“It’s a tool, a useful one, but it’s not who I am. And I miss, I miss experiencing the world like you do. I couldn’t protect people the way I can do now, if I gave it up, so that is holding me back. But…”
All Dean had wanted was to sleep and forget about it all, but Sam had looked scared, so Dean had given in. Unfortunately, it wasn’t as quick as one single trip to a doctor’s office. There were questions, and tests, then more tests, and more questions. A lot of which Dean couldn’t even answer, because he wasn’t aware of what his body was doing when whatever it was happened. A part of him didn’t even want to know. Wanted to pretend none of this was happening. It was surreal, listening to Sam describe the way Dean’s limbs would shake and jerk, like he was talking about someone else, someone Dean didn’t know.
“I just need to rest.” A part of him wants to leave it at that. But Sam is his friend, and in the interest of honesty, he adds, “I hate it when we fight.”
Dean takes the cookies out a little early on purpose, so they're still just the right kind of soft. They don’t look as neatly and prettily shaped as Mrs. Butters’ did, but who gives a fuck what they look like. Munching on one as soon as they’ve cooled enough, Dean hums to himself. With the peanut butter, they’re exactly the right kind of salty
Sneaking up behind him, Sam steals a chocolate chip off of one of the cookies before Dean can slap his hand away. Fucking hell but kids are the worst. How did Dean end up with
Satisfied with the outcome, Castiel sits back down on the edge of the bed and watches the way the water reflects the light. Dean is done eating and, after licking his fingers clean, moves himself closer and lies his head down on Castiel’s shoulder, takes his hand.
Castiel keeps up the humming for a while longer while he pets Dean’s hair and just enjoys holding him. While it has worked before, he’s still surprised that he could actually help with Dean’s insomnia without using his grace at all.
He vaguely thinks the others are talking to him but it barely even registers. He lets himself fall back against Cas, pleading, “Kn-kn-knock me out.
With how much time he has spent away from the bunker over the last couple of years, always feeling like he had to prioritize whatever mission he was currently on, Castiel is perhaps more used to spending time apart. Still, he prefers it when they can check in with each other.
Dean moves his head and shoots Castiel a betrayed look, but Castiel won’t let himself be swayed this time. With a put-upon sigh, Dean pushes himself up and then sits, scowling.
getting tired—or his arms are, at least. When he’s done with the koalas, he’ll have Cas push him. He wants to take his time with this and not leave early. He’s never really been to a Zoo before. Especially not with his entire family—not that it matters that much to Dean what it is they do, as long as they’re all together. Speaking of—
Sam groans. "Alright, that's it. I'm going to go get some sleep." Even his signing seems exhausted. "We can eat something nice later, have some eggnog and watch a movie?"
He has to hang up before he can hear Dean’s reply, forcing his mind to focus on Sam as he rapidly shares the newest developments.
Squeezing his eyes shut, Dean digs his nails into his palms and forces himself to think about upsetting things, like that spider that got into the shower room the other day. He’s so busy remembering the way Sam had mercilessly teased him after saving him from that disgusting thing—or saving the thing from Dean, because Dean was about to just shoot it, the tiles be damned—that he must miss Cas coming over because suddenly he’s right there, a hand on Dean’s shoulder, urgently saying Dean’s name.
“Yes, you’ve said so,” Cas agrees tentatively. He sounds like he’s trying not to spook Dean. “But Dean, you know you can talk to me. I wish—I want to help you, but I can’t if I don’t know what’s wrong.”
"I'd like to make it up to you. Would you like a bath? I've, um. I've maybe stolen Sam and Eileen's Epsom salt. Please don't tell them."
Dean offers Sam a drink, but Sam doesn’t even sit down. "I’m beat, I’m just gonna crash." The curve of his back screams defeat as he shuffles out of the kitchen.
Fumbling the satchel, he's dropped it into the snow. He picks it up and grumpily dusts the snow off it.
“I see.” Deciding to take mercy, Castiel squeezes Dean’s hand once more and then lets go and starts moving towards the exit. “Come on, I think the others are waiting for us.”
Dean nudges him. “Take a selfie!” he demands, so Castiel clicks on the button to switch the modus. Dean tucks himself closer and Castiel squints into the camera—he never knows what kind of expression to make for these.
Oh yeah, right. Dean threw up and then drooled all over Cas. Dean winces, but is quickly distracted by the sight of, well. Cas's arms, for one thing. They’re so… huge. Like his hands, but... more. And then his chest. Cas is so
"What's wrong?" He enters the kitchen and hovers beside Castiel, looking suspiciously between him and Sam like he thinks Sam did something to upset him.
Dean lies down on his side with the two biggest pillows leaning against his back, and arranges the other two at his front, draping his arm over them. With his eyes closed and bracketed in from both sides, his heart rate finally goes down and the restless energy in his limbs settles.
There's footsteps outside and then the door clicking open. Dean can see Sam's gaze dropping down to their hands as soon as he catches sight of them, but Sam only says, “Hey. You guys ready to go?”
Dean turns around to see Cas standing beside Baby. Dean had just walked past her, like she wasn’t even there. He instantly feels bad.
When they go down into the breakfast hall a few minutes later, they find Jack and Eileen already seated at a table. Jack is signing something animatedly, and both he and Eileen laugh. It’s a good sight, and Dean is smiling himself when he and Cas sit down opposite the two after Dean got himself some well earned coffee and a plate piled with scrambled eggs and bacon and syrup.
“Uuuuh.” Dean realizes he’s still worrying at the dish towel and chucks it to the side. “No? No, I mean, yeah. He was here, but then he said he was gonna go take a nap.” He shrugs and offers Cas what he hopes looks like a perfectly clueless, innocent smile. “You want a beer? Coffee?”
Dean loses himself in the peace of it all, and so it takes him a while to realize Cas is watching him.
There are big and small ones, floppy and… not floppy ones. Dean's decorating the phallic shapes with white icing and seems to be having the time of his life. Castiel had not known they made cookie cutters in shapes like that.
“I’m so glad we got the last available rooms here,” Eileen is saying while she signs. “The beds are amazing. Much better than what I’m used to.”
Dean arranged his limbs on the gurney, put the belt in his mouth, and then motioned for Sam to hold him down.
we’re talking about messing with here. Forgive me for not wanting to play fast and loose with that.”
Cas offers to come with him on his supply run. When they get into Baby, Cas sinks into the passenger seat with a sigh and runs a hand over her dashboard like he’s missed her. Dean’s face is suddenly very hot and he fumbles the tape he meant to put in the deck.
them aside until there’s room enough for them to walk through. It’s a good thing Dean’s so exhausted, or the casual display of strength would be giving him all sorts of very distracting ideas.
Jack puts the pamphlet back down he'd been studying. Dean can't read what's it saying, but judging from the pictures it's some kind of dinosaur exhibition.
Dean’s still quiet when he wakes about an hour later, but he turns around and hugs Castiel, squeezing tight for a moment. He doesn’t need to use his words for Castiel to understand he’s thanking him. Dean sticks close after they leave the room too, preparing them both coffee and sitting beside Castiel so that their shoulders bump.
Castiel waves back but makes the mistake of using the hand he’s been stroking Dean’s side with to do it, prompting an immediate displeased noise from Dean.
He parks his chair and moves himself onto the bed. He picks up the bag to look inside and then goes very still.
Taking charge, Castiel gently lifts Dean's hands out of the suds and cleans them off, putting the grate and the sponge aside.
In the garage, Dean smoothes a hand over Baby’s hood so she knows she’s still his number one. Then he gets his tools and his creeper and rolls himself under the Thunderbird’s belly.
When he enters the kitchen, Cas is still there but Sam is gone. Dean feels relieved at that, and then guilty about feeling relieved.
Dean repeats that mantra until he drifts off. He only wakes up briefly when Sam comes back, but knowing his little brother is close and safe makes it a lot easier to fall asleep again. Dean expects to be able to sleep till morning, but the next time he comes to he's sitting up, his tee is sticking to his back with sweat, his heart is racing, and he
Cas shakes his head in exasperation, but even in the dimness of the room Dean can see that he looks fond. Dean smiles at him, then winces when the pounding in his temples kicks up a notch. “Ugh, god d-d-d-dammit.” He sits back down at the edge of his bed, squeezing his eyes shut. The mattress dips when Cas sits down beside him. Cas puts a hand between Dean's shoulder blades, and Dean has to stomp down on the urge to curl up in Cas's arms and never leave again.
Sam is definitely angry now, and apparently also on a roll, because Dean starts to say something placating when Sam cuts him off with, “And besides, shouldn't you worry more about your own relationship?”
Despite all the sleeping Dean had already done at the hospital, he must drift off at some point. He’s startled awake by soft noises in the hallway—low voices, and then a door closing, and then footsteps that falter as they come close.
While Castiel couldn’t care less about Christmas, he would have liked to experience the upcoming Winchester version of it. The version where they take care of others first and then get to have some family time—Dean annoying Castiel into trying the food, everyone having some eggnog while arguing over which movies to watch. Jack would get some presents, and Dean would keep on demanding mistletoe kisses from Castiel, even though their “mistletoe” is a green and red checkered kitchen towel that Dean randomly hangs places to “prank” Castiel into kissing him.
Dean tried to roll over in bed to try and get up, and for some reason that only made the yelling worse.
“Get some rest, Dean.” Then she kisses Sam on the cheek and makes her way down the hall to their rooms, clearly giving them space to talk.
Cas huffs a breath of laughter. “I think the metaphysics of it would bore you. It actually wasn’t that difficult, just… time-consuming.” There are tears brimming on Cas’ lower lids. “You’ll be with all your loved ones. Forever. I promise you no matter what happens, you won’t be alone.”
“Oh y-yeah?” Dean asks, leaning in, looking at Cas through hooded eyes, unable to keep from smiling.
Telling himself that he's being brave instead of needy, Dean decides to go for it and draws Cas into his arms. His heart is beating fast enough with nerves that Cas must notice, but he doesn't say anything. He only puts his arms around Dean in return and breathes out what might or might not be a sigh against Dean's shoulder.
Judging from the way Dean glares down at him, eyes hard and jaw set, it is not fine. Without another word, he turns and throws the Impala’s keys at Sam, who barely catches them. Then he stalks over to Castiel’s truck, gets in, and drives off.
Dean pushes himself up so fast he dislodges Castiel’s hand. He’s frowning at Castiel, mouth pulled down unhappily. “What? Why?”
It would be even nicer if Cas would run his hand up and down, rub Dean's back a little, but he's going to take what he can get.
Dean rolls his eyes and yet hisses when Castiel starts to gently apply the cream. “It’ll m-m-mess up th-th-the sheets,” he complains, but then falls silent and watches Castiel work, his eyes starting to glaze over a bit.
“Cas?” Dean ducks his head and only continues once Cas looks at him again. “Listen. That stuff you’re t-t-talking about? Nobody is b-b-born being good at th-that. And it a-a-ain’t about that anyway. Kissing, sex? It ain’t a perform-m-mance. It’s ab-bout bein’ close. F-f-f-eeling good. You d-don’t need to be a pro at it f-f-for that.
“Five more minutes, and then I’ll come get you,” Cas tells Dean once he’s washed away all the suds. “Try not to fall asleep again yet.”
Dean doesn’t fucking care about what crawled up the guy’s butt and died though. There’s a job to be done—a job Dean can still do just fine, thank you very much—and he’s damn well gonna do it.
He selects a mug—the orange and brown vintage one that Jack got at a flea market that he went to with Cas and that Dean thinks is uglier than all of Sam's shirts combined but Jack loves the stupid thing. When the milk is ready, he stirs the powder into it until it's all nice and creamy, and then turns the stove off.
There’s a drawn-out moment of silence while Dean tries to get a grip on his meltdown. And then Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, asking, “Dean? Could you look at me?”
Dean rolls his eyes but he does get up, fighting his way out from under the blanket. Castiel is congratulating himself on his persuasion tactic until Dean tries to help him stand and he's suddenly hit by a wave of dizziness.
“We need to tend to those,” Castiel decides, inspecting them. He sits up and rummages around until he finds the cream he’s looking for. If Dean’s still insisting that Castiel not use his grace yet, this will have to do. “This might sting a bit.”
“Good. Jack is—” Castiel can’t help his smile, warmth suffusing his chest. “He definitely has the mind of a hunter. And the heart of a hunter.”
They’re quiet for a while, just watching the ocean. Castiel catches himself not only keeping an eye on Jack but also on the beach around them, securing a perimeter. He knows that if there was anything evil or dangerous around, one of them would have noticed by now. He supposes old habits are simply hard to break.
It’s another twelve hours until, finally, the witches are defeated, and they can drive back home. Dean again doesn’t pick up when Castiel calls, so he leaves him a voicemail. The hunters that came with them are staying at the cabin to rest, and Castiel drives Mary’s car back to the bunker, giving her a chance to catch a few hours of sleep in the backseat.
“—it probably won’t help much but I still want to hit up the local police station, find out if they’re investigating at all. Jack can come with me, and—”
When his tears stopped and he could take his hands away from his eyes, he was given tissues and orange juice. Sam was fiddling with Dean’s phone.
There's nothing to do in the kitchen, because they already washed and dried the dishes after dinner. Dean stands in front of the stove helplessly for a good minute until he remembers that Jack likes hot chocolate. Dean can make him that! Hot chocolate goes great with popcorn. And by the time it's ready, Dean will have his shit together again and be able to enjoy some quality time with his family.
Eileen, who's sitting opposite him, consolingly pats his arm. "At least no one's making you try kale smoothies."
“No, I—” His voice is hoarse. Clearing his throat and mustering up his courage, he starts again. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to give you. At first I wanted to wait for your birthday, but then I felt it might be more appropriate for tonight. To—to start the new year with a promise.”
Finally, a little after breakfast the next morning, Sam sticks his head in. "He's awake. Wanna go see him?"
“Sorry guys,” Eileen says, looking apologetic at interrupting them. “Cas, we need an emergency translation.”
“Oh Dean…” It hurts deeply to hear him sound like that, and Castiel immediately wants to fix it, to have Dean never feel like this again from now on.
going to splurge on their motel rooms once they're in San Diego though, even though Sam's going to complain. If Sam insists on keeping him from nice things like his memory foam, and falling asleep beside Cas on his memory foam, Dean at least wants a decent mattress and sheets without questionable stains.
Dean quickly falls asleep and doesn’t even wake when Jack comes over to show Castiel the interesting stones he’s found and tell him about the fishes he saw. In return, Castiel shows Jack his own find. He presses a finger to his mouth and inclines his head towards Dean meaningfully. Jack frowns in confusion but then it clicks and he mimics zipping up his mouth—a gesture Castiel is pretty sure he’s learned from Dean.
Cas reaches out and gives Dean’s shoulder a gentle squeeze and a rub. Even while he’s let down at Cas rejecting his offer of alone time, he cherishes the touch.
Dean stares back, feeling the tips of his ears heat. It takes him a beat to realize he's supposed to answer. “What?” It comes out almost as a squeak. “I m-mean yeah. Why w-w-wouldn't it be?”
“Gonna go l-l-l-look if Sam used up a-a-a-all the hot water for his stupid hair. Good l-l-luck kiss?”
The door clicks shut, and then Dean's alone in the dark room, and he really doesn't like it. He's going to have to suck it up though, so he rolls over, fumbles around for one of the extra pillows, draws it into his arms and curls up around it. Sometimes, when it gets so bad Dean thinks he's going to have a public meltdown if he's denied being close to someone for even another hour, he sneaks a hot water bottle into his room when it's time for bed. Having that warmth at his back helps him feel like there's somebody there, and it's the only way he can go to sleep at all.
Dean doesn’t look at it. He’s leaning on the desk with a hand over his eyes, every line of his body showing his exhaustion.
He finally falls quiet, his voice having gotten all brittle in the end in a way that immediately kicks Dean’s nurturing instincts into overdrive. Dean holds himself back though, needing a moment to chew on all of that before he answers. Cas doesn’t seem to mind. He’s looking off to the side, absently stroking his thumb over the back of Dean’s hand in way like he doesn’t even realize he’s doing it. It’s soothing, and suddenly Dean’s smiling, shaking his head and huffing out a breath of laughter.
. The way it feels when I don’t know if you’re safe—if I can spare you that feeling, then I want to do that. I
When Cas declares him injury free, Dean lifts his arms. Immediately, Cas and Eileen spring into action, lifting him up and each putting one of Dean’s arms over their shoulders. They take him to his bedroom and help him sit on the edge of his bed.
Dean claps Sam on the shoulder, “St-t-tay safe.” Then he draws Castiel in for a quick hug, “You too.”
Suddenly, Dean is taken out of the nice, dark place and into a bright and loud place. There’s more people, more voices, and hands that want to do stuff with him. He doesn’t like it! Except then suddenly Sammy is there, and he’s asking Dean to please go along with it, that Dean needs help. Sam looks really pale and scared. Dean doesn’t really understand why, but it makes him stop fighting.
"It's called a sandwich, and it's not gonna bite you," Sam replies, and Dean scowls at his patronizing tone. Sam's expression softens.
For a beat, Dean's thrown by the question until he realizes that his eyes must still be red. That's—fuck, he didn't mean for anyone to see him like this. For anyone to have to deal with him when he can't handle something.
Feeling himself flush again and his throat close up, Dean looks down at his lap and brushes imaginary dust off of his thighs.
Dean had offered to help with research, if only to speed things along. But when even that got him only three seconds of attention from Cas—the time it took Cas to look up and say "I suppose you could read over this lore again, see if we missed something "—Dean had pretended to look up stuff for a while and then decided to sulk instead.
back a mere three seconds later. He’s definitely in for a lecture, but all of a sudden he feels so tired and hollow that he doesn’t even care.
Curling up on his side and closing his eyes, he tries his best to ignore it. To keep breathing evenly, and to not think about anything. The hollowness hurts in that way that starvation hurts—urgently and desperately. Dean curls his hands into loose fists and shuts his eyes tighter against the prickling heat behind them.
meant to wait, but then he’d looked at the list and it was just so long. Surely, if he went ahead and got a few more items while Dean was busy, Dean would be grateful because that meant they could get out of the overcrowded store sooner.
Dean shrugs and hides behind his almost empty coffee mug, uncomfortable with the gratitude. He keeps his eyes and his focus on clearing his plate and lets the others keep up the conversation.
Sam shrugs, and then drags a chair over so he can sit at Castiel’s side. He offers him a smile. “Yeah, but if I lie down now it will just mess up my sleep schedule.” He grabs the remote. “Want to watch something? Eileen’s skyping with a friend and Jack’s playing a video game. I’m bored, you’d be doing me a favor.”
Slowly, the tide of panic ebbs and his heart slows and he can breathe again. In its wake though, he feels like there’s a layer of grime all over him.
Dean waves him in and quickly shuts the door again. He can barely open his eyes, but he can basically feel Cas looking him up and down, checking him over for injuries in a way that's probably mostly reflex by now. It still warms Dean a little inside. If Cas was protective before, it's got nothing on how he's been since Dean gave Michael his front door key.
Dean grumbles about it but he does get up, blinking dazedly. His chair is parked directly beside the bed and he enters the bathroom. Shortly after, Castiel can hear water running—Dean is likely making use of the tub to rinse off the sunscreen and sweat.
Finally, Cas closes his laptop which he’d used for the organizing and puts it aside. He slumps down in his seat and strokes a big hand over Dean’s hair.
“Sounds fair.” He points a thumb behind himself. “If you’re good to wait here, I’m gonna go help the others.”
After a while, Castiel starts to fidget. It’s uncomfortable to sit, no matter how he arranges the pillows behind him. “My back hurts,” he complains. “I need to walk around.” Nevermind that he still gets dizzy when he does that, he can’t sit like this any longer.
Cas nods. “I didn’t either. Though I have to admit that when I told him about what we are to each other, I didn’t think about it in terms of labels, so it’s understandable he didn’t quite know what to say.”
Not seeming to mind Dean’s clinginess or his quiet, Cas just held him, just let him lean against him and sort himself out.
"Just a little,” Castiel coaxes. “I'll even sit with you. And then we can come back here and cuddle without your stomach growling at both of us all night."
Now, Cas's arms are resting on Dean’s back, shifting slightly like he’s typing or scrolling through something on his phone. Dean has vague memories of waking up scared from another nightmare last night, only awake long enough to say Cas's name in a panic and for Cas to shush him and adjust Dean in his arms, before he fell back asleep.
Completely at a loss as to what to do with himself, Dean sits down on his bed. It suddenly occurs to him that he didn’t put his boots back on and it makes him feel oddly vulnerable.
The next 48 hours are frantic. After an eight-hour drive, they have to almost immediately jump into action. From then on, it's an exhausting mix of preparing spells, dabbling with theoretical magic, and scrambling to keep civilians out of harm’s way.
“I don’t care as long as we get out of the sun,” Eileen says, shrugging and gesturing at herself.  “I want a shower.”
Shortly after, there's the sound of the Impala rumbling her way up the hill. When Jack emerges from the driver's side to the sounds of cheers from their guests, he freezes, looking completely overwhelmed again.
He’s aware that he’s being short with Dean, but he doesn’t know any other way to get through this without snapping at him even more than he’s already doing.
Noticing Dean is awake, Cas sits down at the edge of the bed, meeting Dean's grumpy scowl with an amused smile.
Dean wants to ask where Cas is going with this, but something in Cas's voice arrests him, makes him keep his eyes trained on the night sky. There’s the wisdom of about 390 million years in Cas's words and tone, but also something else, something quiet and honest and fragile—something for when it’s just the two of them.
“It doesn't bother me,” Cas is saying, peering earnestly into Dean's eyes. “But is it because—did you have another flashback last night while I wasn’t there?”
Michael re-dressed them, but in different clothes. He could just snap his fingers and get it over with, but he took his time with every single piece. Like sliding a treasured sword back into an expensive sheath, Michael caressed their fingers over the fabric, slowly slid the pants up their legs, the fine hairs there catching on the cloth. Dean gagged and a wave crashed over him. Mud and sea foam oozed down his throat, clogging it.
For a while then, nobody mentioned Dean’s stuttery speech, at least not where he could hear, though they did sometimes have to ask him to repeat himself. The flashbacks and nightmares finally let up, but his brain to mouth connection still wasn’t working right.
“Gah,” Dean says, brain to mouth filter completely shot. He swallows and tries to form actual words this time, “C-Cas. Um. What a-a-are you doing-g-g?”
When he’s done, he doesn’t quite know what to do with himself. Sam recommended him a meditation app but he’s found it isn’t for him. He doesn’t feel like reading or watching or listening to anything.
“‘It’s just m-m-mildly c-c-cursed,’ huh?” Dean’s hands, as they’re guiding Castiel to sit down in the backseat, are gentle. His voice, however, as he parrots Castiel’s words back at him, is scathing. “‘Not gon-n-na do anyth-th-thing to an angel.’ So m-m-much for th-that.”
"Where th-the fuck ha-ha-have you been?" he hisses, getting up and glaring at Castiel. He's clutching a few items to his chest—flour, icing, colorful sprinkles, and a box of what looks like cookie cutters.
Turning around once more before leaving the kitchen, Castiel sees her lean in and say something to Dean. Dean signs something back one-handedly that Castiel can't quite see from the angle he's looking. Whatever it was makes Eileen laugh and shove lightly at Dean's shoulder. Dean pretends to be annoyed but Castiel can see him trying to hide a smile.
“We got nothing to d-d-do b-but wait for the oth-thers right now. Might as well have some f-f-fun. Nothing w-w-wrong with th-that.”
Dean tries to glare up at Cas, but the dumbass has already gone back to watching the stupid animals with a soft expression of joy.
Dean had quickly shaken his head. He pressed the glass with cool juice against his throbbing temple and closed his eyes, took a shuddering breath.
The twinkle in Dean’s eyes suggests he’s probably looking to make out, but the moment they lie down, he starts yawning. He curls into Castiel’s chest like an overgrown cat and seconds later, he’s snoring.
Dean pumped his fist in the air—victory!—and then jumped out of his seat. "Stay there," he instructed Cas, "don't go anywhere. Be right back." With that, he beelined it to the kitchen.
Shutting off the bedside lamp, Castiel lies down on his back and stares at the dark ceiling. He tries not to think about anything, but it feels like he ends up thinking about everything instead.
Dean, who has been very busy stuffing himself with blueberry pancakes, looks up from his plate and for once actually swallows before answering.
yell at him to put him the fuck down right now. But he doesn't. Cas is holding him so securely, and it's making Dean's chest do that fluttery thing again, so Dean keeps his eyes closed and lets it happen.
“So get this,” Sam is saying. “That thing up in Hot Springs, South Dakota, that we thought was probably just a couple of ghouls gone rogue? Is heavy duty black magic. I’ve already called Rowena, she’s going to meet us there.” Addressing Maggie, he asks her to stay back and take care of things at the bunker, but Castiel is no longer really listening.
Dean shrugs. “No big deal.” He shuts the hood and tries to get the grease off of his hands with the already grease-stained rag. It’s not working. He’s going to need soap, he—
Cas shakes his head. "No, I'm sorry. You said you needed more time before you were ready and to give you some space, I should respect that. I forgot for a moment but it won't happen again, I promise."
“There’s fried chicken, I got the recipe from Ellen at the diner, you know the waitress?” He motioned to the second “fruit,” and finally the third “and peanut butter cookies. Oh yeah...I almost forgot.” Dean reached back into his backpack and pulled out a thermos. “Iced Tea. Nothing fancy." Dean shrugged. "I made it from a mix.”
He got up and walked back to the bedroom, checking his reflection in the dresser mirror. His eye was bruised and swollen. His lower lip, puffy and split. A large blueish green lump had formed over his brow. He pulled up the side of his t-shirt revealing the reason his sides ached. Dean pressed into the worst bruise to test it. He winced with the pain of it, but he was breathing okay. He didn’t think any ribs were broken.
“Her name’s ‘Baby’ and yes, and no -  she’s got a few more kinks to work out before I bring her home for good. She’s in the shop.”
He got off his bike. The smell of stale urine hit him as he stepped further into the alleyway, the air so damp Dean felt like the filth was clinging to him. “I’m looking for someone, not something.”
Two weeks!...Two weeks and he would drive to see Cas and spend the afternoon with him. Away from San Francisco and Sacramento. A new place, Cas’s place - away from the shadows of their past, maybe a place of new possibilities. Two weeks….It couldn’t come soon enough - but then Dean almost fucked it all up.
“I came up here to warn you Cas. That’s all.” Hannah gave a sympathetic smile, grabbing his hand and squeezing it.
“Andrea and I rearranged our plans for you Deano,” he said quietly.  “Now you owe me a baseball game and dinner tomorrow.”
Cas’s voice somewhere between a shudder and a growl, the fingers of his free hand twisting through Dean's hair, pinning him with a heavy-lidded stare as Dean wildly chased an orgasm, fucking up into his hand.
“Mmmm god Cas...feels so good...harder baby...wanna see your mark on me. I want everyone to see it so they’ll know we belong to each other.”
Dean’s eyes fluttered down to Cas’s lips. “That’s not gonna be a problem babe,” Dean whispered, “I only have eyes for you, Cas.”
Cas got up and turned on the tv flipping channels to try to find something that Dean might like, not that he could keep track of much with the raging fever disorienting him. Cas flipped past a few news shows and settled on a Scooby Doo Halloween special. He came back to Dean with juice and made him drink some to hydrate before letting him lay back down.
Cas got up, wrote down the name and address of a diner, handed it to Dean, and sat back down. It was already nearing sunrise so they would meet at noon for coffee, allowing each other some much-needed sleep.
“I think people will look at you like you’ve lost your mind,” Cas teased. “But then if anyone could make it catch on it’s you…...So….” he struggled, “I guess I should let you go watch it then…”
Dean shook that mental image far away. He threw Cas a laugh and was suddenly feeling ravenous. He dug into the various appetizers while Cas dunked a shrimp in cocktail sauce.
Dean listened, coming back with, “What if….I’m not the same person anymore...what if he realizes…” Dean paused choosing his words, “Odysseus was unrecognizable.”
. More of his laughter, his smiles, his incredibly full kissable lips that practically begged to be crushed against Dean’s.
convinced once again that Dean had only sought him out now to fulfill some kind of penance for failing to be what Cas needed him to be all those years ago. He hated what that realization did to him. He wasn’t going to drag Balthazar through that anymore. He owed it to him to be honest, to break it off so that Balthazar could move on and find something better.
Cas was looking out into the distance, so Dean dropped his gaze to their hands as he let his finger stroke gently, purposefully against Cas’s. Guilt pricking at him,  he felt like a thief...like even this tiny touch was an act of transgression, taking something Cas could no longer afford to give, would no longer
“Hiya Cas.” Dean managed, barely breathing as every nerve prickled, electric throughout his body. He swallowed.
You better stay on your toes or I just might let him steal me away!” Mildred flirted harmlessly. Dean might have actually blushed.
A loud whistle erupted from their table followed by more from other parts of the club as the song ended and Benny, Sam and Cas stood and clapped. Balthazar clapped from his seat. Everyone cheered. Dean opened his eyes as Jess kissed his hair and jumped down off the stage. Dean looked up as Sam yelled “ANOTHER” and Cas’s wide eyes met his. Smiling, adoring.
working at Bobby’s shop, is more the question,” Dean frowned. “Feels like my life is sleep and work lately. Although I have a lot of time to make up for after being sick.” Dean popped a meatball into his mouth, nearly swallowing it whole. “Shop’s been keeping me busy enough. When there isn’t something here there’s usually something Bobby will send me to do in San Francisco.”
Eyes shifting back quickly to the application in front of him, Cas stiffened. That easily, all the emotion he’d held back crashed in on him like a wave. He’d forgotten about those fucking pumpkins. Cas pressed his lips together for a moment to gather himself.
“That fool idjit in Frisco’s screwed up a major part order. Now the work’s all backed up and I need someone to go down and straighten her out or people’ll be pissed they won’t have their cars done by the holiday at this rate.”
Dean wiped moisture from the corners of his eyes as Mick who was seated to his left, reached over and clapped a hand on his back.
After a moment of steadying his breath, Dean unfolded the letter and read on. His heart seized on one part.
The conversation picked up around the table again. Dean and Sam traded embarrassing stories about one another growing up. Benny was surprised to learn they originally lived in New York, their father dragging them from town to town taking and losing jobs before finally moving them out here to California when Sam was 10 and Dean 14.
“Look buddy, Thanks and all. Not hungry, not a talker. I just wanna get there in time to see the sunset,”
“Do you wanna know Dean? Do you wanna know when I stopped worrying that you might be dead?” Cas demanded.
These were the men and women who were real parents to Dean and today he had almost lost one of them, but to be here for Fred and Mildred he had left behind Cas, the love of his life who had been more than patient with Dean’s bullshit.
Dean knew Sam had his own things to worry about. Jessica still hadn’t moved back in with him but had at least agreed that she wanted to spend Thanksgiving with Sam at Bobby’s place. Maybe this was Sam’s wake up call. Dean hoped at least he’d follow through on the promises he was making to change. Jessica was too good to lose, she, like Cas, was already family.
“Okay,” Sam said…”so what about that guy. You said he told the nurse he was Cas’s brother. Do you remember the name?”
Cas didn’t say anything so Dean continued. “It makes me really sad. He’s got all this bad shit happening at work and it’s spilled over into their home life. I always thought he and Jessica had something ...I don’t know,
“What are you gonna do Dean?” Sam laughed “Watch him sleep? You always complain about how creepy that is.”
They moved completely as one, Dean’s lips and teeth grazing Cas’s neck as the music changed again. Cas reached his arm back to catch the back of Dean’s head with his hand, massaging his fingers through Dean’s hair in encouragement as he kissed a trail along his neck.  Cas melted into him, Dean’s arms gentle but firm around him, Dean’s lips relentless against his skin.
What finally spurred Castiel to look away wasn’t a breaking of the spell, but an intensification of it-- for as the world around him continued to recede from the moment, as strange, pulsing seconds ticked by at glacial speed, it happened. The stranger’s smirk grew ever so slightly, and he gave Castiel a small, yet unmistakable, wink.
Whatever the truth was, he was shaken. It was as though he had been seen-- and seen so easily. It was dangerous. This man, this Dean, was dangerous for approaching him.
hung in his nostrils, obliterating everything else but the feeling of Dean’s mouth surrounding him, sucking him.
Dean felt odd using such a descriptor for Cas, but it was really the only one that applied --- face squashed against his pillow, his eyebrows unfurled for once, his dark lashes against his cheeks, and  mouth lolling open slightly and whistling softly each time he exhaled, made him look downright
He picked up his pace, focused entirely on the task at hand. To his initial surprise, Dean was clean shaven. Castiel supposed it was a preference of his customers. The thought was dark and bitter, and it played like a jarring, out of place thrum in his mind, pulling him from the moment. He’d paused in his motions, and as he stalled, gentle fingers wove into his hair. The feeling of Dean’s hand there, the familiar sound of his breathing reaching his ears, steadied him. Recentered him.
“It’s a safe place,” he said quietly, as though having read Castiel’s mind. “Nobody's gonna catch us here. Trust me?”
The short journey was eerily similar to their last and yet very, very different. Gone, for one, was trepidation and want, and in its place swirling thoughts about workplaces and warnings, and an unidentifiable sense of loss. In no time Castiel found himself back in the dank alleyway, and with a steadying breath, Dean turned to face him.
“Nothing,” Dean said, laughter fading into speech. “You’re about to score, and your pick for a soundtrack is some obscure, hippy-dippy folk music. You’re just sorta weird, is all ”
Tentatively, Castiel followed Dean back into his little bedroom, where the covers were already pulled back on the bed. He climbed onto the mattress only once Dean had settled down. He slid in next to him, not quite near enough to touch, laying on his back. Sleepless minutes passed and Castiel heard Dean’s breathing slow and deepen, a quiet snore punctuating the silence every now and then. It was almost as if Castiel could see his own thoughts winding before him, long thin lines of text spiraling gracefully above him. He couldn’t shake the feeling of having found something that night, though he was yet to figure out what. Warmth blossomed in his chest as he thought back on the little things he’d noticed about Dean during their night together -- how he was uncommonly dedicated to his loved ones, how his sense of humor was best experienced in quiet conversation. How his laughter rang like church bells.
“C’mon, man, it’s nothin’ personal.” Dean shoved the keys in the ignition.  “Just looking out for my baby.”
Just being able to sit on a pier somewhere, watch the sunset with a beer in hand, and talk to one another. Hear about everything both of them had seen, learn more the kind of life Cas had lead and what the world was like through his eyes, Dean telling funny stories about Sam, maybe even making Cas smile once or twice.
“Hmm.” Dean answered, distracted his friend’s injury. Hesitantly, Dean pushed some of the fabric of Cas’s shirt away, finger tracing along the angel’s skin, which was pleasantly warm. Cas tensed at his touch, and Dean quickly pulled his hand away.
Castiel’s room was cramped as ever, the bed messily made and books piled precariously on a chest shoved against the wall. His mattress took up most of the space, and a tiny closet held most of his clothes.
but when Dean turned his head to look at his friend, he decided to bite his tongue. Castiel looked no different --- and that was perhaps why Dean changed his mind. He had the same slumped shoulders, the same earnest gaze --- the same Castiel that has never really known patience and affection, the same Castiel that Dean had rarely been gentle with himself. What Cas had said was quite simple, but the meaning carried in his single word hit Dean square in the chest. Castiel --- in all of his celestial grace and incomprehensible magnitude, of whom has seen empires rise and fall and stars die and come into being --- has asked something of him with such imploring sincerity one may think it were of great importance to the entirety of the universe; when, in fact, the sheer simplicity of the request could be just as stunning. Castiel wants him to
He let Dean into the room ahead of him, and Dean stood off to the side awkwardly as Castiel shut the door behind him and went about turning on lights. Two lamps flickered to life and illuminated Castiel’s small apartment. It was cramped but comfortable, with brown shag carpeting, a sofa and a number of chairs, all varying styles and colors and levels of comfort, a small box television and two bookcases. The lime colored paint on the walls was aged and there were drip stains from the ceiling here and there, but other than this, the room was in decent shape. A tiny counter separated the kitchen area from the living area, and to the right, three doors led to the apartment’s two bedrooms and bathroom.
The admittal wasn’t embarrassed, but steely, overly self-assured. Castiel said nothing in response, thoughts now spinning quietly in another direction.
Cas looked uncertainly at Dean before grabbing the hem of his t-shirt and lifting it up. He raised his arms, shimmying his shoulders as the fabric worked its way up and off of his body, the muscles in his torso flexing as the shirt finally came over his head. This entire time, Cas has kept his eyes locked on Dean, innocent blue piercing his vivid green. Dean swallowed heavily as he studied his friend’s every move, watching as his eyes flicked away to toss the tee to the side before looking back at him, drawing Dean’s gaze back up and away from the surplus of warm olive-colored skin.
Cas looked down. “Oh.” He muttered, and pulled the shirt back up, twisting so Dean had better access to his slashed skin.
Dean had to get himself out of here,  he’d let this go on too long. They’d crossed the boundary between friend-to-friend intimacy and entered something more objectionable long before Cas had lost the shirt, and they were quickly approaching a level of closeness Dean wasn’t sure his brain was prepared for.
“Oh. Hello,” Castiel replied, snapping himself back into the present and shaking her outstretched hand. She wore a number of rings and her nails were long and manicured. “Castiel,” he added.
“Alright, I’m gettin’ it.” Dean went on, proud of himself for catching on in such a reasonable amount of time. “So, If you’re an extension cord,  that makes me an electrical outlet.”
Castiel obeyed the summons almost without thought, for all his effort was being put into controlling himself. He was afraid he was gonna jump Dean if he gave in fully to the want clawing at his insides. Fear of being caught seemed to have heightened his senses, but regret was the last thing he felt as he kissed the beautiful stranger, lips wet and hungry, a hint of teeth catching his upper lip before disappearing into softness.
A beat. They looked at one another, both a bit defiant, but with an unspoken confidence in the other.
Castiel did not, however, remove his own underwear before joining Dean on top of his sheets. Missing Dean’s lips, he stole a kiss, Dean trembling and moaning as Castiel brushed against his erection. At the feeling of Dean’s thick length against his stomach, Castiel could feel his composure rapidly slipping. His own erection throbbed in his boxers as, of their own volition, his hips rolled as he sank into Dean’s soft, tantalizing kisses.
One of Dean’s hands was cupping his cheek, and it was almost too romantic a gesture, as if the featherlight brush of the pads of Dean’s fingers were words of passion, of affection, of longing. Castiel felt overloaded with it, with the way his eyes fluttered open when they ended their kiss, how his blown pupils were pools of bliss. He spent a moment drinking in the face of the younger man, and then Castiel lowered his head to place a long kiss at the juncture of his neck and shoulder, soothing with his lips the sharpness of his teeth dragging against Dean’s skin. Once more he found Dean’s cock, which was still slick with his own saliva. He pumped it with his fist, slow strokes as he nudged Dean’s legs open. Positioning himself directly below Dean, he licked a broad stripe up Dean’s scrotum, circling back down to where the sack met a smooth, plush expanse of skin.
“Suit yourself.” Dean grabbed his pajamas and walked into the bathroom. Cas’s dirty clothes were folded neatly next to the tub, his shampoo significantly depleted, but left with more than enough for Dean to use. He turned on the water and waited for it to heat up, thankful Cas had been smart enough to bring soap - the guy had a knack for anticipating things, and how he did it, Dean would never know. Although, he hadn’t predicted needing a change of clothes. Or, maybe, he knew Dean would have packed enough for the both of them. Could angels do that? Dean had no idea.
Begrudgingly, Cas agreed. Ahead on the highway, he spotted a bright letters spelling ‘MOTE,’ the ‘L’ flashing in and out, along with the ‘no’ in ‘no vacancy.’
Dean nodded his confirmation, and Castiel went around to their kitchen, reaching into the liquor cabinet while Balthazar’s voice played in his head:
“You’re a pervert,” said Dean with a chuckle, and Castiel fought the smirk that was pulling at his lip. Taking liberties to feel up as much of Dean’s exposed skin as he went, he pushed the flannel off of Dean’s shoulders as Dean wriggled his arms out of its sleeves.
of awkward. They were in a quiet, dimly-lit motel room, inches apart with no Sam to diffuse the tension. Not to mention, Cas had overheard him doing the five knuckle shuffle. Ugh.
Dean took the cloth and wiped up the extra alcohol, trying to be as gentle as he could. He had managed to avoid eye contact this far, and was hesitant to break that streak. But, it would be equally uncomfortable if he continued to stroke Cas’s bare skin with a thin rag - and so, Dean tossed it aside and lifted his eyes. He was surprised to find Cas looking right back at him, the light from the lamp behind him glowing around his head like a halo. Dean’s throat felt tight as he spoke.
“‘M’so sorry, girl,” he soothes, smoothing a hand over her roof. He’d been way too rough with her in his frustration when she shut down on them. “Imma make it up to you, okay?”
He can see the war in Dean wage on for another moment, but then Dean nods, sagging. Castiel gives him a gentle push towards the door, and then goes to help carry the fold-up chairs and tables back inside.
At not even 5 o’clock on Christmas morning, there’s banging on their door that’s so loud that Dean’s upright and has his gun drawn before he’s even fully awake. He blinks owlishly at Castiel, who had been knitting and almost stabbed himself with one of the needles when the banging startled him even through the noise of the podcast he was listening to.
"Hey! Welc-c-come back." Dean offers him a smile, but it's a little subdued. There are dark circles under his eyes and every line of his body speaks of exhaustion. Dean leans over the side of the bed and gently sets the case down on the floor where it's out of their line of sight. It's an unspoken rule that Castiel pretends he didn't just hear Dean play.
Dean’s head jerks up. His and Cas's eyes meet. Cas looks like a deer caught in the headlights, and Dean’s pretty sure his face is so red it can be seen from space.
"You've been having insomnia again," Castiel deduces with a frown instead of answering Dean's question.
“F-f-fine,” Dean says, pouting even while he feels all warmed inside from being fussed over. “For the r-r-rec-c-cord, I h-h-hate sleeping al-l-lone.”
It comes out watery and strangled, but the shame and anger Dean is directing at himself are loud and clear.
Technically, it's against their agreement for Dean not to immediately tell him when he feels an episode coming, but Castiel doesn't have the heart to be cross with him today for trying to hide the signs.
In the parking lot, they put the groceries into the back and then Dean gets back into the driver’s seat. Moving his arms helped a little but he’s starting to get seriously uncomfortable. Cas must notice when he comes back after folding up Dean’s wheelchair and putting it in the trunk.
Cas hums. “They’re marsupials, actually. And while they look soft, their fur is very coarse, like sheep wool. They used to be the size of a full-grown bull, and—”
The snow in the woods is piled high enough that judging the ground beneath can be tricky, and Jules has broken her foot. Healing it drains Castiel's Grace to the point where he has to sit down and catch his breath.
Cas comes back. He crouches down beside him and searches his eyes. “Dean, you had a seizure in the kitchen. I’d like to check if you injured yourself.” Dean nods but has to close his eyes while Cas gently checks him over. He’s feeling confused and achy and he longs for Cas to help Dean to bed and hold him.
"Just c-c-coffee. Alread-d-dy felt off when I w-w-woke up. " His voice is hoarse. Castiel cards his fingers through Dean's hair and Dean sighs.
On the other bed, Sam is packing his own bag, except he's stopped to watch Dean and Cas like they're some sort of bizarre tennis match, his stupid eyebrows almost disappearing into his stupid hairline. He's not saying anything though, so Dean ignores him in favor of more complaining. Which he keeps up all the way to the car, where Jack is already sitting shotgun, rifling through a whole stack of pamphlets. He's been fascinated with them for a while now, actually taking them
Not knowing where to put his hands, Castiel has rested them on the edge of the tub, but Dean has other ideas. "I'm
“Four in the morning. And I was just dreaming about spending a nice day at a farmer's market, so thanks for that.” Dean head is starting to seriously hurt, but he's still hit by a rush of affection for his little brother, who's trying to soothe him with humor.
It’s now been about twenty minutes. But there is probably a line in the restroom, or maybe Dean is shopping on his own and about to meet Castiel in the middle.
It’s still early when they go back inside. They’re quiet, but their shoulders bump as they walk side by side and their fingers tangle, drawn back to each other.
Dean holds on for another long moment, then claps Sam on the back. “G-g-get some m-m-more b-b-beauty ssssleep.” He winces internally at how bad he sounds right now, but it's worth it to see Sam shake his head and laugh in that my-brother-is-a-jerk-but-I-love-him-anyway kind of way that never fails to make Dean feel kind of proud of them.
There’s a snort, and then Sam saying, “Yeah, he’s gone.” A click, Sam and Cas wishing each other goodnight, and then Dean is put down on a nice, soft surface. Cas is tugging his boots off his feet, but all Dean’s body cares about is that he’s horizontal, and he’s out again almost instantly.
Looking down, the sight that greets him is so erotic that Dean moans helplessly, blindly grabbing for the lube he’d thrown onto the bed. Dean would be turned on no matter what because this is Cas, but man, the guy has some dick on him. Thick
The sheets and covers smell fresh and don’t feel tacky with sweat, so Cas must have asked for new ones and then made the bed. Dean wants to thank him but he’s asleep again before he can even try to wrestle his mouth into obeying him.
that Dean can’t say out loud but that Castiel hears anyway. He squeezes Dean’s fingers in return, letting him know that he’s being understood.
Then Jack looks up and turns around, "Welcome back! We baked cookies!" He offers Castiel a bright, proud smile that infuses Castiel with such a burst of unexpected happiness he almost feels like he needs to sit down. "I can see that. Can I help?"
After dinner, Sam and Eileen leave to walk along the beach and watch the sunset. Jack follows Dean and Cas to the accessible motel room they share so they can all watch jeopardy together. Halfway through, Dean starts to nod off but somehow manages to wake up and complain every time they lower the volume.
In retrospect, he was kind of proud of that comeback, especially seeing how angry it had seemed to make Chuck.
Dean sits down beside Cas, close enough their elbows are brushing. At one point, Cas stretches so that his arm is behind Dean, and Dean tries to play it cool because surely Cas is going to lay his arm around him now, all nice and heavy and warm, and—
He only barely wakes when, an indefinite amount of time later, he’s lifted out of the car by Cas. Resting his head on Cas's chest, Dean lets himself be carried inside, uncaring of anything except not having to open his eyes or move an inch, floating in a state of semi-sleep. Despite the exhausting day they’ve had, Cas is carrying him like it’s no effort at all. “You’re s-so strong-g-g,” Dean sighs adoringly.
Cas watches Dean struggle to swing his legs over the edge of the bed and then resolutely tells him to stay put while he draws him a bath. He helps him hobble to the bathroom, helps him out of his clothes, not that Dean’s wearing more than a tee and boxer shorts. Cas left the door open but didn’t turn on the light, so while it’s fairly dark inside the bathroom, Dean still blushes when Cas tugs his underwear down his legs. This is not how he imagined being naked in front of Cas for the first time.
Their little bubble finally got broken by Sam walking into the Cave and then stopping short. “Hey, have you—oh. Oh crap, sorry guys.”
While Castiel’s own nervousness had already confused him, Dean’s reaction throws him completely. They’ve given each other presents before. How is this any different?
Focusing bleary eyes on the alarm clock on the nightstand, he sees that they've both been out for at least four hours.
tomorrow night? I know we’ve watched it before, but not everyone together. And I think I’d like to watch it again.”
They round a corner, and the mine shaft branches off in two different directions before them. He can’t make out much of a difference with his flashlight, but there’s the faintest hint of a breeze coming from the left one. Figuring the thing would prefer fresh air, and that a breeze means there must be another exit at the end of that branch, Dean leads the others down that way.
“It’s not that I don’t want you. It’s…” Cas takes his hands off Dean’s face but Dean doesn’t release his grip on them, needing them to stay connected in that way. To his relief, Cas doesn’t draw away, just grips him back. “Sometimes I find myself… at a loss. I don’t know how to express my affection for you, and when I do, I’m not very good at it, and that… that frustrates me.” Cas is the one avoiding eye-contact now, looking off to the side and frowning at the wall.
Castiel has been in many different warzones in his impressively long lifetime, but Walmart the day before Christmas is a new one for him. It’s crowded, everyone seems angry about the fact that it’s crowded, and Castiel just had to fight a man in a full-body fur costume for the last box of Honey Nut Cheerios. Someone has thrown up in the canned goods aisle, and when Castiel turns his back for a moment to inspect some apples, a woman tries to steal the sliced bread out of his cart and then acts like she'd thought it was hers.
The smell of something delicious rouses him again a while later, and his stomach growls audibly before he’s even fully awake. Dean has barely had anything but water over the last 24 hours, too nauseous from the pain to stomach anything more substantial than some crackers Cas had forced on him, and he’s
It’s overrun and there’s too much noise. But Dean didn’t expect much else, and besides, Sammy and Cas aren’t there, so this doesn’t count as his first ever visit to the beach. Not until he’s got sand between his toes anyway.
is… different somehow. Dean doesn’t feel so out of control. Because Cas knows now, and he gets it. Cas looked at him and saw him and still holds Dean like this.
Oh fuck he's such a bumbling idiot. No wonder Cas could never see him as anything other than a friend—and even that, Dean had almost fucked up. Way to fucking go.
Dean has picked out a gray hoodie and some sweatpants, and he changes into them, his back still to Castiel. He throws his towel and robe haphazardly in the direction of the couch, and then he lies down on the bed beside Castiel on his side, turned away from him.
With an exasperated sigh, Cas ends his profound suffering by swapping out Dean's broccoli for more of the other rabbit food from his own plate. Cas doesn't need to eat but he usually has a small helping of whatever they're eating because he says he enjoys it. He's come to terms with his grace being as weak as it is and appears to appreciate the fact that food doesn't taste as strongly of molecules as it used to.
“Okay, I’d l-l-like to make sure we got all the det-t-tails right,” Dean says once they’ve got their drinks and the waitress is out of hearing range again. “Can you tell us how this whole th-thing started?”
“You’ve been kind of quiet. And like you’re in your head a lot,” Eileen explains, even her signing somehow as careful and gentle as her voice.
Dean walks past the fireplace they've built and to the top of the hill where a fallen tree is serving as a makeshift bench. When they've sat down, Dean throws the blanket over both their backs.
"'The Meat Man'," Cas counters, using air quotes again, "needs to finally decide which hoodie to wear." He rummages through the dresser again. "How about the charcoal one Eileen got you?"
Cas is silent for a while and Dean waits him out, sensing there’s still something brewing under the surface.
Eileen and Sam will hold hands or give each other cheek kisses, and Dean will have to bear feeling so happy for his brother and yet so jealous at the same time. That’s just it, during the day, Dean’s distracted and has reason to keep a tight lid on his crap. But at night—
Dean steps forward into Cas's touch and Grace tingles through him, mending the worst of the cuts and bruises. A thumb strokes Dean’s cheek and then Cas withdraws his hand. When Dean blinks open his eyes, Cas is already on his way towards the metal fence where the others seem to be debating the best way to get past the fucking thing.
“They’re not th-that great at it either. You d-d-don’t need to be good at something-g-g to have fun.”
His heart was still racing. His mouth still tingling. He felt happy and excited like a kid with a crush. He felt like laughing and smiling and crying all at once. He’d
Dean knows his limits though. He’s made up his mind and Castiel is equally as determined to support him any way he needs.
When Cas got up to get his laptop earlier, Dean took off his hoodie and sweatpants and exchanged them for his nightgown (it’s wrapping him in hugs! And now Cas will too!). So after brushing his fingers over the shiny inside of the abalone, he grabs his sleep mask and then turns off the lamp.
Sam and Eileen are sitting at the kitchen table, laptops open and documents spread out between them. They were probably enjoying their coffee while having a peaceful conversation before Dean and Castiel came in. Now, they look at the two of them with confused expressions.
Not right now at least—Jack is chopping an apple. Sam is grazing on some yogurt-and-granola abomination. Dean kind of wants bacon, but that'd mean sitting down with the others to eat, and he can't do that. Not yet.
Dean is busy licking pie crumbs off his fingers. “Don’t real-l-ly care. If I’m lucky, imma f-f-fall as-s-sleep anyw-w-way. What
Dean paces through his room and wrings his hands and tries to keep himself from hyperventilating. His throat is tight and his eyes are burning. When his knees go weak and spots start dancing in his vision, he shakily manages to sit down on his bed. Shivers racing up and down his back, he hits a fist against his chest, trying to force his lungs into remembering what it is they’re supposed to do.
Over the course of the day, everyone comes in to spend some time with him. They all seem to take in stride that he's a little grumpy and maybe a little pouty about being the only one banned from the infirmary.
It takes him a long time to leave the garage. Mercifully, he doesn’t run into anyone. But when he walks past the library, Cas is there, typing away on one of their laptops and frowning in concentration.
Sam and Cas stop talking about ancient Sumerian hair products or whatever it was they were going on about that Dean was ignoring in favor of inhaling his food. Jack swallows, eyes fixed on his plate.
Dean swallows. Has to close his eyes. Fresh tears wet his lashes. “Like—really alone. A-and…” His throat threatens to close at the word. He gets it out, but only in a whisper. “Dirty.”
The hot prickling behind his eyes finally spilled over, but Dean angrily wiped the tears away. Cas had just kissed him and Dean had wanted it and now he was laying there crying about it? That would hurt Cas so bad if he knew. Cas deserved better.
It’s been a long time since it was just Dean and Sam and Baby, parked at the side of the road, Dean and Sam sitting on Baby’s hood, watching the stars. Dean’s surrounded by his family now, and the sky is breaktaking, but he doesn’t dare take his eyes off of the treacherous ground. It’s not until they’ve fought their way up a very steep hill and Sam calls a stop so they can all catch their breath, the kid crouching down to fix a lace that had come undone, that Dean gets a good look at the tapestry of stars spread out above them.
Beside him, Cas tenses. Dean looks to the right towards where Cas is aiming his flashlight at the opposite wall. On a nest of branches, a dark mass is wriggling, twisting, swaying. As the light hits it, it starts to make confused chirping noises. Then the mass splits into two, three, four, until finally, six pairs of eyes are staring at them. The chirping turns into threatening growls and then pure chaos breaks out as all of them attack at once like they’ve got some kind of hive mind.
Sam fixes Dean with a look like they're in court and Dean is a sworn witness that Sam is about to accuse of lying.
“Dude, chew with your mouth closed. And I dunno, she didn't say.” Sam shrugs and puts his phone down like it's nothing.
A while ago, Stevie approached Dean and asked for help with her car. It was given to her as a gift from a family for saving their kids from being drowned by a spirit, but she hasn’t had the time for all the necessary upkeep. So now Dean’s got a gorgeous ‘65 Ford Thunderbird to play with.
Settling back down, Castiel puts an arm around Dean. “I apologize,” he says, endeared at how serious Dean is taking this. Unable to keep from teasing him a little, he adds, “I didn’t know romance came before personal hygiene.”
“A-a-and I guess th-that’s k-k-kinda what I w-w-was l-l-like f-f-for S-S-Sam too. Somet-t-times I w-w-was his broth-ther. Oth-ther t-times—” Dean’s throat clicks audibly as he tries to get the words out and blocks hard.
The fingers stop carding through his hair, which Dean is not on board with. He frowns and blindly tries to find the hand and put it back there. Cas chuckles, and Dean finally realizes his face is smashed into Cas's chest and the reason that it's wet under his cheek is because he drooled all over Cas's shirt.
Just like then, the moment Castiel starts walking again and his footsteps near the door, the music abruptly cuts away. When he enters their room, he sees Dean sitting cross-legged on their bed, snapping the guitar case closed.
to do that.” He pauses while Dean can do nothing but stare at him, heart in his throat. “I have left you behind enough. And I don’t want to dismiss your feelings about that anymore, or my own.”
He knows he won't see Cas again. Or any of them. There's no way he's going where Cas thinks he is. Not after everything he's done.
Cocking their head to the side when he noticed the bow in their legs, Michael ran a hand down their inner thigh. “Hm. A little unusual, but I don’t mind.”
When Eileen announces that the last one in the water will have to buy everyone dinner, she and Jack start running towards the ocean immediately. Sam is still wearing his t-shirt and his sandals and almost falls on his behind in his haste to get them off.
It’s hard to convince his brain that what he’s seeing isn’t just a trick of the retreating light. Staring at the mine entry, it’s like a part of the lengthening shadows has chosen to detach itself from the rest and is now moving out of the mine. Its blackness seems to swallow all the light that falls on it and it’s difficult to look at it directly. One moment it’s like the shadow of a snake, sliding from one stone to the next, and then it’s massive and broad like the shadow of a boulder.
He doesn’t know how long he lies there, a curled-up, snotty mess, but the weight gradually eases off his chest until he feels almost light. When he can sit up, Cas hands him a tissue from the dispenser, and then Dean tucks himself close again, seeks out Cas's mouth with his.
Dean looks down at their hands and then searches Cas's eyes. He can read sincerity there, and worry. And love.
“Sing m-m-me to sl-l-leep again tonight?” Dean pleads, all but fluttering his lashes at Castiel, as if he truly expects to be refused.
“Jack and I are leaving tonight after dinner. I thought we could um, spend some time together before then.”
“I see you survived cooking and eating the soup,” Castiel teases, forcing himself to focus on a more entertaining topic.
It’s not that he’s cold, but he feels emotionally drained and in need of comfort. The blankets in the car aren’t as soft as the ones Dean keeps piling on his—their—bed, but it still helps a little. It hasn’t occurred to him before how used he has gotten to having Dean’s warmth near him.
Cas looks puzzled for a moment and then fond, huffing out an amused breath and shaking his head lightly at Dean's antics.
Dean had never voiced this wish aloud. According to Sam, Dean could play but never seemed to have allowed himself the time to explore this hobby. It wasn’t surprising, but still made Castiel sad to hear, especially when he considered Dean’s love for music, his tactile nature, and the way doing things with his hands always seemed to calm him down.
Cas gets up and moves away, and Dean's skin prickles and his heart lurches with separation anxiety, because that's how fucked up he is. It only marginally gets better when Cas comes back and puts a cool, wet washcloth on Dean's neck. Dean searches blindly for Cas's hand and then grips it tightly when he finds it, hoping that Cas will chalk up his touchy-feely-ness to him being in pain.
With a groan, he sits back down on the bed, his head in his hands. Dean is on him immediately, holding him steady by the shoulders, ducking his head and trying to peer into his eyes.
Getting up and walking over to him, Castiel offers, deliberately loudly, "Dean, why don't you wash yourself up? You're getting flour everywhere. I can take care of the rest."
They say goodbye shortly after that, promising to keep each other updated. Molly leaves them a list with everyone she knows is missing, though she warns them it probably won’t help much since most people on the street only go by their first names or their nicknames, if anyone knows their name at all.
It's Tuesday, which means movie night, which means another good-bad thing that Dean just has to get through. He never went back to sleep last night and instead browsed vintage car forums until it was finally time to get up. So maybe he'll just fall asleep ten minutes into the movie and that'll be that.
“I’m here, Dean.” Cas's hand is cradling the back of his head, his mouth brushing Dean’s and Dean reaches for him blindly, holding on tight. “I’m here, you can let go.”
Clearing his throat and avoiding Cas's eyes, Dean tries to think of a way to explain this that won’t make him sound like a needy moron. He’s saved from having to come up with anything by a knock on the door.
Dean’s busy too though! Real busy appreciating the soothing smell of their fabric softener and the comfy thickness of their comforter. And how good their memory foam mattress is and how nice it is to be lying on it while tucked into Cas’s side! Those are all very important things to acknowledge and indulge in.
Dean digs through his pocket without lifting his head and hands the keys over to Sam. He’s beat; he spent the last hour or so stumbling along the trail in an exhausted haze, the pounding in his temples has worsened, and he just wants to escape into sleep.
He tries to give Dean a reassuring smile but then ruins it by grimacing when his grace causes another uncomfortable twinge in his chest. Before he can protest, Dean has pushed him back to lean against the headboard and lifted his legs back onto the bed. Dean tucks him in, forces the glass of water in his hands, and then stalks out the door.
"Thank you, Dean," Cas rumbles when Dean hands him his coffee. He doesn't really look up from whatever he's reading while he takes it, which Dean doesn't like, but their fingers brush, which—yeah.
Castiel frowns at him. "I get now why Dean says that it's annoying when you're right," he grumbles, and Sam laughs. He pats the bed and then makes to leave. He's already by the door by the time Castiel manages to—temporarily—swallow his irritation and thank him.
They talk little, but the silence in between isn’t uncomfortable. What little conversation there is moves in circles. Dean asks Cas if he’s sure he’s okay what with those piranha-faced dicks kidnapping him. Cas reminds him that Dean’s the one that needs rest. Since Dean doesn’t want to leave, the concern makes him defensive. And also shy, because this is Cas paying attention to him and wanting to make sure that
“Really?” Jack sounds delighted at that information. And okay, enough is enough. Dean briefly unwinds one of his arms to flip all of them off.
When the others descend the hill Dean makes to follow but notices that Cas has lingered, head tipped back, staring upwards.
The silvery hint of light at the horizon is turning to molten gold. Above them, the sky is still a dark blue, a handful of stars visible. Beside him, Dean shivers.
Cas sits down in the middle of the backseat, the kid to his left. Dean plasters himself to Cas's other side, resting his head on Cas's shoulder and immediately closing his eyes. The last thing he’s aware of is Cas putting his arm around him and the car rumbling to life under them, and then he’s out.
“When I healed Jules’s ankle earlier,” Castiel starts at length, forcing out the words, “it drained me. And that’s nothing new, but—one day it will all be gone, and I won’t be able to help Dean with his pain anymore. I will just have to—to watch, and—”
Cas immediately notices that there’s no music, and Dean lets him turn the radio on. Cas chooses a station that plays nothing but the current crap Top 40. Dean complains that each of the songs is more horrible than the one before, but Cas doesn’t agree. They bicker about it all the way to the store.
In trying to shove those thoughts away, the part of Dean that is dumb perks up again, telling him that he’s disappointed Cas doesn’t insist that what Jack said was, in fact, the correct term, because he does think of Dean as… as the one he’s committed to, the one he promises he’ll cherish and care for and never ever leave again.
The others have hung back, giving them a moment to themselves. Now, Sam’s there, wrapping an arm around Jack’s shoulders. “Of course, Jack. It’s your birthday.”
He'd never really thought about it before, but it's deeply relaxing and freeing to be surrounded by people who, as Dean would say it,
"It's great to see, isn't it?" Castiel had been so lost in thought, he didn't notice Mary sitting down next to him.
Still, Dean chugs his coffee quickly, which is a bad idea because it doesn't exactly help with how jittery he's feeling. He knows he's being kind of ridiculous but he sneaks into the shower next, and gives the kitchen and library a wide berth.
“Sammy sa-sa-says…” Dean trails off, his frown deepening. “Side… ef-f-fects,” he continues at length, his tone uncertain like he’s not only having trouble saying words he’s also struggling to remember them. “From th-the… thing-g-g.” He waves vaguely at the small bottle with swirling turquoise liquid on the nightstand beside him.
Inside the shell are some small white flower blossoms and a big pink one. It looks lovely and has a subtle, pleasant scent.
Cas sighs and leans to the side as if moving to get up. Dean instinctively tightens his hold on him but Cas only switches on the lamp on the nightstand, making Dean blink against the sudden light.
It’s only when the morning dawns that Castiel moves out of the bed and onto their balcony to watch the sun rise over the waves. He has seen it happen countless times but he can’t remember ever being able to enjoy it quite like this. The first rays of the sun warm his face and the moment could only be more perfect if Dean were by his side.
“When you fell into the water I guess? Cas immediately left heaven so he could call me. I couldn’t answer because we were busy with you already by then, so I called him back while we drove to the hospital. Judging from what he said, you thought you were
The next time he comes to, he’s sitting upright in bed, his heart is racing, his face is wet. Through the rushing in his ears, he can hear his own fractured voice, endlessly repeating the same thing, and Cas trying to calm him down.
Cas never replied to his text, so he must be out of range in heaven already. Or maybe he's finally realized that he was wrong about Dean and that he isn't worth it after all. Dean always knew it was just a matter of time.
“Can you help me with my math homework? I thought I understood, but then I… didn’t.” Jack glares at the papers like they called him a dummy and stole his lunch money.
“And believe me,” Chuck was still ranting, “this hurts me too! How am I supposed to deal with one of my favorite characters ending up
It’s ungrateful as fuck of him, he knows it is. And it’s not like he hasn’t been dealing with this for years, that he doesn’t have practice. But it’s worse now. It’s so much worse.
Eileen shakes her head. “He was just very old. I still miss him sometimes, but hunting isn’t safe for dogs. Too many ways they can get hurt.”
He knows he would have noticed if he got another message from Cas, but he just—he just needs to check. To be sure.
And Cas puts both his elbows back on the table, attention again consumed by playing what looks like Words With Friends, probably with Claire.
Watching them openly, Castiel is filled with joy for both of them. It must show on his face, because when Jack has returned to his seat and Dean catches Castiel's eyes, he instantly blushes. Turning away quickly, Dean coughs and then stands abruptly, gathering the plates and cutlery and making a beeline for the sink.
Something about the way he asks is so fucking hot it makes Dean moan. The mental image of being completely laid bare while Cas is still fully clothed has heat curl low in his belly and his dick thickens further. He has a brief moment of self-consciousness when his tee is gone, because with all the resting he’s been forced to do he’s put on weight, and his thighs have gotten meatier, his belly softer and his love handles more pronounced.
Sam thinks it might be another one of those every-part-of-the-buffalo kind of vampire nests that Donna and Jody discovered back in the day, which would explain both the quantity of people missing and the lack of bodies.
Dean glowers at Sam, but it has zero effect. Smugly munching on his stolen chocolate and his eyes lit up with mischief, Sam only seems amused.
When they step back, Dean's so embarrassed, he can barely meet Cas's eyes. There's a beat, and then Cas says, softly, "Sleep well."
that...that when you wake up in pain, you ask for me, but when I’m actually there, you flinch, because you didn’t expect me to be. I hate that you’ve learned to expect so little. And I hate that it’s partly my fault, by disappointing you again and again.”
Yeah, but Cas should at least get a thank you in return, not grouchiness. Determined to make up for it, Dean presses a kiss to Cas's neck and then draws back from the embrace enough so that Cas can see him.
Cas has his business face on, but the moment their eyes meet he stops and frowns. "Dean, what’s wrong?"
"I'll leave you two alone, then. Just came to bring you this." He bends down and puts the plate on top of the green cooler that Dean had set on the floor so he could clean the backseat.
But Cas didn’t say Yes Dean, you’re right, this is my home and I’m going to stay here in your line of sight now where I’m safe. He just squeezed Dean’s shoulder gently and then went back to watching the movie.
It wants Cas to never leave Dean’s side ever. It wants Dean to claw off their dirtied skin and never have them be touched ever again. It wants to kill everyone that’s ever put a hand on them, no matter how gentle it was.
It’s still early, and he’s only in jeans and a tee, but it’s already too warm for his liking. The upside is he gets to drive Baby with the windows down. Jack sits shotgun, content to look outside and watch the streets pass by, and it’s still a little weird to be alone with him. The kid is much closer to Sam and Cas, but then again, he
He’s barely walked three feet when the smell hits him. It’s not the stomach turning stench of rotting remains, but still carries that certain sweetness of death. Slowing down but not stopping, he lets his flashlight wander over the walls of the mine.
“Is something the matter? You've seemed... out of sorts, lately. At first I thought it was just because of Sam, but now I'm not so sure anymore.”
They're occupied with the game until it's time for lunch. After, Dean throws his Baby’s keys to Jack, who is so surprised he barely catches them.
When the plate is empty, Dean leans his head on Cas's shoulder and closes his eyes. He’s getting real sick and tired of barely being able to do anything but sleep, but he’s so tuckered out he doesn’t even have the energy to mope about it.
He can hear voices, but he can’t make sense of what they’re saying. Hands seem to be touching him everywhere but he can’t even protest. He’s heaved up and carried. When he opens his eyes, everything is blurry and confusing. It hurts. It hurts inside, why aren’t they making it stop hurting?
Dean hums an affirmative, leans his head against the edge of the tub again, and is out almost instantly.
“And?” Dean counters. He finally doesn't feel like he's starving anymore, but he's going to get the rest of the stew to go. It would be a damn shame to waste it. “Just means l-l-less w-work f-f-f-for all-l-l of us.” Dean rubs at his jaw, irritated with the way his fluency is going downhill. It’s been months but it’s still difficult to hear his words not come out right anymore.  “A-a-and unless you b-b-been sneakin' out at night, you guys h-haven't seen each other in while. So w-what gives?”
“You had what we think was a seizure in the kitchen,” Cas said carefully, watching Dean with worry. “Dean, do you not remember?”
“You done sweet-talking your car or should I come back later?” Sam points behind himself, his expression a blend of mock-disgust and amusement.
And anyway, it had all worked out fine in the end. Except, of course, Sammy has to be a little shit about it and tease Dean about having ‘caught the bug.’
Sitting down beside him on the bed, Castiel puts a comforting hand on Dean's shoulder but doesn't say anything yet. Since Dean feels everything so deeply, Castiel has learned that it greatly benefits Dean—both of them, really—when Castiel gives him time to process and sort himself out.
Exhaustion and headaches are two things Dean does not need any more of in his life, but he still stubbornly keeps on asking Castiel to help him practice.
For the next half an hour, he mostly lets the others talk theories while he keeps stuffing his face, though at a slower pace than before.
Jack nods. “I’d still like a pet. But not to take on cases, just for at home. A bunny, maybe. Or a cat.” He smiles, like the very idea excites him.
The realization about how different his life was going to be from now on only set in slowly—he couldn’t drive on his own like this. He couldn’t hunt. He couldn’t fight. How was he going to protect his family from now on? Though, with Jack dead and Cas having left, his family really only was Sam.
It only comes out of hiding once it’s located the source of the barking; seeming to morph into existence from one moment to the next. It’s on all fours, and Dean guesses standing up it’d be about seven feet tall. But even now that it looks and behaves more like a dog, something about the way it moves is just
The screen goes dark, and Dean presses the button again. He can’t be sure, but he thinks this is from before the flashbacks started, when he couldn’t bear thinking, much less talking about what he’d been through, when he was still struggling with his shattered voice and exhausted body.
Martha wags her finger at Dean. “You better eat some of those carrots y’all bought, young man,” she tells him, even though they’re about the same age.
"Wanna try out your new game?" Sam asks Jack, probably sensing that Dean needs a moment. Jack lights up.
“If it’s ever not enough—tell us. Please.” She gently squeezes his shoulder. “As for Jack—I think maybe you don’t have to worry quite so much.”
He's holding onto the little satchel tightly, but his grip relaxes when Dean, having taken off one glove, gently wraps the fingers of one hand around his wrist. "Cas. 'S j-j-just me."
Struggling to hide his disappointment, Dean flounders for a moment. “Okay, um. I’ll come help.” He starts looking for his boots but Cas holds up a hand.
Dean and Eileen can't exactly text, so Dean's a little confused until he sees she's sent him a picture. It’s from when they drove back to the motel, and, judging from the lighting, Eileen took it when they stopped for gas. The kid and Dean are both slumped against Cas, glow sticks still around their necks, fast asleep. It’s eerie to see himself bundled in Cas's suit jacket and coat, but what really gets Dean is how content Cas looks in Baby’s backseat, watching over Jack and Dean. He’s got an arm around Dean’s back and he’s looking past him at the street lights, something peaceful in his expression that just makes Dean really happy to see.
Cas hesitates with his answer long enough that Dean knows they’re going to have to rehash this particular argument in the future.
As if his body needed the reminder that it's hungry, Dean's stomach growls. Cas gets off the bed and gets Dean's clothes and Dean sits up and glares down at his belly. Goddammit but he liked lying down and being all floppy and zoned out. The motel was fine but he's missed their bed! Their sheets are better and they smell right!
Dean shoves his plate over to Sam, who takes it and shovels Dean's eggs over onto his own plate. The fuck, why doesn't he just use Dean's?
It’s not a lie exactly. Dean did like the smell—cedar wood—and on the bottle it said that it helps soothe muscle aches, which Dean has all the time now, probably from being all tense.
In the infirmary, Dean's curled up on his side in the bed furthest from the door. There’s no IV drip and no smell of puke; all good signs. The light has been dimmed but Castiel can still make out how pale and exhausted Dean looks as he shoves up his sleep mask and offers Castiel a weak smile.
He presses his hand back over his eyes, even the dim lighting of the bedside lamp too much. Castiel can see him swallow convulsively—the pain must be bad enough already that the nausea is also going strong. Sometimes it takes a while to get to this point, other times it overcomes Dean so quickly they barely have time to get everything ready.
in the heart of our family.” Cas squeezed Dean’s fingers, voice wavering with emotion. “And that was not because Dean the hunter was gone, our leader and protector. It’s because
When Cas nods, staring at Dean like he can’t believe there could be anything better than this, Dean applies more lube to Cas's dick, making him squirm, and then lifts himself out of Cas's lap enough to guide his dick between Dean’s asscheeks.
Dean pays for his items himself and doesn't help at all with putting their haul back into the cart. He seems to be taking special care to hide his cookie cutters from Castiel, not that Castiel is at all interested in the things.
“What the fuck,” Sam is saying, staring aghast at the snowman before him. It’s even taller than him, has a stack of papers that say “Files” under its arm and is wearing a frown and frozen lettuce for hair. There’s a nameplate hung around its neck that reads
Shortly after the lasagna is in the oven, his family is drawn to the kitchen by the smell. Cas is the last to arrive when they've all already sat down to eat—he drops a kiss into Dean's hair and then frowns down at his plate.
Dean grumbles something unintelligible in reply. He somehow manages to snuggle even closer and starts playing with the capybara pin attached to Castiel’s chest pocket.
Straightening, Cas looks around like he’s securing a perimeter to make sure none of the things used the distraction to sneak up on them, and then, eyes narrowing, he zeros in on Dean. Feeling like his hand got caught in a cookie jar he didn’t even know existed in the first place, Dean freezes halfway on his way to the fence and the mine shafts, and Cas crosses the distance between them with determined strides.
He’s still not really good at it, but something that Dean likes about signing is that he doesn’t have to talk out loud at all if he doesn’t want to. Plus, he just really likes talking to Eileen. She’s funny and smart and she can hold her own. Seeing her with Sammy makes Dean feel like he finally doesn’t have to worry so much about Sam’s future anymore. Especially now that her name’s etched on their family table too—that basically means forever. Right?
Pulling it over his head messes his hair up worse than it already was. He runs his fingers through it a couple times and then decides that whatever it looks like now will have to be good enough.
tired. It’d be so easy to lie down in bed and nest himself under the covers and forget about everything for a while. Be kind of nice actually.
They keep him in for observation until the next day, and the entire time Dean expects Sam to start yelling at him at any moment, but he never does. Dean figures that means Sam is really,
Dean had listened but not quite known what to make of it all. As soon as they took care of Chuck, they could go look for a spell to fix Dean, right?
When they reach it, Cas puts Dean’s backpack down, and he must have smuggled even more stuff in there than Dean thought because he somehow conjures up what looks like Dean’s purple flannel. Dean puts it on and is still cold, so Cas takes off his suit jacket and trenchcoat that he’d put back on when they retrieved their stuff, and bundles Dean up in them.
Dean tries to sound suggestive, but either he can't pull it off or Cas is just too damn oblivious, because he's just looking at Dean earnestly.
Clumsily, he reaches inside the inner pocket of his coat and pulls out the small satchel he's been carrying around with him for days now.
He’s feeling less smug when they stand in front of the entry to the left mine shaft. The sun is setting, painting the boulders a deep reddish orange, making the darkness in front of them appear like a chasm.
“Of course I am,” he says, speaking the truth. “Why wouldn’t I be?” Frowning, he tries to think back over their conversation but he can’t find the thread that led to this.
“Why is it so dark in there?” Jack is asking. He’s watching a platypus swim in the water with wide-eyed wonder, reminding Dean of Sammy as a kid, ever curious and eager to learn. It makes Dean smile.
He must have made some kind of noise because Cas looks up at him. “Hey,” he says, his smile soft but his eyes worried. There’s a bruise on his temple and blood splattered over his shirt. He takes Dean’s face in his hands and, slowly, gently, presses four kisses against his mouth, not seeming to mind that Dean can barely kiss back.
Cas is silent for so long that Dean finally risks opening his eyes. It hurts, and he has to blink away moisture to be able to see Cas at all. Cas is studying Dean, and he looks kind of alarmed, so Dean hastily adds, “It's n-n-n-nothing b-b-b-bad, okay? Quit l-l-looking at me like I'm ab-b-bout to b-b-break up with you, it's n-n-not that.”
“I said Yes, Cas,” Dean interrupts him, not understanding why he's so angry about it. A tear drops off his jaw and lands on his fist where it’s tightly clenched in his blanket.
Dean starts to clean up the baking stuff so dinner prep can finally start. Cas is still munching his cookie and they're alone and good and—maybe—
Used to his antics, Martha snorts and shakes her head, smiling in amusement. “Your husband is quite the sweet-talker, gotta say.”
He's making popcorn on autopilot, eyes burning with fatigue, when suddenly Cas appears at his side and puts a hand on Dean's back. Pretending to be overly startled, Dean shifts away from the touch, then turns towards Cas and offers him a smile.
Dean checks his phone while Jack’s in the bathroom. Sam has added photos to all of his contacts so Dean can see who is calling or messaging him. The text thread with a photo of Cas squinting into the camera is blinking with a notification for a new voice message. Dean fishes the headphones he keeps on himself all the time now out of his jeans and plucks them in his phone, then hits play.
Cas puts a hand on Dean's back but instead of defending his honor he says, with a solemnity that's completely uncalled for, “It's his favorite sleeping position.”
The waves are already washing over their feet when Dean suddenly sucks in a sharp breath and falters, his grip on Castiel tightening. He stops and looks almost panicked for a moment.
Predictably, Cas rolls his eyes and sighs long-sufferingly, but he does snatch the cookie out of Dean’s hand. Ha! Victory.
There’s a couple of shampoo and shower gel bottles next to the tub. Castiel nudges Dean awake, coaxes him to sit up a little. Craning his neck to see what Castiel is doing, Dean starts to smirk when Castiel selects a shower gel that has essential oil mixed into it and squirts some into his palm.
Cas holds him tighter, and Dean listens to his heartbeat and watches the stars until he can’t keep his eyes open any longer.
In their room, Cas changes into Dean-approved cuddle clothes, which means he wears what Dean is wearing—sweatpants and a hoodie with nice, non-icky texture, thank you very much. He sits down on the bed, leaning against the headboard, and Dean makes himself at home between his legs, back to chest.
Mollified, Dean settles back against him and sighs contentedly when Cas resumes stroking his hair. He floats on the simple, uncomplicated pleasure of affection until something nags at his mind that he’d been meaning to check on but then wasn’t given the chance to.
And Dean got that, he did, but it all came back to one thing for him—how was he supposed to kick God’s ass and protect Sammy when he couldn’t even trust his own body not to fail him at any moment?
“C-C-Cas, c-c-can we—” Dean cuts himself off to clear his throat, struggling to keep his emotions from fucking up his already fucked up voice further. “When th-this sh-sh-shitshow is over,” he gestures at his head while still keeping his eyes closed, “a-a-a-and Sam isn't ab-b-bout to c-c-come b-b-b-bargin' into the room, c-c-can we talk?”
Dean sighs internally, cursing the marshmallow he apparently has for a heart, but he smiles and claps Jack on the back gently.
Dean watches him approach the kids, silently hoping that they don’t turn out to be jerks. It’s embarrassing how much tension leaves him when they immediately flock to Jack, smiling and by the looks of it all talking over each other. At some point, Jack turns and points over at Dean. Dean smiles and waves awkwardly, feeling like a soccer mom.
It was only when Castiel one day came home from an errand earlier than Dean must have anticipated that he found out Dean does play it—but only when he thinks himself alone.
Rolling so he can hide his face against Cas's stomach, Dean loops both arms around his waist and holds on tight.
For a beat, it seems like Sam is the one who's going to throw something after all, he looks that angry. But then his expression shutters off, and he turns on his heel. “I need some air.” He grabs his key card and his phone and then marches out and slams the door behind him.
