Sherlock complied, raising his arms so as to allow the doctor to bind his chest with the gauze wrapping. The cuts had ceased bleeding, however they were open nonetheless and susceptible to irritation and infection. First aid handled and clothing gathered, the pair headed up stairs to retrieve another shirt for Sherlock. It was already well into the morning and the night had passed without rest. Each man felt this most profoundly in their bodies for not only had they not rested, but the whole of the eve had been eventful. John did not want Sherlock going back to the hidden room in his state, so instead he steered them to his own room. After some protest, Sherlock put on one of John's undershirts and stood wearily in the middle of the room.
"I'll have..." John began, but was cut off abruptly.
"A private library," John said as he looked around. He put his tea down on an obliging side table. The walls were solid lines of books, many being first additions and rare finds. He examined the brimful shelves. There were even holds for scrolls and parchment, now left to sit and gather dust, the pages yellowed and frail.
Just a quick note, this chapter gets a little intense. Get ready...here we go...
John laughed, which made Sherlock laugh. He liked that Sherlock was making more attempts at humor. Most of them were with him, but it was good practice for use in the general public.
Remember, you have to feed her.
His perceived disregard of the situation only incited John's anger and he stopped, "Look who's talking about guilt!"
Sherlock stared at him evenly. He loathed the idea of entertaining the public. He was a consulting detective, not a ballerina. Still, his affection for their landlady and sense of responsibility for her protection overrode his loathing and he reluctantly agreed.
Please, it says one September day
"That much was recorded," he repeated, the wheels in his head turning, "What else was recorded, I wonder."
There was no immediate reply.
Sherlock nodded, shaking slightly, and allowed the rest of the material to be removed from his torso. He was most definitely not all right, not in the least. The man had just faced down a pack of wolves with his bare hands to defend his best friend and almost lost his life in the process. That best friend whom he had previously drugged and locked up in a dilapidated castle in the middle of nowhere. And all of this while investigating a three thousand year old murderous fairytale curse, which may be taking hold of him entirely. He was shaking, cold, tired, and visibly unsettled. His mind was reeling, beset by the information at hand. He sat on the edge of the seat, his hands fidgeting, the firelight playing upon his pale skin.
"Well, it sounds like it's all sorted. We better get to work on the show. Sherlock..." Lestrade turned to the consulting detective and said with a degree of satisfaction, "Get out."
"The petals aren't going to fall. We are going to figure something out," he patted at Sherlock's hand with the soft cloth. Outwardly, he was calm and collected. Inside his stomach was consumed with knots.
John swallowed hard. Where could Sherlock have gone? He must be in the house, for he knew the consulting detective was loathe to leave it. He ran out of the room and into the dimly lit hallway. He decided that he would search the main rooms of the house first. Perhaps he had gone to the kitchen or the study. Those rooms proved to be empty as well. Leaving the kitchen, he faintly heard music coming from an unknown source. He followed his ears, and they lead him to the ballroom. Cautiously and stealthily he approached the door. It was open a bit and he pushed it slowly, peering inside. The scene playing out before him would soon have him transfixed. It was strange, but humorous, and somehow magnificent; something that might grace the pages of a storybook, but did not happen in modern day.
"What?"
John reached the large wooden door first and unlocked the iron bolt. What greeted him next was completely unforeseen. A crowd of a dozen or so people stood outside the manor, some at the bottom of the stairs, some littered upon them. Some he recognized from the pub and some he did not. Some wore faces of stone and mortar, and some fear and apprehension. The one thing he could not help but notice was the leader of the group standing before him; red shirt opened at the neck, brown pants sporting a gun holstered and half hidden at his side, his boots shined as if they had never seen a rainy day. He remembered the man well, and the superior and confrontational look he held was no different than the evening they had met in the pub.
He really did. Resigned to the fact that Sherlock would undoubtedly ascertain his password and use the blasted thing whenever convenient, and sometimes even when not, he changed the password just to see how long it would take Sherlock to figure it out. This time was much shorter than expected.
No matter, he thought.
"Yeah, but even if we don't tell him the story, the freak will still figure it out. No one will want to see that," Donovan replied, "How do we know anyone will show up for this, anyway?"
Sherlock pulled back once again, his body retreating from the warmth that was John's. The same look he had not moments before was back. He gripped John's collar tighter, "Not real?" He slammed him against the bedpost, "Am I not real to you?" He twisted the fistfuls of shirt with white knuckles and reddened fingertips, "No heart, no emotion. Does that make me nonexistent in this world? Does that make me wrong?!?" He continued to slam him back with every new sentence. Suddenly the language stopped and only the physicality of the onslaught remained.
His eyes met John's.
John followed, grabbing his tea and taking a large drink. He was going to need the caffeine. At least Sherlock had calmed a bit, though it may be a long night if he couldn't convince him to shut up and take a break. Entering the other room, he found the consulting detective sitting sprawled out in one of the ragged chairs, his hands rubbing his temples.
"Sherlock..." the lady put the bag on the counter and walked over to the consulting detective. She gave him a brief but firm hug, squeezing his shoulders a bit before letting go.
John took his bag to his room and began to unpack, musing over the past few days. The visit with Harry had gone rather well. Though it was her birthday, she stuck to cola and water. She really seemed to be giving it her best shot at sobriety. He had actually enjoyed some of the time he had spent with her. The sparkling smile and flip of her dirty blond tresses reminded him of when they were children at play in the yard. Harry always got them into trouble. She had always had a plan, and a subsequent joke when said plan did not work out to their benefit. This time, there was no plan. This visit had been about doing what was best and following a mellow schedule. They sat, they joked, they watched nostalgic movies on the telly. It had been a very calm few days, not at all the norm for most visits, and John had not minded in the least. In this case, not at all the norm was just perfect. In the end, he had hugged his sister tightly and wished her the happiest of birthdays as he left to return to 221B Baker St. What he had not expected was an empty flat when he got there.
Sherlock stared at John in that quizzical way, when he's meant to answer a question posed to his mind and not his mind palace. John retuned the stare as level as he could. He knew the answer. You don't live with Sherlock Holmes and not pick up a few skills on deduction. Add to that his knowledge of his friend; he had a fairly good idea of the reason for said excursion.
"Ready?" John asked, letting go of his breath.
Now they had seen it. And I say 'they' only because at that moment sparkling beams of light began to fall around the couple. And I say 'couple' because despite the distracting and blinding light surrounding the veranda, John came to feel the move of Sherlock's neck, then his shoulders. A deep breath followed and John found himself looking into the clever and tender sea-green eyes of Sherlock Holmes. Now it was his turn to stop breathing. Not in a troublesome way, but in the way in which one finds themselves bereft of air due to their lungs filling with raw emotion. He choked on whatever words may have thought they could sneak out. There was just no place for them here.
Pulling back, Sherlock's voice was low and easy, "That was quite a spectacle you made happen in there."
"Ready," came the sturdy reply.
Sherlock was dressed in a dark blue suit, his jacket hugging his form over a white collared shirt, open to the second button. He had not noticed the chill before, but now that John mentioned it, there was a coolness about the room. He remembered there was a fire still burning in the pit in the parlor adjacent to the lobby and restaurant.
"Things have been going so well. I'm surprised. I was a little skeptical when John first called. Although, we'll see what the freak does tomorrow night. It should be entertaining, if nothing else," Donovan said.
"It's strange," John's voice cut through the chilled air in clouds of white, "I noticed it when I came in as well. There shouldn't be roses blooming at this time of year."
That was about the best response I could have hoped for, vague though it was. Still, I decided to leave early that day. As I rode in the cab, I felt fairly good about the whole thing. Of course Sherlock was fine with her. He was a right prat sometimes, but he loved her and would not allow any harm to come to her. He had babysat before, though usually with help or only for a short time. I wondered as I stared at the buildings passing by what the two of them had gotten up to. The thought of Sherlock playing with dolls on the floor with a cheerfully babbling little girl brought a rather amused grin to my face. I half hoped that I would walk in on a scene like that. And though I would want to remark in a sarcastic fashion, the warm feeling it would give me would win out. I imagined myself slowly sitting down next to the both of them, creaking knees and all, and taking Rosie in my lap. I’d give her a tight squeeze that she’d only tolerate for a second before pushing me away. She was always so busy and the chance to play with her dolls on the floor would be the priority in her two year old mind.
But the song was about at an end and this snapped the former soldier out of his absorption. Mycroft's eyes followed his path as he turned and ran back to the side door of the stage. Just as he reached the curtain, Lestrade came into view on center stage announcing the night's performance. John breathed a sigh of relief. Just then the red velvet curtain flew back and in walked Sherlock with a flourish. The close proximity was unavoidable and they met face to face as the air around them turned to molasses. John swung his arm around Sherlock's neck and pulled him behind the Christmas tree set just beside the curtain. In one smooth move, a passionate kiss was laid upon his lips and the hold upon him tightened lest he attempt to play his fervor false. That, however, would not be the case this night. The game that was afoot was not just that of mystery and play; it was an homage to friendship and an act of love.
The world effectively shut out for the moment, he ushered the failing man toward the study where he could sit and be examined. Sherlock's footsteps were heavy, labored, and the arm slung over the shorter man's shoulders was a worrying burden. It was as if the last of his energy was being taken from him by some force beyond their reckoning. In the middle of the marble foyer, he wilted. Down to one knee he fell, humbled in position.
John got up and followed him out the double doors and into the parlor. It was surrounded on two sides by picture windows. The embers of the fire reflected warmly in the glass panes. The whole room was dimly lit by a few vintage lamps that accompanied the firelight. The pit itself was surrounded by benches where floral seats were topped with green and red cushions. The entire lodge was reminiscent of the 1950s. It wasn't that it had not been updated, but the style was very much from a different time. It was inviting and peaceful. It seemed to fit, and at the moment, Sherlock seemed to fit with it. A softer intonation had found its way into his voice and mirth lay only partially hidden behind his eyes.
He paused, "Thank you."
This turned out to be folly. The car sat where John had left it, however the hood was up and the sabotage apparent.
"I can't believe this; he's really not going to show up," John paced back and forth on stage left. The crowd had gathered and was still entering the restaurant. The buzz could be heard and it all was for Sherlock. Mrs. Hudson had returned that afternoon. She almost fainted from shock at all of the folks who were checking in. Every room in the Colombia Lodge was full up. People were still flocking in for afternoon cocktails, hoping to catch a glimpse of the famous consulting detective when John let her in on their little secret. Sweet tears of thankfulness filled her eyes and she hugged him so tightly he thought she might never let go. He wished Sherlock had been there for the surprise as well, but he remained MIA.
"My mother," he began, "she loved Bing Crosby. It was her favourite Christmas album. Sometimes when I couldn't sleep, she would sing it to me."
John had no words. This was not the Sherlock he knew; the wall shooting, case solving, beyond observant, high-functioning sociopath that lived with him at 221B Baker Street. Though this Sherlock professed to be an emotionless monster, uninhibited emotion was all there was to be seen. There was a yearning, a raw passion in his eyes that rose from within. He existed in it; and when he brought it down with him once again, rubbing his cheek against the other man's, John responded in kind. He moved to meet Sherlock's face, feeling the soft skin caress against his own. Sherlock's grip on his wrists became less and less for there was no longer a need for restraint. Or was there.
"You need rest or you'll end up like the others!" He shot back, his voice raising. He was up and out of his chair before he could stop himself. Lack of sleep and stress of the situation taking hold of his countenance.
‘I can’t protect Rosie, not all the time. What if…’ The thought came to me, as it often did. It was a fear that I could never explain to anyone who had not experienced it first hand. It is a constant companion, popping in at any moment. I suppose that is the plight of a parent.
"No," John cut off bluntly, "No, no one..."
They turned to walk onto the stage hand in hand. Blood humming in their veins,  they took their places. The lights went up, and when they went down once again, the crowd was on their feet in a roar. Everyone had played their part to a T, even Sherlock, and they all ran off stage smiling and patting each other on the back. The mystery was a success.
As Sherlock attempted to sit up in protest, his body proceeded to issue him firm instructions to lie back down. He winced in pain and flopped back onto the pillow, "John, it's cold, and you have not slept for twenty four hours. You just pulled me through two miles of forest in the dead of winter. Come over here and lie down, or go in the next room. I promise I won't go anywhere."
Looking on when you are blue
"Bed," John pointed to his bed, receiving a wrinkle-nosed look from his friend. But he shot a look back that meant business and the consulting detective caved. Exhaustion was finally taking him. He headed over and pulled back the crimson coverlet. The sheets were cold and so was he. Begrudgingly he slipped underneath them. Soon they would be warm as ever, and the comfort was already beginning to lull him into a haze of sleep. The torments in his mind slowed to a halt.
At lunch I texted:
The meaning was clear, "Then what are we waiting for?" John turned and walked back out of the room, Sherlock in tow.
"Well, that stands to reason," Phil said pragmatically. Sherlock sent him an irritated look, but the boy continued, "I think it's a rather nice thing to do."
"A break. Maybe it would be best to go see about a room in town? Get away from here and clear your head. You might even solve the case if you were detached for a while."
Of need and peace, of how and why
"I was in another part of the house," his eyes darted up and down, and his head lolled from side to side. It was like a cat sizing up a creature of quarry before it, and it struck John as odd.
~~~~~
"Ok," he moved on, "Let's have a look at what you have found so far, yeah?"  John walked past the stagnant detective into the hallway and pointed to the doors on either side, "Which one is yours?"
"I never dream of liverwurst.." Sherlock replied straight faced. Then a half smile creeped onto his lips.
By the following evening, John was becoming slightly anxious. There was still no sign of Sherlock and he had not so much as received a text from him since the day after John had left to visit his sister. And that text was only an undisguised attempt to bait him to come out to the manor. John rang up Lestrade to see if he had heard anything or set Sherlock on another case. He had not heard from Sherlock since the week prior either. He was wondering a bit as well about the lack of communication. Normally, Sherlock would seek him out when he became too bored to be in the same room with himself and needed a distraction. John told Lestrade about the case he had taken recently. John could practically hear the DI's eyes widen, the surprise evident in his voice. He had seen the castle on a reality show a long time ago. It had depicted the location as extremely haunted and detailed it's macabre history.
John struggled with the crude rope above his head. It was tied with knots fit for military inspection and he could not free his hands from it. They were losing a bit of feeling as well and he inched further up on the bed to attempt to regain all dexterity. His hands had been tied together with a single tie to the headboard. His feet had been bound as well, but luckily they were not tied to any part of the bed. If he could get one hand free, that would be all he would need to untie the rest and make his escape. He needed to get out of there as soon as possible. There was certain danger here and Sherlock needed his help. He was sure that the consulting detective was still in the house, but what concerned him was where and in what state. John had awoken with a mild headache, most likely due to whatever concoction was slipped to him earlier. His head was still a trifle fuzzy, but he was focused now and working as fast as he could. His heels dug into the mattress and his fingers ached with strain. Getting out was what mattered; getting to safety was what mattered.
"And the liverwurst?" John asked amused.
xxxxxx
"Why have you come?" His tone was low and warning. He took another step, "You've come to see me, have you? To see if the beast was still alive?" His voice was growing as was his stance. John held out his arm as if to calm the situation, though he feared this may be impossible.
Molly Hooper ran backstage to congratulate everyone. Her excitement was genuine; she had been so dismayed when she was unable to participate. Now, having seen the excellent job they had done, and the sheer joy on Mrs. Hudson's face, she could hardly contain herself. She gave Sherlock a big hug and kissed him on the cheek. Stepping back, her cheeks flushed and she barely squeaked out an apology before Lestrade came up and embraced her. The consulting detective cocked his head to one side. He always felt awkward when someone hugged him.
John laughed. This was just like the movies.
"You're not a beast," John called out, his voice found. But only the iron door hinges responded in their wind-ravaged way and it quieted him, "You're not a beast," he repeated softly.
Sherlock turned his attention to John, "I realized it would have been unethical to delay the capturing of the murderer in order to avoid the company of my brother. I suppose I will have to endure it," Sherlock's nose wrinkled as he grumbled out the words.
John leaned against the wall, his head lolling to one side, arms crossed in front of his chest. He watched and was settled. He could not figure why, but he felt more at ease in this moment than he had the whole time he had been in this strange place. This was a rather peculiar sight, but it was happy and it was bright. Whatever gave Sherlock the impetus to steal away to the ballroom gave John a tender grip of hope. He mused and he smiled. His mind wandered back to the flat, to times jovial and dangerous. Where danger meant murderers and late-night chases, not wolves and eerie castles. Where they sat in comfy chairs over tea and ushered in the next client. Where a disturbance at two in the morning usually meant a bout of insomnia and a violin concerto. John's grey-blue eyes went to that fuzzy place where one's mind smiled just so and things like vision are of no consequence. Suddenly, a hand was extended before him, shocking him into focus, and he looked up to see Sherlock smiling back. His eyes gleamed, his cheeks rosy from the dance. John chuckled at himself.
"Well now, there's the pot and the kettle. Still, it beats living room target practice," John handed Sherlock another gin, "Cheers."
“I know, I…”
A look of concern crossed Sherlock's face briefly, and then he had a thought, something he remembered from long ago.
"His cruelty?" John thought out loud.
xxxxxx
Just then, the opening music began to play.
"You were going to ask where I have been all night followed by have I found anything of importance. Since the first question is of no consequence and leads into the answer of the second I feel it prudent to skip the small talk and inform you that I have indeed solved the case."
John sighed, exasperated, "Look, we are not going to get very far like this, and frankly, it's getting a little odd. Now, what information have you collected? Where have you been working?" He squinted at his friend, a thought entering his head, "Are you alright? Been sleeping much?"
"I, uh, I don't dance," he was not sure if Sherlock was serious, but he flushed at the thought, absurd thing that it was.
"Don't tell me you've looked through all these," he joked.
John was dumbfounded at the admission. Sherlock rarely shared intimate information. Most of the time he had found things out from Mycroft or Mrs. Hudson.
"Hold still or it'll hurt more," John admonished.
"Why what?" Sherlock replied, placing his violin on his lap.
And then there was the music. John did not recognize the waltz that filled his ears. It was as grand as the ballroom in which he now stood. It beckoned him inside to hear it better, though he did not wish to disturb the dancing form before him. Sherlock waltzed, holding the air as if someone shared the dance with him. His manner was calm now and focused. His eyes closed every so often as if he danced in and out of a dream. It was a far cry from where John had left him. His clothing had changed as well. John could no longer see the white shirt as it was covered by a handsome frockcoat of navy and silver. The embroidered garlands adoring the chest, collar, and cuffs glinted in the light. It hugged his form perfectly, as if it had been specially tailored. Slim and beautiful it moved, he moved. Rhythm, perfection; the melody seemed to follow him instead of the other way around.
Finally, John thought. But the thought came slowly as well. In fact, everything began to slow down substantially and a haze set over the room. His vision began to disappear into a dark void. As the floor moved closer toward his head, the last thing he saw was Sherlock leap from his chair and slide to catch him. Though braced for a hard hit, his landing was soft, and then there was nothing.
"A plan? A plan for what?"
"I did not mean for you to reply, it was only an approval," John wanted to smile, but his face would not allow it. For the smile would be a betrayal of sincerity and this moment held too much within it to allow such a ruin.
The weight of his confession, great and mournful that it was, pulled him down to rest atop Sherlock's chest as it gave it's final release and stopped all together. He felt it. Deep inside him it felt true and horrific in it's ceasing. The world seemed to stop along with that breath and the silence, that should never have been there, was like a wave crashing around him. It was deafening, matched only by the sound of his own cries to the midday sun. He forgot everything then, clutching Sherlock and holding him tight to his chest. It occurred to him that perhaps, by some strange force, the one that made this nightmare a reality to begin with would transfer his life to the lifeless. If one chest heaved with enough sorrow, perhaps the other would hear and come to its rescue. These were thoughts that normally would not have entered the mind of a military physician in a moment such as this. However, the past few weeks had proven that normal was anything but, and what one sees may only be their truth due to a deplorable lack of visibility on the counterpart. Admitting the reality of this was not done lightly, but John in all his skepticism, saw it. The fantastic was here, not imprisoned in the delicate pages of a book nor on a parchment of whimsical prose.
Standing by the bar, Sherlock's parents held each other, beaming with pride. Their boys were together on Christmas, each doing good in their own way. Without a look above, they kissed, mistletoe be damned.
"Oh, we take it in during the evening. Do you think you'll be staying long? I do hope Sherlock doesn't take too long to sort out this murder mess. Between that and the weather, we've had next to no business. Leastways not the normal holiday traffic."
"I am...sorry," Sherlock whispered, his voice deep and gentle.
"She always makes sure we have something to eat. She always makes sure to scold us when we don't sleep..."
He knew. He knew I had been thinking about Mary. His voice sounded breathless, as if it were taking all he had to express what was on his mind. Nevertheless, he stood tall. He had not been in the wrong, and he knew it, but he was not one to lord it over me.
"A break..." Sherlock repeated.
"Gaston, leave him to his meal. Come sit back with us," she coaxed, looking at him from under thick, mascara-laden eyelashes, "We want to hear about your last hunting trip..."
"I am...sorry," Sherlock's voice, deep and forlorn, resounded in the room as if it were a concert hall.
He breathed out, holding back his annoyance, and responded, "Why don't we start fresh in the morning."
Send.
"There was a rose found at every murder, except the first. There was no rose there. Why? Where was his rose?"
"John, have you eaten today?"
He knew.
"Why this case?" if he couldn't get him off of deduction, at least getting him talking about the case would be a welcome and necessary reprieve.
All the things you’d like to be
"Mycroft," John said with surprise. He had invited all of the Holmes', but he had not expected this particular one to show, "I'm sorry, I'd love to exchange insults with you, but I'm looking for Sherlock. It's almost time for..."
"What happened here, Sherlock?" John asked hesitantly.
John rubbed his face with his hands and banged his head back against the couch.
"You want me to stop?" Sherlock growled in return. He leaned in, brushing his cheek against John's, "Why?" Sherlock's breath was hot on his neck and John shivered unconsciously at the feeling. Sherlock brought his body to rest against the man he held in front of him. He could feel the involuntary tremor and heated skin, "You betray yourself."
"It seems that this house has more to it than meets the eye," he began. Though John was tempted to make a snide remark, he held his tongue as this was the longest sentence he had heard since his arrival, "The reason I have not required the room adjoining yours is that I have found a hidden room. The young master, the original victim, his room," John's eyebrows raised, but he remained silent, "It is in the West Wing. The entrance does not appear to have been meant to be secret, but was covered up at a later date. Perhaps by the original owner, but more likely by one of the subsequent owners who succumbed," he took a drink of tea from the cup to his left, setting it down and cupping it with his other hand. His eyes followed his hands, but soon rose to meet John's, "Would you like to see it?"
John could see this was going nowhere good and stepped forward himself, putting a hand to Sherlock's chest to steady him. The detective faltered and leaned into the touch unwittingly. John caught the slight weakness and his shoulder dropped a bit allowing the strength of his body to bear more of the weight. The small wound on his shoulder reopened and the white open collared shirt had fallen to expose the angry bite mark, now dotting scarlet red drops over his skin. Gaston mounted the steps and pulled the collar further, but before he could examine the mark, Sherlock was upon him. With the strength of three men he held Gaston by his collar until his feet lifted from the floor.
It was fine, it was all fine. He remembered those words, spoken over a candlelit table the first time they took a case together. Then, it had been an attempt to settle the tension. He supposed it was the same now as well. John was abruptly torn from his thoughts as Sherlock's knees rose up under him and cradled his hips. It was an unfamiliar feeling. The smaller man's legs were now astride pale ribs, trapping them between his thighs. He gave up control in order to explore the newfound possibilities. But it was not enough. In fact, it enticed his partner further. Sherlock recoiled and deftly began working at the opening of John's pants, the movements frantic.
John looked over from the revelry, only just coming out of a firm hug from Lestrade himself. His eyes widened and he slowly came to stand alongside Sherlock, "Would you look at that."
And John did just that. Sherlock waited at the door and then proceeded to lead John up the imposing staircase. The halls were lined with old paintings and aged suits of armor. It looked like something out of a fairytale. John had never seen anything like it. Did places like this really still exist in this day and age? He looked at the armor, gazing at the helmets as he passed by. He almost thought that they would turn to look after them as they walked. This was a silly thought, but it made him smile nonetheless.
"When it was built," Lestrade recounted, "I don't know, in the 1700s? Anyway, a family of rank owned it; a mother, a father, and their only son, plus their staff lived there. The story goes that the parents died and left the son with only the attendants. Well, being secluded, wealthy, and having a wait staff, he got spoiled, selfish, and all that. Somehow, he gets engaged, but on the eve of their wedding, he goes crazy and kills his fiancé. Not long after, the servants found him dead as well. The story says that some of the staff witnessed him at the door earlier that week speaking to an old beggar woman. Though the night was dark and the sky filled with thunder, he refused the old woman a place to stay. The accounts say his voice was filled with disgust, though that was not uncommon for the self-serving young man. The woman had then offered him a rose in return for lodging; it appeared to be all she had to give. The young lord laughed and threw the rose out into the rain. Then they see this bright light, right? And they could swear they heard another woman speaking, as if she was putting a curse on the man. When the door slammed shut, the force of the wind blew out the surrounding candles. Though dark, the servants saw their Lord as some sort of beast. He covered his face and ran to his room. After that, no one saw him alive again."
Suddenly, the door flew open with a forceful gust of wind that blew the flames back against the ashen bricks of the hearth. It had startled John quite absolutely; until he turned and realized who was standing there, coat in a flourish around his legs.
"Wait, what did you just say?" John cut off the introduction to what could have been a very long rant.
"What's all this?" John said, holding his ground in front of the door.
Donovan stepped in then, overhearing the conversation and coming to understand that the game had not yet been revealed, "Anderson didn't tell you?"
"Of course," came the apprehensive reply.
I stalked over and grabbed her, pulling her up and away from the beaker-strewn table, “What is all of this? I ask you for one thing, Sherlock, one thing,” I paused, the rage boiling inside, “All you had to say was that you had plans, or you needed to work. I could have made other arrangements, I could have…” I sighed, trying to calm myself, but it was no use, “She’s two, Sherlock! You can’t allow a toddler around dangerous experiments, let alone having her assist. For a genius, you are bloody ignorant.”
"The only true account of what happened the night of the murder was in Lawrence Hawkes journal. In reading this, I would normally have been inclined to say that he suffered from some form of delusion. However, being that there have been numerous murders since, and including my own altered state, I must conclude that the account is, at least in part, true," he explained.
"He'll be here," Lestrade assured him.
"What are you doing?" He screamed back at the raging man.
"We need a little more lube before I can have you," John's voice rumbled in his throat and made Sherlock shiver with anticipation. He had never heard a desire-slicked voice come out of his flatmate. It was intoxicating. So was the next move John made. He knelt and then straddled Sherlock's neck and shoulders, his own cock painfully hard and hovering before Sherlock's clever mouth.
"How do you know that song?" John asked in a whisper.
"And what does Mrs. Hudson think of all of this?" Donovan pursued.
"Sherlock!" John grabbed his arm and stepped forward so as to come face to face, "What is going on?"
John thought a moment, then sighed. He did not want to leave Sherlock alone until they figured out what was happening, but he desperately needed to sleep. It was true, he would not get much rest curled up in the old chair. He reluctantly went over to the bed and slid in beside Sherlock. The bed was large enough that they did not want for space. Each laid on their back on their own side looking at the ceiling. Mutually, they were mildly uncomfortable, but the fatigue of the day and night soon caught up with them and sleep was met with contentment.
Just then, John bursted out of the lodge, walking full speed toward the two as they sat on a wooden bench overlooking the countryside. His face was lined with anger and his body language meant business.
"Why do I have to be the victim?" Anderson whined.
In an instant, the heavy door was pulled open the rest of the way and Sherlock appeared looking intense and agitated. The crowd took an instinctual step back, but Gaston's eyes were the only thing that betrayed his particular resolve. Sherlock stepped forward. He was dressed in black trousers and the same navy and silver jacket from the night in the ballroom. A white shirt accompanied it and he would have appeared quite spectacular if not for the disheveled look plaguing his form. The townspeople gasped, for he was much changed.
Christmas Eve came to the little lodge just on the outskirts of Weymouth. It was ushered in like a gentleman entering a room of awaiting celebrants. The holly was hung, the  lamps alight, and a starry sky blanketed the world. The chill upon the air was as sharp as the mood behind the curtains of the small stage. The cast was all gathered, with one exception.
The garden fell into a knowing silence.
Bledlow itself was small and quaint. The rolling, green hills proved to be a most serene backdrop for his drive and he felt more at ease because of it. Houses became few and far between and if one looked off the side of the road, tall grasses and meandering streams would be there to greet tiring eyes. It was getting to be evening when John arrived in the town and a cold drizzle had begun. He stopped in at the local pub to get a bite to eat, not to mention inquire around if anyone had seen his elusive flatmate. He walked in, shaking the slight dampness from his jacket and hanging it on the iron coat rack. Turning from the door with the intention to walk to the bar and sit, he noticed the whole of the pub staring at him. He shifted uncomfortably, but smiled and nodded.
"Mmmm, try something more challenging next time, would you? Exasperating, really," he turned the laptop to face John.
Sherlock shifted and audibly sucked in a breath of air. I could tell that he wanted to say something, but his lips shut again tightly. When he looked at me, his face was a storybook. Unfortunately, the language to read it was not within my grasp. All I could do was follow him as he walked around the other side of the table, into the living room, and out the front door. He hadn’t even missed a step when he grabbed his coat and scarf from the hook. The door slammed behind him noisily. He never said a word.
Sherlock ripped the book from the desk, "Then go, I'll stay here."
John arrived home on a Sunday evening. The door to the flat had been left unlocked, though he knew Sherlock never bothered with mundane details of that nature. He called out to his flatmate expecting at the very least a mumble or mid-conversational quip. According to Sherlock, there were many times John was meant to be at home, as he continuously talked to him throughout the day. The lack of response did not appear to matter, but his presence was what the consulting detective seemed to favor. John had not decided whether that made him feel more appreciated or less. This night, however, there was no response at all. John walked in and set his bag on the floor, hung his coat, and looked around. The flat was by no means tidy, but it did look as if it was undisturbed. An experiment of a sort that John did not fancy becoming acquainted with, was taking up residence on their kitchen table. Sherlock's room was empty, the bed made, clothes hung with precision in his closet. The flat was dead silent.
"Yeah, so? What's the real reason you took it?"
"I am a beast!" Sherlock clutched his curls in his hands, his elbows closing in front of his face. He collapsed down, hunched over on the bed.
He drove up a winding road that seemed unending after his long journey. Finally, he turned a corner and the grand manor was displayed before him. It was positively medieval. He half expected a crash of lightning to cascade down behind it for all its gothic temper. Moonlight shone upon spires that crowned the towers jutting up from the massive dwelling. The trees did not grow close to the house, in fact they seemed to shy away from it. Gardens were visible surrounding the edifice and vines had grown up the dark stone walls, perhaps to keep them company in their loneliness . A throng of red rose bushes framed the entry and spread out like soldiers circling their captive. It was impressive, but with a hint of melancholy, just like the gates he had come through. Once, it must have been the grandest home in the vicinity. Now it was barely kept up, devoid of the care and love a home needs to survive weather and time.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at John and took a large pull from his drink. John just smiled with satisfaction.
John lay there, hands clasped behind his head. Bing Crosby played beside him and he closed his eyes, imagining the White Christmas that the deep, soothing voice sang of. It was one of his favourite carols. As a child, he would listen to it and twirl the ornaments that decorated the Christmas tree. A flat, round glass bauble was the one he remembered the best. It depicted a snowy countryside with a red sleigh pulled by a team of lean, auburn horses. The trees were bare, the branches lifted to the clear sky. The back of the ornament was painted gold and it shined and reflected his face as it spun. There were many ornaments collected through the years, but that one was special. It's glass was thin, delicate, and smooth. So thin it was, that it did not stand up to Harry's drunken shenanigans one Christmas Eve. John had been heartbroken when the precious trinket dropped and shattered on the floor beneath the tree. In slow motion it seemed to happen and the sound of the glass breaking echoed in his ears for a long while.
"You have?" John asked incredulously.
His breath hitched hard in his chest and his hips reflexively bucked. From there, the world came to a scathing halt. It seemed no time at all and Sherlock was surging forward, pinning John down. This time, he did not mind so much. The feeling of the lithe frame nestled between his legs felt right and his own body responded swiftly. There was no doubt that his arousal could be felt, though it was not out of place next to Sherlock's. They felt each other. Sherlock moved forward in one slow, hard stroke of his body. John moaned. The sensation was incredible. He had never thought that lying with a man could feel this good. But this was not just a man, it was Sherlock. It was a man whom he had shared adventure, danger, and maybe a little hope, spread over a tray of tea and chocolate biscuits.
John turned his head, annoyed at the ill-mannered interruption, and quipped, "I don't believe that is any of your business," he then turned back and addressed the bartender, "I'll have a pint and the fish sandwich with crisps, if you have them."
The clock struck three and John sat back, rubbing his eyes.
Discomfort filled the room and I could no longer stand it, “Listen, Sherlock, I’m sorry. I saw the table and the beakers and I just, well, I assumed. You’re always saying that I see, but do not observe,” I shuffled my feet a bit, “I should never have doubted you,” my eyes met his and I knew that he could see the apology in them. And though I am admittedly not the most observant person, I could see the hurt begin to melt away in his.
‘He’s doing one of his experiments,’ I thought, ‘and he’s allowing my daughter around God knows what kind of solutions. This is all a game to him. If he didn’t want to babysit, he should have damn well told me. Everything is about the work to him. His stupid, stupid work. It comes before everything, eating, sleeping, and apparently my two year old. How dare he. This is low even for him,’ I fumed, ‘She could get hurt, or sick. She could break the glass and cut herself. He’s so immersed that he’s not even looking up. What could be more important than my Rosie? Nothing. Nothing should come before her, before her safety. It’s completely unacceptable.’
"Sherlock," John breathed out with relief, the adrenaline still causing tremors in his body, "Bloody hell. What is going on? Why haven't you answered my calls?"
Later that evening, John lay awake in his bed staring at the ceiling. For some reason, he could not sleep no matter how many times he fluffed his pillow or changed positions. He sighed into the cool air of his room. Then he remembered that Tom had said there were some sandwiches left behind the counter of the restaurant if he became hungry. Perhaps if his stomach had something in it,  it could persuade his mind to allow him to sleep. He got up and put on his robe, his red pajamas in stark contrast to the white of the plush material. Putting on his shoes, he stepped out into the brisk night air and headed toward the main building.
"You're with that odd fellow. The one with the curly hair and the cheekbones that came in here not long ago," an older man sitting down the bar piped up, "What was his name?"
Sherlock gave him a scathing glare, but continued, "Love, John. What was missing from every case, what was missing from Lawrence Hawkes. There was no love in their hearts, be it romantically put, and they died for it."
"Roses!" He shouted, and flew back through the open French doors into the ballroom. Confused, John paused a moment and then followed.
"I...think so," he attempted to rise.
That voice came lovely and deep, and it flowed through John's ear like music on the wind. He cleared his throat and shifted his weight, now pushing himself back against the bedpost without thought. He breathed in and closed his eyes.
"They all go crazy. We've all heard the stories and read the articles. They all end up as twisted beasts, and this one is no different. If anything, they are even more of a threat. Did you see the first one? Strange look about him. Not normal. What if this time he decides that one murder is not enough? He could come down here in the night and take any one of us. They could make off with your children, wreak havoc on our village! It's time to take some action, boys. Who's with me?" Gaston entreated to the crowd.
The whole scene ended right where it had begun. The two of us stood in the kitchen amidst a show of color. Rosie's artwork, a backdrop for our conversation, hung like a banner of pride along the cupboards. We talked and made the popcorn. We joked and walked to sit on the sofa. Perhaps it was my imagination, but Sherlock may have just deduced one of my favorite movies on purpose. And if I sat a little closer to him than normal, he didn't give any indication that he minded.
The drunken pair leaned toward each other to plot, "Let's tell John that we overheard Sherlock on the phone telling someone that he is not going to do the show, that he thinks it's rubbish. We all know he thinks it. Let's have a bit of fun with it!"
"You're the consulting detective."
"What do you think is going on, Gaston?" A short, rotund man to his left chimed in.
"Sherlock!"
Now having returned back to the flat, John thought about the scene that had taken place the week earlier. He had joked to Sherlock about the case taking a while, but he did not expect him to not have solved it a week later. He finished unpacking his bag, throwing his dirty laundry in the hamper and putting away his various personal items. He went to the kitchen to put the kettle on, still wondering why Sherlock had not returned. Perhaps he had and was just out on new case. He retrieved his phone from his pocket and texted.
Here now, the roses that climbed the auspicious walls of the castle leaned in and listened to the couple. They preened and smiled, closing their buds for a much deserved and much delayed rest. They would not bloom again until the spring, when flowers of their nature were meant to. And every year after that, they would take their leave of the walls and the garden to shy away from winter's chill. For there was no longer a reason to protect the air swirling around the halls of the once great manor. It was free to escape the sadness in which it had lain for so many centuries, to openly accept life and to come alive within.
John was on his elbows now, watching Sherlock intently; his eyes roamed over the fit body. Now it was his turn. He sat up and cupped the angled face, tracing up and down those perfect cheekbones. His imploring was tender and Sherlock found himself falling back against the pillows as John made a line of soft kisses down his stomach. Eventually, he came to the coarse curls at the top of his groin and paused. It became blindingly clear through the wave of endorphins clouding his mind that he had never done this before. He had seen it done, and it had been done to him. He supposed in that moment that it could not be that difficult and mimicking the acts he had witnessed would be the most proper course. He drew up beside the length of Sherlock and allowed his tongue to rove over the tip. Sherlock gasped and spread his legs a bit wider, allowing John as much access as he desired. He liked that. John licked up and down, taking one bollock into his mouth and slowly, gently rolling it side to side with his tongue. He remembered how wonderful this felt and hoped he was giving the same pleasure to his companion. Recalling how delicate the maneuver was, he ever so cautiously sucked over the bollock and dropped it back. The noise it made elicited a moan from Sherlock and John noticed that he was now shaking with need. He wrapped his fingers around the hard cock before him and began to pump, his thumb sliding over the top as he spit on it. The wetness spread over the length and Sherlock arched his back in a most lovely way. If John's own need had not brought him back from his thoughts, he may have finished his lover off then and there, for the sight would have been well worth it. But his desire overrode it now. He went down on Sherlock, taking him fully into his mouth and scraping the head along the back of his throat. The gag reflex suppressed, the thick saliva it created emptied down onto the quivering parts below him. He sucked a few more times, spitting and running his fingers from arse to bollocks. Sherlock was ready. They both were trembling. John's hands now slick, he slowly pushed a stout middle finger into the tight ring.
xxxxxx
"Would you like to hear a secret?" He looked down his nose at the boy. Children loved secrets; that he remembered from his own childhood.
"I told you, Lestrade received a call from the station in Weymouth. What they told me was all the information I have, which is most likely more than enough. THEY are out of their league, of course."
The music stopped, but the dance continued. There was nothing but the repetitive hum of the record player tracking over and over by the wall, but the very air they waltzed through hung thick with feeling. They slowed as it all dissipated into reality, though a bit more than a thread of it remained still. They did not disengage from each other, instead coming to a halt in the middle of the floor. They breathed heavily from the exertion and their cheeks were a mirrored flush. Sherlock looked into John's eyes, but could find no words to speak to him. He stood, his hands resting on the man's waist. The rage that had so recently been vexatious was nowhere to be found. Instead, his face was open, like a book whose pages had been liberated by the wind.
John turned his head to give him a cool look, then turned back to Anderson, "The restaurant is right through those doors. It was made for dinner theatre. It's perfect," he leaned back smiling, hands resting on his knees.
"You stopped, Sherlock. Look, I know you wouldn't hurt me and I think you know that too," John tried to convince him, but something was causing him to have a difficult time fully convincing himself.
John stared blankly, "You know that's rubbish," he replied after a moment and leaned back in his chair, "What kind of crap telly are you watching?" He laughed.
"Let me in," Sherlock growled in dominance. He ground his hips against John finding the already prominent response. John stifled a moan.
"Sherlock, look at me."
The case was as John had predicted. Sherlock had it solved before noon the next day. The DI was grateful for the assistance, even if Sherlock hadn't completely held back his opinion regarding the intelligence of the local police force. Nonetheless, the murderer was caught. The town safe again, Sherlock and John went back to the lodge to take lunch before heading back to 221b Baker's Street. It was 2 o'clock and the two sat in the middle of the empty restaurant. A few sandwiches and some hot soup had been ordered, along with a pint for John and coffee for Sherlock. The consulting detective sat, his food untouched, and sipped nonchalantly at his cup.
Another day went by with no communication. Sherlock would not answer texts nor calls to his phone. Or perhaps he couldn't answer. John did not want to overreact, however this was strange behaviour. He always answered John. As a last resort, he contacted Mycroft. As obnoxious as he was, he could still prove himself useful at times. Indeed, after a short time waiting for a return call, Mycroft let John know that Sherlock was still at the country estate of questionable history, as suspected. Searching the desk, he found the address of the manor. It was in Bledlow; not a terribly long trip. He decided that he would go to find Sherlock. Even if the situation turned out to be nothing, at least he might be able to help solve the case. John called up the nearest car rental and was soon on his way out to the country.
"No, the part about the police calling us in being the only clever thing," his mind reeled and he looked out the window as the idea unfurled, "I have a plan."
John and Sherlock glanced at each other before John answered, "She doesn't actually know yet."
"So, which sandwich are you going to choose?"
"That hurt!" He protested, pulling his arm away.
Sherlock kept his hand over John's, transfixed at the contact. There was never much contact, not with John, nor with others as well. Occasionally someone would give him a hug, but he never could respond fast enough to make it proper. It always ended up stiff and awkward. Perhaps that is why he had given up human contact all together. Between the unpredictable tactile outbursts and the emotions involved, it seemed to be rather a weakness and more complicated than its worth. But not with John. John was different. He had long admitted to himself that he, in fact, loved John. But he could not answer whether or not it was anything more. People loved many things in many ways. How was he to know if this was the way the Enchantress had meant when she had uttered her malediction centuries before? And what of John? He was sure that John had some sort of love for him, no one else would suffer his inclinations otherwise. John had never said anything in regards to this. Due to his current state, he would have to conclude that it was not the true love that would save his life. Though maybe an act of love would, he thought, isn't that what fanciful stories and movies would have us believe? People showed love to each other physically, kissing, holding, and such. Sherlock was not particularly disposed to it, but had made the effort a few times. It was not wholly unpleasant and as the both of them held each other's regard, it may work.
"You're right," he blinked back his tears now, for they threatened their appearance, "Not us. It's waiting for you...all of it."
"Sorry?" John was caught off-guard by the question.
"Yeah, I'll see you when you return. Twenty quid you can't solve it before the weekend," he called after him.
John held Sherlock's hand, "I think I know just what I'm going to dream about."
But the relief was short lived. Sherlock's legs suddenly gave out from under him and he crumpled to the floor just beyond the flowing sheer curtains. They billowed and ran themselves over his deteriorating form. John was beside him, holding him, checking the eyes that rolled in his head, fingering the pulse at his neck.
How the observed loves him so
"Yes," it was not a question.
"Yes, and with the cadence of her scolding, no one sleeps for the next 48 hours," Sherlock replied.
Taking off his shoes, John walked over to the Victorian chair by the door, "This will do."
"John," Mycroft reached out his umbrella and grabbed John by the arm.
"You were meant to have solved the mystery of this house and leave, but here you are, and in worse condition. In the interest of the safety of this town, we have come for you," Gaston announced firmly.
A buzz was set throughout the bar, the ponderings of inebriation mixed with fear and upset. Merely the suggestion of danger was enough to begin the dance. These things he spoke of had never happened before, however the castle did have a dark reputation. Possibilities wound themselves around the minds of the townsfolk like ghastly tendrils. Anxiety made it's presence known and soon the buzz turned to uproar. Cries to action made their turns about the room, and Gaston stood in the middle of it. His worry for his town was honest and true. He had purposefully rallied the pub to march, however he did not want this to get out of hand. He held up his hands to signal for silence. Gaston would lead the people to the castle and find out once and for all what manner of curse lived there.
He didn’t respond. So I waited. I waited for him to say something, anything. Maybe I was channeling my father, but I wanted to know what he had to say for himself. This was no small transgression and I could not even get a sorry out of him. I seethed.
I never thought that anything would go wrong. I had left the flat in good condition. I had even put away all incendiary devices and sharp objects. Actually, I had hidden them to be precise. It’s not that I didn’t trust Sherlock, but this had become standard procedure since I found Rosie with a micropipette in her mouth at less than a year old.
"Yes, John, a private library," he ran his fingers along a stack of books set out among many on a table in the middle of the small room, "This is where I found it," he picked up a book that took up half of the space of his torso as he held it. It was a family history bound in bright red leather.
Standing back, John put his hands on his hips, "That's quite a remark."
A masterpiece that hangs on a wall
"Where is your friend?" He asked, ignoring the doctor's question.
"You all right?" John paused a moment with concern.
"It's nice," he said, looking around, "Are you next door?"
Sherlock bit down hard again at the point where John's neck met his shoulder, threatening to tear flesh. It was all too much and John felt himself falling over the edge. He slammed into Sherlock forcefully, wrenching teeth from skin. Sherlock's head flew back as his climax flowed through him. The pressure enveloping John and the sight of Sherlock's orgasm sent his own spiraling into the night. With a mighty moan he stilled and then collapsed, spent and shuddering. The whole of him pressed against his lover.
"No, there shouldn't," Sherlock replied, "These are antique vine roses, hybridized before 1867. They are damasks, which mean they only bloom once per year in one impressive movement in the spring. These flowers are mature and radiant year round and have been for as long as records on this house have been kept. No one has discovered why. The people of the town would tell you it was from the legend of the original proprietor of the castle. When the old woman offered him a rose in exchange for shelter, he laughed and threw it out into the stormy night. The roses have grown strong ever since, or so they say."
"What happens in this town is my business and you're not from around here," he said, now only a few feet away from where John sat. The onlookers sat and watched silently from their various perches and seating.
He dropped the man then, who failed to fully catch himself as he tumbled down three of the unforgiving stone stairs. Sherlock went to John and knelt next to him. John gave him a look of reassurance and Sherlock relaxed, breathing normally for the first time since they had heard the resounding knock of the townspeople echo in the stillness. John then noticed the slant in his eyes and the weary look that accompanied it.  This look he had seen before. Sherlock was using every bit of strength to hide the fact that he was about to collapse. John jumped up and put his arms around the weakened man. Without as much as a sneer back at the dispersing crowd, he helped Sherlock back into the house, shutting and bolting the door behind them with a finality that could not be denied.
"Yes," came the muffled reply.
The lean, dark muzzled wolf at the front bared his teeth and leapt. John swung as hard as he could, the branch sailing through the air. It did not hit his mark, but the wolf fell to the floor. The woods rang with the sound of a gun fired not fifteen yards from the scene. By the time he turned to look back, a flash of black was moving toward him at a swift rate. Sherlock jumped in front of him, crouched and ready. The gun he had used was discarded and John was horrified to see him advancing on the pack. He scrambled to pick up the gun, but the ground was laden with slick leaves and branches and he could not find the instrument in time. The second wolf charged Sherlock, swiping fiercely with his claws. One found purchase on his chest as another wolf leapt onto his back. Sherlock got a handful of the wolf's fur and threw it forward over his shoulder. It hit a nearby tree with a crack and fell into the mud. The other two wolves paused, but did not back off. Their teeth bared and growls growing louder, they began to once again advance on the men. A deep noise like John had never heard sounded out frighteningly from the man in front of him, who immediately jumped up on the log beside them and crouched. Too startled to think, John raised the gun in his hand and fired at the pack. One, two, three shots, he took out the leader. It fell to the ground with a whimper. Sherlock leapt at the other two, swinging his fist with a savage right hook. It found it's target and the wolf yelped, but not before it's claws hit Sherlock's arm. Trails of red began to show through his sleeve. John ran ahead and shot again. The wolves turned as well, giving up the fight and retreating back into the forest.
It was a study. The decor was dark and rich; swaths of scarlet and mahogany wrapped themselves around the room like old friends in greeting. Shelves of books lined the wall to the left and a large wood desk stood to the right. The far wall boasted a stunning fireplace, which was indeed the source of the light that he had previously viewed from the entrance hall. A red, plush armchair with a thin-legged side table rested in front of it and John thought for the slightest of moments that he may be disturbing someone. But as he approached, he found the chair empty. The fire felt warm though and it comforted him in this barren and winter-ridden manor. He stepped closer and held his hands out, for they were quite frozen through.
The minutes that passed after that could not really be measured in any sort of quantifiable method. They rolled on and on, but somehow did not seem to be enough. The pair moved together. Sherlock's hips moved up to meet John's more enthusiastically than perhaps John had expected, and it was perfect. He lined up his body with the lissome form and their sweat combined allowed for fluid motion. Though the room was chilled, the heat of exertion and passion flooded around the bed and they were not at all cold. Sherlock growled and bit at the flesh of John's neck. It produced a feral emotion in the army doctor and his murmur sounded like something heavy being dragged over sharp rocks.
Sherlock growled his response, "The mystery has not been solved."
They walked through the door and into the secret room. It was akin to the room that John was staying in, but larger and at one point in time, more lavishly furnished. This room was twice the size, but was not cared for at all like his own. The draperies were torn and falling, the floor had leaves that had blown in from the terrace, and the upholstery on the chairs was worn and tattered. The room itself was tattered and sad and John felt unhappy upon walking into it. This he did not have time to dwell on however as Sherlock quickly lead him to a chamber adjoining the bedroom.
"Which one would you eat?" He said a bit playfully.
"Stop this," he choked out.
"No, it's fine. I'm actually not that cold. It's just very warm in here. I...we thought it would be much colder this time of year. What happened to the snow?" He replied, deflecting her motherly guidance.
"Will this work?" The doctor's eyes were averted.
"What is it?" Came the low whisper. Ominous and curious though it was, it had not been directed at the blond doctor standing beside the bed. Sherlock had moved to the painting and spoke to it closely, running his hand down the canvas, "You were just...like...ME!"
Donovan giggled, but covered her mouth to hide her amusement, "No, we can't. It's almost Christmas. We can't be unkind."
"No...oh God Sherlock...I can't," he stopped and broke away. The next movement was so quick one might have not seen it happen and thought that John simply appeared between Sherlock's trembling legs. He lined himself up, spitting in his hand and rubbing it on his own cock. He played at the opening, moving the head of his slicked member back and forth over it.
They sat in the cozy dining carriage. It was small and hosted only a counter to order from, but nonetheless, drinks were ordered and there it was. The car was minimally decorated with red and green garlands, which clashed with the tan vinyl seats and pale yellow walls. However, it was an attempt at Christmas cheer and it did not go unnoticed or unappreciated. The curtains were all still open and the rush of the city could be seen turning into rolling country in one long slide of travel. John sipped at his second Sloe Gin. It was not his favourite, however at this time of year, the taste was lovely. It warmed his chest and he could feel a slight rose affecting his cheeks. Sherlock sat across from him, bored and getting increasingly loud about his deductions of the people aboard the train. He had not touched his drink and John was ever so inclined to grab his head and force the libation down his throat. A tipsy Sherlock was preferable at this moment as his goofy smile tended to get in the way of his wagging tongue.
"John," he whispered.
He had. He had known for quite some time, but he could not bring himself to allow it. His mind would not allow him to think it true. And it was his uncertainty that had nearly cost Sherlock his life. Ashamed and sorrowful, he hung his head. Sherlock had almost died here, in his arms. If he had allowed it, if he had loved him like he wanted to, if he had allowed himself to believe it was all fine. If the night they shared had been one of passion and acceptance, rather than compliance and savage appetites, perhaps it would not have come to this. Why had he not been able to get past his reservations? Why could he not admit to himself that he was in love with him? That they were in love. Why had he not seen that when Sherlock had reached for him from behind the soft ivory sheets of the bed, that it was not a favor he was asking, but permission. Approval.
"A dinner theatre mystery night? I don't do theatre," Sherlock said with disgust.
“All right, but I get to choose it.”
Their eyes met. The cool blue-green of Sherlock's twinkled and John did not want to look away for fear he would never see it again. It was special and he knew there was a story behind it. He hoped upon hope that he would one day hear it.
The smile that followed was beyond brilliant.
Sherlock went to pick it up, but John stayed his hand, "Don't," he grabbed the journal and took it over to the desk. The book was tipped and the rose slid off with ease onto the pile of papers beneath. Two petals fell from it and settled near the edge. He knew it was foolish, but the rules of reality did not seem to pay much heed in this place. He was not taking any chances, the occurrences of late were much too fanciful for his liking. Until he figured it out, no magical blooming rose was being handled by anyone. John sat in the chair and Sherlock moved another over. For the next couple of hours they read.
Sherlock stopped his ministrations and looked up at John. The look was cold, his eyes mirroring the frost that had begun to settle outside the window just to his right. It was akin to that same strange look that had been on his face when John had first arrived, except for a small turn at the corner of his mouth, "Yes," he said slowly, "I think a rest might do us good."
The journey back to the manor was cold and long. John did not relish returning to the aging castle, but it was the closest and safest place at the moment and Sherlock needed medical attention. The sun was over the horizon now and swaths of pink and orange guided their way. John pushed open the heavy door. Sherlock was hanging on firmly to his shoulders as they moved inside. The fire was smoldering in the study and John tended it after a frigid Sherlock was safely placed in the plush arm chair in front of it. He was able to get it relit and the room began to warm slightly. John turned his attention to his friend, regarding him with a doctor's eye. His jacket was ruined. That was the first item to come off. The material was torn to shreds along with the white shirt beneath. A bit of luck that was; the claws ran through the cloth more than they had run through Sherlock. He began to tear the clothing apart to clear the way to the actual wounds. Sherlock sat up and allowed him to pull the jacket and shirt back and down over his thin shoulders. The fragile skin on his chest and arm moved and strained along with him as the clothing was shed. He hissed in discomfort.
Without uttering a word, Sherlock removed his hand from John's and slid it up to caress his face. The look that appeared was that of confusion, trepidation, but not repulsion, and so he continued. He ran his fingers through John's blond hair. It was a move he had seen in many of John's crap movies. People enjoyed it and it was affectionate. John shifted and cleared his throat, seeing where this might be headed. He was unsure, but he could figure why Sherlock was trying it. There was something between them; there always had been. He was not quite sure what it was, but he knew the silent agreement was that it was to remain unspoken. Though he could not remember agreeing to the stipulation. He loved Sherlock. Random behaviour and insane deductions aside, he would do anything for him. But did that mean he was in love with Sherlock? Wasn't that what the enchantment had required? His heart was beating wildly in his chest and he was doing his best to stay collected, but he felt as he had the night before. He was not sure if what he was thinking was wrong, for him or Sherlock. Though soon it may not matter, either path could prove ruinous.
"To solve this case," John said simply. Further fanning the flames of the man's ire was the last thing he wished to do, so he thought he'd keep it concise.
xxxxxx
John stilled those hands with his own, speaking as evenly and with as much solace as possible, "You don't happen to know where they kept the first aid, do you?"
"Whoa, whoa!" John slowly approached the raging man, his hands outstretched.
The music flowed unwaveringly from the small player carefully sat near the back wall of the barrack. The volume was maintained at a low decibel, however the words and the melody were enough to fill the void created by the harsh circumstances surrounding the small structure. Though it was a time of joy and togetherness in many parts of the world, this was a place where each man struggled to keep his heart light. This night had been fairly quiet and the men were thankful for it. They lie in their bunks reading, listening, thinking, waiting. A hush of this kind may truly mean a night of peace, or it could mean an event was on the horizon. For here they lived moment to moment, and thought to thought.
Before he left, he made sure to get directions to the manor from the bartender, just in case his phone quit on him. Of course, in doing so, he had to listen to the story of the curse over the house and a sharp warning to keep on his toes about it. He determined that it was most likely something that all the people of the town knew and told to unsuspecting travelers either for a bit of fun, or to drum up some tourist business. He had heard the story however, and was anxious to get on the road. John thanked the bartender, stole a quick glance at Gaston who was now in the middle of a rousing hunting story, and quietly left the pub.
"This is wrong," John murmured, "This is all wrong. It isn't real...it can't be..."
I looked around with over exaggerated awe and appreciation. Then I touched my forehead to hers and gave her a squeeze. And though I felt like a complete arse, I couldn’t help but smile.
And that's how it went that fine Christmas Eve, amidst murder and misunderstanding, solicitude and snow. The last few stanzas of a song crafted for such a night rang out through the open doors as people snugged together to enjoy a scene sent down from the heavens just for them. When the music ended and the evening waned, Sherlock and John walked into the snowy night. Lit only by wrought iron lanterns, the small, wooden bridge arched above the now frozen stream, and this is where they came to stand. It was ideal, absolutely ideal. The delicate flakes came to rest atop their heads and eyelashes as they looked to the starlit sky. Sherlock's arm wrapped around John's shoulders, eventually coming to embrace him fully.
~~~~~
"Just take it easy."
If his breath was hot, then his voice was the heat of the sun on a summer's day in the country. It pulled the other man away. Away from the manor, away from England; somewhere where there was nothing but this. Nothing but the feeling of home and warmth. Where fields stretched on forever and the sky was not a hinderance, but rather a calling. In this world, you could go anywhere; you could be everywhere. And that was unquestionably where Sherlock was in this moment. It was the last moment, and then there was nothing but shallow breathing and a whispering wind outside the frozen windows of the room.
"Hello," John said, his mind still caught up in the music.
John was becoming impatient, "What?! What wasn't a good idea?"
John sighed and chased after him. He had been doing that a lot recently. Though he actually took a sort of comfort in it as it was one of the few ordinary occurrences of late, "So? Let's have it. What is going on?"
"It is not a dance," he replied smoothly, his hand remaining mid air.
"Yes, of course," the boy answered. He was confused, but he got up nonetheless and headed quickly toward the lodge to give the two men privacy. He stopped to look behind as he reached the second stair of the porch, holding on to the pillar as his gait slowed to a crawl. He knew it was not his business, but he was curious as to why John was in such a huff when normally he was very even-tempered. He crept backward toward the door, attempting to be inconspicuous. But John caught him out of the corner of his eye and turned with a look that could have stopped an army. Phil gasped, knowing he was caught, and ran into the lobby, the door flying shut behind him. Satisfied they were alone, John turned back to Sherlock.
Sally smiled and quirked a brow, "What did you have in mind?"
No response.
"This is wrong," he said, "I could hurt you. I was going to...hurt you," he sat back once more his palms wringing into his eyes.
Sherlock stood up straight and looked to his friend. His hair, though uncharacteristically long, was managed and pulled back with a blue ribbon. Odd. Though he remained somewhat stooped, his face was shaven and he wore a new set of clothing. This set was obviously from the wardrobe in the secret room as the design and fine threads could only be the handy work of a time long ago. Strange. Why Sherlock was wearing yet another outfit of the former master of the house was unknown to John, but in this instance, he dare not ask. For it was, among all other present matters, a very unimportant point. Nonetheless, it was duly noted.
Walking into the lobby, he could hear a violin playing softly. Not surprisingly, he found Sherlock standing near the stage playing a Christmas tune in a slow, solemn way. At first, he did not see John come in. The melody continued to flow throughout the room. John sat at the counter quietly and listened. It reminded him of the dream he had dreamt not more than a week before. It was the nostalgic hum of White Christmas. John put his elbow on the smooth countertop and leaned on his hand. His eyes closed and he tried his best to remember a time that the song hadn't meant disaster to him. So many Christmases had been spent alone, unhappy, or away from home, but then there was last year. His first Christmas at 221B Baker Street. He smiled. For reasons unknown, Sherlock became a bit less of an arse at Christmas. Perhaps it was his gift to the world, but John felt it might be that he just really liked the holiday. Perhaps, the sociopath's heart grew three sizes that day, just as the green, ill-tempered Grinch from the popular children's story. John chuckled.
John's eyes rose, his hand slow to follow. He was not sure what else to do. A cry for help was coming from the only person who had been keeping him sane these past few years since his tour of duty had ended. A declaration of love was coming from the only person whom he had even had the inkling of spending the rest of his life with. The intimacy that they shared was not the sort anyone would get in a huff over should they witness it. It was simply a profound familiarity that made each of them want to be with the other. And because of this, Sherlock brought his own hand up in time, allowing their fingers to touch at the tips. Their fingers interlaced. Sherlock stared at the interaction as if in wonder. The reverie ended as another soft touch startled him. John had brought his other hand to Sherlock's face, running his thumb over the cheek that had caressed his moments before. Eyes like the ocean on a cloudy day stared at him and Sherlock found it difficult to maintain contact. He was urged forward by an unknown force as he towered over the smaller man.
"I know Sherlock, and we'll find it," he closed the journal, "Let's get some rest and we'll start first thing tomorrow. I'm only asking for a few hours," he entreated.
Sherlock could not stop himself. The apprehension was gone. John's control was his and he wanted to touch, he needed to touch. All of the skin he could see, he needed it to be his. An instinct, previously untapped, surfaced. He wanted this, the beast wanted this. But he would not allow the beast to have John. John was his. He pulled the trousers down, discarding them off the side of the bed. The army doctor was now spread out before him, arms raised above his head. Sherlock felt dizzy, his vision tunneling. He grabbed John's hips, squeezing his fingers over bone and flesh.
