Dean rounds on him. He's trying hard to stay on top of Michael, but half of him still wants to shake Sam by the shoulders and say,
They're interrupted by footsteps in the hall. Dean's heart stutters like a siren before a storm, and sure enough, a few seconds later, the pressure drops and there's Hurricane Dad darkening their doorway. The whole room goes silent.
"Yeah," says John. "The demon had all kinds of big plans. Even I couldn't get all the details, but I know Yellow Eyes wanted one of those kids he infected to lead some kind of demon army."
"Not a big deal?" John repeats, incredulous. He's half-ready to stand up in his seat. He remembers Hell, every horrible second of it, and it's the last thing he'd wish on anyone, but especially his Dean. Just thinking about it makes his heart ache. "Dean."
"He asked Cas if he wanted to ride in the truck with him," Sam recalls suddenly. "I guess he wanted to talk?"
best no-nonsense tone and starts forward too. Dean's quicker than both of them; he shoves his father with all his might, yelling, "Let go of me!" Partially because even though just moments ago the dungeon was exactly where he wanted to be, he absolutely doesn't want Dad to be the one to put him there, partially because he's afraid that Michael is about to break free from that cage in his head and vaporize everybody in firing range, and partially because he's afraid that if Dad
Dean doesn't let other people in his kitchen while he's working, so Cas contents himself with loitering at the table instead, offering skeptical and unsolicited advice, and squinting suspiciously at Dean's good mood. "I didn't know you could cook," he says, which is deeply insulting. "Is there some special occasion I'm not aware of?"
"What was that?" John asked her, hunter's instincts tingling with dread. "Some kind of ESP or something?"
Wow. Mom must be a miracle worker. In twenty-plus years of living with Dad, Dean pretty much never got him to agree to do anything he didn't want to do. It's almost unfair. "Uh, thanks," he says, trying for gratitude instead of resentment. This is still his mother, after all. "But what about
Dread worms its way into the pit of John's stomach. "So, what," he says. When she doesn't answer him he raises his voice a little. "I mean it. What, Mary? This isn't Lawrence. I can't just go sleep at Mike's for a few days. So what are we doing? You kicking me out?"
Dean thinks back to the dinner he ate in here alone, and the way he wondered if it mattered at all if he took care of this body. What's the point of sleeping? Cas could leave to check on his lead now and let Mom sleep in the back seat as he drove. It wouldn't make a difference to Dean in the end.
After all, the grace worked. That means Dad truly was willing; in spite of all his reservations, he trusted Sam and Dean to make the call. And now Jack's back to himself again, no longer in danger of dying—or worse, burning off his soul. Dean will take his wins where he can get them.
Dean almost chokes on his food. He studiously ignores Sam's incredulous eyebrows. It's a good thing Dad's not in here. "Buddy, you can't say stuff like that at breakfast."
particular to this chapter include: some extremely gnarly fight-scene type violence that borders on being suggestive (think vampires biting necks), a character spending a little time in handcuffs, the unintentional negging of an amputee, and of course the general warnings about abuse/dean's sexual history.
Mary's hand leaves John's shoulder. She steps away from him; she looks at him as though seeing a stranger.
"People probably died while he was playing house with us," Dean says. He thinks about that a lot. "It was a fucked up thing for me to do. My dad wasn't a monster. Or if he was, I was just as bad."
Dean pushes his way past Sam again, even though he feels Sam tense up when he's not standing between him and Dad anymore. But for once, Dean's not scared. The cage in Dean's head is breaking down, he can feel it, but that's not all. Deep inside him, deeper than even Michael, in the place where his voice used to be, there's an impenetrable wall of shame and self-loathing around it, stopping Dean from speaking. But Dean is so goddamned pissed off now that he can feel it crumbling to pieces.
, for the sharpest typo-hunting eyes i've ever had the pleasure of working with, and powering through 100k+ of a fic written in her SECOND language, AND go back to double-check some parts when i rudely edited them after she had already gone through on her initial sweep. she's a badass, and if you find ANY typos in this fic, they are MY mistakes.
Dean swallows down his nausea. "I almost murdered our tomato," he jokes, and rushes to take the meat off the flame.
She might have a point there. John always had a harder time staying angry with her when she wasn't there to get angry with. He forgave Mary the ghost for the deal she made with Yellow Eyes, but part of him still resents the living, breathing woman for it. John couldn't even get through that car ride home they spent arguing without wanting to leap out of the passenger-side door of Castiel's truck.
Silence. John opens his eyes to find Mary wearing an expression not unlike a deer in headlights. "Um," she says.
"Oh," says Sam, like he'd forgotten. "I wouldn't expect to see a girl on Dean's arm anytime soon. Or ever. That's just—something he struggles with."
He's stammering again. When they were kids, like, really little, Dean used to be the one who stammered sometimes, when he was still getting the hang of talking again. Now Sam does. It's a habit he brought back with him from Lucifer's Cage. It used to piss Dad off when Dean did it, he remembers, and at the same moment realizes that not once has he heard Sam slip up in front of their father.
Cas sighs, like he has any right to sound as longsuffering about it as he does. "You don't have to make anything up to me. I was already happy. Summoning the Empty would never have worked if I wasn't. It just took me until then to realize it. I don't need anything else."
"It sucked," Dean interrupts. "I was pissed, sure. But now that we're not in it anymore, I don't know. I'm glad you got to have normal for a little while."
"Good," says Cas, and he seems pleased. But maybe he catches the confusion on Dean's face, because he explains, "I've never done anything like that before, Dean. Just the once, and that wasn't really..." He trails off.
"You were a child," Cas says. "Dean didn't want you to know. He was protecting you. That's what he does. I'm not—" Cas falters. "I suppose he doesn't feel that same need to protect me."
John creeps closer to the storeroom door. It's been reduced to splinters; the noise was what prompted John to leave his bedroom and come see what was happening. His first impulse was to simply storm in and demand answers, but nobody's been very forthcoming with those. So instead he hung back. More likely, then, that he would get his answers whether Sam and Dean wanted him to or not.
That night when Dad put him to bed he said, "You sleep good, son. Watch out for Sammy." And Dean breathed Sam's name back, unsteady, in a voice he hadn't used in over a year, and nodded his assent. It made his dad so proud he actually cried. And Dean knew, down to his bones, as long as the three of them stuck together, everything would be all right.
Then up comes Sam, one hand hovering over Jack's shoulder to steady him should he stumble. Sam's face is the first indication something is wrong; even from a distance Dean can read him like a book, and right now he's screaming in all capital letters that whatever just went down was ugly.
Dean doesn't realize he's stepping away until his back hits the doorway. Michael, vindictive, summons the phantom sensation of Yellow Eyes pinning Dean to the wall of that cabin and shredding up his chest.
Part of Dean had known, and he hadn't—minded, not really. It's not like he had to keep an eye on Cas every minute and make sure he never dropped the soap or anything. Dean knows how other guys used to look at him, still look at him sometimes. Creeps and perverts. But Cas wasn't like that. Cas was one of the few people who could lay his hands on Dean and Dean didn't have to—worry about it. Sometimes it was even nice. Not in a gay way, just, like, normal. Like if Sam claps him on the shoulder or when he was still young enough for his dad to ruffle his hair. Cas could touch him, if he wanted to. He could love him, if he wanted to. Dean knew, a little bit, and he didn't mind giving Cas that. As long as they didn't have to make a federal case about it, it was no big deal.
car air fresheners you're supposed to hang on your rearview mirror. There's a few grease-stained boxes of pizza stacked on it, so hot and fresh they're still steaming. The table has been set with their best dinnerware, including wine glasses, even though there's also a beer by every plate. There's technically three stools on each side, but it's always a tight fit with more than four—and yet, they still found room in the middle for a couple of candles, one shaped like a jack-o'-lantern, and the other covered with pink and red hearts. There's also a bouquet of slightly dirty fake flowers that look suspiciously like they might have been
Thing is, Dean doesn't have a lot of time left. Every painful throb of his head reminds him that each moment could be his last. There's probably no making his peace with Dad, but after the way Dad died before, after how bad it tore Dean up—well, Dean's got to at least try to leave things between them a little better than they were last time, right?
Full-body, head thrown back, laughing. Like John just told the funniest joke he's ever heard, except nothing about this is funny at all.
"That bother you?" Dean asks, tone deliberately light. "Wouldn't blame you if it did." Maybe that's why Cas never seemed to care whether or not they moved things past kissing. Maybe that's the real reason why he didn't want Dean to return the favor just now, and all that stuff about doing things
"See?" Dean says. "You're all so busy lining up to take the guy to kangaroo fucking court you forgot that you don't have all the facts."
Dean bolts for the door. He knows he won't be fast enough, he's never been strong or quick enough for Dad when it counts, but he has to try—
"Man," Dean says, leaning back against the seat and closing his eyes, "on the outside chance I do make it out of this, I promise you, I can do better than some psycho reaper." He adds, nice and sarcastic, "I used to be a professional, after all."
But to Dean's everlasting surprise, he is still alive and topside, and right now, thanks to Michael, he and Cas are firmly in park. No good getting busy with a Peeping Tom archangel riding shotgun, after all. But Dean doesn't know what to do with a parked car (at least in the metaphorical sense). They've kissed a few times now, which Dean is into, but Cas never touches Dean below the belt, literally
It's a little awkward, him and Cas getting into bed together; they've never done it when they were both lying down before. It's kind of a small frame to be holding two grown men, so they wind up very close together, Dean pressed full-body to Cas's side, one of Cas's arms draped heavy around his shoulders. It's more than he's ever touched Cas all at once before, and he feels drunk on it. He finds himself slipping his hand under Cas's loosened shirt just to feel him a little better, and his fingertips find that old scar from Michael's lance. Cas has frightened him a few times, too.
He's gonna have to get the idea across in a decidedly non-verbal way. He's gonna have to touch Cas first.
Dean takes one step towards Cas, and then another. Cas doesn't move until Dean puts a hand on his chest and pushes his back against the wall. Then, slowly, deliberately, he raises his left hand. Confusion crosses Cas's face, and so Dean uses that hand to grab Cas's right wrist and pull his arm up, then reach with his opposite hand into Cas's sleeve—where Cas always, always keeps his angel blade.
"Shut up!" Dean shouts again. "I'm not finished." He's never been angry at Dad this way. It's a heady, terrifying feeling. For as long as he can remember, he literally just could not say things like this, no matter how true they were. His whole relationship with Dad, hell, his whole life, sometimes felt defined by his silence. But now that he's finally started to speak, he can't stop. It makes him feel powerful. It makes him feel out of control.
Sam's eyes dart back and forth between them in concern, and he finds his voice first. "Of course not, Dad. We know better than to—"
"I'll keep an eye on him," Dean promises. And vice versa. They've been telling Jack not to use his powers; after Lucifer stole his grace and he died, they had to use some crazy-ancient Enochian mojo to keep him alive until some distant future point where that grace naturally replenishes, and every time he taps into his angel magic, he uses up part of his own soul. But if push comes to shove, Jack's got enough juice left to nuke Michael on the spot. And he'd do it, too. He's the only person on earth who hates Michael as much as Dean does, and he knows Dean wouldn't want it any other way.
A small sad smile tugs up one corner of Dean's mouth. It's a hell of a thing to have in common. "Sometimes you just...love someone anyway. They do bad things, and they hurt you, but you still—because he's still my father," Dean says helplessly. "I'm allowed to still like him, even if you and Sam and Cas and Mom all think it's stupid. Just like you're still allowed to watch Hatchet Man movies with me, if you want to." He slides another peanut butter cup across the table to Jack.
There is a long and thoughtful silence. Sam searches John's face. "I think," he says at last, "that Windom was the first time I ever really understood you. Dean and I fought over it, you know? Dean said the best way to protect Adam, or the thing we thought was Adam, was to keep him as far away from all this as we could. But all I saw was danger. How could we let Adam go on to live a normal life, when anything could come after him—for revenge, to use him as bait to get to us, or to you? I thought the only way to protect him was to train him, because we couldn't watch him all the time. And I finally got it—why we grew up as soldiers. Because the biggest difference between us and Adam wasn't who went to shooting practice and who went to baseball games. It was that we were the ones left alive, and he wasn't."
There's a long silence. Silent for them, at least—Michael is never silent in that cage in Dean's head. Sam's not quite standing between Dean and Dad, but he's standing so close to Dean that it barely matters, and he's making his message perfectly clear:
"No fucking surprise there," Dean snaps, failing to keep his exasperation out of his tone. "Sam, it's past time, man. I'm barely holding on here. Cas tell you Michael was screwing with my head, too?"
"What?" John takes a moment to catalogue Dean's reactions. Dean used to wake him from nightmares all the time, but it was never like this. When he was little it was always comforting: a hand on John's knee, an
"Sounds like a great idea," Mom says. She gives Dad this little wave which Dean knows means Dad won't be arguing with anybody about anything. "We'll cover the back. Text when you're ready."
This is the second time an angel's whisked his son away from him in as many days, and both times Dean was clearly in some kind of danger. And given what John just saw the kid—not even a full angel—do, he's got half a mind to march off after them and tear Castiel away from Dean with his bare hands. Angels are real, and angels are dangerous. There's no arguing that now.
Cas closes his eyes in mortification, and Dean feels a tiny thrill of victory at having successfully embarrassed him. "They do smell good."
There's a pause. It's not a coincidence who Dad picked to be the distraction—that's the same thing as
Mom and Jack are watching this conversation with twin looks of confusion on their faces. Damn, sometimes Dean forgets just how long he and Sam and Cas have been doing this kind of thing together. "Who are Metatron and Naomi?" Mom asks.
"I don't think," he says, "that you have any right to sit there and tell me that what I did to Sam was worse than what you did to him."
, okay, this is really happening. Heart thudding in his ears, Dean reflexively lifts his hips so Cas can pull his jeans off. But Cas only slides them down a little. Then he reaches into Dean's boxers and gets a hand around his dick.
John blows out a sigh. It's going to be a long ride home. "I missed you too, you know," he says. "More than
WELCOME BACK TO ANTI-JOHN THURSDAY. happy belated six month anniversary to everyone who experienced the absolute universal shift in the spacetime continuum on november fifth. this is the last time this story is going to have any chill whatsoever until the end. sorry in advance for the double cliffhanger. thank you so, so much for all the love last week. <3
"Listen," Dean says to Cas. "You gotta lay off my dad, man. I know you ain't his biggest fan, especially not with—some of the stuff you know." Dean told Cas some of it, like Flagstaff, a long time ago. But he's got a sneaking suspicion that Cas saw a whole lot more than that, when he and Sam were in Dean's head trying to help him cast Michael out. They just haven't talked about it. Dean doesn't even want to think about it. "But he's still my dad. It wasn't his fault he got dealt a shit hand. And we can't have any more accidents like we did today with Jack. We piss off my old man and Michael's gonna bust that door in my head to pieces. Is that what you want?"
"No," Dad agrees at last, and hangs his head. "But I'm starting to think my best just wasn't good enough."
No. They can't do this right now—Dean can't afford to, not with Michael to think about. Even if he could lose his cool without Michael breaking out of his head, he doesn't want to do it when this might be the last time he and Dad ever see each other. The whole reason Dean came in here was to give them a better goodbye than they had last time.
No, he's not. Michael is still beating away on that door, reminding Dean that he's probably measuring the rest of his life—or the rest of it that he's spending topside, that he's spending as himself—in hours, rather than days. If he doesn't make Sam understand this now, then he'll never get another chance.
with, that's for sure. All those pokes and prods—you may take it like a champ, but they say Dean takes it like a whore. How long do you think you can hold out when it's your boy's pretty little head impaled on my spike, hmm? How long do you think he will? Soon, sooner than you think, he's going to be strung up and spread open right on these very meathooks. And John, you've been fun, but I have to say...I can't
Winchester has gone and thrown a monkey wrench into the whole damn machine. Sam was supposed to have his back on this one, not make it all worse. Can he not use his fucking brain? Mom would go with Dad for sure, and then what would be the over/under of them ever seeing her again? Because Dad sure as hell wouldn't come back. All Dad ever does is walk away.
Oh. Something in John despairs. They were never supposed to know how bad it got. John was careful not to mention the demon blood to Dean—what little he did have to tell Dean was awful enough on its own. "How did you find out about all that?" he asks softly.
i'm gonna save my long notes for the end this time, but as a reminder, please be nice to sam, mary, etc in my comments section. you don't have to be nice to john. <3
Sooner or later, if Dean somehow survives this thing with Michael, they'll have to figure out which road they're taking, and Dean's never done anything like this with a guy before—he's driving blind, with no headlights and no map, and it's way too late to put things in reverse now. He's been dreading what comes next almost as much as he's been dreading spending the rest of eternity in the Pacific. Dean likes having Cas like this, while he can have him, but no car stays parked forever.
And there's an uneasy, nagging familiarity that catches John sometimes, when Sam is at just the right angle. It's taken him until now to realize what it is. Dean always favored Mary, but oh, now that Sam's older, John can see it: he looks a little bit more like his father.
me," he spits, still fighting to keep a lid on it, "then you will do this for me. You want me to sit on this thing for another couple of days, you want me to hold out when I know how it's gonna end, I need to know you've got my back. When he takes me, you
"I did tell you not to speak," Castiel snaps. "My grace has been stretched to its limit today, and your wound was very deep. It's taken multiple sessions just to make sure you didn't die, and I need all my concentration to keep you stable. If you're not quiet, I might lose my concentration and make a mistake."
scared. Not just scared—he's terrified. He doesn't want to die. And if Michael's worried about dying, that means this is going to work. Dean laughs through the pain, exhilarated. It's going to work. He's going to be free.
Dean's just so fucking relieved that he doesn't have to worry about that. An awful lot of his metaphorical skeletons have come out of his metaphorical closet this week. It's such a weight off his shoulders, knowing this one thing gets to stay between him and Cas. No one else needs to know. It still belongs to him.
Part of Dean thinks he realized it right then, even before the lights came on. There's the smell, sure—gun oil and whiskey, hasn't changed a bit—and the way no one else but Sam could ever nail Dean right in the solar plexus like this, kick his ass and leave him breathless with so little effort. But mostly there's just some unnamable thing that's instantly recognizable about this man, even in the dark. Maybe it's his profile, or the way he moves: Dean always could detect his moods without even looking, feeling them from a distance like an oncoming storm. Maybe he knew when he saw him. Maybe he knew after he got close. Maybe that's what made him so slow, so shocked stupid, that he let himself get thrown into the bookshelves right behind Sam. Even when they were sparring, Dean always had trouble raising a hand against him.
Sam and Dean explained that after John crawled out of Hell, his soul moved on. He supposed he must have gone to Heaven, if there is such a place, but he doesn't remember that. There was Hell, there was the fight and Yellow Eyes, and then he was here. So maybe this is Heaven, he thinks, looking down at the woman in his arms. How else could be he so lucky?
There are also board games, which Dean cleans up at. At first, everybody else held up better than Dean did because they haven't been sleep-deprived for a month solid, but as the day drags on, Dean's sheer practice at operating without any sleep at all wins out. Dean vetoes Monopoly, but they play a couple of rounds of Sorry!, a seriously weird game of Clue that goes on forever because they're all too wired to put together evidence (Dean bullies Sam into being Miss Scarlet), and an even weirder game of Mouse Trap that ends when the trap falls apart in the middle of Dad's turn.
is twenty-five. You must have had to check every clinic in the area, and then track down some of the staff who were there that day to chat them up. Maybe even dig up some old photos to jog their memories. Pretty impressive legwork, Sammy, especially after all these years. Don't know how you found the time with Michael crawling up all our asses, but hey, priorities, right?"
Dean holds up his hands. Fine, whatever, let them have their fun. The pit itself is on the far side of the bunker, in a little dip that's mostly out of sight of the road, so it's not like anybody's gonna see. But the sun's been up for a few hours now, and the four inches of snow that fell overnight makes everything look so much brighter, and Dean's just not used to a daytime fire in a hole.
"That kid..." Dad starts, clearly struggling with something. "Sam said—Sam said angels possessed people. Is he possessing someone? Is Castiel possessing someone?"
For a moment, there's real danger that Dean's gonna have to find the angel cuffs again, that Michael's going to use that helplessness to his advantage and come busting out of his cage. But then Mom takes a deep breath and reaches for Dean, and at the contact the noise in Dean's head drops down to a more manageable level.
"Michael's got plenty, but I'd have to let him out of my head first," Dean says. Michael bangs on the door in his head in reply. Whatever kept him so silent last night clearly didn't carry over to the morning after. It's really too bad. "And obviously that defeats the purpose."
Castiel inclines his head. "You give them far too little credit," he says. "They all had good things to say about you at one time or another—even Sam."
They're in his room. Everything is exactly as Dean left it. It's still dark, except for the warm glow of the lamp. Cas is okay, right here next to him, except he looks scared to death. Just like when—
"The training I understood," Sam murmurs, grim. "After all those years, I finally got it. It's not paranoia if they really are out to get you, right? But Dad, the rest of it..."
, Sam said, but Dean doesn't need to do that because he knows Cas will find him. Instead his feet take him in the direction of the garage. He misses his baby already. Even if he can't drive, he wants to be behind her wheel. He's just wondering if Cas will be there yet and deliberating over whether or not he could get away with doubling back for a beer when ahead of him the garage door opens.
And for a moment, he's awfully tempted to take her up on it. They parked far away enough that they have a few minutes until they're going to need to start being stealthy again, and Mom is the only person Dean can think of who loves John Winchester like he does—warts and all. If Dean said something like,
And in the years that followed the death of her family, there were whole weeks and months at a time where Mary couldn't seem to find the joy in anything anymore, but John would work himself to the bone to see her smile. He'd take her camping, take her dancing, go for long drives at night just to find a good place to look at the stars. John knew all of her favorite songs, the ones that could always get her to sing along, and eventually when they both got tired of switching the cassettes and fast-forwarding to the right parts, he put them together on mixtapes just for her. The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, Judy Collins—John kept them even after she died, because those tapes were one of the few things that always made her happy.
And once, when they're both on the couch watching Netflix, sitting closer together than they have any reason to be, Dean drops off with his head on Cas's shoulder. He wakes a few hours later to find that Cas hasn't moved an inch. It's the best sleep he's had in years.
"He's—" Dean splutters, trying to keep up. This is the worst day of his life. Was he seriously that transparent? "Nobody's out of my league!"
"You did," John says, numb. He glances briefly at Mary. Her eyes are wide and round; she didn't know about this part, then. "You drank demon blood."
To John's surprise, his throat is almost too tight to swallow. This is what he always wanted for Dean: a home, a family. He left his boys alone in the world, and all they had was each other. He lived every day scared to death something would be smart or dangerous enough to take them from him—or worse, that whatever sickness was inside Sam would get the better of him, and compel him to fall in line with all the plans the demons had for him, turning him into the very same kind of thing their family hunted. Dying hadn't alleviated his worries, but seeing his boys like this does. So they didn't get out—at least they're together. At least Mary is here. What could matter more than that? Maybe it's better this way. Their family is together again. John couldn't have even daydreamed of this. That's how incredible this is. More than incredible: it's perfect.
A realization strikes Dean then, and he smiles. "Hey, Sammy," he calls, and Sam looks up. "You forgot the salt."
Dean's surprised to find that on that point he actually agrees. After all, he didn't want things to change either. If he hadn't gotten hammered he might've never said anything about that day at all.
, says Mary's voice in his head, and John swallows down the nausea. She's right. That's exactly what Dean did, after all: he fought for John, even when the going got tough, even when everything else was telling him to let John go. Now isn't the time for John to put his opinions first.
Obviously there can be no massaging at the moment, not while they're fighting like this, but this bunker does have a well-stocked kitchen—so John makes Mary some tea.
Dean thinks about that for a sec. "Nope," he decides. It really has been a long time since he had sex. In a lot of ways it's even better than being drunk; post-coital inhibitions are practically non-existent. At least, that's the only excuse he can come up with to justify what he does next. Cas is sitting with his back leaned against the door and one arm on the backrest. So Dean just kind of leans into that empty space until they're pressed back together just the way they were before, and rests his head on Cas's shoulder again. "Let's stay here," he says, to cover his embarrassment. "Ever spent a night in this car? You'd be surprised how well she can sleep."
Sam sighs, taking the pot from John to dry it. "It's Dean's place to decide what to tell you, Dad. Not mine. And I'm not gonna fight with you about that, especially not after—I'm just not."
Dean takes another swallow of beer. His eyes find the bookshelf behind Dad. "Angels aren't like demons," he says. Michael bangs on the door in his head in agreement. "Angels need consent. Cas couldn't have possessed him without his permission, and Cas isn't the one who killed him."
But for all of that, Castiel was as good as his word: he didn't even shoulder-check John on the way out.
Transparent. Dean could blow him off, but...he needs a break. "Fine," he grounds out. He slips out of the space between his dad and the doorway. "Sorry, Dad," he says. "We'll talk later, okay?"
Silence, even from Michael, who's now watching with great interest. The clock on the wall ticks, and somewhere a few rooms over Dean hears the murmur of distant conversation. Dad must be so disappointed. He held out more than three times longer than Dean did, and
In the end, though, even if he is about to be Michael's bitch, he can't stand the idea of leaving a dirty plate lying in his perfectly clean room all night. He was so careful not to spill any food on his sheets.
You don't run from something like that. You can't escape it. There's no way out. When it comes to Michael, Dean's nothing but a rat in a maze; he learned that the hard way. It was an entire
"She died right in front of us," Dean says at last. "Mom, I mean. Me and Dad both saw her. Everyone else said it was an accident, that Dad was crazy, but we knew the truth. Just us. And Dad crawled into a bottle, but me—I stopped talking. You know about that?"
the one who kept us alive! I kept Sam in new shoes and clothes that fit no matter how fast he grew up! I'm the one who lied to teachers and bribed landlords and motel managers to keep CPS off our backs! I kept
Dean turns around, so he's facing Castiel and not John, and John can't see his expression. There's a moment of silence, and then Dean says, "Where's Jack? Don't tell me you let that kid park your truck by himself."
"Right on the money, kid," Dean agrees. Watching Jack watch the barn, Dean is struck with a sudden memory of his first vampire hunt, hidden in the woods with Dad and Sam, learning that vampires were real after all. God, he was practically still a kid back then, even at twenty-seven: wide-eyed and fascinated by the fact that the vampires could leave the shade for a short time if they wanted to, and truly still believing that everything would be over once they got their hands on the Colt and killed Yellow Eyes, because Dad had all the answers, right? Of course, all that changed real quick after Dad died. But Jack won't grow up to be like Dean—not if Dean has anything to say about it. "Come on," Dean says. "Let's work our way around so we can count the vamps and find the exits."
Sam finishes with the candles. "I'll do the honors." He brings out his Zippo and lights them up. "I'd say make a wish, but Dean's wish is what got us into this mess in the first place."
St. Michael the archangel. And that's where John has seen those sigils before: they're in his journal. The summoning circle, the exorcism—they're in the language of angels. Just like this box.
We squeeze our fist and the entire room falls to the floor. Employing this trick is a last resort. It's used often by demons, which are disgusting lowlifes that no self-respecting archangel should want to emulate. But at Hitomi Plaza it was the quickest way to shut the room up, and it works here similarly; with their insides writhing, their lungs half-crushed, none of them can fight through the pain well enough to move.
Dad does, though not without one last look at Dean's bedroom door. "Not yet," he says. "Tell me about these vampires. Your mom said they were immune to dead man's blood? How the hell does that happen?"
None of this is perfect. It's actually horrifically awkward. Dad is here, sure, but he kind of just stands around most of the time, unwanted by most of the people around him and unsure of what to say. Mom still claims they're taking a break and generally won't speak directly to him unless he speaks to her first. Sam and Cas are civil enough to him, but there's usually murder in their eyes when they think Dean isn't looking. Even Jack gives him a wide berth. This careful, weird ceasefire—right now that's all they have, and they only have that much by the skin of their teeth. Most of the time, that's just how life is: a constant uphill drive.
"Thirty minutes," Dean mumbles, eyes already slipping shut. He reminds himself again: the door is locked. Cas is here. "If anything happens, out there or in here—"
Dean's not gay. That should be more than apparent to anyone who's known him for even five minutes, but it bears repeating, just in case: he's not gay. People say shit like
Dean's never let another man kiss him, no matter how badly he needed the money. And he always thought doing this kind of shit would remind him of a john. But Cas doesn't smell like sweat and stale cigarette smoke and diner grease, just clean, like aftershave and ozone. He wasn't pushy or grabby; his hand steadied Dean's chin more than anything. He didn't even really invade Dean's personal space. The whole thing was over before it started.
"I do okay, though," Dean says. He's seated across from Mary, and they trade a little smile. "It may not have been Mom's, but this tastes just like Piggly Wiggly's."
"Hell," Sam repeats, and he's still grinning, but he manages not to lose it again. "The demon blood wasn't so I could lead some two-bit demon army, Dad! It was to make sure I was prepared." He straightens up, and suddenly all traces of mirth are gone. "To make sure my body was the perfect vessel. So Lucifer could possess me, and use me to fight Michael and burn down the world."
"No kidding," Dean agrees. Michael did take Dean over and over, and it was terrifying to watch light pour out of his father's face and know there was nothing he could do to stop what would come next. That's the other reason he didn't nap today; Cas can't guard his head forever, and there's not much that's more nightmare-inducing than Michael. "And hey, it's a good thing you didn't put me in the box after all, right? It all turned out okay this way. Pretty damn roundabout way for a pearl to grant a wish, but I'll take it."
Dean's actually not sure what he wants the answer to be. Apparently the Baozhu is, though, because Dad says, "It's me. But how did I get here? Last thing I remember..." His face hardens. "Yellow Eyes. We finally got the son of a bitch. And then I..." He trails off, frowning.
"I get it. I didn't always, but I do now." Dean sits up a little. "But man, I—I want to give that to you. I want to love you back, I just—I'm not good at this stuff. Tell me how to love you back. Tell me how to be good to you."
Several things happen in very quick succession, so fast Dean barely has time to process them. Dad grabs Dean by the upper part of his left arm, and attempts to walk him back towards the door he came out of, even though Sam is in his way. At the same exact instant Michael seems to decide this is his moment, and starts kicking up a ruckus, fighting to get free again. Almost before Dad's hand makes contact, though, Cas snaps, "
"And," Dean says over him, causing John's eyebrows to lift in sheer incredulity, "I just think you got more important things to be worrying about. That's all."
"I didn't say anything to Cas," Sam argues. Then his face changes as he realizes. "You told Cas. Wait—
works in the back, not the other way around. They've got a good four hours to get back home, not counting if they stop for dinner. That's plenty of time to talk. Dean'll pull teeth if he has to.
"Was I wrong to assume you wouldn't want a repeat performance?" Cas goes to spit blood in the sink. "We've known each other for more than a decade and I never needed to bring it up before. Why should now be any different?"
"Our lives are horror flicks," Jack says, faintly disapproving. "Are they really violent? I don't know if Cas would approve."
Dean rolls his eyes. Yeah, sure. No reason to grace that with a reply; Sam's probably busy. He hopes they at least got out of Jack and Mom's earshot first.
"You really should have taken a nap earlier." Sam sets his bags down on the kitchen island and pulls out the goods. A two-liter of soda, a couple of cartons of moose tracks, an actual whole apple pie, and—okay, that is definitely
"Hey," Dean says, surprised, heart leaping pleasantly at the sight—but, wait, was it his imagination, or did Cas flinch when the door opened? Dean closes it behind him, and locks it for good measure. "I wasn't sure you'd be here, I kinda thought..."
"Of course it's my business, Dean!" Sam's jaw is set, his brow drawn, his eyes all big and sad. He looks just like he did when he was a kid. "I'm the one who ran away. If I hadn't had to get out and get away from Dad so badly—you took that beating for me! It all happened because of me! It was my fault."
"Because there was no Dean in that world," Sam corrects. "There was no Sam, either. That reality was just like ours, except that we—they—were never born. So when it was time to stop Michael and Lucifer, there was no one around to do it. And it wasn't a nice place, Dad. Just the opposite. Nothing but death and destruction. The monsters there will tear you apart in broad daylight. Trust me, I'd know." The corner of his mouth turns up in wry deprecation, like he's remembering some grim inside joke. He flips another page. "We called it Apocalypse World for a reason."
That just leaves one person—one occupant of this bunker who's been around nearly as long as John's been gone, who knows Sam and Dean almost as well as John does, who doesn't like him enough to protect his feelings.
Cas does Dean the courtesy of not looking too openly disappointed as he pulls the needle out. He lays the half-filled vial of Michael's grace on the table next to the other one in front of Jack.
John's empty hands flex at his sides. He realizes that this is the first time the two of them have ever been alone, even during yesterday's hunt. "Which is?"
Fast money doesn't necessarily mean easy money. It wasn't much fun, to understate the situation. But Dean did what he had to do to make sure he and his brother saw the next sunrise with food in their bellies and a place to lay their heads. Always did.
Dean's still not sure why he told Cas. But he knows Cas thinks about it a lot, because now that he's more or less gotten blanket permission to touch Dean, he frequently winds up brushing his thumb over Dean's left eye. Dean never told him which one Dad hit, but he knows Cas saw it. If he was looking through Dean's worst memories when he was in there trying to get Michael out—well, Flagstaff isn't Dean's very worst memory, but it definitely makes the top ten. Dean tries not to think about it, or the other stuff Cas must have seen. If anybody had to see it, he'd rather it be Cas, but he's ashamed that it happened at all. He should have kept a better eye on Sam, or found him sooner. Or, hell, he was an adult; he could have defended himself. He just didn't. He thought Sam was dead, and anyway he's always been weak where Dad was concerned.
But Dean's older and wiser now. He knows it's better to keep driving and see what's around the next bend than to throw it in reverse just because you're scared of a few potholes. Still—it's a rare opportunity, one Dean thought he'd never get to have again. And it's his birthday. Why not say a proper goodbye to that old dream?
, and adds, "I think me and Sam are about to head out, though. Got a lead on a vamp thing in Wichita."
Sam looks up from his work. "And of you," he says. He pauses, like he's thinking about saying something huge, and Dean holds his breath, but then Sam seems to change his mind. He goes instead with, "You know, Dean tells you that stuff because he trusts you. And my brother doesn't trust anyone."
"I'm not asking if they got hit, I'm asking if you beat them," Mary says. "You know there's a difference."
Dean puts both hands on the floor, one still wrapped around the archangel blade. He spits blood, and uses his trembling arms to fight us and force himself to his feet.
...hi. happy thursday :) these notes are a textwall, so no hard feelings if you skip down to the warning section!
Mary was helping John from the storage room to the war room; with a concussion, he had to lean on her to walk. During the switch she fell to the floor, cutting her hands and knees on broken glass. Now we heal John's body of all its injuries and stand with it unaided—and with Mary so close, she makes the perfect target. "Hi, sweetheart," we say warmly, and twist a hand in her hair, dragging her up from the floor.
Dad takes a few steps into the room to take it from him. "Thanks." He takes one awkward look around the kitchen, then, despite what he said about Dean's breakfast yesterday, he grabs some of the bacon off the pan and splits.
"It's just a box," Dean says helplessly. "It's just got Enochian on it. I didn't do anything to it that wasn't in the IKEA manual. But—"
But the fight's over, and Dean's a real man now. His hair's buzzed shorter, and he's got a respectable amount of stubble on his chin. He's wearing a simple flannel, sleeves rolled up, and it's only too easy to picture him elbow-deep in the guts of their old Chevy instead of standing in this kitchen. And his clothes actually fit now. He's got meat on his bones, real muscle born of hard experience. John's boy wears most of his age in the wrinkles around his eyes, now, but there's not one inch of him the years haven't carved into a stronger, harder, more dangerous hunter than he was when they saw each other last.
Dean's panic rises sharply again and he cuts himself off. It takes him a long moment to shove it back down.
"We didn't fight, exactly," Sam mutters. He notices the cuffs on Dean's wrists. "Dean, holy shit, were those for
But if he goes after Dean, he can't stay with Mary. She's covered in blood but with no serious injuries; for a moment, when he heard her cry out, John had gone through the terror of her death all over again, thinking he might be made to witness it a second time. Not even for Dean can John leave her alone with this
At least they're on the same page there. John can't talk about it. He can't even think about it. It just won't sink in. He remembers Dean with
"Something's not right with you, son," Dad says, frowning. "And whatever it is, Castiel is helping you with it, isn't he?"
Dean searches his expression, spooked and silent, looking for—something. "What were you dreaming about?"
To his surprise there's a raised scar on Cas's left side. Dean's never really seen Cas with his shirt off, but he remembers the wound well: it's where that other yellow-eyed demon stabbed him with Michael's lance. Dean can't stop touching it. He runs his palm over and over and over it, like he could smooth it away if he just tried hard enough.
Dean's the first to try and break the tension. "Crazy, right?" he says with forced lightness. "I couldn't believe it either. Turns out they're real after all. Wings, halos, harp—the whole damn nine."
something else when John died. John wouldn't know what he is now, because nobody will tell him a damn thing. What the demons wanted Sam to do was worse than either of his boys ever knew—John did his best to protect them from that. Sam's fate always balanced on a razor's edge. If he fell the wrong way, would Dean do what John asked him to, all those years ago? Or would he follow Sam down that same dark road? And if Dean could be made to love one monster, could he be made to love more?
"What?" Jack asks, and when Dean looks up Alastair is gone, and the kitchen is normal again. "Did you say something?"
The only time John saw it change before now was earlier today, on their hunt. John and Mary had gone ahead in two separate directions to scout. They wound up meeting by accident at the end, and determined that the way must have been clear. Mary, clearly not wanting to be alone with John any longer than necessary, had closed her eyes and said, "Cas, all clear. Come meet me upstairs as soon as you can."
"That's not funny," Cas snaps. "I just said I might not be able to bring you back. I'm not going to gamble with your life!"
"I wish I was gay," Dean says, which is not actually what he means at all. He's not even that drunk right now, fuck. There's no fucking excuse for this. Castiel's eyebrows have shot up in surprise, so Dean amends, trying to keep his voice down, "I mean, actually I don't, because gross, sorry, no offense—"
Dean chokes out a wet laugh, eyes squeezed shut around a sudden rush of emotion. "S—sounds like him." He draws in a stuttering breath, head tipped forward. This isn't working. Thinking about Sam just makes it worse. Who's going to look after him when Dean's stuck at the bottom of the ocean? Who's going to stuff him with shitty junk food and stop him from growing out his stupid beard and make sure he doesn't fight with Dad?
"Damn straight," Dean says, jaw set. "And I remember how hard it was. I was there too, you know? I saw her same as he did. Yeah, fine, he's not gonna win any World's Best Dad awards. But he was hurting. I know how that sounds, like I'm some—but I mean, think about if I died right in front of you and there was nothing you could do. No bringing me back, no second chances. And he had two kids to raise on top of it, and we were brats a lot of the time. If—if—" Dean can barely spit it out. "If knocking me around a little helped him vent some steam and get through the day, what the hell. Seems like a pretty small price tag to me."
Cas is twisted all the way in his seat to look at Dean, one arm draped over the backrest. Even though Dean didn't turn on the lights in here, there's enough coming in from the stairway that he can just make out Cas's expression. And he's doing that thing with his face again—looking at Dean like he hung the moon. He does it all the time now, since his little confession in the hospital parking lot. Has he always looked at Dean that way, or is it only now that Dean has started noticing? "It's getting late," he points out. "Do you want to get some rest?"
That gets a laugh—even Dad smiles, and it doesn't look entirely forced. "Well, it worked," he points out quietly. "Check that off the old bucket list, huh? Right under the wire."
Dean never really realized until then how Dad made Sam feel. That's how he made Jack feel, too. And with Michael running down his clock, Dean's not sure he's ever going to be able to fix that. He hits pause on the movie and turns to Jack, giving him his full attention. "The way I treated you was wrong," he says. "I never got the chance to apologize for that. I'm sorry, Jack."
Damn it. Best Dean can do is a straight. He sighs and lays them out. "Dude, you're not supposed to beat me on my birthday."
Things have changed. Jack's their fucking kid—his and Sam's and Cas's and Mom's. Dean would die for him in a heartbeat. Unfortunately, dying for somebody is a hell of a lot easier than being a good dad to them; Dean should know. And Dean's not about to take the easy way out, not on this.
The thing is: Dean loved his dad with everything he had and then some, and he never, ever wanted to add to his burden. The last thing Dad needed was for Dean to bitch about how shitty and unfair their lives were, and how much they needed Dad to be there when he wasn't. Dean knows Dad did the best he could, and he never wanted to make Dad feel like his best wasn't good enough. Sammy did enough of that for both of them.
"Is that so," Castiel says flatly. A sudden frisson of static charge makes the hair on John's arms stand on end. There's some kind of furious crackling tension rolling off of Castiel, like the air before a lightning strike. Until now Castiel's stare hasn't left John once, but he takes his eyes off of him completely—casually dismissing him as a threat, John notes—to turn to Dean, and lifts a hand to his face. "Here."
Mary's right. They have time, don't they? Whatever happened while John was gone, they can figure it out together, as a family, because they finally
He was hoping Mom and Jack would still be in the kitchen, but the coffee pot is missing half its coffee and they're nowhere to be found, so they must be working somewhere else—working on
"It's an archangel," Jack says. "Not a demon. If he was a demon we could just kill him. Angels are worse, especially archangels. After all, the only thing that can kill an archangel is another—"
A family dinner. It's almost literally too good to be true. John has a fond and distant memory of Mary's meatloaf—best he's ever had. "Do you still cook?" he asks, hopeful.
Dad strides forward, physically putting himself between Dean and the route to the storage room, where the Ma'lak Box is. "No," he says, in his strictest no-nonsense don't-you-
Dean takes a deep breath and picks up the blade. "Okay," he says, flipping the blade around to aim at himself, thinking it over. It's difficult with the thunder crashing inside his head. His hands are shaking very badly, and he does his best to steady them. He's got to aim this just right. Where did he stab Lucifer, again? It's almost too bad Nick's rotting in prison; otherwise, Dean could just ask him.
back." But then Dean hears a familiar jangle. They reach the car—Dean leans on her too—and then Cas pops open the trunk. He roots around through Dean's shit like he's been doing it all his life and finds the angel cuffs in four seconds flat.
"I'm done," Sam agrees. Dean thinks that'll finally be the end of it, and then Sam adds, "At least until I'm sure I won't chase you back into the closet."
But Dean seems different now. Less focused on getting John oriented in the land of the living, and more focused on—and then John recognizes that expression. Over a decade ago now, but if you don't count Hell and then Heaven it was just a week or so from John's point of view. It's the look Dean gave him when he realized Yellow Eyes was possessing him.
Castiel and the nephilim arrive first, from the kitchenside entrance, skidding to a stop when they see the blood pooling in Sam's collarbone.
"Not for long," says Dean. He drags in one last deep lungful, then steels himself; things are about to get ugly. "Time's up, Cas. You gotta lock me in that box."
was just Cas letting him down easy. Dean can't exactly blame him for wanting to pump the brakes. He'll be the first to admit the whole thing was disgusting. He's damaged goods. He's not sure he'd wanna bang himself either.
"Sam didn't have to tell me anything," Cas says. "After a day like today, there's only one place you would go."
"Yeah, I bet." Years they searched for the Colt, with its finite supply of bullets, but a knife never runs out of ammo. If they'd had that back when they were hunting Yellow Eyes, things might have turned out different. For one thing, Sam might have been able to gank the son of a bitch when he was in Dad. You're a lot more likely to survive a stabbing, after all. "And he didn't kick up a fuss about you treating him like a second-class citizen?"
We grab Castiel by the hair, jerking his head back to force him to look at us. His face is almost as bloody as it was the day Dean nearly killed him while under the influence of the Mark of Cain.
Sam doesn't answer. This bunker is a maze. John's used to paying attention to his surroundings, mapping out all the exits, but he feels like he could never learn his way around this place. At last, when the silence has gone on so long John thinks of moving on, Sam says, "There was someone, for me. Another hunter. She didn't make it."
, just as the regular angel blade did, perhaps even worse. Our vision flickers and goes dark at the edges, and our hold on the humans loosens enough for them to scramble to their feet, but we do not die. Slowly, we reach up to grasp the blade's handle. We pull it free of John Winchester's sternum and let it fall to the ground.
Oblivious to Dean's sudden revelation, Dad lets out a sigh, bringing his hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. "I don't want to fight with you," he says finally. "We don't have to do this. We can start over, Dean. Just tell me what's going on, so I can help. C'mon, kiddo, the last thing we need is you doing something stupid."
a man. John can't decide which part is worse. He knew Dean had issues, from the way he had to grow up, but he just didn't realize the true extent of the damage.
The last word comes out in a scream. The last thing Dean sees as pain and light whites his vision out entirely is his father's grief-stricken face, his mouth formed around Dean's name. Something shatters inside him like breaking glass, something howls as Dean's body tears itself apart, every cell in his body lit on fire, and then, and then—
The last of Dean's fingers uncurl. The blade drops from his hands. And the door to the storage room explodes open in a shower of splinters just as Dean's only hope clatters to the floor.
Cas's eyebrows are climbing up his face. Dean jumps in before he can open his mouth. "Actually, I was thinking three teams," he says. "These guys tend to scatter first and regroup to take your head off later. A couple of us could stay out here to take out the stragglers."
There's always strings attached. Nothing comes free, and nothing comes easy. It's the best thing that could have happened, and the worst.
There's a pause. Dean swears and buries his face in his hands again, and in his head Michael crows over his victory. There's a lot to hate about possession, but in Dean's opinion, that's the worst part. It's very, very easy to forget where he ends and Michael begins.
"And have you go guano again? Pass," says Dean. "What about Heaven's nukes? Lot's Salt slowed him down."
Dean closes his eyes. It's only thirty minutes, but it's the best sleep he's had in a long, long time.
"How are you here?" he murmurs, stroking his thumb over Mary's shoulder in wonder. "How are you real?"
"Good job," Dean says, easy, clapping Jack on the shoulder, and is rewarded with Jack's face breaking into a grin. "Get yourself a machete, kid. You can be my scouting partner."
And on that thought, he sits up a little straighter. Sam's right; wouldn't do to conk out and have Michael manifest himself in Dean's back seat. "Fall asleep?" Dean echoes. "And miss this? No fucking way, dude." He's pleased to see the set of Sam's shoulders is more relaxed than usual, that he's absently drumming his fingers against his knee in time with the music. "Admit it, you're having fun."
Dean smiles, for real this time, hidden in her hair. "No, it's fine," he tells Mom. "You're doing great, trust me. This touchy-feely shit's hard work, everybody has a few hiccups at first."
Dean! John said yes to spare him his fate, and instead, because of him, Dean got possessed over and over. The last thing John remembers, though, is Dean being alive. John swallows, trying to get his mouth back in working order. "Where is Dean? Is he all right?" He coughs again. "How am I even...alive?"
?" John says, incredulous. "Castiel healed me." But one shared look and John knows that isn't what Dean means. He's talking about the possession. Watching your body hurt people you love. Being helpless against a force so unimaginably powerful that wants nothing more than to see you suffer. Everything you know, everything you are, on display for a creature that revels in your pain. No more private thoughts or hidden places. It's the worst violation imaginable.
That, Dean thinks, explains why Cas hasn't taken care of the bruises on Dean's wrists, the ones left from his time in the angel cuffs. He hates looking at them, Dean can tell. He must be saving all his juice for emergencies, like Dean getting chewed on by super-vamps. "You could just leave me dead," he suggests. "I've had a good run."
Is he thinking of how they left things before Stanford? John thinks about that all the time. But he can't afford not to push this. "Dean's my son. You're both my boys. I've got a right to know if you're in trouble."
When Dean finally pulls back, and dares to open his eyes, he finds Cas searching his face, expression all too serious. Dean wants to wipe that look off his face more than he knew was possible. "Hey," Dean whispers. "You gotta lighten up, dude. It's my fucking birthday."
Other realities—sure, why not? After angels being real, John's prepared to believe pretty much anything except Godzilla and aliens. He's much more interested in what Bobby's helping with this time, but there's no quicker way to end this conversation than to ask, so he doesn't. And it rankles him that this is how things are now: that Sam controls his behavior instead of the other way around, that there's no way for John to play the dad card and force Sam to give him what he wants. "What other reality?" he tries instead.
"The—? Oh," Cas says, exasperated. "That's not what I mean. I'm saying that I no longer need to keep watch for Michael. So..."
for this chapter include: discussion of abuse, physical altercations between family members, re-enactment of abuse, extreme violence,
They absolutely do, but Dean is prepared to lie his ass off about it. "This guy's not like most angels," he says. "Archangels are bigger and badder in every way. We're talking the ultimate elite. There's only four—Raphael, Gabriel, Michael, and Lucifer." Technically. There's two Michaels when you count the whole Apocalypse World clusterfuck, but he's not getting into that right now. Or ever, preferably.
"Dean," says Sam again, but Dean doesn't listen to him. He spins on his heel and starts back down the road. That would take him around to the tunnel that leads into the garage, but that's a much longer walk, so on the way there, he ducks behind a tree, and it's dark enough that even though Sam and Cas tried to follow him, they can't see exactly where he is. They think he's still ahead of them, so they speed up, giving chase—and Dean turns right around and takes the shorter route back into the bunker.
, without whomst this chapter would not have been possible. cathy writes extremely good spn fanfiction, so if you liked sam in this chapter, please go leave her comments and kudos in exchange for her sam girl sensitivity reading <3
. John had less than a minute at the controls of his own body, and even that took everything he had. And if watching Castiel fight on their outing today told John anything, it's that angels are far stronger than demons. But Dean's been acting like himself for days, ever since John came back. But maybe he's been possessed for even longer.
Cas searches Dean's face. "It's getting worse," he says, and this isn't a question either. "You're running out of time."
shouldn't have sold your soul in the first place, Dean, did you ever think of that? Maybe you shouldn't be living with angels, especially one that's Lucifer's kid! You had to know I wouldn't want that, not any of it!"
Cas's mouth twists down, unhappy. "I understand," he says, not a promise but close enough. It took Dean a long time to realize, but Cas puts him first before everything, the way Dean puts Sam before everything. That's why he wants to give Dad a black eye for what happened in Flagstaff. It's weird, and a little scary, but not exactly unwelcome. If Dean asks Cas for his support, he trusts that he'll have it, no matter how much Cas has to fight with it first.
And Dean's happy to take the path of least resistance, here. He sits back and lets it wash over him—the music, the rumble of the engine, his parents talking happily with one another in a way that he truly thought he'd never, ever hear again.
and not me? That's—that's crazy! What did I do wrong? Is it because I used my powers on the vampires?"
Dean studies his face, but he can't find the lie. "Yeah," he says at last. "Yeah, okay. Sure." He clears his throat. "Damn, those must've been some good burgers."
Where did he get that, anyway? Last Dean knew, Sam had it, and surely Sam didn't just hand it back over without a fight. But it's Dad's book, Dean reminds himself. If he wants it, that's his right. Dean just wishes he'd thought to take out some of the photos first. "Don't feel bad," he tells Dad absently; it's just reflex, to mind the guilt in his tone. "I pretty much forgot this year too. What with everything that's—uh, going on."
Dean appears in the doorway behind the newcomer and shoulders his way through. "He's a friend," Dean says, and adds, "a
"You'd be telling me out of the kindness of your angelic heart, huh?" John asks. "Or do you just want an excuse to tear me a new one first, for not being Father of the Year? Come on, Castiel, admit it: you've been itching to take a swing at me since the second I came back."
It takes another hour and change for Mom to cave. After Dean destroys her at Battleship one last time, she stands and stretches, saying going to bed at seven sounds exactly something a girl her age ought to do. And Dean is so busy watching Dad sadly watch her leave it takes him a moment to realize that just leaves him and Dad and Sammy—just like the old days.
If John Winchester ever learned anything about demons, it was that they lie. But sometimes—sometimes, they tell the truth.
She's immaculate, obviously. Dean doesn't park her outside these days and he washes her every week, come hell or high water (sometimes literally). Dad walks up to her real slow, and ghosts his fingers over the hood in wonder. "It can't be the same car," he said. "That semi totaled it. Did you find another?"
A shotgun cocks. An old, familiar voice whispers, "Don't you move," and an older, more familiar weight settles itself around Dean's neck.
. Dean closes his eyes. "And he didn't even..." What a stupid question that's shaping up to be. Of course he didn't warn them. He gave Dean next to nothing. He just told Dean he'd either have to save Sam or kill him, and then John Winchester abandoned his sons for what they all thought was the last time. Dean's hands open and close on his lap in retroactive helpless fury. If it makes him feel this bad, it's got to have made Sam feel ten times worse.
But Dean doesn't need John so much as he used to—he would never have shouted at him like that if he did. He's a man now, too, if not exactly the kind John expected him or wanted him to be. He found his feet all on his own. And looking at him with new eyes, John sees that the years grew around Dean like rings on a tree. At the heart of him, he's still just Dean. Comforting the child he scooped up and rushed away from that burning house and the man he sees standing before him might not be two such different things after all.
That's a trick. Dean's older and smarter and he knows better now. He can handle his shit just fine, whether Dad's there or not. He has been for years. And when he doesn't, well—his family has always been there to pull him out of the fire. Dad is the one who'd do something stupid if he knew. "Thanks," he says, real quiet, "but I think I'm okay."
He's gotta admit, it does make him feel a little better. It was kind of Mom not to mention that Dean didn't do the most thorough job of killing Lucifer. He said yes to Michael so he could ice the devil and save Sam and Jack, but even though Lucifer died, his vessel Nick survived, and Nick kidnapped and nearly killed Mom before Sam and Dean caught up to them. Dad definitely wouldn't approve. Dean should have dug that archangel blade just a little deeper.
The grip around his wrists vanishes. The lamp flips on. Through a haze of panic and a deafening cacophony of angel screaming, Dean sees Cas, unbloodied and whole.
Cas looks away for a long moment. Dean knows that face; he's picking his words, nice and careful. "Will we still be...us?" he asks finally. "If you're counting on this situation being temporary, Dean...well, I just think I'd better know now, before we keep going."
"Flagstaff!" he says, furious and disgusted. "I wish everyone would shut the fuck up about fucking Flagstaff! C'mon, Dad, you really think that's what this is about? Do you have any idea how many times I've been shot and stabbed and beat up on this job?
Dean's heart stutters in his chest. His vision goes a little blurry, the way it always does when Michael senses a chink in his armor. Thanks to his ears ringing, he misses the next few words out of Dad's mouth. He catches the end of a sentence that goes, "...and just what was so worth selling your soul over?"
The conversation's intermittent—they're both chewing—but eventually Cas asks when Dean learned to cook and Dean tells him a little about how he started playing around once he finally got a real kitchen to himself, after living like a trucker for the past thirty years. Dean mostly forgets about Cas interrogating him about his motives or whatever until they're finished eating, and there's a lull in the conversation, and Cas says, "I already had everything, you know. I just didn't realize it."
"You want to do what's best for this family? You want to know what I really want from you?" Dean's vision flashes white. The lights in the bunker hallway have started to flicker. "Stop walking out on me because it's easier for
Hm. Yeah, no, Dean's heart is definitely doing some kind of funny flip-flop in his chest. Damn it. He covers his face with both hands and groans.
Mom's holding her own against the vamps, but they don't see Dean coming and he makes quick work of them from behind. "You okay?" he asks.
At this point, Dean's almost got it back under control, but he doesn't stop Cas from putting them on. "Don't give that bastard any wiggle-room," he says. "Not an inch, Cas, you hear me?"
, and the helpless, frustrated exhaustion that comes with repeated failure. Something Dean didn't tell anybody, even Cas, is that he took that beating without protesting or defending himself because he hoped that Dad would kill him.
Sam's expression tightens. "I can't do that, Dean. Once we lock you in that box, I don't know if we can get you back out."
"Hey," Dean says stiffly, and dumps his dishes into the sink. Cas doesn't normally wash them; Dean doesn't trust him to catch all the grime, and besides he always bitches about the bad texture of wet food residue. He must be feeling seriously guilty to be doing housework.
"You're supposed to be rooting for Hatchet Man," Dean complains. "He's the one who got ganked. This is just good old-fashioned payback." Dean winces as soon as he says it, and scoots a little further away from Jack. In his head, he can feel Michael's eagerness at the idea of revenge.
"It just makes me wish you boys had something more. You and Sam barely even know what normal's really like."
And there it is. This is the moment of truth. Dean realizes with a pang that he's been putting off this conversation because he doesn't want things to change. He doesn't want to go back to not having Cas anymore.
"I still think there must be some way to use the archangel blade," says Mom. "I know the lore says only another archangel can use it, but has anyone else actually tried?"
to the list of things he needed to repress to function around Cas day-to-day and still be able to look him in the eye.
Dad slumps against the wall for a moment like he's literally seeing stars, like it's all he can do not to pass out. His nose looks like it might be broken. Dean rounds on his brother; if he was expecting Dean to thank him for that, he's going to be disappointed. "What the
From his spot at the table, Dean can see it all: Mom freezing dead in her tracks. Dropping the bags of gas station snacks she brought home for them. The shock on her face as she drinks it all in. She only takes her eyes off of Dad for a split second, and that's to look at Dean.
i don't want to imply john has magically become a good person, but i believe what he does matters more than what he thinks; it's better for dean if john stops the bad BEHAVIOR rather than simply disappearing because you're "supposed" to cut out abusers or it's more convenient to have him die. your parents don't have to be good people for you to love them and dean will ALWAYS love john. i think for dean the happiest possible ending is that feeling giving him peace instead of causing him pain.
It's not fair, Dean thinks again as he stalks the halls. Mom and Sam were supposed to be on his team. Now they're just going to make everything worse. The dread gnawing at his stomach feels like Flagstaff all over again. What is Dean supposed to say when he sees his dad again? How can he explain why he wasn't where he was supposed to be—why he wasn't there to stop it?
Dean shakes his head. "I got him," he says, "for now." He blows out a long sigh, watching the fog of his breath disappear in the dark. He misses smoking. Took it up for just a hot second back when he was seventeen, but the first time Dad caught him with cigarettes he tore Dean a new one—that was a lecture for the books. Dean's body was his most important weapon, he said, and weapons are something you have to take care of, or they won't protect you, and they sure as hell won't protect Sammy. Dean didn't get to fuck up his body for something so stupid.
Sam elbows him. "Don't fall asleep," he warns in a whisper. Sam's the only person who knows why Cas stays in Dean's room all night. He caught Cas leaving one morning, and telling the truth was better than letting him think Dean and Cas were fucking.
Dean's vision swims. The pounding in his head gets worse. One of the vampires grabs Dean's hair and, yeah, no, that's more than far enough. Dean knees it in the balls.
He's got the first two down; might as well get started on the third. For Mary—and for Sam and Dean, he corrects himself.
Jack's question wasn't actually a question, but Dean feels the need to try and answer him anyway. He watches David Yaeger's history unfold on the screen without actually seeing any of it. How can he explain in a way that a kid will understand?
Cas nods again, turning his face into Dean's hand, letting his eyes fall closed. Dean marvels at it, the way Cas seeks out and takes comfort in his touch. "I'm so sorry," Cas murmurs. "What Michael said—what he told everyone—I couldn't stop him."
There's a long pause, broken only by the swishing of water and Michael banging on that door in his head. If Dean knows his mom, she's smiling. "You know," she says finally, "when the boys were little I used to tell them that angels were watching over them. I wanted them to grow up believing in good things instead of monsters under the bed. I never dreamed they'd actually wind up with their own guardian angel. I guess what I'm trying to say is—thank you."
," Sam says, somehow putting decades of disappointment with Dean's taste in movies into a single word. "You're inflicting these on Jack?"
"Is there a reason," John says at last, scrubbing at Dean's potato pot, "that nobody wants to tell me what the hell is going on around here?"
," Sam echoes, his tone edging into hysteria. He drags his hand down his face, and asks, still grinning, "Why didn't you just tell us?"
A long time, to be sure—Dean can feel Michael's vindictiveness even now. But not forever. Dean would know, better than most: everyone breaks eventually.
And there's that feeling again: shame. John doesn't often find himself in the wrong, but he certainly wronged Sam. The violence came from Michael, but it was still John's hands that broke that arm. And John suspects Sam would say the arm is the least of it. John didn't deserve to be put first in line. If Dean hadn't asked—
Dean grins, remembering how Sam had started laughing as soon as the train left the station, and begged them to go again a hundred more times before they left. They rode that thing over and over, until he really almost
"I wouldn't trade the years we've shared for anything," Castiel says. "And we're still here. There are more years ahead of us. In the face of such a promising future, the rest hardly matters. I'm at peace with that. You should be too."
Then Sam gives him a severe, no-nonsense look that nearly punches the breath from John's lungs—because for the very first time, he sees his Mary in that stubbornly unimpressed face. "Do you understand? This isn't a motel. You can't expect someone else to do it for you. Don't go in the kitchen," Sam says slowly, enunciating every word, "unless you're going. To clean up. Your mess. You want room service—there's the fucking door."
Dean couldn't agree more. Unfortunately for him, Dad's not listening. "Why couldn't you have just been honest with me before it got this bad, Dean?" he whispers. "We could have found another way!"
"Okay," Dean says finally. "It's like this: after the fire I stopped talking. More'n a year without saying a thing. And the first word out of my mouth wasn't about Dad, or even about Mom."
Dean's heart is in his throat. Maybe...maybe just like he always knew, a little bit, that Cas loved him—maybe Cas knew that he knew. Maybe he knew the entire time that Dean knew, a little, and that Dean didn't mind. Maybe that's what he means. The thought is more than a little worrying. Was it just Cas, or could everyone could tell?
"I've got it," Cas agrees. He meets Dean's eye. "I'll be right behind you. Whatever happens—Sam and I will both be there."
John's leg is still wounded. We stumble and it takes two tries to kick Castiel away. He goes tumbling down the stairs, but a few seconds was all Dean needed—to slam the door closed.
There's a moment of stunned silence. Sam's eyes are huge and round. He whispers, "What did you just say?"
"This here is a trick my dad taught me and Sam when we were kids," Dean says, after they get down off the road. It's a pleasant, crisp afternoon, not too cold even under the dappled shade of the trees. "It's called a fox walk. He learned it while he was in the service overseas. When you're traveling through the woods like this, especially in enemy territory, start with your heel. Shift your weight from the outside in, nice and easy—yeah, see there? Perfect," Dean says approvingly, when Jack gets it right the first try. "Less snapped twigs. Even vampires have a harder time hearing you if you walk like that. Sometimes the best offense is a good defense." He winks.
And now that they're over that little speed bump, Cas reaches for him again. Instead of flinching, Dean gratefully leans into his touch, letting Cas cup one hand around his face to pull him back in for a kiss.
Mom and Cas are at the sink; Cas has his sleeves rolled up and is elbow-deep in dishwater, and Mom's drying. "Dean!" she says. "Hey."
"You'd need archangel grace to have even a chance," Cas reminds him. "And that's in woefully short supply."
Cas gives Dean a deeply unimpressed look, usually reserved for people he's fantasizing about smiting. Dean's still not into dudes, but it's actually kind of hot—at least when it's not aimed at Dean. "Dean, I've been on my best behavior."
But Mom might have a point about Dean taking his own advice. Later, after Dean makes Mom some tea with whiskey and tells her goodnight, he goes back to his own room to find that Cas is already there waiting for him, sitting on the corner of the bed like he's not sure he has permission.
"If that's what works for you," says Mom, "I'll back your play. But if you change your mind, I'm in your corner."
, suggestive violence, nonconsensual disclosure of personal information, and references to past abuse and sexual assault. these are intended to be vague warnings. more specific,
We come into the war room through the library, the opposite of the direction that we left. Sam and Dean are both on their knees, Sam cradling his broken arm, Dean's newly-healed hands fluttering over him as though he could be of any help. Castiel stands over them, one arm thrown over Jack's shoulder to keep him from running off, the remnants of his wings curled uselessly around them all; he is the first to spot us.
If Dean is scaring Cas, Cas is doing a pretty good job of not showing it. He keeps his tone nice and level. "All right," he agrees quietly. He glances down to where Dean is white-knuckling him and says, "Tell me how to help."
Cas reaches down and cups Dean's face so tenderly Dean feels as though any moment now he could break right into pieces. Dean closes his eyes and turns into the fingers splayed across his jaw. He parts his lips without meaning to, and presses an open-mouthed kiss into Cas's palm. It's a lot like he imagined, except without the scary part. Very quietly, Cas says, "You can help me with that tomorrow."
"Dean's all right," Mary tells him, though her concerned look at the bunker door leaves him less than convinced. "Let's just clean up."
Then there's the time Dean's in danger of nodding off on a long drive home. Cas reaches across the six inches of open seat between them to touch Dean's hand to make sure he's awake—and yeah, the immediate kick of adrenaline perks him right up—and leaves his hand there instead of taking it away. Dean counts the minutes on the dashboard clock. It takes twenty-one of them for him to work up the courage to turn his hand over and lace their fingers together.
A thought. The angel cuffs and the Ma'lak Box are gone. There is no longer any possibility of restraints or machines that can look into human minds. We would deny Castiel the comfort of going to Dean's side. Perhaps it's time to change things up.
Sam said Michael and Lucifer were both locked in the Cage. But he also said he'd been back from Hell for going on near a decade, and that Jack, the devil's son, is only a couple of years old. Lucifer must have gotten out somehow. And if Lucifer came back...
Sam helps Dean up from the table, then jerks his head at Castiel. They're doing it too, John realizes, with no small amount of irritation. They don't need to speak aloud just to talk over his head. This guy, this
That's exactly what Michael wants to hear. "Cas, no. Once I'm down there, you can't go messing with it—"
"The devil," Dad repeats again, gobsmacked. Dean doesn't often see him look so shocked. It's kind of unnerving, actually. "
is you leaving us, over and over and over, and acting like you were making all the big hard sacrifices 'for this family' when all of that shit fell on me!
Dean fucking loves this car. He can't drive her anymore, but for now just being with her is enough. This car was where they went after the fire that killed Mom, where they lived when they couldn't afford a roof and four walls, and the last place Dean laid when Lucifer was beating him to death, just before Sam wrestled back control and took them both to Hell. She's always been there for Dean, even during some of the worst moments of his entire life—and, his life being what it is,
John looks around as best as he can, but as far as he can tell, the room is empty. It makes the hair on his neck stand on end; after what just happened, he does not want to be alone with an angel,
"Mom's got a computer." Sam starts picking up boxes and shoving them back onto shelves. "She basically never touches it. Trust me, you don't want to use Dean's."
Cas opens the nearest door—one of the guest bedrooms—and guides Dean inside. "Jack's never had Chinese," he says. "With the amount of takeout we order, I don't know how that's possible, but there you have it. It'll be a brand new experience for him."
"I talked to Rowena on the phone," Sam explains. "She tracked down the spell he used. It's legit, but it calls for archangel grace that was extracted
"Mom?" Dean says, like that should be obvious. There's been an edge of accusation in his voice since he lost his temper, and it's only getting worse. "You made her cry last night, Dad. She won't even tell me what you argued about."
"This is what Dean's most afraid of, you know," we murmur. "Being forced to watch while these hands rip you people apart. We can drag this out as long as you like. It makes no difference to me. But it'll make all the difference in the world to Dean." We let go of Castiel's hair to draw the archangel blade lightly down his throat.
"I'm sorry!" she says, briefly burying her face in her hands. "I'm sorry, I am, but I can't just stand here with us both
It's really not so bad, with Cas. And it makes him happy. And maybe if this is all right, someday, the rest of it could be too. Dean doesn't know. The only thing he's sure of is that he loves Cas. Spinning-around-happy love. And whether or not he's gay is starting to seem less and less important.
His sons really are grown men now—Dean only a decade younger than him, and older than his mom was when she died. John's been gone such a long time.
What did John love about Mary? Her bravery, her spirit, her kindness. That she loved the Beatles and had a wonderful singing voice even if she always hit the notes off-key, that she'd read everything Tolkien ever wrote cover-to-cover about a hundred times and was so easy to embarrass about it. That she was bossy and drove too fast and didn't like cats. That she had a right hook that could lay a man flat, and that she never started fights but always finished them. That she could out-cuss every Marine that John had ever met but never let a bad word slip unless she damn well meant to.
"You'd better," Dean agrees easily. Vampires are one thing, but he doesn't mind if it's Cas. "Otherwise Michael's gonna be running around in my corpse."
"Look," Sam says, "you've been gone a long time. Dean and me, we're adults now. This isn't like you—you coming in from a job, and busting our chops if we hadn't been doing our homework and staying out of trouble. You weren't away, Dad. You were dead."
Dean knew it. His spidey-senses haven't failed him yet. "What happened to, 'fighting with Dad isn't worth it'?"
Sam ruins it a little by giving Dean a skeptical look, like, what, he'd rather Dad still be dead or something? This is a shit situation, but Dean will never wish his father wasn't alive. "You know this makes everything more complicated," Sam murmurs. "Dad's a hunter. This is a case to him. He's gonna find out sooner or later. And then what?"
HELLO. happy thursday. welcome BACK to the john winchester hate club. thank you SO MUCH for all the love last week!! i can't possibly say how overwhelmed i am each week with the response to this story, you're all so rad <3
Dean's eyes are wide, where he's still looking off at some distant point to John's left. "Yeah, well," he clears his throat. "Don't give me too much credit. I was never gonna last forever. He's a scary son of a bitch."
"I appreciate it," he says. "I do. Thank you. But I think the best thing we can do now is keep them from tearing each other a new one. You know, growing up—" Dean huffs out a laugh. "Dad and Sam, they got into it all the time. I mean, they
Sam and Castiel jump to their feet immediately. "Dean?" Sam asks. He looks scared—scared enough that John gets scared, too. He abandons his plate to hover anxiously at Dean's side. "Hey, Dean, you good? You in there?"
to indicate that he's risen to the bait, but Sam keeps his back resolutely turned. So John sighs and dismisses himself instead.
What he means is: Castiel himself still looks like shit, from where Michael tried to bash his face in. He fucking hates John's guts. Why the hell would he forgo healing himself in order to try and save John?
Naturally, Sam and Mary both look up when John steps into the library; John's been murdering good conversations all day. He raps on the table anyway, trying to keep the sudden souring of his mood out of his expression. He has an easier time thinking of Mary fondly when she's not sitting right in front of him, still angry for the crimes, real or imagined, he committed while she was dead. "Saw you were headed for a migraine," he says shortly, by way of explanation, and sets the mug down.
"He's really not," we say with a smirk, and we drag the tip of the angel blade up Sam's collarbone and across his throat, just deep enough to break the skin. Dean screams his silent fury, but Sam becomes very, very still. That's good to know: even the mighty Sam Winchester can be made to act as prey. "Small wonder that you were the one who had to throw me in and close the door. Dean never could have done it on his own. What you don't understand about your brother, Sam, is that he is fundamentally weak. He broke in Hell. He broke for me. And if I don't get what I want, he's going to break you."
Dad gives him a fond little smile. "So tell me what's going on. I'm your father, Dean, it's about damn time I shouldered some of the burden for
-together, and Sam and Cas and even Jack are all here with him, doing stupid shit like hanging up the world's ugliest party decorations for a surprise party. Dean really made it.
Sam laughs again. "Dean, seriously. I'm just saying, nothing changes. You're still my big brother, and you still kick ass. And even though I'm mostly really, really happy not to have a front-row seat to your and Cas's weird little mating dance anymore—"
Dean doesn't like to be handled so roughly by other men, but especially by this one. We could linger on why, but at the moment we have another objective. With one of his father's hands around his neck, pressing him into the jagged glass behind him, we reach down with the other and force his fingers closed around the cuffs. Then with our grace we melt them right in his hand.
It's grim, but there's a little hope in that for Dean. Whether it's one year or a hundred or a thousand, no one, not even Michael, will want to stay trapped in a tiny coffin at the bottom of the sea forever. It's not so endless as it used to seem. And when the end finally does come, if Cas is quick and strong enough to catch him before Billie throws his ass out into the Empty, then Dean might even get to see his family again, even if they're all in Heaven by the time Michael ends it. Either way, at least Dean won't be down there forever.
John is unsettled with how well everyone else seems to be taking this. "Power like that doesn't get used for
Dean leans away a little to let him see. "Yeah, well. Permanent kitchen. A man can't live on takeout forever."
"Angels want differently than humans," Cas murmurs against Dean's jaw. The hand on Dean's back trails upward, the pads of Cas's fingers making winding paths over Dean's spine. "At least, I seem to. But make no mistake—" He kisses Dean again, long and slow. "I want
Just then, there's the loud squeak of the bunker door opening—the same sound that heralded Mary's return to John's life. This time, though, Dean's head jerks up as if on a string. "Sam?" he calls.
Dean wasn't even supposed to be Michael's vessel. It was supposed to be Dad who broke in Hell first. Everything,
Sam and Cas rush in. Cas scoops the blade up off the floor very first thing, but Sam kneels next to Dean, one hand on his face so he can peer into Dean's eyes. "Dean? Dean! Answer me, man. Is that still you in there?"
"Forget it," Dean says. "You get near me with that thing and you're grounded until you're forty. We can't risk you losing your soul, Jack. Someone
"Have you even got enough slack in those chains to eat candy and popcorn?" Jack asks Dean, with what Dean feels like is an insulting amount of skepticism.
The nightmare was bound to happen sooner or later; John so often dreams about the cold November night that life as he knew it ended for good, and considering what he was researching when he nodded off it's unsurprising his subconscious would dredge that memory back up. But this time the house fire and Mary becomes fire of a different kind, Yellow Eyes replaced by something even older and more sinister, and before long John is trapped in dreams of Hell. The details blur together, but the constants John could never forget: the heat and pain, the terror and despair. The rattle of chains and screams of the other souls around him—those that still had throats and mouths to scream with. The way the demon torturing him liked to sing and murmur assurances while it flayed John alive or worse. It was agony without end.
"Dean, no, I swear it was the only one they had," says Sam. "We were kind of working on short notice, here."
"He doesn't trust anyone," Sam says flatly, and he steps forward too, to make himself an impassable wall between John and Jack, arms folded, expression serious. "It's okay, Dad. Jack's not gonna hurt anyone. Honestly, we're more worried about him getting hurt."
The moment our eyes land on the boy, before we can even begin to lift our arm, Mother Mary intercepts. Weaponless, she cannot hope to win, but she charges anyway.
Dean folds his arms. If the apology doesn't come with locking Dean in that box, he's not sure how much good it's going to do.
Dean shakes his head again. A few more seconds pass, his lips moving silently. After a moment he stills. "Sorry," he says suddenly. "I got some stuff to take care of. Don't skip dinner, okay? I'll come find you."
firstly: i say this every week, but since this is the last time...thank you all so, so much for the love on the last chapter. it got more comments than any chapter so far. i was actually STILL replying to them all as late as last night. six HUNDRED people are getting an email alert this week. that is so many!! i am beyond overwhelmed with gratitude. all of you have made working on this project so much more fun and meaningful.
John's jaw must be on the floor. Sam looks like Mary. He sounds like Mary. That's Mary's son. Has he always been like this? How had John never seen it before? But Sam either doesn't know or doesn't care how much he favors his mother in this moment. He holds out the mop and bucket expectantly; he's as serious as a heart attack. Furthermore, John realizes, he's right—John never really cleaned up after himself when they lived on the road. He used to try, when the boys were too little to pick up after themselves, but once Dean got in the habit he gave up on it. One of the very few perks of living the way they did was that every single mess he left behind him became someone else's problem. It's been so long since John's done housework he's honestly not sure if he remembers how.
That's why Dean's pistol with the ivory grips is his favorite—it was his first. Dean remembers Dad smiling at him and the weight of that gun in his hand and finally feeling like there was something in the world that made sense again. Dad was strong. Dad was brave. Dad knew how to fight back against the monsters and the nightmares, and Dad was going to make sure they were safe. And if Dean worked hard, he could be just like him. That's what his mom would want, right? For Dean to be brave?
John used to hold her, and speak softly to her until she came back to him. He doesn't know how to be that gentle with Dean; Dean is a grown man, no longer a child young enough to sit on his lap or sweep up into a bear hug. John only knew how to comfort him as a child. He tries anyway, in vain: "Dean," he says quietly, touching his shoulder. "Son, what's happening to you?"
She puts a finger to his lips. "Listen to me, John Winchester. You're my husband, and I love you. You don't trust the angels, fine. But I need you to trust me. Dean's okay. I wouldn't send our son away with someone who'd hurt him."
about the tricking: i think it would take something this bad to give john a wake-up call he'd actually hear, but i couldn't force dean to go through ANOTHER nonconsensual disclosure of his history. so while cas suspected john knew, he didn't know for sure, and he feels he is protecting dean's privacy by not having john confirm one way or another, and by threatening him to keep his silence. and no, for a variety of reasons, john is NEVER going to tell. having to live ALONE with that knowledge/guilt forever is the only punishment i could give him without also hurting dean by proxy.
At least he still has Dean. At around lunchtime John's boy finds him with a couple of beers and a plate of sandwiches, saying, "I don't know if you ate your breakfast. Don't tell Sammy I said so, but Dad, a man can't live on bacon alone."
It doesn't work, of course. They both knew it wouldn't. Cas isn't an archangel. Dean sits up so he and Cas are face-to-face, noses only inches apart. Then he reaches up with one hand and pulls the blade out nice and slow, a perfect mirror of Cas pulling the demon-killing knife out of his heart the night they met.
Dean's got to admit: Cas and his baby, that makes a real pretty picture. Cas ghosts his fingers over the wheel with the appropriate amount of reverence as the Impala roars to life under his hands. He's still a little roughed up from that thing with the vampires; there's blood on one cheek, his hair's a mess. He even rests his left arm on the rolled-down window, so that just his right hand is on the wheel. He has absolutely no idea what he's doing to Dean, and it's still kind of weird to think of Cas as hot when Cas is a dude, but
"Course not." Dean elects not to inform Dad that since his birthday is less than a week away, he practically already is forty (which is really weird when he remembers Mom technically just turned thirty-two). He just waits until Dad's back is turned to steal three pieces off the plate and cram them into his mouth at the same time. Small comforts are all he has, these days. With the way things are heading with Michael, he really
Cas gets to his feet too, looking truly unsteady. "Are you saying all of this because you feel guilty? Be honest."
Dad narrows his eyes at Cas. "Sure," he says easily, in a tone that means he's starting to suspect that they won't.
They make good time down to the barn where the vamps are holed up, and they're nice and quiet. Dean, crouching in the underbrush nearby with Jack, knows it's the right joint because even though it looks totally abandoned there's a new-looking tarp covering one of the holes in the roof.
Dean is caught totally off guard at the way his eyes prickle at that question. Dean's close to his mom, has been since he broke through that brainwashing the British Men of Letters put on her, and they're always honest with each other now—but he didn't realize she'd noticed. "I'm okay," he says roughly. "Mom, I'm—I'm thrilled he's here. I haven't seen either of you look so happy since I was four. It's like—sometimes this family feels so cursed. So we deserve one good thing, huh?"
The sight of Dad smiling always makes Dean feel better. Now they're on a roll. Dean scans his memories, looking for the other bright spots. "Mardi Gras," he says, snapping his fingers. "Drove all night to get us to New Orleans in time for the parade. I can't remember the last time I got that drunk."
Dean's hand closes nervously around the trash bag. He feels like he's done something wrong. He knows how much Dad hates cleaning. "Are you sure?"
And with all of them sizing each other up over the tops of their cards, it does feel a little like Dean always imagined it might. Like Sam and Dad don't hate each other and there's no fights for Dean to referee and they all actually do want to be here. A good part of that's fake, or temporary—but it's nice of them to play along.
John does see them. He thinks it might be the first time he's ever really, truly seen them—Sam in that clearing near the vampires' nest, and now Dean through Michael's eyes. In a way, because Michael had been in Dean's head too, it was like seeing Dean through his own eyes. It's not a pretty picture.
"Dean." Cas stops him with a single light touch to his wrist, where the angel cuffs did in fact leave bruises. "Not tonight."
—but just before her hands touch his, she stops, frozen a few inches away. She seems to have remembered that even though she might still love him, she doesn't know if she'll ever be able to forgive him.
Sam, on the other hand, is a different story: the concern is rolling off of him in waves. Dean never quite got the hang of Sammy's puppy eyes, but he gives it his absolute best try. "Fine, I'll let you ride shotgun. Come on, man, cut a guy a break. This time yesterday I thought I was gonna be swimming with the fishes. Literally."
"Castiel?" Mom asks, surprised. "I've seen him get rough in a fight, but he's always so gentle with Jack."
We backhand him again. John's wedding ring splits open a small new cut on his cheek, just like the one he got during that first scuffle with his father, the day John came back.
For a long time, the drive back from Wichita is silent. Mary drives, and John rides shotgun, and they just don't speak to one another. John has no idea what he could even say. But he's known Mary long enough to tell when she's trying not to cry.
Cas hesitates, hand shaking around the blade. "Cold feet?" Dean chuckles. "That's adorable. You should have put me in that coffin when you had the chance."
"I'm sorry," Mom says again. "I wanted you to lean on me, not the other way around. I wanted to give you somewhere to put it down."
Dean doesn't find out until they get back to the bunker. Sam ushers him ahead and carries all the grocery bags himself, and when Dean steps into the kitchen, he's greeted with the sight of Cas, Jack, and his parents standing there waiting for him, and—decorations.
Dean's heart is in his throat. "Dad still loves you," he tries to explain. Why isn't she getting it? She was supposed to understand. She was supposed to remember. She was supposed to love Dad like Dean does. "Whatever you think he did—it's just because he was in such a bad place after you died—"
"Sure," says Dean, and fishes his keys out of his pocket. It's, what, only four hours to Wichita? He can't exactly say no. "Knock yourself out."
Dad was always at his best when he was in a good mood and hadn't been drinking. Not counting the one beer Dean gave him at breakfast, both of these things are true during their trip, and once Dean gently prompts Mom to put in that old mixtape Dad made her, the one with the Judy Collins song, Dad gets to telling stories about when Sam and Dean were little. None of the depressing shit—stupid stories, about how when Sam was a baby he went through a phase where he wouldn't sleep anywhere but in the back seat in Dean's arms, or about Dean learning to swim when he was eight and, thanks to some kids at school, being a hundred percent convinced there were snakes in the lakebed waiting to bite off various appendages if he touched bottom.
Normally this kind of quiet doesn't bother John, but today it makes him uneasy. "It's good meatloaf," he tells Dean. "Reminds me of your mom's."
Mom squints at the projector as they crowd into the library. "Is that Hatchet Man? They must have made more of them while I was dead."
Mary ducks her head and laughs. "Ah, no. No, that'd be a disaster. Unless we're getting takeout, Dean usually makes dinner around here."
Pain as the fangs tear out of his flesh. The vampire snarls, hunched over—and then it stops dead, trembling, and begins to scream. Light and fire start pouring from all the orifices in its head, and every cell in Dean's body goes slack with relief. Dean knows it's Cas before the vampire's corpse falls to reveal him standing there.
"Hey," Sam jumps in. He touches Dean's shoulder lightly. "Dean, man, why don't you go take a walk? Go find Cas. Get some shut-eye or something. We're okay here."
"Just shut up," Dean says roughly, and he's shocked the words left his mouth, but he's more surprised to find that he means them. Whatever Dad was about to say, right now, Dean honestly just doesn't want to hear it. His heart is beating so hard, his whole body coursing with adrenaline, his hands trembling at his sides. He's never, ever spoken to his father like this—but right now, he's way too pissed off to be scared. "This was mine. I had it handled. You got no right—"
. As John watches, he grabs a spoon off the counter and tastes a little. He looks...cheerful, John realizes, and at the same time he realizes that he has never, not once, seen Dean enjoy himself in the kitchen.
"Until your birthday, Dean." Dad nods at the clock on the wall, rubbing the back of his neck. "Kind of weird, dying in the summer and coming back up in January. If I hadn't been reading through this old thing..."
"No," Mary says, too quickly. "No, God—it's their home before it's mine, John. Sam said as long as you—you can't treat Jack the way you treated them. But I think you should stay, if you can follow their rules, and they don't ask you to leave. I think leaving would be just about the worst thing you could do to Dean right now. But you and I..."
not," Dean snarls. "Sam and Cas did that! They went in my head, they jogged my memory, they threw him in that cage in my head and closed the door! And they can't do that for you because they don't mean the same thing to you as they do to me! If Michael gets in you, you are on your own, do you get that?"
"Then you gotta get everyone outta here," Dean says. "Get the cuffs, chain me up in the dungeon. I'm hanging on by a thread, here, man. I'm talkin' hours. Maybe even less."
And he's done this before, he did it when Dad died, he did it when Sam left, but somehow that just makes it worse. The thought of all those long years he's going to live without ever seeing Cas again freezes him in place, and something seizes up in his chest, and—
Dean's panting, swaying on his feet. Multiple possessions will do that to anyone. Little wonder he didn't dare leap at us himself; he could not have slowed us down for even a moment, not like this. "Not today," he manages. "You're gonna have to go through me first."
He has a little breakdown about it the next day at 11 AM in the kitchen. It's nothing in particular that does it—he's somewhere between still hungover and already drunk again, his mind is wandering, and mostly what he feels is numb. But then something sticks in his head about how it's been less than a week and it already feels longer than all forty years he spent in Hell, and he's got more weeks ahead of him, weeks that stretch into months and years and maybe even decades. When he's fifty Cas will still be dead. If he makes it to eighty Cas will still be dead.
"You just weren't old enough to remember." No matter how much of a clusterfuck this has been, if Dean's gotta go on his one-way ocean dive, he couldn't be more grateful that he gets to spend his last days topside like this, with his whole family together again after three fucking decades. "If the pearl couldn't get rid of Michael, this was a pretty good consolation prize."
It takes only a moment. Our eyes are on the nephilim, not on Sam. He shouts "Mom!" and with his uninjured hand throws the angel blade. Then—
Dad's jaw works for a long moment, his eyes bright. Dean can hardly stand to look at him. "And you had the same jailer I did."
Dean could try to explain, again, that that's what he wants to be done to him. But Cas is being a little bit selfish. Which still pisses Dean off, a lot. But—
We're giddy in our relief, wrathful in our fury. That blade can't kill us after all, not unless it's wielded by an archangel, and Jack is still unconscious on the floor—but that doesn't mean it didn't hurt. It is decided: we're killing Castiel last. We're killing him slowest.
Because John knew, come hell or high water, that Mary loved him back. When she laid into her father for calling John a know-nothing do-nothing, when she watched the game with him on Sundays despite not giving a damn about football, when he woke with his own nightmares and she comforted him with her touch—it was because she loved him just as much as he loved her. And that made all the hardships worth it. No matter how often they fought or how many bumps in the road, she loved him back, and John knew that down to his bones.
"Let's make this easy," we say pleasantly. "Break the wards. I want that door open. Or I'm going to turn Sammy here into a little red smear on the floor."
"Jack and Cas have saved our necks more times than I can count," Mary says warmly. Just the sound of her voice makes something in John relent, relax; this is a strange situation, and he's wary of these so-called angels, and he has so, so many questions—but how much can it really matter if Mary is finally here beside him again? "Just a few weeks ago we were working on a rugaru case up in Michigan, and I thought we were finished—then out of nowhere comes Jack in Castiel's truck. Sent 'em all flying into an electric fence."
"Don't," John says sharply. Dean used to stammer sometimes as a kid, when he was upset or overwhelmed or, more often, was looking for a lie. It used to drive John crazy. Dean grew out of it by the time he hit middle school, but it turns up every so often like a bad habit, and still annoys him just as much today as it did back then. "I don't want to hear any more excuses, Dean. I overheard the angels talking. They said you wanted to keep me out of something. What have you got yourself into?"
Dean can't stop the laugh that escapes him. "Sammy, all we were doing was cleaning up our own messes."
That's what he used to tell himself, after Dad died. It wasn't fair to get angry at Dad for being dealt a crap hand, for struggling to do right in a world that did him wrong. Everybody's human. Everybody makes mistakes. When the anger did come it made Dean feel so guilty, like he was speaking ill of the dead, or being a bad son. So he reasoned it out the only way he could: there was no point in being angry with Dad, because Dad did the best he could. But Dean could at least be angry that Dad's best wasn't good enough.
Sam does neither, but in a moment, it stops mattering: John Winchester appears at the end of the hall, looking every bit as furious and scared as Dean is. If Dean had any doubts about whether the prayer he heard was real before, they're gone now.
John sighs. "Yeah," he agrees, and gets out of her way so she can leave. She takes the mug with her.
"I don't think he's..." Cas starts to protest, but Dean meets him with a sideways look and he sighs. "Well, all right. Maybe a little."
Dean cuts Cas a glare, but on seeing his face realizes that Cas isn't asking to be a smartass. He actually wants to know. Dean has no idea how to explain it to him—his head knows it was wrong for Dad to do some of what he did, but the rest of him is too stupidly, stubbornly loyal to get angry about it, especially now that Dad is back. Dean has always been willing to do anything to protect his family, and that includes Dad.
...and, yeah, that about covers it. as usual, BE NICE to sam and mary in my comments section, and enjoy the chapter! 0:)
Hell, a place he was pulled from by the angel currently healing the mortal wound of someone he hates.
"Past Dean being your brother?" Cas asks, with what is frankly an insulting amount of skepticism. "Past Dean being Dean?"
"He does this all the time?" John asks, his alarm rising. "What, and you all just let him run around vaporizing people?"
Dean chews his lip. "Yeah, maybe." Truth is, when Dean thinks of Michael, the face he sees is his own. Inside his head, Michael, sensing Dean's thoughts, rattles the bars of his cage, leaving a phantom ringing in Dean's ears. "That was a different Michael, though, not the bastard I've got locked up in my head. Doesn't make any sense."
"Okay, okay, knock it off," Dean says, but he sounds pleased. "Burgers next time. Quit yapping and eat before it gets cold."
But now that it finally is all out in the open, now that Dean knows Sam has spent, what, five years kicking himself over it? He wishes Sam had never found out after all.
WELCOME BACK & HAPPY THURSDAY. thank you SO MUCH for all the love last week, i literally don't even have any words LEFT for cool it is that you all keep coming back week to week to read along. i am humbled <3 even if it takes me awhile to respond to everyone's comments, i promise i am reading them all with stars in my eyes.
dead, Jack with blood all down his front, Mom's eyes missing, Dad's neck cracked, and Sammy missing his skin, but they're standing there like they're alive, staring at him. Dean reels back in sudden horror, or he tries, but his feet are frozen to the floor. He wants to cry out, but his voice is gone.
Dean's heartbeat is hammering against his ribs again. "Nah," he says, forcing himself to sound casual. "Nah, man, it's all right."
Yeah, no. Dean jumps on that grenade real quick. He gets to his feet too and says, low and urgent, "You did the best you could. You gotta believe me—I know you did the best you could."
This wasn't just Dean's last hope, it was John's too. All thoughts of not fighting against his possession vanished on his perception of our deal being broken; his Plan B was to force us into that box the same way that abomination of his once threw the devil into Hell. But the father isn't made of the same iron will as the son. He holds no power over angels.
never broke. When Dean dares to open his eyes again, Dad isn't even looking at him. His head is in his hands.
"I just—" Dean puts down his burger. Keeps his eyes on his own plate. "I don't want to give you the wrong idea. I'm still not—" He lowers his voice. "I'm still not gay. You're good, we're
Near the end of the fifth movie, though, the bunker door squeaks open, surprising both Dean and Jack. "We're back!" Mom calls. Dean and Jack meet each other's eyes and panic. "The movie," Jack hisses.
Then one day about a year on down the line Dean wakes up and strolls into the kitchen to find three people at the table—Sam, Eileen, and Cas.
Things are different now. Dean will always love his father, no matter what. He'll always want him to stay. But these days, having his dad around makes him feel less safe, not more. All of Dad's reasons have begun to look like excuses. And Dean's a grownup now. He's his own man. He has Sam and Cas and Mom and Jack. He loves his father very much, and no matter what he always will, but he's coming to realize that he doesn't
"I get it," Mary says finally. "It's easier to think that putting distance between you is the way to fix it. It always worked with us, you know? I mean, Dean's right. Even before the boys came along, when we fought it was always you running—and hell, me letting you. You'd stay at Mike and Kate's for a few days, and then it'd all blow over, because we loved each other, but it'd never really get
Unfortunately, Mary and the boys aren't his only family. For better or worse, there are the Milligans to think about—it's been so long, John doesn't even know if Kate is still alive, and by now she and Adam must think he's dropped off of the face of the earth. He just needs to check on them, to make sure they're okay—then he can get back to being here, and making things right with his boys.
John is about to excuse himself—he doubts very much that he and Sam currently have anything more to say to each other—when Sam guesses, "Extra lemon for the headache, right?"
Dean tries to calm his nerves. Inside his head, Michael's always banging on that door, and any time he slips, the banging gets worse. When Dean gets too pissed, too sad, too scared, too drunk—and that last one's a real pain in his ass. Dean's got be on his toes 24/7. He's barely even sleeping. No rest for the wicked, after all.
"Unconditionally," Cas corrects. He hands Dean the frayed little hand towel hanging on the fridge door. "When he was still knee-high and stealing your Spaghetti-Os and nothing but trouble to look after, you didn't love him because of anything he did for you. You loved him because he was Sam. In the same way, I—" He stumbles over it a little, like he's still not sure he's allowed to say it. "I love you because you're you."
happy thursday & welcome back to ur weekly installment of the john winchester hate club!! one of my favorite scenes of this fic is in this chapter, i'm very excited/nervous about it. i may have spent a good portion of yesterday wringing my hands. thank you so, so, SO much for all the love last week, there are not human words for how overwhelmed with gratitude i was. please don't take it personally if it takes me awhile to respond to comments; you all have left me so many it is literally taking me days to get to them all. it is the best sort of problem to have. <3
As predicted, Sam doesn't seem to care about the arm at all. It's just that John doesn't know how to apologize for the rest of it. He's never known how to talk to Sam. Where would he even begin? Even if he did, he's not sure Sam would want to hear that, either. "You okay?" he tries.
Dean's heart is going double-time again. He's not gay, and maybe he never will be. Maybe all the fucking of guys he'll ever do is already behind him. But it's okay, with Cas. He thinks that if Cas wanted to try, someday, he'd want to try too. Only they'd have to start small. Baby steps.
Dean's hands squeeze reflexively around the wheel. "Nah," he says. He struggles a moment and then says, "Hell, Cas, I can't sleep with Sam in there giving Mom the talk. I think—I think maybe he figured out about Flagstaff."
It's a miniature birthday cake...covered in rainbow sprinkles, and trimmed with pink frosting. Dean suddenly cannot meet his father's eye. He picks his jaw up off the ground, looking up at Sam instead. "Dude," he hisses, "busting my chops in the car is one thing, but—"
"Don't worry," Castiel says, a little too pleasantly. "You're Sam and Dean's father; I'd never lay a finger on you. If you're half the man your family thinks you are, when I'm finished with you, you'll be doing all of that yourself."
"Don't blame Jack," Cas says quietly. "Your father was the one who overreacted. He's the one who upset you—"
But Castiel gives him a sharp look. "Dying is easy," he says, an echo of Dean's words in the hallway, just before Michael overtook him. "I think you've taken the easy way out enough for one lifetime, don't you?"
Ugh. Dean debates with himself for a moment before deciding to hang back. When he spied on Cas and Mom it was mostly an accident—he didn't want to deal with Cas, and he didn't want to interrupt. Now, though, he's wondering what Sam has been saying about shit like Flagstaff when Dean wasn't around to hear it. There's no real cover out here, but it's dark enough that it hardly matters. It's actually kind of alarming that Sam and Cas don't notice someone so dangerous has gotten so close. Who's gonna keep them in line when Dean is gone?
"Consider that a last resort," Sam says darkly. An idea seems to strike him and he turns to Cas. "Hey, remember when we were fighting Alastair? He used that weird angelic exorcism and almost kicked you right out of your vessel. Would something like that work on Michael?"
Fine. Whatever. Say Cas and Sam are right and Dad's an asshole on purpose—a mustache-twirling supervillain who abused his poor helpless sons into a lifetime of daddy issues without losing a wink of sleep over it. The guy's only been back from the dead for two days. He looked like he only got a little more sleep than Dean did, and now his whole family thinks he's some kind of monster and won't talk to him. He's not even getting real breakfast, and there's not much worse than not getting enough to eat; Dean should know. And this is still Dean's
sons, not because they're mine. That's what it means to be a parent. And look, I know I'm the last person who...I can be closed off, sometimes. Distant, even cold. I know that. But they're worth the effort because they're my kids. Sons," she corrects herself. "They're not children anymore. They don't need to be babied. They just need us to do the hard thing—they need us to be there for them, to make up for all the times we weren't."
Dean stumbles back against the wall, as weak and exhausted as if he'd just gone a hundred rounds with a demon. He sinks down to the floor, horrified.
, for lack of a better term, but it's not like they can do anything about it with Michael keeping them stuck in park. They've only even kissed a few times. And kissing Cas is mostly good, even if it does sort of make Dean's heart want to burst right out of his chest Looney Tunes style every time they do it, but it makes him feel guilty and anxious, too; he doesn't want to let anyone see, especially not Michael. Michael seeing something even more than kissing, assuming Dean could even work up the nerve to try anything like that, would be...well, bad. It makes Dean cold inside to think about Michael leering at something that should be private, like he's some john at a dirty truck stop bathroom who just tossed Dean a fifty. Dean already sold himself to Michael once; he doesn't plan on doing it again.
Dean and Jack park the Impala and Cas's truck about a quarter of a mile down the road. "I didn't hit anything," Jack reports, sounding pleased. "Didn't even swerve over the lines."
At any rate, whatever Sam and Mary have been saying about John behind his back has clearly left an impression on the angels. Castiel never liked John, and whatever benefit of the doubt Jack was willing to extend was ruined by their confrontation at the barn. And John wouldn't give a shit except that these two clearly mean something to his family, and John can't say he's enjoying being on the outs with them.
There is a moment of perfect silence in their little clearing. A breeze blows through the tree branches above, making light and shadow play over Sam's shocked expression. "What?"
Dean rolls his shoulders, stiff from sitting in the same position for too long. "Nah," he lies. "But I promised Cas I'd be extra careful anyway. You know how he is."
. I've been to Hell, to Heaven, to Purgatory—I've been to other realities, more than I can keep count of. I even went to
A second ago Dean was furious, imagining Sam saying that to Dad, even under justifiably extenuating circumstances. Now all Dean can think about is Jack looking at Dad's hands the way Dean used to, and Sam standing between Jack and Dad the way Dean used to stand between Dad and Sam, and he's so grateful to Sam he doesn't know what to do with himself.
Cas catches him hard by the upper arm. There's something about his hand near Dean's left shoulder that makes Dean feel absolutely clinically insane. Dean's still not used to how blue his eyes are. Some things are too easy to forget.
It was more like Dad was forgiving him than apologizing. Dean always thought that was uncharacteristically kind of him. But in order to forgive him, Dad had to make it his fault. Not just losing Sam, but making Dad go postal too, because it was Dean's fault Dad wrongly thought Sammy was dead. And if it was Dean's fault Dad got angry, it was Dean's fault he got his ribs broken. Everything is always Dean's fault, because Dean's always the one screwing up.
And he actually turns to go, but Sam catches him by the arm. "Dean, hold on, we have to think about this—it might not even work with him caged. He might have to be...you know. Out. Behind the wheel. If you stabbed yourself and it didn't hurt him, and Cas couldn't heal you, you would just die. And then there'd be no one left in your body to keep him under control. It would be empty, like Cas's vessel. If you wanted to try it, you'd have to wait until—until—"
Mom smiles at him, sad. "Listen to me, boys. Your father—he's the love of my life. And I want to believe we'll work through it. But that's for us to figure out. And if we don't, it's not your fault. Not yours," she says, meeting Sam's eye, "and not yours," she finishes, meeting Dean's. "We're taking a break. And then we're going to start being honest with each other. And whether or not we're still together on the other side of this, that's okay. Dean, that's okay."
, Dean thinks, but of the two of them, Sam's currently less sleep deprived, and he swings first. He gets his ass handed to him for his trouble—one hit to his chin to daze him, another to knock him back, and then he gets tossed into the bookshelves behind them. That's Dean's cue.
Now Dad's running his thumb over and over his wedding ring—when did he get that back?—and gazing at Mom's initials on the table, looking just as melancholy as he did when she was still dead. It's not fair; Dean's being forced to watch him lose her all over again. "I always wondered what Mary would think of the job I did raising you two," Dad sighs. "Now I guess I know."
He brings a hand to his head, trying to stem the awful pounding behind his eyes. Is it just his imagination, or is it getting a little quieter?
"We'll be lucky if I last a few more minutes!" But Dean is starting to give up hope. He can see it in Cas's eyes: "You're not gonna do it, are you? Not until he takes me."
"I was working that case for twenty-two years, son," John says grimly. Even without counting the extra decade and change he's been gone, he's still got more field time than they do. Maybe it's a good reminder that hard experience and perseverance is nothing to sneeze at.
"You can't ask me not to," Cas says hotly. "When has this family ever abandoned our own? Didn't you try to free Sam from Lucifer's Cage, and spend a year searching for me in Purgatory? These are my terms, Dean. You don't have to worry that I can't deal with Michael if he breaks free, but you cannot ask me to give up on you." His expression softens, a little. "We had an agreement. I'm an angel—playing for keeps means we'll be stuck together for a very long time."
but Dean's seriously not gay. He did what he had to do, to make sure Sammy had hot lunches and school supplies, even if that included doing other guys for cash in shady truck stop parking lots. He's had more than enough experience to say with authority that no, he's definitely not even a little gay. The first time he did it sucked, so to speak, and it never, ever got less bad.
Cas has his feet propped on the table, his coat draped over the chair. He's got a beer in his hand. He looks like shit, because he always looks like shit; he's just got one of those vessels. From this angle, Dean can only see the back of him, and his face, angled to look at Sam, in profile. He's smiling.
Michael played the whole awful thing out for him. Not just what Dean did to earn the money John didn't leave, but what happened before he decided to do it. How scared Dean felt, how cornered he was. Dean should have come to John the first time the money ran out too soon. If not the first, then the second or third, when it started to become a pattern. And he didn't—because he guessed, perhaps correctly, that John would blame him, or worse, that John would feel guilty about not being able to leave more. That time John left Dean in the boys home, when Dean got caught stealing, Dean said he lost the money in a poker game—John thought he was being careless with their funds, but he really was just trying to make the money stretch, exactly like John taught him. A string of bad luck led to a lost game and no cash, so Dean tried taking the five-finger discount instead. It wasn't even the first time. But his previous successes combined with sheer desperation made him sloppy, and he got caught.
," Mom says, wiping her eyes. She's been laughing so hard she's actually crying. "He was helpless. I can't believe you didn't starve!"
Mary draws in a ragged sob. "Yes, I did watch him kill my family. Don't you get that? I had no one left. I had nothing. I was desperate—"
Whatever series of expressions just scrolled across John's face, Mary missed them. She's watching Sam and Castiel and Jack clean up. "It's hard to look at them sometimes, isn't it?" she murmurs. "When I first came back, it was so, so hard just to be around them. I felt...guilty, and I was so scared. They were strangers to me—men older than I was, who claimed to be my little boys, their whole lives wasted away on avenging my death. They had missed me so much for so long that I thought they needed more from me than I could give to anyone."
Dean can't stand it. It's not fair. Privately, he's resented Sam for Flagstaff for years—that Sam got to just leave without even thinking about the consequences, because nothing that happened to him would be more than he could stand, and Dean stayed behind and went out of his mind for two weeks with grief and terror and then got Dad kicking his ass on top of it. Sam never even knew how badly Dean got hurt for him, that's how spoiled and sheltered and selfish he was. Sam's right: he did that shit all the time and never cared how much harder it made things for Dean, stuck in the middle playing the eternal mediator between two stubborn pissed off assholes. Sometimes, when he and Sam were fighting bad, like really hitting below the belt, and Dean was feeling extra mean, he got awfully tempted to let it slip, just to get a little payback. He knew how badly he could hurt Sam with it. The fact that he never stooped that low was just one more thing he carried for Sam that Sam would never even know about.
Mom's eyes are bright again. Dean was so angry at her for not understanding like she was supposed to, but he was wrong—she
Sam turns the last plate over. "Dean did," he says. "And I did. I told you—Cas got us out of Hell. We wouldn't be here if not for him. Cas has gone to bat for us more times than I can count."
Behind him Cas stands. They can all see the blood on his mouth, Dean realizes, panicking. Dad's disgusted stare, cocked by a horrible ninety degrees, is the worst of all. They know he was looking. They saw him looking at Cas, and now they all know, they all see him, they all see him, they all
