“With this?” he asks.
Apparently, it’s the kind that gets him pressed to their front door before they even get inside, a hot line of Cas against him, giving him these slow, deep, drugging kisses and soft nibbles, until there’s no strength left in him. He sags against Cas’s shoulder for a moment, then lets himself be gently manhandled inside, lets himself get fed left-over roasted beetroots and organic goat cheese and herby pasta with chicken, because his kitchen now contains that kind of stuff.
Dean nods again, hangs his head, a lone tear dripping off the tip of his nose.
This time Dean can’t keep his hands from his crotch, doubling over and keening as the shock works its way through his body.
“Lunch. Wanted to wait for you.”
“Get out.” Cas’s hand is unforgiving on Dean’s upper arm.
“Oh, no, I want to see this now. What would you do to that fuck hole to keep it in line? I see you brought out a few items for me to use, why don’t you show me their purpose.”
“There you go, sweetheart,” Castiel says, standing, carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. “Isn’t that good?”
Shaking, Dean crawls up onto his knees again, face to face with the hard bulge in Cas’s pants. He gets so lost in staring at it that he’s caught unprepared by the next shock. He flinches, shuddering, teeth clicking together. His eyes sting. His own cock is small, soft, any turn on long since gone in the haze of pain.
“I’ll be back,” Cas says, and his eyes are haunted.
When Cas gently bites at his nipple, Dean groans and he could swear he gets even harder, though he’s not sure how that’s possible. He’s pushing up against Cas, arching and whining as Cas tugs a little on his nipple and it really shouldn’t feel this good, it really shouldn’t, but shit, it does. Peppering his chest and stomach with small kisses, Cas tongues at his navel, making Dean gasp and whimper even more. His hands are fisted in the sheets again, and this time, he just gives in. Cas is hot and heavy above him and he doesn’t need to think, doesn’t need to act. He struggles to keep his hips still as Cas drags his lips even lower, nipping at the skin just above Dean’s belt buckle.
Dean flushes. “No.”
“I don’t think this is enough,” Cas mutters. “Where’s the lube? This hole really needs to be filled, it’s just begging for it.”
Castiel smiles slightly, and wipes drool from Dean’s chin.
“Put those fingers in your mouth now,” Cas says. “Get them nice and wet.”
“Not a single bruise here,” Cas says, smoothing over Dean’s ass as Dean trembles. ”I’ll fix that.”
His lashes wet, Dean looks up at Cas, trying to show his desperation as he draws one shaky breath after another. Cas sighs, irritated, then jerks Dean forward by his ears.
“Yes, Daddy,” Dean says, embarrassed.
The steel bars make it easy to keep clean in the shower, which is a relief, so the only thing Dean can do as the cage comes off and his cock stands proud and throbbing for the first time in weeks. Cas blows at it. Dean whimpers.
is for out there, for the teacups left around the house and the books and that damn trench coat, but now, here, he’s nothing but
Dean glances down to where he’s thick and hard, the tip shining a dull red.
Dean flushes with guilt, even as he can’t stop sucking on his fingers, fucking back on the finger pressing deeper and deeper into his ass. He is selfish. He’s keeping Cas awake.
Dean shakes his head mutely.
Cas smiles at him and Dean closes his eyes, burrowing closer, hiding against Cas’s chest. He wants to be closer. His eyes burn and his body aches, but it’s a good pain, a dull throb that makes him feel alive and exhausted at the same time. Cas draws him closer, a hand on the back of Dean’s neck grounding him. Dean rubs his nose against Cas’s chest, catching the few hairs and the smell of sweat.
The curtain ripping aside makes him yelp and let go of himself.
“Oh, I uh, I have to - Have a good weekend, Mr N!”
The question stuns Dean, and he clears his throat.
Cas pops off his cock.
“Bought myself a whiskey,” Dean says, and now he’s staring at the corner, longing. “Two fingers, nothing extreme.”
It’s Friday and the grocery store is full of parents dragging cranky and hungry kids around.
“Look at that,” Cas mocks. “You
“No,” Cas says. “It don’t scare me.”
a metaphor or not.
Cas smiles, touching his cheek. “Of course you can pick. I’ll even help you with your hardon if we go inside.”
“Yes, you will. You’ll bring me each item of clothing, one at a time, and tell me exactly why it’s on the floor and what you’re going to do with it.”
Cas’s hand clamps down on his wrist. “Last chance.”
“Yes, of course,” Cas says, but he sounds weary.
“Good,” Cas says, and his voice cracks.
“Because you’re an evil overlord who rules his house from the iron throne.”
“Hm, you better not,” Cas replies, voice deep, stroking over the inflamed skin.
“When you’re on my case, setting up rules and goals, punishments and rewards, I’m free. I keep telling you I’m fucked up, because it’s true. I’m tryna be safe about it, but I need it. I need to answer to someone, to have someone else hold the reins and tell me where to go, how to get there. You’ve been doing it already, I just wanna make it official and clear.”
Zapp.
Dean has to draw another breath at the image in his head, but he shakes his head, almost regretfully.
Dean nods again, not daring to answer.
“Yeah, don't get any ideas, Sam. You're my ticket outta any sticky situations,” Dean said with a chuckle.
“I’m going to the bar.” Dean repeated.
“Go back to our hotel room and fuck you senseless.” Cas whispered right into Dean’s ear as his hands traveled downwards, cupping Dean’s denim covered crotch. “Then do that every night for the rest of our lives. ‘Cause you’re my husband.” Cas added while grinding his hips. Dean had never seen him this drunk before and honestly, it was hilarious.
"Sat out on my balcony with the others, it's just started to snow again." On the other end of the line, he heard Dean let out a wistful sigh.
“You can say it Adam.” Sam said from his seat. He reached out for the steaming mug Anna had just placed in front of him. “Thank you Anna.” He said. He took a sip of the hot liquid before speaking again. “Now that Haniel and Zaphkiel are dead the remaining members of The Seven are Camael, Raphael, Michael and me.” Sam’s voice sounded laboured, as if the truth about Haniel and Zaphkiel was finally sinking in. Maybe tea didn’t make the world a better place. “I might not have any say or power up there anymore but I am still part of The Seven.” He added almost bitterly.
“Castiel.”
“Gabriel for once in your damn life will you just listen to someone other than yourself? Look after Anna and Samandriel and stay safe or this will have all been for nothing.” Castiel said as the vicious growling drew near. “Do you promise me?” Castiel asked. Gabriel bit his lip so hard it tore the skin. “Gabriel please just look after them. Please.”
“You? You were the one to hear them?” Castiel asked.
"Nah, you ain't gonna be the first intern to date his boss and you certainly ain't gonna be the last. It happens everywhere so why should I give you shit over it? You ain’t with him for the surgery, it’s kinda obvious you like the guy." Benny said shrugging his broad shoulders. “People will give you shit over it because people are assholes but why should you care? They ain’t dating Cas
“Thank you for that Amelia.” Castiel said in a heavily sarcastic voice. Amelia rolled her eyes at Castiel’s tone and placed a hand on his arm.
The very moment he walked into the dining room Castiel knew what kind of night the evening would turn out to be. Michael already looked pissed off and it was clear that Luke was trying his hardest not to saying anything to antagonise Michael which was actually an achievement for him because normally he revelled in winding Michael up.
“What?” Dean snapped interrupting her.
“Yeah I know…I know you’re sorry.” And Dean knew that Jo was, sometimes she spoke without thinking and yet she was still one of the best friends he’d had in a long time so he couldn’t hate her for her small flaws, after all, he was riddled with them. “It’s just…with the solo surgery coming up it’s just going to make things that much harder. I want people to think I’m scrubbing in on surgeries and working on good cases because I went to Yale and not because I’m with Cas.”
“Yeah, something like that,” Dean said shrugging off his jacket.
"Well he is here, he's my brother Dean so grow the fuck up." Jimmy said.
"Calling it an early night or just off to see lover boy?" Ryan asked. "If you think you're being subtle you're not."
He had done this and it was his job to fix it.
"I never stopped loving you, I need you to know that. I see you in Claire all the time. It’s like seeing a ghost. The stubbornness, the way she just stares at you like she can see into your soul...she's just so you."
God, for a genius surgeon the guy really needed things spelling out.
"You're lucky, I never stayed friends with any of my exes...though it probably had more to do with my mama threatening to bust their knee caps for hurting her precious baby more than my personality flaws."
“My mind drifts in surgeries sometimes,” Dean admitted. It was true as well. He’d been thinking about asking Cas to marry him for over six months now. They could have a tiny, no-fuss, ceremony at his parent’s house in Kanas with friends, family and his mother’s homemade food. “So you’d do it? Put up with me for the rest of your life even though I drink all the juice, clog up the TiVo with shitty dramas and call you out all the time on being a grumpy ass?”
“At the apartment, where else would we have a party?” Jo asked rolling her eyes. “It could be fun! We could invite Charlie and that lot and some of the other interns and I could show off my cocktail making skills. Come on, back home my Alabama Slammer’s are the talk of the town!”
“So, changing the subject completely," Dean said once they were back in the room. “Meg and Hester
“Oh I do, we’ve all been there with maybe a TA or even a low down professor but you have the audacity to act like you’re not even doing it.” Ruby snapped, actually poking Dean in the chest. “You make it seem like you actually
He really didn’t need everyone knowing about him and Dean. It wasn’t because he was ashamed, he just liked his privacy. While his friends knew all about him and Dean, he preferred the likes of Hester’s parents not knowing his private life. He was amazed she hadn’t said anything to them yet.
“I can’t change it Dean, I have obligations and my father’s dream to live up to. That is my life. It might not be what I wanted but I’m going to live it.”
“Nah, she went to some bar with Charlie and Sarah I think,” Sam replied. “She seems pretty cool. Not a bad roommate by the looks of it.”
“Yeah well, you could have been some axe carrying murderer or those annoying gym bunnies on the bottom floor.”
“Wow man, you’ve got real bitchy since you came back human.” Dean responded, giving Cas a smile because even though Cas was being a bitch, Dean was glad to have him back. After twenty minutes of swearing and threatening to hit Cas with a mallet (he
“Dean that was a long time ago.” Mary said warningly.
“Well it’s still only midday.” Castiel said shrugging. Dean raised an eyebrow in Castiel’s direction and his eyes were so full of questions that instead of looking away Castiel stared this Dean Winchester down. Dean did not look away which was a surprise as most people normally went scuttling if Castiel glared at them. “Apparently my presence is required tonight at a family dinner so no detention for me.” Castiel explained. He looked away once he realised what he had said. As he carefully added definition to one of the bird’s wings in his sketch he could tell that Dean was watching him though Castiel had already made the mistake of looking at Dean for too long. Eye contact normally meant that the other person could see too much of you because weren’t eyes the window to the soul or some spiritual crap like that?
“Because I was dating a guy?”
“I like your apartment, I find it very cosy when it’s not full of drunken interns.” Cas said. “I don't have a spare bed to offer you, this is only a one bedroom apartment but my couch is far more comfortable than yours.”
are you doing here?”
“I’d kill for some, today had me beat,” Dean said. He abandoned the music to walk over to Cas and grab a flask of coffee. “Thanks, man.” He said as he sat down.
A light knock on his door made Castiel look away from his ceiling and sigh loudly as if it were Michael then he wasn’t up for whatever argument would start up between them. Whoever it was on the other side of the door did not wait to be allowed in and just opened the door. Surprisingly it was Luke and not Michael.
worse," She added quickly.
"I don't need looking after." Cas said, looking very offended. "You have no faith in me."
“They like him, they think he’s damn smart and really good for me.”
"I'd call divorce closure." Dean said bluntly.
"Yes, you should have seen your dad's face when he found out. He was so proud of you. The surgery went well, didn't it? You're not upset over that are you? Your patient did well afterwards didn’t they?" Mary said. While the pot filled with coffee she grabbed creamer and sugar, setting them in front of Dean.
“I…I love you too.” He said. The words tumbled out of his lips and Castiel was scared as they did so because this was the first person to ever hear those words, said in that way, from Castiel. He didn’t give his love out easily. He had originally thought he didn’t love in him to give but Dean changed that. Dean Winchester had come along with that damn leather jacket of his and made Castiel love him but as Dean pulled him in for a chaste kiss a thought boomed through his head.
"They said that I’ve been accepted for a Bachelors Degree in Fine Art, you know, despite the tiny fact that I did not actually apply at MCAD in the first place."
“Ready to go?” Cas called over the sound of the helicopter.
, yes Castiel.”
The thought came out of nowhere but also from everywhere. It was scary but maybe he knew, deep down, it was a thought that had been coming for days. Dean coming back into his life had brought back old feelings and Castiel couldn’t ignore them anymore.
Cas looked over at Ruby and knew what she was thinking. Her mother had tried rehab and had ended up dead.
“Excuse me but I do have a name.” Anna snapped from the driver’s seat.
Ok, no smiling. Dean wadded up the bloodied tissues and disposed of them quickly. Sucking in a shaky breath before heading out back into the restaurant. The commotion had died down completely. There was no sign of Sam and Ruby. Nor Mary and Arthur. No doubt Dean would go home to a voicemail from his mother.
can I go to sleep?"
"You're going to the TED conference?” Dean asked. “Holy
sake, why didn't you tell us things had gotten
“Well… that’s… surprising.” Mary finally said. “I didn’t think he was a part of Jimmy’s life anymore.” Which was Mary’s way of saying ‘Cas fell off the face of the fucking planet’.  “How was it seeing him again after all this time? You were a mess when he left.” Dean sighed at Mary’s question.
“She didn’t punch you," Michael pointed out. “You should take that as a win,"
“Hell no.” Dean replied with a smile. "I gotta know man, how come you were hitching a ride trying to get to New York?" Dean asked as Castiel rested his head lazily against Dean's chest. It was the one thing they hadn’t talked about while travelling and now Dean was curious as how Castiel had come into his life.
...what are you up to in there?" Dean asked warily. To be honest, Cas couldn’t cause that much damage in the kitchen but living with Jo made Dean cautious.
“I…I grew up without a lot of money…my mom died when I was younger and my dad wasn’t around a lot. It was just me and my brother really and I tried my hardest to raise him…I never felt like I was good at anything until I started working with Benny.” Dean said with shaking breath. “I strive towards higher things because I want to give myself and my brother the life we deserved when growing up.”
“Are you
“Gabriel I’m sorry that I had to do this. I’m sorry but you have to be there for Samandriel. You have to explain this to him and Anna and tell them how sorry I am. You have to do that.” Castiel said hurriedly. There was so much more he could say, so much more he wanted to say but there was no. He was out of time. He heard a deep growl, guttural and primal, as invisible paws shift the gravel littering the road.
“You were right. I’m in love with Eileen.”
“Yes, Dean. I think of us as friends. It would be awkward living in the same room with someone I didn’t consider a friend,"
“That’s Sam right? The assistant director?” Castiel guessed. “I heard someone mention you were brothers. Is he your only sibling?”
"Well, this is my cousin Jessica." Amelia said.
Once Jo left him to find her boyfriend and, more importantly, her drink Dean circled the room, occasionally stopping to talk to people, mainly his mother, and enjoy more mini pies. In the very centre of the room was Cas. He was busy talking to several people from the hospital and Dean found himself just watching his boyfriend. While Dean hated social situations like this, he much preferred smaller gatherings, Cas seemed to thrive around people from the hospital. It was strange, the Cas that Dean knew and loved was different from the one he’d grown to love in Chicago. Maybe Benny had been right that night in the bar when he first found out about Dean and Cas being together. Benny had been happy for them, happy that Cas had found someone to be himself around. Cas was thriving in Baltimore and actually spending time with colleagues. It made Dean genuinely happy.
The handcuffs dig painfully into his wrists as Dean wriggles into position. Cas has him spread his legs wide, presses on his ass until Dean’s face is mashed into the counter, abs already strained.
He trails off, unsure.
Dean nods anyway, his arms now far above his head, the rope to the gag stretching as he’s lowered down on the dildo. His legs tremble when Castiel kneels and removes another book. There’s not carpet below him, so there must be one more book to go. Castiel taps his heels again and Dean tries to lower them but doesn’t get all the way down. The dildo presses up inside him and he’s panting and whining, tears leaking from the corners of his eyes as he looks straight ahead, unable to move his head much.
“You don’t agree with those stipulations?” Cas asks. “Have I misunderstood?”
“That’s two rules. Why are those things rules?”
“Me or the food?”
“Come on, that’s it,” Cas encourages. “I want you to come just like this. Come on. Show me how much you need to come, even though anyone could see you now. See your pretty panties. See how hard you get from wearing them. Do you think they would like it?”
“I will.” The foot disappeared. “Get up.”
“Stay. Still.” Cas hisses out. “Don’t you know what a good cockwarmer does? They don’t move, do they? They stay still and don’t get the cock hard.”
“I will
“I could have you anywhere I chose, couldn’t I? Bend you over a trashcan in the street and you’d let me, because you need my cock so bad.”
“Bring your chair onto the lawn, we need to talk.”
Goddamnit.
“Why?” Cas demands, a hand gripping Dean’s jaw painfully tight and forcing his eyes up.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I went to see Crowley,” Dean starts. Cas snorts. “Yeah, at a bar. He goes there after work.”
It seems he might owe the Ever Given
Dean starts rolling over, then remembers he’s not supposed to shake the bed, so he shifts slowly, gently, until his back is against the bed and his tented boxers are fully on display. Cas hums gently, putting Dean’s pillow behind his head to prop himself up enough to see.
“You couldn’t - you wouldn’t,” Dean says, convinced.
“Yes, yes, Cas, please, it’s okay, you now.”
“Such a greedy boy,” Cas says. “You just can’t get enough, can you?”
his cock fills so quickly at the thought, legs spreading on their own and ass canted so Castiel can reach everything. Dry fingers rub in between his cheeks, thumbs spreading him wide open and he flushes again. Castiel spits, rubbing it in around his hole, fingers trailing down to right behind Dean’s sack, where they pause and press firmly, making him drop his head down and groan. Castiel chuckles, a deep and dark sound.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel pointed at the ground. “Kneel. And. Ask.”
Cas’s temple throbs. It’s pretty funny.
“You,” Castiel said slowly and icily from above him, “can now ask.”
“No!” Cas barks and slaps the two pieces of bread together. “You don’t call me that right now, Dean. You sit there, and you drink your water, and you eat your sandwich, and you sober. up.”
Dean whimpers again, still staring down at his absolutely average sized dick.
“Thank you, sir,” Dean says and reaches down towards his boxers.
“Consensual non-consent,” Cas says in his ear and Dean inhales water.
“You will not count. You can safeword out,” he murmurs. Dean nods stiffly.
by now, and discussed the details of this many times before. He’s seen Dean hurt and break and put himself together again. He’s also seen Dean safeword out of something he’d been able to handle before, just because it didn’t work that time. He trusts Dean, and more importantly, he trusts Dean with Dean himself.
“Up, boy.”
Cas swallows. Dean whimpers at the sight.
“Cas. Look around you.”
Eventually, time loses meaning. There’s just running and the beep, and falling over from the pain. There¨s scrapes on his knees and elbows, his feet are sore, the sun is setting and the sound from Cas’s even breathing over his own sobs has Dean collapsing on the ground.
Cas moves a leaf around on his plate.
It doesn’t take long until Dean’s thrashing, trying to get away from Cas’s mouth.
Cas is honest to god blushing now, cheeks stained a dark cherry red. He leans forward and sinks both hands into his hair.
Dean presses the button, then folds over, whimpering, as a small shock of electricity sparks through his perineum, into his balls. Sonofabitch. It's the lowest setting, but that
Dean screams again, curling in on himself, heaving and trying to breathe.
A slight pause, until he relaxed back onto his feet, then the blows came again and again and again, harder and harder, until he could barely get a breath between them. There was nothing about this that was predictable, the flogger raining down, each blow a like a punch to the gut, hard and determined. He stared ahead, gritting his teeth, the rage welling up inside him again. He’d do this. He could do this. His back was on fire, covered in embers, but he could do this. He would not break.
There’s not much talking after that, as Cas blows him just right, wet-hot suction making Dean’s brain melt out of his ears. Seeing the obvious pleasure on Cas’s face, his lips stretched around Dean’s cock which disappears into his mouth over and over again, is too much.
Cas’s back straightens, his hand finding Dean’s knee and clamping down on it. “That’s not
Feeling lost, he does what he always does, that is, exactly what Cas told him. He trudges upstairs, pulls on faded jeans and a shirt, then detours into the bathroom where he digs out a small box from behind the hairspray. He opens it, looks at the ring, then looks up into the mirror above the sink.
Time passes and Dean’s arms shake as he stares at Cas’s knee, the belt lifted above his head.
On Monday evening he’s sitting on a kitchen chair. Cas has
Damn him. Damn therapy.
an idiot, but a pretty cute one. Dean had forgotten the way Cas had measured his dick anywhere, any time, for the cage. Apparently Cas has decided to approach the contract in much the same way. Notepads litter their house, just in case they need to write something down.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” he chants, choking as he tries to breathe.
Cas wrenches away from him, staring. “You’ve been lying at work?” he says, voice hoarse.
“Yes, Daddy.” It comes out as a whimper, since Cas has already descended on his cock. It’s good, but he’s sensitive and going soft, and Cas doesn’t care, keeps sucking and licking at him, rubbing his stubble all over Dean’s cock.
“Can you, hm? You think you have what it takes to control it?”
They’re staring at each other as Cas brings up his other hand as well, stroking Dean’s jaw. Then one hand is on Dean’s neck and Cas is closing the distance and holy shit, Cas’ lips are dry but warm and they feel so, so good. He doesn’t really know why - or well, he pretends he doesn’t, because Bela is back at home with that giant fucking rock on her finger - but his hands are on Cas’ back and he’s pulling his best friend closer, closer, closer. He’s kissing back, slowly at first, then harder, fiercer, pouring his anger into something else that can be transmitted by kisses.
Cas stares at him for a moment, as if contemplating Dean’s worth and Dean shuffles closer, opens his mouth, tries begging with his eyes. Cas sighs.
“You too, Rachel.”
Cas hums, pressing himself closer and hooking his chin over Dean’s shoulder.
Dean shakes his head, still sobbing.
“What would you do if you were home?” Crowley asks.
“Oh right. Hello, I’m Crowley, I’ll be your therapist. This is a safe space, nothing you say will leave this room, unless I determine you’re actively seeking to harm yourself,” the man, Crowley, drones out, and crosses his legs. “Now, please tell me about your daddy issues. What was his poison?”
you.”
Cas tugs his ear. “Cheeky.”
“Need me to help you control yourself, hm?” Cas says.
“No? You don’t want that? You don’t want to come?”
“I can’t either!” Dean blurts, squeezing Cas's hands. “That’s not what I mean!”
Dirt and grass doesn’t make a terribly comfortable surface to kneel on, digging into his skin.
“Look at me,” Cas commands, and Dean forces himself to meet Cas’s eyes. “You’re so greedy for my cock, but you think it’s special, something to be earned, something you need to prove your worth for, isn’t it?”
“Sweetheart,” Cas says near his ear, fingers in Dean’s hair.
“Want to eat on the patio?”
“Huh. I guess I can’t whore you out then,” Cas says, frowning. “It won’t do to have you get off on other people’s cocks.” He grabs Dean’s chin hard, forces him to look up. “You’re such a filthy boy, getting hard as soon as there’s a good cock in your mouth, aren’t you? You’d love it if I whored you out, getting all that cock, all of the come?”
“Ready?” Cas asks.
Cas hums. “I don’t know if there’s any gay friendly therapists around here, and I was reading up on abuse cases, and they say the abuser and the survivor shouldn’t go to therapy together, so I was thinking we’d go individually. Maybe ten times? I think my insurance might cover that, I don’t know. I’ll look into it.”
It takes a minute for Cas’s breathing to return to normal, and then he allows Dean to lick his cock clean before he tucks himself away again. Dean knows he’s smiling, but he can’t stop. He’s been used and made Daddy happy, so everything is good now. So good.
If Dean could, he would come right here and right now, just from those words. Instead, he feels slow pulses of come dribble out of his cock, the orgasm that’s been building softly, teasingly hugging him and fading into the distance. He sobs, wishing he could reach for it, wishing he could come for real, but it disappears and he’s left oversensitive and exhausted.
“I think you may need some incentive to behave today,” Cas says, and fiddles with the remote. “Let’s go to the lumber yard, my garden needs new trellises.”
Cas’s grip hardens. “One.”
Castiel twists his fingers hard, relying on instinct to guide him through this. Instinct and trust.
Fear pounds through Dean as his fingers scrabble uselessly against Cas's hand, already on his toes, the wall cold behind him. This is how they start, he could back out here, but instead he whines.
Eventually he sags into the floor and gives up. The tears continue to burn his eyes, which is so rude because he eyes are already swollen and sore. It’s not the first time he’s cried today even. His mouth is dry, the belt buckle is hard against the back of his neck and eventually he taps his forehead three times against the floor.
Snivelling, Dean crawls after him, sees Cas settled on the couch with his legs spread. Cas snaps his fingers and points at the empty space between his legs.
“Yeah, I do.”
Dean’s eyes well with tears. “Please, Daddy, please! I fucked up, I’m sorry. Please punish me, so I’ll learn. I deserve to be punished, please.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry! May I please jerk off, sir? Please.”
“Mr and Mr Winchester.”
“I can--I can fuck myself for you,” Dean says, turning around again. “I could shove it full and let you see how good it is, use it for you.”
“Even better.”
The burgers are delicious, even though Sam attempts to murder Dean again when he asks, “So, Cas, how did you meet?”
“Noted.”
“Ready to talk to me?”
He gets to eat with his hands and sit on a chair, but the mercy in that is difficult to be grateful for when the handle of the plug and the steel band around his balls clink and rub against the chair. Cas does the dishes, leaving Dean sitting there.
as though Dean isn’t fighting him at all, right?
“Yes, sir,” Dean says automatically, eyes on Cas’s.
“I’m afraid not. No sudden heterosexual love-affair here.”
“Here’s the remote. Press the button.”
“Why?”
“Look at me,” Cas whispers, and strokes his cheek.
“Because you love me.”
“That’s right.”
“I was,” Cas says, and those words are enough to feel like Dean’s being crushed from the inside.
“I’m done,” he says eventually, staring down at the pages in front of him.
“It’s trying so hard,” Cas says and pets the cage. “Needy little thing.”
Cas shoves the plate at him. Dean takes the sandwich, but it tastes like dust. He eyes the corner again, as Cas turns to grab his tea mug. He leans back against the counter, both hands clasped around the mug, and watches Dean eat.
“I didn’t think,” Dean says, voice cracking. “I’ve driven after a whiskey or two before, no biggie. It’s - it used to be who I was,” he manages a glance up at Cas.
part.
Their use becomes obvious when Cas locks a chain around his neck and chains Dean to the garage floor, leaving only a scratchy wool blanket. Dean cries some more during the night, but this time it doesn’t feel bad. It just feels right to be out here, a chained pet being kept where his owner wants him. Where Cas wants him,
“Why don’t we go look at them?” Cas says against his hole, laving gently.
“I completely understand,” Cas says. “I thought we’d be over this by now, honestly.”
“You’re assuming I’ve been holding back, that there’s more cruelty in me.” Cas’s eyes search his. “You’re wrong. I’m giving you all I’ve got. I love hurting you, Dean. I love seeing you cry for me, seeing you beg and blush.” There’s heat in his eyes. “You bruise so pretty, boy. I will never grow tired of listening to you scream. Every time I think it can’t get better, you make it better. You go so deep, you take so much. I had no idea that was possible. It makes me feel amazing--
The poem Cas reads is Typewriter Series #2597 by Tyler Knott Gregson.
, Dad used to say. What matters is that I was late, and I know what the rule is for being late, and I forgot my phone, and I know what the rule is for that too.”
so gross
“Listen closely,” Cas says and strokes Dean’s forehead. “If you disobey, I will knock you down and punish you. Every time. You’re mine. I will do whatever I want with you.”
“Did you tell him?”
Dean’s cock isn’t little, it’s entirely average, long and slender with a nice curve, thank you very much. Hearing Cas call it
“Because Daddy loves me,” Dean whispers hoarsely, “and Daddy worries about me.”
He’s screaming again. Shrill shrieks muffled by his wet gag, thighs yanked closed, then reluctantly opened again.
“Good. Come on, up you go. Back to the car.”
“It’s not nothing!” Cas barks. “You’ve got a black eye and you didn’t tell me!”
!!! BEWARE OF NEW TAGS !!!
“It means,” Cas continues, “that I get to do whatever I want, within our limits, even if you don’t agree with it at the time or tell me to stop or say no. As long as you don’t safeword - and you can always safeword - I’m allowed to do whatever I want to you.”
Dean chokes on his tacos, then chews Sam out for trying to kill him. He does bring Cas to Bobby’s for BBQ on Friday though.
Cas stares at him. Dean looks around in desperation, then grabs Cas’s knees tight.
There’s a devilish smile on his face when he rears up, weight on Dean’s wrists, and fucks him harder. Dean’s eyes roll back when Cas nails his prostate, a tight fist around Dean’s cock, and he comes, pinned down and speared and utterly perfect.
“Press it for me.”
His body reacts, but it’s doing what Cas wants it to, so he doesn’t care.
Scott droned on and Dean managed to keep up a friendly conversation before he was saved by a new conversation of who Melissa would hook up with for the new school year.
“Havin’ a little fun, babe, come on.” Dean smiled, his dress shoes were extra shiny from the wet grass.
“Well I’m flattered, but I’ve already bottomed once so maybe-“ Dean’s comment was kicked out of him, literally, by a boot to the ribs.
“All pleasure.” Dean wiggled his eyebrows at Cas who rolled his own in return.
“Thanks.” Dean pocketed the money before putting his stuff back into his backpack. “See you around.”
“Okay.” Emma nodded.
Then he noticed a certain feeling in his gut. It wasn’t hunger or fear. It was something buttery. As if a missing piece was slotting itself back into place. It was the only thing missing from heaven and Dean had been more than happy to wait.
“Nice to meet you too, uh Mrs. Winchester.”
“I’m just worried-“
Dean got a middle finger in return that made the bundle of anxiety in his chest release. Cas kissed Dean’s cheek and Dean turned his head to gaze into those blue eyes he loved a ridiculous amount. However, his nose crinkled at the smell of hotdog breath that fogged over his nose.
“I’d love to move in with you, Dean.” Cas smiled. “I love you.”
“I look forward to it.” Cas hesitated before reaching for the door handle.
“You know what? Let’s just not talk.” Dean reached for the television remote to change channels. Maybe Doctor Sexy was on somewhere.
“Cool.”
“What?” Dean’s brows furrowed.
“What?!” Sam cried out.
“I-Cas…” Dean fumbled with words, they had always managed to escape him. They hated him like that.
They played their round, Emma won, and they clean up their nest and put the cards away. Then Sam escorted Emma up to her room with a glass of water. She curled herself under her four blankets, even with the summer heat Emma insisted she have all her blankets. Sam helped her arrange her stuffed animals so they were facing the door and any monster that would come through -not that Sam, Dean, or Cas would ever let that happen.
Cas gave him a skeptical look before sighing. “I trust you.” The statement was heavy as fuck, but it soothed something inside of Dean anyways.
The ride to the hospital was quiet. Cas was using one hand to type manically on his phone in the back seat with Dean. The other hand was combing through Dean’s hair as blue eyes kept a murderous  glare pierced his phone screen.
He ripped himself from Bobby’s grip and kept walking.
“You seem to know our waitress well.” Cas really did try his best to hide his jealously, Dean found it adorable.
“Yeah, been thinking about it.” Dean nodded his head. “Want you. Want you in me.”
Dean was out for another week before he was feeling back to his old self. Sam took a few jobs and kept him up to date on the happenings at the office. Not that much of the happenings concerned them anyway.
Understanding crossed Cas’ face. “That was a sexual innuendo, wasn’t it?”
But nothing. Because Cas is kissing him and those lips were just as soft as Dean had imagined. Cas’ hand is on Dean’s knee and his lips are on Dean’s and it’s perfect.
“How about you, what’s your best story?”
“My baby okay?”
“Okay.” Cas leaned in and kissed him softly. Honestly it’s the softest thing Dean had ever experienced from anyone. “I’ll do this, and you’ll go talk to Walker. But if this takes longer than two hours we’re putting it off to tomorrow.”
Dean felt held and whole in a way he hadn’t in those long weeks. He was also dangerously close to crying like a damn virgin chick. Instead of letting any of those stupid chick emotions out he began sucking a dark mark in to Cas’ collar bone. You know, like a man.
The early spring air was toying with Castiel’s hair. Dean’s feet were in his lap, Castiel’s forearms resting on his boyfriend’s ankles while his hands held his book on insects. On the other side of the park bench, back against the arm rest, Dean was reading a slim science fiction book that made him laugh every now and then.
A sob tore its way out of the little girl’s chest. “I’m sorry.”
After a month, or two or three they gave up with the game.
Cas used the opportunity to snatch the knife from Ponytail. The mob boss then proceeded to stab the man in the eye, twist the blade, and shove him to the ground. That really shouldn’t have been as hot as it was.
“What an inspiration.” Sam rolled his eyes.
“So you want me to tutor you?” Dean looked dubious.
Dean used the confusion to wiggle out from Beefy before another shot came and Beefy hit the ground with a yowl. Blood soaked through his calf.
“Shove it, Sammy.” Dean growled without any heat behind it.
“I don’t understand why we get the hotdogs when we all know they are terrible.” Cas mumbled quietly as he exchanged two dollars for a rubbery hot dog from a PTA mom who drew the short straw.
Dean obliged and sucked the digits into his mouth. He groaned around them and rocked his hips back into Cas. His tongue worked around the fingers as Cas began kissing a row down Dean’s back.
“I’m not losing my brother.” Dean growled out. “So stop talking like he’s dead.”
“Cas!” Dean groaned as Cas stretched him, curling his finger around.
“Cas, I’m not going to last long, been to long!” Dean managed to get out. “Please open me and fuck me. Please, please please-“
“Whatever you say, Dean.” The self satisfied smirk on his brother’s face would have bothered Dean on any other day.
“Sam‘ll come around.” Cas eyes snapped to Dean’s. Bingo. Hey, Dean could be damn perceptive.
“What- you, are you sure?” Castiel’s mouth had run dry.
“Wow, Charlie out did herself.” Castiel said, eyeing the tastefully placed Christmas lights and flowers.
“No, why would you ask that?”
The door opened to reveal Mary. She smiled brightly when she saw them and pulled him down into a hug. For a moment Dean forgot why he was there. He lost himself into his mom’s embrace. His eyes squeezed shut and he let himself relish it for a moment. Dean wasn’t so sure she would want to hug him after everything.
Emma eyed Cas but nodded. Dean let his daughter win, because some things were more important than winning. After that Emma and Cas began filling the entire menu with tic-tac-toe games. Then things went better. Cas asked about Emma’s school and soccer. Emma was slow to open up but by the time their pie had come his daughter was chatting up a storm.
Dean did ask he said and visibly relaxed. Castiel pumped his boyfriend’s dick while moving his finger in and out of his clenched hole slowly. It was nice and Castiel was aching to get inside of him but it was a manageable ache. Dean let out little breathy pants and groans while he bit his lip.
“I’ll be back with your drinks.” Jo flashed a smile before sashaying away.
“If you let me go you can join me in the shower in five minutes.”
“Plead the fifth.” Gabriel saluted. “Go have fun and don’t get that boy toy pregnant.”
“Dean,” Cas started, but Dean cut him off.
“On your left one between the middle and the pinky.”
“No, don’t be ridiculous.” Cas began shoving papers aside. “I…lost track of the time. We can go now, just let me-“
Hurt flashed across Dean’s face. “Hey, I’m just trying to help, and you’re being a dick.”
They skidded to a stop as a squad car pulled in front of them. Sam grabbed for Dean’s jacket and tugged him back into the maze of backyards. They made it through a few more houses before Dean’s face was being acquainted with the ground.
“So, Deano, how’s the shop?” Scott asked and Dean tried his best not to grimace. He liked Scott, but Dean had very little in common with the accountant and the guy tried way too hard to strike up a conversation with him. “Gettin’ busy?”
Cas gave him a short kiss before heading over to his car. “Hey, Cas!” Dean called after him before jogging over. “Thank you.”
The cigarette was damn good, and gone too long. Then they got into the impala drove to school.
“Alright next, I ain’t gonna be a kept housewife, I’m helping pay the mortgage-“
Finally they were inside and Dean didn’t take a second to glance at the room. He was too busy moaning loudly as Cas slammed him up against the closed bedroom door and pressing their bodies together. Cas’ hands were back at the meat of Dean’s ass and their lips were locked together. A thick thigh slotted itself between Dean’s bow legs and who was Dean to not grind against it.
Families were meant to grow and change. Who knew, maybe Dean would be getting a sister-in-law in the future, if his brother stopped being a damn prude.  Families weren’t a one size fits all, nor where they things to be kept behind glass cases. They were dirty, bloody, and loving. They were-
Romantic. Damnit, he could be romantic.
“You- you’re such a, a baby.” Cas managed to get out in between laughter.
A half hour or so past and Duma seemed to get the information she wanted from Cas. She then turned to Dean. Briefly, Dean wondered if her tight bun was hurting her head and giving her eyes that crazed look.
Dean spotted Sam in the doorway holding a handgun. His brother looked downright pissed. Fuck, Dean was in for an earful. He hated it when Sam got all high and mighty, scolding him for shit like getting limbs broken, using the grenade launcher for stealth missions, and stuff like that.
-I want to drive away with you-
“Really, but not a single fight for the rest of the school year.”
“I’ll show me mine if you show me yours.” Dean relished in the way Cas’ eyes widened slightly in surprise and interest.
“I’ll call you tomorrow with the details.”
“Yeah? What did Douchey Mcdouch have to say?”
“Wait, what?”
“We’ve had this talk.” Dean rolled his eyes. “The graphics are crude, it’s glitchy-“
“Boy, you ain’t your daddy.” Bobby had his sternest voice for when Dean was being a larger idgit than usual.
“You have to admit this is weird.” Sam hissed at him, voice low so the guards by the door couldn’t hear.
“Dean, are you ready?” Cas came down the stairs dressed equally nice in a navy dress shirt and black dress pants.
Dean was getting ahead of himself. He shook his head and refocused on washing the dishes. The warm water was just the right side of too warm and was stinging his hands in the best way as he slid a sponge over the dishes. His arm brushed against Cas’ every once in a while. One would think after a year of dating it would take more than arms brushing to kickstart Dean’s heart. It didn’t. It was pathetic. Dean was pathetically in love, so what? Bite him.
Dean was staring at the tickets tucked into the window of the impala. “I thought you didn’t like prom, thought the whole thing was stupid.”
“Oh, hi honey.” Dean’s mom smiled warmly.
So Dean was sprawled out on the couch, channel surfing. He had cooked lunch and made a large supper that was keeping warm in the oven until it was time for dinner, hours away. Baby had been washed. The weapons had been cleaned. The laundry had been folded and put away. He had jerked off twice today to some decent porn, but he couldn’t help but long for Cas’ thick cock in him, or Cas’ warm hands on his body.
Cas was sitting ever polished at his desk while he flipped through papers and tapped at his computer. He glanced up at Dean, before returning his gaze to his work.
Then the man behind Sam fell.
“Hello, Dean.” Fuck, Castiel was hot, all freshly showered, and wearing a navy shirt, grey and black flannel, and jeans.
They finish the vampires, both breathing hard in the silence of the warehouse. The guy was actually really handsome, like really handsome. Then the handsome man opened his mouth. “So are you going to thank me for saving your life?”
“Oh my god!” Sam was standing in the doorway eyeing the walls in horror. Cas jumped away from the other boy. “Dean, you said you would finish, not-“
Listening to his boyfriend’s pleas he began thrusting. It took an effort for Castiel not to  tip over the edge. Dean babbled and shook underneath him. It had to be the hottest thing Castiel had ever seen.
“Hey, my little nerds, what are we nerding about?” Dean asked, ruffling Emma’s hair and leaning over the back of the couch to kiss Castiel’s cheek.
————->
“Uh, nothing.” Castiel stood and began collecting his things. “I should go.”
Dean curled into Cas and tried to match their breathing. He forced his eyes closed and cleared his mind.
“Hmm.” Dean sighed contently and nuzzled further into Cas’ chest before trying to doze off again.
“So not, jerk.”
He heard Cas chuckle before joining him under the covers. Dean shuffle until his head was resting on that broad chest and a steady heartbeat thumped against his cheek. Cas began running his hand up and down Dean’s back, his fingers drawing words across his back.
“Your profile is impressive.” Castiel said, jabbing at the unmarked folder. “A ninety eight percent success rate. Though from my sources it looks as that number could be higher, a solid one hundred.”
“Okay, I’ll call.” Dean exhaled and grabbed the contract from Sam. He read through the four page contract before calling the number on the bottom and putting it on speaker.
Gone.
“What are the consequences?” He was careful not to touch his niece even though he badly wanted to pull her into his side and physically remind her she was safe and loved.
Dean hated it there. He may fit in, but he fucking hated it. The food sucked, the guys smelted, the beds were entire solar systems away from the memory foam he was used to. He couldn’t get laid, well he was sure he could, but not by anyone he wanted. Dean missed Cas. His boyfriend had called as many times as he could before Dean’s number of personal calls were used up.
“Fine.” Dean grabbed the wipes and cleaned himself up best he could.
“Never!” Cas tried to flip them over but couldn’t get the momentum so he was just flopping fruitlessly between Dean’s thighs. “I am one of the most powerful people in the state. I am feared. I am ruthless. You will face the wrath of my revenge.”
That was how Dean found himself knocking on Cas’ motel room door with a bag of takeout. He was going to just go out and say it. There would be no beating around the bush. Either Cas would accept it or they’d be over. Rip it off clean, like a bandaid. That was the plan anyway.
Dean and Cas waved and with a slam of the front door, they were gone. “Finally.” Emma sighed.
“What?” Emma tilted her head, a tick she seemed to have picked up from Cas.
“Want to wine and dine the hell out of me, angel?”
“We’ll see.” Dean growled and hung up.
That being said Dean’s mind was currently preoccupied with what Cas was doing. Speaking of…Cas licked a stripe down Dean chest, then his stomach, then his dick.
“Could ask you the same thing.” Sam replied, eyes still on the tv for a few more moments before he paused it. “Well, I had to get caught up sometime since someone decided to be a jerk and watch without me when I was at the library.”
“Nothing more than what you did.” Dean wasn’t sure he had been expecting but there had been no need for his “insight”. “So what was that? You just wanted to shove me in Crowley’s face, huh? After that big comment of me not being property?”
“Castiel.” Sam grunted.
“Cas?” Dean looked up, his head feeling a little clearer. His vision returning to him. “Wha- I-“
Cas seemed to study the dirty plate he was setting in the sink. Finally he looked at Dean, blue eyes intense and sharp. “You.”
Caroline snorted next to them. They gather their food, each carrying two plates, and went back over to where Sam was still reading. Dean kicked at his brother’s ridiculously long legs and handed him one of the plates of food before plopping down on the blanket.
A few days passed. Sam kept giving him looks that said, get a move on, don’t chicken out. In Dean’s defense, it was a delicate situation. He was reading up on articles like “How to Tell Your Kid You’re Getting Married” and “Marriage Proposals for Dummies”.
“How about homemade burgers?” Dean’s soft smile turned into a leer. “And later something sweet for dessert?”
“This is the best thing I’ve witnessed since I saw Black Crowes in concert.” Castiel smirked. Something flashed in Dean’s face but it was gone too quick.
“Wow, really?” Dean saw the moment of understanding crossed his brother’s face. “Oh.”
“The kid’s a prude and a hermit.” Dean snorted and Cas smacked his shoulder.
“Bees?” If Cas was surprised Dean knew the technical name for beekeeper, he didn’t show it.
“Alright, but I’m not pressuring you.” Cas kissed Dean’s knuckles.
“Papa, I love you.”
Needless to say the nurses soon rushed in because Dean had taken out the IV and launched himself across the room at his brother. He had been dispatched a half hour later.
“Naw, come on, dude.” Dean poked Sam again.
“I know them! I’ve chatted with them at drop off, and Caroline knows them too.” Cas’ voice lost its fire and got icy cold. “You can’t keep me at arms length, Dean. If you can’t trust me maybe I should give you some space to figure out if you love me enough to let me in.”
The flesh eating butterflies could take a hike.
“To stab someone in the eye?” Sam shot Dean bitch face number six, the ‘I Don’t Need Your Brilliant Logic, Dean’ one.
“Your case?” The man exclaimed while kicking a vamp. “I’ve been here for a week and haven’t see you once.”
Dean reconnected their lips and was so happy to find that oxygen wasn’t needed in heaven. They had all the time in forever now, and Dean was going to spend every bit of it doing everything he’d been too afraid to do before. He was going to spend it with his angel because love wasn’t his enemy or his weapon anymore, it was simply his to cherish.
A year passed and things settled down. Sam and Dean got a house just outside of town and barley inside the radius they were given. It was a small, rundown two bedroom home on an acre of land that was mostly swamp. If you ask them however, swamp was just the best land to hide bodies in. With the big bucks they were making from their new job Dean was able to fix it up a little.
“I’m having someone clean the house, they can grab it for you and bring it to my office. Where is it?”
“Eat your sweet potato.” Sam took a big bite of his own. “It’s good.”
“Excruciating.” Cas deadpanned but not without mirth in his eyes.
“I know, and I love you too.” Dean smiled back at Cas and popped in a tape.
“I got a few conditions.” Dean said stepping back. He realized he still had the coffee in his hand and walked over to the desk to place the cup down.
Castiel moaned. “Want that too, baby boy.” He kissed Dean again but this time slightly sweeter.
“What?” Cas looked at Dean in shock. “Pull over. Pull over right now!”
Dean rolled his eyes and decided to ignore his brother and eat his soup. Thoughts of dark blue eyes and dark brown hair fill his mind. Really, what was the harm in adding the stabbing mob boss into his spank bank?
-The wine is cold-
“Yeah, I know.” Sam sighed.
“It’s not nice to tell on people, Emma!” Sam called from the bathroom.
Something flashed across Dean’s face. Nerves filled Castiel’s stomach but then a bright smile broke out on to his fiancé’s face. “Papa, huh? Sounds like you guys had a good afternoon.” Hearing the name leave Dean’s mouth made Castiel’s eyes dangerously close to watering again. “Sunshine, how about you go clean your room before supper. It was a disaster zone this morning.”
“We know better.” Sam smiled, cheekily. “Hey Castiel, did those things hurt?”
Dean had come up to him at lunch saying if Castiel still wanted to meet one more time before midterms they would have to go somewhere else because the library was hosting some sort of author book signing for kids. Castiel had ruled his house out immediately mentioned he had seven brothers and sisters. Dean’s eyes had widened comically and he had said it was fine for Castiel to come over to his house to study.
“Oh, you two finally got together.” Mom beamed from where she stood a few steps away from Dad’s side.
“I bet she’s great in bed, frisky.”
Maybe emotions were a little okay, or very okay.
Dean looked down at the one on his hip. The words Hey Jude scrawled across the skin. “My mom loved The Beetles, she used to sing Hey Jude to me and Sammy.”
“I said I would.” Cas accepted the cup Dean had offered him.
They had every reason to be nervous. The Winchester brothers worked as guns for hire, taking out enemies and competitors for their well paying clients. In their four years working together plus the nearly three decades their father worked in the line of work, the Angels gang never hired anyone out. They were too pretentious for that. All of their work, dirty or clean, was done from the inside. The Angels were also fucking crazy. They had a strict code and their orders were followed practically blindly by their members.
Castiel shoved off from the counter and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. He pressed a kiss on to Dean’s cheek. “I love our crazy life.”
Castiel rolled his eyes before removing both of their shirts. He left a trail of hot kisses down Dean’s chest as he unbuttoned the dress shirt. The rest of the clothing was removed quickly in a blur of limbs, fingers, and moans.
“Hey, angel.” Dean leered as he entered the office.
“I win!” Emma cheered, breathless. Addie stuck her tongue out and poked Emma in the forehead in retaliation.
“I know honeybee, it’s an expression.” Dean said while grabbing plates from where he had relocated them. If Cas noticed his rearranged kitchen, he didn’t say anything.
They fell asleep that night tangled together. In the morning they got some strange looks from the guards. The rumors would fly. The brothers didn’t care. They wouldn’t be around much longer.
Sam didn’t answer. Instead Dean heard the other mattress below him be slapped three times. He would really like to say that he scoffed at Sam’s offer, turned over, and went back to sleep. He would like to, but he was scared, more scared than he had been in a long time. His boyfriend was far away. He was stuck in this smelly prison. So Dean clambered down from his bunk and tucked into Sam’s. It was a tight fit a mattress that questionably was big enough for one let alone two. They had been doing this their entire lives, fitting themselves together in small places.
“My insight?” Dean’s eyebrows raised.
“We aren’t interested in how much money you can throw around.” Sam said, Dean has momentarily forgotten he was there. He definitely hadn’t  been too busy lost in those blue blue eyes. “We’ll get back to you in twenty four hours.”
“Uh,” Dean scratched at the back of his neck. “I mean when I was really little I wanted to be a firefighter.” Back when he thought his dad was a traveling salesman and his mom had been killed in their house fire. “But this is the life I grew up in for the most part, and it’s who I am. I can’t really imagine doing anything else.”
Dean took Cas in skeptically. “Promise?”
Regaining his awareness, Dean shut off the water and dried his hands before turning to his boyfriend. Cas’ shoulders were hunched to his ears and he was picking at the hem of his shirt. Dean hadn’t seen him this nervous in a long while.
Dean looked like he was going to say something. He opened his mouth and closed it again. Then- oh fuck.
Silence passed. The impala ate up the road. The Midwestern countryside flew past the windows. Eery shadows were casted by the moon. Dean glanced behind him at Cas. Moonlight framed his face in a pale glow. He looked beautiful and peaceful.
“Yeah?” Castiel smirked and straightened Dean’s bow tie. “You don’t look too bad yourself.”
Later they found themselves alone outside because Dean had complained about the heat inside. Their breath fogged up in the January air, both smelt of alcohol.
The next hour or so as they ate pizza and pie was spent playing a version of twenty questions. Dean learned Cas loved sunflowers, bees, he was born in Pontiac, Illinois, he liked tending to his garden, documentaries, and a thousand other stupid little things Dean definitely didn’t memorize. In return he told Cas how he liked movies, cars, and books. He talked about how he was born in Lawerence, Kansas, but hadn’t been there since. They talked about their childhoods, Cas’ relatively normal and Dean’s fucked up. Dean couldn’t remember the last time he talked so much about himself. Nor could he remember the last time he wanted or got to know so much about another person.
“You can’t tell Cas about this. It’s a secret.” Dean remembered to remind her.
Cas rummaged in his own backpack for wet wipes before returning to the bed. He cleaned both of them up. Their shirts were soiled with cum so Dean chucked them both into the laundry basket, he was due to do a load anyways, and tugged a fresh one over his head. After putting on his glasses, Dean dug in his drawer and tossed another shirt to Cas, it was black with the Death Star on it. They had recently watched the Star Wars series so Cas actually knew what he was wearing.
“Said I had to think about it, talk to you.”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas smiled as they sat down across from Cas. “You must be Emma.”
“I’m thinking of dying my hair.” Castiel said.
Dean took hamburger from the freezer and began working with the meat. Castiel watched, content in the silence.
“I know, I know, I just don’t want to be like… her mom.” Dean’s voice fell as his sentence went on.
“That’s my brother.” Dean smiled. “He’s been staying with us for…a year and half now.”
“Dean, would you like to-“
“Awe, Dean.” Duma walked over to him and leaned down. “You just had to get involved.”
Looking around, it looked the same since the first night he had spent in it. Sam hated the air mattress with a burning passion. The damn thing creaked every time he moved, his feet stuck out, and it always gave him a knot in the middle of his back. That being said, Sam would rather sleep in then the most comfortable motel bed.
That was how Dean found them when he and Sam returned home from work that evening.
“Yeah, Dad. We’re good.” Emma gave her best puppy dog eyes from where she still sat on the counter.
Was it just Dean or did Cas’ gaze look even icier and his jaw clenched. He couldn’t possibly be jealous of Dean’s past conquests. Could he? Was the bad ass mobster jealous? Dean held back a shiver at the thought of possessive Cas. He quickly shoved the thought aside. It was a question for another time.
“Is something wrong?” Castiel asked. “Because we talked about it and-“
“Sorry.” Castiel chuckled and kissed Dean to try and make up for it. His boyfriend seemed to forgive him.
“You-“
What if Cas doesn’t want to wait for you to make a decision?
Emma’s eyes got big. “Really?”
“Fifty bucks a session.”
“I…yeah.” Dean swallowed.
Cas chuckled lightly. “I may be in over my head.”
Castiel ended up passing his test. He got a B +. Dean gave him a celebratory blow job.
“Cas!” Sam called up the stairs. “Your husband is going crazy.”
Sam thought for a moment. He then refilled his whiskey glass and thought again. “What are you going to do after this?”
“I’m sorry I killed you.” Jack’s smile broke away. Dean reached over and squeezed the kid’s shoulder.
“Cas!” He heard Dean call behind him. Then there was some cursing followed by approaching footsteps.
“Nope, no way, and we’re not going to go over the whole you pay me thing. It’s weird.”
So the four of them found themselves in the living room. Emma curled into Dean’s side who was in turn leaning in Cas. Sam sprawled himself across the cushioned arm chair, his leg brushing Dean’s on the coffee table. Star Wars was playing but Dean couldn’t bring himself to pay attention. His eyes couldn’t help by watch the way the flashes of light from the lightsaber battles caught the silver ring on Cas’ finger, casting small beams of light.
“Yep, yep.” Emma said dismissively.”
“Dean, what are you talking about? Stanford?” Sam was looking at Dean with an almost amused look.
“You have no idea.” Dean smiled fondly, but pulled himself back before he could lost inside his own head. “Now, do I have to do the airplane thing like with Sammy, or are you going to be a big boy?”
I won’t.
“Uh.” Dean fumbled. “It’d probably be healthy or whatever, and Mom should get  an explanation.”
Dean collapsed on to the bed, panting. His thighs ached and so did his ass. The orgasm had been worth the aches and pains. Fuck, they were always worth it, but it was something special when the mob boss let him ride that perfect cock.
Not soon enough Dean and Bobby were on the road to Sam’s location. Cas was back home with Emma. Dean had needed Bobby’s knowledge of the lore with him and in all honesty he needed the older man’s grumpy steadiness. He couldn’t handle Cas’ knowing looks or trying to offer him any comfort. Cas hadn’t liked it, his blue eyes had flashed with protest but had nodded anyway.
“Say hi to the Queen of Hell for me.” Dean said.
Dean yelped and moaned. It took him an extra moment before he could answer. “Yes, twice. I got off twice.”
Dean wiggled his ass as he leaned over the desk again and let Cas clean up the cum. Thankfully, his own cum had hit under Cas’ desk and not his shirt.
Cas stopped talking to press his lips to Dean’s softly. He pulled away and brought a hand up to wipe at the fresh tears falling from Dean’s eyes. Then he continued.
“Yes, I see that.” Cas said as if he too had just noticed. “Is this your way of letting me down easy?”
Sam returned to the room with what looked to be a piss poor excuse of a wrap. Dean made a face and was glad his brother hadn’t grabbed him anything to eat. The hospital pudding had been enough, thank you very much.
“But you knew that.” Dean asked before dropping his voice an octave to mimic Cas’ gravelly rumble. “You know everything about everyone.”
He dropped into a crouch and grabbed his gun on instinct. A hand on his shoulder and he knew it was Cas. Any other time and Dean would have melted on the spot at the physical contact. Given another gun shot rang out his body was a little bit preoccupied.
“Yeah.”
He carefully walked up to the front door. Should be knock or ring the door bell? Fuck, why the hell did it matter? Castiel opted for the doorbell, believing he had a better chance of it being heard.
Emma bounced the entire way to Baby to grab her backpack she was using as an overnight bag. Cas held Dean’s hand the entire way to Liz and Scott’s vehicle. Ever since Dean had met Emma he had a fierce protectiveness over her. The first time they had been separated for a night -Dean went to take care of a hunt his dad had sent him- he had had an anxiety attack. It had been so bad Bobby had to drive Emma down to him because Dean was in no condition to drive.
Sam took another shot. For arguments sake, let’s say the shit did stop. They killed Yellow Eyes and stopped his visions. Did Sam want to go back to college, back to Stanford? Did he want to go back to a Stanford without Jess?
“Holy shit.” Dean eyed the pink dye staining everywhere.
“It’s empty, except I think Anna might be hiding somewhere.”
“And if you want me to move out, that’s fine.” Sam quickly continued. “I’ll save up some cash, get an apartment-“
“M’kay.” Both girls replied before diving into their hotdogs.
He was ten paces away when he chickened out and went to turn around. Meg and Balthazar glared at him from their position on the other end of the hallway. Castiel glared back, rolled his eyes, prayed to a God he long stopped believing in for a cigarette, and walked up to Dean.
Finally the call for oxygen won out and Dean gave in to it. His stupid body demanding air or whatever. Their chests expanded with gasps and goosebumps danced up Dean’s exposed torso.
Say something, you idiot.
So when Cas goes to leave for a hunt on his own, Dean realized how weird it was not having his boyfriend home. There were considerably less clothes in his dresser and the house was considerably cooler.
“Git outta here, kid.” Jerry stuck himself back into his work.
“You know Bobby, this is Jack my adopted kid who is God now, and this is Cas my…”Angel? Best friend? Boyfriend? Oh what the hell, go big or go home. “The love of my life.”
“How do you know what I want? I don’t even know what I want!”
“Stop doing that.” Sam scolded and fixed Dean’s hair.
“Twenty four hours.” Dean nodded. “How did you know to come anyways?”
“It’s good to see ya, Cas, but I’ve got a bone to pick with you.” Bobby stood from the chair and walked over to them.
“I’m sorry I pushed you.” Castiel’s head snapped up when those words left his boyfriend’s mouth.
“You’re right.” Dean nodded and took a deep breath. “You’re right. I’m-you’re right. I’m going to go finish packing.”
“Say, please, Dean.” Cas circled a wet finger around Dean’s hole.
“Let me see.” Dean held Sam away at arms length and began inspecting what he could see. “Where are you hurt?”
“I don’t know, a lot has changed.” Sam began biting at his fingernails. “I’ve changed.”
“I was.” Sam snapped. “Then I heard about the shooting in the next town over, and my jerk of a brother couldn’t answer his phone.”
Dean hesitantly pulled over. Dread forming in his stomach. Then Cas was in Dean’s lap. His lips were on Dean’s, rushed and fevered. “I love you too. I can’t believe you told me while you were driving.”
Dean was glade Emma had found close friends. Growing up it was just Dean and Sam floating between schools across the country. He was glade his daughter got to do the whole BFF thing.
“I don’t know them!” Dean roared, his hands shaking. “They could be a pack of shifters or something, you don’t know!”
“You already spend a lot of time here, and I don’t really want you to leave, and…yes. I would like it if you moved in with me.” Cas seemed to get more confident the more he talked.
“Movie?” Cas suggested.
Cas stared at Dean, mouth working like he wasn’t sure what to say. Wow, twice in the last twenty four hours Dean had left the mob boss speechless. He was rather proud of himself. At least he would be if he didn’t hate standing there waiting for Cas to tell him that last night wasn’t a one night thing.
Emma went to follow,  but Dean stopped her. “Finish your food, then you can go back and play.”
“But everything Dean told me about     him-“ Jack looked lost and a little sad.
“Charlie got her playlist approved for prom.” Dean said as he typed out a reply.
“The neighbors are going to complain if you don’t quiet down.” Cas groaned.
“Yes.” Cas glared at the paper. “I have him in cellblock. Oh! I need to reschedule his interrogation, or cancel it… I could-“
“O’course I am.” Dean slapped Sam’s good arm. “Come on, let’s get you to a hospital.”
just below his collar bone, “is an anti possession. Sam and I got it after a fight. I -after we killed the guy who started the fire who killed our mom and Sam’s girlfriend I thought Sam was going to leave, go back to college. We fought, next day the kid dragged my ass to a tattoo parlor for the biggest chick flick of the century. Long story short we got matching tattoos.”
His toe hit a crack in the concrete floor. Apparently the skid of his shoes when he tripped was enough to wake up an entire nest of sleeping vampires. And it was no small nest.
“Hey, I’ve been fighting a hard on since your dirty mouth painted all those images in my head this afternoon.” Dean’s leer turned softer. “So who really has the dirty mouth?”
He managed to push the vamp away but before he could raise his machete the vamp head rolled to the ground. Dean froze. The monster’s body fell to reveal a dark haired man with the bluest of blue eyes Dean had ever seen. He gave himself exactly two seconds of staring before jumping back into the fight.
“Of course, now get out there, or he’s going to walk down that aisle without you.”
Turning, Dean definitely did. Cas was wearing his normal dress pants and shoes, but he had lost his navy suit jacket and tie and was down to a white dress shirt. The top two buttons were undone and Dean almost drooled at the small amount of chest exposed. He seriously needed to heal so he could get railed by the sexy mob boss- or rail the sexy mob boss but he had a feeling Cas was a total top and Dean wasn’t going to complain.
“Damn straight.” Dean set the pie crust aside and began pitting cherries for the filling. “I deserve a medal or something.”
Dean beat Cas to the diner because Cas drove like an old lady. He got a table and ordered two beers along with two waters. Cas joined him not too shortly and after they order began to lecture Dean on driving laws. With anyone else the talk would have been irritating, but with Cas it was like he really cared and it was just the right side of banter.
Castiel took off his boots and left them in the entry next to Dean’s own converse. It left him oddly vulnerable to pad into Dean’s house in his bumblebee socks. Dean himself was wearing a pair of Batman socks.
They laid there for a long few moments, kissing on the ground with the stars dancing above them. Dean couldn’t help the feeling of simply right settling in his chest. It felt right.
“You look great, Red.” Dean smiled at his friend.
“Oh, you definitely are.” Sam laughed.
A wicked smile came over Cas’ face and he stepped closer to Dean. They were so close they were breathing the same oxygen. “I will not fuck you over my office desk like a common whore, maybe another day.”
Before he could over think it, he stepped out of impala and headed for the tall office building. Dean bypassed the front desk where Meg was working then Cas’ personal secretary’s desk. Meg was used to Dean bursting into Cas’ office unannounced.
“Yeah, dumbass.” Dean chuckled.
Dean burst out laughing. Castiel’s eyes crinkled around the corners and Dean could have swooned. “So you got him, obviously.”
What if you take too long?
“Thanks, but I think Cas has something to show me.” Dean ignored the looks of shock that surrounded him. He was in heaven it wasn’t like he couldn’t have pie whenever he wanted.
Dean shook his head. “I like you helping and I like seeing you with Emma. My dad just…he said that I trusted you too quick, we’ve only known each other for a year and-“
Dean didn’t respond, instead he groaned as Cas’ big hands dragged back down his torso before teasing the waistline of his jeans. Watching with intensity, Dean didn’t care that his face was on fire. Cas licked and nibbled at Dean’s waistline before undoing his jeans. A soft tap to his hip was Dean’s cue to lift his hips and Cas pulled down his jeans and boxers. His boyfriend stood up to pull his own down to expose his own raging hard on.
They dressed in relative silence. There was some giggling and poking with some kissing but Dean did manage to drop Castiel off and get himself home in time before his curfew. That night Castiel fell asleep smiling and dreaming about sparkly lights and bright green eyes. Prom wasn’t so stupid after all.
Cas and Crowley talked business. Dean paid attention through a face of boredom. He had learned a long time ago the best way to get people to think you weren’t paying attention was to look bored out of your mind.
Sam sat on the bench and was chewing on his fingernails. The kid looked possibly more stressed out than Dean was, but the younger Winchester was also channeling his anxiety into finding solutions. Dean’s problem solving skills had taken their union break.
“She’s a danger to the other kids.” Axel’s mom, who had yet to introduce herself, snapped.
“I remember when Sam and I were little we used to play all over these things.” Dean patted the hood of the car they were sitting on. “It’s the best place for hide and seek”
Dean snorted. He had been in a rush with this job. It wasn’t nearly as meticulously he normally did. Not that his work was beautiful to begin with.
Lips captured Dean’s. Each kiss was as amazing as the last. They had to be laced with something because he couldn’t seem to get enough. Cas manhandled Dean around and walked him backwards until the back of Dean’s knees hit the edge of the bed.
The ceiling didn’t protest against Sam’s ugly truth.
“Okay.” Castiel took a breath and as he exhaled he exited he car.
“Fuck.” Castiel ran a hand through his hair. He needed a cigarette.
Sam finished reading, Emma’s eyes were drooping shut. Quietly, Sam placed the book on the nightstand and untangled himself so he could stand. He went to shut off the lamp when Emma’s eyes peaked open.
“And your brother got scared of the fish!” Sam heard Cas call in the background.
“Something like that.” Or not being there when Sam was having nightmares. Or maybe Dean would wake up in a panic from a nightmare and freak Cas the fuck out. Those were all some other thoughts floating around.
Ah, Dean had warned him about this conversation. His fiancé had told Castiel that whatever him and Emma were comfortable with for his title to Emma was fine by him. It still sent butterflies into Castiel’s stomach, this was uncharted territory.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas replied in a monotone way. “Are you feeling well again?”
“Well, gentlemen,” Crowley stood and Cas and Dean followed, “I’m glade we were able to come to an agreement.”
“Why would I need to ask him? He can just tell me if he wants to go.”
For good measure Dean also stomped at Snake’s head. A sickening crack let out and the snake tattoo was covered in blood along with the rest of his face. Honestly it was a cool looking snake, it was just done in bad taste. Especially with the tongue trailing up to his cheek. He would think about it later and shudder.
“Please, Castiel.” Duma scoffed. “I practically gave you this house, I practically made you. I have a key.”
“So, what made you want to become the head honcho?” Dean asked through a mouth full of fries.
“Whatever, Samantha.” Dean rolled his eyes and tugged off his Henley.
“Where did you get the apron anyway?” Dean eyed the red apron with white tule.
“I’d like that.” Castiel’s smile turned wild, he couldn’t control it. “I know a diner that has great pie.”
“Oh, Dean.” Cas was on his feet and hugging Dean in an instant.
A silence fell over the house. Dean was panting, but he felt so light. He could be flying. Maybe he should check and make sure Jack didn’t make him an Angel because he felt like he was on cloud 9.
“Hey, honeybee.” Dean smiled at Cas who was sitting at his desk.
“Fine by me.” Dean shrugged. Who was he to deal with heaven’s logic.
Silence passed. Emma seemed okay with it, it made Dean want to squirm. Breaking awkward silences was Dean’s specialty, he may not do it subtly but he did do it.
“Uh, I thought I could stick around here.” Sam avoided Dean’s eyes. “Get a job.”
“That’s alright.” Cas was only vaguely aware of the words leaving his mouth. This guy was gorgeous. Green eyes, sandy hair, tall, bow legs, fit, he was basically Cas’ wet dream come to life.
“Dean wants to fix all of Halo’s issues.” Sam added.
After that night Dean and Cas would text. There was lots of phone sex, but they would also talk or send pictures of cute stuff too. Along with that, they would occasionally meet up for hunts. These ending with some awesome sort of sex, but there was also dinners and conversation too. It was like a really great friends with benefits situation.
“What?” Sam’s brow furrowed. “No, Dean loves being here with you.”
Awesome.
There was something soft in Dean’s eyes. Cas didn’t know what to say so he just stared into those green apple eyes.
“It’s been a long time since you’ve been gone, you aren’t exactly caught up to date.”
“Cas, you ever heard the phrase love is blind?” Dean said. White hot pain flashed across him at the devastated and insulted look that crossed the angel’s face. “You didn’t see me when Jack first came alone.”
“Where’s Uncle Sammy?” Emma was craning her neck to look behind Dean.
-You’re the one I want-
“I’m glad you’re both safe.” Cas eyed Sam warmly.
“I won’t!” Emma pouted.
“Oh, okay.” Emma eyed her potato. “So I don’t drive him batshit crazy?”
“Sap.” Dean blushed and ducked his face. “Soups on.”
“And…she’s gone.” Dean announced as Emma wiggled her way through the crowd to where her friend was on the playground.
“Come here.” Gabriel’s smirk softened and he entered the room. Castiel eyed his brother as Gabriel picked up the tie and looped it around Castiel’s neck. “What’s with the tux?”
It turned out the local PD was so excited about having some murder suspects in their jail that they weren’t interested in a bribe. Dean couldn’t believe it when Hannah told them, it wasn’t like the officers made that much. Apparently they had morals or some shit. What it meant for the Winchesters was they got moved out of the holding cell and into an actual prison. Awesome.
“You saw Black Crowes in concert?” John exclaimed eyes wide.
“Hey there, Gordy.” Dean bent down until they were eye level. “You know who I am?”
They were her safety blanket when Dean first got her. She was always fidgety so he gave her his bracelet to wear and mess with. Later she would sit and twirl the rings on his fingers, trace the bracelets on his wrist, or the horned amulet resting on his chest. Emma had a few feminine pieces too from what Ms. Matthews gave her, but she was content to wear and play with Dean’s.
“We should head home.” Dean whispered. “Before they explode from waiting.”
“Right,” Jack nodded seriously. “John Winchester due to an error that must be righted you will be condemned back to hell.”
Oh yeah.
“Hey, there’s always something to talk about with the weather.” Dean defended. “And you know everything about me so…”
It wasn’t too surprising that Meg was the first one to fall asleep towards the end of
“All garrisons need to return now. Raphael wants full reports and the names of the fallen. You and your garrison’s presence is required.” Adriel said. Adriel’s female vessel was wiry but strong looking and Dean knew how vicious Adriel could be in battle.
He cursed himself for getting close to Dean but most of all he cursed himself for not seeing whatever it was that Dean felt for him; then again Dean hadn't made it known to him and maybe Castiel had kept Dean at a close enough distance for him not to see what Dean had been feeling.
“Winchester, I would prefer it if you didn’t try to act humble when we both know it was your idea.” Novak said holding up a hand to cut of Dean’s babble.
?” Castiel said, his mouth hanging open in shock.
"Despite the fact that he's your resident.” Sam pointed out.
“Is this…Algebra with Mills?” the new student asked striding up to Ms Mills’ desk with a lazy smile on his lips. Ms Mills glanced down at a note on her desk then gave the new student a curt nod.
“Yes, he drove me home and that’s that.” Castiel said shrugging his shoulders.
“After waffles.” Claire and Jack said in unison. When the hell did those two learn how to do that?
“It’s better if we end…this. End it before you get more hurt than you have  to.” Castiel explained. Dean’s face fell.
“You’re a jerk. This is why I don’t talk to you about anything.”
“There weren’t pancakes, there was just coffee,” Dean interjected.
“Do you wanna come for a drink with us?” Jo asked smiling at Charlie’s almost delirious look.
nice?!” Dean asked.
“So, Mary’s son Dean is a student here. Starting today, I think. No one has seen him yet though. Should be interesting, to say the least,” Bela said. “Come on then, we better get going,” She said before the door burst open and one of the younger students came hurrying over to them.
"Good? Like 'good' good or 'It's a good thing he's hot' good?" Meg asked, with a cocked eyebrow.
“That it's fucked up. Because it is, it is fucked up.”
Michael’s mother changed the subject, slightly, to the talk of companies and universities. Everyone tried to get Balthazar to talk but he was staying quiet. Rachel’s mother talked non-stop about Rachel hoping to dance with Miami. Hester was holding out all her hope for American Ballet Theatre. Inias was trying to decide between going for a company or going to college. He had applied at NYU and a few other schools in case he didn’t get any offers from dance companies.
“You know all of this already. Just shut up and listen.”
and in love and all that horseshit. I know, I have to witness it
“Yes, we’re now contemplating whether to go old testament or new testament god.” Cas added. The four of them sat in comfortable silence, eating pancakes and drinking coffee. The fact that Claire and Dean were leaving still felt like it was hanging over their heads and Cas noticed just how slowly the twins were eating. Drawing out the departure for as long as possible. After nearly half an hour there was no more putting it off.
“Sir I’m sorry, I stayed behind to round up the garrisons. Danyael’s garrison were about to report to you.” Adriel said as her posture straightened as a sign of respect. Raphael didn’t even spare a glance in her direction.
her win? Dude, she pretty much kicked my ass without breaking a sweat and I was trying my damn hardest.”
“Dean I’m your mother, this is what mothers are here for,” Mary said fondly. “I just wish you had told me sooner about Castiel, he seemed lovely when your father and I met him.”
when I see it.” Mary said rolling her eyes as Dean motioned for Castiel to follow him out the kitchen. “Now don’t forget about Charlie” Mary called after Dean as they walked out the kitchen towards a spacious living room with several cardboard boxes still pushed up the far wall.
"Anna this is Charlie Winchester, Charlie this is my friend Anna Milton." Castiel said while Charlie beamed at Anna. He watched Anna continued to take Charlie in, probably trying to figure out if she was a bad influence like Meg, until she gave her a pleasant smile. Castiel assumed that Anna was thinking that a girl in rainbow shoelaces couldn’t be much of a bad influence.
“I’m guessing you can’t sleep.” Dean said. Castiel shrugged his shoulders with a tired smile on his face.
“A gentleman never tells.”
“If you’re not back in South Dakota by this evening then I will be back.” Tessa said before leaving Dean stood alone on the pier.
“Can it be me? I can’t handle him glaring at me anymore.” Sarah said pleadingly. "He's good-looking but so terrifying."
.” Tessa added sharply and before Dean could even say another word she was gone.
“You’re a child Dean Winchester but I love you anyway,” Cas said with a low chuckle. “Always have and always will.”
He hoped it was for the better.
“You’re on," Dean said, grinning. "It doesn't count if he comes back in book eight or nine though."
“I have no idea.” Cas said with a laugh. “That night, when everything went to hell, I wanted us to just go to New York and do whatever we wanted. I’m hoping that’s what you still want.”
“If he’s trying to remember what to do then we’re screwed.” Dean shot back trying to make light of the situation. There was a little kid out there who was terrified
“Yeah well you clearly found one of your little mutilated lackeys to pull you down and spruce you back up.” Dean snapped. Zachariah let out a derisive sounding bark of laughter as he glanced around Anna’s small house.
“I can hardly hear you Dean.” Cas said before he came into the bathroom.
"Dean please leave your poor brother alone." Mary said with a sigh. "If you want to be useful you can take this garbage outside."
“Dean I’m not worried about anything; it’s just going to take some getting used to. Moving away and not being here.”
in Russian. She'll butcher you in your sleep but at least she won't be cursing you out in French."
“God damn Sam! I’ll be right out!” Dean yelled right back. Cas rolled his eyes despite the conversation they had been having before Sam interrupted them.
“Let me guess, Anna Milton kept you up half the night pestering you about it and now you’re running on about three hours sleep and seven cups of coffee.”
"You want me to come with you?" Dean asked not sure if he was hearing Cas correctly.
“Dean.” Castiel said breathily as his eyes fell onto Dean. “I’ve done it. I’ve given control over to Jimmy and my mother was accepting of it, she given agreed that it was for the best. Everything will be alright…it will be painful but I can’t think they’ll grow to understand.”
“Cas…Cas…Cas I know you can hear me.” Dean said. Castiel sighed and pulled an earphone out of his ear and turned to quickly glance at Dean which probably wasn’t the greatest of ideas because the open look on Dean’s face, without a single hint of the anger Castiel expected, as he looked over at Castiel was incredibly distracting even if Castiel was trying to ignore him.. “Ok…um…look I was wondering…are you busy this afternoon?”
"Dean, we're going to be family in a few days. You might not be legally a part of Jimmy and Anna's family anymore but to them, you're their brother. You're family. We're going to be family and is like to think you can trust me." Amelia said. "Plus we were friends before I even knew Jimmy, you introduced us." That was true. Dean knew Amelia through a mutual friend and he had set her up with Jimmy. The rest was history.
He hadn’t come to the decision remotely lightly, especially after the other night at Dean’s and his conversation with Mary, but this was what Castiel did, when things got rough Castiel cut and ran. Sometimes he hated himself for it because he knew just how much he was hurting the people around him but he just couldn’t stop.
"You know him?" Sam asked. Because of course Gabriel would know of Dean, did the jerk just go around making sure everyone had an opinion on him?
artwork and I wasn’t the one that sent off your portfolio was I? You did that all by yourself.”
“It’s not too bad, the first book was better though,” Jess said with a shrug nodding once again at her book. “Sam said he would be back by eleven by the way. I have a lecture then, I’ll be out of your way to talk and whatever.”
“What if this case isn’t finished? What if there’s something I missed?” Gabriel asked furiously.
“You really haven’t changed at all.” Dean said shaking his head. “I’m going to get dressed and find Jimmy.” He said. Cas huffed loudly. “What?”
“Don’t worry Ruby, we’ve made sure that Balthazar is keeping her spot open. We won’t let her leave Lawrence," Richard said. “The second option is for her to go to rehab. She has to prove that she’s clean and then she can return to the academy next year. She’ll only be a year behind,"
“Yeah? You took a different bag to New York.”
They planned to meet at the bar, Dean after all had been at work all day while Michael had been with his resident preparing for the talk they were attending. However, Dean was running late, nearly fifteen minutes thanks to him having to triple check a patient's form because he could barely read the handwriting on it. By the time he got there, Michael was sat on a bar stool, his arms resting on the bar. As Dean was walking towards the bar Michael looked up, noticed him and smiled brightly.
Getting his first shot at solo surgery was Dean's greatest joy in life but being pushed against his shower wall and kissed hungrily by Cas came in at a very close second. He was definitely rethinking this thing between them being over once his alarm went off for work as Cas effortlessly lifted Dean up so he was able to wrap his thighs around the other man's waist. Jesus fuck Cas was strong. Steaming hot water hit Dean's hypersensitive skin as Cas kissed him deeply, his tongue exploring the planes of Dean's mouth until he was left breathless. Cas' deft fingers carded through Dean's hair with feather-soft touches.
“I love you too mother.”
And yet he was
"A clueless intern gave me one after I mentioned needing to contact my father. Your boss was right when she said half of them were slow on the uptake." Cas said as he motioned for Dean to come into his room. After shutting the door he pulled Dean in for a deep kiss but Dean jolted back. "I turned off all the cameras. No one can see us. It's just us here." Cas said, knowing what Dean was thinking. "Just stop overthinking Dean. I was thinking that after today we could have a date of our own."
"Still thinking about the pretzel?"
“She even gift wrapped it with a little bow,” Dean said with a chuckle.
the room was. There wasn’t a thing out of place apart from a lone coffee mug and stray book on Castiel’s bedside table. “This is like the size of the house back in South Dakota. How do you not get lost?” Dean asked as he took in the room.
"What have you done to her?" He hissed towards Dean. “And how do you know who I am?”
“Nope. I mean it about the cheesy tattoos. You guys are better than that.” Jimmy said giving Dean one last hug before Dean got into the car. “Oh and make sure that Cas actually eats. Coffee and cigarettes are not a food group.”
“Yeah but I believe in you,” Dean said.
“Fuck…I’m going to college.” Castiel groaned raking his fingers through his hair. He was going to be going to college.
…” Castiel tried to say but his words, the thoughts jumbled up in his brain, wouldn’t come out. “I can’t…I can’t talk about it.” He stuttered. He wanted to, God he wanted to tell Dean everything so badly just so he would feel less heavy, but Dean might run. He might realise that Castiel was just too broken for him to be around and Castiel would lose him completely. He would lose the friendship that he’d been trying so hard to push away and deep down that wasn’t what he wanted at all. . “You…you might run” Castiel nearly whispered.
“If you weren’t so keen on cardio I would recommend you go into paediatrics. You’re good with young people.” Cas said fondly.
"Sort stuff out? I'm part of that stuff?" Dean pressed angrily. “Our relationship is part of the stuff you need to ‘sort out’?”
. It is a weakening of the heart muscle and more info can be found
"This is bullshit," Meg muttered as she applied SecondSkin to her shoes and quickly wrapped up her feet. "Though if you drop Hester I won't care."
“It’s a good thing you’re dedicating your life to being a space cowboy then," Charlie said, her eyes glued to her phone as well. “Who, in particular, is annoying you?” She asked, glancing up at Meg before her focus returned to her phone.
“I could put my shirt back on and go to find something to do that doesn’t involve taking any item of your clothing off,” Dean said while Cas continued to chuckle.
"Dean, I assume for the lack of profanities it wasn't Jo at the door." Cas' voice came floating down the hall and moments later Dean was joined by the man himself. Thank God he'd had the sense to button up his shirt to hide the huge hickey. Mary looked over at Cas inquisitively, clearly trying to figure out who he was as Dean tried desperately not to flush red.
“It’s not my fault you watch shitty shows.” Jo retorted before she turned back to Charlie. “If you want me to live with you then I’d love to.”
“What are we talking about?” Sarah asked sitting down opposite Jo, Charlie hot on her heels.
"Yeah… I guess, like you, I never really stopped loving you. That kind of love doesn't just go away Cas. It just goes to sleep for a while, waiting to be awoken again I guess." Dean said glancing over at Cas who was now staring at him with a look of longing. Fuck, way to make it hard to concentrate on the road Cas.
“Ok, just spit it out.” Dean said. He pointed a syrup cover fork at Claire. “Because I know you Claire Mary Winchester, you can’t keep an opinion to yourself.”
“Told you, he’s doing it again.” Claire said from the doorway.
"I'll get us some more drinks," he said sliding out his seat and making his way towards the bar.
for doing this. “Hey, pull over a minute.” Cas said, unbuckling his seatbelt.
“Did you just quote a book title?” Dean asked.
"You were sarcastic, aloof and acted like you owned the detention room." Dean said.
The past two years had been a surreal blur. Back when he moved from Connecticut to Chicago, Dean had been filled with loss and fear of the unknown. He'd just broken up with Michael and was moving to a city he'd never been to, he had been starting his internship and saying goodbye to Sam as he moved out to California. The move to Baltimore had been completely different. Sure he was feeling the loss of leaving Jo and his other friends behind and there were the nerves of being a first-year resident but he'd had Cas by his side.
“Yeah but you still love me and still want me bad.”
“As some of you may have heard, mainly because you’re all a bunch of gossips, we have a new student joining our senior class,” Balthazar said.
.” Anna said. “I haven’t seen or heard from Gabriel in months.” She added after a brief pause. Castiel’s blood ran cold at her words.
Flash forward two years and Dean was completely settled in Baltimore. His local coffee shop knew both his and Cas' orders so all they had to do was walk through the doors and the baristas were already starting their drinks. Sure he and Cas still fought but the arguments were always tiny and over something silly like who drank the last drop of juice (normally Dean), who left the TV on standby because they fell asleep while reading case files (normally Cas) and who kept wearing all of Dean's shirts and leaving then strewn across the bedroom floor (once again the culprit was Cas).
“Um, can I have a minute with my son?” Chuck asked.
“Listen, Zachariah Alder is having a party on Saturday. Come with me?”
“Did you realise we’ve never had that conversation?”
“No, no I’m not. I signed the papers. I’ve sent them to the fucking lawyers and they can track Cas down. They can tell him that our marriage is over. They can tell him that despite me loving him more anyone else in the goddamn fucking world I agreed to the divorce!” Dean snapped. He slammed the beer bottle down on the table and ignored the mess it made. Cas brought that damn coffee table, Dean was tempted to burn the fucker.
“The kid said something about Mom?” Luke said between his teeth. Castiel simply nodded. Luke spun where he stood as if he was looking for an exit strategy to go and find Alistair so he could kick the shit out of the kid. “You punched him really hard right?” Luke asked. Castiel nodded once again. “Good. You should have punched him again just for good measure.” Luke added murderously. Sam raised an eyebrow and looked over at Dean who just shook his head as if to say that now wasn’t the right time to ask questions about Castiel’s mother.
“Don’t look at me kid, ain’t got
“Cas…Cas…we should get going.” Dean said looking down at the numerous bottles littering the booth’s table.
“Do you?” Dean retorted.
“Honestly, Castiel you don’t have siblings you treat as terribly as these two treat each other do you?” Mary asked keeping a wary eye on her sons.
"Dude, it's a date," Sam said. "I should go, I've got work that needs doing and a wife to avoid."
“Of course, what did you want to talk about?”
“I heard cookies!” Sam called from the hall.
"THEN
“I don't have a crush on him. We're friends, Charlie.” Dean said but he said it far too quickly and he knew that Charlie didn't believe him. “Just drop it ok?” He asked pleadingly.
"True but who has the time to find a man and spend twenty minutes faking an orgasm before I see to myself." Josie said with a sigh. "What's up? You seem tweaked."
“I could kiss you.” Dean said as he poured himself a large mug of coffee.
“Sure.” Dean said. Castiel lit him a cigarette and handed it over. “This show makes anyone smoke like a chimney. My brother, he’s the assistant director, used to smoke like a fucking fiend until he met his fiancée.” Dean said. “So…what’s wrong man?”
The next morning they were getting dressed, Dean deliciously slightly sore. He began packing afterwards.
Neither of them really knew how to dance, so like everyone else they just swayed side to side. It was nice. Dean’s fingers toy with Castiel’s hair. Castiel’s own fingers draw circles into Dean’s hips as they swayed.
“No, thank you. I’m not a fan of movies.” Cas began walking again.
What felt like hours later, Dean’s eyes popped back open not having slept at all. Dean glanced over his shoulder to see it had only been ten minutes. Well fuck him.
They stayed there for a while longer. Eventually both of them pulled away, Dean a little reluctantly, he’d have been more than happy to just hug Cas forever. It was then that Bobby cleared his throat. Dean jumped, he may have forgotten the old man was behind them.
If only Cas could enjoy it. The box in his pocket feels like an anvil.
“What do you think of this?” Cas asked.
Dean was feeling fine, but Sam had left for a job cross country days ago when he was still feeling crummy. Sam had explained it before he left, but Dean was knee deep in a Doctor Sexy rerun. There had been something about investments…The details had been irrelevant. The point was Dean’s phone was ringing with Cas’ name flashing on the screen in their quiet house of the early evening.
“Cas, gonna, gonna-“
“So Castiel, any plans for after high school?” John started the conversation.
Castiel watched from across the parking lot as Dean walked towards the impala. He was sucking down his third cigarette as he waited for the nerd to see his surprise.
“And it’ll piss the hell out of my mother, so that’s a perk.” Cas put his phone down and began to kiss Dean’s cheek. “I love it when you blush.”
“M’kay.” Emma mumbled.
He was reorganizing the kitchen. Cas had ran into the office for a few hours so Dean could get comfortable without it feeling too awkward.
“Come on, at the table.” Sam said and set their plates down.
“Mm.” Cas hummed into Dean’s ear as he nibbled on Dean’s lobe. “I’m your dork.”
“Thanks.” Castiel ducked his head and shoved a large bite of food into his mouth.
“If I tell you we had sex the whole time will you leave it alone?” Dean asked as he reached his room. Sadly Sam pranced into his room before he could slam the door in his younger sibling’s face. Typical.
“The jackass is living with Mary.” Bobby seethed.
“Get in the back, now.” Castiel gasped out between kisses.
“The place with the best burgers in the country.”
“Sammy-“
Another day passed. During Dean’s lunch break he went and got the ring resized. The man at the jewelry store was really nice and had the job done by the time Dean was done with work, so he picked it up on the way home.
His boyfriend got the message and began undressing. Dean scrambled out of his pants and underwear, his erection stood at attention, purple and throbbing as soon as it was free. He couldn’t help but whimper at the sudden cold -well, room temperature- air.
They weren’t too drunk off of the punch so Dean drove them to a dark field. It was a little ways off the road and the only light were the stars in the sky. It was kind of romantic if the two teenagers didn’t have plans to make out in the back of the car.
Sam shut off the lamp and turned on the nightlight that cast stars on the ceiling. He crept back downstairs. The dark and quiet house seemed to be mocking Sam.  A year later and Sam still felt out of place. The homey house didn’t feel homey to him.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas kissed Dean’s cheek.
Dean thankfully had the brainpower to lift the coffee cup out of the way. That would have killed the mood quicker than a mom walking in on her son’s prom night.
“I believe you mentioned something about spanking?” Cas smile turned wicked.
Before he could comment, the doorbell rang and Dean answered it and paid for the pizza along with a generous tip to the pimpled faced delivery boy. He went into the kitchen and took the pizza from the box and placed it on a large serving tray. Then he set the serving tray on the fancy table in the separate dining room.
Dean couldn’t get the man out of his head. Those blue eyes plagued him. He had tried to ask Bobby who had told Dean he didn’t have a catalogue on every hunter. Well, he said something like that but with more cursing and sarcasm.
“Hey.” Castiel smiled.
“I wanted to cook you a meal.” The words almost sounded like a whine and Dean couldn’t help the light chuckle.
Castiel had to admit, he did look good. The navy suit and tie made his eyes stand out. The pants hugged his thighs in just the right way. His hair was messy as usual but it looked more like purposeful style and not like he just rolled out of bed. Not to mention the fading pink of his hair worked well with the blue suit.
She wore a deep green dress that hung to her knees in the front and to the floor in the back. It was sparkly and the skirt had a emerald tule. In short she looked like a…what was the Harry Potter thing? Like a Slytherin princess.
Dean didn’t find him that day either, nor had he texted. Castiel couldn’t convince himself that he was relieved.
“You have to eat your vegetables.” Sam stood and began cleaning the kitchen.
Castiel couldn’t help but snort, he returned his attention back to his book. “What’re you snorting at?”
When the fat lady sang the brothers were cleared of all charges. It was a miracle and anyone worth their grain of salt would know something wasn’t right, but they couldn’t do a thing about it. Soon enough their record of their stay at the prison would be wiped from the system by a very clever red head.
“Good, for me too.” Cas nodded. “I don’t have a lot of experience, so I wanted to be sure.”
Something almost cracked in Dean’s chest. He pushed it down with a swallow. “Your uncle is spending a few days with a friend.”
From the corner of his eye, he saw Cas. He looked a little sheepish and a hand gun was in his hand. Dean looked down over Sam’s shoulder and saw the man who had been after Sam. He had a knife held loosely in his limb hand and a bullet hole through the side of his head.
Jess.
“Prom.” Castiel rolled his eyes at the idea. “It’s so dumb. It’s just a glorified school dance but it costs a lot more and has more traditional bullshit you’re supposed to follow.”
“So you’ve gotten past the whole eye stabbing?”
“Please, she’s just lying for attention.”
Dean just sighed and nodded. He kissed Cas again. He checked the time glumly. They walked together to the front door together.
“I’d do it again.” Cas’ eyes snapped to Dean’s. Fuck, really hadn’t meant to say that. “I mean I’d prefer not to, ‘cause getting shot sucks and all, but-“
He watched Dean go to unlock the impala and freeze. Show time. Castiel stomped out his cigarette and crossed the parking lot.
“That sounds perfect.”
“Okay then.” Dean sighed. “But when this goes sideways, you owe me the biggest pie.”
“Don’t be so dramatic.”
“She just wanted a kiss.” Dean made kissing sounds.
Geez, Sam was wondering how he had made it into Stanford. That attempt at  wisdom was the biggest lecture of blabbering that anyone had ever attempted. Emma seemed to understand though, or at least appreciate what Sam was trying to say.
“Awesome.” Dean laughed a little hysterically. “I’ll talk to Jerry. I’m sure he’ll be fine with it.”
Cas kissed Dean’s forehead and yep Dean was officially a melted puddle of warm goop. Then Cas untangled himself from Dean to stand. A dignified whine left Dean’s mouth at the loss of contact. Dean eyed Cas’ ass encased in his suit pants and made a mental promise that the next time that ass left his bed it was going to be bare.
<————>
“Cas, in me, right now.” Dean bucked his hips up. “I need you in me, like yesterday.”
“Hi, Mary.” Jack smiled and waved.
Castiel let the first day go by in bed. He dozed in and out, the only reason he got up was to smoke on the window ledge.
“It’s so not.” Dean said, amused. “Sam, call if anything goes sideways.”
“The hell-“ Dad was interrupted by Jack plowing on calmly.
“‘Kay.” Emma said, this time more so mouthing the words than actually saying them, then she disappeared up stairs.
“Sammy?” Dean sat up. Concern was already rising. “What’s wrong?”
“Alright.” Sam was surprised Dean was taking this so seriously.
He might just be sick.
Just like that all his anxiety went away, because Dean was right there. He was beautiful and happy and looking at Castiel like he looked at pie or a new comic book.
“Yeah, but we all came out okay, so don’t hurt yourself thinking too hard on the what if’s .” Dean said maybe more to himself than Sam.
He was fleeing the room before anyone could protest. He felt a pair of blue eyes stabbing at his back but he didn’t stop. The sun glared down at him as he escaped to the scrapyard. He shielded his eyes and scanned the piles of rusting cars for his daughter. Finally he spotted her perched on top of a large pile, sitting on the hood of an old Station-wagon.
Dean finished putting the pots and pans into their new home in the cabinet next to the oven. Who the hell put that stuff on a top shelf? Satan, that was who.
Now Dean wasn’t a man who tended to think things through. That business was Sam’s job and Sam was currently getting choked out on the floor. So Dean ran full speed at Hunter and bodily tackled him off his brother and on to the bed.
Dean turns toward him, looking away from the road. Cas opens his mouth to scold him for being an irresponsible driver. “No, it’s not, Cas,” he says. “I need you to listen to me—“
“You wanna go?” Dean says, and she nods. “Okay, then. We can go.”
“I mean, you, Cas, you’ve been seeing through the Matrix since the minute we met, right? And I’ve still been stuck in it. And I’m not brave the way you are. I was just scared, because…”
, and Cas finds that he agrees with him.
, he remembers Cas asking him,
“Yes,” Jack said then, abruptly. “It’s too much power for anyone, I think. It’s wrong.” He looked between the three of them, and for a moment he looked so much like a child, waiting for guidance. “It’ll take away
Castiel considered this. He had watched the humans; Eve’s hair was growing long, and he watched Adam carefully braid it, so it would stay out of her face. There was nothing like that among angels. There were things God left out, when creating them. Humans, not angels, were made in His image.
It would be great if it were just as easy as falling into bed together, but of course nothing is ever that easy. Well, the first couple hours afterward are easy, because Dean falls into a dead sleep and wakes up with Cas still curled around him, watching him. Evidently being human hasn’t broken him out of that habit.
He trailed off, unable to think of an excuse. On the screen, Danny Tanner was sitting next to Stephanie on her bed, probably imparting the moral of the week. Jack watching these sitcoms was fine, but Dean wished he could tell him that it wasn’t real life. He was pretty sure Danny Tanner never told Uncle Jesse — Uncle Jesse was the one he wasn’t related to, right? — that he loved him right before dying. He was pretty sure that would have made things a little bit awkward.
“You should be focusing on Chuck—“
“You made a deal,” Dean says. “For Jack, remember that?”
Dean calls Sam a few days later from a hotel in Denver, where. Claire had gone out by herself and told Dean not to expect her to be back that night. He made her take a knife with her and promise to text the address if she ended up staying somewhere, but it’s not like he’s going to prevent her from getting laid. God knows he ditched his family in enough motel rooms chasing girls when he was her age, and it’s not like Claire gets to a big city all that often.
Maybe a year after Sam’s Stephen King phase, he and Dean stayed for a week or so at some little hotel in Montana that Sam became convinced was haunted. There was this room down the hallway with weird sounds and smells that he was convinced betrayed supernatural energy. Dean, who at eleven had seen more than a few ghosts, wasn’t as convinced, but in a way it was fun to play along. To creep down the hall with Sam looking for evidence, playing at being hunters. They’d drawn a line of salt outside the room’s door, but all it had done was piss off housekeeping.
Claire Novak looks out at the expanse of the Grand Canyon like she’s evaluating it to decide whether it’s allowed to stay on the face of the earth. She’s been sitting there motionless for a good few minutes, knees hugged to her chest like she might outlast the rock.
The strange thing is that it doesn’t feel so different.
either. “Maybe. I’m not sure.”
“And you boys raised him right,” Jody said. She laughed, then, a watery unsteady laugh. “Well. Holy shit. I — I got a room full of hunters to break the news to. We’ll start getting the word out, I guess.”
Cas used to have incredible tolerance. One of those angel things, that he could knock back a dozen shots before he started to feel anything. Dean wonders what his tolerance is like now, if he drinks at all. They only had one drink together, after Cas came back, a toast to making it through the end times once again.
“It wasn’t like that,” Cas says. Dean hasn’t taken his eyes off him for a second since he woke up. He is leaning over him, hovering worriedly, and he looks — well, he looks the way he always has when Cas is hurt, but it feels different now. “I healed you. You should have fewer scars now, and… significantly less damage to your liver.”
Dean doesn’t see Claire for the rest of the night, and he doesn’t knock on the door of the hotel room next to his and demand that she explain herself. Instead, he stays up half the night wallowing, feeling sorry for himself and feeling like shit about it.
No, it is not all Cas has wanted. But then, everything he has known he wanted from Dean has come with the accompanying realization that he couldn’t have it. And really, what they had is more than Cas ever thought he would get. There were times, in the past few years, when it has felt like everything. When Dean would make dinner and the four of them would gather around the kitchen table, and Cas would eat something even though in his mouth, it only tasted of its component elements. They would raise a toast to a job well done at the end of a hard day, and Cas would feel as close as he had ever been to belonging.
But no, he can’t think about that, about another kid he let down.
Some time after Dean thought Cas had fallen asleep, he spoke up suddenly, in a voice quiet enough that he was clearly testing whether Dean was awake too. “Dean?” he said.
“Okay, look —“ Dean reached for his wallet, but anger flashed in Cas’ eyes.
Dean tries to be proud of that.
Claire looks up at him, and Dean realizes she looks genuinely awed. “It’s — it’s pretty impressive,” she says. “I guess I forgot things could be, like, that —“ She waves a hand in the air. “Majestic, I guess.” She sounds embarrassed by the phrasing, but it’s clear that she means it.
It does hurt, giving up his grace. It bleeds through his skin into Dean’s, finding the damage in his body and setting it right. It illuminates both of them. It’s not like dying, and Cas has done it often enough to know. Dean says his name again, frightened, and Cas holds his hand in place.
“Dean —“
be a ghost,” she says. “Is that stupid?”
That night, sitting on one of the twin beds in Dean’s hotel room, opposite the one where he’s sitting, scrolling through her phone during the commercial break of a show after sharks on the Discovery Channel.
Claire turns out to be kind of the perfect traveling companion.
“Did you make anything like that?” Claire asks. If she’s picking up on anything that’s off between them, she isn’t letting on. “Any, you know, geographic formations?”
“What broke the connection?” Dean asks him.
. It was just a guy. Can we just go?”
“Come on,” Dean says, feeling a little insulted. “It’s gotta be better than catching the bus.”
“Have you talked to Kaia lately?” Dean says.
“It’s Sioux Falls,” Cas says. “After you were resurrected.”
Dean immediately regretted that he had stopped messing with the car parts, wishing he had something to do with his hands. “So you’d be, uh, moving out there?”
“I mean it, okay? What you learned as a hunter doesn’t make you immortal. You got to keep that in mind.”
“Dean, what the hell?” Sam said. “You didn’t pick up any of my calls—“ and then he tripped over his words, like he’d just realized what he was seeing. “Dean. What happened?”
When Dean found out Claire had never been to the Grand Canyon, either, he decided they had to change their route. It’s an addition of a few days onto their trip, but Dean doesn’t mind. It’s not like he has anywhere in particular to be.
That’s weird to think about, Sam not wanting kids. Of course, he didn’t exactly ever say he
“You know,” he says, “when I was about your age, there was this girl.”
“Hey, kid,” he said to Jack, who was standing off to the side with a puzzled-looking frown. He had a backpack worn over one arm. It was impossible to believe, looking at him, that he had been anything like the Antichrist or held the powers of God.
So he straightens up. He looks into his own eyes again, and for the first time in months Dean Winchester feels a goddamn sense of purpose.
“Shut up,” Dean laughs.
Jesus Christ. Dean could’ve sworn he used to be good at this, talking to kids. When he was with Lisa, for a while at least he was good with —
What he said seems to reassure her, because she puts a finger up in the air before taking a long sip of her own drink, indicating that he should wait for the pronouncement she’s about to make. “I had a stepdaughter,” she says. “
“I just mean—“ Dean starts. He doesn’t know why he feels defensive. “You never mentioned that you were, uh, going to see it. We could’ve come out here sometime.”
“You too, man, come on,” Dean said, and he tugged Cas forward into his arms. He felt Cas freeze for a moment in surprise — they hadn’t touched, like this, since he came back. Not since the last time they’d been in Purgatory, actually, but Dean felt like an idiot for not offering when Cas had been to probably the loneliest place you could ever go. The thought of it made him hold Cas tighter, and he felt Cas’ arms squeeze around his shoulders, too, felt Cas for just a moment tuck his head against Dean’s shoulder as if he were hiding his eyes.
? And of course he hadn’t waited for an answer.
Apparently he’d made some changes to the global climate as well, dramatically slowing the timeline of environmental disaster.
“Yes,” Cas says. “I could feel it.”
In the light of the early morning, the street is empty and pretty much silent. There’s no one around walking a dog or anything, and all the kids are probably at school this early on a weekday. Jack is probably at school too, he realizes. To Dean it feels like the street is doing what he’s been doing since they left Vegas the previous day — standing in suspense, holding his breath.
“Okay.” Claire’s time of voice is still bland, detached.
“Can I—“ Cas starts to say, but then Dean is kissing him.
Sam and Jack came looking for him eventually, when all their phone calls went unreturned. Dean could hardly stand to look at them when they came through the door. He had been crying, for an amount of time he couldn’t begin to guess at, and then the tears had dried up and he had just sat there, eyes sore, hollowness in his chest swallowing him from within.
Distantly, on the streets outside, there are the sounds of cars passing by. There are footsteps in the hall outside and the faint murmur of conversation a few doors down. The world is, once again, filled with humanity.
“The world has changed,” Cas agreed, neutral.
“Hey, man.” The phone’s still on speaker, and Claire looks over at him curiously. “What’ve you been up to?”
Claire spends plenty of time glued to her phone, of course. She relays commentary to Dean from Alex and Patience, Jody and Donna. She gets text messages from Cas sometimes, too. He catches her sending him a selfie of the two of them posing next to the roadside whale, and Cas replies with one of those awful heart emojis.
As much as Cas wants to interrupt, to tell him he’s wrong, he stays silent. He stays close, both of them leaning against each other.
Under the weight of Claire’s raised eyebrow, Dean feels a sudden rush of guilt flood through him. He should have called. And he hasn’t even thought about visiting. It’s only been a few weeks, but — he should have called. “I guess that’ll be up to Claire,” he says. “But I’m sure I’ll make up there soon.” He feels the bizarre desire to call Jack something like
She does, showing up at the car at nine on the dot with food and her duffel bag of belongings in tow. Dean takes the coffee gratefully and takes a moment to look her over out of the corner of his eye.
“So now you don’t have your grace, and that sucks, but you can just — be a person,” .Dean said. “ You know, if you like your job, that’s great. If you don’t, you can get a different one. You can meet someone and do human stuff with them, I don’t know, and just know that you made your own choices.”
“Sure,” he says. “What the occasion?”
“Okay, stay where you are,” he repeats again. “If anything happens and you have to move, just call me back, okay? I’ll be right there.”
“Don’t you say you’re sorry to me again, okay? Don’t say that.” His voice comes out soft and pleading instead of angry. It sounds, at least to him, like a prayer.
“I love you,” he says again into the kiss. “Love you, love you, Cas.”
Dean’s life has more than enough dark moments to draw on, but if anyone asked him to name the worst, he’s pretty sure telling Jack about what happened to Cas after he cashed in the deal with the Empty would make it close to the top of the list.
Cas smiles. “I have a life on Earth,” he says. “I have a family. What else in creation could compare? I told you what I want, Dean. Please believe me.”
“You don’t have anywhere to sleep tonight, do you,” Dean said. He didn’t see any point being subtle about it.
He sets his hand against the car’s hood, thinking of the initials he and Sam had carved as children, thinking of how for years this had seemed like the only thing he could claim as his own. “You go back to South Dakota and get your girl and you can take her down to the beach. Go out to California.”
“Yeah, we will,” he says, and it’s the best promise he’s made in a long time.
I’d be Han.”
The words hang heavy in that lonely hotel room. The kind of words that are powerful in a way that’s got nothing to do with exorcisms or incantations. For a moment he thinks of backtracking, trying to snatch back what he’s said, but he says quiet, waiting for the reply.
my dad. You think I want you to give me advice? You think I don’t see what you’re doing, driving around the country like you don’t have a care in the world. Like you don’t have any family who needs you. Don’t act like you’re so much older and wiser and better than me when I
It’s not a great sign. Dean helps himself to his own buffet breakfast. They’ve got scrambled eggs, so he goes with that and one of the tiny little blueberry muffins. Loathe as he is to admit to it, eating bacon or sausage every morning hasn’t been working out well lately.
Sam just shakes his head and gets up, setting his beer bottle down next to the sink with an unpleasant little thud and leaving the room.
When Dean looked at him, all he could think about was Cas being pulled into the dark nothingness of the Empty, looking as happy as Dean had ever seen him. Cas had made that sacrifice, and then he’d come back, and Dean hadn’t been the one to save him. It almost felt wrong, Jack popping Cas back into life like none of it had ever happened. Maybe, Dean thought, if he had torn the Empty apart himself and dragged Cas back home, maybe that would have gone some way toward making up for it all.
Claire types the phrase into her phone with exaggerated carefulness. “Dean — says — hey.”
. That would be better; it wouldn’t feel like the end of everything.
“I’ve been working on a few things,” Sam says. “Cataloguing the artifacts and books here, mostly. There’s a lot I never had the time to go through.”
Jesus, Dean still doesn’t even know how to talk to him like this. It was easier before, when he could think of Jack as more or less an equal in some ways — but that was never true, and he can’t ignore it now that Jack is four feet tall and in elementary school. When Sam talked about girls he met at school as a kid, Dean would tease him about having a girlfriend, but you’re probably not supposed to do that anymore, right? Who knows if Jack will even like girls, when he grows up. You’re not supposed to assume.
Immediately, Cas tries to sit up, to comfort him, but Dean pushes him back down by the shoulder. “Slow down,” he says. “You’re still recovering from — I don’t know, basically cutting your own wings off with a pair of rusty scissors.”
“For god’s sake, Dean.” For the first time since Chuck died, Dean doesn’t cut in to point out the irony.
“Good,” Cas says honestly. “I think it will suit me better this time.”
“He needs to be around children who are — well, his own physical age,” Cas said. “It will be good for him to socialize. And there’s only so much I can teach him — I mean, he’ll want to go to college one day. Potentially.”
“All I’m saying is… he’s a good dad. I don’t think he would leave Jack, for anything.”
Dean hesitates. He has half a mind to demand answers and then go back and beat the hell out of whoever gave her that bloody nose. She’s just holding the sleeve of her jacket to it, doesn’t even have any tissues or toilet paper to stop the blood.
“Oh,” Jack says, and then his backpack slides to the floor of the car as he throws his arms around Dean to hug him. Dean can feel himself breathe a sigh of relief as he wraps his arm around the kid — his kid. Jack somehow, for all he’s done, doesn’t hate him. Still wants him around.
“You look tired,” Cas says carefully. “I could… get you a coffee?”
Dean doesn’t get it, until Claire raises an eyebrow at him, and then he does. Claire, who is much closer to their server’s age than he is, is wearing a shirt that shows off her new tattoo. She’s got a certain air of confidence, with her short hair swept carelessly to the side. “Oh,” he says. “So she was, uh, she was flirting. With you.”
You couldn’t scare anyone who’d seen a ghost in the flesh — or whatever — at the real-life Stanley, though.
. Something about the name sparks a distant flicker in his mind. Jack is important, Castiel knows this. He just can’t quite remember who is he.
, Cas thinks, the words feeling foreign.
“Shut up and listen,” Dean commands. She slinks down a little further in her seat. Dean considers turning the radio down again, but decides Claire would probably just continue the pattern. “Her name was Cassie,” he says. “We met when I was in town for a little while, and ended up sort of seeing each other. She didn’t take it well when I told her what line of work I was in.”
this, since he was conscious of wanting, since he was capable of desire. Cas is hardly an expert in these things, but Dean doesn’t kiss him like an expert, either. He kisses like it is desperately important, like this thing between them is precious. He presses one hand into Cas’ hip and cradles his jaw in the other, and all Cas can think to do is pull him closer, taking two fistfuls of Dean’s shirt and holding on tight. He tastes like motel coffee, and Cas’ newly human senses interpret it as the best thing he’s ever experienced.
“Wow!” Jack enthuses as soon as he throws open the door of the car. “This is so cool! You brought your car to school!”
And then Dean catches his eye.
Cas shakes his head. “You don’t know them,” he says. “They wouldn’t. They won’t.”
Cas asked him what he wanted, Dean remembers. And maybe he can’t answer that quite yet, not totally, but he can tell him what he doesn’t want. “I don’t want to be the guy who let you down,” he says. “I don’t want to be the guy who shows up here once or twice a year to take Jack to baseball games, who he doesn’t really know. I wanna do better than that.”
Dean takes a deep breath, eyes closed. His hand is clenched tightly in the fabric of Cas’ shirt. “Because I knew what I wanted. I knew, and I thought it wouldn’t ever happen. I always thought, you know, that’s not gonna happen for me. I’m not gonna find someone, I’m not gonna have a family. But every reason I thought that — those are Chuck’s reasons. I had that right in front of me, and because of everything he threw at us I never saw it.”
There’s no way, in between world-ending crises and their various deaths and their various fights, that they ever would have made it out to see the Grand Canyon. Dean doesn’t know why he said it, except that he wishes they had. He wishes Cas was here now, really, that Dean was showing him something good about this world that he’s stuck in now the same as the rest of them.
“There are a lot of places on Earth I’d like to see,” Cas says. “Like Madagascar.” He pauses for a moment, then adds, “It has some of the greatest species diversity of Earth.”
“Oh,” Dean said. Somehow, stupidly, it hadn’t occurred to him that Jack would go to school now.
Cas just looks confused. “Where’s your car?”
“It’s a museum for children featuring exhibits on scientific topics. Jack wanted to see the exhibit on dinosaurs. He’s interested in life from earlier eras of creation.”
The kid beamed. “Yes,” Jack said, and he laughed, and ran straight into Castiel’s waiting arms.
, Dean tried to tell himself, but it felt dishonest to even attempt to deny it. Of course he meant it that way. It was Cas, and he said what he meant.
So Dean tells her the story, which leads into telling her about what Sam was like when he was missing his soul, the kind of thing you can definitely only laugh about with the benefit of time. They must sound at least twice as crazy as anyone in town to look for little green men. Before they go, Dean pays for the keychain, which Claire, thankfully, doesn’t remark on.
Dean whipped his head around to look at him. “Excuse me? What?”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “and you better pay close attention. Go ahead, start the engine.”
“Hey, no, it’s a nice place.”
There’s so much nervous energy thrumming through Dean’s body that he thinks he might agree to anything. Twenty hours. It’s nothing, he’s driven further in one shot. And if he can’t hold it together for twenty hours, what chance does he have once he actually gets there?
, Castiel thinks. He knows what Dean does next: be stabs Castiel in the heart with his knife, he asks who Castiel is and Castiel answers.
Dean shrugs, sort of sheepishly. “I was gonna speak to the Empty,” he says. “Make a deal of some kind. There’s gotta be something I can offer.”
“The Empty would come for you when you had a moment of real happiness, that was the deal,” Dean says. A strange expression comes over his face as he says it. “And you said — do you remember what you said to me, Cas? Can you try and remember?”
“Well,” Dean says, “we could go to Disney now.”
“Yeah,” Dean says. “It’s, uh, definitely a weird feeling.”
Cas opens his eyes after a moment, and looks toward Dean with a soft smile, and Dean kisses him, though not for anyone but himself.
Dean decides not to bring up the fact that he knows Claire drives like she’s evading the police and recently took the side mirror off Alex’s car. “We’ll see about that,” he says instead, and lets the Paul Simon crooning keep playing while they speed down the highway away from Lebanon.
I felt your soul,” Cas says, and Dean does look away from him then, flushing.
“How was your day?” he asks.
, Dean can’t help but think. “I’m not a kid, and you’re
“Sure,” Jack said, still a little quizzically, and hit the pause button.
“Oh,” Dean says. It’s the kind of thing Sam liked when he was a kid, that Dean would drop him off at if they were in a big enough city and admission was free. He can’t remember a time when he didn’t feel too old for things like that, too world-weary. Stupid, really. He probably would’ve liked looking at the dinosaurs.
“That would actually be really great,” Claire says.
One night, after falling asleep at the kitchen table with half a bottle of whiskey, he woke up to see Jack standing over him. The kid had a sleeve of Oreos in one hand and a guilty look on his face. His eyes, Dean could tell, were red-rimmed from crying.
He knew that Cas watched him while he slept in Purgatory. On Earth, he wouldn’t have allowed that, but here — well, he was human and vulnerable, and his companions didn’t need to sleep at all. He would catch a few hours of fitful rest while Benny kept an eye on the horizon and Cas watched him, and that was just how it was, unquestioned.
In fact, as he finishes the last of his drink, he realizes he doesn’t even really want to be talking to her. There’s really only one person he wants to talk to.
“But I’m here, Dean,” Cas says gently, “I’m right here.”
“Yeah,” Dean says bitterly, “And I didn’t save you. I didn’t make up for anything. So I — I just wanted to let you go live your life. You and Jack. Figured it’d be better.” He’s got his hands back to himself again now, but Cas is still just the smallest distance away.
Cas said, and maybe it was that love which made Cas come back every time, no matter how badly they’d hurt each other. He doesn’t think he could begin to feel worthy of it.
“What do you think of going to Mesa Verde?” she says. “The national park in Colorado? It’s a little out of our way.”
, Dean.”
Dean smiles, and Cas thinks it looks— bittersweet, maybe. Maybe that’s the right word. “This is where we met.”
“Uh, yeah? We’re going to be in town for another day, right?”
“Well, you still can. Hand over the card,” Claire says. She pulls out her phone and starts typing something.
“Can you just drive?”
“Wait,” Dean says, “are you saving her number?”
Why does he know that?
Dean winces. It’s not like she’s wrong — he can acknowledge that in his own mind, at least — but hearing it said out loud is a different matter. And Claire just says it, like it’s no big deal.
Sam scowls at him as soon as Claire leaves. “You’re really going, then,” he says. He sounds as disappointed as he does when Dean promises to try a new vegetarian recipe and then adds bacon.
“Yes,” Cas said thoughtfully. “That sounds — that sounds alright. Thank you, Dean.”
“I love Jack. And I’ll always be there for him,” Sam says calmly. “But we both know I’m not the one Cas wants to follow him out there. And Jack idolizes you.”
Castiel’s been watching for a while now.
Claire rolls her eyes at him, putting the book back. “Yeah,” she says. “I guess you’d have run into one by now.”
Even looking away from him, Dean could feel Jack’s eyes still watching. “Do you think he hears me?” Jack said. “When I pray?”
“Fine,” the Empty snaps. “Go to sleep.” Castiel feels the touch of the Empty’s hand on his forehead, and then he is dreaming.
“Fuck you,” Dean says easily, and hangs up the phone over Sam’s delighted laughter.
He’s thinking about what Claire said back in Denver.
It’s strange how right it seems, after he’s flipped that switch it his mind. Like despite speeding down the highway, he’s finally just stopped trying to run. He thinks about what he’ll say to Cas when he sees him, but the words won’t be good enough, the words won’t say what he means. Cas will get it though, when Dean looks at him. He’ll understand, and Dean will kiss him, and they’ll figure this out like they do everything.
It may not always be so easy for him to say it, but that will be alright. Cas does know it now, the same way he knows every other part of Dean Winchester.
Dean never read the book, but he watched the movie with Sam when he’d finished it. Dean never found horror movies all that scary, and this wasn’t like any ghost possession he’d ever seen. But there was something about Jack Torrance that did frighten him, and he could tell that Sam felt it too.
“Thank you,” Dean says. His voice is strained. “I know it ain’t anywhere close to enough, Cas, but thank you.”
The thing that’s difficult about Vegas — no clocks and no windows in the casinos. He’s not totally sure what time Claire said she’d be back, and he’s not totally sure how long he’s been drinking, either.
Castiel doesn’t understand what he did wrong, at the club Dean took him to. Sexual interaction between humans is based on connection and emotional resonance, in his understanding. That is why God created it. He doesn’t understand why the woman was offended by the offer of human connection rather than mindless sexual congress. Certainly the latter occurs frequently, but Castiel can’t imagine it is truly pleasurable.
know what that was like for
Castiel has to admit, his handiwork is impressive. Michael’s intended vessel had been immensely damaged, but Castiel had put him back together. Improved on the state he had died in, even, repairing years of damage and scars and leaving only the handprint to mark his work. He had been very careful with Dean Winchester.
God did not make errors.
Jack nods. “Cas says I have to remember that most kids don’t have the advantage of cosmic knowledge and it isn’t their fault if they know less than me.”
“Don’t make me watch this,” he pleads to the Empty, or to its illusion of Dean. “Not this, please.”
Claire bumps him on the shoulder again. “Your turn’s coming up,” she says.
Dean laughs, because he knows he’ll cry if he doesn’t. “Well, shit,” he says. “End of an era, huh, Sammy?”
But Dean can’t sleep, and it’s not because it’s still light out or because of Claire’s driving — which is, as soon as she hits the highway, like a bat out of hell, but he can tell she knows what she’s doing. She doesn’t glance away from the road, and her confidence is unruffled. It’s certainly not because he can’t sleep in a moving car with his jacket shoved between his neck and the headrest as a pillow. He’s done that a hundred times before.
“Either,” Cas says, “but I prefer green.”
“It’s painful,” he says. “Very painful, generally.”
Dean couldn’t speak, couldn’t make himself say the words. He’d tried so hard not to, the last time he lost Cas, as if not saying it could mean he’d come back.
Oh, that catches Dean off guard — he hasn’t spoken to Jack since he and Cas left the bunker. Not like he’s avoiding it, he just — hasn’t called. He probably should’ve called.
“Probably.” She reaches over and turns up the radio several notches. It’s Paul Simon singing about fifty ways to leave your lover, but Claire stares straight ahead, so Dean doesn’t say anything about it either.
“Yeah.” Claire sits up, a couple of her Reese’s spilling onto the bedspread. “Let’s call him.”
“It’s not a
“Well, we have to,” Sam says, his voice steely. “So Eileen and I are figuring it out. You better figure out what you want to do too.”
She looks almost shy as she says it, not quite looking him in the eye. “Yeah,” Dean says, resting his hand on her shoulder for just a moment as he heads toward the hotel’s front desk. “I think that sounds great.”
And then Dean Winchester puts a hand on his shoulder, and something clicks into place.
“Dean, this could be an illusion,” he says. “A fabrication by the Empty created to, to torment me.”
He leads her out through the house’s little laundry room to the attached garage, and punches the button to lift the door. “Here,” he says, holding the Impala’s keys out to her. “I’m gonna show you how to check the engine and what to look for if something’s not running right. Go ahead and turn her on. You know how to change a flat?”
“That’s cool,” he settles for saying instead.
“So you gonna show me what to do with this car?” she says.
Claire just stares at him, not taking the keys.
Claire has no trouble navigating out of the gas station and pointing the car toward the freeway. “Don’t worry about me,” she says. “You should get some beauty sleep.”
“But,” Dean says, “what if you want to?”
Dean shrugs. “Wasn’t God anymore. Anyway, everything’s back the way it should be. Jack took care of that.” He smiles, looking distant. “Hell of a kid. Just like his dad.”
Typical, he thinks, of a conservation at a bar between two lonely people with nowhere better to be, cutting right to the heart of the matter. “No, not really,” he says. “I mean, I’m not getting divorced.” It’s so non-commital he cringes at himself.
But this life, in this world. Is there room in that for the two of them? For Dean to be the kind of guy who goes home every day to someone he loves, gathers his family around the table for dinner every night? Someone who pulls Cas close by the hips in an ordinary little kitchen, a firefly caught in his hand that he somehow gets to keep, and dances with him across the tile floor, like ordinary people do every day.
“Fine,” he says. “I’ll do it.”
He’d sat with his back to the wall all night, ignoring Sam’s repeated phone calls. He couldn’t make himself move, not even to press the button to listen to the voicemails. He’d cried, at first, but then his body couldn’t do that either. All it could do was hold itself still and pray desperately to someone that couldn’t hear him, someone who was as far away from him as it was possible to be.
In New Mexico they stop off in Roswell, the kind of kitschy tourist destination Dean and Sam never got around to visiting.
here?” he snaps.
There’s an awful silence between them then, and Dean can hear the sounds of footsteps in the hallway, of the ice maker down the hall, of a sharp knock on a nearby door, and he hates it, all of it, wishes for the world to be as quiet and empty as he feels.
Dean feels himself flinch, instinctively, at being asked the question. “There’s nothing
“Cas, look,” Jack says. He’s lisping, around the missing teeth. Cas’ heart aches.
“In the eyes of the angels, I’m no better than Metatron.”
Later, Jack told them about what else he’d done, just with a thought. He’d written Chuck’s Supernatural books out of the timeline, along with the numerous incidents that had landed Sam and Dean’s names and faces on law enforcements’ radar. They now had fully legal documentation and bank accounts, with a decent amount of money in them, too. Jack said he wanted them to be able to do whatever they wanted with the rest of their lives.
No. This isn’t right. Castiel looks around at the other man to find that he is perfectly still and unmoving, and then he abruptly remembers his name: Bobby Singer. It isn’t
Cas believes him, he realizes.
“You know,” Claire says, “it’s ironic or whatever, but Castiel is… a pretty great dad. Whenever he talks to me, he’s talking about Jack, and I can tell he’s just… really proud of him.”
Cas’ fault,” she says. “Like, don’t get me wrong, he made mistakes. But my dad is the one who had a kid and decided he wanted to go off on some divine mission. And my mom is the one who dumped me on someone else’s doorstep so she could go looking for him.”
Dean squeezes his hand tightly. He nods, once. “Okay,” he says. “One more time. Let’s go home.”
“You don’t have to feel that you owe me anything, Dean,” Cas said. “Jack and I, we have to make our own human lives.”
It was surreal in its ordinariness, and Dean wasn’t part of that picture.
They drive back to the hotel’s parking lot in excruciating silence, Claire only moving to pull back her arm occasionally and check how much blood has accumulated on her sleeve. Dean keeps his eyes on the road, unable to think of how he’s supposed to handle this.
“Dean,” Cas says, “I think you need to go to sleep.” He sounds so terribly sad.
“Right,” Dean says, scrubbing a hand over his eyes. “Yeah, I’ll be right there.”
“Oh.” Claire puts another handful of Reese’s Pieces into her mouth and chews them thoughtfully. “That sucks, man.”
By the time they cross the border into Oklahoma — Dean’s road trip route includes swinging through Texas and New Mexico — Dean’s got a missed call from Jody and multiple texts from Sam instructing him to call Jody back.
things, as such. Angels didn’t. But there was a sense of wrongness about it, like an error that needed to be corrected.
He looks at Cas with so much feeling in those eyes, so much sincerity, and it feels like a shock to Cas’ system, to try and process it. He wants nothing more than to throw himself forward and kiss Dean again, wrap himself around him and never let go, but he stands still and wide-eyed, watching. This is not the place for it, not here where they are not safe, where they would be seen.
She raises an eyebrow. “But something like that, right?” she says. “Did you lose someone? I have a sixth sense about these things,” she adds in a knowing way, and he can tell she never really did. Not that anyone does anymore.
Dean sighs. “Claire, I get what you’re saying, but it’s just… it’s a little more complicated than that, okay?”
Dean loves his voice, too, so unlike anyone else’s. “Yeah,” he says. He’s still standing on the doorstep, Cas making no move to let him in. “I was in Vegas, but we decided to cut the trip short, come back a little early.”
“Is it revealed to you?” he asked her. “The plan, or some part of it?”
“Hey,” Dean said softly.
“Yeah,” Dean says. “It’s cool.”
“I think so,” she says. “It’s been good staying with you guys, but I really think I need to get home.” She smiles sheepishly. “I really freaked out Jody, I think. And Kaia.”
Understanding flashes in Dean’s eyes. “I’m not asking you to do that,” he says sharply. “No.”
For the brief time that he’d thought Ben might be his, it had seemed like a chance at some kind of redemption. He wasn’t enough of a fuck-up that he wouldn’t be there for his kid. And after that, when it just seemed like he could step into Lisa’s life and be part of a family and live his life the way Sam would’ve wanted — yeah, it was a good thing to try for, but he couldn’t live up to it.
“What does that mean?”
Later, Castiel would wonder why Anna had never spoken a word of doubt out loud, in the long time they had known each other. She had never sought reassurance, never made any indication she had doubts, until he was told one day by stern-faced Michael that she had fallen, and Castiel was to take her place.
“Right,” Dean said. He shoved his hands in the pockets of his jeans. “I’ll — I mean, Kansas City isn’t that far away.”
“I was always asking my dad if we could go to Disney, when I was a kid. But we never went.” She looks sorry she’s said it, eyes darting from him back to the highway outside the window.
Sam seems pleasantly surprised to hear from him. He tells Dean a little about the work he’s doing with medieval texts on lycanthropy until Dean can’t take anymore of that, and then he talks about how he and Eileen are thinking of taking some time to visit her family in Ireland.
“Where’s Sam?” he says.
Across the plastic tabletop, Sam is talking right now, a stack of newspaper clippings spread out in front of him. Bloody deaths of older men fitting a certain profile. Dean is listening, next to Cas, but Cas can’t focus. Is it always this hard, for humans to stay awake and alert?
“Short-term,” Dean assures him. “Not to worry.”
Well, maybe they got more right than any of them knew. Dean doesn’t like that he has an automatic, defensive reaction to it, even coming from Claire. But she’s young, it’s different for her, he figures.
He can’t stand to hear Cas apologize again, that’s all. Not when Dean’s the one who’s done everything wrong.
Dean cleared his throat, realizing he didn’t really know what he wanted to say. It had been easier in some ways to talk to Jack before, felt closer to being on equal ground. Now — well, the kid was wearing fuzzy socks and a t-shirt with the NASA logo on it that Cas had bought him, even if Dean wasn’t totally sure either Jack or Cas knew what NASA was. He looked so much like a child, younger than Sam had looked at that age, younger than Dean ever remembered being.
“I just want you to know,” he said, “when you said all that stuff about you caring about the world because of me, and all of that. I don’t — I don’t think that’s true, Cas. I think you’re just good, you know? And if I helped with that, that’s great, but — it was you.”
, he’d said,
Castiel opens his eyes and looks at Dean, and he remembers.
She looks over at him, meeting his eyes. “I know,” she says again. “I’m not actually trying to get myself killed.”
“When we found out about Chuck, about the way he was running our lives, I was so fucking scared of that,” Dean starts haltingly. “Because I guess, I always have been, right? Of the idea that I’m not — real. That I’m just whatever people wanted me to be. And then I find out I’m whatever
“Dude, you need some coffee,” Dean says to him. He pushes Cas his own cup, freshly refilled, and Cas just looks at it. After a minute, Dean sighs and rips open two packets of sugar, stirs them into the coffee with a long-suffering look.
“I guess the Winchester line really does end with us, huh,” Dean says. Winchester and Campbell too, the whole sorry lot of them. “I mean, unless Adam has kids. I’m guessing we wouldn’t be invited to the christening.”
“It’s a special group for kids who are smarter than the other kids in our grade,” Jack says matter-of-factly, “but Mindy says we’re not supposed to talk about that.”
Dean can’t help laughing. “Yeah,” he says. “Yeah, I really can’t see that for you.”
She nods seriously. “I mean, if you’re sure,” she says. “You can show me what to do.”
“Would you still want to see it sometime?” Dean says. “I mean — you could. Now.”
He gets what she’s implying, what she assumes. It’s not like she’s the first; Dean doesn’t even think he could count on two hands the number of angels and demons that implied he and Cas were, well, an item. Not to mention some of the Supernatural fanfic that has been, thankfully, wiped from the Internet by divine intervention so he and Sam no longer have the worst imaginable Google results.
It’s not all he wanted. But it is all he can give. To Dean, and to Jack, and they will have to keep each other safe now. He hopes they’ll be grateful enough to do that for him.
“What about you?” the woman says. “You here by yourself?”
Jack’s latest thing was watching  family sitcoms. He still liked his Star Wars, and the cartoon he watched about alien rocks or something, but he’d developed a taste for the old-fashioned. He liked “The Brady Bunch,” “Family Matters,” anything with a laugh track and everyone learning a lesson at the end of the episode. Sometimes Cas would watch with him, but the kid would sit by himself in front of the TV staring at nothing else for hours if nobody intervened.
“He can sleep in the car,” Sam says absently, flipping through his papers. “We’ve still got a long drive to go.”
“So he knows you’re coming?”
He can see Dean thinking about it for a brief moment, and then coming to a conclusion. “So test me,” he says, spreading his arms out like he’s about to embrace the whole world. “I’ll pass.”
“No, hey,” Sam says, slightly panicky, when Dean doesn’t respond. “I didn’t mean —“
, and Dean thinks he must’ve been right about that, because he knows Chuck didn’t write the way he feels right now. Chuck wanted Jack dead and he pretty clearly hated Cas, wanted them both offscreen for the final act, but the four of them didn’t give him that.
Dean sends Sam a message that says
The house is white on the inside, too. Very white — all of the walls, and there isn’t an item of decoration on any of them. There’s a few boxes lined up against the side of the living room that haven’t been unpacked.
No matter, though: Castiel has found a vessel powerful enough for this purpose, a man devoted enough to accept.
When Cas first went looking for her, trying to mend that past harm, Dean didn’t get it. He figured there was nothing good people like them had to offer a teenager. But more than that, he thinks, it didn’t sit right with him to think about what Cas had done as a mistake or something he should apologize for. Cas was only, always, trying to do the right thing. Jimmy was the one who’d made the choice to be an angel’s vessel instead of being there for his kid.
In the gift shop of the museum, they’re surrounded by green aliens with big bug eyes. Dean thumbs through the cutesy keychains. They’ve got aliens of every description, and Dean ends up holding onto one of them, an outline of a spaceship with two aliens waving goodbye, one tall and one smaller, like a parent and child.
Claire’s silent for a moment. “Thanks, Dean,” she says, and then abruptly hangs up the phone.
“Dean, why would you…” He sounds so lost, his eyes searching Dean’s face.
At night, Dean pays for two hotel rooms and tosses Claire the key to one, but she usually stays up with him anyway, scanning through the channels on TV until they find something worth watching. Sometimes she’ll go back to her own room and sometimes she’ll fall asleep on one of the double beds in Dean’s, which always gives him a strange pang in his chest, thinking of Sam as a kid curled up on top of motel room comforters. It means a lot that Claire feels safe with him, even though Dean can tell it has a lot to do with just not wanting to be alone.
“Dean,” Cas just about manages to say.
He watches Cas shake himself a little, like he too had forgotten temporarily they were just standing on opposite sides of a doorway. “Yes, of course,” he says, and steps aside.
“You two keep in touch pretty often?” Dean says around a mouthful of French fries at the diner where they’ve stopped for lunch. He’s starting to suspect that the sodium is having a much more real impact on him now that Chuck isn’t keeping his protagonists in top physical condition, but he’s trying not to think about it too hard.
“Well, Jody’d kill me if I encouraged that.”
“You’re unbelievable,” Sam said. “You know what your deal is, Dean, is that you just want to be miserable. Well, I’m sorry you didn’t get to be a martyr like I’m sure you wanted to. Sorry you have to stick around and figure your shit out like the rest of us.”
He’d thought about going to see a show himself, but where he ended up was at another casino, He played a few hands of poker until he had won more than enough to drink top-shelf whiskey for the rest of the night. Then, on a whim, he started playing the slot machines. His father and Bobby, whose combined knowledge taught Dean everything he needed to know about gambling, both disdained slot machines. They were just a game of chance with no skill involved. But somehow, Dean kept winning until he decided it was time to quit while he was ahead.
