still resonates, spinning in Castiel’s mind as Dean slots their now-bare legs together, eases them into a steady rutting rhythm. Castiel groans. Dean makes a muffled noise against his shoulder. He curls his hands around Castiel’s ass and tightens his fingers possessively.
It feels like they cover a lot of ground that day. Feels like, because it’s hard to say just how much ground there is to cover with no maps to guide them, but the  day drags on in part because the attacks are few and far between. Dean had expected them to get worse, now that Cas is part of their team. But they haven’t. And Dean wonders if Cas maybe hasn’t told him everything, or maybe if they’ve just stepped into a less populous area of Purgatory. Could be either.
“Oh, no,” he says. “I didn’t – they’re Russian bees, I chose them because of the coloring – the website said they were harder to manage, but I didn’t – I didn’t realize.”
But Charlie’s head has not yet begun to spin. It’s not three sentences after the dumbass comic book shop guy assumes Sam and Dean are LARPing – which they are very much NOT doing – that he pulls a book off the shelf as evidence and Charlie finds herself in a pretzel of self-referential writing.
And then there’s Uriel. Who is kind of badass, if you put the emphasis on the “ass” part. And whom Charlie would really like as a character, in a Bellatrix Lestrange kind of way, if she didn’t have the sneaking suspicion he’s not just a character. This is the whole problem with these books. She wants to react to them like she reacts to fiction, and she can’t, quite, because she suspects they’re not. It’s a weird, weird experience.
He eyes strained to focus but he could see that on the dresser near the door, a candle holder and picture laid on its side. Making his way over there he realized he must have been more drunk then he realized for him to knock over items. Turning around, he scanned the room to the best of his ability. Seeing nothing else out of place, he decided to do something about the stench that came from his breath.
The order jarred Castiel from his thoughts, blinking absentmindedly. He slung a heavy leg over his saddle and the noise that came from his armor from the impact drew what eyes were not on the pair from the start of their interaction. Standing straight, Castiel looked straight ahead, avoiding the eyes of the prince. If it wasn’t for the mount beside them, he would be blinded by the sun.
before Dad enrolls you in the beauty pageant next spring, ya know?” Dean retorted, squinting at Sam’s hair.
On top of the individuals head was a well fitted crown adorned with black and green jewels imbedded in the gold. His clothes were just as expensive with leather riding boots, a pair of pants that were a rich indigo and a white tunic. Not a stain could be seen. The clean-shaven face was smiling brightly and his eyes seemed to almost be closed from either the sun or laughing so much. Suddenly, it hit Castiel like a brick. The prince. He had ventured out of the castle.
The morning went by in a blur. Waking before the crack of dawn always made time go by in a surreal fashion. Dean moved in auto pilot as he poured himself a coffee and ate a small breakfast consisting of eggs and almost burnt toast. He was greeted by his father who had already arose at an un-godly hour before Dean. Each man stood in silence not disturbing the still of the morning as the chill was still in the house. Dean could have sworn he had just blinked and then he was in the barn, saddling Ditzy while his father chose Decklan.
“Now don’t be like that Castiel, you know that the king would never get rid of you as long as you can swing a sword. Not a lot of us have that privilege.”
Now focusing on his father, the prince replied simply, “Of course I have. I only thought to let you know of my whereabouts.”
“Your Grace,” Castiel curtsied the best he could and turned his horse away, towards the city limits away from the fields that started to shined. ___________________________________________________________________________
“Nonsense, you aren’t driving in this weather and it’s late enough as it is. Both of you follow me and take these, they were my son’s.”
“You’d help a stranger? In the middle of the night in the middle of nowhere?” The stranger scoffed and ran a hand through his hair.
A figure accentuated by dirty armor and a month worth of facial hair was talking to his father. The Knight’s Commander had beaten him to the castle.
Castiel gained a few disgusted looks which made him realize he had yet gotten cleaned up. Walking through the crowd, he headed towards his chambers in the castle to get clean and hopefully smell something similar to lavender and not a pig.
Opting for a  black tunic and matching trousers, Castiel exited his room to head to the mess hall. He didn’t know how most nobles opted for eating in their rooms.
By the time he had returned to the city, it was almost night and merchants had left the streets in fear of smugglers and thieves. He couldn’t go in the front gates; he would be spotted easily and word would reach the castle quickly. He would need to use the passage the peasants used to enter the market place to try to sell what little they had at a higher price.
Dean had reached the door and leaned against the wall so that he could pull his boots on his feet and grabbing an old baseball cap, he rolled his eyes.
“How much of a fool do you think you are for barging in here unannounced? You of all people should know better.” His words increased in volume as he continued.
Castiel had a dark, long-sleeved button-up shirt that was tucked into his pants which were held into place with a belt, not that he needed it. From the flashing lights, Dean could see a shine coming from Castiel’s hand. Gel? He looked much different than the man he picked up on the side of the road. That person wasn’t who he picked up on the side of the road nor the one in the kitchen that night. The man who was in front of Dean was collected and self-assured. Dean almost could not recognize him in this setting.
Shaking himself from his thoughts, Castiel took Dean’s hand and awkwardly shook it, Dean’s hand large and heavy in his.
Hearing that, Sam let out a scoff. “Won’t be long? You use to curse the idea of having to make that trip, now you’re gearing up for it months in advance. Make it make sense, Dean.”
Everyone either looked at Castiel or the man on the floor while Jimmy made his way out from behind the bar. The music had stopped and the band was annoyed at the lack of attention and the interruption.
“I don’t even know. I can’t feel my legs as of right now.” Dean picked at his food, trying to find some type of appetite.
“Couldn’t sleep,” Dean said with a forced smile. He normally could sleep though most anything but not now. His chest felt heavy but he couldn’t know why. Was it because he hadn’t come home? Was his dad pissed and taking it out on Sammy? Was it the stranger he picked on the side of the road hours ago?
Castiel could tell Dean worked for all of his life from the calloses on his hands and the tan lines that the shirt revealed on his arms. On the other hand, Castiel never had to do a day’s hard work in his life. He was able to float from his parent’s influence out east but here? He might as well have been a nobody.
A knock on the door made Dean look up towards the clock. It was almost 8 a.m. With no response from the prince, another knock sounded from the door and a small voice accompanied it.
Despite pulling as close to the house as he could, Dean had parked a few yards from the house. The ground had started to collect water on the surface causing mud puddles to form.
“With all due respect, Your Grace, please do not talk. Your breath reeks and I do not care for vomit to be on my person.”
Stepping away from the knight, the prince had found his smile and turned back towards to people who watched quizzically. Castiel’s eyes were glued to the ground.
The sun made the smell of the approaching animals grow stronger and burn the inside of Castiel and his company's nostrils. Or to the village folk, the stench could have been from the men who were drenched in sweat from their metallic cages. Iron chest plates, boots, armguards, and leg armor announced their presence to even the deaf it would seem like. Upon their armor was the royal crest. On Castiel's shield was a chevron and outlined in front of it was a wyvern. If there was color to it, the background would be green, the chevron black, and outline of the winged creature red.
A perk his room had that some didn’t have was a smaller room connected to the main room. This room housed a bath, mirror and extra storage.
“Hey, look what the cat drug in! Literally, it looked like you got dragged by one of the wild cats from the mountains.”
Stopping himself from saying something that might get him shot, Dean took his arm off the truck and took a step back. In the back of the truck were suitcases and other luggage.
The long ride back from the southern mountains was never his favorite part of expeditions; it was the scenery. Despite how cliché it was, the sun rises and sun sets were always a sight to behold. Waking up early had become a habitat he had to live with, why not find something to enjoy with it?
“Dear gods,” was all that was said as the prince emptied his stomach in the dark. Just how much did he drink earlier?
Dean walked towards the stairs which lead to the upper levels of the house and his bedroom. As he was passing his brother’s line of vision, Sam offered a shrug, his books now back in front of him. Using the railing of the stairs as leverage, Dean pulled himself up the stairs. The wall was lined with photos that ranged from family members, family dogs-which many had passed- and scenic pictures of the surrounding area. Stopping just near the top, Dean took one of the pictures off the wall and held it in both hands.
Through the rain, lights could be seen emanating from an old farm house. The Johnson’s were one of oldest families that resided within the boundaries of Polson and it showed. As the pair grew closer, the silhouette of the house became larger until they had arrived.
“And this me.” Cas rocked on his heels in front of an identical door a few feet away, unsure if he should go into his room without saying anything to Dean.
The wind has started to pick up and dirt stirred from the ground making small sounds against the metal of the truck.
At the table was Sam’s friends from high school that had never quite made it out of the small town life. Luis Smith was a year younger than Sam and hardly talked about anything other than what game he played or girl he was chasing; he had moved here from Georgia, and his curly hair and chubby face gave him a boyish appearance, as if he was hardly 20. Constance Welch was Sam’s age and was the Salutatorian for her grade, just behind Sam. Long hair and a pleasant face gave her most of her fame in town but she was no doubt one of the best barrel racers, if only she would compete. Lastly, there was Jessica Moore, or Jess, as Sam called her. Dean could see the puppy eye’s from Sam every time they were together.
Still waiting on the knight’s response, Dean dropped his arms and added, “Prince Dean if you are all for formalities.”
The commander had gotten a head start but it wasn’t much. He could catch him, he was a good rider and everyone knew it. The knight would have to first dismiss his company, clean up, write up a report, and report to his father on the day’s excursion. The prince would skip all that and head straight to the commander. Perks of a royal.
Dean saw Castiel’s mouth move to protest but before he could, Dean pulled Castiel back with a “Let’s go.”
happy. In the photo, his father lacked the hard lines around his face and most likely sever liver damage that he had now. The only thing that hadn’t changed from that photo was his mother. She was always full of life and her smile seemed to be a permanent fixture. Looking back now, this image was the only recent image they had of her. Two weeks after, she had passed in a tragic accident from the barn catching fire. Nothing had been the same since then.
The fireplace casted a dark shadow over the king's face, hiding any and all emotion there. Putting his head in his hand the king continued.
“Dear gods, what have you done? You smell as though you slept with a pig most nights. A dead one at that.”
Taken slightly back, Castiel continued. “Of course, not Your Grace. The king does not grant visitation to the city’s outlaying towns by the prince. He never has.”
Standing in front of Dean, he could see how tired Jimmy was. Jimmy’s clothes were wet with sweat around his pits and neckline, when he turned around, his shirt was soaked through. With this many people in the bar, there might as well be no air conditioning.
With the disguise of false confidence and a bright smile, there wasn’t much anyone could do to make him stay, except, well, tell him father. But that was not an issue here. His father was in a meeting that he would be stuck in for the rest of the day. The perfect timing often presents itself in mysterious ways around here.
“Ya know, that land just east of yours just got bought a about a week ago. It was tryna be kept quiet since ya know what happened, before it went up for grabs. Apparently, they’re renovating the place.”
“Yeah, I try not to when it’s like this, though. I like to drink in peace most of the time.”  Dean brought his drink to his lip, the glass cold and wet from the condensation.
Castiel was glad he had a normal doorhandle, no obsidian. Feeling a small smile on his lips, he quickened his pace and pulled out a small key. Inserting the key into the lock hole, he could feel a small click and was able to turn the handle.
The thought of his conversation, if you could call it that, with the prince urged him to get back to the city as quick as possible, if only for the temporary space between them it provided. None of his knights spoke to him nor did he speak to them. The prince’s comment earlier had easily irked them as it irked the commander. Castiel knew the prince was a brat but never did he think he would refer to his missing, and presumed dead, people as business that needed to be finished.
“After both of you get cleaned up, feel free to fix you some coffee in the kitchen. Just don’t be wondering around to much. And don’t go upstairs.”
“Him and Bobby are supposed to go walking the fence line tomorrow. No need for you to work your tail off.” Sam said, that last part as if it was a fact and he looked at Dean for an answer.
“I’m going to make you a millionaire one day when I pay you back.” Dean stood up from his seat and put his hat back on, making sure it was square on his head.
Castiel didn’t say anything for a minute, trying to determine if there was any malice in his words or if there was something else behind them. Before Castiel could say anything Dean continued.
With the simple command, Daniel raised to his feet, curtsied, and left. The king looked at Castiel for a moment and then stood. He walked a few feet in front of Castiel and directed his attention to the rest.
Shocked and confused at the statement, all Castiel could respond with was a, “What?” This earned him a chuckle from the prince.
Dean poured himself a cup of coffee and Castiel watched him do the mundane task with slight curiosity. Castiel had found himself in yet another strange place with another stranger and yet, there was something he couldn’t figure out. The shirt and pants Dean was given obviously didn’t go together as the bottoms were too large,but the shirt was too small, Castiel noted.
“If today is my last night on this world, I give you all my earthly possessions.” Castiel stated as he started to do a run down of all the questions he could be asked.
Surveying the food and drinks that had been brought in, Dean asked the nearest servant, “Does one of these cups hold any tea? Particularly one that may assist in a headache?”
“ If I hear one more ‘Your Grace’ or ‘Your Highness,’ I might just throw you out the window. Granted it’s not a far drop, the rose bushes would still hurt.”
As if almost on cue, lightning streaked across the sky illumination the surroundings revealing the threatening clouds that were hidden by the night.
Dean couldn’t contain his laughter. Castiel looked down at his feet trying to hide his embarrassment, a shy smile on his face.
The king was dressed in his usual attire of a dark tunic tucked into his pants with leather boots. Despite the large fireplace, he wore a dark overcoat that had gold trim all along the edges of the coat. The fabric seemed to be made of velvet with a dark green shoulder cape attached. His features had aged exponentially in the last decade. Wrinkles lined his eyes and his forehead. Gray hairs started to outnumber the dark hair that once was there. Despite this, the king was still taller than Castiel.
The stranger got out of his struck and lowered the tailgate. He had only brought a few suitcases, they could fit in the cab of Dean’s truck with no problem. Helping him, Dean picked one up and made his way to his truck.
Dean hummed in agreement, taking another sip from his coffee. They both stayed there in silence for a few minutes before Castiel finally spoke up.
Leaving the rocky outcrops was a constant worry in the late spring and early winters. The constant rain showers made mud slides common and lost men and supplies even more common. There were no forests in the south here. There were fields upon fields upon fields which abruptly stopped at the mountainous lands. Fields harbored peasants and farmers that worked until night fall and came back to life at the dawn’s wake. They looked like ants from the highest attainable bases on the mountains.
Taking a few deep breathes, he made sure to have picture perfect smile before opening the door. What was inside made his breath almost leave his body.
The chill of the night was welcomed as the warmth of the bar room made it almost uncomfortable in his clothes. His feet ached from his boots that were almost worn to the point of no return and his denim jeans and shirt had reeked of the earlier day’s work but now smelt of cigarettes and sweat. Untucking his shirt, it took all of Dean’s power not to curse at something. There was a noticeable difference between the tucked piece of his shirt and the other half that faced the dust and the wind of the day.
The assortment of men had not seen a bar of soap for almost a month and their thighs were chaffed from the constant riding and exposed skin was burnt and peeling from the sun. The confines of the castle could be suffocating but no one could complain about having a cool shower now.
The king sat in the back of the room on a slightly raised pedestal upon an obsidian throne. Gold trim was fixed to the throne and the reflection given off by the surrounding candles looked as it the chair was moving, shifting under the king. The royal family colors and symbol hung on large tapestries that attached at the top of the walls and hung only a few feet from the ground. A large fireplace sat behind the king which darkened his face and hid almost all emotions. Beside him was a smaller throne that stayed empty. The late queen.
Only a small amount of light made its way inside and illuminated the room. Dusk was about to end and night begin. Instead of giving into sleep, Dean went downstairs to find something to eat. He had only breakfast and nothing else that he could remember. Dean held onto the railing, steadying himself so that he wouldn’t end up crashing towards the bottom of the stairs.
The flashback of the conversation Dean had with Jimmy in the bar came to mind but before he could question anything further, Mrs. Johnson came back, with dry clothes for each of them.
Nothing eventful happened for the rest of the day as Sam and Dean worked around the house and made reparations from the storm that blew through. Just as their father said, he was home before 9, at 8:30 that night exactly. He had nothing to say to the boys. Dinner was quiet and each kept to themselves and their own plates. A slow tune hummed through the radio in the living room, traveling its way to the kitchen and through the dining room.
“Aw, I’m not ‘portant?” The prince tightened his hold on Castiel’s tunic and pressed him harder against the cold stone wall. Was that a pout?
Castiel looked from Dean’s hand to his face, and then back to his hand and back to his face. Dean looked expectedly at Castiel but all he saw was a confused man.
Unsure of what to say or do next, Dean held his lips in a thin line while glancing ever so often at the man he picked up. Castiel’s beige cowboy hat seemed worn to an extent but his clothes were quite the opposite. The pressed jeans and button up shirt looked as though he just bought them if it wasn’t for the small fraying at the seems in the cuffs. Unlike Dean, Castiel’s hands weren’t calloused or scarred. They haven’t seen a day of work it seemed. Dean kept being drawn back to one feature: his eyes. Dean couldn’t understand how someone’s eyes could be so blue. It reminded him of the lake that was fed by the streams leading down from the mountains he used to swim in. He had some of the best, and worst, summers of his life there.
“I must apologize but I must take my leave. It was wonderful seeing the faces of you all and I plan on doing it again, much sooner than later!” The prince was met with laughing faces and joyful responses.
Dean put his mug down and extended his hand to the shocked man. “I think a proper introduction is in order. Dean Winchester, your new neighbor.”
Sam turned around to as if to say something but was interrupted by the sound of a door opening and heavy boots approaching. Dean and Sam exchanged a mutual look and Dean left Sam alone in the office. Entering the kitchen area, Dean saw his father browsing the refrigerator. He settled on a soft drink and turned to face his son, the kitchen counter separating them. His father’s eyes raked down his body with a neutral gaze before starting.
“As much as I would like to, I can’t stay for breakfast. I have to get going. I’m sure my father and brother are worries about me.”
There was a moment of silence between the two as they sat there. Deciding to the break the silence, Castiel turned around in his seat to face the bar floor. It couldn’t seem possible but there were more people entering the building.
Thumbing through the rest of the book, Dean could only make out short phrases and obscure words that didn’t make sense no matter how hard he tried. With what little he got from the book, Dean started thinking about the man from the previous day. He had inherited land from his family members but why now and how did he inherit it? Is the land he spoke of the same land that was mentioned in the book? No date is present in the book but the writing looked aged enough to rise some suspicions. And why is he staying with the Johnsons?
The next time he came to the noisy world, he was in the eastern part of their land, moving the selected cows for pick up by Kent. Kent was a ‘special’ person, as many would say. He would always wear a sickening smile when he was seen in public and always seemed too eager for a pickup. He was older than Dean but younger than his father by quite a few years. Hair slicked back and an all black attire made Kent out to be more of a funeral director than a beef-cattle packaging company.
On one end of the room, the entire wall was composed of a mirror that made dressing in the morning quite easy. And instead of one sink, he had three, all sharing a countertop with a smaller mirror above each one. Closets lined the wall in front of the sinks that housed his sleep wear. He could see himself in the mirror and grimaced.
A stranger from the crowd pulled him to his feet and escorted him out. Everyone’s eyes fell on to Castiel who was still on an adrenaline rush and Dean who still had moved to be beside him, still shocked at the outburst. Jimmy walked over to them and placed on a hand Castiel’s shoulder.
His teeth rattle in his jaw as his chin scrapes against the carpet. And Misha’s on top of him, flopping, heavy and limp. Jensen groans aloud. “You know what, fuck you guys,” he starts, his jaw aching as his mouth moves around the words.
Which leads to Castiel sitting here, shirtless, shivering a little and looking around at the mysterious space. His wings are out, but curled into the center of his back, and he feels small and naked and alone but for the sound of Dean at the sink. He reaches out to the atoms in the walls, to the ground beneath the concrete floor, just to maintain connection to something.
Rule 63 Dean/Cas (my headcanon is that girl!Dean would be Dena) and the prompt: "I just told you I liked you but now I’m shy and say “never mind, forget it” and why are you looking at me like that?"
So she goes back and reads the scene again where Dean and Sam come across an army of slash fans. Because imagining their faces in that scene cracks her up. Oh, if only she had been there to warn them.
“Won’t happen,” Dean says. “And if it does, I know a guy in a Roadhouse upstairs who can help us break through to other heavens. He’s a genius, ya know.”
Anonymous asked you: I know this was a while ago, but if you do Destiel/Now Or Never Kiss, I will love you forever and ever… (not that I don’t already)
A pause. “One sec,” the man says. He brushes a few bees off his mask, and they go flying in erratic clouds that venture too close to Dean for his liking. He backs up several steps. The man follows, and thankfully the bees more or less stay put. This guy is a freaking madman, thinks Dean. Who the hell keeps bees in their backyard? In the suburbs? This isn’t the rural heartland. You have neighbors in a place like this. Dean figures the guy must be some eccentric old dude, or an antisocial nerd who prefers insects to people. He can’t be very good at social graces, considering Dean’s never even seen him and he’s been living there for over a year.
He doesn’t really want to think of it. Of the fact that Castiel used “when” just now. As though he’s already calculated the time and knows Sam won’t be able to complete the spell before the demons break in. But now Castiel is human. Does he still have that processing power? Maybe he’s just being a pessimist. Dean wants to tell him something good, to rev up his fighting spirit, and he doesn’t know how. How in the hell do you cheer up an angel who no longer has his powers? If it were Dean, he’d be depressed as all hell.
Now Charlie finds herself surprised again: here’s a scene from Castiel’s point of view. Carver Edlund very rarely deviates from Sam and Dean’s POV, although he has occasionally given a behind-the-scenes peek at, say, Meg’s phone call home or Bela’s deal to sell the Colt. Oh, and the stupid way he starts every stupid book with the stupid genre-blind victims-of-the-day wandering stupidly to their own doom. Again, this is the problem with reading these books. She wants to scream at them to not go into the empty farmhouse or make out deep in the woods, but if they’re real people, there’s no reason they should be genre-savvy. She’s at an unfortunate advantage.
“You heard me.” Gabriel steps forward then, stands toe to toe with Sam in the little room. “What the hell did you think you were doing with those trials? You know even death isn’t permanent with you two. Did you really think you would close the gates forever? What was gonna happen when some enterprising demon found a way back up topside? Without you even there to kill it. Dad-damnit, Sam! You almost got yourself killed for nothing!”
God, huh? Charlie has trouble believing that. For one thing, angels or no angels, she’s sticking with agnosticism for now. Cause if the angels are gonna be the way they are in these books, she doesn’t much want to believe that their daddy’s around. Guy must be a sunovabitch.
All his thinking is fogged up like the mirrors outside the shower curtain. It’s all clouded, all steamy and languid, like a fever dream. Doesn’t feel like anything’s a big deal.
Aaron looks down for a second and blushes before shaking himself out of it. “Him?” he says, nodding at the golem, who has started humming absently to the tune of the old record playing in the background and doesn’t appear to notice he’s being talked about.
If this is Castiel, the real Castiel, maybe she can get over the idea that he doesn’t know how to act like anything but a complete jerk. Who knows, maybe it’s just how angels tend to behave. They haven’t had a lot of practice talking to people, apparently
Dean’s a mess of cold sweats and white knuckles. The phenomenon puzzles Castiel to no end. He looks down, takes a brief X-ray of the cranks and pulleys that power the machine, and attempts to be comforting. “The structural integrity of the Ferris wheel is sound,” he says. “You would literally have to throw yourself off this cart in order to fall. You’re perfectly safe.”
“For one thing, he doesn’t kill other people. I mean, he’s tried, but it never worked out that he had to, mostly because Scott and I stopped him, but the fact is he’s still pretty much a non-killing type, and I’m talking too much aren’t I?”
“Don’t, don’t be sorry, sit down, have a drink.” Dean’s falling all over himself to get this guy to stay next to him. “I want to hear all about it. That poem, the – the creative process for that must have been off the hook. Tell me.”
“That’s just the thing.” Sam squints; the portal must be searing his eyes. “It’s your life. You get to make the decision.”
But there is no way to prepare for Castiel’s face when Dean’s spread him out, slicked him up (pretend it’s an autopsy, just pretend you’re looking at a dead body, c'mon) and finally slides the plug in. “If you don’t like it it’s no big,” he tells Castiel. “Not everybody does–”
And maybe everything would have been different. Maybe Cas would have been able to see who killed those poor vics, would have told Sam that Benny was innocent.
Misha’s moan fills the air; he arches forward, tries to break free of Jared’s grip, then presses back into it with a sudden bracing of his hips against Jared’s. Jared gasps, and in the moment, Misha slips free, whirling. He’s on Jared in another moment, hands fisting in his shirt, kissing him hard – and then yanking, trying to pull Jared over and throw him to the floor.
“Oh, that’s right!” Dean had forgotten bees make honey. He really is a dumbass sometimes. “So you can what, just reach your hand right in and pull out a bunch of honey?” The thought scares the bejesus out of him, but Cas obviously has nerves of steel.
Castiel takes in a long breath. “Maybe. I had thought I understood that word, better than any other angel. I might need to reassess.”
And mortality, too. There are times Castiel gets quiet, misty, and stares off into space for a long time. Dean finds him, usually sitting on the porch rocking back and forth on the swinging bench they’ve installed (the grandkids love it), looking out into eternity… or as far as his poor human eyes can still see.
“Punch me all you want, it won’t make him wrong,” Sam says. He’s got a beer in his hand. Dean wonders how many that makes. “You’ve spent like 10 years in denial, Dean, why not own up to it?”
Dean beams at him. “You kidding?” he says. “You’re this mature, solid guy who loves his daughter to death and works hard for her. What’s not hot about that?”
“I thank you for your assistance."Castiel continues to walk away. The sound of Samandriel’s shuffling footsteps stops him, and he turns, sees the angel clutching the wall, stumbling forward. His body is limp, but his eyes blaze.
“What do you mean, not that simple?” Dean asks. “It’s your grace, right? I mean, you didn’t make off with some other angel’s…”
you.” Charlie wished she could reach through the screen and whap him. Honestly, so he’s been dead for four months, that does not excuse being braindead now of all times. Unless there was something hypnotizing about those eyes.
“Ah, yes.” Castiel gives a little smile, crooked and cute. Dean tries to keep his heart from doing a backflip in his chest. “They’re a hobby of mine. Something I’ve always wanted to try.”
“What?” Dean almost trips over his own boots. “What’s this me-and-Cas? There is no me-and-Cas. What the hell do you mean?”
But he knows by now that he couldn’t scare away a fly with that face. Sam and Mom laugh. Bobby sniggers and elbows him roughly. “Just kiss already, you’re driving everybody crazy.”
He’ll be able to fall asleep like this, Cas tucked into his arms, the night cool and silent around them. He closes his eyes, strokes slower, hums softer. It’ll occur to him tomorrow to ask how much Benny saw, to start thinking about implications and labels for the thing that’s making him and Cas find solace in each other’s arms and lips and song. For now, it just means rest, and rest is all Dean needs, if they’re going to get out of here alive.
Castiel almost stops him. Another rush of anger jars against his ribs. Dean has no right to say that, not after the last time. But a moment later Dean’s on top of him, easing his pants down and rutting their hips together, and Castiel is too lost in the sensation to ask questions.
There’s no room for this, there’s no time for this, and getting caught by demons with his pants down isn’t in Dean’s top five list of fantasies. But Castiel’s so close, and they’re having such trouble breathing and avoiding each other’s mouths and groins in the tiny space, bumping and rubbing with each uncomfortable shift and gasp for air. So Dean gives up and just seals his mouth over Castiel’s, and suddenly they’re breathing through and into one another, tongues sliding together in long hot tastes as they breathe in the scent of their own sweat and the foreign odors of strangers’ lives.
“Dean, I haven’t touched your mind,” Castiel says with a half-smile. “Honestly, I have no idea what happened. But you’re here and alone and upset, so I’m making an educated guess. Am I wrong?”
In the meantime, the gates to hell are still open. Kevin has found one more trial, but Sam has yet to undergo it. For one thing, they’re having trouble getting spell ingredients without a continent-skipping angel on their side. For another, they still have Death’s warning ringing in their ears – try to bind me again, and you’ll be dead before you start. So instead of summoning the guy directly, they’re trying to get a reaper to extend the invitation. They’re still not sure what they’ll say to him once he actually arrives.
“I don’t mean to alarm you,” Castiel says, maybe seeing the panic in Dean’s eyes. “I know you’re not comfortable expressing feelings–”
What he likes, apparently, is to talk. “Astronomy can be very, very interesting, Dean,” he lectures between biting nips at Dean’s collarbone.
“C'mere,” Dean mutters under his breath, and reaches out to drag Castiel in by the nape of his neck. Castiel’s head tucks into Dean’s shoulder, his hands sliding up Dean’s back to rest on his shoulder blades. Dean thumps his back with one broad palm, then eases up and steps back, expecting to feel at least a little satisfied.
And then you had to turn to me and ask me if I’d do it any different, and I shouldn’t have waited, I shoulda told you yes, maybe it would have stopped you.
He sits up, yawns, rolls his neck forward to crack it. Benny’s sitting against a nearby tree, and at the noise, he tilts his head and says, in his usual lazy drawl, “You slept like the dead, brother.”
“Because we’ve all had to watch you pining for so long.” Oh, god damn it, there’s Mom right behind him, with the same knowing look in her eyes.
That’s what it’ll be, before he even says hello. Cas’s voice, low and weak, like gravel seeping into his ear.
The room becomes a carousel, all dancing lights and baubles of color, and Castiel’s jaw drops. Lips parted, cheeks still flushed with the just-broken fever, he looks up and around, eyes bright like a child’s. He doesn’t say a word, doesn’t thank Dean or compliment his work. He just stares, mute, and satisfaction rolls through Dean. Yeah. That’s the look he was waiting for, the whole time he was setting everything up. That’s what he wanted to give Castiel. That wonder.
Castiel takes in a soft breath, and she speaks low and clear. “I love you. I really thought you knew,” she adds, perplexed.
And maybe he is. Maybe this is just him fulfilling his body’s wants, pistoning in and out of Dean until he’s satisfied. And if that’s what it is, it doesn’t matter to Dean. He knows wanting, he knows the drive to conquer and to fuck. He can’t blame Cas for that, and he fucking loves that it’s him that drove Cas to it.
Castiel lingers under the mistletoe and watches, and Dean finds himself hoping Cas is still there when he’s done. One mistletoe kiss never seems to be enough.
A rush of muscle and limbs and clothing, and Dean’s on the bed, Castiel kneeling over him, trenchcoat gone, fingers fumbling at his necktie. Dean watches, his hands still folded over his head where Castiel had pinned them a minute ago. He doesn’t move until Castiel seeks out his gaze and commands, “Help.” Then, Dean gets to work undoing Castiel’s buttons, his fingers fast and purposeful. When Castiel’s bare chest flattens over his own, they both groan.
“Stay still,” Castiel murmurs, and steps closer. Dean closes his eyes. He breathes through his nose and tries to steel himself for the inevitable. And still it doesn’t escape his notice that at this distance, Castiel smells honey-sweet.
And that feels like relief. But also like fire. It sweeps Dean up in a blaze of warmth, and he catches Castiel’s mouth more firmly under his own. Cas sucks in a breath; Dean can feel the whooshing of air against his skin.
"Gabe," Cas says, surprised. "I had no idea you were doing so well. You mean to tell me that your filthy, disgusting habit is actually making steady money?"
The bird squawks and skitters about on a patch of dry leaves. Dean comes closer and sees the shine of black glossy feathers. It’s not just any bird. It’s a raven, and there’s a loop of leather twisted around its wings.
“Pretty sure you caused me inconvenience the second you fell on my roof,” Dean mutters, and starts helping Jack make the bed. “Tuck the corners in, buddy. Yeah, like that. Good job.”
Jack whimpers, but Cas rocks the bassinet back and forth, humming some tune Dean doesn't recognize. Eventually the infant's eyes flutter shut, his forehead smoothes out, and he starts making the cute snuffling noises that mean he's finally asleep.
"So," Meg says, leaning up against the desk. "You gonna tell me the real reason Dean Winchester is calling you on your
"If being mistaken for a gay man offends you so much," Cas says tightly, "then maybe you shouldn't come to appointments anymore."
Dean pauses and points the scrub brush at Castiel. “Only a true badass can handle two baby poop explosions in one night without breaking a sweat. That’s all I’m saying.”
"No one," he mumbles, speaking more to Cas' chest than to his face, because this is embarrassing and he kind of wants to sink into the floor, "no one's
No one's heard anything from Luke, which doesn't surprise Dean at all. After Mom leaves, Sam sits the three of them down and explains that he's been in contact with one of his law professors over break.
Cas yanks him forward. The look of pure lust in his eyes sends hot shivers through Dean's body. "Deal," he says, and with a loud
“Family friend.” Dean grins. “And she loves babies. She’s gonna go nuts when she finds out Sam and I got her one for Christmas.”
"Why? Are you embarrassed?" That wicked grin is back on Cas' face as he stares into Dean's eyes. "You don't like it when I tell you how goddamn sexy you are? How you're the most beautiful man I've ever seen in my life? How much I've wanted to feel your body, hold you, kiss you?"
“Dude, don’t worry about it,” Dean says. “She only lives forty-five minutes away, it’s not like we’re driving cross-country to see her. She’ll understand, I promise. And you guys
"Look at this!" Dean exclaims, showing Jack his phone. "You're famous, buddy! They wrote about you in the paper. We should print it out and get it framed."
It's surprisingly easy to get past security as Castiel. Dean spun some bull about having to deliver an important presentation to senior staff and the guards let him right in. Now he's walking down the hallway towards the hangar, ignoring any strange looks he gets from passing hunters.
Cas looks ready to bolt, and Dean’s starting to get pissed off. This isn’t cool. It’s not okay. They don’t even know Cas. All they see is a random hot guy who’s good for one night of fun. Scowling, Dean pulls out his wallet and thumbs through it. Only a few wrinkled ones and some change. Damn it. He starts going through the rest of his pockets as the bidding continues, mostly between Jo and another girl Meg, who’s looking at Cas like she wants to eat him alive.
Castiel glares at him. "Perhaps while you're waiting," he says, "you could track down the last book you borrowed from me and return it."
“Good.” Dean uncurls his fists, cheeks still flaming. “You better be in this exact spot when I get back.” He stomps out into the hallway and shoves his feet into his boots.
He cups his balls, massaging gently, and Dean whimpers. It shouldn't turn him on so much, watching Cas fondle his cock like this. But it does. Knowing that his body is completely under Cas' control, to use however he pleases… It's the hottest thing Dean's ever experienced.
Dean makes a face. “Okay first of all, don’t say the word ovaries ever again. Second of all, I am not in
"You look so good, pretty boy," he says. "So good with my big cock splitting you open. You like taking it up the ass, don't you?"
"No," Cas answers. "And I'm happier for it. It's exhausting, pretending to be something you aren't. I'm glad I got away."
"We should…" Dean trails off, wondering how the fuck you move on from something like this. "We should burn the bodies."
As if sensing that he's being followed, the boy starts walking faster. Castiel sees his hand slip out of his pocket and drift toward the waistband of his jeans. Probably going for a weapon. Castiel almost smiles. Hunters always think that a few silver bullets, rock salt, and a bottle of holy water are enough to make them invincible.
"Very good," Castiel praises, pressing a kiss to Dean's calf. "Just relax. Open for me. That's it." He eases his finger inside bit by bit, marveling at how easily Dean's body yields to him. He fits all of one finger inside and swirls it around, watching Dean's mouth go slack.
He washes his face and under his arms, which makes him feel a little better. When he shuts the water off, he suddenly realizes that it’s quiet. Jack has stopped crying.
“Dean,” Cas says, his voice wavering. “This is…” He gestures helplessly around the room. “There are curtains. You put up
Cas’ throat feels tight and his eyes are filling up. It’s too much. How can Dean do this? How can he be so incredibly trusting and kind?
"Dude, it's me. Open up." It's bizarre hearing his own voice answer him, especially in such a casual tone. Castiel is positive that he's never used the word
a little surprised that it's for Santa Muerte. Dean's no expert, but he does know that people typically ask Saint Death for protection against violence and witchcraft. He stares at the little skeleton clad in a white robe, black candles and prayer beads surrounding her. What does Manuel need protection from?
Dean sinks up and down once, twice, three times, then lets out a sharp, almost startled cry. His whole body seizes up and suddenly he's coming like a fucking fountain, spurting all over Castiel's stomach and chest, asshole clenching and throbbing around Castiel's cock.
"Guess so." Dean's grin fades. "Got a call from my dad before you woke up. He wants me to come in so we can 'talk.'" He puts air quotes around the last word.
“My apologies.” Cas takes a step back. “I was just going to ask if you could bring back some cheeseburgers, too. I’m hungrier than I thought.”
This Castiel dude is pretty intense. He keeps looking at Dean like he's a particularly succulent piece of meat, which makes Dean equal parts pissed off and turned on. But he also seems genuinely invested in catching this fucker, so Dean's not going to look a gift hunter in the mouth.
Their breaths mingle together, lips brushing lightly as they massage Cas' (Dean's) cock and balls, picking up speed as they near the point of no return. Somewhere in the messy tangle of wrists and hands and fingers, Cas finds Dean's dick and starts to jerk him off too. It's even better that way, because Cas knows
Still, it's hard not to think about what it would be like to kiss Cas, put an arm around him, or tell him how cute he looks. Dean doesn't let himself imagine much more than that. It feels wrong, somehow, having sexual fantasies about Cas without his knowledge or permission. Logically Dean knows that's dumb— he fantasizes about other people he knows in real life and never feels weird about it— but Cas is different. Maybe because he seems so innocent. Dean isn’t sure if Cas has ever had a romantic relationship before, but not once has he talked about dating or boyfriends or sex, so either he's just super private about that stuff, or he hasn't experienced it yet. Dean doesn't care one way or the other, as long as
"Yeah, yeah," Dean says, trying not to pout as he stands up and takes Jack out of the swing. "But you better come back soon. I want my turn."
Zachariah slams his fist down on the desk, his jowly face rigid with anger. “I have a meeting in eighteen minutes. If you haven’t given me Castiel’s location by then, I’ll file an official complaint with management.”
Standing up to two Winchesters is too much for Cas’ sleep-deprived brain. “Fine,” he says grudgingly. "I'll let someone else help."
It's Gabe's turn to roll his eyes. "As much as I like to maintain my image as an immature and irresponsible playboy, Samuel, I
Castiel cocks his head. “Well,” he says, that faint smile still on his lips, “I did look rather different at the time.”
happen is that Cas gives him another kiss, and then another, and another, until Dean somehow winds up pressed against the wall, gasping into Cas’ mouth.
“Cool.” Dean reluctantly slips out of the room and goes to check on Sam, who’s studying in the kitchen.
Cas’ mouth, licking and sucking and nipping at those gorgeous lips, and Cas is letting out these quiet little moans that light Dean up from the inside out. He slides his hands down Cas’ back, caressing him through layers of clothing, wishing it wasn’t so damn cold and he could undress them both right here.
What follows is one of the weirdest fights Dean's ever experienced. Castiel dropped the flashlight when the wolves attacked, so there's a crazy strobe effect going on as the yellowish beam flickers wildly, four pairs of feet kicking it every which way. The narrow, hollow space they're in amplifies every sound tenfold, so it sounds like they're fighting twenty wolves instead of two. Dean's gun gets knocked out of his hand at some point— not that it would do any good at such close range— and he's now desperately trying to reach the silver knife that's stashed inside his jacket, which is hard to do since one of the werewolves has him pinned against the hard cement wall, its breath steaming hot and foul against his face.
He feels a pang of sadness as he remembers his big plans for winter break. He was going to ask Cas out, take him on a date (assuming Cas said yes, obviously), hold his hand, maybe get to kiss him. If the first date went well, they might have had a second one, and then a third. Hell, they might even be in a relationship by now if Jack hadn't come into their lives. Not that Dean resents Jack or anything. He's a good kid and Dean loves taking care of him. It just would have been nice to have more time, but it's too late now. He and Cas are friends and that's probably all they'll ever be.
Castiel has seen many beautiful things in this world, but nothing compares to Dean’s bright green eyes. His heart starts fluttering madly and he feels warm all over as the human—
“I don’t believe in God's grand design either," he says. "I believe in what I see in front of me. And what I see is a guy who went out of his way to save me, when he didn't have to."
“It’s all right,” Castiel says, and of course he sounds more gorgeous too, all deep and raspy with sleep. Dean is
"Si." Dean sits back on the barstool and watches him pour another shot. "Do you own this bar?" he asks after a pause, hoping the guy won't mind if he switches to English. He doesn't know enough Spanish to ask all the questions he needs to. Maybe one day.
“Cas!” Dean calls. “Cas, where are you?” He comes into the kitchen and beams as he catches sight of them. “Whatcha doin’ in here? Mom wants to say hi to you guys!”
Life’s been hard since Lisa died. Sometimes really hard. Dean’s doing the best he can, but he worries it’s not enough, that Jack and Ben aren’t getting enough of his time, his attention, his love. It’s an old fear, brought on by memories of his own childhood, when his mom died and his dad coped by hitting the bottle and distancing himself from everyone, especially his sons. Deep down, Dean’s afraid he’s going to make the same mistakes, even though Sam and Bobby and the rest constantly reassure him that’s never going to happen.
“And what happened to that whole thing about how ‘I’m in this one hundred percent’ and ‘I’m not going anywhere’ and ‘I’m your backup, day and night’? Was that all bullshit or did you really mean what you said?”
the raven all the way home. He bites his lip, not sure what to do. Finally he decides that the raven is more important right now. He can always come back and get the sticks later.
“English,” Dean repeats, then snorts. “It’s so weird. Like, why do they teach English to people who already speak English?”
They reach the row of faculty offices on the first floor. The door to 106 is open, and Dean's heart leaps when he sees his husband sitting at his desk, laptop open, papers spread out everywhere, reading glasses nearly slipping off his nose. Cas shares a tiny office with two other grad students, but he's still managed to stake out his own space with a spider plant and a framed photograph of himself, Jack, and Dean all crammed together in an armchair, laughing uproariously at some long-forgotten joke. Cas' tie is on backwards again, and there's an uneaten sandwich next to his elbow. Still such a scatterbrain, Dean thinks fondly.
He grins and resumes ripping Dean's shirt until it's in two pieces and lying on the floor beside the bed. Then he sits back on his heels and stares at Dean's upper body, licking his lips. Dean tries to think of a quip to break the tension, but his brain is completely blank as he stares into those hypnotic blue eyes.
"Sinful," Cas murmurs, caressing Dean's ribs, making him shiver. "Absolutely sinful. Take off your jeans, sweet boy."
going to be your Lois Lane," Dean snaps, sliding his arms around Cas' neck. "And I don't like flying."
Cas' hand stills. "Then maybe you should stop trying," he says, and the words tear at something deep in Dean's soul. "Be who
“Whoa, hey!” Cas hears the sound of feet thumping down wooden steps. A second later, Dean is standing on the sidewalk next to him, still grinning.
with him, you dick. And if you say one word, I’ll tell Jessica Moore that you doodled her name in your notebooks all semester.”
Cas sinks down on the hard wooden floorboards, leans against the closed nursery door, and the tears he’s been holding back all morning— no, really all semester— start to rush out. He buries his head on his knees and sobs. He cries for Jack, so little and helpless and unable to tell him what’s wrong. He cries for Jack’s mom, who didn’t deserve to die and should have been able to raise her son. He cries for Luke, because as angry as he is with his brother, he’s still Cas’ brother and he loves him. He cries for himself, for what a stupid idiot he was for thinking he could do this and still somehow do well in school at the same time. And he cries for a bunch of reasons he can’t even articulate.
Like all creatures who live in the human world, Castiel understands the supernatural order of things, and its first, most important rule is
"You better answer that," Cole Trenton says through gritted teeth, nodding at the phone in Cas' hand. "I don't know how much longer I can hold him."
past the point where they should have let go of each other. Shit. He pulls away quickly and then immediately misses Dean's warmth. "Thank you," he says, feeling his face heat up. "Please thank the guys for me."
“Yeah, well.” He swallows again. Why is this so hard? “I just… you’ve got a lot going on. I don’t know what’s gonna happen with the whole Luke situation, but I’m assuming you’re gonna be involved in Jack’s life a lot from now on, no matter what. You’re family. Family needs to stick together. And I’m not that. I’m just a friend, I don’t really belong in Jack’s life. Not this way. I’m not his dad. You are.”
Cas shakes his head slowly. “I used to think I wanted those things,” he says. “And maybe I still do, but… these past few months, taking care of Jack with— with everyone, it’s made me rethink some of my ambitions.”
"I am," Cas says, laughing a little. "This is… this is the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me. I'm overwhelmed, honestly.”
what he's doing to Dean right now, knows exactly what kinds of filthy ideas are running through his head.
"I want—" He stops, swallows, trying to claw his way out of the hazy fog. "I want you up here, with me. Wanna watch you touch yourself."
He holds a hand up, his expression serious. “Not in a gay way, don’t worry. I just mean you’re cute, like, you know. A person.”
Castiel considers. The day before yesterday, he would have been appalled at the idea of leaving HunterCorps. Now that he's met the man who owns it, returning to work seems far less appealing.
“You don’t have to dance,” Dean says. “You can just sit in the corner and make fun of me and Charlie.” He grins. “She’s a
"Well, you'd better fix that," Sam says with a chuckle. "I don't want to be in a confined space with an uncaffeinated Dean. That's more dangerous than any hunt."
There's a sudden burst of hysterical laughter. Dean turns around to see Cas, still sitting on the couch with Jack cradled in his arms, literally shaking with mirth.
should go fuck yourself, bro,” Ash replies seriously. “Stick a finger up there and make sure you don’t have ass cancer.”
"Thank fuck." Dean blows out a huge breath of air and wipes his eyes. "I really didn’t feel like getting dumped tonight."
“Yeah, and she’s getting drool all over you.” Dean reaches forward and snags a napkin off the table. Without thinking, he takes hold of Cas’ wrist and wipes it off. “Yuck,” he tells Mary. “You’re gross, you know that? Soggy baby.”
,” Dean insists. The tips of his ears are getting uncomfortably hot. “He’s just a guy. That I met. A friend. Well, not really a friend
So he goes to class, does his homework, gets drunk at a couple parties, lather, rinse, repeat. He goes down to visit Dad and Sam one weekend and they do all the usual shit— fire up the grill, watch the game, talk about Sam's college applications, what's been going on with Bobby, Dean's plans after graduation. Everything except what really matters.
blushed like a damn schoolgirl. With an effort, he shakes off the feeling. He's here to do a job, not eye-fuck strangers. No matter how hot they are.
Emotion wells up in Dean’s chest. He wants nothing more than to wrap Bobby in a hug, but he also doesn’t feel like getting punched in the jaw, so he just mutters a thank-you and tucks the envelope into his pocket, resolving that next year,
"Perfect." Dean slides his hands down Cas' back and hooks his thumbs into the waistband of his pajama pants. "Okay if I pull these down?"
smitten.” Charlie’s full-on smirking now. “I mean, I get it. He’s dreamy. If I swung that way, I’d definitely hit that.”
of stuff. He can’t stop thinking about broad shoulders, delicious tanned skin, firm biceps, big strong hands... and those wings. He
It seems to go on forever, wave after wave, and Castiel never wants it to end, but of course it does. At last Dean collapses on top of him, panting, and immediately buries his face in Castiel's neck.
"Okay," Cas says, turning off the ignition and turning to face him. Thank God he changed out of that ridiculous three-piece and into something more work-appropriate. Dean's still a little stunned that Cas hasn't ever worn a suit like that before. Does he just not own any? That seems unlikely. Maybe he doesn't have enough money to afford a decent wardrobe? Does HunterCorps not pay him enough? Dean makes a mental note to check on that later. It wouldn't be the first time his father has screwed over employees in order to cut corners.
True to his word, Cas is wearing a pair of red panties— the low-waisted ones with lace along the sides. His hands are splayed over his thighs, thumbs and forefingers pressed together, forming a triangle around the hard bulge of his dick.
“Are you leading a spin class for infants now?” Evidently Cas has returned from his  bathroom break.
Neither of them see Manuel, standing at the back door of his cantina and watching Cas' black, skeletal wings beat the air. He watches Cas and Dean rise swiftly into the sky, holding his rosary beads to his chest. He watches until they become nothing but a dark speck against the clouds. When the speck finally disappears, he makes the sign of the cross.
"Yeah." Dean's mouth falls slightly open as Cas tugs on the hem of his panties, exposing more of his hard cock. "Looks so good. Wish I could feel it."
The ambulance arrives in less than three minutes. The EMTs are calm and efficient, even with their extremely ornery patient. Dean keeps grumbling and growling insults under his breath, but he allows the EMTs to help him into the back of the ambulance. They give Cas directions to the hospital, then leave as quickly as they arrived.
"I did my time," Cas growls. "A thousand years of it, in fact. So I think I'm entitled to a little peace and quiet. Now fuck off, or there will be consequences."
Another pause, longer this time. "Yeah, of course," Dean says, sounding perplexed. "Why wouldn't I be?"
Barely two minutes after the sound of Baby's engine fades away, Cas hears the front door open and shut. Assuming it's one of the guys arriving back early, he doesn't bother getting up from the couch.
"Whatever." Dean picks up Jack's car seat with his non-injured hand. "Let's go. I gotta get a prescription downstairs, and then we can get outta here."
Every person in the room other than Cole raises a hand. Cole stares at Cesar, mouth still opening and closing like a fish.
A thin ribbon of that delectable scent flickers past his nose. The boy is nearby, maybe twenty yards away.
Yeah, things are going great. The only problem is that Dean's sex drive is now through the fucking roof. With everything that's been going on, he's mostly too busy or tired to even think about sex, but now that he's spending so much time with Cas, it's getting harder (heh) to ignore the urge.
Eventually you’re not gonna need me. Jack deserves better than some random guy you just happen to live with.”
This was a terrible idea, Cas decides. He shakes his head. “Nothing,” he mumbles. “Sorry to bother you.” He starts walking away.
The sound Cas makes in response is fucking beautiful— a long, low moan that sounds very similiar to Dean's name. His cock is hard and hot and fits perfectly in Dean's hand, and Dean's torn between wanting to watch it slide in and out of his fist and wanting to see the expression on Cas' face. He finally settles on watching Cas, because Cas is absolutely
in that deep voice sends Dean’s libido through the roof. He arches his back, pushing against the warm, heavy weight on top of him, while at the same time pressing down against Cas’ asscheeks, wanting more pressure, more friction, just more, more, more—
Sam sighs, long and heavy. "I'm just glad you're okay," he says, patting Castiel's shoulder. "Come on, let's get back to the jet and let the cleanup crew do their jobs, all right?"
Dean's jaw drops and heat floods his cheeks. "You—" he splutters, instinctively looking around to make sure no one's eavesdropping, even though they're in a parked car with the windows rolled up. "You
"Sure." Castiel doesn't trust himself to say anything more. He tried to read the specs, but they were filled with so much jargon and technical terminology it might as well have been gibberish. He has no idea how he's going to survive. He doesn't even know what they're fighting, exactly. He heard one of the hunters mention something about bloodsuckers, so he assumes it's vampires, but other than that, he has no clue. And Sam looks at him oddly every time he asks a question, so he's stopped trying.
And is greeted with the utterly beautiful sight of Dean Winchester’s head between his legs, bobbing up and down as he deep-throats Castiel with the skill and precision of an Olympic athlete.
Dean strides back to the front desk. A red-faced hunter Dean doesn't recognize (probably from a lower level team) is bellowing at Meg about some sigil failure in the field.
“Waistcoat,” Dean echoes, then snorts again. “It’s like a coat. For your waist.” He seems to find this very funny. Cas doesn’t really understand why, but it’s hard to understand people when they’re drunk. The last time Gabriel got wasted, he kept saying the phrase “I am onion” over and over again. They still haven’t figured out what he meant.
“Sorry, kiddos,” Gabriel says. “Most angels can’t be away from Heaven that long. Messes with their mojo. I mean,
He pulls away, just enough so he’s no longer squishing Jack, cradles Cas’ face in both hands, and wipes his tears away with his thumbs.
Dean moves further back into the stacks of books, not really paying attention to what he's dusting, until he knocks an object off the shelf. It lands with a soft plop near his foot, and Dean instantly goes still when he recognizes the familiar shape.
Dean climbs onto the mattress and leans against the headboard, heart pounding. "Gonna put on a little show for me, Cas?" he says, trying to sound flirty, but the words come out high and breathless.
more jacked than he has any right to be. Who knew the world's dorkiest librarian was hiding so much muscle under his frumpy clothes? Not to mention all those tattoos on his arms, shoulders, chest, and… oh dear God, are those
“Castiel!” Jo shouts, appearing out of nowhere and seizing Cas by the arm. “Get on up there, mystery man! I got fifty bucks that says you’re mine.”
Dean nods frantically, bucking his hips up and down. Castiel suspects he's starting to go nonverbal at this point, and reminds himself to watch for signs of genuine distress. Dean is his good boy. Castiel won't let anything bad happen to him.
Charlie deepens her voice to sound like Dean. “Hey, uh, Cas, you wanna maybe, uh… like, live together and take my kids to the park and wear my clothes? You know, because you’re just a dude that I know.”
Dean gestures down at himself, and for the first time Cas realizes he’s wearing a football jersey. “I got practice in a few minutes.”
Dean steps into the pipe, his feet crunching on gravel and sticks and probably way more disgusting stuff.
"I honestly don't know." Cas rubs a hand up and down Dean's back, slow and soothing. "I feel like we shared quite a lot of truths tonight."
"So do you." Cas is rubbing his palm over his own cock, and Dean can see the head peeking out over the waistband, red and glistening with precome. "God, Dean, you don't know what you do to me."
"I need to clean up," Cas says, pulling his pants back on and making a face at the stickiness. "Can you feed him and check his diaper?"
"Will do." Dean watches Cas shuffle out of the room, a wave of affection washing over him. And with it, a reckless sort of courage.
He knows it's the right decision when Cas gives him a radiant smile. "I think so, too." And with that pronouncement, he grabs Dean's hand and leads him downstairs.
Ben is swiping through photos on the family tablet  (“That’s my dad when he was little! He catched a big fish! I went fishing with Grandpa Bobby this summer but I didn’t catch anything. Do you like fishing?”) Jack is showing him the sugar cookies they decorated last night, and while Castiel might be a little weird and awkward, he must also have nerves of steel, because he manages to bite into a cookie coated in three inches of frosting without making a face. He just chews thoughtfully and swallows, then takes a big gulp of coffee when Jack looks away.
“What about your life?” he croaks, the words sounding feeble even to his own ears. “What if you have a family waiting for you somewhere?”
“Um.” Dean licks his lips. “Well, I've been thinking. Uh... things haven’t exactly gone according to plan this year, have they?” He laughs nervously. “I mean, don’t get me wrong. It’s been super fun, and it’s been awesome helping you out. Jack is great, and you’re— you’re great, and… yeah, everything’s been really good.”
Cas dislikes all sports, but he especially hates football. It’s a brutal game where the main goal seems to be smashing into one another, and it often results in traumatic brain injury. He doesn’t understand why anyone would want to watch football, let alone play it.
Castiel raises an eyebrow at him. "You could tell how many rows of teeth it had, but it was too dark to see a tail?"
His second mistake is not immediately reaching for his phone once he sees who's standing in the doorway. He's so shocked that it takes a moment to fully recognize the man in front of him.
Everything feels so good that it almost hurts, and Dean doesn't want it to end, doesn't want Cas to pull away. There are words trying to claw their way out of his throat, words like
4:31 PM: Castiel shuts down the ancient computer system, which really ought to be housed in the Hall of Crap That Hasn't Been Updated Since 1997. His back aches from hunching all day and he's looking forward to going home, cracking open a beer, and eating something with lots of melted cheese and bacon.
Castiel has never visited the top floor of HunterCorps HQ, but he's not surprised to see it's just as fancy as he imagined. Everything is polished, spotless, almost clinical. Definitely the public face of the company.
“Not today.” Dean looks at the batter-crusted mixing bowls, globs of frosting, spilled flour, and burnt baking pans, and holds back a groan. He’s so tired of cleaning up messes. “Eat some real food and then you can go play. Deal?”
One of the best things about his bedroom is the full-length mirror that someone (probably a former tenant) installed on the wall. When Dean moved in, he immediately arranged his bed so it would face the mirror. Now when he lies down and props his head up with a couple of pillows, he can see
"I don't know," Dean says, shrugging off the question like it's an itchy sweater. "Why does Superman keep coming back to save the world?"
Dean closes his eyes and reminds himself that fratricide is generally frowned upon by most human beings. “Cheeseburgers,” he repeats. “Got it. Anything else?”
“I’m serious, Dean. I know I’ve been awful to you sometimes, but… I can’t really imagine you not being here. I don’t
Cas is looking down at him, his expression almost fond. "Your entire panty collection probably costs more than my year's salary, Dean. You're spoiled."
“Well, he is my half-brother.” Cas spots his phone sitting in a patch of leaves and picks it up. Thankfully the screen isn’t cracked.
“An angel is missing,” Zachariah hisses, leaning forward. “An angel who is currently on trial for disobeying orders. Do you understand how
"Si," the bartender answers, puffing out his chest. "I bought it three years ago. Mi esposa, she said, 'Manuel, you're crazy, nobody gonna come to a little cantina when there's that big club down the street.' But I make good money. People come here if they want a quiet place to relax, you know?"
a few thongs and G-strings. Does Dean wear panties every day? Is it a fetish or merely a fashion choice? Whatever the reason, Castiel is
The tightness in Cas' chest eases and he lets out a strangled sob. "I want that too, Dean," he whispers. "I want all of it. I know we're too young and we don't know what the hell we're doing, but
A pause. Dean raises his eyebrows. "Not our fault you went off grid for the entire break," he says, keeping his voice calm.
“Then I will, too.” He sits up, the covers falling off him, and oh God, he’s wearing Dean’s shirt and it’s
Because he had to find ones that were comfortable. He tried them on and looked at them and felt them against his skin. And he handled Dean's dick and balls while doing it. Sweet Jesus.
Dean spends way more than twenty minutes at Kwik Trip trying to stop himself from freaking out. So Sam knows. No big deal. As much of a shit as Sam can be, he would never intentionally out him. He knows how important Dean’s football scholarship is, and he knows that some of the guys (well, really just Cole) would definitely not be cool with having a queer teammate. But what if Sam slips up? Worse, what if he accidentally lets something slip to Cas? That’s going to fuck with Dean’s whole game plan. Shit. He cannot let Cas know about this. He needs to have a good long talk with Sam about rules, and boundaries, and not making stupid jokes about Dean being hungry for—
He pulls a few branches aside and shines the beam down into the bushes. Their rooftop visitor is sprawled against the side of the house, wrapped in a tangle of blinking bulbs, eyes closed. He looks around thirty-five or forty with dark hair and stubble, and he’s wearing a suit and tie underneath his trenchcoat. He’s dressed like an
They stare at each other for a while. Eventually Cas squirms forward, closing the gap. "Should we cuddle?"
He fades in and out of consciousness, but every time he wakes the deep voice and gentle hands are there, helping him drink, wiping his forehead. The urge to see the face of his rescuer grows stronger. Despite having no idea what it looks like, Dean feels oddly reassured by its presence. A sense of warmth and safety radiates through him whenever it draws near, and for reasons he can’t explain, Dean trusts the feeling.
She squeezes his shoulders gently, then lets him go. “I want regular updates,” she tells Dean as she opens the front door. “And you
"It's not fair," Dean groans. He's lying flat on the floor, clutching his head to try and stop the room from spinning. "Why do I have to be stuck in the body of a lightweight?"
“You’re not,” Cas insists. “I’ve never thought that. Even before Jack, I've enjoyed having you as a friend. Even though we were— are— very different.”
“And you have no family?” Sheriff Jody Mills says, scribbling on her memo pad. “No friends in the area?”
too fucking hot. “Just— let’s just wait til we get home, okay? We’ll get the boys tucked in, I’ll light a fire in the fireplace, then we can get all cuddled up on the couch and pick up where we left off. Okay?”
His doppleganger seems equally flabbergasted. "I could ask you the same thing," Dean says, eyeing him critically. "Why am I in a three-piece suit?"
“So,” he says, the word coming out in a burst. “I’ve been thinking. Graduation is less than two months away.”
As he leaves the room, he hears Cas say to Jack in a slightly higher voice, “Yes, he's a good dad, isn't he? He takes such good care of you. Yes, he does.”
Castiel rolls on the condom, lubes himself up, and lies down on his back. "Now," he says with a grin, patting his thighs in invitation. “Be a good boy and ride my cock until you come."
over his head. He doesn't understand half the stuff that Meg is saying. There are books and manuscripts and scrolls everywhere, written in languages he doesn't even recognize. People keep coming in and asking him questions and he doesn't know any of the answers. How did he ever think that Cas' job is easy?
"Sorry, buddy," Dean replies. "Black's not really my color." There's a fence at one end, at least eight feet high, and the demons are blocking the other end leading to the street. Yep, he is well and truly fucked.
Dean downs the tablets and the water, then lets Cas manhandle him over to the sofa and push him onto the cushions. He's done resisting.
“No, because he knows you’re a pushover and will give him whatever he wants if he begs hard enough,” Cas says irritably.
Dean is behaving very strangely. He’s been in the downstairs spare room since seven o’clock this morning and hasn’t come out once. Gabriel and Sam keep going in and out of the room, and strange sounds keep coming from under the door— hammering, drilling, scraping, thumping.
"Freaking witches." Dean kicks the wall. "What do we do now? Just wait around until midnight and we turn into frogs or something?"
The boys whine a little, but they’re obviously tired too, because it only takes a single Dad Look™ from Dean before they’re trudging upstairs.
Dean squints upward. It’s pretty dark, but he can see something crouched on the roof. A human-shaped something. And it’s moving.
“Guys,” Dean says tiredly. The late hour and the cold are rapidly sapping his energy. He turns to Castiel. “Look, buddy, you got a phone? Or a wallet? Any form of ID?”
“You ain’t intruding on anything.” They reach the front steps and Dean points at the bearded guy. “This dumb shit is Benny.” He points at the black guy. “And this dumb shit is Victor.” He pats Cas’ shoulder. “This is Cas. He’s super smart, so don’t be stupid around him.”
not,” Cas says, aghast. “It’s just... I can’t possibly take care of a baby, even if it’s just temporary. I’m only twenty-one.”
"Hey, buddy," Luke says, scratching his scalp almost absently, like he doesn't know he's doing it. "Went to Gabe's but he wasn't there. So I thought, I'll go see Cassie. My little brother Cassie, the good kid, the one who always did what Mommy told him." He lets out a jittery, humorless laugh. "Should have known Gabe would give the kid to you. He's not dad material. Can barely take care of himself."
"That wasn't so hard, was it? Cas gets to his feet and walks into the kitchen. When he comes back, he's got two bottles with him— one of water, one of aspirin.
"No, I—" Dean lets out a short, huffy breath. Abruptly, he veers onto a side street, pulls up to the curb, and turns off the car. "That's not what I meant. I just…" He reaches up and rubs the back of his neck, which Cas has learned means he's nervous. "I just don't want you to feel uncomfortable, Cas. I mean, I don't… I don't know what you identify as, and if I'm with you and people start making assumptions that we're together, I thought that might make you feel…I don't know, weird? I don't want a repeat of the whole Cole situation. He was horrible to you and Cesar."
“It’s been over twenty-four hours. That’s plenty of time.” Charlie shifts slightly on the bench so she’s looking Dean right in the eye. “Something tells me you just don’t
Cas groans and leans forward, pressing his forehead to Dean's. "I'm so glad I get to see it," he whispers. "Never thought I'd get to be this close to you."
Seconds later, there's a distant scream from the opposite end of the alley, followed by a horribly wet thud. All three of them whip around to see Demon #3 splattered on the pavement. He now bears a strong resemblance to that take-and-bake lasagna that Sam once dropped on the kitchen floor. Gross.
Cas shakes his head, eyes huge as he stares at their unexpected guest. “I’ve never seen him before in my life.”
at it. Dean just concentrates on giving as good as he gets. He sucks on Cas' lower lip, drawing it into his mouth, loving how soft and plump it feels, loving how it makes Cas whimper softly.
There’s a gentle knock at the door. “Dean?” Cas’ voice is soft over the sound of Jack’s cooing. “Dean, I know you can hear me. You don’t have to talk. Just listen.” Cas sighs, long and low. “Yes, there are times when you drive me crazy. There are times when I want to be alone. There are even times when I question why I’m doing this at all. But then I see how much you care, and it makes everything a little easier.
Cas’ mouth falls open. He’s only seen this room once before, when it was dark, dusty, and filled with a bunch of junk. Now it’s spotless, the hardwood floors gleaming, late afternoon sunlight shining through the window. The walls are painted pastel green and there’s a twin mattress in the corner, made up with fresh sheets and a quilt Cas recognizes from Dean’s bedroom. Jack’s bassinet is beside the bed. There’s a chest of drawers, a changing table, shelves stacked with diapers and burping cloths, brightly colored paintings hanging on the walls...
Spring break arrives. Most of the guys leave for the week, including Sam, but Dean sticks around. This makes Cas hopeful, since Dean isn't jumping at the first opportunity to get far, far away from him, but he's still not sure how to break the ice. Every time he opens his mouth, Dean goes tense, like he knows Cas is trying to talk about things he'd rather avoid. It's frustrating and it's making Cas miserable.
Heat floods Dean's cheeks. Cas is looking at him like he's the freaking Pope, not some salt-slinging douchebag who only knows enough Latin to perform an exorcism.
sheets are an 800 thread count cotton blend; these hideous things are polyester and 200 count at best.
"I can't do anything more for you tonight," he says, returning to the front desk. "The system takes hours to process data queries. That's assuming it doesn't crash, which it probably will."
"That makes sense, actually." Dean nods slowly. "All his victims have either been really young or really old, which could mean he's not strong enough to take down an adult yet. Maybe he got turned pretty recently, or maybe he's not used to hunting alone." His face hardens. "Or maybe he's a sick fuck who just
Cas stands up, knocking the papers to the floor, and throws his arms around Dean. "We're having a girl," he mumbles, as if saying the words will make it more real.
Grinning to himself, Dean walks into the kitchen. “Hey, you chuckleheads eat anything for breakfast besides cookies?”
“Shut your face," Dean hisses, but as much as he wants to strangle his brother right now, part of him is relieved that Sam doesn’t seem to care that Cas is a dude. “Okay. Fine. I might have a
"Me too, I wanna hug too!" Jack worms in between them. Cas picks him up and the three of them squish together in an embrace.
Cas quickly picks up Jack and wraps the blanket around him. "It's okay," he murmurs, patting his back gently, "you're okay. I’m sorry. We won’t do that again, I promise.” Jack stops crying almost instantly and burrows his face into Cas' shoulder.
Dean shifts underneath the pile of furs, taking stock of his body. “Better,” he reports. “Still sore, but I no longer feel as if I’m dying.”
“Shit,” Cas groans, running his hands through his hair and making it stand straight up. Dean stifles a grin at how insane he looks right now. “I’m not even halfway done with my paper and it’s due tomorrow.”
"I was skeptical at first," Cas says conversationally. "But I have to admit they're quite comfortable."
For the first time, Dean is actually glad the holidays are over. Mom wanted to spend as much time with them as possible during her visit, which was great, but it meant Dean got zero chances to hang out with Cas and Jack on their own. So he's secretly kind of relieved when Mom leaves on January 5th. School doesn't start back up until the 15th, so they have a solid ten days before things get crazy busy again.
Dean’s vision whites out, and without warning he tips over the edge, his entire body pulsing with pleasure. Cas follows seconds later, burying his face in Dean’s neck, making the most beautiful sounds as he comes, and then they collapse into each other’s arms, spent and sated and boneless.
“I meant what I said earlier,” Cas murmurs. “I don’t care if I ever remember who I was before. I’m choosing this. I’m choosing
Gabriel sighs, long and suffering. “See, this is why I shouldn’t get involved anymore. So much work.” He snaps his fingers again.
"Whisky por favor," Dean says. Years of investigating have taught him that it pays to know some of the local lingo. Even if your pronunciation is shit, most people still give you points for trying.
"Only every time we get shitfaced," Meg says in a bored tone. "I usually stop listening after the fourth shot."
Castiel decides that it's probably something most introductory texts don't cover and focuses his search on more advanced levels of spellcraft.
Cas frowns at him, trying to assess how drunk the guy is. “Castiel,” he says after a pause, raising his voice to be heard over the music.
Or maybe not. Blue Eyes is still staring at him with that hungry look. He's probably going to make a move soon, and Dean really can't afford to get distracted right now.
"Damn it, Dean." Castiel throws his pen down on the desk. "How many times are we going to have this conversation? We need
"Such a good boy," Castiel praises, caressing Dean's tingling skin. "You're taking your punishment so well. I think you deserve a reward." He leans down and smoothes Dean's sweat-damp hair back from his forehead. "What should it be, hm?”
Cas' heart is pounding and he feels lightheaded. So much blood. Fuck, what did they teach in that first aid class?
Cas freezes inside his little square of sidewalk. He looks behind him, hoping against hope that they’re addressing someone else.
The ghost of a smile flits across Cas’ face. “Sorry. I just…” He gestures helplessly at both of them. “You’re just so good with him. You’re a natural.”
There’s a noise over their heads. A creaky, thumping noise. It sounds like someone’s walking on the roof.
upset when she gives him a shot, but honestly, Dean thinks the whole thing is harder on Cas. His friend looks absolutely devastated when Jack scrunches up his face and screams, and Dean doesn’t think he takes in much of what Dr. Mills is saying. He makes sure to concentrate extra hard on her words, asks her to repeat stuff, and makes sure she’ll send a follow-up summary in MyChart. Cas just cradles Jack close to his chest, patting his back and looking like he’s going to cry himself.
"God, Dean." Cas is staring down at his cock and balls, watching Dean handle them with soft, gentle touches. "So gorgeous. I love seeing this part of you."
"It's okay," Cas says, his own forehead wrinkling up in distress. "It's okay, it'll just take a second."
Castiel's limbs give out and he collapses to the ground, trembling. Dean is crazy. They're all crazy. Why would anyone choose to do this?
"No, I didn't mean—" By now Dean's managed to sit up and is now frantically wrapping the sheets around himself. "Get out and
“Thank you.” Cas stares down into his red plastic cup, which is filled with some mysterious liquid he hasn’t been brave enough to drink.
"Damn it." Dean shines his flashlight into the gaping maw of the pipe. The concrete sides are stained with blood and other substances he doesn't want to think about. "Think he's out hunting?"
Dean stands up, nearly losing his balance as the shape and weight of the unfamiliar body throws him off center. He stumbles across the room towards the nearest door, which turns out to be the entrance to the master bath. Once inside, he closes the door, locks it, and takes a huge breath before turning around to face the mirror.
“Here,” Jack says, breaking the awkward silence. “You have to make your bed. I’ll show you.” He pulls the bedding out of Castiel’s arms.
"Oh fuck, honey—" Dean sits up and leans forward, easing his still-throbbing dick out of his boyfriend's mouth. "Sorry, babe, I tried to warn you."
"Oh, don't be like that. Look, I have them too." Castiel touches the skin around Dean's eyes gently. "It's what happens when you're almost forty."
"I swore I would get revenge," Dean continues. "I would hunt down the demon that ruined our lives. My dad and brother, they just wanted to move on, forget it ever happened. But I just couldn't. I couldn't let it go. And then when I finally did find the son of a bitch and gank him, I thought that would be it. Thought I could just go back to living a normal life. But I know what's out there now. Too many people need help. So I pretend. I pretend to be normal. I go to class and call home every week, I go to parties and get drunk like college kids are supposed to. But it's mostly just an act. And tonight... " He swallows. "When you said there were kids, all I could think about was my little brother. Six months old, me carrying him out of the house while Dad tried to rescue Mom. These kids... I could have saved them, if I'd just tried a little harder. Worked a little faster. But I didn't, and it's hard not to feel like it's my fault."
His lips are beautiful in this light; Castiel needs to claim them. He reaches out and takes the hem of Dean's jacket between thumb and forefinger, giving it a gentle tug. Dean moves towards him with no resistance, his eyes wide and luminous as they gaze into Castiel's.
not to think about what they were doing in that exact spot less than an hour ago. At least Cas was a gentleman and magicked them both clean once he got his powers back. “A member of my garrison was wounded in battle, and my commander told me to leave him behind. I refused.”
"I'm sorry, Sam," Castiel mumbles, wincing as he tries to stand on his hurt knee. "I'm having a very bad day."
man baby," Charlie agrees, putting a hand on his shoulder and guiding him towards a row of purple chairs. "Sit down, you look like you're about to faint. You want some water or tea or something?"
Add shame to the growing pile of emotions Dean is currently experiencing. "No," he mumbles. "Sorry. I just… I'm kinda panicking here, man."
"Sam always exaggerates," Dean says dismissively. "Just read the specs. They'll tell you how to kill it and everything. You'll be fine."
space,” Cas says, a little louder. “My space is perfect, just like it is.” He sets his jaw. “No, I’ve decided. You’re not leaving.”
"For sure." Dean's face is also a little red, probably because Cas wouldn't stop clinging to him like a socially awkward octopus. "That reminds me." He pulls out his phone. "I'm gonna add you to our group chat so you can communicate with everybody. You have Discord, right?"
okay,” Cas nearly yells, and Dean can feel how tense he is, how tightly wound, trembling from the effort of holding himself together. “I’ve tried
Hello everyone. This is Cas. Jack and I would like to thank you all for inviting us to stay with you.
Cas nips the sensitive spot underneath his ear, making Dean gasp. "Come home with me," he whispers, low and hoarse.
“Shut. The fuck. Up.” Dean glares at him. “You are sleep-deprived and sad and stressed out, and that is the
“Holy shit,” he pants when Cas finally pulls back. “Think there’s any chance we could dump the kid at Missouri’s for like an hour? Or maybe five?”
“Oh,” Cas says. “Yes. Well. It's nice for me, too.” An awkward pause. He shifts his weight, trying to think of something matter-of-fact to say. “Why are you up so early on a Saturday?” he asks.
Somehow Dean manages to push Cas’ coat off his shoulders without breaking their kiss, and Cas worms his way out of the sleeves, making a frustrated noise when one of his arms gets stuck. For some reason Dean finds this wildly funny (like seriously, why the fuck didn’t Cas take off his coat
"What word would you use?" Dean asks, running the tip of his tongue along his bottom lip, because he knows it's gonna make Cas crazy. Sure enough, Cas zeroes in on Dean's mouth, and his eyes turn a deep, glowing red.
“I don’t know.” Dean watches Cas give one twin a push, then the other, movements careful and measured. “I haven’t had much time to think about it.”
He abandons his gun and crawls backwards like a crab across the rough ground, pebbles and twigs stabbing his palms.
Dean wrenches the door open, and it’s just like the time he found Cas crying outside the nursery door, except that now he isn’t crying from hopelessness and exhaustion. There’s joy, hope, relief, and fear in his wet blue eyes, and a pure, raw vulnerability that makes Dean’s heart hurt.
Castiel props his chin on his hand and tilts his head. "From what I've observed, this particular wolf likes to hunt alone."
"More?" he asks, and Dean nods silently, his eyelids fluttering closed. Castiel adds another finger, forcing himself to go slowly as he pushes past that tight ring of muscle. Dean tenses a little as the second finger goes further in, but once it slides home, he relaxes and bears down against the pressure.
“Look, it wasn’t my fault, okay? There was this dragon, and he used his fire breath, and my bag kinda got caught in the blast.”
Cas sits up and takes Dean's shirt collar in both hands. Dean expects him to rip it apart in one go, but instead Cas starts tearing it
there's Cas' cock, hard and red and glistening at the tip, and Dean's never wanted anything as badly in his life. He just stares for a moment, heart thudding in his ears. Then he wraps a hand around Cas' shaft and starts stroking.
There's a blast of gunfire and suddenly the vamp-wolf's head is blown clean off. Castiel gasps, then looks up to see Sam and the other hunters shooting down into the ravine, picking off the monsters one by one.
"Please what?" Cas is suddenly much closer, right at the edge of the bed, still rubbing himself through tight red lace. "What do you want, Dean?"
makes him wince, but to his credit, Cas barely flinches at the blow. He just glares at John, that fire still burning in his eyes, even as a red mark appears on his cheek.
“No one’s adopting anybody,” Dean says, irritated. He turns back to Castiel. “Look, dude. You’ve obviously had some kind of head injury, and that’s probably why you can’t remember anything after you fell. It’s late and it’s cold and I have to be up in about five hours, so why don’t you come inside and I’ll make you up a bed on the couch. Just for tonight,” he adds hastily. “I’ll ask the sheriff to come by tomorrow morning, and she can help you figure things out. How’s that sound?”
Cas lets out a trembling sigh, his balls tightening against Dean's palm, and then Dean is treated to the absolutely
"Well then," Dean says hoarsely. "Okay. Yeah." He clenches his hands into fists, suddenly very aware of the fact that he's sweating. Shit. Did he shower today? Did he brush his teeth? He can't remember. What if he smells awful and Cas kicks him out of bed?
thinking, okay?” Dean snaps. “I was half-asleep and if I could do it over again, I’d probably make a better call, but it happened and I can’t change it now. And I’d
Someone raps sharply on the conference room's glass wall. Castiel looks up to see Sam gesturing at him, pointing to his watch with an impatient frown. "Shit. That's Sam. Oh God. I can't do this, Dean. I'm going to be sick, I—"
His eyes drift closed, and he feels a hand brush over his forehead, smoothing back his hair. It's nice. It reminds him of when he was little and his mom would take care of him while he was sick.
Cas doesn’t need to look to know that Dean is grinning in his arms. He tightens his grip on Dean, swaying back and forth in the grass. Dean chuckles at that, and begins humming something in tune with the distant music. It’s intimate, something Cas never realized he craved so much. It’s also something he could get used to.
Dean places a foot on the first step before he pauses. He eyes Cas from the side. “You’re coming in, too?”
Dean glances to look over Cas. “Yeah, no problem, bud,” he says, frowning. He turns the volume dial, letting the music run soft (
The screech of a far-off Leviathan pulls Dean from his thoughts. He checks the timer on his phone. Less than three minutes left.
“All of them,” Dean starts gesturing wildly, “Cas, Eileen, Bobby, Mom, Charlie, all of them! We’re bringing them back.”
He never could have admitted it to himself, all those years ago. Not with John breathing down his neck and Sammy depending on him and the world coming to an end, but for whatever Dean wanted to make his life out to be, he thinks caring for a little guy like Jack is a pretty good start.
At the stairs, Cas wraps his arms around Dean, rubbing his hands up and down his back. “Go upstairs and run a bath. I’ll put the kettle to boil.”
Cas tilts his head in challenge and says in an equal tone, “Nice catch.” He shuffles back to Dean, reclining back against the back of the box. He rests his head against Dean, who remains sitting up. Half his sandwich is already gone.
“Yeah,” Dean relaxes in his seat, one arm extended to steer. “I liked it. The stargazing. And I like you, so.” He goes quiet, biting at his lip.
It leaves him shivering, shaking against the nothingness. The circulation returns; he stands to his feet. Blood rushes through his limbs, warming his hands. It burns under his skin. He stares at his left hand, pale against the inky sludge retreating from him. It's the only light he has against the darkness.
Dean sets Jack on the changing table, and changes the kid’s diaper. All throughout, Jack’s eyes are trained on Dean.
It makes no difference to Cas. He plucks the marshmallow from Jack’s hand, pinching it with the tips of his fingers. His sincerity never falters as he says, “Thank you very much. This is an excellent gift.”
Dean lets his hand fall away from Cas’ wrist. His throat doesn’t scratch and scream in agony with each intake of breath, he can rotate his jaw with ease, and he can’t feel the warm trickle of blood down his face.
It’s nothing like Dean has ever felt before. It’s nothing like the alley, with Cas shoving him up against the brick and leaving no room for breath between them. The angel blade in Castiel’s hand is no match to human sinew and muscle, and it destroys every bit of Dean it touches. There’s no room for negotiation, no chance to come out of this alive. Castiel will do anything to get the angel tablet, Dean means nothing to him. Castiel’s hand raises above Dean, the angel blade aimed directly at his chest. Castiel is going to kill him.
“I would love to go grocery shopping with you,” Cas says, resting a hand over Dean’s watch. “It’s a date.”
Cas rests his arm against the passenger window, watching the raindrops stream against the windows as Dean accelerates. He has his head propped up by his hand.
Speaking of, there’s Cas. He’s sitting in a lawn chair, isolated from the main group, but close to where Claire and Kaia lie in the grass. His brow is relaxed, the bags under his eyes lessened now that he’s finally managing to sleep. The Empty had changed him, changed them both. It was slow progress, but progress nonetheless. Dean knew they would make it through; they always did. Some things just take time. He knows that better than anyone. Cas’ eyes are closed now, but Dean can see he’s not sleeping. His eyes are probably irritated by the smoke.
Dean's clumsy and slow with most tasks, and after a couple days, finally admits that he needs help with certain things. Cas is secretly pleased, because it's usually the other way around. He changes Dean's bandages, reminds him to take medication, and makes sure he remembers to eat. It almost feels like they're… no, Cas will not let himself go down that road. He and Dean
"I assure you, they are." Cas takes out the strange, silver blade again and turns it over in his hands. "This is the type of weapon they use. It's the only thing I brought with me when I left Heaven. Obviously it's a bit banged up after spending a thousand years in Hell." He lets out a humorless laugh. "Just like its owner."
“When we walk on Earth, we hide our wings from human eyes,” Castiel says quietly, but he’s not looking at Jack, or Ben. He’s watching Dean, that fearful look still in his eyes. It’s strange, because
"How long have you been hunting?" he asks as Dean wrestles with the wire cutters, which are cheap and flimsy and probably better suited for snipping through pipe cleaners rather than industrial grade steel.
Castiel feels an unexpected surge of protectiveness and impulsively bends down to give Dean a gentle, almost tender kiss. Dean hums happily and slings his arms around Castiel's neck, pulling him closer. Their cocks rub together in a delicious slide, and for a brief moment Castiel's vision clouds with white light. His stomach turns and he pulls away. Too close. Too intimate.
"Well, then." Dean gets up, walks into the kitchen, and returns with two shot glasses and a bottle of expensive-looking Scotch. "This oughta loosen you up a little."
Dean stares up at him, eyes glazed, a faint line between his brows. Castiel gives him a reassuring grin.
Castiel smiles weakly and watches Sam walk away, then dashes down the hallway and ducks into the nearest empty conference room. He pulls out Dean's phone and calls his own number.
appreciate a male friend coming onto him, even if Dean is a nice guy. Like Gabriel always says, don’t hit on jocks unless you want to get hit.
"There's a great deal about supernatural creatures that we don't understand." Castiel turns to look at him and grins, wide and white, almost feral. Dean's knees definitely do
3:45 PM: Castiel is in an absolutely foul mood. Not even a flirtatious smile from Rowena, the red haired Scottish witch who comes in twice a week to sweep the library for curses, improves his temper. Rowena seems to sense this and gives him a wide berth, murmuring incantations under her breath as she flits among the stacks.
Dean snorts, even as Cas’ words stir up those stupid, mushy feelings again. “Yeah, well, you’ve only spent a few days with ’em. Trust me, once the honeymoon phase wears off, you’re gonna take every chance you get to have a moment to yourself.”
Dean doesn't remember much of the ride to Castiel's place. The bike seat is vibrating between his legs, his dick is pressed up against Castiel's broad, warm back, and he can barely remember his own fucking
As spring break starts winding down, Dean starts thinking about what comes after. He’s a little shocked to realize that graduation is only two months away. He's in good shape to graduate (he's done well in all his classes and only has two final exams to worry about) but it's forcing him to face an uncomfortable reality. He can't stay in Sigma Zeta if he's not a student anymore.
Cas snorts. "Supposedly," he answers. "Nobody's seen him in millenia. For all we know, it could be a chihuahua sitting up there."
The night's events come crashing back and Dean groans inwardly, insides curling up with shame as he remembers how hard he'd begged for punishment, how he'd spread his legs and let Castiel fuck him like a needy, whiny little slut. God, he's pathetic. He needs to leave before Castiel wakes up and decides to make him eggs or some shit.
Dean goes through his repertoire again. When he puffs out his cheeks and crosses his eyes, Jack giggles again.
It's better than Castiel ever dreamed. Dean is so pliant and needy and eager to please that it's making Castiel's head swim. Never has he tasted anything so sweet, so sinfully good. He pulls off Dean's boxers slowly, savoring the gradual reveal of his slender hips and tight, perfect ass. When he's gotten the underwear off completely, he leans down and licks a long, hot stripe up Dean's crack, making him cry out in surprised pleasure.
"Nothing, I just—" An alarm blares through the plane, making Castiel jump. All around them, hunters start lining up next to the cabin door, adjusting their equipment.
As it turns out, more students read the paper than Cesar thought. Hardly a day goes by without a curious visitor or two knocking on their door. Much to the guys' delight, most of their admirers are female and head over heels for men who take care of babies.
Automatically Dean goes over to the light switch and flips it off, but to his relief, the room doesn't go pitch black. There's a night light plugged into the wall that casts everything in a muted orange glow. It feels soft and safe and actually makes him relax a little.
without thinking of me." He smacks him a few more times, making Dean wail and drum his feet against the bedspread. "Are you ready, my sweet? Is my good boy ready to get fucked?"
The raven seems to preen under the attention. It keeps trilling and ruffling its feathers. Dean pets it for a while, then reluctantly removes his hand.
“No, I didn’t kill Santa,” Dean says, exasperated. There’s no sound or movement from the bushes, which probably means the guy’s knocked out. “Ben, go bring me the big yellow flashlight.”
“Everywhere.” Dean’s eyes are glazing over, a sign that he’s drifting back into unconsciousness. “Am I going to die?”
The spark burns hotter, and Dean resists the urge to reach over and pat Cas’ knee. “Don’t worry,” he says again, voice a little hoarse. “I got you.”
And then, late at night on the 23rd, while Dean is updating the Sigma Zeta group chat on the baby situation, he stumbles onto an absolutely brilliant idea.
"I'll do it," Castiel says, as though he can sense Dean's state of mind. "I'm the one who made the decision. It's my responsibility."
"Running around killing monsters works up an appetite," Castiel replies dryly, reaching for a napkin to wipe off his greasy fingers.
All four of them watch the digital display jump and flicker as Jack yells and flails his tiny limbs. After a brief moment, the screen shows the number 8.3.
It's barely an apology, but apparently Victor decides that it's enough. He walks over and picks up Cole's duffle bag. "Let's get your shit unpacked," he says.
"Well, that's easy," Dean says, clenching a fist. What he wouldn't give for five minutes alone with that asshole. "He dumped him on Gabe's fucking doorstep and walked away."
Saturday dawns bright and cold with a fresh layer of snow on the ground. Since Castiel doesn’t have any clothes, Dean lends him some, which may have been a mistake because when Cas comes downstairs wearing one of Dean’s flannels over a faded Zeppelin tee, Dean temporarily loses the ability to speak. Possessive heat curls through his belly and he has a sudden, crazy urge to bury his face in Cas’ chest and breathe in.
“You’re my brother, I’ll call you whatever I want,” Dean replies, flopping down beside Sam and patting the cushion next to him. “Sit down, Cas. Have some pizza.”
Victor walks back into the living room, drying his hands on his jeans. "Hey, man," he says. "Welcome back. You have a good break?"
“Stop being so dramatic,” Charlie says, slapping his hand away to grab a fistful of chips. “You’ll get over it.”
Seconds later, silence descends, broken by the occasional growl from a vamp-wolf that isn't quite dead yet, followed by the sharp crack of a gunshot as a hunter finishes the job.
on him. The thin white fabric clings to his biceps and shoulders, and if Dean squints he can see his nipples through—
some type of demon? How is Dean supposed to navigate this kind of ethical minefield? He's a soldier, not fucking Socrates.
house than they are at his. He’s got his phone turned on just in case, but he’s still able to relax more than he expected.
“We’ve already done those things,” Cas repeats. “I’ve met your extended family and your closest friends. We’ve shared living space and parenting duties. We find each other attractive and desirable. We seem to be compatible in many ways. I haven’t been able to contribute financially yet, but I can certainly seek employment if it would be helpful.” He smiles slightly. “The point is, Dean, that we’ve already met most of the criteria necessary for a successful long-term partnership. If we’d known each for five years instead of five days, would it really make that much difference?”
Mary peers over Cas’ shoulder and laughs. “Oh, yeah. He’s about two there. He went through a phase where he would take his clothes off all the time. I had to wipe up little butt prints everywhere he went.”
Castiel’s head snaps up. His eyes suddenly look overbright. “Yes, Dean,” he murmurs. He moves swiftly across the room until he’s kneeling at Dean’s side. “It’s me.”
The raven trills again and allows Dean to examine it. The string of leather is wrapped twice around the wings, and it takes Dean several minutes to work it free. The raven flinches and hisses a few times, but it doesn’t bite. Finally, Dean untangles the last knot and sits back on his heels.
Trying not to look overeager, Dean eases underneath the covers and pulls them over himself, careful to leave an inch or so of space between their bodies. He's not touching Cas unless Cas gives him explicit permission to do so. He plumps up one of the pillows, wedges it under his head, and makes himself look up.
He debates about the rest of his clothes for quite a while. Logically, he should wear Dean's usual attire, but he just can't bring himself to put on anything that could be featured on the cover of
He glances around to make sure no one's watching, then scoops up the small bag and examines it. Smells like sage, lavender, and something kind of citrusy. Carefully, he unties the coarse twine holding the bag closed and examines the contents. There's a sprig of holly, a scrap of blue satin, and a couple of tiny bones, probably from a shrew or a mouse. Two crystals he doesn't recognize, and a silver cufflink that he
So of course, when Ellen and Bobby’s annual “Christmas at the Roadhouse” shindig rolls around, Dean does the smart thing. He gets a sitter for the night and invites Cas to come along.
This is it. This is how he dies. Castiel Novak, holder of multiple advanced degrees, speaker of six ancient languages, head research librarian at one of the world's most prestigious companies, is going to die cowering at the bottom of a ravine, ripped to shreds by a pack of rabid vampire-werewolf hybrids.
Wordlessly, Cas steps forward, grasps Dean’s hand with warm, trembling fingers, and lets Dean guide him down the wooden steps. Whoops and good-natured jeers follow them all the way back to their table, and Dean’s face is on fire, but that doesn’t stop him from grinning like a fool.
Dean finds his voice. "And I'm gonna send an email to our adviser letting him know what happened," he says. "Just so it's documented."
Jack lies very still on the playmat, gazing up at him with those huge blue eyes. Dean blinks a few times and sniffs, pushing back the sudden flood of emotion. Then he forces a smile and grabs hold of Jack's feet.
Luke lets out another maniacal giggle that sends shivers down Cas' back. "That's hilarious. That's fucking hilarious. Classic Gabe. Always gotta be the clown." He points at Cas. "But not you. You're the responsible one, Cassie. You've been taking care of my baby boy while I've been gone, and I am so, so grateful for that. Really. Truly. I am touched."
They wander downtown, going in and out of shops. Not to buy anything, just to look around. Dean is equally immature in that environment, trying on stupid hats and turning on everything battery-operated within reach. Cas has to shoo him out of several stores when staff start throwing them dirty looks.
"Wow." Dean turns a dusty tome over in his hands, warmth spreading through his chest. "I guess I have it pretty bad for him, huh?"
Something flickers in Cole's eyes. "Look," he says. "I'm a dick. I know that. But I'm not a fucking monster. Cas needs serious help, man."
Dean curses and kicks the stupid thing away, but it’s too late. Castiel’s eyes blink open, and son of a
Cas still doesn’t look happy, but after a moment he steps back, face scrunched up in an adorable pout.
It’s the best night Dean’s had in quite a while. Maybe because for once, he’s not worried about leaving the kids. Jody and Donna are the best babysitters ever; in fact, the boys are probably safer at
guy, not the guy who eats too much and swears like a sailor and snickers at the word ‘succulent’ and jerks off wearing
“Well, I do.” Dean takes Ben by the shoulders and pries him off Castiel. “Hey, you and Jack go get stuff to make a bed on the couch, okay?”
There's a moment of silence, which makes Castiel think he's won the argument. Then he turns around and almost slams into Dean, who's suddenly right up in Castiel's space, green eyes flashing fire.
Dean can think of a million things to say, but none of them feel quite right. Cas doesn't seem to expect an answer, though. He just sidles up to Dean and rests his head on his shoulder, gazing down at Jack, who's still fast asleep. Dean can hardly breathe. Cas' messy dark hair is tickling his cheek, his body is pressing softly into Dean's side, and for a long moment there's nothing else in the world except this— him and Cas, looking down at the kid they've somehow ended up raising together, safe and sound inside a warm, contented bubble.
Cas looks down at the sleeping baby in his arms. “No, it's okay,” he murmurs after a moment. “I’ve got him.”
That's a wrap! What did you think? I hope you enjoyed the sweetness and didn't get too many cavities!
He pulls out his phone and scrolls through his texts. The most recent one is from Sam, asking if he's coming home for the weekend.
Cas makes an unhappy sound and tries to capture his mouth again, but Dean ducks, shaking his head. “We gotta go. I promised Jody I’d pick them up by nine.”
quite comfortable. As is Dean's massive bed. He may have to invest in some higher quality sheets once this whole thing is over. And maybe a memory foam mattress.
likes the way it gets his boyfriend all hot and bothered. Dean lets out the sweetest little whimpers and whines when Cas teases him, flushing pink all the way down from his face to his chest when Cas tells him how beautiful he looks. The praise makes Dean blush even deeper and practically squirm with embarrassment, but it also makes him come in less than a minute, so that's definitely worth exploring further.
"He's a baby, and also asleep," Cas points out. "From everything I've read, it's perfectly okay to have sex in the same room as a sleeping baby. We're not going to traumatize him."
"Just look at this ass," Castiel purrs, slapping it sharply. Dean moans. "So fucking red. You're not going to be able to sit down for a
"Good boy." Castiel slaps one cheek lightly and is rewarded with a fresh burst of Dean's smell. He slaps the other, watching the faint red mark of his hand fade away into the supple flesh. Dean quivers and clenches his fists in the sheets. Castiel slaps him again, harder, and Dean moans.
right then and there, without a shadow of a doubt, that he wants to spend the rest of his life kissing Cas. And isn’t that an amazing, beautiful, terrifying thought?
“Good.” Cas settles back against the headrest. “I’m quite apprehensive about meeting so many strangers. It will be much easier if you’re with me.”
Dean bursts out of the door with a loud bang. “What the fuck, Benny? I was watching the game.” Then he catches sight of Cas, still frozen on the sidewalk. His face splits into a wide grin. “Cas! Hey buddy. What’s up?”
“Nah, you’re fine.” Dean’s already filling the sink with hot, soapy water. “You might want to get dressed, though. Sheriff’s gonna be here in about half an hour.” He turns back to the sink and starts washing silverware.
He slams the bathroom door and leans up against it, taking deep breaths. Fuck. Fuck, he can’t do this. He can’t keep living like this, alongside Cas with no hope of being anything more than a friend. He just can’t. He knows that now. Cas is the sweetest, stubbornest, gentlest guy in the entire world, and he deserves so much more than Dean can give him. There’s a better guy out there, someone mature and sophisticated and cultured. Cas should be with
Castiel as the name of a construction company. Nope. Dean wasn’t pulled out of hell by a pile driver or a crane.
Like he needs to worry about that, too. He can’t. He can’t worry about Sam and Cas at the same time, it’s too much worry to bear. And nobody can share it, nobody can relieve it.
“It is not my place,’ the golem declares again, scowling. "If you give me a name, you would be releasing your hold on me. I would become my own creature and have free will.”
Relax, he says, but Castiel can’t relax. He’s too afraid of saying the wrong thing, doing something misguided and foolish, making Dean write him off as an annoyance. He’s failed at so much. Whether it’s fixing heaven or fixing slushy machines, he can’t seem to be competent when the pressure is on.
“Until you weren’t. Now sit down,” Charlie informs him. “Look, all you have to do is act as little like this guy as possible.”
But he has no reason to think Dean’s changed his mind, and Castiel is not going to give him the satisfaction of pleading, no matter how he aches for a bed and for the warm touch of friends’ voices. Instead, he says, “I think I’d like to just drive around for a while. If that’s all right with you.”
His shoes lift off the floor. Sam watches him, carefully, suspicious of every movement. But as Gabriel floats toward him, a foot off the ground, Sam finds himself unable to move. He stands there, rooted to the spot, watching Gabriel get closer and closer. For an instant, a pair of lips touch his. A kiss like a dream. Sam’s not even sure, right now, that it even happened.
Castiel frowns. “I don’t know. I prefer my bed firm. I don’t like the idea of the mattress… sinking beneath me.”
And holy crap, two minutes ago he was calling Cas’s name asking for help with Sam. Now Cas is calling him asking for help, and they’re all only human now, aren’t they?
“Or maybe,” Castiel goes on, “we need more practice.” He smiles – just barely, a sneaking smile that drifts across his face and is gone.
He reaches out and grabs one of Cas’s hands. Presses his palm against Cas’s palm, curls his fingers around Cas’s fingers. Holds it there.
Dean’s talking a little too loudly. “You’re damn right I am. And it’s like having two of each of you. God, do you have to think so damn much when you talk? Agh. And now there’s Kevin. No, we’re not planning a freaking war. Stop thinking we look like a war council.”
He gets up. Pain stabs through him in lightning bursts, but he ignores it. There’s a chance of getting Dean back, and Castiel will be damned if he doesn’t take it. Whichever way it goes, he knows, he’ll be there when the moment finally comes.
The scene is cut mercifully short by another “freeze,” and Castiel is tapped out next, allowing him to rejoin the rest of the class in the audience. His hands are still warm where they’d touched Dean, his shoulder still burning with the contact. He doesn’t want to have a crush on Dean. The guy’s all hypermasculine swagger. But the crinkles at the edge of his eyes when he smiles, the way his smile opens wide and easy – they hypnotize Castiel. It’s like being dragged underwater, watching him. Castiel loses his breath, and the rest of the world goes muted and dim. There’s only Dean, and Castiel can’t look away.
“It doesn’t, not really, but, you know.” Dean shifts closer to him on the couch. “Just in case it did, to you.”
He pulls back. And then leans forward again. They kiss. And stare at each other. And kiss some more.
“Gonna fuck you right here, just like this,” he growls into the back of Castiel’s neck, and Castiel buries his moan in the sleeve of some poor woman’s fur coat. Quick stabs of spit-wet fingers, shoving, Castiel breathing hard with each thrust, and then Dean’s in him, filling him, hands like claws on Castiel’s thighs to pull him into each thrust. And ain’t no demons comin’ round now, because this is hotter than Hell could ever be.
“Of course,” Castiel says, “I may be biased in my assessment, considering the fact that I’m in love with you, but..”
It occurs to him briefly as he’s finding a pouch for the feathers among the countless boxes and bags they keep in the trunk:
He kneels down beside Cas, heaving him up, fighting against The Empty's grip. He props Cas’ head against his leg, and reaches for his knife in Cas’ coat pocket. The blade splits the skin of Cas’ neck. Dean holds the vial to Cas’ neck, collecting the stream of crackling blue grace.
Cas’ hand rests on the post of the stair railings. He looks back up at Dean, expectantly. He knows what he’s waiting for.
The wind continues picking up speed. Its deafening as it howls and screams in Dean’s ears. Dean wonders if they’ll be ripped apart before it spits them out.
The admission of it all still makes Dean’s heart race. Loving an angel? That was never in Chuck’s cards. But Dean is still reminding himself that Chuck is gone. God does not rule over them the way he used to. Jack doesn’t interfere (much); he comes over for breakfast every morning.
“Yeah, fair enough bud,” Dean says. His eyes cloud over as he focuses on the different stations. He eventually settles on some old country station. He keeps the volume low; Cas can’t make out which artist is playing.
Cas still exists in small ways around the bunker. His small plants, just starting to grow and bloom litter any and all flat surfaces. His set of spare keys hanging from the hooks by the closet, the book he was in the middle of reading, the pages face down on the table to pick up where he left off.
“Sammy,” Dean drags out his name, a slightly demeaning expression on his face, “he’s a three-year old. Three-year olds will do anything for a bowl of Cookie Crunch.”
Jack holds out his other hand, and opens his fist. Squished into his hand is a white glob that was once a marshmallow. “For you!”
Sam’s point does little to keep the grin from growing on Dean’s face. In fact, as Dean moves further into the library, the grin on his face seems to grow even bigger. “Sammy, you’re forgetting. We killed Chuck. The world is ours for the taking.” Dean claps his hands together.
Cas loves when Dean talks. He loves when he has a million things to ramble on about but nothing to say. Because he does. There’s so much hidden beneath the surface, trickling out between the Kurt Russell trivia and the plot synopsis of the latest Star Trek episode. Sometimes he lets things slip. Castiel isn’t sure if Dean lets them slip just for him, or if no one else notices. He’s seen Dean from the inside out, he knows what lies at his core, and he could stay there forever, if Dean would let him.
Dean has offered many expressions to Cas over their time together, from the basic expressions of joy or anger or fear, or the indescribable ways Dean would twist his face when everything was on his mind and he had no words to explain his feelings. How many stares had they shared, just the two of them, how many gazes had they saved just for each other? How many looks were reserved just for the two of them, expressions that only they could decipher?
“I know you’re in there,” Dean says, his mouth shooting with pain. He can barely lower his jaw to open his mouth. He doesn’t know where he’s meant to keep his tongue. He keeps going, “I know you can hear me.”
It’s haunted Dean since the first night Cas left the Bunker. Cas had walked away, he didn’t want to hear what Dean had to say to him. Hell, Dean had nothing good to say to him that night. He just let him go. He’s tried not to dwell on it, but the thought itches at the heart of him. He didn’t say it. He let Cas walk away uncertain of his love. Dean can’t help but feel that Cas left that night certain that he was unloved.
It used to startle him, the raised red handprint so fittingly placed on his arm. Such a stark contrast, Dean could never place why the mark Castiel had branded him with had bothered him more than any other scar he’d received, from hunting or otherwise. He rolls the offending shoulder just at the thought.
Dean hands the entire container of wet wipes to Cas, who takes them without question, setting them down in the grass next to his chair.
Cas purses his lips, avoiding Dean’s flickering gaze between him and the road. He got Dean to stop talking at a mile a minute, but now Cas is in a position where he's expected to answer. Cas looks out the passenger window, watching the weeds at the side of the road speed by them. It’s a blur of vivid and wild greens. It makes him motion sick. He’s forced to look back out through the windshield.
He doesn’t just have everything he needs; Dean Winchester finally has everything he wants. For once in their long lives, they have what they deserve.
The ground starts bubbling in front of him, rocking the ground beneath him. The sludge spits and gurgles, and parts, revealing Castiel from its inner depths.
Everything Cas was working for, everything Cas has wanted is resting in Dean’s arms, sleeping peacefully. Cas is gone, and it’s Dean’s responsibility now. And it’s hard work, it’s exhausting, it fucking sucks, it’s everything Dean swore he would never subject himself to again, certainly not unwillingly. But when Jack looks up at him, or when they’re in the rocking chair, surrounded by nothing but the dark, at least Dean can, for a moment, feel a little less lonely. He can feel a little closer to Cas.
Dean looks at Cas and he sees everything he never knew he wanted from this life, he sees things he never dreamed were possible for him. He sees himself with a life, and its waiting for him with open arms.
It’s how he used to feel about Cas, before they had gotten to know each other. Before Cas defied Heaven’s plans.
Dean’s eyes widen. He turns in his seat to face Cas. “You drove into this field without knowing how to drive out?”
Dean brings Jack back into his arms, and reaches back for the rest of the bottle. “See?” Dean asks, watching Jack suckle on the bottle. “You’re okay. We’re okay” Jack coos, his eyes open now. He looks straight at Dean, and Dean tries to ignore the way his chest constricts.
“When you married me?” Cas suggests, raising his left hand up, wiggling his fingers back and forth. His ring gleams in what little moonlight remains. He opens the cooler and starts digging around. He tosses a bag to Dean.
The words were on the tip of his tongue. He never got to say them. He has to get it right. Because a life without Cas isn’t the life for him.
Cas isn’t used to the way human lungs stall in a crisis. He can’t say he likes it. “How do I know this is real?” he asks.
Dean sucks a breath in through his teeth, nearly strangling himself from the pain. He’s gasping for breath, but he has to remain diligent. It’s the only thing he can think of to get Castiel to look at him, to get Cas back. “Cas, it’s me. I know you’re in there. I know you are.”
When he’s around Cas, Dean is, well, he certainly doesn’t feel like himself. Cas will give him that stupid look with that stupid head tilt, and it’s almost like the responsibility of saving the world and defeating God doesn’t belong on his shoulders. It’s all the stupid expressions Cas pulls throughout the day, whether he’s studying an insect he’s found outside or from tasting foods with too many molecules or how his face lights up with the brightest smile after Dean tells a stupid joke to fill the silence. No, Dean is anything but himself around Cas. He feels so much better than that.
“Yeah,” Dean says. Cas can see him fighting against his emotions. “He seems really happy with it. With Eileen. Sammy’s got the life he deserves. Can you believe it?” Dean tries to hide the thickness of his voice behind surprise. It doesn’t fool Cas.
He doesn’t talk with Sam beyond communicating Jack’s needs and what they need from the store. But alone in the dark, he’ll talk with Jack. He can pretend things are fine. He can pretend he’s with him.
Jack nods again, and buries his head further into Dean’s flannel, and Dean rubs a hand up and down his back. Dean wishes they were in the rocking chair; he knows how much Jack likes the motion. He hums an old Johnny Cash song, letting the sound lull Jack to sleep.
There’s still so much Dean doesn’t know. Does Cas even want to come back? Dean didn’t even say it back; would Cas still want to come home to him? What will the words sound like out of Dean’s mouth?
The Empty is up to his knees now, soaking into his clothes, bleeding into his skin. Each step forward is an effort, and he isn’t making any ground.
“Well like with any vehicle, you’re going to put it in drive, and then you’re going to steer towards the road and you’re going to drive up the ditch.”
Claire and Kaia sit with their legs outstretched on the grass. Claire has her arm around Kaia, and Kaia rests her head against Claire’s shoulder.
Cas leans down to kiss Dean again, remaining chaste. Dean’s eyelashes flutter, tickling Cas’ cheeks. “Happy five months.”
Castiel’s eyes are lifeless. He isn’t seeing Dean, he’s seeing the man getting in the way of the angel tablet. It isn’t right. It isn’t Cas.
Cas sets his sandwich down, reaching for his orange juice box. He removes the straw and stabs it through the top. “Do you want me to come?”
But when Dean was touching him, holding him up against the meadow grass – that was real, that was right. Cas could feel that. It was Dean.
They keep from the glow of the fire, preferring the illumination of the fireflies. Dean’s grip never falters, stepping back and forth in the grass, letting the cool of the night settle around them. The crickets begin chirping and trilling away, a back-up chorus to the strum of guitar. They don’t fall back in time with the music, not that Cas minds. They’ve always danced to the beat of their own drum anyways.
Dean’s going to die. He’s going to die by Castiel’s hand, and there’s nothing to be done. But this isn’t about him, it’s about what the angels want. Because Dean . . . he’s had his issues with Cas’ methods in the past, but in the end he’d do anything Cas wanted. He would follow that god damned angel to the ends of the earth if it meant giving him what he wanted. He’s hurt him once before, and he doesn’t know if he can do it again. Cas already blames himself for so much, he won’t let the angels add to that burden.
Cas laughs now. “Whatever you want,” he says, and his next choice of words just makes him laugh more, “dear.”
He drops to his knees; he can’t feel his legs. The goo swims up around his thighs, circling his hips. Dean can feel it creep up his back, following the curve of his spine.
Dean watches, swallowing roughly. Saliva and mucus and blood scrape against the raw lining of his throat.
Jack is up at irregular intervals, the 5 S method only works a quarter of the time, and Dean doesn’t know what kind of sleep he’s supposed to get when the baby is sleeping, because all that he sees in his dreams is the blood spreading through the white of the dress shirt, quickly followed by the flood of iridescent light expelling itself from the stab wound.
let this weigh on him, too. And who knows? Maybe he can do it this time. Maybe against the timer counting down their demise, he can utter the words for Cas. If they’re going to be trapped here for all eternity, now’s as good a time as any. They’ve already wasted twelve years. What’s another three minutes?
It doesn’t help that Dean has reverted back to silence. He hasn’t been able to speak since Cas’ goodbye. How could he? What is there to say? They saved the world and now they are alone. These are simply the facts of their story. And now the rest of their lives await. But what use is a chance at life if they have to face it alone?
Dean walks back out of his room, ignoring the plants and the keys and the books that linger and taunt him around the bunker. He goes to the Dean Cave, where Sam set up the rocking chair.
Dean exhales, distracting himself with his own juice box. “Not if you don’t want to,” he says, fiddling with the plastic around the straw. “I know someone needs to stay with Jack, but I was thinking if we went early, before Bobby drops him off.”
Cas licks his lips, hands flexing against the steering wheel. His mouth opens, closes. Then he says, “I don’t know how to drive out of the field.”
They’re in South Dakota, spending the weekend with Jody and the girls. They’re having a fire, to remember all those they lost along the way, and celebrate the return of family (which are two groups with quite a bit of overlap – not that anyone is complaining).
Dean slams the lid of the cooler, disturbing the peace of night. The raindrops begin hitting their skin faster and faster, raising goosebumps and sending a chill right down to Cas’ bones. He hops down from the truck bed and grabs the cooler from Dean. Dean grabs his boots and throws them on, not bothering to tie them tight. “There’s a bag for that comforter under this corner,” Cas points before going to the side doors. He sets the cooler on the floor of the truck, slams the door, and goes back to help Dean wrap up the blanket.
“I promise," Dean says, his voice hoarse from disuse, "I’m not coming back without him." The softness of his words blow with the breeze, and the oriole continues singing. The meadow had always been Cas’, anyways.
But he fucked up. It was inevitable. He couldn’t keep the anger under wraps, and he used it to hurt Cas. Because he wanted to. Because maybe for once Dean didn’t want to put that guilt on himself. Maybe all that time with Cas had finally let Dean see something within himself that wasn’t loathsome. Maybe he was starting to feel alive again – whatever that means. After all, he already had a lifetime’s worth. Wasn’t that enough? Didn’t he deserve to for once in his life not feel like a failure?
He lied to Cas, to himself. They weren’t just friends, and they weren’t just best friends. Dean’s heart belonged to him, it has for years now. He was too scared to say it, but he should have. He failed him, for not letting him know sooner. He should have fought for it, fought against the fear sooner. Cas died for him, and he should have known that he was loved back.
Cas feels a cold drop on his hand. He inspects it, thinking it’s from the straw of his juice box. But the juice box is in his other hand. Another drop lands, this time on his cheek, then another on his head. He looks up, and smiles.
Cas thinks for a moment. The crickets have chirped up again, now that they’re done disturbing the peace of an empty field. Distantly, the deep croak of frogs from the creek further along the grid fills the air. The dark wraps around them in comfort, in shelter.
She directs her attention to Dean, giving him a smile he can't quite place. “Are you happy, here?” Charlie asks, stepping back.
The goo swallows his feet, enveloping his boots. It starts to swallow them, swirling up and around his ankles.
Cas looks at him, eyes wide. “Our destination.” He walks to the side of the truck and steps up on the wheel to swing a leg over and climb into the box.
Castiel has experienced sweetness before. He’s tasted molasses, he could taste the excess sugar in the jelly of his PB&J, the way cotton candy melts on his tongue, too hot and sharp against the tongue for his liking.
Did Cas know what he was doing when he said goodbye? Did he realize how terribly broken it had left Dean here, on his own? Did Cas know that he meant to say it, that he
Cas’ eyes followed the yellow spec intently as it flew side to side through the air. At one point, the yellow bead of light disappeared. It took Cas aback briefly before returning. It eventually spiraled down, down, down to the grass, landing on one of the blades. Cas kneeled down, resting his elbows on the grass, and then his head in his hands, to observe the little creature so full of light.
Dean slams the breaks, sending Cas forward into the dash. He puts his hands up just in time to catch himself. Dean steers Baby off to the side of the road. They both bounce in their seats, jostling left and right. Dean stops Baby in the grass, shifting into park. He unclips his seatbelt and slides over to meet Cas. Dean grabs Cas by the lapels, pulling him in by fistfuls of his trench coat, and crushes his lips into Cas’.
He wouldn’t be able to say it, but if Cas were here right now, the words would be falling off Dean’s tongue before he could even realize what he was saying:
“No, she wanted you to go back to her place. Why do you think she was so pissed when you said here was just fine? She wanted you, and you shot her down.”
Thank goodness for that. Because for a while there, Castiel was again looking down the barrel of centuries. Centuries where once again, nothing from day to day mattered anymore. Without Dean there, alive and vibrant and beside him, there would be no meaning to the moments of Castiel’s life. He’d be stuck in the gears of eternity, not dead but barely alive, just witnessing the atrocity of a broken universe.
Not just tolerates him. Not just thinks he’s probably going to end up a good guy in the end. All of that is true, too, but now Charlie cares. Now she’s invested in Castiel ending up on Dean and Sam’s side. He has to, because she cares about him. Not only about Dean and Sam, but him, too. As a… person, angel, whatever. As his own entity, making his own choices.
Mariel approaches her cake, and the three men in the room break into a low baritone chorus of “Happy Birthday.” Above and around them, a million stars gleam.
“I think we all do,” Castiel says. He’s unsure whether he’s speaking for just him and Dean, or people, or angels… maybe, everyone.
There’s anger in Dean’s eyes, in the clench of his fists and the tension of his muscles. “You can’t expect me to just go with that. Just … what, let you die?”
“No.” Castiel shakes his head firmly. “It’s my grace. There’s no doubt about it. But my grace has been through a lot, Dean. It’s… not all it was.”
So now Charlie knows what Sammy did last summer. And she kind of wishes she didn’t… at least, not in so much detail.
They’re playing the old standard improv game of freeze tag. Two actors start a scene, usually a highly physical one; at any point, a member of the audience can shout “Freeze!” and “tap out” an actor, assuming his position and starting an entirely new scene. At the moment, Gabriel has been playing Castiel’s tailor, his arms outstretched as he measures the distance from Castiel’s shoulder to his wrist with an imaginary measuring tape. Dean grins as he makes his way forward, and, as Castiel feared, he taps out Gabriel.
Dean grimaces. “Look,” he says, and draws a breath. “I get it. But it didn’t take an angel to take a bus cross-country and save our asses by chopping off Pestilence’s finger last night. Don’t tell me that was some kind of mojo, because I know you, and that was all willpower.”
It happens under a starry sky. Dean has always associated starry skies with Sam, of course. For years they’ve been stopping under those skies, staring upward, being together. He was a little reluctant to open that up to someone else – it’s taken time to open himself up at all, enough to learn to love Cas and be loved in return, to realize he can share his life with another and still be a faithful brother to Sam. Some things, like stargazing, still seem like sacred territory. But what can he do? He’s here with Cas, there’s a sky full of stars, the Milky Way sprawling out like a pinup on the blackness, and he can’t not stare. And neither can Cas, it seems – angel though he is, his eyes are wide, drinking in the expanse as hungrily as a child. Dean glances at him and smiles.
Castiel does that thing with his jaw that makes him look like a monkey. Dean tries not to laugh. “Yes, because marrying you under a fake name will be so satisfying. It’s not as if we couldn’t have been married before this. There were over thirty states…”
“Nervous?” Dean looks at him sidelong. “I’m not the one who’s got to convince Death to allow him access to the Mouth of Hell. Compared to Sammy, I’m sitting pretty.”
Squeezing him tight, leaning in to brush his lips along Castiel’s shoulder, Dean tries to wrap his head around this concept. He takes a breath to speak, thinking somehow he’ll be able to fight back, to argue that he’s really not worth all that, that he can’t even be put in the same category as a whole sky full of stars.
Dean and Sam are incapacitating and exorcising their way through a ring of affected, using the new techniques they’ve had to adopt in order to avoid killing half the country. It’s still putting the hurt on people who probably don’t deserve it, but you gotta do something to keep these guys down until a cure can be found. But sometimes there are just too many, and Dean’s about ready to break out the hard stuff.
Castiel expects the bristles to be scratchy and rough, but the movement of the brush actually soothes, and he does feel more composed, more put together as Dean works to brush his feathers into alignment. He can feel them drying, and when he curls one wing forward to have a look he’s surprised at how plush and full the feathers look, as sparse as they are. This was a good idea after all. He closes his eyes and breathes to the rhythm of the brushstrokes.
She should really stop reading these books. She should just ask Sam and Dean what happened and not look at it through the prism of this hyperbolic sellout of a writer just looking to sell books on the backs of her friends.
“And he’s staring.” Sam’s stare is like a red-hot poker. If he were right behind Dean, breathing on his neck, things couldn’t be any tenser.
Right now, for instance, they’re out shopping mattresses. Castiel has selected a gorgeous design for his new king bed, and he’s very excited about the look of it. But Dean’s much more interested in how it feels. “Memory foam,” he keeps saying. “It’s worth the investment, dude.”
“Of course. No problem.” Castiel’s looking everywhere but at the two of them – at the ceiling of the room, out the windows, across the pile of unconscious-but-definitely-not-dead affected. “I didn’t realize you were here. I’m sorry for barging in.“
Dean can’t process this. Castiel says it like it’s simple, cut-and-dry, but the thought of it blows Dean’s mind. “You’d choose me. Over the universe.”
It starts low, too low for Pippin, and Dean’s first thought is that this guy’s voice isn’t the right type. He’s a baritone, and Pippin’s a high pop tenor. But Castiel’s voice rises and soars on the higher notes, and there’s a sweet, longing ache in his vowels, and Dean finds himself sitting on the edge of his chair watching, fascinated.
Dean grabs Castiel by the shoulder and yanks him forward. Castiel’s lips are solid and open as they collide with Dean’s.
Dean laughs. “Well, next time someone stares at you and offers to buy you a drink and keeps asking you questions and asking you to come over, keep in mind what that really means.”
“But I only want to say,” Castiel starts, and then the breeze hits him hard in the face. He winces as though slapped.
“Marry me.” Dean’s as surprised as Cas to hear the words, but it doesn’t take long for him to realize he means them. And then it’s easy to continue. “Because when I think about it, Cas… I wouldn’t fly across the galaxy, either. Not if it meant having to say goodbye to you. I… I choose you over the little green men, too. And I want to prove it.”
“…and ended up on baby duty.” Dean shakes his head and laughs in response. Castiel has to grin. They’re speaking in tandem, experiencing that quick back-and-forth rapport that he witnessed in those two guys high-fiving in the store the other day. Castiel was confused as to why they should speak that easily with each other when it’s so hard for him to even form a sentence. He sees now that words come easier the longer you’ve known someone. Maybe, under the right circumstances, Dean might even give him a high-five.
“Feathers,” he says. “Take a few. They are powerful tools for ancient magic, and there are precious few left on this earth.”
Thank God Sam’s breathing has evened out, thank God he doesn’t look like he’s struggling as hard to stay sitting up anymore. When Dean helps him up and into the car, he can make the last few inches by himself. Small favors. Even if there’s nobody left above, Dean still thanks God… or whoever… for that.
But she doesn’t have much to say after that. Because then it turns out Dean’s mom was a hunter (and Charlie may just fist-pump a bit at that), and her family was a hunting family, and then that asshat of a yellow-eyed demon is involved, and she’s tearing up really hard when Mary makes the deal over John’s broken body.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Misha declares. “I’m a badass warrior angel and I don’t need any tips from you.”
Dean shrugs. “I was flirting with you,” he says, looking up at him now through half-lidded eyes. “Or trying. Like I said, I couldn’t get a reaction. So sue me, you’re cute.” He gives a halfhearted laugh. “I dig the method-actor thing. You’re intense, and I like it. It’s cool.”
He goes for anger. It’s easy. “What the hell are you doing?” When Castiel doesn’t answer, he fumbles for words for another moment, “I said, what are you doing? Didn’t I just tell you? Don’t use up your mojo if you can’t recharge, dude. Cut it out.”
“OK, now you’ve lost me.” Dean laughs a little. He can’t really afford much humor these days, but Cas wandering around his car talking in gobbledygook seems to draw it out of him. “Am I supposed to know what the hell you’re talking about?”
Cas becomes human in November, and it’s an unseasonably warm November, so when December comes whipping around the bend with its chilly winds, Cas promptly comes down with his first-ever flu. He’s in bed for a good week, and Rufus’ cabin isn’t the best-insulated place in the world, so he doesn’t do a lot of wandering around, even when he’s feeling well enough to stand up. Dean brings him chicken soup and tells him about the Christmas tree he and Sam bought the other day – “It’s huge, like, the mother of all Christmas trees” – and Cas tells him the tree is hardly meant to be the central focal point of the celebration of Jesus’ birth, and they shouldn’t go to all the trouble just to give Cas a nice first holiday.
“No.” Castiel finds himself smiling. “You’re right. It’s better for me to be out here. I’m learning more every day about what it means to be human, and the last thing I need is to get involved with demons again. Or angels, for that matter. I’m doing well just as I am.”
happened,” Dean says, taking Castiel’s hand and interlacing their fingers. “Don’t think I’d have had the guts to tell you, ya know.. if she hadn’t pushed me.”
A lurch of warmth buoys Dean’s heart, and he lifts his hand from Cas’s neck to place it on the crown of his head. He starts to hum again, and slides his hand back over Cas’s hair, nudging himself closer so he can rest his arm on Cas’s back. The same as last night, in reverse, and now Cas is starting to breathe evenly, tension and fear draining out of his muscles. And watching it, causing it, Dean starts to relax himself.
Sam comes with Gabriel’s cock wedged into his thigh and Gabriel’s fingers deep inside him, shouting, pistoning his hips forward and swallowing water with each gasped inhalation. It’s almost painful. He’s seeing stars. Gabriel holds him until he has control of his shaking knees again.
Dean cracks up, laughing hard enough to double over. Who knew? Turns out Cas is completely tone-deaf. “Oh, God, Cas,” he manages between peals of laughter, “I missed your sorry ass, you know that? Seriously, that was supposed to be Stairway to Heaven?” His stomach hurts, but he can’t stop chuckling. “Do me a favor. Never try and sing again.”
“Hell,” Dean feels the rumble of the sound in his throat. It takes him a minute to realize he’s the one speaking.
“How can I forget?” Castiel offers him a smile, but he feras it’s a sad one. “Angel radio is always on, Dean. I’m always hearing about souls passing, or disasters that require intervention, or … sometimes it’s just bureaucratic nonsense, but it’s always there.”
“Wait. You want me to pull out your feathers?” Dean’s lip curls. “Cas, I can’t do that. Won’t it hurt?”
And Castiel meant it as a joke, he truly did, but that tension still rolls over him in waves, and he wonders what would happen if he were to lean in and touch Dean’s mouth with his own. It’s the first time he’s considered such a notion, and the sudden reaction of his own body frightens him. He gets up, with the pretense of taking another beer, and when he sits back down he makes sure to keep a respectable distance.
Sam shakes his head and does as ordered. Dean follows, stomping along as they head back to the car with their newly human, banged-up friend. Jeez. Some people just have no priorities.
Next thing you know they’re sitting around that map table, which fell dark again as soon as the angels stopped falling (around 2 a.m. last night, it was a hell of an angel shower), and Dean’s got his hands over his ears and is scowling as he says, “You did, didn’t you? You were dreaming about somebody’s rack.”
Dean’s mouth is brutal on his, a kiss like a bite, predatory. Castiel grabs the edges of Dean’s jacket; Dean goes straight to unbuttoning Castiel’s shirt. They swap hot, brief kisses as they stumble toward the bed. Dean breathes curses in between each kiss – “fuck” and “holy shit” – and Castiel just pulls him in, pressing their mouths together to cut off the flow of words.
Castiel’s still sitting on the floor by the dying fire, turning over slivers of wood in his hand. It’s three a.m. Tomorrow they escort Sam to the mouth of hell.
A moment of tension and waiting, and then Castiel’s got him by the shoulder, the arm, the hip, pushing him back against the wall and trapping him there. His kiss sears Dean’s mouth. Dean’s legs go to water, and he fights just to keep his knees from buckling. Castiel’s tongue pushes into his mouth, and Dean licks back, trying to find his footing again.
He craves that calm more than he should. It’s the first he’s had in a long time, and it calls to him like alcohol does after a hunt, like a good stretch does when he’s been behind the wheel for hours. Something his body needs. And the craving comes up every time he looks at Cas, every time he remembers the feel of his hand closed over Cas’s hand, a silent promise made with a not-quite-handshake that yes, when the time comes, he will feel that closeness again.
Dean looks up again and tries to imagine he can see the planets too, a thousand little balls of possiblity rolling around in the heavens, a galactic game of marbles. “You ever go to any of them?” he asks.
Dean grins hard. “Right. No moment, nothing, you’re not jealous I’m paying attention to the other man in the room.”
The dog yaps happily at him. “Yeah, yeah,“ Dean says. “You’re cute, I get it. Just no climbing in bed with us at night.”
“Really, I can just have beer,” Aaron says, but the golem happily accepts the bottle. Dean notes with amusement that he drinks it from a wine glass, his little finger extended. For a guy made out of clay, he seems awfully relaxed in the hall of the Men of Letters… maybe it was just the old-fashioned trappings, but Dean was fairly sure he saw the big guy crack a smile.
What is he going to tell Dean? He can’t say to drop him off at the Gas-n-Sip, not at this hour of the night, or Dean will guess his secret. And he doesn’t think he can fool Dean into believing he owns one of the beautiful houses that line the streets in this area of town. He’s fumbling for the best possible lie when Dean gets in next to him, levels that crooked smile, and says, “Well? Name the place.”
“You know,” he says, his hand sweeping through the air in a frustrated little gesture. “Your… leftover angel mojo or whatever. I thought there’d be white light and fireworks.”
“It’s not going to be recharged, Dean,” Castiel says. He slides his hands over the hood of the car, leans forward and tips his head up, gazing at the stars. “It’s draining away from me with every action.”
Castiel steps into the room. “I waited downstairs with Sam,” he says. “We heard the sounds of your fight. The walls shook. And then silence, then one last—” He stops, spies the chair by Dean’s desk, and sits down. “And then silence.”
“Don’t you think I should ask him that?” Aaron turns to the golem. “Do you want a name? Do you want to be free?”
Dean gets up. “I’ll be right back,” he tells Benny, and jogs toward the edge of the clearing where Castiel waits. He needs to find out how strong Cas is now. How far he’s fallen. Pragmatic stuff, practicalities. The things that matter in purgatory.
And it’s the funniest thing – after Cas chuckles into his mouth, he sighs and falls limp, his fingers relaxing on Dean’s neck. Amazed, Dean keeps humming. He gets through a chorus before Cas dares to break him off. “That’s how that feels,” he says, soft. “I see.”
His face floods with color just thinking about it. Dean and mattresses, and how is Castiel supposed to continue this shopping trip without thinking about how Dean would look, all sleep-rumpled, waking up on his beloved memory foam mattress right next to him?
,” and when Castiel’s teeth land on the tortured flesh they’re sharp, like fangs. The pain rips through him, and everything is full and bloody and good. Like it was. Like it ought to be.
Dean had been the one to take her advice first, and ever since that first kiss, things have been good. At least, between them. The world has gone to crap, as Dean likes to say, but they have each other.
“You’re about as romantic as a tin can,” Dean says. “Go back inside if you want, I’m gonna watch the damn shooting stars.”
Benny follows his gaze, coughs. “So did he, as a matter of fact,” he says, and goes back to whittling the wooden stake he’s been working on.
Dean fights to find words. But Castiel doesn’t wait for them. He reaches out with his other arm, catches Dean by the waist and pulls him into a loose embrace. They’re nose to nose, and when Castiel exhales Dean can feel the warm puff of breath against his own lips.
Sam is leaning against the corner of the wall, with that goddamn I’m-so-smart smile on his face. Dean seriously considers punching him out before he has a chance to say another word.
“The hell I would!” Castiel expected this, too. He waits for Dean to come back to himself. Dean looks at the floor, scratches at his hairline, shakes his head. “You’re right,” he says, “I would. Damn it.” He’s trembling with frustration. Castiel wants to reach out, to comfort him with a steady hand, but he doesn’t think it would help.
And then it dims again, and the demons are gone, everything’s gone, the room is quiet, Sam is slumping back onto a chair and groaning, and Dean has Castiel by one arm and is kissing him hard.
“You’re not allowed to kill him,” Stiles says, raising his skinny arms and holding them wide, the worst goalie in history. Behind him, Derek, still reeling from the blow, looks up at the unfamiliar hunter through bleary eyes.
Dean doesn’t turn back. “Yeah, didn’t I just say that?” he says, shrugging. Ignoring the footstep he’s just heard behind him, the fact that he can almost feel the air warm just because Cas has moved a step closer. “Sure, dude. Help me get to sleep.”
“And– and trust me, it took some guts to get up the nerve to kiss you. So where are the freaking fireworks?”
"I remember you in heaven,” Samandriel says. “How moved you were, how convinced you were that free will and emotion were the keys to our new existence. Don’t you remember, Castiel? You were going to lead us into a new era.”
And what’s more right is Dean awake, eyes half-lidded, covers thrown off. He looks delicious there, shirt riding up so his stomach is showing, legs bent as he stretches them one by one. “Cas,” he murmurs, and reaches out both his hands.
But Dean doesn’t scream or run. Dean’s just.. intrigued. “A ghost, huh?” he says. “Okay.” And he lives with it.
“You’re taking a nap,” Benny says. “I’m not hitching a ride home on a human who can’t hold his head up. Sit.” He bares his fangs briefly, then turns away.
“He wasn’t supposed to.” Dean looks at Castiel. They’re pretty close together, brandishing twin shotguns packed with rock salt rounds. Castiel keeps looking down at his nervously.
something, just give her some clue as to what is to come of this, Castiel might be able to breathe again. As it is, she’s stuck somewhere between hope and despair.
Sam hopped indignantly. Castiel petted him, trying to soothe the tortured rabbit. “No, Dean,” he said, trying in vain to erase the lilt from his voice, “you haven’t. That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you. We’ve been cursed.”
“I restore and maintain classic cars.” And he charges an arm and a leg for it, and keeps a client list full of rich douchebags that want to own a classic without knowing a thing about cars. Dean can’t imagine owning one of those things without wanting to immerse yourself in knowledge about every little detail and how all the parts fit together, but that’s the nice thing about his job. He gets to tinker with beautiful machines, and doesn’t have to put up the expense of actually owning them.
Dean is quiet for a long time. He just stares, taking in the sight. Castiel is ready to prod him to say something, anything when he finally speaks. “Man,” he says, and lets out a sigh. “Man, that’s rough.”
Sam just plows ahead. “You could have saved me any number of times. You could have warned me. You could have stopped me. Now I’m in a hospital bed.” He gestures at his bedridden self. “And now you decide to come and give me hell?” He crosses his arms over his chest, if only to keep from trashing the room, he’s so miffed. “What are you really here for?”
“It’s part of the human experience of the season. That was the point of hanging the decorations to begin with, right? To help me learn ‘what it’s all about’?”
Now it’s Dean’s eyes that are going to bug out. He can see the thing in his peripheral vision, little wings flapping quick as his heartbeat, which he can feel pulsing in his chest. God, can the thing feel him trembling? Can it sense fear? Is it gonna leave an awful red mark on his face? Is it just sizing him up before it strikes?
His face is too intense. Castiel looks down, and notices Dean has one hand clenched into a fist. “Dean,” he starts, but can’t find the rest of the words he needs.
