He hadn't looked at them in a very long time. He wasn't sure if he wanted to do so now. He had locked that part of his life in the past, buried the pain, burned the letter that had come from John six months ago without reading it.
Perhaps Sherlock's fingers fumbled just a bit at his waistband, his breath shallow as the
“Must be on a case,” he’d say, pushing his phone back into his pocket. On the train back home he'd check his phone several more times.
A wave of unexpected joy flowed over Sherlock. After all the years of invitations to visit, John had finally come. They had made no promises in London, parting on open-ended terms, no strings attached. When John was awarded the literary prize he had been nominated for, Sherlock had sent a warm note of congratulations, no pleas, no pressure.
Sherlock lifted his shoulders in an elegant shrug. “The manager offered several more days of accomodation at no cost. I don’t see why we shouldn’t make a little holiday out of it.”
John looked at it suspiciously. “Who brought this?”
Sherlock's hand twines over John's where it grasps the coat, the fingers of John’s other hand come to rest tentatively at the base of Sherlock's neck just inside the opening of his shirt collar.
Sherlock gazed at him over the rim of his tea cup. “You have your moments.”
There was an insufferably long pause, but at last a deadbolt clicked and the door cracked open. John peered at him without saying anything, then turned back into the room, letting the door swing open wider on its own.
John felt a strange sense of disappointment, as if a scoop of ice cream he’d been looking forward to licking had suddenly dropped to the floor. But then another thought came to him. John stared at his nearly empty glass, slowly beginning to piece together a pattern out of Sherlock’s behavior.
There was a hole in Sherlock’s t-shirt, a small rip along the side caused by the fabric catching on a drawer handle or a seam wearing out, John didn’t really know. He’d noticed it about a week ago, a little flash of pale flesh revealed when Sherlock moved in a particular way, a peek of skin on his flank, that territory of firm muscle between the ribs and the hip.
John glanced up at Sherlock, perplexed.
Sherlock can read through Mycroft’s stilted words and knows he’s flustered by Sherlock’s praise. For some reason, he misses his overbearing brother. “Maybe I’ll have dinner with you at your stodgy old club when I’m back.”
“There's only one thing I want to unpack.” John’s hand slid suggestively to Sherlock's crotch, rubbing him through his trousers.
Their feet are close beneath the table, their knees almost touching, a current passing between them. John’s blue eyes are inky in this light, stubble shadowing his jaw. Sherlock could gaze at him for hours, amazed that he’s real and within arm’s reach.
This time a shadow wavered across the window and the drapes drew back. John took in a sharp breath when he recognized the angles of Sherlock’s face. John stepped into the wan light and waved an arm, smiling when he saw the surprise on Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock takes his seat and glances at the side table that had fallen over earlier, idly wondering how the trick had been engineered. Then his attention freezes on the Scrabble board. “Did you do this?”
John felt the familiar sweet tension building in his own body, ratcheted even tighter with the knowledge that Sherlock was about to come. He thrusted harder, racing after that white exploding heat.
American accent. Brash.
Sherlock’s hands stilled. He was listening.
He swallowed, forcing himself to count the tiny tiles on the floor, blocking out Sherlock's groans and sighs, ignoring his own involuntary grunts and exhalations. Why, he wondered, did Sherlock book their massages together? Maybe they were the only openings the spa had left for the day. Still, this was unexpectedly intimate, the low light, soft music, glowing candles...
“Did you go outside?” she asks.
I stared out the train window. I knew about Sherlock’s past drug use, information Harry had shared with me along with her own story of alcoholism. She certainly didn’t glamorize any of it for me.
John lifted his eyes, his wounded pride fighting with his desire to tell Sherlock everything. He couldn't answer.
*****
He’s got to pull himself together. He can’t fuck this up. He opens the door, switches on the foyer light. “It’s just upstairs,” he announces, then mounts the steps, conscious of every creak the wood makes.
They finally drifted apart, breathing heavily, the susurration of the waves the only other sound. Emboldened, Sherlock slipped his hand between John’s legs, palming the bulge beneath the thin cloth of his swim trunks.
“It’s delicious,” John praised. He lifted his coffee mug and took a sip, the sheet slipping from his forearm. Sherlock wanted to run his hand along the muscles of his arm, feel the soft golden hair under his fingertips.
John casts him a sidelong glance. “You really can’t think of anything else?”
The shower stopped just as the kettle began to boil. John listened for the sink filling, heard the tap of the razor against the porcelain as he prepared the tea, making it strong and milky sweet the way Sherlock liked it.
Afterward, they laid tangled together in the sheets, their chests rising and falling, shiny with perspiration. Sherlock turned to look at John, a smile forming on his lips, his gaze soft.
It was Thursday, Thanksgiving Day, when John was ready to return his edits to Sherlock. The town was practically shuttered, everyone off to visit friends and family and feast on turkey dinners.
But the slow stroke down the tie. Sherlock melting into my dad, needing him. Their hands wrapping over wrist and nape…
He’s so tired of hearing himself say that when he knows it isn't true. But the people he needs are bound to others who need them more. He's truly alone again, which was what he thought he’d always wanted, only it isn't.
“Take me in your mouth,” Sherlock growled, pushing down on John's shoulders, groaning when the wet heat slid over his cock, John crouching, lapping and sucking, his fingers working in time with his mouth.
It wasn't that surprising, I guess. First of all, he was really busy, and second, having your wife leave you would probably ruin the whole idea of girlfriends and marriage.
He wondered what John was doing at this moment, if he was awake and staring at the same sliver of moon. There hadn't been a letter from John in months, just a Christmas card with a few lines. He'd sent a card as well, a quick note dashed inside. What if they were running out of things to say?
He pulled on his clothes and went downstairs to the kitchen to make breakfast. There was no sign of Sherlock.
“Did you forget something?” John asked, standing a little distance from the car.
But it had felt like so much more… Like they had a special connection. They were so raw and demanding with each other one moment, then gentle and vulnerable the next, their bodies fervent conduits for something else running deep and unspoken… Two halves of a whole... almost like soulmates...
“I suppose so,” Sherlock grinned. His expression gradually grew more serious. “I've missed you.” His hand edged closer to John's on the leather seat, not quite touching. “I can't believe we're really here. I’ve been thinking about it for two months. About you.”
“Most are,” Sherlock agreed.
It doesn’t make any sense.
"I gathered that." Sherlock was silent for a moment. "Is this all because of the peas?"
Once the meeting was adjourned, John immediately headed to his office to catch up on grading. He had just put on his glasses when Sherlock appeared at the door. John frowned. It wasn’t his turn for the office.
Sherlock’s phone rings, ruining the moment, and he closes his eyes briefly in frustration. He snatches it from his inner pocket.
“Cloves… Botanical name.” Sherlock’s mouth hovered near John's ear. “You smell so good,” he nipped lightly on John's earlobe, “I could eat you.”
Sherlock rubbed his foot against John's. “Will you stay there?”
John swallows, caught off guard, and struggles to remember what he knows about vampires. “Well, they’re creatures of the night, pale and elegant. They’re immortal, yet vulnerable to sunlight and wooden stakes through the heart.”
John held a pen in his hand, his chair pulled up to the small table in his room, poised to compose a letter to Sherlock -- and couldn't think of what to say. Nothing really had happened since he'd last written. Yes, he'd been made captain and the rainy season had ended, but nothing else of interest came to mind.
“Sherlock,” I call out toward the closed door of his bedroom. “Are you almost ready?”
“You see through me, don't you?” Sherlock murmurs. He gently touches her cheek, plump and soft as a peach, then pulls his hand away, leaving John and Mary's flat without a word.
“It’s fine,” John reassures Molly, shooting Sherlock a stern glance. “It’s good for morale. Besides, none of the patients down here are going to complain, right?”
“I’ll be in the sitting room if you need me,” John added, just about to close the door.
John slowed, clearly aware of Sherlock's aroused state, and looked up. Sherlock vacillated between wanting John to continue his attentions and wanting him to stop.
Their shoulders nudge closer, knees touching, fingers brushing. John tilts his head up slightly, Sherlock slowly lowers his mouth.
Instead, he remembers reading somewhere that ghosts supposedly feed off of energy -- electricity, phone batteries, strong emotions: anger, fear, jealousy… desire.
A corner of Sherlock's mouth lifted, his eyes glinting wickedly. “As you please, Mr. Watson.”
“How stunning,” Sherlock says, unimpressed. “What did you find?”
He walks faster, trying to outdistance the darkness seeping in through the cracks he's so carefully mended. A black mist climbs up his spine, closing around the back of his brain. He calculates how much cash he's carrying, how quickly he could inject this pain away.
Sherlock’s mouth went dry. “There’s nothing to confess.”
The cab pulls away. Tomorrow, John will go to work at the hospital and Olivia will go to school. Sherlock will haunt the morgue and harangue some lowly desk sergeant at the Yard, interrogate a witness, and find more reasons to text John.
Sherlock smoked, watching John interact, smiling, doling out his attention magnanimously, making everyone feel special. It was like watching a magician work. Only Sherlock suspected there was any sleight of hand involved.
“You've never been married, have you?” I blurted out the question without any context, but he took it in stride.
Sherlock groaned luxuriously, inhaling suddenly at the sensation of John's fingertip teasing his entrance, then slipping inside him. His back arched in response, a flood of new nerves aroused.
The dedication -- it’s beautiful, Sherlock finally said. It’s for you, for our summer. I’ll never forget it. Neither will I.
“Years of lessons, along with the violin,” Sherlock answered, tossing the butt away. “Mother ensured that we were civilized.”
John was wary. “Are you serious?”
Matthew and I were now a thing, whatever that meant. Basically, it was hanging out when we had time between schoolwork and swimming and worrying about our futures, which would likely diverge into two different paths once we left school.
John trailed his fingers down Sherlock's arm, a melancholy in his voice. “Only two more weeks until I go back to New York.”
Dad glowered over the top of my head and I turned to see Sherlock standing in the doorway. He swooped down to place a quick peck on my cheek, then crossed to the cupboard to take down another tea cup, his long fingers sliding along Dad’s shoulder as he passed by.
John rests his hands on his knees. “Why do you think that?”
He turns, wanting to greet John properly, and is surprised to see no one is there. Uncertain, he reaches out, his hand making contact with what he thinks is an arm. “John?”
“Would it help to know the information provided in your photos may save several lives?”
“Gaea, the earth goddess, sent a giant scorpion to kill him.”
Sherlock held his gaze, time finally seeming to slow. “I want to sleep with you tonight.”
Sherlock glanced up, smiled.
There’s a pause. “Not much, I’m afraid. We keep running into dead ends. I’m confident something will turn up.”
John presses into him, the tip slipping inside. Sherlock’s mouth forms an O, adjusting to the sensation. He feels a lubricating slickness and he briefly wonders how that’s possible. Is it ectoplasm? Bloody hell, what does it matter? He’s fucking a ghost, so anything is possible.
John clearly was not in the mood for small talk, so he would cut right to the matter. “Yesterday, I was caught off guard. It was something of a shock to see you again. I may have been… unwelcoming.”
But Sherlock simply leaned back in his chair and sipped at his drink, shifting his gaze to the window.
Tonight, surprisingly, he feels a twinge of loneliness. His thoughts drift back to Sherlock, wishing he was here to share a glass of wine, maybe play one of those ridiculous board games, maybe watch
“Neutral zone.”
John missed it all because he had stormed out of the flat three days ago after a furious argument and had not returned.
Sherlock didn’t know how to answer, so he reached back to place his hand on John’s thigh. John pressed closer, his palm sliding down to cover Sherlock’s sternum.
He barely registers the glittery flecks of fire dancing around the bed, can only note how odd it is before his pent-up body takes over, striving for release. He clutches John's arse, tips his hips up, seeking, grinding, throbbing, coming with an intense pulse.
He doesn't like hiding the truth from Liv, but he's trying to protect her. She's barely 9. He doesn't want to see her hurt by malicious gossip or, God forbid, endangered in any way. He doesn't want her to get too close. If Sherlock were to disappear or get himself killed--
Sherlock slowly lowers his head, tentatively brushing his lips against John’s, kissing him for the first time and the thousandth time. John’s mouth is warm, inviting another caress. Sherlock’s eyes flutter shut as John deepens the kiss, twining his fingers into his hair.
Anthea furrowed her brow, and John continued. “He's either private security or a spook.”
And his own reaction to this house, to this ghost story -- he wasn't as immune to it as he thought he was, long-buried memories stirring again.
He pretended to read several pages of a book, the words a blur as he recited the periodic table of elements in his head, mathematical formulas, anything dry and logical to distract and redirect his thoughts away from sex.
“Sorry. I should have--”
“Their nickname for you,
Sherlock glances into the corner of the room, then at the bottle. “You saw the ghost?”
John's mouth quirked up at the fashionably bored greeting, surprised at the deepness of Sherlock's voice. He noticed that Sherlock hadn't bothered to remove his sunglasses. Rather a rude fellow. He switched his gaze back to Molly. “What are you up to today?”
So one of my first inspirations for telling this story has to do with structure -- note what the very first and very last words of the story are. Sort of their relationship in a nutshell.
“What if -- what if some things can't be explained?”
His face. And those damned eyes that nearly made his knees buckle.
John shrugged. "My mum taught us the basics. And I worked in a restaurant the summer before going to uni. Didn't last long there, although I learned a few tricks." He forked up a bite of potatoes. "Didn't you ever learn to cook?"
John looked around once more. He owned very little, so was not concerned about the lack of space for his things. “This could do nicely.”
Sometimes I’d stare at the wall covered with Sherlock’s case notes, a maze of clippings and photos and receipts and ticket stubs and maps, trying to decipher what he saw in all the mess.
Sherlock blinks at John, then crinkles his nose in confusion.
“When exactly did you do that?”
Sherlock silently absorbs this short biography. He needs to know one important detail. “What was his first name?”
I pulled open the door and curled into a ball on the back seat, my eyes stinging with tears in the darkness.
“Actually, we’re staying here tonight.”
John grinned. “I gather she said more than that.”
“You used to like them,” Mycroft muses. “When we were young.”
I didn't blink, my senses seeming to pass through the thin panes. The stifling bedroom would smell musky, their sweat-slicked skin would taste of salt.
“What of it?” Sherlock huffed, growing irritated.
Trashcan John Watson -- he'll take your number and promise to call, then shag the cute guy he's been pining after for ages.
John notices the keys and tries to lighten the moment. “Never thought you'd be a landlord.”
“Sherlock --” John halted, afraid, his verbal brain freezing. He stopped thinking, tipping toward Sherlock, crossing the distance between them.
************
“Yes, I think I would.”
The other guests mill about, chatting, laughing, eating cake topped with pastel icing, balloons and streamers bobbing and fluttering. Sherlock appraises the baby in the bassinet, and she gazes back at him from her cloud of white blankets.
A cup slips from his hand and breaks loudly in the sink. Olivia and Sherlock both look up, startled. John stares dumbly at the sharp fragments.
Sherlock says nothing, still trying to rationalize what he'd experienced upstairs. He kneels by the fireplace, busies himself with logs and kindling, strikes a long match from a container on the mantle. John silently mops up the scotch with a tea towel that had been folded on the table.
He knew even Molly's friendship with them raised some eyebrows, people speculating whether he or Sherlock was her boyfriend. At the moment, that honor went to Constable Dimmock. Molly tried to make light of it, knowing that Sherlock didn't think highly of him. They occasionally had a drink as a group, John and Molly trying to keep Sherlock's little digs at Dimmock in check.
“Lovely,” she said again. “I'll have the prints ready for you in two days.”
Her brunette hair was bobbed short, a few loose ends wisping around her face. She turned her head and laughed at the young man riding alongside. Sherlock didn't recognize him. Light brown hair, a quick smile, square jaw, muscled forearms. He was tanned, athletic. Likely a tourist.
mattered to Sherlock, that
He idly wondered what John's chest felt like, how hard his thighs were, how soft the arch of his foot would be. His curiosity had slowly blossomed into desire. He couldn’t help but imagine how they might fit together, hip-to-hip, arms and legs entwined.
“He was working on some award applications today. Deadlines are coming up. A nice cash prize would really give him the time needed to finish his manuscript.” He swirled his drink, took a sip, grimacing with approval. He held up his glass. “Want one? We can sit outside, talk a little.”
Sherlock receives John's mouth like a blessing, closing his eyes, cupping John's face in his palms, thanking a god he doesn't believe in for this moment.
“Don’t.”
“You said ‘Victor.’” John stopped twisting the door knob. “You knew a Victor at university, didn't you?”
John sighed, closing his eyes. He didn't like talking about it. But he would, for Sherlock. “In Afghanistan, we were on patrol, all very routine, no action in that sector for weeks. Maybe we got sloppy… But we were ambushed.” He paused, collecting his thoughts.
“Then you ought to come inside,” John invited, stepping out of the way.
The candle flickers when Sherlock sets it on a nearby table. His shirt slips off his shoulders as he slides next to John again, his mouth honing in on John's.
“The truth will out,” John quoted philosophically, leaning back in his chair. He stretched and their knees bumped, sending a jolt of unexpected electricity up their legs. They could have pulled back, mumbled an apology, moved on to the next subject. But they didn’t. Their legs lingered, making the lightest contact, a thin, hot current betraying their own secrets.
The rest of the afternoon passed uneventfully. Molly and John took a small rowboat that belonged to Molly's family out onto the lake, while Sherlock stretched out on the blanket, leisurely smoking, his eyes hidden behind his sunglasses again.
I knew what I was doing was wrong and invasive and despicable, but after all the years of lonely suspicions, I needed to know. I had to have irrefutable proof. And deep down, I felt entitled to spy, hurt that they'd kept me shut out of their secret, thinking me too immature to trust.
Sherlock tries to calm his nerves. “And she gave me some excellent advice.” He takes a sip of coffee, biding his time. “You have an exceptional daughter.”
“No,” Sherlock said, meeting John's gaze again, “it wasn't a mistake. I’m glad we did it.”
“I’m looking for Doctor Hooper.”
“Quite so.”
“Not any more.” Sherlock leaned back against the headboard.
“Whatever you want. Just nothing with peas.”
They were a handsome family, based on the few pictures on display. A black and white wedding photo of a beaming Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, a picture of the young Holmes boys playing on a beach somewhere, a few cute baby pictures, a stiff family portrait when Sherlock was maybe 18 and obviously not wanting to be there.
He isn't prepared for the flood of memories surging back -- John's stag night, both drunk, John's hand grasping his knee, impulses half recognized, almost acted on, ultimately thwarted. If only they'd said something, done something that night, before it was too late.
John looked at him more closely, finding a hesitant vulnerability in Sherlock eyes that he'd never seen before. John's heart beat a little faster. This was it, this was his chance.
“Just put your feet together,” John answered. Sherlock did as he was told, and John guided his prick between Sherlock's legs. He pushed slowly into the tight gap between his thighs, Sherlock letting out a sharp breath at the contact. John leaned forward, his lips tickling the back of Sherlock's ear. “Have you ever heard of thigh fucking?”
Sherlock’s face flushed and he turned to put the violin back in its case. “I’ve been playing music since I was six.”
Sherlock sat impatiently at the cafe table, adding too much sugar to his tea and snapping off the corner of a ginger biscuit while he waited for a contact to collect a heavy packet of documents from him. It was for a case Mycroft had asked him to take, quietly exhuming the life history of a minor politician -- schools, travels, love affairs, the lot. Sherlock pressed for additional details on what exactly he should be looking for, but Mycroft refused to divulge more information.
“Now I know you two have a bit of a rivalry,” Mike continued diplomatically. “I mean, that argument you two had during the panel session at the Barcelona conference two years ago — who could forget that? I still see clips of that going around. Legendary.” Mike sighed fondly at the memory, not noticing the deadly glance John aimed at Sherlock. “Anyway, I think you’ll both bring much-needed energy to this department, stir things up, get students pumped up about science and criminology. You two are the best in the field! Now you’re here together—what an exciting opportunity for collaboration!”
Sherlock spooned more sugar into his coffee and stirred it methodically, glancing up. “How's the leg?”
John hesitated, not sure what to make of this demand. But why not go for it?
He could see Sherlock’s throat move as he swallowed.
“Hmph,” Sherlock huffs, pretending to be offended. “Only because we’ve met before.”
John dutifully walks over to briefly peer into the bathroom. “That’s quite a door,” he remarks. “It’s a bit… not opaque.”
The rest of the evening passes uneventfully, and Sherlock is secretly relieved that Dimmock is on duty downstairs. He’s not concerned that someone is lurking in the house — no decent criminal would want to be caught yet, not when the fun is just starting — but he does feel better having Dimmock around for Hannah’s peace of mind.
Sherlock finally picked up the phone. “Sherlock Holmes speaking.”
“So you don't fuck all of your assignments?”
Sherlock smiles back, his eyes warm, enjoying John’s delight.
Sherlock touched the back of his head as if self-conscious. “Yes, well, bit shorter than I asked for.”
It was agonizing, trying to feign aloofness, when what John really wanted to do was rip the shirt off Sherlock's back and put his mouth all over that hot skin. His cock twitched at the thought.
John grins, running his palm over the muscles of Sherlock's back, down to grasp one firm buttock. “No complaints.” His hand roams, his voice suggestive. “I recommend some bed rest for that knee. How about I examine you tomorrow… Maybe initiate some physical therapy?”
Sherlock hung at the back of the room, watching his parents, Uncle Rudy, and several neighbors chatting over food and drinks, the fireplace burning, the tree decked in garland.
Sherlock rose from his chair and crossed over to John, taking him by the hand. John stood facing Sherlock, a smile playing on his lips.
pragmatic. That's quite a combination.”
“No, it was my leg. Well, my shoulder, actually. I was injured and sent home.”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock replied, handing him the letter.
John frowned. “That's not exactly enthusiastic praise.”
He used to dream about evenings like this, wishing himself away from crowded barracks and desert heat and sweaty bodies, fantasizing about a cozy room and a good book, snow falling outside, ensconced in blissful solitude.
John smiled. “It’s my treat in return for the excellent Thanksgiving dinner.”
Sherlock half expects a book to go flying across the room, but everything remains quiet.
John kept his eyes on his hands. “Because it didn't end well with Victor?”
John was surprised, needing a moment to respond. “You’re sure?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sorry — it’s just, I’ve never seen you like this,” John apologized. “It’s quite a change.”
I certainly didn't get all emotional there at the end.  *sniffs loudly*
“Could be.”
“C’mon,” John laughed, pulling at the covers. “There's a whole city out there, just waiting for us. Besides,” John added, dropping a kiss on Sherlock’s neck, “we’ll be back here tonight.”
“Christ,” Sherlock echoed, muffled against John’s neck, realizing their promise to take things slowly had just been turned to ashes. The covers lay tangled around them, the room musty with the scent of sex.
John monitored Sherlock’s appraisal, catching the exact moment Sherlock noticed the scar on his left shoulder: a narrowing of eyes, the quick calculations of what might have happened.
“Sherlock? John? Are you in there?” Molly’s concerned voice pierces the door, shattering their bubble of frenzied groping.
John met his eyes across the table. "I don't mind."
“Of course! Mother insists. Besides, I was going to invite you anyway.”
“Here -- look for yourselves.” She gripped the corner of the sheet, then hesitated. “You’re prepared to see this, right?”
His thumbs pressed into John’s collarbones as he lifted, sank, breathing out, rising up, down, John's hands cupping his arse like a sacred object, shadows playing over the flexing muscles of Sherlock's naked back.
Surprise shimmered across Sherlock’s face, and John stepped closer, drawn to him. “You are insufferable at times, but I wouldn't have it any other way.”
“I couldn't save her.” John spoke almost to himself, remembering the long vigil by her bed, feeling powerless to help as she slipped away. “I was the senior physician and I couldn't do a damn thing to stop it.”
“And?”
He was a middle-aged man, for Christ’s sake, John chided himself. Why was he acting like a nervous teenager?
“Molly will be there,” John added, sensing his discomfort. “You know her, right?”
He gripped the oars again and started rowing, chastising himself. He needed to study and prepare for the Army. He couldn't afford to treat everything like a game or size up every pretty face as a potential conquest. He needed to grow up.
John held his breath, not daring to anticipate what Sherlock might say next.
Sherlock circles the skeletons, one about his own height, the other noticeably shorter. “One male, one female?”
Sherlock opened the door before I could frantically ring the bell, somehow predicting the precise time of my arrival.
The edge of the desk bit into the back of his thighs. He imagined the line pressed into his skin, the telltale red seam imprinted just beneath his buttocks gradually fading as they sipped Earl Grey in the library, John's lips innocently blowing across the top of his tea cup, that same mouth now doing lascivious things to his cock, the scent of their quick tryst still lingering on their fingers.
The next Friday night, Sherlock was greeted with the scent of shallots simmering in butter as he climbed the stairs to the flat. Through the open door he could see John standing stocking-footed in the kitchen again, sleeves pushed back, dropping a handful of dry pasta into a pot of rapidly boiling water. There was music again, jazz. Chet Baker.
“Where did you move my laptop?”
John stood back, lifting his hand in a wave as he watched her drive away. He looked at his palm again with a mix of pride and melancholy before pulling on his gloves.
John rolled a quarter turn, an elbow propped next to Sherlock's ribs, a palm smoothing down his shoulder and arm, continuing to his hip. He would never get his fill of tracing the contours of Sherlock's body, the hard bones and sleek muscles and plush curves.
Dad and Sherlock were standing by the boot of the car. I could see them partially reflected, just their arms and torsos. Surely they had to be almost done.
John swishes the razor in the sink, stretches his back, steps in again between Sherlock's spread knees. He resumes on Sherlock's right side, gliding the razor beneath the curve of cheekbone. His intensity begins to relax, his hands are steady.
“Ah. Yes, they are. A worthwhile indulgence.” He slipped them back into his pocket and turned away to hang up his coat.
“Don’t be a dick,” John warns Sherlock, moving the ladder to hang a string of orange lights.
“Damn it.” Sherlock dabbed impatiently at the wound, traces of red streaking his fingers.
“I’ll take your coat.” Sherlock held out his hand, and John shrugged off his jacket. As Sherlock hung his things up in the closet, John looked around, amazed at the overstuffed furniture, art nouveau-inspired wallpaper, overflowing bookshelves, and crackling fireplace. It was charmingly cozy.
you.”
He passed a 24-hour pharmacy and slowed, reminded that he lacked some basic personal items. He entered the store and roamed the aisles until he found what he was looking for.
“Can't ski in this.” He waved a hand toward his suit.
John turns Sherlock by the hips to face the tile wall, pushing him forward with a gentle pressure on the back of his neck. Sherlock bends slightly at the waist, his forearms braced against the wall, his arse jutting out behind him. A glide of palm down his back tells him he’s standing just where John wants him.
Rain tapped against the windows, the sky a leaden grey. Sherlock was stretched out on the sofa half dozing, half watching an old black-and-white film on television. It was a sleepy Sunday, John working on his manuscript in a nearby chair, Sherlock's father reading a book in another.
“Kettle’s already on.”
Sherlock knows he’s referring to more than bringing the phone. He places his lips on John's shoulder, hoping to convey something beyond words. He would walk through fire for John, and for Olivia. They are an unlikely triad, with John as the pivot point. “Of course.”
They must have known each other, John Watson and William Holmes. They appeared in the same photo, even though Holmes wasn’t part of the RAMC. That meant they were probably acquaintances, or friends. Possibly more.
Sherlock wiped dust from the fender. “Maybe you should join the police. You did more work than Dimmock.”
“Thanks.” Sherlock ends the call and opens the photo. He gazes at it for a long time. It is, without a doubt, the same young man from the group photo. Dark wavy hair, high cheekbones, haughty expression. William Holmes. It’s like looking into a mirror.
John stopped. “Is it easy for you?”
“Hm. Yes. We all get used to it. We all focus. Until we lose sight of everything.”
The crooked smile again, but this time triumphant. John complies, lowering his head, taking him in, and slides down, down, then pulls up, slow, slow.
John eased his finger in further while slowly taking him deeper in his mouth, his gaze unwavering. Sherlock let out a helpless whimper, melting under John's touch.
I love Halloween far too much. Hope you enjoyed this little haunted smut break!
Dad curved a hand around the nape of Sherlock's neck and held him there, silent, pressed together, breathing in unison, taking refuge for a few minutes more.
As soon as the piece was finished, he pushed past the flushed faces and admiring comments. He brushed John's elbow and tilted his head toward the door, signaling that he should follow in a few minutes.
He half-watches a crime show, the volume set at a low murmur. A key scraping in the lock rouses him when he's almost asleep.
It’s John who makes it a home, John who brings takeaway and milk and tidies up, who listens to his theories and challenges his assumptions, who watches over him like the guardian angel in that old film.
He shrugged off his jacket and loosened his tie, stripping it roughly from his neck, throwing them in a bundle into the back seat. Undoing the top button of his shirt, he started the car, his nerves jangling with excitement. The night ahead was full of unknowns, and he was ready to be swept along wherever they took him.
Sherlock grabbed the rag and cleaned off his hand, then dabbed at his legs. John bent down and fished a handkerchief from his pocket. He wiped off his cock, then the table. They quickly dressed and stuffed the rag and hanky deep into a rubbish bin set near the door.
Sherlock stares into the dark, dazed by what just happened. Is he asleep or awake? He presses his hand against his fading erection, his arousal unsatisfied. A fog of melancholy fills him, regret and sadness for something he can’t name, but traceable to what he saw in Captain Watson’s eyes.
“Hi.” Sherlock had nothing more original to say, but it was all that was needed. He could feel John’s gaze lingering on his open shirt collar that covered the mark on his throat.
Sherlock hands John a stone perfect for skipping. “You should.”
Sherlock grasps John’s arms, needing to feel the reality of his muscles and bones, a gesture that John mistakes as a rebuff.
John didn’t dare look up, but could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him.
John soon joined him, carrying an armload of wood. “Find some kindling, would you?”
“Of course. But I didn't exactly bring my -- oh.”
Amusement flickered across Sherlock’s face. “Interesting word, kink. It can mean a curl, a quirk, or a cramp.” His voice lowered an octave. “Or an unconventional sexual fantasy or behavior.”
“I might have something later, at home. Take your time,” he added.
I broke off a piece of a biscuit and crumbled it between my fingers. “But I wasn’t lying.”
They walk to the door and lift their coats from the hooks.
He closed his eyes and briefly wondered where John was. Maybe working at the surgery. He filled in for a few hours every now and then, sometimes more if one of the doctors was going to be absent for a longer stretch of time.
The kisses went on and on, alternating between feathery and heated and languid.
We're gone.”
“No one would believe this,” John grinned, “the two of us in bed.”
John stops him gently with his own hand. “It’s alright.”
“Professor Holmes has a pet theory that the solution to a crime is never twins,” John continued. “Obviously, that’s just not true.”
John refuses to be chastised and gladly follows Sherlock to a cafe along the shady side of the street. Sherlock reads a newspaper while John continues to people watch and sip sangria. He's relaxed and in a generous mood, finding something pleasing in everything he sees.
There's not even time to answer before Sherlock pushes himself off of John and disappears inside the house. He soon returns, a lit candle in one hand, a bottle of lube in the other.
John smiled, relaxing a little. “I’m told I can be charming.”
Relief washes over Sherlock, then words spill out.
Their eyes meet in the glass and his heart — William’s heart — quickens.
Guess what? I'm a fool for bittersweet angst and have written a companion piece to this story from John and Sherlock's POV:
Sherlock shrugged. “I'm sorry.”
John’s eyes widened. He hadn’t seriously considered it before, but the way she was smiling at Sherlock now …
He wanted it to last forever.
He smiled. “It's what I do, knowing things.”
Molly looked excited, then crestfallen. “I'd love to, but I can't. My parents will be back soon.”
“Not you two, of course,” Mr. Holmes amended quickly. “I’ve got a crew coming in tomorrow to start digging. Sorry they couldn't help with the unloading today. The timing never quite lines up perfectly on these sorts of projects, does it? Now, you boys should go in and wash up for tea.”
“Damn knee,” he mutters.
John trails his fingers over the curve of a collar bone; he can feel Sherlock’s pulse thrumming just beneath his fingertips, his heart quickening at his touch. Sherlock’s hands hang loose at his sides, willingly subdued, waiting.
John shook his head at how quickly he was getting carried away. He should take it slow, not get his hopes up, and be prepared for rejection, be it polite or rude. Their history was not exactly friendly, and a part of him feared that their recent truce was temporary. Maybe they were only getting along because they were both outsiders. Maybe once the year was over and they were back in England, they’d go right back to their bitter rivalry.
I tilted my head at him. “You too.” He remained annoyingly handsome, his dark hair shot through with silver lending him a distinguished air.
“Yeah…” Dimmock shoved his hands into his pockets, frowning. “So do my parents. And they've been married for 25 years.”
John nods. That's how it is for him, too -- second by second, minutes into hours, hours into days. It’s getting better, incrementally. The rawness of grief and regret is slowly healing, scarring over.
“What was his name again?”
He watched John slide the paper into his pocket. “Wherever they send you… don't get yourself killed.”
A guttural whimper escaped from Sherlock’s lips, his hands reaching for John's waist.
He sidles up to the food and inspects the cupcakes, crisps, marshmallow ghosts, chocolate eyeballs, and other salty and sugary treats. He sneaks several chocolates and a ginger biscuit, then sniffs at a bowl of ominous-looking red punch, detecting vodka and tequila. An unfortunate combination.
Dimmock bent down to give her a chaste kiss on the cheek. “You must be thirsty after all that,” he said. “I'll get us something to drink. Be right back.”
John bolted from the copy room, stuffing the quizzes into his bag as he hurried down the stairs, swinging onto his bicycle he’d left propped against the building. He rode home quickly, his legs burning as he pedaled furiously uphill, his chest still tingling where it had made contact with Sherlock’s body.
Sherlock rests his chin on his steepled fingers. “How’s your leg?” he asks, predicting John’s answer.
Sherlock sighed. “I did.”
He flinched, as if I'd caught him doing something wrong. “No. I'm sure he's fine. He knows how to take care of himself.”
He let out a long sigh, stretching out, thighs sinking under the surface, his head resting against the wall. He closed his eyes and tried to clear his mind, tried to let thoughts ripple by unnoticed, but the argument with John lingered, persistent, replaying in his mind.
He pushed one of Sherlock’s thighs higher, thrusting deeper.
Sherlock demurs, surprised at the praise. He doesn’t have time to adequately respond because the cab comes to a stop in front of the flat. He pays the driver then pulls out his keys, suddenly nervous. He can’t recall how messy the kitchen and sitting room are, or the last time the spare bedroom was cleaned. What if he left something unpleasant out on the table, or if it smells like chemicals and cigarettes? What if John doesn’t take the room?
“Twenty.” Sherlock estimated that John was two or three years older.
“Actually,” Molly continues thoughtfully, “there should be two skeletons up there. John, would you mind bringing down the other one?”
“Oh, it will take all night,” Sherlock assures him.
Captain Watson smiles slightly, then his eyes darken. He slides his hand higher to Sherlock’s thigh. It’s an intimate gesture, and Sherlock stares dumbly at the fingers curled around his leg. He can feel the touch through the blankets, cold, almost electric, a mild current.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sounds horrible.”
John put his wine glass down. “I got shot.”
Mycroft smiled at his spoon. “Oh, Sherlock. How I've missed that juvenile wit of yours.”
He should have approached Sherlock more delicately, slowly insinuated his attraction, telegraphed his willingness to do anything Sherlock wanted.
“I -- I think it's a smashing idea.” He glanced up, surprised again by the warmth in his mother's expression. “I’ll have to ask John, though.”
Sherlock’s eyes are dark, clearing with his simple answer. “Yes.”
work. That's all that matters, isn't it? One’s work?”
A brush of lips, a trace of whiskey and smoke, the chain biting into the back of his neck as Sherlock pulled him even closer.
“I just can. Her hair, his pocket square, the brand of cigarettes she’s smoking… Obvious.”
Just then his mother came into the study to check on his progress, a tea cup in her hand.
John turned onto his other side, trying to find a comfortable position. It wasn't easy living with Sherlock and holding a torch for him all these years, but he wouldn't have it any other way. He loved Sherlock -- loved him as a friend and companion -- but also as something more, unspoken, unrequited. It pained him, knowing Sherlock didn't reciprocate such feelings, that he had no apparent use for sentiment or romantic relationships, but Sherlock, for good or bad, was where his heart had landed.
“I came back, remember?” Victor’s fingers played in his hair, smoothing it back from his feverish forehead.
John shifted, breathed out, his nerves still on edge. This was not how he had planned to spend the afternoon. Sherlock had surprised him, insistent, overriding his objections. Deep down, he knew Sherlock was right. This was long overdue.
“Got it figured out yet?”
Mrs. Holmes rolled her eyes and waved her hand, dismissing him again. “Go telephone this John fellow.”
“See? I didn’t know that. Here’s the next one: What is your dream job?”
Sherlock slides deeper into his chair, his knees bumping comfortably into John’s. He tries to regain his composure, getting ready for the next question.
“It’s for you, a latte with two sugars and a dash of cinnamon. Hope that’s okay.”
His gaze moves to the small line of shiny pink skin at the inner corner of Sherlock's eyebrow, the tell-tale marks of the stitches that Molly removed yesterday. John had caused the cut there, blackened Sherlock's eye. Guilt stabs through him again, remembering a blur of white-hot anger, fists flying, lashing out, mindless with rage and grief, an unrecognizable animal consuming his body.
“Sherlock?” John ventured into the silence.
(See the end of the chapter for
He reaches the top of the landing, Hannah practically glued to him. He waves her away from the door, then presses his back to the hallway wall, out of the line of fire. He places his hand over the doorknob, drawing in a breath. He doesn’t want to go in, but he has to know.
He had hoped the exercise would help clear his head, but it hadn’t. Instead, his mind wandered as he walked past elaborate Christmas window displays filled with fairy lights and idyllic winter scenes, lavishly decorated trees and sparkly snowflakes. How nice and cozy everything looked, a sugarplum dream spun for children.
Sherlock’s breath quickened, his voice low. “I don’t know.”
“I’m not sure. Some sort of surprise, I think.”
He types back a short reply:
With shaky hands, Sherlock opens the diary and begins to read.
The light bulb flickers ominously, then dims, glowing at half its original strength.
“Same place that the wool scarf in the box came from. It was merino wool. I’ll wager he recently returned from a trip to Australia.”
Cold air still clinging to their shoulders, they trudged up the stairs, too tired to talk. John pushed open the door and took a few steps in, then stopped suddenly, causing Sherlock to bump into him.
Stunned, John can barely force out one overwhelmed sentence. “And go where?”
“I wasn't expecting
Sherlock doesn’t know how to reply to that truthfully, so he makes an excuse. “It was storming most of the night. It kept me up.”
, nor had he said
When John undid the button just below his navel, Sherlock gasped, the muscles of his abdomen flexing involuntarily as John kissed a trail down his stomach, darting his tongue into the hollow of his navel.
"Thank you," Sherlock said.
“Ah, old school mates, are you?” she asked offhandedly, gathering a few supplies before leading them to an area with a canvas backdrop and overstuffed chair.
“A bullet nearly nicked your heart.” Mycroft’s voice is almost gentle. “Good thing they run small in our family.”
about having a Call Me By Your Name moment.
“Mm, and I'm sure it's most beautiful at sunset, isn't it?” she purred back, playing along.
“Oh, the soap... It was something extra Greg had, one of those hotel soaps.” John pocketed his phone, realizing that he'd been gripping it tightly.
I walk back to the mirror that hangs above the fireplace and turn up my shirt collar, looping the tie around my neck. I concentrate on making a decent knot, staring at my fingers, trying to get it right.
“I don’t get along with my sister, either.” John took a drink and wiped his mouth, sensing an opening for asking his next question. There was no subtle way to do this, so he forged ahead. “So, you're not flying back to see anyone else? Like a girlfriend? Boyfriend, maybe?”
But John sees Sherlock's hands shaking, unsteady, a symptom of withdrawal. He doesn't comment, instead turning to the boiling kettle. He prepares the tea, sets the steaming mugs on the table, followed by sugar, lemon slices, and spoons.
He hears a rattle and an annoyed “For fuck’s sake--” from Sherlock.
John finally nodded slightly, an indication that the trousers should come off next.
“Right now?” Mrs. Holmes sighed, then picked up her tea cup and followed Elizabeth to the kitchen, pontificating about terrines and pâtés.
“You know what I mean. I don't have to pretend to be somebody else. I could swear like a sailor and you wouldn't mind. Not many people want to think about death and disease, much less study them, but you think it's a wonderful idea.”
John inclines his head.
Torn between cowering and bolting, Sherlock heard a small whimper break in the back of his throat. In a sudden panic, he threw the sheets aside and heaved himself from the bed, stumbled to the door, wrenched it open, and raced blindly down the hall to Mycroft’s room. He stood trembling in the doorway, scared and ashamed.
John crooks a smile. “The things you'll do for attention.”
But then his face changed, going out of focus, melding into someone else. John. It was John touching him.
“Thanks.” John had his hand on the door handle, but wasn't making any other motion to leave the car.
“Sherlock…” Anguish rippled back across the line. “I wish I could be there right now.”
Sherlock couldn't help but let his gaze linger on John's chest for a moment, then he looked down at the tree, feigning interest. “Was it an apple tree?”
“Hm.” His mother had either lost interest in the conversation or was unimpressed.
John never tires of this, watching Sherlock’s hard edges blur under his touch, becoming pliant, arching his neck and back, exposing his vulnerabilities, trusting John completely.
Before that, Sherlock had slowly stepped down his work, staying out of the limelight, lowering his profile. It was all for Dad and me, trying to make the transition to their new life together as non-public as possible.
His muscles ached, punished by a chase through the streets, leaps over fences and low walls, a scuffle of fists and knees when he finally snagged the thief by the collar and toppled him to the ground.
Written for @221b-consolation prompted by Martin Freeman’s priceless
The sitting room was cluttered but homey, the shelves lined with an odd mix of artifacts and books. Two inviting chairs faced the fireplace, a bizarre patchwork of photos and papers covered the wall behind the sofa.
He looked up again when Sherlock called his name. He had moved a dozen yards downstream and was standing along the bank, gazing at something by his feet.
: The intimidating wall of police, their faces hidden behind riot gear and shields.
Sherlock had already thought of that, and smiled. “Do I still seem young to you?”
“I used to go exploring when I was a child,” Sherlock explained. “I found the ruins one day and ran all the way back to show my father. He came back with me and we spent all afternoon looking around.”
It was as if they’d pulled a magic thread that was unraveling all of their defenses and hesitations and misunderstandings, exposing a new and fresh beginning, full of promise. It made John want to take things slowly, even though his body was primed to race ahead. He didn’t want to ruin this by rushing into anything.
John understood the urgency in his body, the request pooled his eyes, the silent question on his parted lips. He held Sherlock's gaze. “Are you sure this is what you want?” he whispered.
John eyes him cautiously. “Of course. I’ve seen far too much of it.”
“Whatever you've done, I don't care. But I'm not letting you out of my sight ever again, William Sherlock Holmes.”
He stood up, leaning heavily on his cane. “Tell Mrs. Hudson I won't be taking the room. Best of luck, Sherlock.”
He devoured the articles, critiquing Scotland Yard’s inept methods, his tea going cold.
John sighed, missing the privacy of his own rooms and the anonymity of a city. Villages like this and where he had grown up were filled with busybodies and rumor mills, everyone nosing into everyone else's business. In public, he and Sherlock appeared to be good mates, nothing more -- and it had to stay looking that way to the outside world.
John looked over his shoulder, apparently checking for any other visitors, then met Sherlock's gaze. “I will if you will.”
I noticed a light was still on in the sitting room, so I shuffled toward the doorway to go switch it off. I heard the low strains of music before I saw them. I stood in the shadows, then leaned against the doorframe, watching in my sleepy scotch-induced haze, my knees going a little weak at the romantic scene before me.
John sees Sherlock’s quick inhale, his ribs and muscles visible. Several beats go by, quivering with tension, uncertainty, a mixed desire for something more.
John slumped, spent. Driving lessons were brutal.
“So,” John started. “How are you? Tell me everything.”
He chewed as he read, delving into a story about a politician’s sordid affair, his mind a million miles away when the door to the flat banged open. John nearly choked on his toast.
“Fine, then,” John says, taking the bait. “Let’s go now.”
It took John a moment to snap back from his thoughts. He shook Dimmock’s hand. “Molly said you’d be coming later.”
A phrase of music wended through his mind, a sonata by Brahms he had learned years ago. His mother had made him take violin lessons as a boy, while Mycroft was pushed into learning piano. Every Christmas they were forced to perform a duet when Uncle Rudy came to visit.
John raised a questioning eyebrow.
Sherlock took a breath, surprised that John would remember such a small detail. “He was a friend.” He toyed with the handle of the mug. “He moved to New York, last I heard. Expanding his family’s business.”
It wasn't safe work, what Sherlock did, and yet I couldn't picture him doing anything else. I think that's why Dad put up with him. There was no one else quite like Sherlock Holmes.
John is still sometimes awed to find that gorgeous mouth on his, amazed that he's permitted to wend his hand up that long neck and into those waves of dark hair.
“You’ve experienced trauma.” She places a hand on his shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. “It’s okay. It’s going to take some time to process that.”
He gave it a test ride, remembering how often he and Mycroft used to pedal to the lake a short distance away. They'd spent hours collecting smooth, round stones along the shoreline and studying the creatures that lived in the water. Those days were long past. The last time he'd seen Mycroft was at Christmas; they'd argued and set off one of their mother’s migraines.
"Right, that." He nearly stumbled into the door frame as he left the bedroom.
This went on for several more rounds, until Sherlock shifted onto his side and propped himself up on one elbow. “Tell me,” he extended a finger, touched it to the scar on John's shoulder, “about this.”
Mycroft sighs, followed by a few moments of rustling. Sherlock’s phone pings with a new message.
Sherlock fumbled his keys out of his pocket, his fingers cold and clumsy. He managed to unlock the front door and let himself in, the warmth of the entryway a welcome change from outside.
The books arrived at the villa the following summer, the package addressed to Sherlock’s parents. His mother cut open the tape on the box with a pair of sharp scissors, pulling out two hardcover books and handing one to Sherlock.
He sat back, defeated. He'd reached his limit of comprehension.
“Who lives downstairs?”
“Taking your picture.”
John jutted a finger at the card. “The fancy font? The perfume? The giant W?”
They stand facing each other, vibrating with unspoken tension. Sherlock’s pulse races, his eyes searching John’s face, trying to read him, trying to
“Well, speak of the devil,” Mike laughed weakly. “Professor Holmes and Doctor Watson, two of the world’s top forensic experts in the same room… What a treat!”
“Sometimes a shave helps clear the cobwebs,” John clarifies, feeling a bit foolish. Maybe it was a stupid thing to offer. “Or not.”
“No positive ID yet?”
He replaced the photographs and slid the book back into place, then picked up his violin and bow, standing at the window without playing.
It was an odd sensation, as if Sherlock's hand now covered his own, or he had magically melted into Sherlock's body. He slowly inserted his right hand into the other glove and flexed his fingers, another waft of rich leather greeting him. He could see the lines where each of Sherlock's long finger joints had creased the glove, his own hands much smaller.
I let the curtain drop back into place.
Sherlock wished he knew what John was thinking. He wasn't able to interpret the mix of emotions flickering across John's face, but it made him feel uneasy -- did John want to stay longer or leave as quickly as possible?
Sherlock blinked, trying to regain his composure. He cleared his throat. “I need to see my list again.”
When I dared to look up, Dad was staring at his folded hands.
“Me neither.” John looked at the overgrown yard as if calculating the weeks of work left. They fell silent, taking in the scraggly orchard, rangy bushes, and weeds that needing taming. “We should all go to the lake again.”
“It’s not a heart attack,” she reassures him, plumping the pillow behind his head. “It was a panic attack.”
“The vampire tightens his grip, sharp fangs penetrating delicate skin, the first taste of sweet blood a revelation, a succulent nectar, an intoxicating drug. He sinks his teeth in deeper, and she cries out. The victim’s struggles barely register, the vampire lost in a frenzy of feeding, sucking out the rich, pulsing lifeblood, the hot liquid gushing into his mouth, running down his throat, climaxing in an orgy of ecstasy and death and dark rebirth.”
John moves first, unplanned, placing a hand gently on Sherlock's shoulder, fingers curling over his bare skin. He turns Sherlock to face him and their eyes meet.
John pressed his lips against the back of Sherlock’s neck, interlacing their fingers. “I wish I could stay. I wish things were different.”
Sherlock leaned over to the nightstand, finding a tube of lubricant left from their trip. He squeezed a dollop onto his fingers and reached back to prepare himself, keeping his eyes locked with John’s.
They look at each other again, faces tense in the glow of the fire.
In the kitchen they sit across from each other in tense silence, waiting for the water to boil.
Sherlock plucked a half-frozen pea from the bowl, slipped it into his mouth. "Blonde?"
John dug at a chunk of roots, still ruminating. He’d never gotten along with his father; he had been a heavy drinker, slipping into black moods, blaming others for his misfortunes, letting his practice slide toward disaster and his fists fly in anger…
The tea cup and saucer slipped from his fingers, the fine china tumbling to the floor, shattering.
“Then why the silence?”
John realized he was seeing another facet of Sherlock -- he emanated a certainty and control that was genuine, nothing was forced, no arrogance or brittleness colored his actions. He was in his element here, submersed in his work, slightly removed and unreachable, just as he would be bent over a microscope or scribbling formulas into a notebook late at night.
Dad had gone into the city in the morning -- or was it yesterday? -- to run a few errands. I hadn’t really listened, my face in my pillow.
His hand was on the doorknob when his mother said his name. He looked at her, waiting.
Whew. Finally. I think I need a drink after that.
“You’re too slow,” Sherlock taunted.
“I think you do.” John leaned up, placing his hands lightly on Sherlock’s waist, and let his lips touch Sherlock’s, warm and soft. Sherlock inhaled shakily and John kissed him again, moving his fingertips to cradle Sherlock’s neck. He could feel Sherlock’s pulse racing, feel his hesitancy fading, his hands sliding up his shoulders, drawing him closer.
Sherlock wrestles with another knob that won't budge. “More jokes,” he mutters.
The door swung open and Sherlock stood there, phone in hand. They looked at each other, piecing together the fact that they had simultaneously apologized, their messages crossing in the ether.
“First the fireplace turning on by itself, then your laptop, now this —”
A wave of guilt washed over John, along with a sense that he had to salvage things immediately.
He scoffed at himself. It was a ridiculous idea. People were idiots. He grabbed a folder of papers and retreated to the kitchen to make a cup of tea. An empty tea tin and sink full of dirty dishes greeted him.
“Handsome fellow. Quite dashing in his uniform.” She studies the grainy images, then gasps, pointing at the group photo. “This one looks like you, don’t you think?”
The gloves had warmed with John's body heat and gave off the rich scent of leather. He brought them closer to his nose, picking up faint traces of cologne and cigarettes. It was the sort of warm scent that you wanted to wrap yourself in, like a cozy wool blanket on a snowy day.
“Yes, hello, Stamford. This is Sherlock Holmes. About that friend of yours looking for a flatshare -- send him round tomorrow evening at seven. Have him ask for the landlady, Mrs. Hudson. She can show him around and answer any questions. The address is 221b Baker Street.”
Sherlock switches off the light and they lift the covers, the mattress bouncing as they climb self-consciously into their respective sides and settle under the fresh, cool sheets.
It was early, so he dozed a little longer, pulling the covers up around their shoulders, snuggling his feet into the pocket of warmth at the foot of the bed, relishing the pressure of Sherlock’s knees pressing into the back of his thighs.
“So you didn't kill each other.”
They looked at each other, smiling faintly, out of words.
“So, you like it?” John asks tentatively, lowering the paper again.
The reassuring words help John focus, and he turns his attention to the task. He takes a breath, places a finger under Sherlock's chin to steady him, then lowers the razor against his left cheek. He finds a starting point and begins, a satisfying rasp rising from the trail the blades cut through the lather.
I tried to say something to Aunt Harry once, coming at the subject from an angle when we were watching a movie at her house. It was romantic comedy (not a very good one) about a couple who meets in a coffee shop and falls in love.
“Hmm?” John asked distractedly, caressing the curves of Sherlock's backside and melting deeper into the sofa cushions.
The contact with Sherlock’s skin seemed to slow John's enthusiasm for getting out of bed, his lips lingering far longer than necessary.
Their eyes roved appreciatively over each other's bodies, taking their time. John wet his lips and Sherlock smiled inwardly, a shiver of anticipation running up his spine. He'd often imagined John naked, undressing him mentally, discarding clothing piece by piece, always lingering over the thought of what might lie beneath his rather ordinary underwear.
They gazed at each other in the moon’s glow, drinking in small details they wanted to remember forever.
“Then you should like bees.”
The flowerbeds were tidy, the fence freshly painted, the house neat as a pin when Sherlock knocked on the door of John's house. Even the brass fixings had been recently polished. He couldn't imagine anything else John could do to improve his great aunt’s property. It had been completely transformed over the past several weeks.
Little clouds of dust drifted around Sherlock's feet as he scuffed along a gravel path that led to the farthest gardens. He shoved his hands deeper into his trouser pockets, his shoulders rounded.
A flash of foolish hope shot through Sherlock’s chest. Maybe it was John. He stood up and nodded to Elizabeth. “Thank you.”
It took a great deal of willpower to disentangle himself, but Sherlock sat up, running a hand through his messy hair. He looked at John. “Tailor shop at 1:00. Think you can be ready in time?”
I glanced at the tacked up photos and clippings. “Is he still working on that one case -- the girl who disappeared 20 years ago?”
John stole a quick glance. They looked perfectly ordinary to him.
“It’s his way of apologizing,” Sherlock explained quietly. “The rooms in the first hotel don’t have adjoining doors.”
Sherlock looks at her wearily over his tea cup.
Sherlock’s hands skimmed past John's shoulders, his fingers sliding into John's damp hair, deepening the kiss. He wanted this, so, so badly. John groaned, clutching Sherlock harder.
Sherlock cleared his throat, hoping his voice would remain even. “John Watson.”
John looked up from where he sat on the bed writing in a notepad. Sherlock moved toward him and John set the pen and paper to the side.
“Oh, maybe it was Sherlock, back from university.”
“It's delicious,” Sherlock exclaimed, letting the sweet warmth slide down his throat.
John glances at Olivia, the book still raised, and wonders if and when he’ll ever tell her.
His gaze slowly dropped to his feet braced against the porcelain at the end of the tub, the fanned ridges of tendons leading to long, bony toes. Underwater, his scraped knuckles throbbed. He studied the planes of his shins, the fresh bruises on the knobs of his knees, the fine hair on his upper thighs, his cock floating above a thicket of coarse dark hair.
Sherlock smiled, cupping John’s face and gently biting his lower lip. “Primal ones.”
Sherlock blinked, stung by her words. “My marks are perfectly fine.”
She leads him to the tree that's now aglow with lights and ornaments. John gazes at it, then at his daughter who is beaming up at him.
Sherlock scowled, irritated that John could so easily deduce what had happened.
John followed the directions the young housemaid at the Hall had given him, hoping he was heading the right way. He felt self-conscious, wandering across the immense manicured lawn, into a formal rose garden, through a cutting garden filled with riotous colors, and on toward a copse of trees.
He forced himself to walk back to the car and start the engine, deliberately ignoring the way John looked at him, his hand clenched in a fist, his eyes dark with pain. He backed the car up the lane and swung recklessly onto the road, roaring away from the house, shutting his thoughts down, fumbling for his cigarettes.
Aunt Harry understood, though. She was a loner too. Once, when Dad was away on a trip, Harry and I were in her kitchen eating Chinese takeaway, and I asked her if she thought she’d ever get married again.
“What are you doing?” John laughed.
“No.”
John looked up at the sound of the car slowing, his eyes narrowing when Sherlock pulled into the lane and came to a stop. Sherlock waited, the engine idling as John slowly walked toward him.
I woke up at some odd hour needing a drink of water. I swung my legs over the side of the bed and crept blurry-eyed down the stairs. A lamp was still on in the sitting room. I heard quiet voices, Sherlock’s deep rumble and Dad’s low replies.
“I've got some exciting news. Have you seen the paper?” Her enthusiasm carried through the line.
“John,” Sherlock greeted him warmly as John slid into the booth.
“I think you need some rest,” he said evenly. “I'll show you where your room is and bring your things in.”
The word rolled about in Sherlock's brain all afternoon with John, knowing that this was likely their last stretch of time together. He was returning to university the day after tomorrow, the summer coming to an end.
John rolls off, keeping a leg half hooked over Sherlock’s, nibbling his ear as Sherlock finishes himself off with a few hard strokes. Sherlock sighs deeply, a rumble that John can feel in his bones.
John was showered, dressed, and out the door in under seven minutes.
Sherlock warmed to the idea, already knowing that he could convince his parents to pay his way, a last fling before starting university. They might even cover the cost of a fine hotel.
“You are. Very much so,” Sherlock answers, kissing his way along John’s jawline.
“Right. I do remember that much.”
*****************
Dazed, Sherlock closes the journal, wiping away a tear that threatens to spill down his cheek. He stares into the fire, seized with sorrow and longing, unsure what year it is, if he’s William or Sherlock or some blend of both.
(Something quick and light in appreciation of simple things even when world events are ugly.)
“I think,” I finally said, “that you should ask Dad how he feels about retirement.” I stood up and brushed the grit off my jeans. “I'm going to go back home so you two can talk.”
“This person demands strict punctuality. So no.”
He propped himself up on his elbow, mirroring Sherlock. “Look, I drink too much. I've used people, helped people, done shitty, unforgivable things. I've seen the best and worst that humanity has to offer. You,” he lifted a finger in Sherlock's direction, “can't scare me off that easily.”
While I focused on moving my pieces around, Sherlock asked me a question. “Your dad… Does he ever go out… On dates?”
The last thing he wanted was someone else underfoot. He was perfectly content with his solitude. Everything was how he liked it -- his things remained where he put them, his schedule was at his whim, his consumption of certain stimulants and narcotics was his own business. He did not need people meddling with his life.
He'd been innocent once, unsullied before the lure of chemicals and crime took hold, was once able to idle away hours with an adventure book or a magnifying glass, studying plants and insects and sea shells.
But it's part of the game, the expectations that come with working at the hospital. One must stroke the egos of the senior administrators and specialists, drink their fine wine and admire their lovely homes and wonderful taste in art. He hopes he's not being groomed for some tedious administrative position. He hates paperwork.
Somewhere nearby a bird warbled and a breeze ruffled their hair, loosening the lock John had just put back into place. “I suppose I should be getting home.”
John gasped when Sherlock pushed him down onto the sofa. He grunted when Sherlock straddled his lap with one swift move, the dressing gown billowing behind him like a cape, the silk on his shoulder still askew. He sighed when Sherlock leaned down to kiss him, tongue slipping between their lips.
They maneuver away from the table, barely noticing the hard edges and corners digging against their hips and thighs, the cups rattling in their saucers. At last their bodies press together, the weeks of uncertainty and longing falling away. John's confession is an enormous weight lifted, a sweet tonic to the bitter hours of separation.
Mrs. Hudson bustled off to the kitchen and John limped toward the fireplace, choosing to sit in the overstuffed chair covered with red fabric. He settled into the cushion with a grunt, glad to take the weight off his leg. He was surprised at how easily Mrs. Hudson was moving around the kitchen. Apparently she spent a good deal of time in the flat and knew just where the tea cups and kettle were.
My friends had already started at university. Emma was interested in psychology and Matthew was studying computer science. We had broken up before I left for India, so we didn't really stay in contact anymore. Sometimes I missed him, but we both had probably changed a lot during the last year, anyway.
His only friend his age in town was Molly, whose family had started summering in the neighboring villa some five years ago. They sometimes swam in the cove together or rode their bikes into town for gelato. There had been a bumbling kiss two years ago, an awkward groping beneath bathing suits one drunken night on the beach, but it had been a mistake. It hadn’t felt right and he broke it off before it could begin, somehow salvaging their friendship.
Sherlock smiled under the covers, knowing he’d hit home on all points. Tomorrow, he thought as he turned on his side away from the reading light, he’d rip that needlework off the wall and burn it in the woods. He’d very much enjoy that. He might even ask Mycroft to help. It could be their secret.
No such luck. John can see that he’s deep asleep, his breath slow and even. He steals a private moment to gaze at Sherlock. Even with his tousled hair, unshaven face, and wrinkled suit, he’s a beautiful sight. In sleep, his face is unguarded, his perfect cupid bow’s lending him a sweet, almost boyish appearance.
John took a few moments before answering, turning his hands over to inspect the callouses on his palms from the afternoon’s rowing. “Yes… and no. Anyway, I'll be in the Army soon enough.”
John inserts the key into the lock. It’s a bit tricky to open, the mechanism worn or rusty. He gives it a few rattles and twists, the latch scraping free after a minor struggle.
“You're freezing!” John chastises as he helps Sherlock out of his wet coat. “And wipe his feet,” he grumbles, tossing Sherlock an old towel for Stamford’s paws. “Can't keep anything clean around here.”
Sherlock took a breath, wishing he knew what to say to hide his naïveté and deftly salvage the situation. No words came out.
“Are you still annoyed that I texted you to come?” John teases.
“If you came here to tell me you want to move out, I understand. I don't blame you.” Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at John. “I just wanted to apologize properly before you go.”
“But you did that thing you do, reading people… just like you knew I was helping my father this morning with one look.”
“Maybe we should go upstairs,” John whispers, trailing his suggestion up the length of Sherlock’s neck.
After awhile, he turned to gaze at Sherlock, tempted to trace his fingers over his lips, to kiss his stubbly cheek, to rest his hand over the slow rise and fall of his sternum. John finally slipped out of bed, reluctant to stir his soundly sleeping bedmate.
“You think she --” John starts, then stops. It doesn't matter how they ended up in this ridiculously romantic bed, only that they did.
Sherlock glanced at the end of the dock, knowing the lake was deep enough to plunge into safely. “No sense waiting.”
Without a word, Sherlock reached out a long arm to the nightstand and handed John the tube of lubricant he'd purchased at the pharmacy. John squeezed out a dollop onto his index finger, then glanced up, checking for Sherlock’s expression.
“Eight should be fine.”
They strolled along the pavement, making their way to a nearby pub when another storefront caught Sherlock’s eye. They stopped in front of a photography studio, an array of portraits on display in the window with the words ‘R. Smith Photography’ stenciled in gold. He paused, gnawing on an idea, then turned to John.
“I know. I don't expect anything.” If only he could convince his heart to believe it.
Sherlock smiles tightly. “Delighted to.”
I slipped into the dark bathroom and stood by the curtain that years ago I’d insisted be hung up to block the embarrassingly semi-transparent door that led into Sherlock’s bedroom.
The thought of Sherlock watching him spurred yet another emotion. Self- consciousness? Vanity? “I watched you box for a few minutes, too.” He glanced at Sherlock's mouth. “How's the lip?”
He had thought that maybe here, away from everything, he could test the waters with a meaningful look, a touch…
Raindrops streaked down the window pane. John's wounded shoulder ached and he turned again, trying to find a more comfortable spot. What had happened to those daring, ambitious young men they had once been? When had they become so jaded, so guarded?
John didn't particularly care for the sound of the situation. “I'll come with you.”
“Well done.” Irene patted Mike’s arm. She turned back to John and Sherlock. “I’m sure you two will have a productive year, working so closely together.”
Maybe it's because they're outdoors, and although it's unlikely the neighbors will see or hear anything, John feels electric, alive, hungrily accepting the kisses that Sherlock bestows on his mouth in between leisurely strokes of their cocks.
He closed his eyes, relishing the sensation of being in John, of John being in him, an unbroken circle of fingers and holes and mouths and cocks, giving and taking and giving again.
“You knew that would happen.” John pointed at him accusingly. “You did that on purpose this morning, distracting me like that.”
John didn't miss that hint, either. He smirked, not believing how quickly the situation had evolved. Encounters were often accelerated that way, never knowing what the next day might bring. Could be the biggest story of your career, or a stray bullet. It could all be over in a fiery second. Grab what pleasure you could while you were still in one piece.
John knows what he’s referring to. “In my bag.”
Outside, the bells toll midnight, ringing in the New Year, new promises, new adventures.
“How much honey will you take from the hive?”
“That's alright. Maybe later.”
Dust motes swirl around them, their breaths uneven. Sherlock can’t resist winding his hand around his cock, stroking himself, riding a wave of carnal bliss. A golden tension coils in his bollocks, a perfect thrust and stroke springing it free. He comes with a muffled groan, ribbons of white semen painting the dark wood.
“Never seen him before,” John said out of the corner of his mouth.
“Mmm,” Sherlock agrees sleepily. “But I might want more later.”
He pauses, looking around the darkened lab, wondering why he chose to pilfer glassware and chemicals from a morgue instead of socializing over coffee like a normal person.
“A bedsit. It’s tiny and depressing, but it’s the only thing I could afford in the city. Not very inspiring for writing.”
The honey was a flimsy excuse to visit John, but Sherlock didn't care. They had barely seen each other since returning from London, and he badly wanted to talk to him. John had been quiet on the train ride back, and during their brief moments together he had seemed distant.
“Oh God,” Sherlock breathed out in surprise as John's mouth grazed low along his waistband, causing his cock to strain in his trousers.
Sherlock’s face contorted in disbelief. “Why would you think that?”
Ripples of excitement ran through the auditorium, students flicking their phones to video mode.
“My watch.” He touched his wrist. “I think left it in the changing room.”
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth lifts slightly. “Goodbye, Mycroft.”
When Stamford suddenly lifts his head, Sherlock puts down his book. He soon hears the crunch of wheels on gravel. He stands, buttons his suit jacket, and adjusts his cuffs. He hears John and Olivia laughing as they dash to the door through the drizzle.
John was away for the afternoon, taking care of some errands in town. Sherlock filled the time by playing tennis with Molly in the morning, then swimming in the pool after lunch, stopping in the kitchen to grab a piece of fruit before heading to his room to read. He laid on his bed, his skin and hair still damp, trying not to think about how long it might be before John would return.
“Well? What do you have to say for yourself?”
“How’s Rosie?”
John raises his eyebrows, caught off guard. That was the last thing he was expecting to hear. “Oh, well… just tried something different…”
A familiar warmth bloomed in Sherlock's belly as John's hand glided over his skin. He marveled that he could want John again so quickly, his cock rising half mast in anticipation.
he thinks,
Sherlock grunted again, an utterance of pleasurable pain. Oh God, he could picture Sherlock's hips tilting back, thighs quivering, slowly taking in more rock-hard cock -- John squeezed his eyes shut, cutting of the enticingly explicit fantasy. The rush of blood to his groin made him bite his lip, trying to keep his erection at bay.
John looked at Sherlock, confused.
“Dimmock? Where did he end up?”
Mycroft sniffed at the bouquet. “Chess is more my game.” He took a sip. “Mummy is insisting that we play a duet after dinner, you know. I assume you brought your violin?”
Somewhere in the distance a sputter of gunfire ripped through the night. Sherlock slowly ground out the cigarette butt under his heel. “I'd like that very much.”
Sherlock swallowed, the impending distance between England and India all too real. “It's a three-week sail, isn't it?”
Sherlock ran a thumb over the gleaming metal. “Maybe so.”
Sherlock changes course, rolling onto his back, pulling John on top of him. John goes along with the change, adapting to the new position, one knee jammed between Sherlock’s side and the back of the couch, the other leg finding footing on the still warm stones of the patio floor. Nice leverage for some deep penetration, John can't help but notice.
Speed was of the essence. He roughly turned Sherlock by the waist so that he faced the wall, their trousers sagging around their ankles. “Put your hands flat on the table,” John ordered, stretching past Sherlock to grab the bottle.
John stepped closer and laid a cool palm against his forehead. “You're burning up.”
Sherlock smiles, finding John’s mouth again, running his hand down John’s back, pulling him closer.
“Oh, God, yes,” Sherlock manages to stammer.
John had been in enough demonstrations to know when to move to the edge of the crowd and avoid the worst of the melee. He'd found a relatively safe vantage point crouched on a balcony, shooting frame after frame of the clash.
Sherlock clung to him, resisting when John pried him back.
“I've been made aware of that fact.” Sherlock wiped a speck of dust off the passenger door. “I shall be more discreet.”
He knew he should grateful to his parents for salvaging his academic career. Only their influence had prevented him from being expelled. At the moment, however, he felt very little gratitude.
They shared a poignant smile, remembering the bittersweet end of that summer. John moved from the desk to the bed, lowering Sherlock to the mattress in a soft embrace.
About halfway back to the flat, Sherlock slowed. “I need to make a quick stop. There's someone I need to see.”
Sherlock coiled his legs around John's waist, canting his hips up, pressing against John's cock, making clear his desires.
John finds Sherlock's eager mouth again, kissing deeper, tongue slipping between his lips.
Sherlock held his gaze, studying him. “Once an addict, always an addict. I should know,”
Sherlock watches him, saying nothing.
We need to hurry to a press conference at Scotland Yard for a case Sherlock cracked, a sensationalistic one the media dubbed “The Santa Strangler.”
Sherlock pauses in the midst of winding his scarf around his neck, being careful of his bandaged finger. “I'd like that.”
Rosamund. Such a weighty name for a tiny baby. But her dark blue eyes are calm, her crescent-moon nails sharp, her grip surprisingly strong when she grabs Sherlock's finger.
It starts out slow, a series of soft kisses, half-lowered lashes, hands slowly roaming from back to neck, shoulder to jaw.
“Easy… that’s it…” Sherlock locked his eyes on John, gauging his every move. “Gently… God, no! You're grinding -- stop, stop!”
“Ladies and gentlemen, we’re beginning our final descent into New York City. Please make sure your seat backs and tray tables are in the upright and locked positions. We’ll be landing shortly.”
“I think so. I’ll have Thomas bring it out, if you'd like.”
“There’s something strange,” Molly continued. “Oh, I'm dying to tell you about it. But not over the telephone. Can you meet me here tonight?”
Sherlock traces his fingers over John’s chest. “Do you think we’ll meet again?”
He watched Holmes draw out a cigarette and place it between his shapely lips, the lighter flame illuminating the planes and angles of his face beneath a week’s worth of stubble. His eyes shifted colors in the low light, his lashes long and dark. God, he was stunning.
Such direct praise from his mother was a rarity, and it caught Sherlock by surprise. “Thank you. But I prefer dabbling with my chemicals.”
,” she whispered loudly.
John ran his hands down Sherlock’s back, curving his palms under his arse. Sherlock groaned when John nudged his pelvis into his, grinding their heavy cocks between them, his tongue probing Sherlock’s hot mouth as they pressed against the wall.
He lay awake in the late hours, listening for John’s soft footsteps, imagining where he might have been, who he had been with, what they had done, masturbating to images of John with women, with men, a confusion of lust and jealousy and desire.
“The you-know-what is here.”
“It’s remote. In the countryside.”
“Are his possessions still here?” Sherlock asked.
His palm wrapped around his soft cock, testing the weight. He tightened his grip, slicking up and down, feeling the shaft grow and harden, imagining a hot mouth, pink tongue, slow wet sucking...
“Very.” John felt warmed at the ease of their familiar banter, dropping a kiss onto Sherlock's forehead. It was fitting, being together on this night, the solstice a turning point, emerging from the darkest moments and returning to the light.
Mycroft glances up, surprised to see him awake, then looks ruefully back at his cup. “I doubt I could tell the difference.” He takes another resigned sip and walks over to a chair, sliding it closer to the bed. He sits and folds one leg neatly over the other. “How are you feeling?”
They walk to the elevator without speaking and John punches the up button. There’s more silence until the elevator doors rumble open and they step inside. John rubs the back of his neck, his eyes on the floor, and Sherlock clasps his hands behind his back, rocking once on his heels, his gaze fixed on the ceiling. The elevator groans as it ascends. The doors finally slide open again.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and puts on his sunglasses. “Let's get you a cold drink, shall we?”
“How about 70?” John suggested. “Would you be disinherited for that?”
“Hm. Maybe.”
“I thought you were student of chemistry, not psychology,” John countered, taking a bite out of a strawberry.
“Um, no. I just — that’s very interesting.” He glanced at Sherlock, subconsciously stroking his beard. When he looked back at Irene, she was smiling mysteriously.
He reaches into the drawer of the bedside table and takes out the diary and photographs, suddenly fearful that everything has vanished. Thankfully, the images and words remain, mementos to be treasured.
John is somber as he traces the scar. “A centimeter more to the right and…” he doesn’t finish, but Sherlock knows what he’s thinking. His heart, shredded.
“Here you go, dear.” Mrs. Hudson set the water on the bedside table and snugged the blanket around his feet.
“He knows. And he has plenty of unhelpful things to say. But I'm sure his ego will convince him it's a good idea.”
“It's too bad. He looked like a nice fellow,” Molly said contemplatively. “What’s odd is, the police can’t find a second set of footprints anywhere in the area, apart from those of the farmer who found him.”
Resisting the urge to point out that telling someone about a surprise negated the surprise, Sherlock returned to the house and washed up before presenting himself to his mother in her study.
He turned to Molly, who was carefully pulling the sheet back over the body. “Do you have a torch we could borrow?”
Sherlock’s knuckles brush the underside of John’s shaft, causing his cock to bob up in response. John groans, a needy growl from deep in his throat.
“No. Actually, yes. I don’t know. You said you didn’t socialize.”
“Listen, there's something I wanted to tell you,” John continued after a moment. “I didn't want to just write it. I finally know where my unit’s being assigned.”
Sherlock harrumphs. “Don’t hear you complaining about it, old man.”
“Yes. Many.” Sherlock’s voice is rough. He regrets his weaknesses, his addictions, his inability to share his innermost secrets with the man sitting within reach.
“Where? I didn't see.”
Sherlock broke the silence. “When did you arrive back?”
John meets his stare, disgruntled and defeated. “Yes.”
Valentine's Day, John and Sherlock style, with a bit of military kink
The young man on the bicycle turned his head, glancing back at the smudge of white under a tree. He had gotten the fleeting impression of a lanky figure, dark hair, haughty face.
Sherlock snorts. “Not from the inside.”
“Don't know,” Sherlock stood by the door, holding it open impatiently. “Perhaps if we ever got to the crime scene, I could answer that.”
John smiles again, a bit confused. “How’d you know my name?”
John grins. “So I'm right, you're wrong, and you've seen a ghost. This is my lucky night.”
He never was very good at judging those situations; what was shocking to most people was merely interesting to him. Thankfully, this year John would be nearby to nudge his foot or deftly redirect the conversation if he veered off course.
Even the lake was dotted with other couples at night, summer romances in full swing. There were a handful of places they could go -- a quick snog in the car with the canopy up; a heated grope behind the boathouse; more languorous midnight encounters in the glasshouse.
“Did you at least keep your thumb on the outside of your fist?” he finally asked me.
“Well,” Hannah says. “I hope that’s a good sign.” She glances over at Sherlock. “Do we tell Dimmock about this?”
“To do what?” John asked softly.
His father nodded and left the room.
“Hmm,” John says thoughtfully, “this is a very picturesque town. Excellent choice.”
If you've made it this far, hello! So this my latest project that I've (foolishly?) decided to post as a work in progress. I'm challenging myself to write longer form this time, which is kind of scary for someone who gravitates to short stories. Life is busy, I'll do my best to post regularly, and, by god, I will finish what I started. Thanks for coming along for this summer slow burn!
They talked more about Sherlock’s upcoming apprenticeship at a museum in Rome and his hopes for securing a permanent position there once he finished his doctoral degree. They then switched to John’s latest project and the buzz surrounding his name for a major literary prize. They ordered another round.
Sherlock’s heart skips a beat as he recalls the group photo with the ambulance.
John hesitated, a faint smiling playing on his lips. “No.”
*****************
“John, you amaze me,” Sherlock sighed, his eyes full of mirth. He placed two fingers on the card and spun it 180 degrees. “That's not a W, it's an M. It's from Mycroft.”
“It might be time for a change. A friend of mine wants to sell her cottage in Sussex Downs.”
“No,” Sherlock admitted, winding his arms around John's shoulders.
Distracted, John answered as best as he could, his eyes constantly drawn to the masseur’s fingers pressing into Sherlock's flesh, every curve and slope of his body illuminated like a Renaissance painting.
They’ve learned things about each other over the past five years of intimacy, things they like, where they're ticklish, what’s pleasurable and what's not.
“I'm not sure. I've got to finish my book and keep working on some stories. If I don't get a grant, I'll have to apply for teaching jobs… I don’t know where I’ll end up.”
****************
John hunched in his chair, recalling the searing pain in his left shoulder, the shock of realizing what had happened, the struggle to not pass out.
At last they’re fully naked, stretched out on their sides, palms circling each other’s cocks. Sherlock marvels at the girth in his hand, the hot skin and veins pulsing under his touch, the beads of slippery precome under his thumb.
“So why not just drug me, or whatever you usually do, and just take the bloody computer? Why go through all that --” John stopped, gritted his teeth, overcome by the remembered sensation of their bodies pulsing together “-- all
He stops, wondering why he’d chosen that particular phrase. He flicks a glance at Sherlock, then squints in disbelief. “Are you
John looked back toward the boathouse, unable to see Molly or Sherlock. It was pointless to think about Sherlock this way -- he was reserved, posh, inexperienced, in many ways still a boy. But those eyes. That voice. A streak of rebelliousness. A firestorm in a bottle that John very much wanted to release.
“I got the information I needed.” Sherlock hung up his coat and turned to face John.
A ghost of a smile flitted over John's face, then disappeared. He placed the card to the side and met Sherlock's eyes. “Why are you here?”
John leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms. “Let me guess. I’m sharing this office with them.”
Sherlock hums approvingly and brushes his lips over John's before breaking away to go shave and change into dry clothes.
And so he’s experimenting, trying to live life without John.
They talked for a few more minutes until Molly's mother beckoned to her from across the room. Molly rolled her eyes. “I better go see what she needs. We should all have a drink at the pub before you go back to the city.”
“Love what?”
"Right. Clearly a well-rounded diet," John replied sarcastically. He pointed at Sherlock with his knife. "Eat your peas."
Sherlock was now gazing intently at him. “Want to come?”
Sherlock peered at her, noting her eyes looked a bit red. “Are you alright?”
I wasn't stupid; I knew what sex was. I'd seen things online. Did they touch each other like that?
The corner of Mycroft's thin mouth curved up. “It is an amusing thought.”
Sherlock reluctantly nodded again and picked up the mug of tea, holding it with two hands. Images from his strange dreams suddenly flashed past, unsettling him as he remembered how Victor had comforted him. Or had it been John?
John paused. “Sure, I guess.”
Sherlock rose onto one elbow, leaning up to cover John's mouth with his own. John drew him against his chest, knowing he would never have enough of these moments.
They were standing close, facing each other, Sherlock's back pressed against the wall. Dad held Sherlock's arms in a light grasp just below the shoulders and was speaking in a calm, reassuring tone, his eyes casting up to Sherlock's, searching for agreement. I recognized that stance; it was the same way Dad spoke to me when I didn't want to do something but had to push through it anyway.
“Really?”
They both ordered local microbrews, an amber for John and a pale ale for Sherlock. They talked about the end of the semester, finals week just around the corner.
Sherlock's heart hammered, his body hypnotized under John's heavy lidded gaze, and he closed his eyes against the too intense moment just before their lips touched in a gentle, testing kiss.
