Sam felt his heart stop momentarily, only then to be immediately jumpstart again by an overwhelming sense of impending dread.
“Urgent?!?” Dean huffed. “I doubt it! Nothing is more urgent than this!”
“You’re right,” James muttered. “I did I come from humble beginnings—however what you see does not belong to me. This all belongs to my parents’, and the only reason why I am permitted to live here is because I am currently working a job they approve of and due to the fact I pay rent also. Otherwise, I’d be disowned and cast out onto the streets.”
Instantly, Dean lunged backward to grab Sam. Shoving both himself and his brother into the nearest empty space, which in return happened to be the laundry room. Shutting the sliding shutter door next to obscure them both from view, Dean raised his gun and prepared to shoot whatever he saw approach near them.
“Is that it?” Kora asked. A twisted smile slowly emerged on the witch’s face, as she elegantly rotated her fingers counterclockwise, repeatedly in a circular motion. “Because Hun, if that is all you have to offer…” Finishing her spell incantation with a last flick of her wrist, Kora then snapped her fingers loudly. “
But that’s all Sam could say before he felt the massive gravitational force start to press downward on his neck.
Before Sam could even continue, he saw Fiona’s eyes open as wide as they could, then quickly narrow to hide her astonishment. This sudden change in the eldest Obi sister’s composure unnerved him, causing him to backpedal momentarily. Nonetheless, Fiona snatched the phone from Sam’s outstretched hand and swiftly began to scan the texts as fast as she could.
“You and your so called, ‘brother’ shall be met with the same amount of ‘kindness’ your own clique of trigger-happy goons so earnestly grant us normally on numerous  occasions!”
“Is this 741 Dragoon Drive?” Sam muttered. “Reason I ask is because all the numbers on the houses are not highly visible, and the past dozen don’t seem to have any markings whatsoever.”
Castiel leered back to the witch and frowned. Yet he did not reply.
“Do you think these are James’s?” Dean asked, before bending down to examine the blood trail further. “They’re huge—way too big to be the witch’s I just saw outside. They might belong to another intruder we have yet to locate.”
“Perhaps,” Castiel muttered. “But we’re here safe now and, at least according to Sam, we get to have ourselves a vacation.”
As Castiel and Dean continued to bicker, leaving Sam alone to sulk by himself quietly, the motorcyclist set down his phone on top of the impala and snickered. Pulling his helmet off next slowly with both arms, the man revealed his face to the three Winchesters and grinned. “Damn Sam,” the man laughed. “I don’t remember you driving around in this beauty while you were on campus—nor do I remember Dean being this paranoid by other males riding bikes. Has it truly been over a decade or so since we last saw each other face to face in physical person?”
Then it all started to click.
“Yah, and being forced to endure Sammy’s music is the worse part of the whole drive!” Dean rebutted. “It’s been 4 hours!”
Sam’s vision began to wane, while the area around him grew darker with each agonizing second. His chest grew heavy and his mind’s ability to process what was being said to him slowed rapidly until it reached a sudden halt. Then, once Sam was unable to maintain his own will and keep fighting against the overwhelming odds, Sam fell unconscious. Hist last thoughts fixated on the importance of his brother’s safety, and of James’s own.
“Ignore him Cas,” Sam said kindly. “He doesn’t mean any of it. He is just a sore loser—that is all.”
“I can see that Cas…” Dean grumbled. “I may be, as Sam so well puts it, ‘emotionally constipated’ most of the time—but I am not a fool. I can tell if someone is lying too.”
And yet, strangely enough, Sam could.
“So he is a dumb rookie.” Dean said, his comment coming off much more smug than he meant it to originally be. “And you feel that you need to protect him before he tries to and goes on a hunt by himself to correct the situation.”
Confused, Castiel tilted his head to his side and lightly allowed his lips to open agape. “Why would I want to hit you, Dean?” The blue-eyed angel asked sweetly. “Or give you my worst too?”
“Wait, why?” Dean asked.
The motorcyclist did not answer again. Mildly concerned by the man’s lack of response, Sam licked his lips, then swallowed softly.
Emerging from out of the hallway, only then to shamble past both Castiel and Dean in one swift and silent motion, James walked to the kitchen counter with an irked expression. “But knowing him,” James continued, sounding more exhausted than he was exasperated. “The dimwit failed to take stock of the remaining food and other necessities left in the house—again—and as a result, now has to rush to over to the store because he has three extra guest he needs to take care of, excluding himself!”
James raised an eyebrow, but otherwise remained unfazed by Castiel’s angelic presence.
“Alright, Sam.” Dean muttered, locking the Impala the very second Sam shut the car’s side door. “We’ll go in together, but keep a short distance between us at all times. You head to the upper level and I’ll stay on the lower. If you see any movement or sense trouble, fire once and I’ll charge in to aid you.”
Shouting loudly before James had a chance to speak, Dean stretched out his main hand and pointed at James’s chest with his index finger. “I knew it! Those are my clothes!” Dean yelled. “How the hell did you get them!”
“Bout time you two decided to join us,” Sam muttered, as he leered at both his brother and Castiel from across the living room. “I was starting to wonder what unholy things you two were doing together in the impala alone.”
“Nevertheless, I know you brutes tend to hunt in pairs…” The female voice laughed. “And your ally’s outcry earlier only confirmed it.”
“No, Cas…” Sam answered again, this time more bluntly. “Again, just visiting him in person since I’ve only been able to write to or talk to him through a social media outlet for the longest time since our falling out.”
The motorcyclist didn’t answer. Rather, he just switched off the engine of his ride and turned to stare at Sam with his helmet still on. Choosing to sit sidesaddle on his motorcycle as he glared at Sam with his arms crossed next—his face obscured by the black tint of the helmet’s glass—the motorcyclist listened silently, waiting for Sam to finish his story.
“Could you be any louder! Damn it, I hear you!” A boisterous, female voice roared. “The whole bloody neighborhood can hear you!”
…” The oldest witch outstretched her index finger forward and pointed it at Dean. Next, she continued speaking, but her stern eyes never left her sister’s own. “But—if you want to make me happy, then perhaps you can assist with the collection and translocation of the wayward supplies these handsome gentleman acquired.
By: Royxec
“Then we’ll improvise, Sam.” Dean replied. “We already know where James is supposedly located in the home. So we’ll make our way up to his room and look for clues there first.” Dean turned to Castiel next. “As for you Cas, since you can’t move and all, Sam and I are gonna lay you down in the front seats so that if the witches come running—they don’t just see you and cast a curse on you.”
Before Sam could answer, James interrupted. “More than enough than I care to admit…” James sighed. “I have three closets worth of clothing, thanks to Sam. And ironically, most of it is weathered, stained and torn.” James then fell silent for a moment, his eyes shifting from Dean to the floor. Frowning slightly next, as if almost ashamed for one reason or another, James continued. “But I have no right to complain.” James mumbled. “After I dropped out of college, I kinda was in a rough place… I had little to no money, no where to stay, and was unable to find a job.”
“I sense this is not the first time he has seen an Angel nor any other supernatural being.” Castiel muttered. “Also, when I gazed into his eyes, the amount of life experience I sensed he has gone through is almost triple of what it should be.” Castiel pressed his cheek into his fist next as he leisurely leaned to his right. “He is, as one once put it, ‘an old soul.’ One who has lived countless lifetimes, despite the limitation of their fixed mortality.”
“Well, how much in total did you give away?” Dean groaned. “A lot of my old clothing was lucky!”
Suddenly Sam felt his phone buzz in his back pocket. Leering over his shoulder as he began to ponder who it was, despite he was already preoccupied at the moment, Sam ignored his phone and continued on with his examination.
“Easy Dean!” Sam ordered. “Back off!”
and an
?” Abigail scoffed, leering at her sister with a bemused look upon her face. “I enhanced the glass vial to ward off the negative effects of the magical barrier with the most powerful warding hexes I could weave.” Abigail then released the glass vial and allowed it to fall back against Castiel’s chest. After that, the witch turned around to face Fiona directly and glowered. “As a result, his grace should be preserved and further strengthened the longer it dwells within the arcane vessel—renewed by the very energies that once sought to dampen and-or distort it.”
Step. Step. Step. The figure was now almost fully in view to see.
“Dang it Cas…” Dean sighed. “I can’t read this!”
” The witch with shamanistic beads and feathers woven into her hair said. “But then I was called by
“True, but did we need three shopping charts worth of food and other necessities?” Sam snickered. “We are staying at most perhaps less than a week.”
“What do we have here,” Sam heard the female voice say. “So it must have been you who was the one who locked my sister out of the house! Clever—for an impudent fool…”
But Dean did not hear what Castiel said. He was too focused on his anger. “Not to mention your bat-shit crazy sisters almost killed Sammy here!” Dean continued. “And you expect us to forgive you just like that?”
The witch with the leather-hide spaulders just rolled her eyes. “Please,
Obviously James had changed his attire during the his absence, but something else was amiss.
******
Before the two brothers was a trail of bloody footprints on the cold wooden floor. And though the blood seemed dry, following a second glance, both Dean and Sam could tell that the set of footprints was still fresh. In addition to that, the trail of bloody footprints was set out ambiguously; for it seemed that there was no signs of aggression, nor struggle. Whoever the footprints belonged too, either they walked away wounded, or merely jaunted forth, drenched in the blood of the other they had recently mutilated following a sudden squirmish. Regardless, neither Winchester enjoyed the sight of the trail of blood. Rather, it just spurred them forward to seek new answers to the questions that were left unresolved from before.
Dean unbuckled himself first, then Castiel. Following that, with Sam’s aid, both of the Winchesters pulled Castiel towards the driver’s seat. Lowering him gently, the two brothers positioned Castiel in a recumbent position; thus securing his safety for the moment from an ambush. After that, both brothers drew their guns and exited the Impala.
“I swear to God, someone—anyone—just kill me now…” Sam muttered, leaning his head forward on the steering wheel. “Please… I can’t handle this anymore…”
Sam slowly placed his main hand on Castiel’s back, then used his other to touch his friend’s face. Upon doing so, Sam instantly felt damp and chilled skin. As for his main hand, Sam could feel a weak, but constant, ongoing tremor. Finally, when he gazed into Castiel’s blue eyes, Sam could see the continuous flicker of angelic grace, repeatedly attempting to surface forth time and time again, before something more powerful seemed to push it back into check.
Again Castiel said nothing; nevertheless his eyes did repeat the same flashing pattern as they did once before. The only difference this time was the fact that Dean himself could see beads of sweat begin to form on his best friend’s brow.
“Again no—he just…” Sam paused for a second to think of the correct words he needed to use to explain his dilemma. When he found them, Sam grunted again, then started anew. “He is set in his ways…” Sam mumbled. “And because of it, he really doesn’t see much action anymore unless it is done professionally. Nevertheless, there have been a few odd stories and red flags I have been noticing as of late during our past conversations. Such as a coven of witches near his location hexing hunters with curses. And a sudden surge of ominous sightings of many different types of monster populations, without any hunter retaliation or calls for aid. So foremost: I need to confirm that my friend is safe and he is not being targeted by this curse-happy coven, nor the surge of sighted monsters.”
“Don’t test me,
Both brothers nodded, then cocked their guns. After that Sam and Dean entered the garage together.
“I don’t expect forgiveness, nor do I care if you give it to me or not, Grunt.” Fiona replied, speaking calmly, but also sternly at the same time. “My sisters thought you were Hunters masquerading as escorts of some kind to mask some ill intent. Such as to steal from James, maim him, kill him—or even kidnap him—like other Hunters have tried to do in the past. And to some extent, my sisters were both right in believing that theory…” Fiona then rolled her eyes. “Not that James ever hired an escort before to begin with, nor do I think he would do something so—
Fiona then smiled to Dean and Sam. “Please allow me to finish what my sisters started.” The eldest witch said. “No harm will come to James I assure you. Then afterwards we can sit down and clarify the current state of affairs without delay or need of further violence. Is that agreeable with you?”
Resuming where he had left off, Sam cleared his throat a second time and started to speak again slowly. “This is my brother,
“I $eN$e ^^1C#e$ Ne@R8y.”  “J@mE$, I# CRo$$F1Re.”
“But, that is only because James does not drink personally.” Castiel muttered, trying to speak slowly and bluntly so Dean would not misconstrue his words. “So it is, ‘BYOB’—whatever the Hell that means.”
“Oh, dang,” The man stuttered, slightly disarmed by Sam’s abrupt action. “You grew too in both height and mass.” The man narrowed his eyes next in disappointment, even though Sam failed to see it happen. “Or I just stayed the same body mass index overall for the past countless years… How embarrassing…”
Fiona just smiled weakly. “
“I’m gonna shoot you between the eyes when I get out of these bindings!” Dean grunted, as he struggled to get free. “Then I’m gonna cremate you both, before I choose to bury what remains of you at sea for what you did to Sammy and Me!”
who left the garage door open and the door into the house unlocked too as well!” The witch known as Abigail then snickered to herself, amused by the ironic ignorance of her own sister. “If anything, we both messed up royally!”
. But I must admit—the lot of you are his types… Despite you are
“Then can you at least knock me out or something with your power mojo so I am not forced to listen to this horrid and jarring refrain of lackluster music!”
“No!” Castiel growled. “I won’t allow you to shoot an unarmed man!”
Dean snarled and forced himself up. However, when he did, Kora used her magic to suppress him back onto the ground. “Where do you think you’re going, Hunter?” Kora snapped.       “You stay put there like a good boy, or we’ll put you back into shackles!”
Dean just shook his head and flipped his phone around so Sam could read it himself.
“Almost,” Sam replied, glancing at brother in the rear view mirror from the driver’s seat. “We still have few hours or so before we reach our destination. So try and bear it a little longer.”
Dean did not need to be told twice. He swiftly reached back into his pant’s pocket and pulled out his phone.
From out of Dean’s pocket shot forth the Impala’s car keys. Floating aimlessly in front of the eldest Winchester before choosing to soar directly through the air and onto on Fiona’s finger, the Impala’s car keys clanked minorly, taunting Dean to instantly stand up in shock the moment he heard the metallic sound resonate.
Both text were recent and seemed to be composed in the same, surreptitious way.
“No,” Castiel said bluntly. “It is just, Sam said you two were more likely to butt heads than get along at first if left unsupervised. And judging on how you acted when you first saw him when he pulled up before—I must agree.” The blue-eyed angel then sighed loudly. “Perhaps it is because you two are very much alike when it comes to your stubbornness and hypervigilance. Or like you, he too has the inability to trust others when given appearance alone.”
Dean raised his eyebrows at her but didn't respond. The last thing he wanted to do was a road trip, especially one with Mia AND his family; it was a recipe for disaster and slipping up and ruining everything. Not to mention, he would be perfectly okay with just sitting in the bunker and watching Cas for the next millennia to make up for his six years away.
"Was that before or after you got a call from Mia and ditched us?" Sam snapped, not expecting to sound so angry; it was just too early in the morning for him to let his brother off the hook.
He was a little concerned that she mentioned Raphael. His son didn't like him all that much, and he was pretty sure if anyone of his creations knew how to stop him, it would be Raphael.
This room was where everyone was. Dean's eyes widened in shock, and he ignored Lucifer's clasp on his shoulder as he stared. "Well, Dean, welcome to our little rebellion."
Sure, Dean had grown much more comfortable feeling things during his years spent in the other world, but it was out of necessity, not out of any real personal growth that would have come naturally with age. Dean was only different because of his circumstances and had those changed, maybe he wouldn't be different at all.
"You aren't going to argue with me? Or handcuff me to a radiator to keep me from leaving? It's what… it's what mom would have done."
Kevin smiled back. "I'll be back up soon."
"Oh my god, yes, again," Sam said with a humorous eye roll. Cas was quietly laughing in the corner watching his boyfriend's face get all red.
Rowena rolled her eyes. "Please, Dean. I know that somehow your soul is about six years older than it should be. You've aged well, lad," she complimented jokingly. "I'm surprised that Cassie pulled it off, what with his fritzy powers these days."
He, Mia, and Luc were on the side of a mountain. All around were beautiful patches of nature peeking through the crags and dips in the rock he stood on. He could see land stretch on for miles and the tips of mountains nearest them. He couldn't see the top of the mountain they stood on; he only saw more flora reaching higher. He could hear the rumble and crash of a waterfall that he had to squint to see.
Dean didn't listen to Kevin's probably cute birthday message. He and Lucifer instead decided to be children. They walked in and out of frame behind Kevin, occasionally giving him bunny ears. He knew they would be murdered when Kevin cut it together later.
Dean still hadn't introduced the tall blonde man but had referred to as "Luc" took a menacing step toward Max's bed. "I don't believe you heard him. He said you're not going to tell them," the man's voice was intimidating, and there was something powerful about his presence, enough to make Max want to slip back into that nice little coma where he didn't know about any of this.
“I can explain all of that if you just watch the video.”
Dean reached into his pocket and tossed Kevin and Luc each a phone he took from his room. "Here you go, all of my cell numbers are in there, so once I get back and pick a new phone out, I will text you from that number, okay?"
He was okay, wasn't he? He was going to be fine, and Dean would come home. Cas had to be okay so that when Dean did come home, he wouldn't be worried about the angel who had apparently fallen apart in his short absence.
"Sorry?"
Dean froze. He'd forgotten about that. Not about his feelings for Cas, or even about his deal with Mia, he had forgotten that since Mia needed to come with him, he would actually have to make good on the deal pretty quickly, and that terrified him.
Lucifer offered him a more genuine smile than before. "This is the first step, Dean. We're close. We're so close."
"Of course you should go," Sean said with a warm smile, and Mia looked incredibly taken aback.
“That’s not what I’m here to ask,” Mia said, her usually awkward and stubborn demeanor seemed to melt away, her tone soft and inviting. “I just wanted to ask you some questions about who was in the car.”
“Shut up!’ Lucifer snapped back, waiting to hear Dean’s voice pray to him again.
Dean didn't know what to say. He didn't even know where to start to come up with some story about why he was unconscious somewhere while the mother of someone they had only met days ago was killed by some random angel. "It's… it's a long story. It's the reason I didn't tell you about Mia before!" He tried to think of ideas and lies to cover up everything, and they kept springing up in his mind.
Luc beamed down at the picture. A picture where Dean looked so happy, a feeling that he knew Dean felt again. Sam made him this happy. Cas made him this happy.
Raphael looked between them; all intimidation went from his figure. "If you didn't know that, then why are you here?"
“Dean’s missing,” Cas replied. “And he was hurt.”
Honestly, he had been regretting his stupid deal with Mia for years now. It was true, he wanted Cas to know the truth, but the more time he spent away from him, the more desperately he tried to cling on to what time he would have left with him if he ever did get home. Because what if it took years and years? What if Dean was old by the time he saw his family again? Or what if he did manage to get home soon, and then he had promised Mia to what? Ruin his relationship with Cas by making it weird and complicated?
"I can explain!"
Sean watched as his daughter paced the small motel room they checked in at. It was no surprise that Mia had convinced them to pass several good motels only to stop in Lebanon, Kansas, but Sean just did as she wanted.
So why was he here? What was he hanging around all day, less than an hour from the bunker? Why had it kept him from going to the bunker, and why did he get into a car accident when he finally left? Was it just a coincidence?
Fortunately for him, there was enough of the bandages left to create a thick enough collar for the vamp to thrash his way out of.
Jody's eyes widened, and Mia quickly stepped in between her and Sean. "Jody, I know that he's not the Sean you knew. I hope you know that as well. But from what I've heard from Dean, you're a spitfire just like my mom, and my dad is just as much of a kind lug as your Sean was. I figured that maybe you both could use someone who knows what you've gone through. Someone who knows what it's like to lose a Mills."
Of course, Sean loved him. He loved everybody, and everybody loved him. That was just how it was.
“I thought you were my family,” Dean said, his voice threateningly low, clearly one more comment from setting off The Bomb. “We’re a family, Luc. And as a family, we won’t survive anything, ever, if we don’t open the damn box.”
Dean couldn't help but laugh. "Let me guess. You just want to know what happened when Cas walked in?"
Dean felt guilty, too guilty that their makeshift plan failed to just leave Rowena here. “At least take this!” Dean attempted to shove the stolen key ring in the witch’s face. “If she locks you up in Gabriel’s cage then you can escape!”
"We will get me home. Hell, it's even part of the plan, so there is no possible way my self-sacrificial martyrdom can break our promise!" He laughed out, trying to ease the girl's mind.
"I know," Dean responded, his voice still calm and reassuring.
"Sleepy-head? Dean, it's 5AM. And you're never up before noon when we don't have plans." He froze halfway to the table. "Do we have plans?"
Lucifer paused thoughtfully for a moment. "I would say to be safe and not miscalculate and send you before you left, making two of you which would be a disaster, twenty-four hours. I could definitely make one day happen, no problem."
"Great!" Mia smiled while looking out the windshield. This was going to work. She would be sure of that.
"On orders."
Maybe there was a reason that a man who managed to travel through worlds just so happened to travel here. While this world was in the process of being ravaged by Purgatory souls.
"It's a bit more complicated than that," Dean assured her. "Yes, it was Jody Mills, but that's not you. A completely different woman who only shares your face and name. Nothing else. And that Jody was… whew. She was not like you at all." A little smile formed on Dean's face as he remembered Jody's distanced reference to him as "Winchester" exclusively, and the way she held him at arm's length. He did miss her sometimes, and he had always assumed it was because she looked like the Jody he was with right now, but that wasn't it. Jody may have been frustrating, but she was still a part of his life for four years. And he still wanted to protect her.
Usually, Dean would argue that he didn't need a bedtime like a child, but he was quickly learning that arguing with Lucifer was like arguing with a puppy. There was no point in making him upset because so far, he genuinely hadn't done anything to deserve it. And Dean had to admit, he was exhausted. Lucifer may have healed him, but he still felt the fatigue and exhaustion from all of the restless fits of sleeping and trekking in the heat. He wasn't injured, but he was still a human being.
Checking the time, it was only eleven thirty-five, but he saw that he had dozens and dozens of missed calls from Sam and Cas both. Dammit, he remembered telling Cas he’d have his phone on him all day, but it didn’t work in Hell, and that’s where he spent his entire afternoon and evening, hatching schemes with Rowena. Not to mention Dean promised he’d be home by the evening and he was still about two and a half hours away anyway.
For the first time in a while, Dean remembered how he felt being held, hugged, and crying. He used to be embarrassed. Perhaps it was being in this bunker again that reminded him of that. But he had gone through so much, especially with these three people, that grief and affection weren't suspicious, feared, or unwanted anymore.
Dean's embarrassed silence was answer enough.
Dean smiled at him gratefully, quickly refocusing on the image. "Yes. This tall guy here is my brother, Sam. And this is my best friend, Cas."
He loved Lucifer, but Lucifer was on a different plane of existence to him. And it was evident in the way he spoke to him; he admired him and looked up to him, not like he was his equal.
"Maybe you don't want to tell them because you're scared."
"That's low, Luc." Dean snatched the photo back, stuffing it less ceremoniously into his pocket.
"I think you've figured it out all on your own, Kev," Dean said with a sigh.
"Cas, is there a reason you were so worried? So quickly, I mean?"
A year. It had been a year.
“Shut up,” Dean growled, not liking where this was going, but it showed a little too much emotion and he regretted it as soon as he saw Ruth’s little satisfied grin.
He took only a second to pause and look at the four people who whipped their heads up to look at him. Obviously, Sam and Cas were there, as he expected, but so were Jody and Mia. Jesus, that couldn't be a good combination.
Maybe Kevin had forgotten, or just put aside for ease of mind, but his view of Dean Winchester couldn’t be what it was for the last six years anymore. If they were ever going to be able to move forward here, if they were ever going to have their individual lives, if Dean was ever going to tell Cas that he loved him, then that had to start with Kevin, Mia, and Lucifer.
She was a damn angel! She shouldn’t be having these problems! And she shouldn’t be resorting to this, resorting to coming to demons for help. They were all so stupid, and when she took Samandriel’s advice and asked them if they had any ideas, she somehow trapped herself in an hours long brainstorming session with the dumbest minds she’d ever had the displeasure of encountering.
Lucifer spared a quick glance at Mia and Sean. What could he do? Sure, he didn’t want to die. He didn’t want to do that to Dean, not when Dean finally had his chance at happiness again. He wouldn’t be the one to ruin that, but he knew that if Chuck killed him it would. And he definitely wasn’t about to let Mia or Sean get hurt on his behalf, that would only ruin Dean’s happiness and his own.
"It's so hot outside!"
Dean was usually pretty good at figuring out if someone was trustworthy, and Lucifer seemed to be…
Mia paused thoughtfully, and Sam and Cas tried to read her facial expression and weren’t getting much.
They went on a case a few days ago, all three of them, and they even stayed a night in a motel, just like old times. A good, old fashioned ghost case. Just what the doctor ordered. They joked about Cas not sleeping, and they had watched a really campy monster movie on the cable. When Sam fell asleep, Dean and Cas braided his hair for him to find and fume about in the morning while Dean would roll off of his bed laughing, hitting the floor with a heavy thud. It only made Cas run around to where he was and fall onto the floor with him, searching him for injuries and looking too worried and concerned for the situation. Still, it made Sam join in with Dean's laughter more than anything else.
"I'm fine," Cas waved it off. "It was nothing. How is Max Banes?"
He was going to have to do this by himself.
They managed to convince him to let Sam drive and have Dean in the back seat, his broken leg propped up on the chair as he sat with his back pressed against the door. He whined about it but considering he had managed to make them concede a hospital visit, he did as he was told.
"I can feel it if he's in the same room, the same building as me. I can't quite describe it. It's just a knowledge that I have. I can also feel if he's in distress or if there's darkness tugging at him. When he bore the Mark of Cain, and when Michael had possessed him, I felt that."
"I made do." Dean reiterated, this time with more force and spite.
Rowena stood up slowly and started pacing the room, not making eye contact, and muttering under her breath. Kevin and Dean exchanged a glance as they watched her in anticipation.
Max blinked. "I don't… I don't remember…"
Maybe he would always worry. Perhaps that was a problem.
Max was staring at Dean, who was staring back at him, neither saying a word but both looking very strange. Max looked annoyed and contemplative, and Dean looked… almost scared. Cas seemed to notice this too as his eyes narrowed, switching his gaze between the two.
Kevin loved Lucifer, but he couldn't understand him or relate to him in any way. Lucifer was family, but the angel needed a friend. Specifically, a best friend and close confidante, which Kevin was not good at being. It was not that Kevin wasn't his friend or wasn't good to talk to, just that he hadn't seen enough trauma or overcame enough obstacles to ever begin relating to Lucifer on an equal level.
Chuck was studying his hands. There was no outer change to his appearance, it almost seemed like nothing had happened. But the utter panic in Chuck’s face was enough to prove to Dean and Luc that something had in fact happened. Something… enormous had happened. Something crucial. Something important. Something six years in the making.
The annoyance and frustration from his audience dissipated a bit to be replaced by confusion. It had been obvious that Dean and Mia cared about each other, Dean was acting like a brother figure or a mentor, and they often would talk about their years of hidden friendship. True, Sam and Cas had literally just met her and had therefore been suspicious of the idea that she and Dean went way back, but there was nothing fake about the way Dean talked about watching Mia's mother die at the hands of an angel, and nothing fake about the concern Mia had when Dean was missing again.
“Do you,” Lucifer responded flatly.
"I suppose," Cas broke the silence again, "if Dean did meet and befriend Mia six years ago, she would have been sixteen, which makes a lot more sense and isn't odd for witches. And if he met her while you were fighting, then I can not necessarily be surprised that they became fast friends. And I am not surprised that he would keep that from us."
"And… we're not just here to get Gabriel's Key. This is about you being home again. That's why we're here."
"You guys really think it's possible?" Kevin asked Dean as they sat together at dinner that night. "Taking God's power away?"
"Take another step, and I'll slit his throat, and you know I don't need a blade to take either of you out, so don't try to be smart, Ruth." The deep voice from behind him growled at Mia. Mia was frozen in her tracks, staring between Dean and the man holding him hostage nervously.
“My turn!” The camera shouted again, spinning to reveal the face behind it, and oh boy did that not make any of this easier to understand.
"Brilliant!" Lucifer said in awe, taking the vial and looking it over. "So, we have half of what we need to strip our father of his powers?"
He didn't want to think that. He had lived through what it was like when Dean was dead, and he would do anything not to do it again. Not to live through that feeling again. Honestly, he'd rather just be in hell.
It wasn't their fault; they simply had to be more diligent in protecting their base from Ruth and her angels.
Lucifer closed his eyes and let his power flow freely through his body and to his hands. He had performed many strange and frivolous miracles through his lifetime, but this one, however small, almost seemed more important than any other he'd done.
"What the hell could you promise her that would be worth her doing whatever you say?!" Lucifer's voice displayed just how shocked he was.
He dreaded having to tell them what happened, that Dean disappeared after presumably getting too close to the thing he warned Max over the phone not to get close to. But he couldn't think about what that meant, not until Sam actually told him what it meant.
As Sam walked back to the hallway, he heard Cas's voice follow him. "You know, I could be wrong."
Mia was not the best at keeping secrets, clearly, but the constant hints and clues did little to assuage Castiel’s confusion. He tried keeping a mental list of everything Mia said to him that could be a clue.
Raphael's look did not waver, and Dean feared his stoicism more than if he had just shown outrage or any other emotion. "Go on," Raphael said emotionlessly.
Now he could see Luc’s face and it was blank. Dean hoped that his little performance was convincing enough to trick Ruth, but not so convincing that it tricked Luc. The archangel’s face was completely stoic.
Dean blinked at the archangel, still keeping his distance. Every fiber of Dean's hunter-instincts wanted to scream and lunge at the face of the man before him. The man who struck such terror in him for so long.
They had to let him go from his position as a protector, as a leader. Otherwise, Dean would never tell Cas anything as long as he was still acting like he was in the other universe.
Dean nodded, blinking out the tears in his eyes. "So what was this, some overkill warning? Ruth and her angels trying to get us to back off of our plan?"
“This is more important than any of that!” Lucifer interrupted honestly.
It was Jody Mills' idea. After finally coming around to the hunter and hearing Mia tell yet another story about him, she suggested that he actually teach them how to fend off Purgatory monsters. Kevin thought it was a fantastic idea, considering he had no idea what to do if he ever came across one without Lucifer in reach.
Trinity shook her head. “They weren’t in good shape, but there was one guy who was conscious, and he was dragging two unconscious bodies from the car, one in each arm, and he barely made it a foot away before collapsing to the ground,” she explained. “I ran toward him and crouched down, asking him if he was okay and what happened, and it took him a second to understand I was there. He was really knocked up, I was surprised he even managed to speak.
Chuck clapped his hands and rubbed them together. “Wonderful! Why don’t you take us somewhere nice, huh Luc?”
"Well, yes," Jody responded, slightly confused. "Sean's dad's name was Owen, so if we had a son, that would be his name."
"Amelia Sofia Mills!" The loud scream of both relief and undeniable rage came from the doors after the school had just barely come into their vision.
As he began to walk again, he could hear them talking to him, even though he couldn't see them and, oh yeah, they weren't there!
“Go on.”
Dean reemerged with the box while Mia was still holding out her hand expectantly, but Cas didn't have time to decide whether or not to hand her the key ring.
Dean ran a hand over his face, trying to ignore all the feelings that were bubbling up and be the level-headed, reliable Dean Winchester that his friends relied on. "Right, Luc, do you think you could fly us to my car? It's about thirty minutes away, but I won't really be able to explain how I got back here if not with the car."
Cas stood as well and briskly walked away from the group toward the hall, and to where Dean assumed would inevitably be the kitchen. He took a second before following after Cas had already disappeared from sight.
"Did what?"
"First of all, you didn't know he was my grandfather. And second, Lucifer was my first step to getting home. Archangel grace is a pretty important part of the spell, and usually, the hardest to find."
"I see you took everything out of my jacket," Dean grumbled as he wiped the holy water from his eyes and pushed his way inside. He was caught off guard as he was met with a tight hug from the girl inside.
"Wait, so you're… six years older than you were when I saw you… two days ago?"
He was screwed.
It took Sam a moment before he even knew what Cas was saying to him. “Wait… no, Cas, I’m not talking about what he said to me! I’m talking about what he said to you.”
He had been feeling this emptiness in his stomach since he left. It hadn't been noticeable when he had been in pain for the first few days, but once Lucifer healed him, he began to feel it. And he had felt that way before; he felt it when Lucifer had possessed Cas and when Cas died and went to the Empty. He recognized that empty pit as the feeling that Cas wasn't with him, that he wasn't within reach.
“I agree, but we need to get this key to the Ma’lak box if we’re going to protect Luc,” Dean argued a bit, knowing Kevin was right but not able to abandon the mission because it was too important now. Rowena was going to be killed for what they had done, and he didn’t want her to sacrifice herself for what would inevitably result in nothing. However, holding Raphael steady was only a reminder that Dean desperately wanted to put his friends above their current mission.
Castiel was breathless when Dean broke the kiss apart and he confusedly wrapped him in his arms when the hunter buried his face in his shoulder.
Kevin looked at him with equal surprise. "What did he say?"
While looking at his phone, he remembered the notifications he got two days ago when Dean first disappeared. This was the first moment that he had with his brain not wholly consumed with worries about his brother, so he decided to check the missed calls.
Scanning the shelf, Mia spotted a picture that she was looking for. Dean had told her about this Jody years ago, and she knew that she still ended up with Mia's father Sean, but they had a child years earlier named Owen, who died when he was young, and later came back as a zombie and killed Sean. It all seemed pretty bleak.
Dammit, no. It was just loyalty. That's all it was and all it would be. Cas wasn't "in love with him," which would be ridiculous because Dean hadn't done anything to deserve him to love him back, so it must just be loyalty.
Castiel was startled back into reality when his bedroom door flung open, slamming against the wall and causing him to jump and the sound and flinch at the sudden light that poured in from the hallway. The light was framing the silhouette of a very tall man clutching a phone and holding it up in the air.
After reaching forward and pulling the bed back into place from his current position, Dean stood up and put his hands on his friend's shoulders. "Now, should we talk about our plan for ending all of this?"
It was easier for Sean, they told him what he was getting himself into, but Jody? She had no time to prepare. Not to mention that her Sean had been dead for ten years now.
It was hot. There were no clouds in the sky and no trees or any form of shade. Dean lumbered forward, sweating and feeling more and more exhausted as pain shot through him with every other step.
For once, she looked into his eyes honestly, not hiding behind her stony exterior. "I don't understand how you live with this kind of thing. I act like nothing's wrong because I want to be the brave, strong woman I know I can be, but the last few years, living in this communal base, sleeping on the cold floor of an old high school, I just can't pretend all the time." She let out a breath, sad, and fearful. "I'm scared. I haven't stopped being scared; I haven't grown comfortable here. I miss my house, miss my dog, miss my friends and neighbors, and my life. I miss not spending every day terrified that my family will be eaten by some crazy monster that shouldn't even be real. I mean, vampires? Werewolves?" She threw her hands in the air in exasperation. "That's not right! It's fake, it's fiction."
He's dead.
He felt Lucifer's hand on his shoulder, and suddenly with a rush of wind, he was back on the roof of the school. "I think I can handle the Leviathans, but if I do, that leaves pretty much all of the vampires to you and whatever team Kevin hopefully scraped together," Lucifer mused as the two began toward the door inside. "If you guys can't handle those, then I'm not sure I'll be able to help. I don't want to fail you guys, but there isn't much I can do."
It was about an hour later when the five of them sat around the table, Sam and Dean were digging into the chicken like wild animals, and Mia couldn't help but laugh at them.
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
Dean clapped his hands together as he reached the bottom of the stairs.
The table was cleaned up, and the three of them were waiting on the couches, and when he walked in, their attention was immediately on Dean. Jody stood and walked up to him, worry on her face.
“I’m sorry for that too,” Dean responded with a little laugh.
Dean looked concerned and confused. "Look, Luc, we've only been out twice! You'll get better pretending to be a Fed, I promise. You're already doing a great job."
"Ooh, we can say that it was a life or death situation, like some of your old adventures!" Mia exclaimed excitedly. "Maybe I was lured by a siren, or hexed by a witch, or-"
"That doesn't sound promising."
Dean rolled his eyes. This wasn't a fun chat; this was a hunter and something that should be hunted. He picked at the soup with his spoon. "I've had plenty. Too many, actually."
That in no way would fix his situation. Merely knowing he was no longer on their world wouldn't bring him back, but at least Sam and Cas wouldn't think Dean took the Impala and drove off into the sunset or something. They'd know he hadn't wanted to leave them.
"Oh no, definitely not," Mia added quickly. "Dean has done so much for me; nothing I could ever do would warrant any thanks from other people." She smiled, looking distantly, as though she remembered something fondly. "He really is worth it, don't you think?"
Before she left, she paused at the door and reached into her pocket. She felt horrible about stealing it, honestly, she had, and she thought maybe he could use it more than she could.
"Cas?"
When he returned he handed Luc a beaten, folded up piece of paper. Luc didn't need to unfold it to know what it was, but he did so anyway.
"Oh, and you expect me to believe you have subtlety in spades?"
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
"I'll see you up there in a while. I think I'm going to take a walk, clear my head."
Of course, he had been aware of the passing of time, the changing of the weather per season, exactly how much it hurt to look at that photo he always had in his pocket. But spending this time here, he had learned to rationalize his feelings.
"I found these journals written by a hunter who spends way too much time writing, but he claimed that there was a man who owned many magical artifacts, and one of those artifacts he listed was fruit from the Tree of Life. So I had Lucifer get me the rest of his journals, and in his last journal, he finally found the place, and he drew it, but his last entry was him leaving to go seek out the man, and there was no further record as to what happened."
Mia grabbed Dean's hands in hers. "I think I understand," she muttered. "There was someone… before. Before all of this. I haven't seen her since hell broke loose, and I always wonder where she is and if she ever knew just how much she meant to me."
Raphael paused thoughtfully. "I like her," he said pointedly. "Come with me."
"Right, Chuck," Sam admitted defeatedly. "What are we going to do now?" He turned to Cas, his frame fully worn and exhausted.
Max nodded understandingly, having acknowledged that nothing could possibly be weirder than learning God exists, hated him, and rode in his car. "So, what? You want me to keep Dean's secret by guilting me into thinking I owe him?"
"Ruth, kill him."
Sam paused, thinking back to what happened six years ago. "That would have been around the time that… oh my god."
"Hey Luc, what do you think that's about?" He kicked the archangel's knee with his boot.
Three years. Dean had been in this world for three years. He had been cut off from his brother for three years. He had been unable to see his angel for three years. Three damn years.
God, Ruth hated this. She hated all of it, she just wanted to kill Lucifer, then bring his head to Dean Winchester, then kill Dean Winchester, then bring both of their heads to her father and have him promote her and then she could spend her days watching the last two worlds end by his side, the way she deserved.
Damn it. Damn it, damn it all. Why was this happening right now? He had been happy. Chuck hadn't bothered them directly for a couple of weeks now. And here he was, standing on the edge of a cliff, ready to leap yet again.
“Of course she did,” Sam grumbled to Cas. “Mia, we need to talk.”
Jody shrugged, staring out into her yard, and at the horizon beyond the houses in her neighborhood. "He was sincere."
“Well, of course-”
"Well, I met Dean a while ago, and I just met those two a couple days ago."
Kevin pulled out wildly onto the highway, deciding that his lack of knowledge about road safety and overall good driving technique would fit this particular situation, so he may as well throw all caution to the wind and drive like there was no one around. Fortunately, for the most part, there was no one. The road was dark, with very few street lamps to light the path. They only passed the occasional truck going the opposite direction, but they were going too fast to even pick out the color.
"That was implied."
But the archangel quickly gained control of the situation, and he proceeded to shove the monster away before snapping his fingers, and she exploded, black goo landing everywhere.
The hunter eyed the sheriff closely. "Trust me, people are still some of the worst monsters I've ever had to deal with. And I've dealt with everything."
Max narrowed his eyes. It was clearly an odd dynamic between the three people in the room. The tall blonde guy seemed to be pretty timid and gentle when he wasn't focused on Dean, and it was evident that the two respected each other and cared about one another. The girl was quiet, probably closer to Max's age, but she watched the proceedings intensely and with much focus, so clearly she cared about the other two but knew damn well who was in charge, and it wasn't her. She had barely made a noise.
The next time he was woken up was for a different, much worse reason than his persistent injury-caused sickness.
"I don't understand; how does the cabin have anything to do with me being worried they won't know me?"
As they went deeper and deeper into the literal pits of Hell, Kevin regretted the joke he made with Lucifer that morning. The archangel was going to take Mia somewhere to show her something, likely something intended to be therapeutic and make her feel better about her meltdown at her mother’s house. Why Dean ever agreed to take Mia to her mother’s house was beyond him, but he would never dare ask. That morning, Kevin jokingly told Lucifer that the angel had a harder job than Kevin, because Hell couldn’t possibly be more complicated than Amelia Mills’ feelings. He was beginning to think that notion had been just a tad premature.
“Yeah, but my decision was stupid and reckless and could have downright ended the world!”
He heard a couple more screeches and soft thuds before the door finally creaked open after an extended moment of silence. He held his breath as he waited for a monster to stumble in and kill him while he sat, defenseless, and not entirely present on the floor.
“Is there a reason we can’t open it?”
"I'm Dean Winchester. I suppose I'll be your roommate tonight." He introduced himself with a firm handshake to Sean and a warm, calming smile to the girls. Mia seemed to relax at this, but Jody did not.
"So you are helping us?" Mia asked, hopefully.
"I don't understand," Dean said desperately. "I understand that she might not be able to overpower you or Raphael or even have a method to kill you guys, but why didn't she kill me? She had me dead to rights."
Yet, for the two months following, they hadn't made any progress on where precisely that drawing was supposed to lead. They had no map and no starting location, and Samuel's last entry just said that he found out where it was and was going to journey there. The lack of follow up was a bit unsettling, especially considering he only got maybe ten pages into the journal with the rest of the pages blank.
Ruth is too little too late, but that doesn't mean she doesn't have a plan. Meanwhile, Cas notices that something in the universe seems right again.
No matter how she felt about Dean Winchester, he knew more about this than she did. He knew how it felt to protect people and be scared that you won't be able to.
Dean reached forward tentatively and snatched the soup that was in a tupperware back toward him quickly. He popped open the lid and just started drinking from it.
"Yeah, and look out how that's going. I thought I heard a rustling in the bush earlier, but it was a deer. Since when do I not come across any monsters? My luck has never been that good, Luc."
"Shut up!" Cas shouted, a little bit more aggressively than intended, but it did the trick. "You've been talking all afternoon, and it's my turn now, okay?" Dean nodded and Cas sighed, letting his tense shoulders drop a bit. "I knew you didn't die in that crash."
“Kev, we don’t have time for this! You told me you can drive!”
The doctor led Sam and Cas inside of Max's hospital room. He was in bad shape, worse than Sam had been expecting, though quite honestly, he hadn't been expecting him to be excellent. All he got over the phone call was a vague message about a car accident.
"A few years in, Mia found something. Journals, detailing accounts of a reclusive man living on a mountain who had a hoard of magical objects, including something we'd need to make a rift to send me back home, which was the Fruit from the Tree of Life. But Luc realized that the recluse was actually his brother, Raphael.
"Now wait a minute-"
They weren't going to be able to help him, but that much Dean already knew. Dean would have to find his own way out of here, and Lucifer would help him. But he hadn't really considered exactly what Sam and Cas were doing or how they were feeling.
Dean wasn't surprised that Mia would group in their "meeting" as the night Ruth's angels attacked. It was a short, succinct explanation that wouldn't tempt any probing questions considering the topic's sensitivity.
It took all of Dean's self-control not to just stare Cas dead in the eye and say, "I love you."
"What happened to your leg?"
It was also the weapon belonging to an archangel.
"So you were there?" Sam's voice came to his ears, sounding frustrated, but Dean didn't look over at his brother; he continued staring into Cas' eyes. It was like a contest at this point, the two of them staring, unblinking. Dean was scared, very scared at how emotionless the angel looked. God, it was like he was the Castiel in his dream from the night in question, the one who had no idea who Dean was.
“Even in a party, my brother manages to be this mellow,” Lucifer chided, but he was smiling proudly at Raphael nonetheless.
Dean still said nothing. He didn't know what to say; he was pretty powerless. He definitely did not want Lucifer to come any closer to him, though. To the devil's credit, he seemed to pick up on that and sagged his shoulders in defeat.
No one said anything for a pretty long time. Thye barely even noticed when Mia pulled herself together and stood up, wiping the tears off of her face.
"You're nothing," Ruth interrupted, almost sounding bored. "You're nothing but a man. I didn't follow you because you were just a man. You were powerful. And now I could kill you with very little effort. So tell me, why should I still be loyal to you? You've imprisoned me here." She turned away from her stunned father and faced Dean and Lucifer. "I now understand your plight, Dean Winchester. I don't enjoy being taken from my home."
“Shut up,” Mia said with a laugh, jabbing him in the side with her elbow. “Look, it doesn’t matter now. I’ll stay away from Sam and Cas until Dean tells them the truth. The entire truth,” she added with emphasis.
Dean quickly realized this wasn't going to be as easy as he thought. Not that he expected it to be easy, just that he didn't know it would be so damn hard.
"Are you planning on using that against me?" Castiel accused. "Believe me, I've seen what it can do. And I know that you wouldn't have it if you weren't up to something."
"Well, I can't control the damn weather, Mia!"
Lucifer pulled out a box from an old leather bag that was slung around his shoulder, it looked so dusty that he probably just nabbed it from one of Rufus' closets in the cabin.
This part made sense, after all, Dean had mentioned getting called by Max to Sam the day they went to the hospital, but Dean said he'd been too distracted by Mia and her problems.
“Unless, of course, you would rather fetch your own dinner that is…” Fiona snickered.
“Finally, the most important thing of all, is…” Castiel took a deep breathe, then looked away from Dean. “Is…”
“So is he just weak or something?” Dean said, darting his gaze onto the back of his brother’s head and then onto Cas’s. “Or is he just too inexperienced to survive on his own?”
Dean did not reply. Instead he swiftly averted his gaze away, refusing to permit either his brother nor Castiel to look at him.
From behind the corner emerged the witch, who in question was still using her powers effortlessly to her advantage to manipulate the surroundings around her. Choosing carefully to lift Dean’s limp body in front of her like a shield, the witch glared down the hallway, ready to strike at a moment’s notice the very second she saw her prey.
Refusing to disobey Dean, Castiel did as he was told and turned his focus onto Sam. Repeating the same process, the blue-eyed angel began his slow inspection. “Are you hurt Sam?” Castiel muttered. “You don’t look well.”
The vein on Dean’s forehead pulsed slightly, then he snarled loudly with anger. “Are you serious right now, Cas? Really?” Dean balked. “You are going to play pacifist while we are in danger with the lone gang member here?” Dean cocked his gun, then slowly readied himself to take aim the second he saw whatever the man was about to pull out of his pocket. “He’s mine.”
“I can’t believe it,” the witch with the leather-hide spaulders resting on top of her shoulders said. “How could you allow these grunts to get past you!” The witch then pointed to her companion with her index finger and snarled. “
“Cas was giving me the rundown that you failed to!” Dean replied. “So buzz off!”
Dean struck the steering-wheel of the impala with his main hand, causing the stationary car to suddenly jerk in place momentarily for a second or two. “What?” Dean asked, his voice hoarse with anger. “He a vegan? Only eats meat on Wednesdays? Can’t do it unless the lights are on? Or something far worse than I can’t imagine because in the end it is so kinky, that I myself in the future might find out that I enjoy doing it too once I try it alone somewhere while I’m drunk?”
Instantly both Sam and Dean hit the ground with a thud. Shortly following that, their bindings and torture slowly started to wain. Their senses gradually returned to normal and their breathing stabilized, permitting them to recuperate in what seemed to be a short moment of relief. And as a result, both were able to see the figure the voice belonged to; along with another familiar face that always brought solace to them regardless of their current troubles.
“No offense, Sam,” Dean grumbled, slightly peeved by his brother’s joke. “You know I can always turn around and shoot you too, right?” Dean narrowed his eyes, focusing his attention on the sound of approaching footsteps from his right. “But for now, be quiet. We have incoming.”
Abigail paused momentarily, then shot Dean an unsettling glare. “You want it Big Boy, then you can help me complete the chore you failed to finish!” The witch said, her voice low, yet strong. “Afterwards I’ll give them back no questions asked!” Following that, Abigail rolled her eyes and exited the house.
The blood-red sigils painted all over James’s body instantly lit themselves ablaze with a violet hue. Rising up from the area of flesh they were drawn upon thereafter, the blood-red sigils began to thrum loudly.
“Restituere carne et anima, Et oblinito maledictioni cor tuum, et speculum. ut benedicat e novo. restituere vigorem.” The three witches said. “Novam vitam restituere. Ut benedicat tibi Deus May, James - lupus certatior mi fide!”
!” The witch with shamanistic beads and feathers woven into her hair, spat back. “Least we forget, it was
, we tend to James.” Fiona’s composure changed suddenly, shifting first from a focused look to a more disturbed and worried demeanor. Her narrowed eyes widened and for a fleeting second or two, the witch trembled in place; as if an ominous chill had just surged up her spine. Nevertheless, the abrupt change in Fiona’s composure rectified itself within a few seconds. After that, Fiona’s demeanor returned back to normal. “Or have you two forgotten that was the main reason why I asked both of you to come over here in the first place!”
“Aren’t you gonna get that?” Dean asked, his voice hoarse with a sarcastic tone.
“Restituere carne et anima, Et oblinito maledictioni cor tuum, et speculum. ut benedicat e novo. restituere vigorem.” The three witches said one last time. “Novam vitam restituere. Ut benedicat tibi Deus May, James - lupus certatior mi fide!”
Without pause, Dean came crashing down head first into the ground. Yet, just as he was about to land and snap his neck upon impact, the second witch, Abigail, used her own magic to freeze Dean in place. Now forced to float aimlessly in midair, unable to move, speak, and just barely able enough to breathe, Dean blinked twice, then grew disgruntled.
Fiona’s powerful glare shifted instantly onto Abigail, but she did not say anything in return. Rather than intrude on Abigail’s right to speak her mind—at least for the time being—Fiona patiently waited for the young witch to plead her case.
…” Dean grunted, blushing slightly before swatting Castiel’s hand away with a minor push of his fingers. “Go check on Sammy first,” Dean continued. “He seemed to get the worst of it. Then you can patch me up.”
Dean’s face instantly flushed red, then he turned it away to leer in the opposite direction of where his brother was looking. “I knew that Sam.” Dean grunted. “Just testing yah!”
“Wait, what the Hell do you think you’re doing,” Dean growled. “Those are my keys! Give ‘em back!”
Interrupting before any other unpleasant comments was said between the two brothers, Castiel spoke up, determined to be the peacekeeper rather than remain silent. “Honestly Dean, please stop your complaining.” The blue eyed angel said, before turning his head slightly to look upon his best friend with a stern expression. “We are diving all the way from Lebanon Kansas to New Port California! That’s over a 21 hour drive!”
“Come now, Kora, don’t degrade yourself.” Abigail sighed, her main arm stretched out to its full length with her index finger pointing directly at Dean. “You can’t just go and snap a Hunter’s neck willy-nilly without reason!” The young witch next shook her head, causing the many shamanistic beads in her hair to tussle loudly in rhythm. “If you do, then we are no better than they are!”
“What the hell is that?” Dean asked.
Dean’s brow furrowed slightly, while his green eyes glistened with ire. “As I said before, Bitch—we didn’t do anything!” Dean glowered. “So get your mind out of the gutter!”
“I must agree with Dean, for once on the subject Sam.” Castiel added. “This cul-de-sac is quite crowded and the owners’ cars are scattered all over the street. It is astonishing that none of them hit one another while they back out.”
Currently at the moment James was wearing a black ACDC t-shirt, dark-blue jeans pants, and over shirt that seemed slightly too big for him. To make matters more curious, the clothing itself seemed worn, had old dried bloodstains on it, and it seemed hauntingly familiar to Dean all at the same time; as if he himself had seen it countless time before throughout his life somewhere or another. Finally, though James was barefoot, Dean also noticed that there was a small collection of linen bandages wound tightly around the soles of his feet. And though the linen bandages were clean, Dean could see that James was not applying his full weight on each foot as he walked. He was limping slightly; as if he was wounded recently and still recovering.
,’ was it?” Fiona glowered, her eyes narrowed and staring directly into Sam’s own. “You and I have barely even begun to properly introduce ourselves fully to one another.” The eldest Obi sister continued. “And we must not have that… But before we finish with all the needed, ‘formalities,’ allow me to ‘reacquaint’ James to the situation.”
Immediately, both Winchesters silenced themselves and waited for an explanation. However, they received none. For at the moment, the blue-eyed angel seemed too distraught to speak—hindered completely by whatever dilemma confounded him so. Castiel remained silent; his facial expression horrified and his body unnervingly still.
As the two sisters conversed, forcefully arguing back and forth continuously without end, Sam Winchester, who in return was tied up next to his brother against the wall by magical bindings, began to stir. Roused by the sudden commotion, Sam slowly opened his eyes, attempting to make sense of what was going on.
Sam rotated his phone’s screen towards Dean, then paused. “Are you seeing what I am seeing?”
“Dude, check your phone!” Sam ordered. “Maybe Cas tried to reach out to you too.”
“Are you trying to cause a scene and get the neighbors to call the entire bloody police force down here all at once!” The witch continued, her eyes beaming with ire. “I asked you to check on James and inspect whoever his guest were—not KILL and or TORTURE them!”
“Still, I must say… I am confused Sam.” Castiel said, his voice as low as a whisper. “Why is it we are driving all the way out to California? Is it for a case or something?”
Though Sam had been beaten and exposed alongside his brother at the same time, currently it seemed that he had not been spotted yet by the witch who had summoned the gravitational force to expel them from their hiding place. Scrambling forward to grab his gun feverishly before that factor changed, Sam rearmed himself and retreated backward towards the master bedroom.
,” Fiona muttered. “That fixes the most prominent threat—which means the Angel’s life is no longer in danger—but you are still forgetting about the effects of the Hex-Barrier on his grace, which itself is
Both witches instantly stifled themselves and turned their attention onto Dean Winchester.
” Kora hissed.
“Yah, yah, your best friend, Profound boyfriend, etc… I’ve heard it all before!” Sam rebutted. “Just let me get a look at him first before you overstep! Or else we might miss something!”
“Oh good, peachy…” Dean muttered. “Well, you two go get better acquainted and stuff—doing whatever you need to do—while Cas and I go park Baby in the garage and meet you inside, ok?”
Dean instantly felt his stomach tightened and his pulse quicken. Narrowing his eyes, for he already knew what he was about to hear was either bad news or something he didn’t want to know, Dean leaned back against the door of the impala and waited. “Hit me Cas.” Dean ordered. “Give me your worst!”
, will you do that exactly hun?”
Dean shifted his gaze onto his best friend and frowned. However, the very moment he did, he noticed a flare of concern wash over Castiel’s handsome face. Vanishing just as fast as it had first appeared, the blue-eyed angel swiftly looked away and grinned; his composure now stoic and calm. “Speaking of which,” Castiel sighed. “I just remembered something Sam wanted me to discuss with you prior before we arrived—alone…” Castiel blinked twice, then looked down at his left hand. Extending two fingers plus his thumb out next, the handsome angel snickered. “Well, three things…”
“Yeah, sure—thanks…” Dean grunted, as he fuddled with a piece of leather string, attempting to thread it. “But if it wasn’t for you establishing that barrier and all—Cas here would be safe and not graceless!”
The footsteps slowly grew louder, ever echoing continuously in the distance until they themselves were so loud, that Dean swore that it had begun hailing outside.
Suddenly the linen bandages wound tightly around the soles of James’s feet burst into a tricolored flame. Composed of the colors blue, red and green, the violent flickering flame surged forth, spreading its reach outward towards the witches in effort to singe them. Yet just as the tricolored flame came within inches of the witches’ face, ready to sear them to ash, it’s rage was instantly snuffed out by an unseen force. Compelling the flame to return to nothing more to a mere collection of embers thenceforth, the three witches pulled their hands apart, then thrusted them down towards the ground.
“I doubt that,” Dean said. “Look at the size of this house and everything here. You can’t tell me you’re poor and from humble beginnings. Everything here, including your bike outside, is not easily obtained by just desire.”
The racket at the front door soon grew louder. Then following a few seconds later, a new sound emerged forth, one that the Winchesters were not prepared to hear.
“Not that I’m going to complain about the hiding place, Dean,” Sam said with a whisper. “Great quick thinking and all… But of all places, you choose a laundry-closet to hide in? While ironically, you yourself, have yet to still come out of the closet?”
“Well the only thing I can think of that is powerful enough to screw with Cas—besides your’s truly—is other angels, demons—such as Crowley… And, maybe witches too?” Dean snickered. “But—”
“Then thanks a lot, Cas! You just condemned me!” Dean sneered. “You just condemned me to a living Hell where I am forced to listen to the same set of songs endlessly over and over again for eternity so that I can pay for a handful of sins that I didn’t even commit!” Dean threw himself back into his seat, then twisted his head around so that he could glare out the window; forcefully attempting to drown out all he heard by force of will. “Some best friend you are!”
“What in HELL’s name are you two doing!” The witch yelled.
Fiona rolled up her sleeves and began to approach James slowly. Following their sister’s lead, both Kora and Abigail did the same. Clasping their hands next in prayer, or at least what seemed like a praying motion, the three witches shut their eyes and started to chant.
“For Hell’s sake!” The Winchesters heard the boisterous female voice say.
The first to heed the witches’ offer was Castiel. Rising from his knees slowly, for he was still weak, the blue-eyed angel shambled over to James’s bedside and kneeled himself back down. Glancing at James’s feet next, Castiel began his own process of examining James’s body for abnormalities. Upon doing so, despite his lack of grace, Castiel grew bemused.
!” All heard from afar.
That moment, Dean’s phone buzzed twice, repeating the same sequence as Sam’s phone did before his.
“Even more so because I am the eldest son and I am not very successful.” James said, still refusing to permit any eye contact to be exchanged. “But luckily enough I was able to get into nursing and find a job which made my family happy enough not to abandon me entirely. And thanks to people like Sam and my friends across the way, I was able to support myself enough to get by while I had little to no income.”
Slowly Sam drove the impala down the narrow street littered with parked cars, carefully maneuvering past each one by a narrow divide. Nevertheless, despite the tight turns and little room to work with, Sam managed to get the impala past all the obstacles that barred its way and drove into a small driveway at the footing of a black and white beach house that stood on a hill.
“Debatable,” Sam said, forcing himself to smile. “I could say the same about you.”
Dean tried to call out to his brother, but he could not speak—for he was in a similar predicament. For the more he struggled in attempt to free himself so that he could help his dear brother, the more unpleasant and daunting his own bindings became. In the end, Dean was forced to cease even the mere mental stimuli of resisting, because the reprisal for doing so brought him back into submission so severely, that Dean himself almost lost consciousness each time he tried to fight it.
Sam did not say anything, instead he just raised his gun and followed his brother slowly, guarding him from behind.
“I’m sure they are his.” Sam replied. “James has big feet. Size 14 or 15, if I recall correctly.”
“I fail to see the threat,” Sam snickered. “Because in the end, if you recall, Cas also bought me a similar gift—her newest album!” Sam then leered back at his brother again in rear view mirror from the driver’s seat with the biggest and most sinister grin he could compose on his handsome face. “Of which in question, I will not hesitate to play the moment you destroy my CD.”
!” The witch said, her tone blunt and even. “The Hunters can plead their case,
“‘OK?’” Dean growled. “He is stiff as a surfboard! How the Hell is he ok!?!”
By: Royxec
“Speaking of which, Cas,” Dean interrupted. “How the hell did you get in here—you were stiff as a board earlier and couldn’t even move.”
Suddenly the roar of a motorcycle engine was heard in the distance, enticing the three to glance towards the road they had just driven down. Following a few seconds later they saw a driver dressed in a dark leather vest and a black-silver helmet come soaring down the street on a Harley Davidson motorcycle. Weaving through the narrow road at much higher speeds than Sam did prior, the motorcyclist quickly made his way up to the black and white beach house, then parked himself next to the impala.
Castiel shook his head. “There is an aura of animus emitting from him. One I cannot tell if it is tied to his own aura via hatred—be it self or towards another—or if the aura was cast upon him through an act of malice. Either way, I see both the Aura and his warding has dampened your Witchcraft’s total effect.”
“Alight Cas,” Sam muttered. “I’m going to try something, so bear with me.”
Refusing to accept that Castiel was right, let alone believe that all their hard work was for naught, the two witches leered downward at where the angel was pointing and glowered.
By: Royxec
Castiel shook his head, then let out a loud sigh. “If you excuse me, Lady Fiona—I would like to intervene before Dean does something he regrets.” Castiel muttered. “So I best take my leave.” The blue-eyed angel bowed his head next, stood up, and departed.
“From what I remember him telling me Cas, post college, he became a travel nurse.” Sam said, his focus on the road, and yet still on the conversation firsthand. “As well as a Man of Letters, like us—so to speak.”
“And I’m out of fresh, green leaf teabags too! Freaking, Damn it!” James spat, before slamming the kitchen pantry door shut with a bang. “This is all I need right now, post three 14 hour shifts back to back!”
Slowly the witch pulled out a large glass vial that seemed to contain a vibrant, blue substance. And as she held it up, swaying it side to side playfully as the light above shined upon it, the blue substance rocked to and fro, flowing ever aimlessly throughout the vial like a luminous cloud of twinkling mist.
“‘Bring your own beer,’ Cas…” Dean grunted. “Damn it…”
Sam continued to examine the area around him, ever careful to be subtle so he would not draw attention from the two witches before him. However, once he did, he noticed three new things he had failed to take in before momentarily. The first thing he noticed was a large pair of glass doors leading to a small balcony. Upon a longer inspection, Sam could tell it overlooked the beach front—the same supposed beachfront that was located next to James’s house.
“Speaking of a ‘beach neighborhood,’ where the hell is the freaking beach?” Dean glowered. “All I see here is cramped looking homes and the narrow divides that one dares to call a front yard.”
“It is a pleasure to meet you, Fiona Obi.” Castiel replied. “And thank you for your aid earlier.”
Step. Step. Step.
Ceasing the posturing before it grew out of hand, Fiona cleared her throat and spoke calmly. “
Both heard Dean exhale loudly with a disgruntled huff. Following that Dean was utterly silent, his eyes locked on whatever he saw in the distant and constantly passing landscape.
“Yes, and unfortunately our supplies are all under the horde of groceries you bought, and we don’t have the time to get them out before it might be too late!”
“Cas says,” Sam muttered. “‘This place is—warded too.’” Dean grunted, then shook his head. “Then it is just as you thought Sammy.” Dean said slowly. “James might be in danger.”
Without a second breath, Kora replied to her sister almost instantaneously with what seemed to be a preordained response. “Would you rather me set him on fire then?” The witch with the leather-hide spaulders asked. “I do hear Hunter’s make good kindling.”
—” Sam said, coughing abruptly to clear his throat. “Um—well, we’re not… Whatever your sisters thought we were—but we are Hunters—and I guess it is acceptable that there was bound to be some misunderstanding down the line. Although again—we meant James no harm. We ourselves were invited by him alone to come here at his request.” Sam then pulled out his phone and stood up. Opening his prior texts and call records between James and himself before handing his phone to Fiona, Sam smiled and spoke once more. “So like you, please let me introduce myself properly. I am
“DRIVE, DEAN!” Sam ordered again. “What Cas meant was, ‘James is in the Crossfire!’” Sam lurched forward and shoved Dean back into the Driver’s seat away from Castiel. “And what he sensed was most likely witches! The very same perhaps that I was talking about when we arrived!”
As if to answer the angel’s question on cue the very second it was asked, Castiel heard a voice call out from behind. “I don’t know,” the voice replied. “He was here a second ago…”
“Well Cas, that’s one of the drawbacks you have to account for when you live in a beach neighborhood. The streets are narrow, people park wherever there is room and everyone is in a rush.”
“Yah, and you drove for 7 hours after me—following our stay at that crappy motel—so now it’s my turn again!” Dean sputtered. “I’m all good to drive once more! So if Sam would just stop at the next rest stop in Baker, then I could…”
“Yes,” Castiel said. The blue-eyed angel turned to his family next, gesturing to them to express their approval as well. “Sam, Dean?”
“Dean!” Sam said, now his own voice sounding panicked. “Look!”
“No, stop—please!” Sam blurted out, before his eyes shot open in panic.
“With all do respect dear eldest sister,” Abigail said sweetly, treading ever carefully as she spoke in effort not to enrage Fiona. “Why are you helping them?” Abigail pointed to both Dean and Sam with her main hand, then swiftly pointed it back onto James next. “Have you forgotten it was their kind who attacked James prior so many times in the past without warning nor rightful cause?”
Sam felt himself tugged back into his seat by an overwhelming magical force. Securing him promptly in place for a few moments afterwards—thus preventing him from moving or shifting in place for at least ten-seconds.
A small moment of silence was exchanged, but Kora then lowered her head, as if ashamed. “Yes, Fiona,” Kora replied. “I’m sorry.”
” Fiona snapped.
Though Sam could not see the expression of pride on Castiel’s face following speaking his own statement aloud about sharing the family’s last name, it did not matter. But even after introducing both himself and his family properly, it did not stop Fiona from displaying the same quirk now and then as she had once done before, prior to inspecting Sam’s phone. Overall, the more Sam talked, he soon noticed that it seemed to cause Fiona an ever growing sense of uncertainty. One that she could just not shake.
“Dean!” Sam yelled. “Look out!”
Kora just rolled her eyes in response. “Then what are you referring to?” The witch asked. “The hex we just placed on him?”
“We didn’t steal anything!” Sam said, correcting Abigail. “And it was James who gave us his card to purchase supplies prior before we left—of which we are going to pay him back tenfold for.”
Castiel just cupped his face in his main hand and sighed again.
Sam nodded. “Yes, that would explain why Cas is unable to move and speak.” Sam concurred. “And it must be one far more powerful to not only ward off angels, but it has the ability to enfeeble them drastically as well.”
The witch rolled her eyes, then walked towards Castiel with haste. Snatching ahold of the glass vial with her left hand, Abigail pulled it towards her chest; which in return dragged Castiel along with it. “Nonetheless, allow me to remedy that for you,” Abigail grumbled, as she tugged.
Castiel said nothing. Although, his eyes did shine brightly with a divine glow for a second or two before they returned back to the normal, luminous blue that Dean cherished ever so.
Suddenly a strange, gravitational force pulled both Dean and Sam forth, ramming them through the sliding shutter doors, and right into the opposite wall that stood in front of them.          Colliding into the wall at the same time, only then to be thrust back into the laundry room with even greater force again, both Winchesters dropped their weapons and fell to the ground with pain.
Sam reluctantly released his friend and stood back up to his full height.
“1 (@nt ^^0ve.”   &    “T#I$ @&E@ #@$ 8eeN ^^@arDeD!”
“What does your’s say?” Sam asked.
“Dean, he was just concerned about us,” Castiel interjected. “Show a little compassion. He is your brother after all.”
“We’ve arrived.” Sam said with a mild cheer in his voice. “I think…”
“Don’t tell me what to do!” Dean sneered. “He’s…”
Before the two witches saw sam stir, Sam swiftly shut his eyes and pretended to be unconscious for the time being. Listening ever carefully, so he could map out in his head where the witches would move before he stood up to act as best he could—despite his hands were still bound—Sam bide his time.
“Uh, well,” The man continued, sounding more flustered the longer Sam continued to hug him without pause. “To answer your first question, Sam. You made it to the right location. However you are parked in the wrong spot… I would suggest you turn around and take the next street down so you can park this car of your’s in my garage on the other side of the house. I rather nothing happen to it while you guys visit.”
,” Abigail muttered, “We haven’t even begun to interrogate them!” The young witch quickly pointed at Sam Winchester afterwards with her off hand. “Besides, the binding magic of our phantasmal chains is starting to wane.” Abigail grinned minorly, her eyes narrowed closely on Sam’s own. Inspecting him carefully for the slightest sign of movement, Abigail paused momentarily. Thereafter, she inverted her palm upward with her index finger still extended outward, then slowly connected her middle finger to her thumb. “This one is already monitoring our every word—attempting to glean insight on how to oppose us.”
“Restituere carne et anima, Et oblinito maledictioni cor tuum, et speculum. ut benedicat e novo. restituere vigorem.” The three witches said again. “Novam vitam restituere. Ut benedicat tibi Deus May, James - lupus certatior mi fide!”
Dean quickly glared over to his brother for an explanation. “Is that true?” Dean asked.
The young witch swiftly clasped her other hand on the vial and squeezed it tightly. Next Abigail muttered something under her breath that only Castiel and Sam understood. “Beati lux et umbra supra, obsecro, haec essentia a malo defendat. proprietatem in tuto collocari. huius benedicat angelus.” Abigail muttered.
"I'm sorry," Dean admitted, defeated. "I love you," he added, looking back up at the angel. "I shouldn't have… I should have thought about you and Sam. I didn't, and I'm sorry."
The camera wasn’t very steady, clearly held by someone on one end, walking toward the familiar faces. And while one face was comforting, and image of Dean drinking from a red solo cup, leaning against a wall, the other face had Sam digging his nails into his skin and Castiel fidgeted uncomfortably. It was clearly Lucifer, or perhaps Nick, Lucifer’s long time vessel.
"My father hated that I loved humans as much as I did, and he banished me to the cage for centuries, lying about me to my brothers and to humans. I became 'the devil' and had no say in it," Lucifer continued with spite.
Sam gave him a grim smile. He spent most of his time worrying about Dean, and this wasn't the first time he disappeared without a trace. The only difference was that this wasn't right. Dean only ever ran off alone if they were fighting, and he was on good terms with both him and Cas these days. He also only ran off if there was something personal.
So without thinking, just acting on his famous save-people-above-anything-else reflexes, he stuffed the phone into his pocket and ran into the rift as it closed with a pop.
Damn, he loved Jody.
“I don’t know,” a familiar voice came from behind all of them. “I know how much you like kicking and punching.”
Maybe a little jealous, but mainly happy.
"Yeah, sure you do," Lucifer sarcastically chided.
He honestly did not. Castiel always sort of assumed that he was a bit of a burden at times, like Dean didn’t really want him to live with them at the bunker, that he was just being nice.
"How do you know about Samuel Campbell?"
He knew it must have been something Mia said to him, but even after they got back to the bunker and were out of earshot, she wouldn't tell him exactly what she said, and Dean wasn't entirely sure why.
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
"For what?"
"He may have been a tad… out of character."
"Come again?"
Lucifer stepped in front of Dean protectively again. "Ruth, I know that-"
After she calmed down, she stepped away, rubbing at her eyes. "I'm sorry, I thought this would be easy. I thought it wouldn't be hard to see-"
“Yelled at you for endangering his precious Baby?”
"Dean…"
"Aw, I'm your favorite?" Kevin teased, but the condescension was undercut by his loud panting breaths.
Mia turned to Dean with a proud look on her face, and Cas almost felt a bit guilty for helping cause that defeated, angry look on Dean.
The archangel rubbed a hand on the back of his neck awkwardly. "Five. To be safe, six."
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
As he pushed on, he thought about his options. Currently, he had zero options. He had a broken leg, no car, and no right way to defend himself. But if he could just get to a car and hotwire it, maybe he could get to the bunker, beg this world's Sam and Dean for help creating a rift back home.
He didn't want to think about the phone right now. And whatever the hell Cas was thinking. Now wasn't the time, now was the time for saving lives, and he needed to act quickly the moment he got in the bunker.
Chuck didn’t seem very proactive about this little rendezvous. True, he was the one who sought Lucifer out in the first place, but he was making Lucifer fly him, rather than just snapping his fingers to transport them or pausing time or something God-like. He was acting lazy.
“Do you think that… this is the moment?”
Dean wasn't sure how it all started, but he did remember a scream from a young boy before he noticed anything else.
However, now that Dean had found his peace, it was a lot harder the following day when he snuck out in the early morning after only a few hours of sleep only to hop back in the Impala and drive to Rufus' cabin to meet with Kevin. He truly wanted so desperately to stay.
He already knew that it was. Mia proved his suspicion when she couldn't even manage to spend an hour lying to Jody. Dean had an advantage she didn't have, it was his Sam and his Cas waiting for him. Technically, if he had been able to pull off the lies, if everything had gone according to plan and he hadn't been in that car accident coming from Hell, then he would have the ability to pretend that nothing happened.
While in the hospital with Max, Dean prompts Lucifer to see what would have happened if they didn't come home...
Lucifer began to re-ground himself. He got so swept up in viewing the other timeline that apparently a few seconds had passed where he was just standing in the hospital room, zoning out.
"So good to see you boys. I see your leg's healed up, Dean," Jody mused as she hugged Sam and a slightly awkward Cas.
Dean cocked his head slightly, not expecting any sort of acknowledgment from them quite yet. "Sorry, what video?"
Dean tilted his head, unsure of what he was even saying. But Lucifer reached into Dean's pocket with the other hand and pulled out the photo that he still carried with him, unfolded it, and shoved it in his face. Even though Dean saw Lucifer do everything and had seen the picture a trillion times, he still let out a little gasp when he was met with that image of Sam and Cas smiling and laughing alongside him, popping champagne.
One key, in particular, stood out from the others, and again he wasn’t sure why. He kept it on the ring but laid it out flat on his palm, grazing it with his fingertips.
Kevin shook his head. He may be scared of going to literal Hell, but he wasn't about to let Dean go by himself. He needed back up, and Kevin would just have to be the one to provide that.
"Yes."
"Sorry, we forgot." Cas's voice was empty and dry.
"I can't; this world hasn't done a good job of preserving its essential magical artifacts."
Lucifer thought for a moment, before deciding on the best potential candidate. "You could ask Sam."
“Look, I have good news and bad news,” Mia replied honestly. “The good news is that there’s like a fifty percent chance that Dean is fine. The bad news is there’s still a fifty percent chance he’s not. The issue that arises now is how to know which actually happened.”
She leaned back into her chair again. "I can't tell you, real-witch. That's up to you."
“You’ll get them killed, and you’ll blame me.”
Castiel had a lot of questions about the archangels. Lucifer was alive. Raphael was alive. It was clearly them, Dean even said their names and called them both by nicknames. Nicknames! Dean called Lucifer “Luc” and “pal” and teased him. He called Raphael “Raph”. The Raphael that Castiel had fought against would have disintegrated anyone who ever referred to him by anything other than his proper title. They were supposed to be dead. And now, they were alive and Dean didn’t seem to be mad at them or scared of them at all.
Dean's shoulders slumped, not looking forward to yet another tongue-lashing from the woman wearing the face of his maternal figure and friend. "Look, Jody, I promise, no one hurt her."
Dean stared into Luc's eyes. Who was he really? When had Dean stumbled upon this archangel, one who had spent his life striving to avoid causing people any grief?
"I don't understand."
But if there is anything Sam and Cas taught him, it's that leaving is worse.
"Do you think I'm stupid? It's just supposed to be a coincidence that your gun and your machete are missing, along with my daughter, who begged you to let her out in the field?!"
His heel hit the air, and his hurting body followed, at least pushing himself off as to avoid the bloodthirsty arms reaching out as if to grab him from mid-air, and he felt himself fall.
Dean. Jody Mills called him by his first name. He honestly had forgotten that she could call him anything other than “Winchester”.
Dean nodded at him. "Precisely," he replied. "I still have the damn box, but we can build a smaller one."
Mia slowly begins to give some things away and Dean reappears in a familiar place
Kevin had told Mia about the video footage he had from her birthday. Just some cute messages from everybody, including her mother. But she never asked him to cut it together or show her, because she never knew if she was ready or how she would react. It was all a bit… scary.
"He lied to me and forced me to come here. I didn't want to go to Hell and work with those maggots down there, and I certainly didn't want to waste the last six years monitoring you. I did everything I did to impress God, but you just killed God."
"There is one key per archangel, a key that signifies their release from their own prisons. The prison concept can vary between literal and figurative, of course, but once you've collected all four keys, all you need to do is to get them all together in a box that no man or entity can open." Raphael let out a small sigh. "That part may be what stumps us, however."
“You know, the make or break moment, the climax, the final boss battle, the end?” Kevin supplied.
Cas shook his head, the nine bags he was juggling on his shoulders, arms, wrists, and hands jostling with each step-down. "You dropped the eggs, Sam. I think it would be best for me to complete this task." There was taunting humor in the angel's voice and face, and Sam had half a mind to push him down the stairs. He really was spending too much time with Dean.
"Let me tell you all about Kevin's karaoke machine…"
To be fair, Dean never knew what was going through his own Jody's head. The only difference now was that she seemed to hate him, and yet they still slept in the same third-floor room every night, with poor Sean trying to awkwardly mediate.
Dean was beginning to hate Kevin’s newfound confidence, but there was something about him saying that that just stunned him too much to argue. Something almost… freeing, about it.
"Of what?"
Sam pulled out his phone again and showed Trinity the same photo he shoved in Trooper Wagner’s face. “Was this man the one you saw?”
"What's wrong? What happened?" Dean shot up from the position where he had apparently been lying down, and he felt his chest caught by Lucifer's hands.
Now, how the hell was Mia supposed to answer that?!
God, it was hard to look at him.
They handed them out, and after excluding children, each person had some form of helpful weapon, and they tried to make sure families and couples had one of each between them.
Hugging Cas was different because it had to be real. None of his dreams would ever have been able to fake the sincerity and love that he felt in that embrace. Nothing he could have imagined or fantasized about back in Lucifer's world would be anywhere near as real and perfect as actually being wrapped in Cas's familiar trenchcoated arms. He looked the same, he smelled the same, he felt the same, he was the same in every way as Dean remembered but could never recapture alone.
"Don't you dare," Dean shot his friend with a deadly glare. "None of this was your fault. It wasn't mine, or anybody's, except Ruth. And Chuck, of course."
Dean had feared this since his many conversations with Lucifer about changing and being a different person when he came back. He had been terrified of being a different person, a person that Cas wouldn't like. He never wanted to be somebody Cas didn't like.
He might as well have screamed, "we have a deal!" from the way Jody eyed him with suspicion.
Lucifer had no clue what he stumbled upon in that river, because dammit if everything the man said wasn't more and more intriguing and vague and mysterious. Gabriel had been dead for centuries, and Michael had been dead for about sixty years now. The only brother he had left was a nomad who lived in isolation, guarding his treasure hoard like some mythological dragon, and Lucifer had honestly never seen this man in his life.
He wouldn’t die letting Cas think he didn’t love him as much as he could.
Wait a damn minute, why the hell was he in his Baby?!
Raphael nodded. "Yes… how did you know his name?"
Except morning came, rather quickly, and he had broken things; he had broken many, many things.
“I can’t calm down!” Mia looked offended that he would even ask her to. “Dad, my friends could be dead. And after Mom, I don’t know if I can take any more losses! What do I even do if Dean’s dead? I devoted six years to send him home, sending him here, and if he’s gone, then I failed.”
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
Dean had wondered where they were and what they were doing. True, he seldom left the base and the forest it was located in, but you'd think that he'd see at least one demon in his six year stay, one single rogue demon, but nothing.
"You've lost a lot of blood, but I can help you. I promise you, I'm not whoever it is you believe me to be. I just want to help you."
Kevin was waiting in the hall, and he joined them quickly as they ran away from the doors and the hall and began up the stairs.
She cocked her head, thoughtfully. "Oh. That's a lot better."
Lucifer watched as the troubled hunter wandered back inside. He felt like he might have done some damage there, though that was not his intention. Perhaps enlightening Dean about his own vulnerability had caused him to retreat back inside his walls, or maybe his profession of how much he and Mia cared about him only made him feel more self-deprecating than ever.
Lucifer stood up to face him. “Dean, they are as safe as they can get right now. We’re not. We need a plan.”
So Dean and Lucifer walked into the cafeteria, now filled with people eating, drinking, talking, and dancing, with music playing over the loudspeaker. Sometimes it really sucked that they were in a school.
Dean shrugged off his confusion, being the one with the most secrets at the moment anyway. "He's going to be alright; Mia needed total privacy to do her… healing thing."
"You're probably right," Dean said, stretching his back and hearing it pop. God, exactly how old was he getting now? "Don't worry, Luc, I'll be sure to stick around now. You aren't getting rid of me that easy, you know. Especially after you tried so hard to force me to stick around, you know, the living." He shot Lucifer a classic Dean Winchester wink, and he thought Lucifer was trying to roll his eyes, but the fondness and relief kept him from accomplishing it.
Cas tilted his head ever so slightly, not giving away anything he was feeling, which annoyed Dean to no end. "Dean… was it… true? Was it how you said it?"
Sam and Dean shared a confused look. "Uh, is Max there?" Sam asked cautiously.
"Because I hate him as much as the next guy, but that's never exactly been on the table."
Ruth extended her arm and threw Dean against the wall, pinning him a foot off the ground, just beside the door he almost made it through.
The last thing Ruth saw was Dean disappear through a portal with a guilty frown, and Rowena’s guards kept her from getting to it fast enough before it disappeared.
Lucifer nodded as he sat down on the log, watching as Dean dragged a slightly smaller one across from it. "Maybe you're right, but at least she asked you to take Mia out."
"In return, I only ask two things."
Dean felt a second away from boiling over and losing his mind, but then he paused and took a deep breath, shutting his eyes momentarily.
"I was there right after when they were made, so yes," he responded, still not taking his eyes off of Dean. Something about his face glowing just above the water lapping at his ears, highlighted by the bright moonlight, it was breathtaking. He could stare at him all day.
Sam nodded, rolling his eyes understandingly. "Tap that well as long as you can," he advised, going back to his breakfast.
Dean took a deep breath before continuing. "I know you don't like me, Jody, and I'm never going to ask you to. I know what my presence means for you, for your daughter, but listen to me for a second as though you don't hate me. Everything sucks. Everything in the entire world is shit; it just is. And you can't do anything about it, I can't do anything about it, and it's only going to get shittier. But there's a way to stop all of this shit from escalating. A way to finally rid this world of the one being in charge of how long it lasts. But that doesn't change how helpless you feel, how helpless you have felt, and how helpless you will continue to feel. Because even if we take God's powers, you're still left with this," he gestured around them. "This… this shithole of a planet, in this state that it's in. But all you have to do, all you owe your family, all you owe your universe, is to wake up every morning."
She waved her hands, waiting for him to understand what she was saying, but he just shrugged at her, causing her to throw her head back and groan loudly.
Dean scoffed at him. "You worry too much, Luc. We'll be fine. Right, Mia?"
"I think we all are," Sam mused, replaying the image of his brother's anger fading in his head over and over. Maybe if he could memorize this exact scenario, he could get Dean to do that more often, the whole "self-control" bit. "That's the first time he didn't detonate The Bomb."
And then there was Dean. Standing slightly behind Lucifer, studying every inch of the room.
Dean rolled his eyes. "Of course not! And I didn't have gray hair either, so don't you even start!" He corrected his brother smugly.
That was really the only question that mattered. Dean put his feelings out on the table, but Castiel hadn’t. And though Sam found it hard to believe he was ever wrong about those two before, suddenly at the moment he had doubt creep into his mind.
"I think I could do that as soon as you fulfill your side of the deal," she responded aggressively, glaring at him as though she were challenging him to disagree right there, in front of Sam and Cas, who did not know what Dean's deal entailed.
Sam called and told her they were coming before they left, but he purposefully left out Mia at Cas's request. Castiel knew that there was something odd about Mia and Dean's argument at breakfast, so he wanted to see Jody's reaction to seeing Mia without having time to prepare, in case it might let out some critical information about what was going on with Dean. This was, of course, before Cas decided to leave well-enough alone to keep Dean happy a few hours later in the car. But Jody had already known about Dean's broken leg, and the fact that it was rather miraculously healed because Sam had called Jody the second Dean was missing to see if she could reach out to people, so he felt obligated to let her know that he was home safe. She didn't know about Mia, but she had to assume there was magic involved.
Dean froze. Dammit, Mia had been more determined than ever the past couple of days to get out there and fight monsters and prove herself.
"FUCKING FINALLY!" Mia's voice made everyone turn around, jumping a bit. She was standing there, looking excited as all hell, next to Luc, who looked embarrassed to have been noticed, clearly not wanting to intrude.
At the moment, it was a monster in front of him and a civilian behind him, though he knew very well Lucifer was no civilian. But he was also no monster, so his hunter instincts to protect those around him kicked in full throttle.
They lied in silence for a little while, Kevin and Mia mumbling about something neither were paying any mind to.
Everyone who knew Lucifer knew about this world's ongoing apocalyptic destruction. God was trying to clear out this world, so he slowly sicced Purgatory souls on humanity. Vampires, werewolves, skinwalkers, shifters, you name it.
Dean and Luc looked at each other, tabling anything and everything they had been arguing about for the last couple of days. Ruth wanted to go home. It made sense, she seemed to hate Hell and the demons within it, so maybe she really was just homesick. But if Chuck was powerless now, the only way she was getting back is if she found all the ingredients herself for a spell.
Sean was trailing behind his wife, looking more relieved than angry, but he didn't add anything as Jody planted herself in front of her daughter.
Dean hurried to his side, leaning over him and gently pushing him back down to the bed. "Hey, Max, relax, it's okay. You're okay, you're going to be fine."
"Okay, now does someone want to tell me what's going on?" Sam asked exasperatedly as he walked over and stood beside Cas.
"Dean, you do know that I'm not actually a witch, right?!" She hissed at him, looking more than a bit frightened and concerned.
Chuck gave him a warm smile, which would have been comforting on literally anyone else's face, but only served to make him feel less safe than before. "I see you took my bait. Funny thing, bait. No one truly cares about it, not once they've been caught."
Castiel figured that was enough panicking and overthinking for one day and decided to hide in his room, where he would hopefully not break anything until morning.
Thanks for sticking with this fic! I'm not listing it as completed yet because as mentioned before, there will be one more chapter installment as I will be doing an ALTERNATE ENDING! As asked previously, I will do one more chapter in the coming weeks about what would have happened if Dean had let the six years pass for Sam and Cas as well. It will be short and mostly just extra Destiel and angst, so if that's not your thing, feel free to be finished here!
"Sorry. Just… Kevin, Mia, go look for firewood. We'll camp out here for the night." Dean was already kicking leaves and sticks away from this small clearing, dragging a massive log over as a makeshift seat.
The old, tired hunter looked out the window once more to see the smoke cloud grow larger and larger, maybe a minute away from destroying this car and everyone in it, and all he could think about was how he couldn’t possibly die before fulfilling his end of the deal with Mia.
Lucifer had hoped to leave the base unnoticed. It was sort of his specialty, considering he could fly and therefore disappear in the blink of an eye.
Dean rolled his eyes. "That's not necessary, Mia, we should just go see Raphael. We're so close!" He motioned to the waterfall that was now only a few yards out.
It was like he couldn't breathe. He grasped the handle on his door but didn't open it; he just attempted to calm his mind and ride out his fear and panic, but behind his eyelids were images of Dean laughing and smiling and sleeping soundly in his arms as he carried him to his room. It was all too much, and he wanted to scream.
She rushed forward, followed by both a male and female nurse, and they haphazardly shoved the two men out of their way, the nurses trying to push Max down on the bed.
Dean has a delirious run in with a nightmare from his past
"You have to promise never to give up and resign yourself to living here. You can't decide to sacrifice your happiness for this world either; if you get the chance, you will go home, no hesitations or hang-ups for the people here."
"Mia, look at me." He paused and waited for her to do so. "I'm nervous. I'm nervous to tell a boy about my feelings. My life is a high school movie-"
Sam wasn't having it. He wasn't going to sit around, thinking his brother was dead, and he wasn't going to let Cas give up hope either. He knew how much Castiel loved Dean, and he wouldn't let him spiral. Not now. Dean hadn't even been gone a day; they still had options.
The angel simply waited patiently as they put the box back where they found it and Sam dug out their old police scanner. Castiel thought on the phone call a bit more. Particularly, the last bit. Even more particularly, what it meant or did not intend to mean.
This one was extra cute because I won't be able to have a new chapter out until Thursday night/Friday morning because I'm moving into my dorms, but tomorrow is my birthday so this chapter was a little early birthday present to me :)
Lucifer killed monsters, and even that kept him up at night. Not like he slept anyway, but it was more figurative. The Leviathans were the hardest part because they were the most human. Many had gone insane in Purgatory, but out of wolves and vamps, they definitely acted the sanest. And Luc had to take every one of them out because no one else could.
Cas did notice and did his best to hide how happy it made him feel.
His gaze lingered on Cas for a little longer, staring directly into his eyes and avoiding everything else about his face.
Dean knew that look. He knew it because he had lost Sam so many times before. That was the look of a brother who lost a brother. "I'm sorry, Luc."
Cas was immediately on his feet. "Is it Dean?"
“What the hell is that?!” Kevin shouted nervously from the front seat.
Trinity smiled warmly at all three of them. “Come in!”
"Oh god, Mia…" Dean stood up, finally taking his eyes off of Jody's still form. "I should go with him; she should have a friend there."
Dean simply shrugged. “Hey, this is Lucifer we’re talking about. Lucifer. Need I remind you what he’s done to us, historically?”
"I'm sorry that-"
Most recently, Mia had given away some frightening clues, tossing around phrases like they made any sense and were perfectly normal for the situation. She mentioned something about Dean being “down there”, Dean being “still gone”, she seemed surprised that Dean was “on this physical plane” which was an alarming concept. She knew about Dean’s little Ma’lak box but didn’t realize she couldn’t open it, and she seemed to think there was something she had to do with the box to save her father and finish a job.
Luc waved his hand through the air. "You're my best friend, Dean, and there's nothing I wouldn't do for you, even if you make some questionable decisions."
"Excuse me?"
Sam parked the truck in Trinity’s driveway and they all hopped out wordlessly, walking toward the door. It didn’t even occur to Sam that they weren’t wearing Fed suits until Mia had already rung the doorbell.
"Let's celebrate!" Kevin screamed from his position as Dean's backpack, and he heard as everyone in the room erupted into cheering and excited chattering.
"No, you're damn right she isn't," Dean cut her off, his voice icy and firm. "She does not know you. She will not recognize you, and she never even had a daughter of her own. What are you trying to do to me?"
Sam’s eyes went wide and he immediately looked back at the box, trying and failing to open it. “Why does he have this? And why is it so important? And why can’t I… get this damn thing… open?!” Sam was practically out of breath in his last sentence as he was using all his strength to try and pry it open, to no avail.
He thought going up the stairs had probably been more manageable than going down, but driving was more challenging than he expected. Still, it didn't stop him from going at ungodly speeds.
“Unfortunately,” Cas responded, replaying his own mental journey through Sam.
But that still didn't excuse the massacre she led on their base. She killed children, she killed Jody Mills, she tried to kill Dean. She was a monster.
How often would he use that word now? Jesus, what was he becoming?
Dean took this time to glance over at Mia to see if she had stirred. Cas seemed to notice this and slowly and quietly crept over to Mia, laying a hand on her. She was still asleep but there was no damage to her head. Dean sent him a grateful look, which Cas returned with a mix of fear and frustration as if he was begging Dean to end all of this. Dean sent him a look that was just plain apologetic, and Cas was unexpectedly filled with a wave of love and adoration that almost knocked him to the ground.
"Look, I know what I've done here is… weird. And I totally understand if you're uncomfortable with me now. I only ask that if you decide to leave you let Sam know it's on me, okay?"
Finally, Raphael took a step toward his brother, quickly starting toward him.
"And Dean, you were just cool with that?" Sam asked, slightly accusationally.
"Why are you so nice to me?" The stranger interrupted Lucifer's self-conscious rambling. This time it was apparent, he was staring at him with a new level of incredulity that Lucifer didn't even receive when trying to explain to humans that angels were real.
Also, return of Chuck next chapter!!!
"Why is that?"
"This is as far as I can take you without Raphael feeling my presence," Lucifer warned. "If anything goes wrong, if he so much as lifts his hand to snap his fingers, you pray to me, and you'll be out of there immediately, and we'll find the fruit some other way. Promise?"
"I don't have another choice."
He never minded doing the dishes. Something was soothing about filling the sink with warm water and sticking your hands in, especially calloused and worn hands like his own.
"Yes, all but this one. Don't worry, this one won't be around forever either." He shot Dean a wink. "You're not from the only world deserving of a special kind of death. Your world will be last because it is special, and it has you and your brother and Castiel. This world is also special for… another reason." The brazen, patronizing, smiley act dropped to reveal a darker look on his face for once. It was less like the recent Chuck, but not like the original one. More like the Chuck who was sad about Amara. Dean had no idea how to start deciphering that.
"It's like, a piece of frozen lightning, or something. It's gold, and hovering above the ground, shining and moving around a bit."
She gave him a sheepish smile. "I guess you've figured out the rest then, huh?"
Still, feelings continued to be feelings, and love continued to be love, and Dean Winchester would continue to be Dean Winchester, and it would probably take a life or death situation for that to change.
Raphael nodded excitedly. "Yes, we'll probably have to make a smaller one, but that would be perfect. First, we'll need the keys."
Dean threw his arm around Max with a big grin on his face. "That would be great, you guys, but who's going to tell the doctor why her patient is up and kicking?"
"Sam! Cas!" He said their names with hope, waiting for them to turn around. They didn't. They were still facing forward, and Dean's desperate voice didn't even make them flinch. He desperately wanted them to turn around and look at him.
"She certainly doesn't fit what I expected."
“It isn’t that simple at all,” Luc argued. “Right now, they’re as safe as they can be. Chuck doesn’t even know where the box is, and Ruth thinks you have the key. The second we reemerge, Ruth will kill you, and she’ll destroy the box. We don’t know how to win yet.”
Max nodded definitively. "I'm sure, Dean. And I'm sorry."
Dean laughed. "Cas, this guy, he's a hunter in my book, but I'm not sure he will ever see himself that way." To aid Lucifer's other look, he added, "he's an angel."
“Okay!” Dean clapped his hands together. “Let’s get back to the bunker and put an end to this!”
Kevin hated himself sometimes. But he couldn’t leave. He had to let Dean go from his protector, leadership position as he realized earlier, and that meant staying here and not abandoning him to protect Raphael and face his fate alone. And it didn’t help that Lucifer wasn’t answering his prayers to just swoop in for the save.
"I'm sorry?"
“Sorry, this is a private conversation,” Mia snapped at the stranger, not in the mood to deal with this random stranger. He looked very odd, he wore sneakers and jeans with a blazer and button up, and had a short yet somehow unruly beard.
“Let me guess, in case of me?” A cheerful voice came suddenly from beside Lucifer.
She folded her lips in to make a flat, humorless smile. "You know that tall guy who disappeared in the blink of an eye?"
Lucifer had been a gift. The friendship he had with him was different than the one he had with his brother and his angel. It wasn't as deep and fire-forged, but it was still validating and comfortable. He trusted the archangel, and the angel trusted him too.
"Dean, I'm sorry I couldn't-"
She hissed, waving a finger in Dean's face. "You shut your mouth, Dean Winchester, or I will kill you. And I believe you know I don't need weapons to do so."
"You have to focus. Even when you're in a bad situation, you have to hold on to that semblance of focus that will keep your gun aimed at your target." Dean began to speak through instructions as they walked back to the school in the early daylight.
"What does 'communicating with someone' even mean? Your requests are trivial and vague."
Lucifer and Kevin recognized this as a goodbye and rounded the car, wrapping Dean in a hug.
"Hey," a weak voice came from beside him. Kevin. Dean whipped his head over to him, ignoring everything else in the room.
Not wanting to be there for this part, Lucifer sent Mia an awkward look. “Listen, Dean,” the archangel started. “There’s something I need to do before this can all be over. I’ll come back later, okay?”
When he had finally realized what Cas was to him, what he meant to him, a few weeks back, he hadn't known what to think. Sure, he had to readdress how he saw himself in the world, but loving Cas wasn't a hard thing to picture, even if it was a bit foreign to realize in that context.
He heard ungodly screeches behind him as he ran. His heart was pumping, and his blood was rushing in his ears. He felt scared, more than he had been in a long time. He felt so utterly unequipped and unprepared and unsafe at the moment.
Sam and Cas got home from the store a little after noon. Sam wanted to go to a health foods store because he knew that whatever Dean would cook would be delicious, but would somehow find a way to be incredibly unhealthy. He thought maybe if he only had healthy ingredients, he wouldn't find a way to make it an artery-clogger.
Whether this Lucifer could be trusted or not, Dean had to admit he was not the Lucifer he knew. This one had no idea who Dean was, so if Dean was going to get through this, he had to judge Lucifer as a new archangel, like he had no idea who he was. Because he really knew nothing about him, other than the fact that he was the devil, more specifically the devil who happened to be out rescuing people from rivers and bringing them shelter and fresh clothes.
Ruth may have devastated their home, but they definitely cleaned house on Chuck loyalists.
"I assumed since you were a hunter, you'd see in black and white."
Thanks for reading!!!
This wasn't just about liking Dean, or even liking him more than his brother; it was about liking him more than anyone. Liking him more than anything or person or task in his life.
He wanted to follow Dean inside, but he knew it wouldn't do anything. Whatever was going through Dean's head at the moment wouldn't disappear with any words Luc could think up.
Raphael smiled. "Well, Lucifer and I can figure our own keys out. Lucifer, you were held prisoner in the cage for centuries, so yours is more surface level."
"What one thing?!" Mia snapped as she joined Luc and Dean in the center of the room. "You killed my mother and countless other people at our base. You're a monster."
Before they could get back in the truck, Trooper Wagner chased them down. “Wait, boys!” He called as he puffed his way up the hill after them. “Since yall think it’s a big deal kinda case, I should give you this,” he told them as he handed them a small flash drive.
His friend who had never given him the respect and love he deserved and had earned over and over again, just by being there for those stupid, slightly suicidal Winchesters.
Fortunately, so did Mia, so she stormed off from where she came. Dean knew too well that this would not be the end of the argument, but he wanted too desperately to get this little mission over with to try and interject.
"Right!" Lucifer clapped his hands together. "Are we ready?"
“Don’t look at me!” Rowena exclaimed indignantly. “You’re a Winchester, don’t you lot usually just kick and punch your way through?”
"I apologize," Raphael began. "I thought you were angels."
The demons parted like the red sea as the three guards brought her forth and tossed her aggressively to the floor in front of Ruth’s feet, and Ruth instinctively drew her legs back, not wanting the filthy Hell-bound soul to dirty up her shoes.
Mia’s face fell, she had looked almost hopeful before. “Damn it,” she muttered to herself. She looked back at them. “How long has he been down there?”
Dean finally decided to say something. "Did Samuel's bad timing have anything to do with these angels you were so worried about?"
Dean recalled his last moments of consciousness. "Did Ruth get away?"
Dean gathered everyone into the school auditorium, and he felt a bit ridiculous standing on the stage and giving them lessons like it was a lecture. Still, he wanted to be sure that everyone learned how to use the weapons as quickly as possible.
He finally resigned himself to bring Dean to an actual room. "I'll come back with a sleeping bag. I hope it's okay to sleep on the floor," Kevin mentioned as they climbed the stairs.
Instead of laughing outright, Kevin just stared out the windshield in shock. Dean Winchester wasn't scared of anything. He wasn't supposed to be. “You didn’t even tell Lucifer?”
As the angels tussled in the air, Cas felt a strange feeling, like an understanding he didn’t have before. He closed his eyes and envisioned the calm scenario that Dean claimed to use to defuse the Bomb. He pictured himself floating on his back on a river, pointing out constellations to Dean who was floating beside him. No Chuck, no Lucifer, no Kevin, no Mia, just the two of them, floating hand in hand. He wanted that world. He needed that world.
Sam sighed and scratched the back of his neck. "You don't have to come, Cas; I know you don't know him, but I don't think sitting here being sad or angry is doing either of us any favors."
He spent pretty much his entire “adult” life - if what you could call eternity was ever in phases of development at least - locked in a cage. And he’d been singing his sob story about his millennium of isolation ever since he was released, and he seldom thought it mattered much anymore. He was out, so now he got to focus on the important things.
"What's wrong?" Mia asked, batting her eyes innocently. Dean shot her a glare that sent her a step back before he slumped his shoulders and let out a defeated sigh. He wouldn't get anywhere yelling at them.
Sam’s face darkened again, coming back down from that brief, light pause they had. “Yeah, if only Dean could’ve seen that.”
The voice on the other end had an echo. "Yeah, I know. Listen, I've found something… odd."
The prophet understood dedication and family, he also wouldn't let himself rot in a cabin somewhere, but that was probably because he would have been in too much pain to just live with an injury like the one Lucifer described. He wouldn't believe the man walking beside him was the same man Lucifer pulled from the river if he hadn't seen Lucifer work his miracles before.
Lucifer raised an eyebrow. "That's quite a feat. How'd you manage that?"
"I'm sorry," Dean said instead, and the immediate change in expression on their faces showed that it did the trick. Because Dean was sorry, he was so sorry about everything that he had been through and had to lie about. He was so sorry that he couldn't manage to tell Cas that he was in love with him. He was so sorry that he couldn't save Jody's life.
The farmer had been strange. He was angry, he held a large rifle, and he reminded Max of that creepy, predatory old hunter from that Disney movie his sister loved so much when they were kids, The Fox and the Hound.
After being in Purgatory, he knew he had a leg up on how to defend himself. Hell, being a hunter, was probably in and of itself an advantage. He couldn't imagine how guilty he'd feel if Chuck decided to end Dean's world in this way. He didn't like the idea of having to watch, unable to do anything to protect humanity from the things you'd been protecting them from in secret for generations.
"He… hugged me… and he wasn't very emotionally stable. He was… shaking? I guess?" Cas admitted. "I'll admit that something is going on with him, but what exactly are we supposed to do about it? Shouldn't we just be happy that he's here and not dead? Shouldn't you be happy that my proclamation that he may be dead was dramatic and shortsighted?"
And yet, Luc wouldn't really kill her. Maybe if it came down to it, he'd do what has to be done, but as of right now, his pacifism was pulling for the win. Dean could kill her in a blink if he had the correct weapon, but he was getting the feeling that this face-to-face negotiation was a one-time stop. If Ruth left the bunker with Chuck, they'd never see her again. They'd never see either of them again.
Had Chuck really released Purgatory? Just twisted the doorknob and watched as they all piled out? Fed on humanity? If he wanted to watch this world suffer in its ending, that was a pretty good way to do it. Set Purgatory upon Earth.
"So is getting you home!"
"She was crying," Jody pointed out.
It was charming.
Still holding onto the log but lying back, floating flat on the river, he closed his eyes and imagined that Sam and Cas were floating on either side of him.
Dean lifted the arm that wasn't trapped beneath Cas's unconscious embrace and pointed lazily at the sky like he had so many times before.
The doctor cocked her head slightly. "Yes, you're right that it was a man," she added matter-of-factly, highlighting the fact that Dean already knew the gender as she eyed him suspiciously. "However, I'm afraid any other details were shared with the police who arrived on the scene."
Her eyes were wide. "No, it is not obvious and never was obvious; what the hell do you mean? Kevin and I have been looking forward to that moment for years now!"
Sorry it's so short, but it was the only good cutoff point from this chunk nd I almost forgot to post the chapter tonight lol :)))
He was in some sort of creek or stream or river that ran through a forest. Finally, trees and shade, though he didn't need the shade now, it was very obviously the middle of the night.
"I'm fine!" She snapped back defensively. "I'm just worried about Mia and Sean. I mean, just knowing this kind of thing…" she trailed off, her mouth opening and closing silently, desperately searching for words. But she couldn't find them.
Dean nodded grimly, almost having forgotten that Lucifer figured that out last night. To be fair, he struggled to remember most of the previous day as he hadn't been in a perfect state. "You were."
But Lucifer didn’t foresee a very fun afternoon.
Dean opened his mouth, a sympathetic but unsure look on his face, but before any sound could come out, the door swung open, and Jody stood in the doorframe.
"Why are you letting me have this?" The archangel asked in awe, studying that old polaroid picture that Dean carried with him every day for six years.
"... Dean," Sam began after a long silence. "Were you really gone for that long?" It was sad and earnest and very much like the little brother that Sam was.
Sean sent Mia an unsure glance. “Lucifer,” he began hesitantly, “what are you thinking?”
Before Sam could agree and ask Cas to just put him back in his coma, Max suddenly grabbed Sam's arms with a tight, almost painful grip, digging his nails into the exposed skin on Sam's forearms.
Sam sank into the nearest chair. "My god, Cas. If Dean met her during college, she would have been anywhere between four and seven years old."
The vampire almost seemed zombie-like, stalking toward him silently with no malicious purpose, just simple violent nature. He wondered how the hell this exact, specific vampire found him. He didn't exactly seem to be the brightest bulb.
"Yes, but I think that the paralyzing God part is just a bit more important than your homesickness Winchester," she bit out.
"That's smart, Mia. Thanks." He smiled at her, and she squeezed his hand briefly.
"Dean, what the hell?!" Sam's voice was frustrated, but he quickly lumbered down the metal stairs and approached his brother. "You know, you have some nerve-"
What the hell was Ruth doing, commanding hoards of demons, sitting on the throne of Hell?! She was an ANGEL. That's pretty much all Kevin knew about her, but still. He didn't need to know her well to know she was the monster that killed Jody on Mia's birthday.
He realized that Lucifer had no idea who he was. He had no idea who Sam and Cas were, no recollection of the things the other Lucifer had done, but more notably, he didn't know Dean's extensive history with heaven and hell.
The smoke cloud was growing bigger and bigger. “Stop the car,” Dean commanded, which earned an incredulous look from Kevin through the rearview mirror, but Dean’s stare was unrelenting, and Kevin slammed on the brakes, skidding poor Baby to a stop.
Mia glanced up at Dean as if silently asking for permission to further the lie. "Well… I'm a witch," she stated awkwardly. "I healed his leg."
Lucifer clacked his teeth together, repetitively, thinking. He didn't want to leave the man, definitely not in the state he was in. But he couldn't bring himself to touch the man's leg if he was this scared of him. If the stranger didn't want him to heal him, he felt obligated not to do so.
"Hear that, Dean? It would be nice," Mia sneered, her nature backing away from hostile and returning to teasing and playful, but Dean shot out of his seat.
It wasn’t the answer either of them wanted, but they figured it was best to just let it rest for now. Cas pulled the keyring out of his pocket and showed it to her. “There was a woman who saw the aftermath of the crash, and apparently Dean gave her this.”
But he didn't figure it out right away.
"Look, I'm stuck here, right?" She asked rhetorically. "And you won't let me hurt Chuck, because you don't want me to just get away, so how about a trade? Chuck and I will take your punishment, Lucifer."
"Why does it matter where I got this? It has nothing to do with why I'm speaking to you, Castiel."
But now, he was preparing himself to make them all angry at him because he knew his next decision would not be popular among any of them.
It was odd, as he rolled over, he didn’t see Kevin in his normal spot a few feet away. Dean sat up, rubbing at his eyes, only to notice that he was alone in the room. That never happened, not for six years.
The compartment was actually pretty large, larger than Lucifer had realized upon his first inspection, and after moving some things out of the way, Dean lowered the ornate Ma'lak Box into the floor and covered it with the board, it camouflaging seamlessly into the rest of the ground.
“No? My name is Mia,” she supplied, but halfway through her sentence she realized something. She leaned forward, prompting Trinity forward. “Why do you ask?”
Dean snorted but didn't argue, knowing that his standard self-deprecating bullshit would be more harmful after the evening they'd had. And it would be selfish, considering everyone who had died.
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
"They don't age. They don't just die one day because it's been long enough like people do. I mean, what do you think Cas's plan was for when you and your brother got old?"
“Okay, that’s enough!” Cas interjected, his low voice startling them both. “Look, I get that there is some stuff you aren’t telling us about Dean, but right now, we need to find him. So Mia, if you know anything about where he is or where he’s been or what he’s mixed up in, you have to tell us. This is more important than whatever you fear will happen should you finally tell us the truth.”
"He wouldn't have to lie to Sam and Cas about anything?"
“Cas, we still heard what he said,” Sam added exasperatedly.
Chuck's smile returned, this one scarier than any of the previous ones. "I believe you've noticed I haven't been to your world to visit recently. I don't want the destruction of this world to be quick; I need it to be slow. However, it would be remiss of me to simply allow you and your family to live in peace until this world is good and finished. No, that would take too long. You'd have too much time to be… happy." Chuck made a disgusted face at that. "I simply won't allow it. So I thought I'd kill two pesky birds with one stone. While I take my time here, I won't have to check on you and your family if I'm ensuring you're suffering regardless. So I thought I'd keep you here."
Dean nodded along with the archangel sadly, and reviewed the box in his hands.
"Lucifer! And, the mysterious stranger from the woods, I presume?" The cheery albeit nervous Kevin Tran rounded the corner to them as they made their way further inside.
What was the point of Lucifer saving Dean if Dean wasn't enough?
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
(You should listen to the songs for each chapter! They were my inspiration for the story!)
“Oh get off it!” Ruth yelled at him. “I sent an army of those sniveling roaches and your car was demolished, so unless you happen to be some sort of ethereal being, I’m going to guess that you have another archangel up your sleeve. So why not put him in the game?”
Mia's face lit up. "Michael!"
Dean slept for too long. Long enough that he knew he wasn't okay.
“Here,” she walked back over and handed her father a photograph.
(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly, though he was sitting in the same position, he was no longer in the Impala; instead, he was sitting on the edge of the bed in Lucifer's cabin.
He noted, with dry humor, that Sam would love this. Getting in touch with nature, all that hippie-dippie shit. Hell, Sam would probably be able to tell exactly what time it was down to the minute based on the moon's position or some shit. And Cas would love this view. The way the river pushed him gently, leaving him weightless as he stared up at the well-lit sky. Cas would probably spend the time pointing out constellations and telling Dean stories about them, and Dean would lazily pretend to listen and just smile at how excited Cas could get about stuff like that.
Dean tilted his head to the ceiling. Dammit all. He had kind of been hoping to avoid dealing with demon business. Leviathans might be a bitch to kill, but at least even they were straightforward. Monsters were monsters. But demons? He really hadn't been wanting to deal with those over here. He had enough on his plate.
Dean froze, his blood-chilling as he heard that all too familiar voice coming from behind him, even though he knew that no one had been there when he just surveyed his surroundings.
Castiel and Samandriel...two angels that Lucifer knew by name but had never seen. However, Dean apparently befriended Gabriel? And Michael, as he put it, "only a couple times"?
Obviously, there was no Lucifer around to push Dean into that position again, so Sam always thought that Cas would have to make the first move, but then he learned that Cas was just as stubborn as Dean, if not more so, and he had lost hope.
Song titles are titles of Josh Pyke songs that fit the mood/theme of the chapter
Damn. It. All.
Dean shook his head. "No, for once I'm alone."
They left Luc and Kevin with the three keys, the vial of water, the archangel blade, and the necklace. But Lucifer refused to start searching for the next key until Dean got some time off, some time to focus on being okay being back home, time to readjust.
Sam took in a deep breath and squeezed the unconscious kid's wrist. "Do it," he said sternly, locking eyes with the angel once more.
Castiel stood as quickly as Sam's new lead hit his ears. "You're right. If we can find his car, then we can find out where he went." He abandoned his lukewarm coffee on the table.
Dean was gone for six years.
Admitting defeat, they lead the way to Dean’s room. The bed was still shoved haphazardly across the room and the board that was once blending into the floor was now lying lightly on top, not hiding much of anything.
“Don’t be so smug, Rowena,” Ruth said confidently. “They won’t last any longer than five minutes with what I’m sending them.”
"They don't know, and you're not going to tell them," Dean commanded strictly, glaring at him.
She started nodding, but it quickly changed to shaking her head. "This was a bad idea. I'm sorry, I can't do this."
“Well?” Kevin was not letting this go without his verbal vindication.
Dean stumbled into the familiar cafeteria, now on the verge of having a panic attack, but Chuck wasn’t waiting for him inside.
Dean almost spat out his coffee but decided it would be less gross to just momentarily choke on it instead.
Chuck sighed and ran a hand through his hair. “I know what you’re up to, Lucifer.”
They glanced at each other worriedly. They hadn’t been expecting Mia to know where Dean was, but they were hoping she already had some insight on the car accident.
"Can I just point out how weird it is that the man who wrote the journals was Dean's grandfather? Let's talk about that!" Kevin interjected, trying to cut the tension. Dean shot him a grateful smile for his attempts.
“I suppose it doesn’t do much good without the key,” she grumbled, sitting down in one of the chairs, crossing her arms in annoyance. She was fairly obviously ignoring the fact that Cas and Sam had questions, and she was clearly on her own mission.
Well, he wouldn't get anywhere or solve anything just standing there, so he picked a direction and trudged forwards, albeit awkwardly and painfully with his damn leg.
“I believe so,” Cas said. “I’m just not sure why. But I’m guessing Dean knows a lot more about this than I do.”
Dean recognized most of them as parents of the little kids, and he wasn't surprised by that. Of course, once Kevin said they could be in danger, the ones with the most to lose would volunteer to help.
"Sam, this isn't doing any good. He's just dying!" Cas hissed out at the hunter, still desperately trying to still the scared, very mentally checked out the man in the bed.
All he told them was "leave the Leviathans to Luc" before they charged into the clearing the monsters were camped out in.
Dean noticed that after his admission of fear in an attempt to make Kevin feel better, Kevin did seem much better. He was gripping the wheel with a newfound determination that Dean did not expect to see from him.
Dean grabbed both Sam and Cas's shoulders. "Why don't I take Mia inside first?" He sent them a knowing stare, implying that Mia would attempt to heal him or at least know the extent to which she would need to heal him.
Last call for Max! Also, we're getting close to the end! I'm almost finished writing the story, and once I do I will be able to for sure post every night, so don't be alarmed if I skip a day, I am not giving up on this story :))))))))
He unfurled his hands, the photo straightened in his palms, now flat, dry, and unharmed. He took a moment to examine it; his eyes were immediately drawn to Dean in the middle, holding an open champagne bottle over the man on the far left in the photo, who was laughing against the barrage of alcohol. There was so much joy in the picture, and Lucifer wasn't surprised that it was precious to Dean.
Lucifer was right about Dean's dedication and love for his family, as his face went pale. "I don't know what I'd do."
“It isn’t stuck, Mia, it’s locked,” Cas informed her.
“Drive, DRIVE!” Dean shouted back angrily, his voice still yet unwavering but his resolve ever so slightly so.
Dean would have been away from them for years, and they would have only missed him for a day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam laughed at that, but it carried dark memories. "Yes, that was when I lacked my soul."
"I want you to take her hunting."
As he was about to pass by the kitchen entrance on his way to Dean's room, he stopped. He knew Sam was in there, reading at the table and snacking on an apple, even though it was late. And usually, he would have passed by and even stopped so that Sam could laugh and take a picture to use as blackmail, but there was something that just didn't feel right about that this time.
The angel furrowed his brow, having ignored the feeling earlier. "Well, when we were getting gas a couple hours ago, it seemed to disappear. The emptiness was gone." Catching Sam's look of incredulity, Cas raised his arms. "But I'm not jumping to conclusions here; I might have just been overreacting. Dean is clearly here and fine. Better even than he was yesterday when he left!"
Raphael narrowed his eyes. "Yes. Gabriel died long ago, and Michael and Lucifer killed each other."
Dean's head jerked up, looking around wildly, only to see what he had hoped. The backs of Cas and Sam's heads. Sam was driving, and they were both facing directly out the windshield. Dean couldn't see their faces. He tried to sit up more and look in their eyes, but his seatbelt seemed to be more restrictive than it should be, and he could only see their hair and ears.
Song titles are titles of Josh Pyke songs that fit the mood/theme of the chapter
Dean smiled to himself and he tapped the wheel with his fingers mindlessly, his focus shifting between the road and images of Cas. "Of course," he unknowingly lied.
Kevin's smile reaches his cheekbones. "We need to celebrate."
"Not necessarily. Sometimes they can be much, much worse." Names of angels he didn't have happy memories of flashed through his head. Uriel. Zachariah. Balthazar. Metatron. Gadreel. Michael. Lucifer.
"She was killed by an angel," Dean confessed reluctantly. Cas stiffened, and Dean really wished he didn't have to be telling him this.
She had a point, but after Michael died Lucifer hardly interacted with anyone for fear of them believing Chuck's lies about him being the devil. So he instead fixated on the lake ahead of them. "Sometimes I forget that our apocalypse started before Dean showed up."
Everyone just stared at them in anticipation. The scenario was quickly snowballing as two of the most powerful villains the Winchesters and their angel had ever faced were now standing in their bunker.
"What the hell was that?!" Sam asked incredulously after Dean's footsteps had receded entirely down the hall. He turned slightly to face Mia. "Did you do that?"
"Hello?"
Yet, Dean was now holding onto the box and opening it with ease. Of course.
Just because Luc didn't want to look for the key didn't mean that Dean was stranded with nothing to do.
Lucifer chewed on his bottom lip, handing Raphael his key back. "Michael's key might be easier. I know he kept a few writings and had a few angel loyalists that may know the truth about his death." His face became clouded. "Gabriel, I'm not so sure about."
Instead, he slowed the car down enough so that he could turn his body to actually face the angel, and he said, "thank you."
Cas stayed in the kitchen for a while, unsure what to do with what he got from her. Six years ago… what happened six years ago?
“Warn us? Sean, what’s going on? Is Raphael here with you?”
When Max called Dean and sent the hunter racing to stop him from going through a rift, Dean grabbed the closest jacket to him, one he had abandoned over a chair weeks ago.
"I went through the forest, but it wasn't long before I was fending off Purgatory monsters and I couldn't do anything about it when a Leviathan came and sort of… ate my stomach," Dean cringed a bit at the memory, and also at the looks on his family's faces. "I then got a very… wise… piece of advice from my subconscious," Dean added, trying very hard to stare directly at Cas. After all, it had been Dean's subconscious but delivered through the angel's visage. "So I did one last-ditch effort and prayed to Lucifer, who came almost immediately and healed me.
“Yes, Sam?”
He had to hand it to the angel; he looked genuinely distressed and heartbroken, his face muddled with fear and concern. Dean felt guilty just looking at him.
"I can do that!" Kevin replied, a little too excited. Obviously, he was dying to be a part of this, but his skill set was not prepared for "dealing with possibly murderous archangels."
"Dean, is there something you aren't telling us?" Castiel asked in response. He wanted to just sit in the backseat of the Impala with this strange young witch sleeping on his arm, but he couldn't pretend that what Ruth said hadn't bothered him.
"Yeah, up until the moment he didn't, in which he apparently busted you out?! It never sat well with me. You always loved humanity, you rubbed off on me, but when our father told us what you had done, which I understand was a lie, we didn't know what to think. I was so upset that I came here to my hoarded treasures and hid away from the humans I cared about so much." He gestured to the cave around them. "Here, I was able to stay in isolation while helping the occasional human who sought me out for one of my many magical artifacts."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam instinctively scrambled to his feet. “Lucifer’s dead,” he said quickly.
Cas took a step back from her. "Where the hell did you get that?" His voice was low and dark.
“Hold on. Why did I do all the flying? I flew you here. You haven’t done a damn thing.” It was clicking in his brain and he got a rather devilish grin on his face. “Your powers are quite gone now, aren’t they Chuck?”
All the archangel really wanted to do was snap his fingers and open a rift to Dean's bunker and push him through. Or maybe, jump into that photo and shake Cas's hand. Something. Anything.
It didn’t help that Dean’s encounters with Ruth the angel had been bothering him. More and more as time passed since they spoke, he couldn’t help but question the situation in its entirety. Ruth had Michael’s lance, which Crowley broke. She mentioned using it on Lucifer, who was already dead, she seemed very interested in Dean’s social life, claiming he was in some sort of danger, and then got angry when Castiel wouldn’t continue unless he had any more information. It was all a bit shady, and it didn’t help that Cas could swear Ruth was dead. He knew she was dead, so how had she been alive this entire time without his knowledge? Naomi once told Cas there were only a handful of angels left alive, and he could name all of them, so how come Ruth was alive and nobody knew about it?
"Well, there's a survivor's camp base nearby; that's where I stay. I should take you there. It might be nice for you to get some food and water," Lucifer suggested, hoping to get over the last hurdle in befriending the stranger, which was convincing him to join him.
The hunter's eyes doubled in size. "You faked the phone calls? And the car?"
Sam and Castiel exchanged an unsure glance. “Yes…” Sam responded warily. Mia’s face lit up momentarily, but it fell again.
“Alright fine! Kill him then!” Dean threw his hands in the air.
"Yeah, because I'm allowing you questions," Dean admitted, to Lucifer's apparent surprise. "Don't act so shocked, Luc. You're the one doing me the favor of taking me back in time. Besides, I know they're both adults, but sometimes they don't act like it. I can level with you because you can handle it. They can't always handle things."
A female voice commanded the room, stopping all of the demons in their tracks. "That's enough!" She shouted, sounding annoyed.
Dean thought his eyes might bulge out of his head. "Impressed?"
He felt a little guilty about their fight. Okay, a lot guilty. Luc had a point, as always, and Dean didn’t want to hear it. Clearly, otherwise, he would not have left the base in the first place.
They drove around aimlessly for about two hours, waiting to pick anything up on the scanners. But it only took a few minutes before Sam couldn’t take it anymore. Putting aside his worry for his brother and his confusion and his anger, in his heart he was just a curious little brother who would stick his nose wherever he damn pleased.
"Of course. I'll even throw in some of my grace," he added as he stopped and rummaged through a messy pile of things.
He wasn't sure he'd ever been the one being protected.
"Then it started happening more commonly. When I was human, it was there, but differently, that was simply because I had lost my angelic powers and sensitivities. I felt it again when Metatron killed him, and it lasted even after we found him as a demon, and it didn't let go until he had been turned back into a human. I even felt it when I woke in the Empty. I felt it when you and Dean went to hell, and I went back into the Empty, I felt it when he went over to Apocalypse World with Arthur Ketch, and I felt it once or twice for short bursts even when we were fighting or when I was away from you."
Dean cut him off by wrapping him in a big hug. Sam stood there frozen for a moment, confused as all hell, but quickly relaxed in defeat, returning the hug, just as tightly as his brother held onto him.
But Dean didn't want to "take time for himself", there was too much to be done, he couldn't waste any time focusing on himself.
"Dean, stop!" Mia's eyes were wide, but he wasn't done nervously rambling yet.
Sam couldn’t believe Cas wasn’t panicking. After the few hours they’d had, Cas deserved to be panicking, he deserved to be interrogating the witch in the backseat, but the angel just stared wistfully out the window, lost in his thoughts.
“Come back with a warrant!” Lucifer responded defensively.
It was a photo Sean had never seen before, but he was in it. It was him and Jody swinging a boy he’d never seen before, but that didn’t matter much to him. It was a picture of him and Jody. He hadn’t seen a picture of the two of them together for six years.
Dean chewed his bottom lip and quickly cast a glance at both Lucifer and Mia, both of them also looking nervous and unsure. "Max, this is going to sound like… something… but Chuck is… God."
(See the end of the chapter for
They went down the stairs and sat at one of the tables in the library area, with the stairs and entrance still in sight. Mia watched with hidden pity as Dean was wringing his hands, his eyes flitting over to the top of the stairs every few seconds.
She put her hands up defensively. "I didn't! Lucifer did."
"Yes, he had lost his job and was too embarrassed to tell me, so he spent all day job hunting, and took extra hours away from home to overcompensate for losing his job, trying to convince me he was working even more. It was a good thing that I waited for him to come to me, because he was embarrassed and hurt, and he came to me eventually when he found a new job."
She had a point, There were trees off in the distance, but on all sides, it was just miles of open fields and grass. No way could any able-bodied athlete make it out of her sight even in the dark in that short of time, let alone someone who barely survived a terrible car accident dragging two bodies.
It didn’t help that Ruth was slowly winning. Luc was obviously getting worn down and he was less and less willing to actually cause her any harm. Ruth pinned the archangel to the wall and drew the lance back, aimed right at his neck.
Oh no. Goddammit.
Cas bit his lip, hating that detail, but he was sticking to his point. "Doesn't matter," he said simply. "It's about what makes you happy."
"Jody, are you…?"
But what did that mean for him? For all three of them? What could Sam and Cas do in this situation? How would they get archangel grace or find the correct world?
Cas folded his arms again, indignantly. "Really? Because I have a clear view now. You're not here to help me, Ruth, and you are definitely not here to help Dean. But I get the feeling you aren't planning on telling me why you're here at all."
Kevin huffed. "It's a first for me! All of this is crazy."
"Of course not," Dean muttered out loud to no one around.
The hunter narrowed his eyes at the girl. "Well, sorry to you and Kevin, but I'm nervous. It's not like it's something I do every day! If it had been easy, don't you think I would have done it years before I ever got to your world?"
Dean rolled his eyes, knowing what Max was alluding to. "His kind of favor" had to do with witchcraft, which means Sam was probably trying to heal Dean's leg with some magic mumbo-jumbo. He should have known that Sam wouldn't let this go without a fight. But that didn't matter right now.
"Hey Cas, everything okay?"
That made Dean turn to him with annoyed eyebrows raised. "Really? You would promise to do whatever I say, as long as I confess my feelings to someone you've never met, eventually, should I ever see him again?"
Lucifer was his best friend, he didn’t like knowing that he had someone out for his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean? What's wrong?" He had actually enjoyed Dean's lazy smile as he spoke vaguely about the family he left behind. He looked at the photo Dean held, wet and corrupted. He could see the face of a man on the far right and could tell that he was tall as his head was positioned above the two watery blobs facing each other, but little else was clear.
"Kevin died," Sam whispered. They continued to stare straight forward at the wall, neither looking at each other.
"Okay, fine, Cas, you guys win, tell me about… that one," Dean's hand lifted weakly into the sky, pointing at the cluster of stars that Castiel could in no way discern what it was he was explicitly pointing at.
She looked up thoughtfully. "You should have said you were looking forward to it."
"I'm serious, Dean. But it's not the angel thing that I'm talking about."
But apparently, Dean had been in a situation where he needed to say it. Not that Dean hadn’t had ample life or death scenarios to say it before, so clearly there was something else that changed Dean’s mind prior to the idea of dying. Something that obviously resulted in Dean deciding that someday he wanted to tell Cas how he felt, it just so happened that someday was an hour ago, in the middle of the night, right before some sort of scary-sounding disaster.
Mia's firm belief to the contrary had given him a spark of hope that he needed to extinguish. He couldn't let himself think crazy things.
“I don’t know,” the man behind the camera, apparently Kevin fucking Tran responded. “Just… say something nice for Mia’s birthday! Say what you would say if you never saw her again.”
Dean walked outside and stood for a moment, basking in the wave of heat that overtook him the second he left the building.
"Yes, I have." Dean let out a loud sigh of resignation. "Fine. But where is she really then, because she has mentioned that she loves the wheat fields before."
Every time Dean was out of reach, every damn time, Cas felt hollow and empty in his chest. But it wasn’t there, he just felt the normal warmth that kept him calm and normal.
She rolled her eyes at him. "What kind of bullshit is that, Winchester?"
"What does that mean?"
"I don't know, Sam, if I knew I would track him down and heal his leg." He caught Sam's glare that just said, 'don't you dare put this on you,' so he added, "or at least tie him to his bed and lock the door."
Every demon in the room froze, and eyed their former queen suspiciously. Ruth stared at her with angry, wide eyes. "You know nothing about Lucifer, believe me."
"Correction, I found an apartment," Luc chimed in. "You two just argued over sharing a bathroom for two weeks."
Sam was elsewhere in the bunker, trying not to panic. He knew that Cas was scared, and that was honestly what scared him the most.
Dean mimicked his movements. "I had a troupe go out two days ago and turn up nothing. I just figured… you know… gift horse."
Before anyone could say anything else, like complain about how they hadn't started looking for the key, or ask what exactly Lucifer saw that shook him up so much, Max's head sprung up from the bed like a jack-in-the-box.
Dean and Cas walked back out to the main room of the bunker where Sam and Jody were worriedly talking in the corner. They both spun the moment Castiel and Dean reappeared, so it was obvious they were talking about them.
"I don't mind," the angel responded just as softly. Hearing his deep voice break the silence only did more to make Dean in love with him and everything about him.
"Right," Dean responded, blowing out a breath. He was here, the greeting bit was over, and if he wanted to keep them out of this, he would have to start being more believable. "It's a bit of a long story, but I didn't mean to just leave without a word. I was doing the dishes when I got a call from Mia here."
Suddenly aware that he was not only not in the bunker but also apparently floating on his back in the water, he immediately flailed his limbs in a moment of confusion and panic. Though the action did little to settle himself, it harshly reminded him of his broken leg, which was the push he needed to remember everything.
"Well, not really. Just that you're Michael's sword." He watched as Dean cringed at the statement. "But you're not even the Dean from this world, so I suppose I really know nothing."
"Mom!" Mia looked embarrassed, but it came out as a whine anyway. "I can help, I swear I can! I'm sixteen. I'm not a baby anymore."
God, did he. He was beginning to worry that he knew more about Chuck than his own son. "I'm afraid so." He motioned for Lucifer to keep walking with him as he continued.
"I thought you destroyed all the other worlds." Dean settled on that inquiry rather than the ones with answers he knew he really didn't want to hear.
He heard Luc scream his name, but he was thrown into the hard floor, hitting his head with a sickening crack.
Dean smirked in response and finally noticed the camera creeping up to them. “Luc, watch out, it’s Scorsese!” he joked, and it was very clearly Dean. There was no way that wasn’t Dean, making a movie joke, moving the way he moves, speaking the way he speaks. The only difference was, he was seemingly hanging out with Lucifer, and calling him “Luc”.
This time Dean actually did laugh, and it was genuine. "When you put it like that, you make my life sound pretty shitty." He sighed, grounding himself. "I don't know what I'm going to do when they finally walk in. How the hell am I supposed to greet them as though I saw them just yesterday? I don't want to raise their suspicions, but I don't know how much control I have over myself and my emotions at the moment."
We're getting back to our main witch Max Banes in the next chapter! (I honestly really liked him in the show and wish he had been introduced earlier :/ )
"Sorry!" He replied, voice shaking. God, why did she have to have the most useless angels on her squadron?
"Amelia, what the hell did you think you were doing?" Jody's voice got deeper and quieter, and Dean was finding it scarily similar to how she spoke to Claire.
Six years and all it was a day. A single day that encapsulated six years of development and change for Dean. Six years of loneliness and pain that he had to go through and come out of.
Mia tilted her head in confusion. "Neither." Dean mimicked her confusion before she continued. "They flashed blue."
"How the hell do you know that?"
Indeed, Dean did have plans. He had just hung up with Luc, hearing about their progress. Lucifer and Kevin booked a room at a nice hotel with Dean's card and express permission, and Luc had been attempting to fly around discreetly, collecting the materials he'd need to build the box. Once he had the materials, the two would move into one of Rufus' old cabins so that they could work discreetly and with privacy, and they'd probably be moved in by the end of the week, if not the end of the day.
Sam curled his fists in frustration. "But even if that's true, if he had ample time to meet Mia back then, six years ago, why lie about it?"
He knew it. "Then don't lie, Dean," Cas reasoned in his signature Cas-knows-best voice. "Dean, I know that there's something wrong. And there is clearly something different about you."
"Perhaps he didn't want to be judged because of the things that happened. I know it was incredibly tense between you both at the time, and Dean felt guilty about his actions for a very long time. He probably still does," Cas pointed out. "Or perhaps he doesn't want to even think of that time. After all, that was when…"
Mia and Dean shared a glance in the mirror, and for a second, they almost looked panicked, but Mia's expression turned dark and sad in a second.
He hadn't wanted to argue with Sam so much, he really did respect Sam, and currently, he agreed with him, but he genuinely didn't want what Sam was saying to be true. It wasn't fair because Cas had worried enough. He didn't want to worry anymore.
He knew better. He knew he should call Sam. Wait until he had backup. So, he slowly drew the phone to his face and was about to bring up his brother's contact yet again when the rift suddenly began to shrink in size, flickering madly.
Dean shifted uncomfortably. "So… what can you… see?"
Chapter titles are titles of songs by Josh Pyke that fit the mood/theme of the chapter :)
“Whoa, Jody, what’s going on?” Sam asked in Mia’s stead. True, Sam was not the witch’s biggest fan right now, but he was no stranger to that angry parental tone, and his instinct was to defend and protect.
Dean's expression wasn't a novel, it was a fucking picture book, and he knew it. Tears were streaming down his face again, but this time he just let them flow.
Cas resumed his attention on the stairs. "That's good."
As quickly as he assessed the situation and questioned his ever-worsening mental stability, a vampire jumped out a few feet from where the werewolf had done the same.
"Ever since you disappeared to help Mia and broke your phone?" Sam filled in the blanks, his distrust and suspicion as plain as day now.
So Cas stood up and gave the hunter a firm nod before following him out the door.
"But Jody, you know it's not."
Lucifer looked up to the sky and took a deep inhale. "It's been centuries since I've seen him. I just can't… not after what Chuck has done."
Dean smiled and mindlessly tapped his steering wheel, the image of the night sky and dark silhouetted trees making him smile. "An old dream I had, about floating on a river and gazing at the stars."
Considering his position in the car from Dean and Mia's weight against his arm, it was physically impossible to reach forward and put his hand on Dean's shoulder, which is what he so desperately wanted to do. Looking at Dean's face through the mirror, a face on the verge of tears, Castiel also never wanted to grab his face and kiss him more than he did at that moment. Anything to show Dean how much he loved him. Tell him how that single day without him and with that emptiness had been one of the worst days of his life.
They walked back the rest of the way in silence, but Dean took it as a win, considering the lack of a lecture.
"Fine. We'll use your grace," Lucifer conceded. It had been evident that Lucifer was having the most challenging time leaving that morning. He worried about who he'd be leaving behind, the survivors and his brother.
"This is your family?" Lucifer commented as he handed Dean back the unharmed photo, which he accepted gracefully like Lucifer was handing him gold.
Lucifer paused for a moment, tapping his foot thoughtfully. "I'm not sure… wait! I have his blade!"
At least now, he knew definitively. If he hadn't come back to this time and rewritten the past, Max would be dead, and it would be all Chuck's fault. That bastard needed to pay, and if Dean had been antsy to get a move on finding Gabriel's key before, now it was even more pertinent in his mind.
"Who are you?!" Jody's familiar distrust and spite rang through the woods.
It was a bit concerning that his vision was blurry, and the sweltering heat of the day did not do much to make him feel better. Even though he was in the woods, with trees and shade, it was proving much worse than a couple days ago when he first arrived in that exposed field.
