He left him there and went out in the kitchen and made tea and sandwiches. After a long time, John had walked out to the living room and sat down in an armchair.
That he couldn’t make things better for John all the time, without thinking about what will happen next time John stands in front of a similar problem.
The words are pouring out of him. Words about his feelings after knowing what Mary did to Sherlock. Fighting with the grief over a lost image of a picture-perfect normal family life. Being angry over wanting something he couldn’t have with Sherlock as his partner.
“Housewife, all her life. Her mother was sick and her in laws needed a lot of help. My grandfather Montgomery was, as I said, an alcoholic and forced to quit the military or get a dishonorable discharge. He decided to leave with the excuse that his wife was sick. My grandmother, Anne was blind from birth and had become ill with lung cancer at that time. She had been diagnosed the month before. She only lived five months after he left the military.”
The only person who could see through Sherlock’s mask was Janine. His mouth makes a moue of disapproval when he thinks about that.
Sorry for the delay on this chapter. It was hard for me to write about a child in a second language and whit my dyslexia. Find information on child words and what a child can and can’t do. Thank god for all lovely people at Johnlock fic club chat forum. Thank you!❤️
For the first time in his life, it’s John’s brain that shuts down and he can’t take in what this man, the love of his life, is saying.
“Yes, in a healthy relationship no one is the child or other one a parent.” Peter’s voice is clear and determined and he’s nodding his head for extra reinforcement of his response.
Now they agreed that neither Sherlock nor John left their home without saying goodbye with a hug or a kiss.
Maud is her opposite, she has dark long hair and is tall. She looks down so John can’t see her eyes. She talks very little and looks uncomfortable.John smiles at Maud and fetches her a chair to sit beside him.
Bill, as usual would never understand that! The berk would only see mates and he liked them both, so why shouldn’t he be there?
“We read your blog last night.” John’s feeling sidetracked in the discussion, so he asks, “Why do you ask me that right now?”
“Oh!” Father Holstii sinks down deeper into the armchair. “Violet Catherine Vernet Holmes, of course!” The man is beaten and he knows it.When he starts talking, his tone is entirely different: calm and collected, only to tell the true facts of the scandal.
“No, Rosie inherits it but I have the right to do what I want with it until the day  she turns twenty-one. Then I must pay her the amount I get if I sell the apartment plus three percent interest.”
“Well, she is 18 months now and starting to realize that you’re a separate person from her. I think if she can hear us and we’re not far away it wouldn’t be a problem.”
Sherlock only smiles happily, feeling such joy that he had read John’s expressions and body language correctly, this time at least.
In the beginning that had infuriated Sherlock, he couldn’t manipulate Darin. He couldn’t tell a half truth and get away with it!
The problem is, John wants more! He rolls over and comes very close to being out of bed, pulling Sherlock with and over himself.
The dinner is delicious and the company even better, John thinks. For the first time in many years he’s totally relaxed and happy.
With a shaky voice the first guard had answered, also in Serbian,” He can´t die of hypothermia before the interrogation tomorrow. I was only giving him some blankets.”
“John!” Peter’s voice is a warning. “Sherlock and Richard’s relationship isn’t up for discussion here. They do whatever they want, as they’re two grown men.”
Nothing had changed his mind even after Sebastian Wilkes claimed that they did the dirty. Mycroft’s thought about that statement from Wilkes was that the man was ridiculous with his attempt to get endorsement into a profession in politics.
Both men gasp and moan. Only when they both need air does John let go of his grip of Sherlock’s neck.
“I know, but I still feels likes he left me. We had just decided to become parents after five years together. It didn’t matter if we had adopted a child or become parents by a surrogate mother. We had a Doctors appointment the next week to get physical to see if we could go the surrogate way? with light blush on his cheeks and a shy look at John he says.
He’d let Sherlock drop a hard topic until the next session but the next session always started right where they left off.
He’s slowly starting to understand that his cousin is some years before him in the journey to accepting himself, and is really trying to help him.
“He’s said nothing, we are only dating, John. I don’t know how I feel about it either. How did you feel when you started dating Mary?”
Gleefully Sherlock had messaged Mycroft that their partners probably wanted to celebrate their first and second anniversaries together at the restaurant.
The guy had whispered to him if they could leave and go somewhere private? Somehow John found that to be a very good idea.
“You have already helped me by letting me babysitting Rosie. Now I know that I want to be a dad. How, and if a another man as my partner is a later issue.”
Slowly Sherlock pushes his dick between his thighs and it’s a feeling that’s long forgotten. It’s so good!
The two children liked each other immediately, especially after John let Rosie loose from the stroller and they could run around in the garden. That made it easy for the children to really play, and for the two cousins to talk.
faith, Father. You’ve told us your position in this matter and we’ve been clear about our standpoint. I don’t think any of us will change our minds, do you?” Silently Father and Sherlock look at each other, neither of them willing to lose the battle.
Mycroft hadn’t had anything against making it possible for him to get some tickets, but he was very surprised that it was Richard whom Sherlock would invite.
“No, I believe in a higher power!” John takes over his cousin’s rebuttal. “But we do not believe in a man-written book of fanfiction, written over thousands of years!”
“Okay, Rosie! Daddy’s here.” John gives Sherlock a cup of tea and a sandwich. He sits down on the bed with Rosie between them. She curls up against him, gripping his sweater in one of her hands.
It’s a powerful feeling of togetherness and it makes him secure enough to try and tell John his own secrets.
For John, standing beside the double bed it looks like his daughter is trying to hear and understand what Sherlock is saying. Looking into her godfather’s eyes.
“Can I help in anyway? hesitant John ask, he doesn’t want to intrude but he can understand the other man’s feelings.
That night Sherlock plays for a very long time as John writes, looks at the man playing, and then writes again.
Nervously he goes to the bed and positions himself in the way John asked him to do. Very carefully he hides the lubricant in the duvet next to himself.
“We meet the first time after he had come home from a rehab and Peggy needed someone to help her collect him from the place. Peggy thought I was a friend that your dad tried to save from sodomy! He snorts when he says that.
Then he changes the sheets in his and John’s bed in Sherlock’s old bedroom. Changes the sheets in Rosie’s bed and puts all the sheets in the washing machine.
Sighing, Sherlock turns to his left stretching out in the bed. He couldn’t lie to himself any more: his sex drive was back with a vengeance and apparently John felt the same way.
“Yes. Peter said that maybe the rampant homophobia in my family comes from generations of gay and bisexual people in the family.”
Thinking the question over John doesn’t answer immediately; Rosie breathing calmly in her sleep is the only noise.
Determinedly Sherlock stares at the people across the street, trying to calm his feelings of wanting to run away from this discussion.
John isn’t happy about it but he says very quietly,“I will not see or talk to Sherlock and I won’t interfere in his new relationship.”
Sherlock nearly interrupts him, eager to let him know that he wouldn’t have said no, in his drunken stupor.
John pulls his head back and softly says, “You promised me a lube experience and a--” Sherlock blushes but finds the lube and starts slicking John up.
"You have never mentioned your mother or father or any other family members, except for your sister - and only in the beginning of our friendship. I talked to Harry when planning the wedding briefly, only to ask her why she wasn’t coming. I understood then that your relationship was very estranged?” He tries to understand John’s reaction by looking at his body language and facial expression.
Monty gives his husband a kiss and a hug. “Please, try to not vex Father Holstii anymore, my brothers will still go to him for worship on Sundays.”
“But one thing I can’t do is to never see you again or not have you in my life. Even if we only do stupid things like arguing over who’ll pay the taxi driver after we solve a case.”
“That’s true, I was just thinking about Marcus and my father. How life could have been if my father had accepted Marcus’s love.”
John doesn’t answer immediately.  He spoons up a bite of sweet citrus cake and drinks a little coffee. Sherlock awaits his answer.
Therefore the only remorse I have now is that I will be leaving my daughter. She and her brother are the only good thing to come from my second marriage.
“Your great-grandfather worked for the church for many years as a organist. The church must have some documents about why he was let go from that position. Even if the scandal was hushed up for both the sake of the church and the people involved in the scandal.”
They start with the diary, which is marked with a paper where they should start to read. John takes the book and Monty follows him to the sofa. John begins to read about the evening when their great grandfather was caught with his lover. The priest was shocked and didn’t want the information spread in the church and community.
Now Sherlock is really interested. It must have something to do with sex because why would Hamish talk about it being drunk and arguing about wanting to stay in the closet?
“If Sherlock wants me to find a woman, then I will find a woman! I wonder whether he will follow us home, or if he will get Mycroft to do a security check on her?” He feels laughter bubbling up in him at that thought. 15 minutes later he leaves the toilet.
“That’s not the same thing and you know it isn’t! I don’t know them or have feelings for them. They’re only a mastrubation material! I haven’t-“
“Gorgeous dick, don’t know how many versions I’ve made up in my mind. But the real thing is the best version, John!”
When the bathroom was clean, it was time to put the week’s used towels in the washer and then take a short break for a sandwich.
John didn’t take the news well when Sherlock told him about them going to the concert together. John had invited him over for dinner that Monday afternoon. John couldn’t really show what he felt because Harry and her new girlfriend, Miriam were also invited that evening.
“Now I know that your mother's parents lived with you when you were a child and your paternal grandfather lived nearby, in his own house."
“Certainly working but also gambling, drinking and chasing after women. All his life he tried to prove to everyone that he was a womanizer, a man’s man!” Monty shakes his head with disgust on his face. “He was proud over it and didn’t really try to hide it even from his wife! He knew for certain that she would never leave him. According to her religious beliefs, she was married for life. Religion was important for her. Mum tried to make all her children as faithful as possible, and succeeded only with my oldest brother, Thomas. He’s a priest in Aberdeen now.”
“You had time to talk to a ghost when you were on a mission, but you didn’t have time to phone me or text me.”
“Why did I say anything about my behavior?” Sherlock is milking it with the grumbling, giving John time to collect himself.
He can’t get out the three little words that he desperately wants to say. Then Sherlock rumbles out, “Love you too.”
“I have been searching for your grandfather’s and great grandfather’s history. Did you know that your great grandfather, Hamish Montgomery Watson, was born in Buckie? And that the family were parishioners in the Catholic Church St. Gregory at Preshome near Buckie?
“It’s okay, come and site besides me John? He is holding John’s right hand in his and tugging at it to make John come with him.
“This is your last warning! If you don´t leave your abnormal behaviour, we will kick you out!” The response comes quickly, “Yes Sir!”
A nagging feeling makes John ask Monty about his life. “How long have you been married to Giles?” He’s very determined not to look at the man before he gets a reaction. Worrying he’s overstepped with that question.
John is nodding his head understanding the feeling. It’s nothing that he’s proud over but he understand.
“It’s been hard for you too, not to be touching?” The astonishment in John’s words surprises Sherlock.
Stability had never really existed in his life. Not in his way of living and not emotionally, even in his childhood. All his life he had waited for the other shoe to drop.
“That’s the first time anyone had ever told me about demisexuality. The more we talked, the more I realized that’s what I am. She was wrong about one thing though. I’m gay.”
After saying the last word John seems extremely upset. Sherlock looks at Richard, searching for support. Sherlock’s eyebrows raise slightly and scrunch just a little in the middle.
The thought of John’s reaction to that evening with Richard entered into his thoughts at the same time he opened the fridge door.
He reads: Buckie 8 100 people lived in the town (2006). It’s a very little seaside town in the north of Scotland. The name comes from a spiral-shelled marine gastropod or its shell.
The man answers him with a happy smile and climbs into the bed sitting with his knees under his body. He pulls John into his arms catching his lower lip in a kiss. John falls back on the bed, pulling Sherlock over himself.
“I know what you mean. Mary had a boyfriend who even took part in our wedding ceremony, as an usher.”
“Your bath is waiting for you to get the day’s grit off.” Sherlock then nervously adds, “I would gladly take that bath with you.”
Still not meeting the other man’s eyes Sherlock softly answers, “You can understand that it isn’t something I do every time I masturbate. It can be a long time between that happening, but sometimes when the inclination is right, very--” Frustration is obvious in Sherlock’s voice. It’s so damn hard to speak about his sex life.
His father constantly accusing him of having a too-gay behaviour and mannerisms. Leading him to practice for hours and hours: walking in a manly fashion; not using his hands too much when speaking; lowering his voice; trying desperately never to giggle.
“What do you think about talking with Richard again? I mean you’ve already done it and he’s still with you?”
He had never felt total love and acceptance from anyone in his life, besides sometimes from Sherlock. When he realized that Sherlock hadn’t trusted him when deciding to fall from Bart’s, that had made him furious.
The next morning Sherlock wakes up to Rosie squealing in the bathroom. She’s obviously in the tub getting a bath. John’s voice is calm and warm, talking calmly with his daughter.
He then selects one bath bomb that isn’t too strongly scented, only a hint of rosemary. John likes much more scent than he himself does, so he hopes that the middle ground will work.
John is hearing the words nearly in his sleep but somehow the words follow him deep into his heart. I’ve chosen a different way.
Sherlock answers John,“Go ahead. I know you want to look at the scars.” He steels himself for John’s hands on his back.
“Come on, John. I want you here with me.” He’d said with his most husky voice. “This is what I do sometimes and it’s nothing I’m ashamed of, not even doing it with you here, seeing me.”
“A long time ago, John. But maybe that’s a good thing?” He takes John’s hand and holds it in both of his. Before answering, “Now I know that’s something that’s on the list for me, and if you want to, we can make new memories that are only ours. When we have the chance and we’re in a safe place?
“Of course, sorry!” John's reaction is sharp and comes very automatically. Many years of keeping up appearances and being closed off when it comes to everything private.
“It’s a big consideration, you know your great-grandfather comes from Buckie, you’re both named John Watson, and it sounds like you look very alike.”
“My father was a closeted homosexual. He lived in fear all his life. I really can’t understand why he wrote down anything and left the diaries behind after his death.”
“No. I was thinking about my session with Peter, I’d been to a session before meeting Richard.” A distressed frown comes over his face.
Sherlock needed intimacy to flourish in a relationship, and to feel the need of touches and sex. John needed stability and sex or human touch, or at least contact with skin against skin.
When John saw how emotional and afraid Sherlock had become, the only thing he could do at that moment was to hug him close and whisper, “We’ll mess things up sometimes. I love you, and next time it will be me doing something stupid.”
Later at Baker Street, John puts down a sleeping Rosie on Sherlock’s bed. After eating pancakes and playing with Richard at the swings she fell asleep in the cab on their way to Baker Street. She looks so little, lying in the middle of Sherlock’s big bed. He pulls up the duvet over her and caresses her cheeks. She sighs in her sleep contentedly but doesn’t wake up.
“If you ever say no, then I will respect that that’s a no.” The answer was said so quietly. John had understood that he’d hurt Sherlock by his comment.
Late that evening, John is laying in his bed in at the flat that doesn’t feel like his home. The flat have never felt like home. Through the babycam he hears Rosie. She is mumbling for herself and then she is snuffling in her sleep.
“I like it when he touches my body when I’m fully clothed and when he is stroking my hair. He often plays with my hair and that feels really good.”
“The older Harry and I got the more nights he didn’t come home. Grandma and Grandfather were still living with us. I was fifteen when my Grandfather died and seventeen when Grandma died.”
Because without thinking about it, John starts talking about how long it's been since he last touched anyone like this.
“All of it could have been prevented, if the laws and people’s attitudes toward homosexuality had been different at that time,” he murmurs, thinking about the texture of John’s cheek.
At a little after two they arrive at the hotel. It’s a long, low, one-storey white building by the sea. The hotel is located on the cliff above the beach.
“No, you’re not cheating with a toy! John, you’re not with another person when you’re using a toy. You’re alone. Think about it.”
1969 December 4, Hamish comes home on recovery leave. He is at first staying at military hospital for 4 months.
This chapter isn’t beta read. I have had help in parts from the lovely people on Discord’ Johnlock club. Thank you everyone that helped me.
Then John’s mind jumps to the image of the first time he saw Richard and Sherlock hugging. Sherlock’s long fingers trailing over the other man’s back.
“Monty told me about how much work Giles and he have done by going together to therapy. He urged me to get help from our psychiatrist and really do the wor- -,” John nearly bites of the last word and doesn’t say it correctly. Missing the last letter.
Silence falls over the room, none of the two men are saying anything. John’s mind is like a tumbler. His feelings are so hard for him to understand.
Peter looks Sherlock straight in the eye and asks, “I have a question: how often do you stimulate yourself?”
Thinking back on the times he’s been with male partners, it had nearly always been he who had been the instigator of everything that happened.
Darin had suggested that they make some rules together that they thought they could live with and make to work.
Then John decides that the woman is interesting enough to ask some questions. She’s a pretty, dark-haired woman in her mid-forties.
“Yes, or maybe more reinforcing my earlier deduction? Your father and sister are gay, you have just accepted being bisexual. Three people in the same family? Monty was only a part of the puzzle. Then we have the things with the name Hamish, you were ashamed of your name! The same with Monty--Giles had to fight to give their son that name.”
John seems to have something to say, but doesn’t know how. After a moment he finally finds the words.
“You said before at the session with Peter that you couldn’t find the reason that he left his family.”
Saturday morning at John’s house. Rosie is woken up early this morning and demanding breakfast. In the last week she has been up very early every morning.
Still his lover had a troubled look on his face. “Yes of course, it will be best if we can come to an agreement that we both can accept and live with.”
“Please, read it for me!” John sounds afraid when he sits down beside Sherlock again and takes his hand.
“No, John. I don’t think it’s a good idea. Let’s make some tea and I’ll play for you before going to bed. Is it alright for you to sleep here tonight?”
I want us to bond by touching each other and making each other know how our bodies feel. I want to know how many scars or moles you have.
“Of course I don’t hate you! I love you! But I don’t want to start a relationship with you and lose you after three months or a year or after however long it takes you to leave. That’s something I can’t stand to even think about!”
After some time with Sherlock coming closer and nearly grinding against him, John breathlessly pulls away.
Sherlock didn’t try to interrupt or tell him that it wasn’t his fault. He had thought about what Darin had told him about their different journeys to a healthy relationship.
“I think that’s a good time for us to break this season. Think about it and we talk again at our solo session next Tuesday.”
John returns to London with only his daughter Gracie with him. Gracie starts school and meets a little girl called Olive.  Neither of the girls knows that their fathers knew each other a long time ago!
“Your dad was send home in late August because he had ending up fighting with a man. Do you remember?
“John, again, Sherlock and Richard’s relationship isn’t anything that you have anything to do with.”
Sherlock rolls over and draws up his legs against his stomach. Holding on to his legs. Feeling miserable for all the sorrow and hurt he did to John. Realizing that he’ll probably not sleep this night.
After much investigation Mycroft concluded that little brother was interested in men in an abstract way. Specifically in soldiers if they were in magazines featuring soldiers.
“Hi, Theo, it’s John Watson. This is a bit of an emergency call. Is it possible for me to get a session with Peter today?”
Father Chaney wrote that how he was dreading the scandal and decided after a night of thoughts and discussion with God to be clement to Hamish. It was obvious he’d been misled by the other man.
“Infidelity isn’t something you take lightly, and then there’s the problem of internalized homophobia.”
The first time Sherlock made that effort John had been startled at being at the receiving end of a good homemade meal, a dance in the living room and later in the evening a movie with little nibbles and wine.
“Yes, I agree with that. I think it’s time for us to try and sleep? I don’t want you to try and leave again for the night. Can we all sleep here or is it too crowded for you?”
Tuesday comes and John is very nervous when he meets Peter at his office. Peter raises an eyebrow when he sees how nervous John is.
“It's very good to get a confirmation that you love me. We’ve both struggled with using our words. Isn't that why we've had to work so hard at therapy?”
John stops and stares at him on the last step before entering the floor landing. A smile appears on his face, his eyes shining with warmth.
“I want you to know that I will love you even if you don’t clean, washes or shop our food to love you! But I’m a lazy man and if you don’t makes it clear to me, I will be a brat and letting you do everything!”
James Sholto adhered strictly to military rules and kept Dr Watson at arm’s length. But they both knew and could feel the emotions behind every look they exchanged and every discussion.
He´d pointed at the blankets and then his lips and made it clear what he wanted. Sherlock had shaken his head in a no gesture. After some moments of waiting the man then left the cage and kicked the blankets into the corner of the room.
“You’re a grown man. You know from before that going to therapy isn’t a walk in the park, if you’re doing the work properly. John has gone for many years now without anyone pushing him or trying to make him realize things about himself. I know you’ve done research about me and my colleague before coming for therapy. We don’t mollycoddle our clients. Our clients have been hurt dramatically with trauma on a mission or suffered torture.”
He pulls on Sherlock’s neck so he nearly falls down on his body, halfway on and halfway on the bed. It’s a very good place for John to move against Sherlock’s leg.
Bravely he got the question out: “Are you gay? Because that’s one of my problems, coming out in public, with my orientation.”
The story starts ten years after series 3. John, Mary and Rosie left London and left Sherlock behind. No contact for all those years.
He then puts his fingers back to John’s left nipple, the long finger circle as near as he can the nipple two times before he shimmies over it with his thumb. John can’t understand that’s his body is reacting with a hot waves.
A little smile appears on John’s face. Sherlock knows that Rosie loves Oliver’s pancakes with strawberry jam.
Rosie is struggling to stay awake. Her eyes are closing and each time it takes her longer to open them again. Sherlock keeps talking in a rumbling dark voice.
Trying to sound very thoughtful, John answers, ”not only for the nuts, the whole package, your arms, chest, legs and don’t forget that bum! Haven’t you seen yourself in a mirror?”
He leans down over Sherlock and whispers, “This is definitely London! Love how you feel and how you move under my fingers.”
“After the break Sherlock will do something that requires courage. You said before when you talked about his two years away that he was on an adventure?”
“My anger came from the same place as my father’s. Frightened to accept my true self. We were both hurt as children and teenagers for the same reason. Homophobia.”
I thank my mother in heaven that she was so open minded and let me and my siblings know and have Alf and his partner Werner as babysitters, growing up.
He decides to be brave and ask for a thing he dreamed about after seeing a meme that a fan of his sent him when he still lived with Mary.
Shaking his head, Darin chuckles, “it´s not a law, Sherlock! You´re grown men and we’ve come very far with your therapy, for both of you. You’ve both worked very hard and you know now where the pitfalls in your relationship are. Maybe you two, shouldn’t start with the hard-core sex.”
That would be a different thing. How does he make Sherlock realize the same thing? Sherlock is nervously wringing his hands that’s lying in his lap. Nervously Sherlock is wringing his hands in his lap.
The more John listens to him talk, the harder it gets for him to breathe. John swallows hard to push down the feelings.
“YES, you’ve been swanning around your flat every morning in only a bathrobe! For heaven's sake, John!”
“No idea. I have never seen him before.” Mike looks at Sherlock and the man with a sour look on his face.
Jealousy and confusion took over John, and that anger at being left by his lover became a big part of the problem. He decided to never again try something like that again. Women and girlfriends were the way forward for him.
He still can’t look into Sherlock's eyes. This is the biggest and most shameful secret he ever had. Or--is it his father’s rules making it shameful?
But this is a new situation, smearing the cream all over Sherlock’s skin. “Is this alright, not too light a touch?” He asks in a low voice. Sherlock promptly answers, “Honey!”
Sherlock sighs and thinks for himself before answering, “It’s started to become a problem, with me feeling like a teenager again. It´s not good going around with a boner all day and having a curious two-year-old around you.” His words come out a bit explicit, then he goes on with. “Even John isn´t that oblivious to my body’s reactions. I can´t shower three times a day.”
Sherlock and the man turn and look at John and Sherlock nods his head and smiles. He then turns back and starts talking to the other man again. John’s eyes linger on the other man.
John was devastated, even if in front of Mike he laughed it off as a young man’s foolishness. Mike didn’t say anything, only nodded his agreement.
“Yes, I remember one Major Sholto being very interested to find out if we were related somehow. I told him that I didn’t think we were, the name John and even Watson isn’t so uncommon.”
A very interesting color on a pair of eyes, he thinks at the same time as he’s shaking the man’s hand.
“It’s not a good feeling, I know. But you’re too important to me to do something reckless tonight and lose you forever.”
1983 May 3    Hamish sees John hugging another boy after a rugby match. He gets angry and punishes John by breaking his nose and arm.
“Many people don’t like anal sex, even some male gay men never do it.” The soft voice is trying to calm his client down. “I would however recommend that you start with a kiss. No one knows how either of you reacts to the feeling of being close. Respect each other and ask for consent when starting to do something new.”
They walk up to the library that is situated in an old brown building with a ramp leading up to a bright red door.
John is shaking his head thinking if he really should tell Peter, then he decides to tell him before he changes his mind.
“When I met you I realized that you were bisexual and in the closet. You tried to pick me up for a fuck at Angelo’s.” John recoils when he hears Sherlock’s words. Sherlock never uses vulgar language.
John frowns at the message and thinks that’s a pub all sorts of people go to. Harry has told him that if she had to go to a straight pub she would choose this pub. He thought it was stupid of her to talk about a pub visit because of her sobriety problem. She has been sober for 14 months now and found a new woman to date a month ago. He was happy, but still a bit worried about her new relationship in case it didn’t work out.
“Go! Have a fun night out. You haven’t been out socially without Rosie for a long time. Your period of mourning is over now. Try to move on, John. Date again. I’ve realized at last that even I must move on. Good luck with the ladies, John.” Sherlock gives John a sad smile and turns back to Richard and starts to talk with him.
“When I told Mr Watson what had happened he didn’t move and he didn’t say anything. He only looked straight ahead as if he didn’t hear me or see anything. I did try to talk to him and told him that *he was free now from the Devil in human form.* When I uttered those words he stood up and walked past me without saying a word. He didn’t look at me either, it was like I didn’t exist. That’s the last time I saw him. The next day his daughter came to me asking where her father was.”
“I don’t understand why that would make me dream about having sex with Sherlock later that night. He’s Richard’s boyfriend!
Looking up, John doesn’t say anything but pulls Sherlock down with a hand behind his head. The kiss is just a slow movement of lips against lips, each searching for approval from his partner.
Hi reader. This chapter is now beta read by Totally Silvergirl and edit by the author, so if you still see any wrong spellings or grammatical problems, please let me know.Tilda
Specially the time when two men had slept in the bunk bed above him. His hand comes up and moves over his face subconsciously taking away the images from that time.
“Get help from other people.” Monty lets the reply linger in the air before ending his line of thought.
Silently Sherlock holds him and lets his hands calmly caress John’s back and neck. John leans into the embrace and closes his eyes. A very new feeling of complete calmness and safety settles between them. It’s a moment of calm in the eye of the storm.
Shaking his head in mirth, Sherlock had understood John’s attempt at steering him in a direction of a less dangerous friendship in John’s point of view.
For the first time after starting to talk about his sex life Sherlock looks at him and smiles, “No, not that time. I'd been fighting an assassin that had a sword.”
When John takes the first bit of green salad, it taste very good with a citrus dressing courting the greens.
“Yes. I have things to tell you and that I need help to tell you in a way that wouldn’t break us even more. Things about my time away from you, and some personal information about myself that I have problems with telling you.”
This time it’s John who’s first in, leaning against the wall and trying to catch his breath when Sherlock storms through the door.
He inspects himself in the mirror, sighs a little and silently hopes that John will like him in this outfit.
“You can apply recruitment from the day you’re 17 years and nine months. That means he knew he would be a father when he applied for the military?”
The words stumbling out John is in no clear order but at least he’s telling Sherlock about his confusion and waking up after a sex dream. With Sherlock in the leading role.
John had listened silently to the rest of Peter had to say. After the session he had hastily taken off with the excuse that he needed to get Rosie from the babysitter.
After dinner, the evening went by very quickly. It was with a bit of sorrow the two cousins said goodbye around half past six.
“Sebastian: he knew about my relationship with my first boyfriend. He used my feelings of being without an anchor in my life. I was young and foolish and thought maybe Sebastian could be what my first boyfriend had been for me. Stupid!”
Sherlock tries not to look at them, but feels a sting in his heart that he can’t do the same as Giles, hugging the man he loves most in the world.
Sherlock says something to Richard before he smoothly stands and goes over to John and Maud.“What are you two arguing about?”
“A Mercedes! That’s probably the last car I would have thought you should choose!” He laughs and goes around the black car to check it out.
Theo is looking at him with a curious look, John meets his eyes and the secretary lifts a eyebrow in a silent question.
“Daddy, I caught a frog. Rosie was quiet and didn’t make a sound when I did that, but the twins ran to Auntie Moira screaming!” Hamish starts to laugh happily and Rosie joins in.
A young woman follows Monty into the room with a trolley loaded with a thermos of coffee and a plate of sandwiches.
They towel each other off with caresses and laughter. Sherlock is a bit ticklish and John can’t stop smiling. Sherlock’s hair is standing in all directions. Sherlock happily smiles back without a thought about his unruly hair.
In the last months, Sherlock has become more reluctant to talk about things that don’t revolve around Rosie or cases. He’s cold and analytical towards John but obviously loves Rosie, or “Watson”, as he keeps calling her.
“The first left me when I was too clever and deduced that his father had embezzled money from his employer many years ago. Being afraid of being outed was an extra reason to drop our relationship, the reason he decided to use when he ended it.”
His normal black Calvin Klein pants weren't revealing in any way he thought. He had put them on for to shock John or any other man in the changing room by going commando. He normally thought pants weren’t especially necessary, and were very constricting when he bothered to put them on; he didn´t like that feeling.
John takes the mug with his tea from the kitchen table and goes and sits down in the red armchair. Sherlock has his laptop and John’s birth certificate in front of him.
“Froggy did really tire her out!” John laughs some more. Nervousness and tiredness all release from his body.
“Days before Hamish died he gave me this letter. He asked me to save it and if you or your sister ever asked me about Ireland or your mums death I would then give you this letter and tell you the story behind it being written.”
I ‘m a nervous wreck, I have still no beta reader and you know still dyslexic and not English my language.
But they all saw how angry John became when Sherlock casually told them that he and Richard had gone to a concert the day before.
“Janine Hawkins–”  a sigh slips out. “She lived with me after John’s wedding because I was trying to seduce her for a case.”
That´s why he hadn’t been prepared for violent dreams that night. He dreamt about his time in Serbia. Being in a cage in a freezing cold room with only pants on. He’d thought he would die that night of hypothermia.
“Mrs Hudson and I made a roast beef and potatoes salad. We thought it would be good to make something that you could eat both warm and cold. We didn’t know when you two would return.”
“On his and J.H’s second tour, from July 1968 to the 4th of December 1969 something tragic happened in his life. J.H was killed on a mission and Hamish was injured in his right leg. Both were shot but J.H. was instantly killed. Head shot.”
“No, he’s afraid of himself. He knows he wouldn’t stop you if you tried to hit him again. John, you’re not in a healthy relationship! Even if it’s an *only friendship* relationship, as you said last time.”
Monty then tells him how startling it was to understand how much of their life experience was the same. Same family experience even without any contact between the two families over the years?
After some discussion both with Sherlock and John’s psychiatrist, Darin and Peter had helped them put together good building blocks for their relationship.
“Yes, I want you to know that I had a breakdown yesterday. I called Peter after I so the paper on my way to work. He kindly gave me a time in the afternoon.”
When they leave the Watson-Merivale household his mind is full of thoughts and impressions. He is very happy walking besides Sherlock and Rosie, letting them talk by themselves.
An icy chill goes down his body, he's been too obsessed with his own misery to realize what Sherlock was going through.
He’d met Sherlock’s eyes because suddenly John realized that this was important, even necessary, for Sherlock to be able to be sexual. The feeling of being safe was a part of Sherlock’s sexuality.
Sherlock hurries to wash down his body in the shower. A quick toweling down before he takes a flannel and wets it for John.
“You was born at St. Pancras Hospital the 23rd of April 1971, and your family lived at 24 Penryn Street?”
“What happened at Battersea when you heard John and Irene talking?” A quick look at Peter, then Sherlock replies.
He glances at his watch that shows just after eleven o’clock,  and asks, “Should I send down some coffee and sandwiches?” His tone is very neutral.
A short time later Monty and John have left and the other two men are looking at the church books. They both suspect they will probably not find anything important left, but it’s time to leave the two cousins alone for a bit.
John stands up and starts to walk around the room. He’s so agitated and his left hand is clinging to his left side so it wouldn’t move. Sherlock also stands up and goes after him, when he comes near the other man he pulls him close.
“I know that’s not my business but it’s hurt to see you happy together. I know, I haven’t any right to complain after the things you went through. Seeing me and Mary at the marriage ceremony, for example.”
After that discussion John had started to experiment on himself whenever he had the opportunity to do so.
“I’m sorry. I was so angry and jealous that I couldn’t think straight.” John is whispering and kisses Sherlock’s neck at the same time.
“Give her to me. Maybe she’ll quiet down if she’s not feeling that her dad is upset.” He reaches for her.
“Yes, sorry to say, it didn’t work any longer between us. It’s worst for Mark, one week with each parent. At least it’s starting to work now after nearly two years.”
“Aren’t cousins supposed to help each other?” Surprised, John looks up at him with a questioning expression. Monty starts to explain what he meant.
While Sherlock made breakfast and packed her bag, John grumpily ate his breakfast, thinking that Sherlock was trying to get into his good books again. He’d grimly tried to keep his anger from bubbling over.
It’s Thursday night, little more than six months after the trip to Buckie. Sherlock is lying on his back in his bed at Baker Street.
Sherlock is talking with a representative for the church where John’s great-grandfather Hamish Montgomery worked.
Greg and Mike look after him and then turn and look at Sherlock.Sherlock is so into Richard that he hasn’t seen John leaving.
He seems so scared and small in the doorway. Peter goes to him at the door, talking with him in a calm, quiet voice. Peter turns and comes and stands before John.
They kept up with the evening beers for some months. Sometimes Bill or another one of the soldiers working in the sick tents sat down with them. Every time John felt like they were trespassing on his time with James.
“What you said before, unsettled and unpleasant. Yes, I got a release but for a very high price. The minute I had come, I wanted to be as far away as I could get. Away from his groping hands and breath. Do you know that breath can feel like fire licking your skin?”
“What happened to Ossian Hamish Bell after my great-grandfather left?” Monty nods and gives his support for John’s question.
He looks swiftly up at Peter, who gives him a nod to keep talking. With his eyes back on the carpet it’s easier for him to say what he wants to say.
“I’d prefer to eat in the lounge.” He says in his normal voice like this situation was totally normal for him: Sherlock, his best friend sitting on his bed consoling his daughter.
Peter is quiet for a moment, giving Sherlock the chance to think over his response and to say something more.
“That he’s his great grandfather too. His grandfather was Hamish Montgomery’s second son with his second wife.”
“Yeah, homophobes be warned!” John chuckled and Sherlock looked very proud at the man holding his hand.
“Yes, sometimes. She texts, or she comes over some evenings. She’s met Richard and likes him, but thinks he’s not my future husband.”
Sherlock had refused to have anal sex with him so far, but he had put it on his list of things acceptable. Maybe this was what he had meant?
“Just a moment, John! Just let me put these books down, and I’ll get you the book you ordered.” He goes to the nearest row of bookcases and puts the books on a shelf. He turns around and opens his mouth to say something and-- stares at John, his mouth nearly open.
John tells Sherlock that he is thinking about moving out of his apartment. He doesn’t like living in the home that he and Mary lived in together. Sherlock asks what sort of apartment he’s looking for?
Sherlock has now taken out a little penknife and is poking in between the thicker sheets, making a little gap between two pages. He murmurs to the other men as he is concentrating on his work of freeing the paper, hidden in the page. “You’re right, it’s a paper between two pages glued together in the book, John.”
John would like a good bath after a long day at the clinic, and if Sherlock then had an idea what they could do after the bath-- well, that thought had to wait until later.
“Plump head on his dick that is the same as his ass! He moves over the head feeling the start of eruption coming.
“Your dad said after we got together that he really mourned your mum. He didn’t understand how you and Harry could stand the loss of your mother. The guilt ate at him, every day as long as I knew him.”
“No, but I can understand that the experience of abandonment still hurts you. No matter what age you are, abandonment hurts. It’s hurts even if the person leaving you isn’t at fault when doing it. When my husband was killed-“ His voice breaks and he can’t go on speaking.
“I didn’t know children could make so much noise when they sleep.” Sherlock's voice sounds thoughtful.
“Of, course!” He gives John a wink, smiling to let him know that nothing is decided over who will drive.
“Your safe words are; Go on: Honey; Slowly go forward: Redbeard;  and the safe word I hope you’ll never need, Stop!: Norbury”
After the shower started, John took care of Rosie. He heard the other man going down to the kitchen afterwards. But soon he started pacing around in the living room.
“No, I didn’t mean I don’t want to talk about this with you and Sherlock. I only meant that maybe we could do it at our home, over dinner?” He bites his lips and looks a bit nervous.
The were both sent home for further investigation to be made and after that the decision would be made if they could return to duty or not”
John is immediately alert at that look. He doesn’t want to scare the man, so he goes for a casual question.
When the last word is said neither Sherlock or John knows what to say next. The silence stretches out in the compartment.
A new pause and chance for John to say something. He doesn’t say anything in response, he's only glaring at Peter.
“Did you hear?” A rumbling comes from the bed. “Daddy wants to eat breakfast in the lounge, what do you think?”
They had worked the rest of the tour as Commanding Officer and his Chief Officer Doctor. Very much holding on to their roles in the army.
Shaking his head, John is thinking of Sherlock’s words long ago at the first night together eating dinner: “I think of myself as married to my work.” That had been a warning, and John had realized that and never really tried hard enough to change Sherlock’s mind.
John remembers how happily Sherlock had smiled when he read the card before registering John’s confused face.
“I think that’s good that you told him your limits and what you need from him.He can accept your limits or lose you from his life, that’s his decision to make.What would you feel and do if he couldn’t leave the closet?”
Sherlock feels thirsty, pulls off the blanket and goes out into the kitchen and gets some water from the fridge.
Maybe a kiss will have the same effect on him, Sherlock thinks, and leans in and kisses him tenderly.
Monty suggests in a low voice, “Abandoning his children was the only way it was possible for him to respect his vow to Ossian?”
Immediately John feels jealousy pour through his body. “Have you?!” His voice has an accusation in it.
“‘You’re obviously not asexual, because you’ve tossed off every morning this week in the shower. But you can’t really get aroused when you’re touching me. You don’t know me especially well yet but you like me, and it’s easy between us, with jokes and laughter. Today I heard you say John’s name many times when you jerked off.’”
When the bath is ready with lights twinkling invitingly, he leaves the bathroom to go and wait in the living room.
He knew John and Greg were up to something the next day, but what it was had been difficult to find out.
It’s Friday afternoon about six months from they returned from their journey to Buckie. John is sitting in the 221B sitting room waiting for Sherlock to come back from his therapy season with his new psychiatrist Darin.
Thank you to mazzO6tea6 and srebrnafh for discussing the plot for this chapter and helping with words and phrases in English.
Sherlock only stands in front of him, watching John be overwhelmed for a long time. Then he decides to sit down on the bed with John’s hand still in his own, slowly caressing that hand between both of his.
“No, but if we take the night train to Scotland it would be easier to travel with her. Baby’s like the feeling of moving and sleeps better in a car or stroller when it moves.”
That was the beginning of an event that happened every week after that. Seven weeks of gruelling therapy both alone and in pair with Sherlock. The only difference now was that Sherlock was also doing the same thing: letting out his frustration and letting John know what was bothering him.
“Do you have time for a coffee and a quick discussion how we do with the trip?” John is a bit nervous when he ask this question but it’s over a hour before he must get Rosie from the daycare.
“The priest at that time was looking for the Sexton in his little cottage that interrupts them in their--”
“I will take you on, but not as a client but as helping my dearest best friend. Every time you feel the need to drink, call me, skype to me or come over to Baker Street.”
“Whatever you want, sweetheart. Is it the thing you've been curious about for a long time? Would you like to top or--”
“Him coming out of the closet and accepting that he loves me as his life partner. For him to stop putting himself down for loving a man. Yes, that would be a good start, I think.”
He sighs and tries to pull his head together, but it’s hard when most of the blood in his body isn’t in his head.
Feeling ashamed in the bathroom with Mary and Rosie only a door or two away, with his hand on his prick. Not being able to fantasize about another woman or Sherlock. Always feeling so guilty, not for Mary’s sake but for--Sherlock’s.
That was my legacy from my mother’s father, grandfather George. He was a teacher from a very conservative family.
“I think you’re making Richard to be a bigger obstacle than he is. You’re not competing about anything. Richard already knows and understand this. He’s not jealous of you. I think he is relieved that we will try and save our relationship.”
“Yes.” The word slips out of him in a gasp. “But he has agreed to help me understand where the rampant homophobia in my family comes from. I have told him about the diary and that you are Father’s last lover. He is wondering if you would agree to meet us?”
“He was holding my hand and reading the horrible letter that was send to my mother from a former hookup my Father had at his last deployment. That letter made her decide to-“ he can’t get the words out of his mouth! Still after all this years it hurts so badly to think of her and her decision. Why didn’t she talk with someone? Father and she could have gotten a divorce!
1969 December 4, Hamish comes home on recovery leave. He is at first staying at military hospital for 4 months.
“Still nothing to do with me!? What about this then, the reporter asks if *Dr Watson was a former lover*?!”
The priest describes how he reads the telegram and doesn’t say anything to the remaining churchgoer. He goes into the church and up to the organ gallery. Hamish is sitting at the organ going through music for a funeral the next day.
It´s not often Sherlock get flabbergasted, even his mouth falls open. With a smack he closes his mouth and gets out, “Yes!”
“Hello, sleeping prince.” Sherlock is totally smitten with this relaxed and happy man in his bed. “I’ll wash you before you get glued to the sheets or my skin.”
John couldn’t stop thinking about the dream. Shame, lust and many other feelings keeps creeping into his brain.
“Then we could possibly take the train tomorrow afternoon? I can go to my session with Peter in the morning? What should we do with Rosie?” A troubled look appear on Sherlock’s face when he asks the last question.
Again Sherlock stops speaking. The room is so silent that if a pin dropped it would be too loud. Peter doesn’t say a word. He first looks for John’s reaction, then Sherlock’s.
“If she doesn’t settle down after I leave, let me know and I’ll come back. It must be the new environment and new noises that’s upsetting her.”
Trying to compose himself, he thinks of a new question to ask his client to help him along on the subject.
After some time he explains with a low voice, “I don’t see the whole person in those photos. It can be a part of some especially muscular legs or military clothing that really emphasizes the shoulders of the soldier wearing the clothes. That doesn’t mean that I’d want to have sex with that man in the photo if he was standing in front of me. It’s a fantasy, and I’m safe to tell a story for myself. Many of those stories started when I was a teenager. It’s a story of a good and kind soldier who’s protective, does this make any sense to you?”
Darin’s first response had been to invite Sherlock to sit down in an armchair and then answer the question. “Yes, I'm gay and you’ve already met my life partner Peter Morse.” His smile had been warm and relaxed.
He looks pointedly at Sherlock to get an answer. Hesitantly, Sherlock asks, “You know that there’s been a bit of sexual tension between us?”
John couldn’t take his eyes off Sherlock, something was wrong with him today. Why was he looking so nervous?
“This is nice!” are the first words out of John’s mouth when he sees their compartments for the night.
“Last night you asked me if we could talk in the dark. Tonight I’ll ask you if we can do that again?”
It’s so damned hard finding the right words, Sherlock sighs and looks for words that can explain his feelings.
“First I was afraid to hurt you. The more I worked on myself the more I realized who and what I am. The last straw was when I went through my father’s diaries. Harry gave them to me when I visited her in September. She told me she thought I should read them. The diaries helped her understand why Father treated her the way he did. I didn’t start to read them at first. I told Peter about them and what Harry said to me when she gave them to me.”
“I don’t know how many times I asked him to move in with me. Especially after Harry and John left home and his Father and his in laws had died. The only answer I got was a cold NO!
“Sherlock Holmes’ old *friend* Dr John Watson, was he only a friend or had the two of you been in a longstanding relationship?”
“Oh, you want to run?” Sherlock asks at the same time John turns around and starts running, yelling back, “See you at home, old man!”
Standing there looking at the man, Sherlock hadn´t been able to not ask a question the man had evoked in him. Maybe it would make it easier to talk about some of the things that this psychiatrist should help him figure out.
John and Rosie comes in too the restaurant, he looks around for Sherlock. One member of the staff, that knows who he is and who’s his meeting nods to the next room.
“Shhhh, it’s okay. Everything is alright now. You’re in my arms and you know how much I love you, always have. Sweetheart, Richard is a friend but you’re in my arms.” Sherlock murmurs softly.
After three months together both of them had understood that John had a stronger sex drive than Sherlock.
John glances over at Sherlock, asking silently if he should tell the man what they were doing here. As an answer Sherlock nods.
“We would be foolish to try too be together now. Too many things are broken between us. Too many things that would break us apart after very little problems. I can’t lose you all together from my life. You and Watson are the most important people in my life.”
“Yes! But I think your daughter would appreciate being in the car instead? Probably catching up on some much needed nap, hm?”
“I will look in my calendar and text you some dates and times. Can we meet here at mine? I have a bit of a problem moving around because of my arthritis.”
Two women come over to John’s table. They start talking to Greg, they seem to know him. After a little while Greg introduces the two women to Mike and John.
The boxing on Tuesdays had been good for both him and John. In many ways they're both more fit now than when they were in their 30’s!
John makes eye contact with Sherlock and smiles before responding with a light joke, “Do you want to get our little Bee?”
Sherlock meets him with a hug and kiss to his head. John leans his head on Sherlock’s chest, humming contently when the man lays his arms around him.
“What do you think, Sherlock?” John turns to Sherlock, letting him decide because this is a intimidating and unsettling situation.
“No, not for us being friends, only if we’re together as a couple. John, I have already done the thing with being a couple in closet. I can’t do that anymore, it made me taking drugs and living in celibacy for many years.”
Would he understand that rushing to the sex part of a relationship isn’t working for me? Or would he be repulsed that I think about us having sex at all?”
Sherlock opens his mouth a little and lets his breath caress John´s lips. John inhales through his nose and lets his tongue follow Sherlock’s lower lip, then pulls away and asks, “Is that answer enough, or do I need to tell you that I love you more than anyone in this world?”
“Let us know if you find something more interesting that we need to see,” John says with a questioning look at Sherlock.
“I think we should take a breather now. Sherlock, would you be so kind and go out to Theo and do the things we talked about at your last session?”
“No, You know why I did that.” Their eyes meet and hold for a long time before John asks, “Sherlock, What are you trying to say?”
John had looked Sherlock straight in the eye and said, “It really hurt when you didn’t contact me after the wedding, not even a text message! Then, you kept on solving cases alone, not letting me in. Texting with clients and police both before and during Rosie’s christening. You really ignored me!”
After Richard’s last confession, Sherlock had made tea, to give Richard a moment to get himself together.
John and Sherlock are both surprised at the man’s reaction and what he's telling them. John is the first of them to find his voice.
Just behind his neck and just a few fingers above the cleft of the buttocks. Neither of them seems to mind that now all the cream is distributed on the scars.
The next minute the guy was kissing him. What was he supposed to do? His head was spinning and the music was so loud, and he felt so alive! For the first time in many years!
Minutes pass but the atmosphere is calm and they both feel safe, just being there together on the bed.
That morning had been the start of Sherlock feeling like he was a teenager again, hormones wreaking havoc in his body. It was like the first months when he was with Scott. When just a look at his boyfriend would make him feel like a puddle on the floor.
“Do you like bottoming?” The words from John are startling for both of them. John is very surprised at himself. A little embarrassed Sherlock answers, “With the right partner or the right toy?”
“Do you know about the intercrural position? I was thinking about our different heights and you wanting me close this time.”
He and Father Holstii decide that the next morning, Saturday at 9.30, they will all meet and talk about John’s great-grandfather.
That’s the reason Sherlock had to change his plans to this evening instead of doing it on Saturday evening, which was his first choice.
He looks up, first at John then on Monty. “Is it a note from the night he left?” It’s Giles asking the question as he lays a arm around Monty’s shoulder. He’s sensing how tense Monty is and that he’s in need of support. He knows that Monty would never ask for reassurance but needs it desperately in a situation like this.
“Well, Richard and I had decided to meet for lunch that day. So the three of us had lunch instead of only us.”
“Alright, I investigate how we can travel safely with a child. It’s time for you to leave if you don’t want to be late for work.”
Talking and feeling those feelings again and discussing how his life had been as a child, teenager and later as a university student, made it easier for him to see and understand his anger better.
That evening after Rosie was put to bed and they were sitting on the couch talking about the case. John felt restless and uncertain if he should try to touch Sherlock or if the other man would reject him again.
After the call they decided to change clothes and meet in the entrance hall in an hour. Sherlock let John have the shower first because, he said, John had been renovating the flat all day. Even that thoughtfulness from Sherlock was still a bit confusing for John.
If you´re intressted in what pants Sherlock was using at the seven week´s of seduction at the boxing club.
That was not the only thing that made this year memorable. It had been a rollercoaster, but in a good way. Or mostly good?
“It’s against the Lord God’s Law!” Father shouts, rising from the armchair. When he takes two steps towards Sherlock, John quietly stands up and moves a step in front of his friend.
If you hurt him ever again I will-……… ; you already know what will happen. Congratulations on at last realizing your true loves. Mycroft
Angelo had been very grumpy over the whole thing but also said that the customers were old friends and it was an important anniversary for the guests.
“I can understand that, but it’s always hard to break a relationship that’s isn’t good for you but you still love the person you’re living.”
The client before him comes out from Peter’s office. She looks down at the carpet and passes John without looking at him.
“Why did you have a breakdown? I didn’t tell the reporter anything about you more than we’re friends?”
“Yes! What do you think I meant after Lestrade released us from the arrest? I said it was a lost opportunity!”
Laughing so hard the coffee nearly drips from his mug, John answers with a teasing, “Wait and see, love!”
Faith of them together making it and becoming a strong couple. He stretched to his full height and stood wide-legged in front of his friend. Then he began to speak in a determined voice.Sherlock shudders and puts down the bottle of water on his nightstand table, leaning back at the headboard. Pulling up the blanket around himself, letting his mind go back to that critical moment of their relationship.
“I don’t think they do, Madam. John and I, aren’t a couple. We’re meeting Father Holstii for an investigation.”
Satisfied John puts his head back on the pillow, glancing after the other man’s backside. “What a lovely arse that is!” he thinks before shutting his eyes.
“Yes, for many years that was enough. But it’s lonely and after my experience living with John, I realize that sex isn’t all the things that matters in a relationship.” Nervously he glances towards Peter, as if he’s not willing to really give the other man eye contact.
He stops at the bed and sees that John is asleep with a smile still on his lips. He’s lying on his side, one hand reaching over the place Sherlock left just for a moment ago. The hand is gripping at the sheets, it’s like the hand is searching for something.
They’d discussed so much about sex, not finding anything that worked. John was petrified that Sherlock would give up on him, but he couldn’t do what Sherlock asked of him. It wasn’t right!
Squeezing John’s hand he starts to talk. “With my first lover, Scott. He would get my interest with cuddles, like what we’re doing now. Not holding me in a tight grip. That can make me want to escape even if I want to have sex. Connecting mentally, with words and by looking into each other’s eyes, light caresses and kisses. All that turns me on. Establishing a connection, is that understandable?”
His anger and recurring jealousy over Richard. The man who still remained a friend to Sherlock after their break-up! Going to dinner or concerts. Sherlock telling him that they loved the same classical music that John didn’t like. That man had had Sherlock in his arms like this so many times, but John had almost never had the opportunity to hold him this way.
“You realize that when we started this season the first thing you wanted to talk about wasn’t Marcus and getting to know how long their relationship lasted or your mother’s reason to ending her life. It was sex dreams about Sherlock! Why does that bother you so much?”
John decides to look over the breakfast menu instead of standing staring at them. Coffee would probably be good next morning.
Seeing the man in the kitchen strolling around in only a bathrobe, with not even a shirt under the robe! Maybe not even pants?
The library looks like many other small libraries, with books everywhere and in one corner some computers for visitors to use.
“Alright.” John carefully lifts the cot’s blanket and lays Rosie down in the cot. She mumbles but doesn’t wake up, John puts the blanket over her.
Chapter Summary. I love you: three little words that  Sherlock and John aren’t used to saying to anyone.
“The first ten years that we were together he mostly drunk at weekends. Yes, he could be drunk from Friday evening to Monday morning but he didn’t drink on a work day.”
Father gestures for them to sit down on the sofa or armchairs in the room. Giles and Monty sit down on the sofa, and John in an armchair beside Monty. Sherlock keeps on standing behind John’s armchair.
Sometimes it led to something more, but often enough only to John’s shoulder not hurting, or Sherlock getting help with applying soothing emollient cream on his back.
“Darling, you’re still sleepy aren’t you?” Rosie’s little arms comes around his neck and and she puts her chin against his left chin. she hugs him as hard as she can.
Challenging sometimes. To understand each other’s points of view, and the baggage they both had from previous relationships, and how differently they experience things. Those things were mainly: sex.
“As to your question, no we aren’t in a love relationship. My boyfriend is home in London and John is a widower.” Again he smiles his fake smile.
Peter is also seeing the same reaction in Sherlock’s behavior. He turns his body in Sherlock’s direction and lays all his observation skills on Sherlock and asks.
Sherlock closes the fridge door and goes back to his bed. Sitting down in the bed drinking the water his thoughts go to John’s reaction to Peter's explanation of controlling behaviour.
Many girlfriends were coming and going. Mike started to joke about how he never could go out of his room unless he was totally clothed. Going to the bathroom or the kitchen at any hour could end up being a new meeting, with a stranger!
Richard goes to a table next to  Greg and Mike’s. John takes a chair and sits down beside Mike, not saying anything in response to Sherlock. Only glaring back at him when he goes to sit down besides Richard.
“It was when we talked about you moving his armchair from the living room and then putting it back again.”
“I’m so sorry, John. This is one of the things that I was afraid would happen if we got together. Knowing myself and how occupied my brain can become makes it hard to remember to be physical with people I love. It doesn’t mean I stopped loving you.”
“Yes! It’s my personal life experience. Therapy made it possible for me to get married to Giles and stay married to the love of my life. Why shouldn’t you be able to do the same?”
The kiss becomes many kisses and the sound coming from them is the only one to be heard in the hallway. That’s the thought that makes John break the activities and say, “It’s good Mrs Hudson’s on vacation in America.”
“Richard made me understand one thing just now. He made me realize that I have forgiven you from leaving me in my heart the day you showed me the scars on your back. At last you told me about the three snipers. That’s the first time I really understood how much you were willing to sacrifice for me and your other friends. Now it’s my turn to give you reasons to forgive me in your heart for what I done to you.”
But he had chosen between plague and cholera, had chosen Mary’s flat over living at Mycroft’s house.
You could leave me both by choice and by someone killing you. That’s the reason for my anger at the morgue: drugs. It was better to leave you by my own choice then to wait for it to happen for some reason.”
That makes John giggle, “You make it sound like I would be a delicious girl!” Sherlock's response is quick and resolute.
This answer gives Peter a real shiver through his body. Poor man, if he only knew how valuable he is.
When Richard and Rosie have left them to eat. John feels more ready to ask Sherlock some questions that he was afraid to ask when Richard was nearby.
“The teenager in me would have been happy to know that, adult me feels sorrow over both him and me. Now I know that you do as good as you can with the knowledge you have at that time you make a decision. Good or bad.”
“John, breathe and take a moment. Sherlock will need you to see and understand why he did what he did. This will be hard for both of you, so be as brave as you can for Sherlock’s sake. I’m afraid he might break down, doing this. Abscesses must be cleaned out, John!”
Greg and Mike are sitting at a table in the middle of the pub. Sherlock and Richard come back after they have been smoking outside.
Sherlock had made a comment that Monty had been right, John could sabotage their whole relationship with his jealousy.
“Right! Sorry, so much has happened this last days. You know about Sherlock’s fake jump from Bart’s hospital, too?”
He told Peter about what he had realized that night, that the anger he had been carrying around was an old enemy and a burden. Beginning with his mother’s suicide and father’s abuse in the following years.
With a deep voice Sherlock says, “I may need your assistance, my back is very itchy and sore tonight. Would you please help me put some cream on my scars to soothe  the itching?”
An even bigger surprise awaited John when he came down to the entrance hall nearly an hour later. Sherlock was standing with John’s best winter coat in his hands looking up at the stairs when he walked down. Looking at John with an admiring gaze and a happy smile.
Sherlock fills in with a calm but sad voice, “That broke Hamish Montgomery and he left his family without a word.”
Sherlock is quiet for a moment, deducing how worried and nervous John is. His tell-tale signals are there: standing tall, closing and opening his left hand.
The first words out of Sherlock’s mouth after he finishes the letter are, “Hell hath no fury like a man scorned,” which is a strange thing to say at that moment.
“You see body parts that you can relate to a character in your mind that you like and love? But now seeing an image that can make those fictions more vivid?”
He starts talking in a deep rumbling voice that confirms for the psychiatrist that it is uncomfortable for Sherlock to talk about it.
“Then in July a new male nurse is starts flirting with Roger, a male nurse. Roger thinks he can make Hamish jealous and more interested in him by flirting back with the new nurse. Openly in front of Hamish. Nothing happens, no reaction of jealousy. Roger, disappointed with not getting the reaction he hoped for tells his new man that Hamish is his latest lover.”
“The reporter asked if Richard and I had met each other.” John’s voice has no emotion at all now.“Sherlock answered that we met each other on a pub night with mutual friends.”
“You’ve tried multiple times to calculate how it looked. It’s alright, I’ve done the same with you!” A laugh bursts out of him and soon John starts to laugh with him.
“We’ll keep you safe when you’re sleeping, Watson. Tomorrow will be a long day with traveling by car to Buckie and you’ll see the sea for the first time in your life. We’re going to a hotel with a view of the sea.”
A bit surprised, Sherlock answered that he'd had coffee with her the last time they met that week. John had smiled and said that she maybe could be a new friend he could do things with.
John feels like the worst dad in history and is ashamed over having a sex dream about his best friend that’s in a relationship with a man that isn’t him and are a better man than he is.………………………………………………………………………………….
“I’ll  come with you. The scandal my father talked about with Marcus must be the reason he did such a thing? Leaving his family, I mean?”
He and Rosie goes to Baker Street to leave Rosie in Richard and Mrs Hudson’s care in the meantime Sherlock and him are visiting Marcus.
“Do you want to feel my cook in your hand? the lovely voice of the man he loves asks. He can’t answer only reaching for his lovers cook.
“No, it’s the Watson family with a friend, I’m the friend.” He waves his hand. “So, a room with three beds and one cot. I asked specifically for a cot when I booked the room.”
John turns and goes into the other compartment and lifts Rosie from the bed into his arms. She had gone to sleep immediately after they returned from breakfast, tired after eating.
Rosie looks at her before starting in to chatting and throwing her hand up. Apparently discussing something very important.
“Yes, if it had been a heterosexual love affair I would say it was a great love story!” The priest says looking at Sherlock.
“Richard is a very good listener and we have only cuddled and slept in the same bed nearly naked. Yesterday I realized that he’s starting to be restless about it. He asked if we could do things in the same room. Not touching each other, but maybe- masturbate?”
In the bedroom Sherlock hesitates for a moment before asking, “Do you want to use the bathroom first?” Then after a short hesitation, “Can we sleep in pants?”
“Your fool! Why are you standing here when you have that man in the kitchen?” He is startled when he realizes he was talking out loud.
Slowly they start walking with some of the other passengers out to the train. It arrives at the platform but Rosie keeps on sleeping, even though the train makes so much noise.
“That I make Richard out to be a bigger problem then he is, them dating have nothing to do with us being friends. Sherlock said we’re to broken now and he was afraid that our friendship wouldn’t last if we didn’t go to therapy. When he said that something clicked in me. I started to wonder why my family are so homophobic? I asked for Sherlock to help me to investigate where the hate and fear coming from?”
Some days later when he came home Molly was there and Sherlock said they had decided that she would take care of Rosie for an hour. He handed John a bag and guided him out of the house and into a taxi.
“I can’t pretend that it doesn’t hurt that you´re with Adam. But I am your commanding officer and can’t start any relationship in any form with you on this tour.”
Notes: This is an adult chapter, talking about adult problems in a relationship not through rose-tinted glasses. Sometimes you have to work to get a relationship to work. So, if you’re looking for effortless sex and everything coming up red roses, this chapter isn’t the one for you.
Buckie is a very small town with many older people who have lived here all their lives. People like to gossip, and a scandal in the church, especially one involving one or two of the church employees, will have been memorable.” He shrugs. “Come, let’s start the investigation immediately. John, can you and Monty contact—”
Peter had also pointed out that John’s demand, to always know when Sherlock would meet Richard, was an attempt to control Richard and Sherlock’s interactions.
“No, not now, we started out as flatmates many years ago. Then I left to chase after a criminal and a criminal network.”
“He wanted to hurt both Hamish and his wife in any way possible. Jean Leekey Watson was a good woman and Hamish did like her. He never wanted to hurt her. Time and time again he talked about it to me about how bad he felt over what happened. Hamish thought they would had been good friends if he hadn’t been forced to marry her. He really felt guilty for deceiving her into having sexual relationship with him. Then when she got pregnant they were both forced into marriage even though he knew that he didn’t love her the way he should.”
In a fog John goes over to Greg and Mike.He takes his beer and swallows down more than half the pint in one go.
“How’ll I survive if he and Sherlock decides to start a family together?” Suddenly his eyes is full of tears. Before he knows it he’s struggling with not bawling his eyes out.
“Longing for what?” For nearly the first time in his life Sherlock feels totally stupid. What was John longing for? Mary? Or- HIM?
Sherlock’s long fingers is holding him and stroking with a lovely twists that he himself likes to do when mastrubating.
[ Please, can we see each other today? I’m not angry, only wants to know what we will say to the media after you come out yesterday. I don’t want too say anything you don’t like in the media.] sent 09.34
“Little over five years, is wasn’t easy for me to come out as bisexual. My friends and family thought I was a womanizer, a new woman in every country I worked in.”
“I think both John and I are pretty good at doing that.” A sad smile comes over his face. Peter accepts the answer by nodding his head and asks a new question.
“You’re right to not have forgiven me for hurting you in so many ways. Hitting you when you were high. That’s why we’re talking about this in therapy and not now.”
For a short period before Sherlock’s fall he’d felt safe in many ways, but not completely. The Adler woman and Moriarty had always been a threat in the back of his head.
Quickly John changes positions and follows up: “Can I push down the waistband a little more?” The immediate response from Sherlock is, “Honey!”
John looks down on his hands holding hard at the tea cup that’s now nearly empty. He then says in a low voice so Richard can’t hear him if he’s trying to listen at them.
John’s mother had always been waiting for her husband to give her the time and love she wated. Mentally she hadn’t been there, only her body had kept taking care of the children, her parents and her husband's parents.
It irritated the Holmes brothers that both John and Greg had gotten very capable of hiding things for their partners and joining forces against them, especially when they were really motivated.
“Yes, and I can’t find the reason for why he did that. Not by doing a internet search. I must go to Buckie and St. Gregory and see if there are any information to find in church paper’s.”
“‘Thou shall not wear a garment of divers sorts, as of woolen and linen together,’ 5 of Moses 22:11 in the Old Testament! Yet you’re standing in front of us in black linen trousers, white cotton shirt and white wool sweater!” Father cringes when he hears Sherlock’s words.
Sherlock is a bit surprised over this shift in the interaction, he thought that they would be kissing right now. Sighing, he realizes that John needs this right now, him holding John and caressing him calmly.
“No, but you saw through me and didn’t want a fling or be a secret lover. I think you saved us and our relationship that night.”
“It were fourteen months before Hamish died. Six months before that I had met Eric on one of my traveling trips to Manchester. The day Hamish left for rehab Eric moved in with me. Eric died eight months ago yesterday in emphysema.” His voice breaks when he tells them this.
“How easily she forgets me.” John wrinkles his eyebrows and continues then to talk. “Richard is good with her.”
Therefore, he was back alone in his bed at Baker Street. Feeling miserable and missing both John and Rosie.
After three days he told John that an inspector from a Historic Preservation society would come and inspect the house and meet John and Mrs Hudson.
Marcus nods at Sherlock’s last words and turns to John to say, “I hope we’ll keep in touch, it’s been so good to see that you become such a good man. Sorry that we couldn’t meet when you was younger.”
The temptation to get high for some relief interfered with his thoughts nearly every evening. If he could escape for some hours, at least to the morning. It had been the hardest thing for him to do, staying drug free.
Peter is frowning, this doesn’t sound good. Is he giving too much of himself to Richard because he’s afraid to be alone? He thinks back on what John had seen happening between the two of them.
Some mornings the plumbing didn’t work and cold showers became the normal thing. John also became rather good at plumbing work, which he had put to good use ever since.
“Well, you have the right, after all the times I’ve cockblocked your dates.” Sherlock says this with a smile.
“This is Mike and John, two old friends, and these are two co-workers of mine. Eve works as a policewoman and Maud is a secretary at my department.”
Peter orders him. The room becomes very silent. Only breathing noises are heard in the room for a long time, then Peter ask quietly.
“John, we were friends and lovers for 21 years and first now do I understand that a big parts of him I have never know or understood.”
His first thought when he saw the flowers was that Sherlock  had again made a romantic gesture. He had picked up the card to see if his lover had even written some poetic words. Totally prepared to tease Sherlock a little.
“You know, see if the sperm quality and such thing. It’s like I have been in a tunnel for the last years. Only after meeting Sherlock have I started to live again without thinking about-
“We’ve both grown up quite a bit. We’ve both been willing to go to therapy. We know so much more about each other and we’ve realized how easy it is to lose each other, don’t you think?”
Smiling to himself at Sherlock’s phrase John opens the door and Sherlock rolls the stroller with Rosie into the house.
George became friends with students that were gay at university. He kept the friendship all his life even when the school he worked for was trying too get him kicked out.
30 September 1925. The priest found out about Hamish and Ossian, notes from the priest’s own diary of the years 1920-1927.
He became taken with the man the first time they met, but Commander Sholto kept his feelings in check and for a very long time never let any interest show. They made it through a whole one-year tour in Afghanistan with John falling more and more in love with James.
John turns and looks at the man on the bed, eyes burning with tears. That was the last thing he ever expected to hear Sherlock say to him.
That question had hurt so badly to hear. Realizing that if they became a couple it probably would be Sherlock himself getting a beating.
He can’t love you but you were a convenient shield against being prosecuted by the law at that time and now you’re the mother of his children.
“One photo was of them at a film store selecting a DVD, another photo was taken when they were strolling through Regents Park. They're arm in arm, Sherlock laughing and Richard looking at him with heart eyes!”
It’s nearly half past nine in the evening and Sherlock is standing in Caledonian Sleeper Trains’ swanky new boarding lounge, waiting for John and Rosie.
Greg and Mike look at Sherlock and Richard before they say anything.“He didn’t say anything to me but he was here when we got here.”
“Call me when you have decided with Marcus too meet. I haven’t any case on at the moment only meetings with you and Peter.”
John comes out of the bathroom and starts hanging up shirts and trousers and putting them in the closet.
“He said that if you were mostly straight you would have a better life as a man with a family. Even if you sometimes cheated on your wife with a man! Yeah, I couldn’t believe he said that either!”
Seeing the other couple’s reaction, Sherlock realizes what he has to do. “I can’t keep on deceiving myself or Richard, I have to end that relationship. I’ll never love him the way I love this man.” He looks at John with a little secret sad smile.
“Hamish hated that house! But he was afraid for his own shadow. We had a sexual relationship at nearly 15 years and remained friends that meet for coffee, dinner or only for him to help me with the garden to the day he died.”
“In what situation did he mention that, if I have the right to ask you that? Sherlock sounds uneasy.
“You didn’t hear what I said when you were between my legs?” Breathing hard he pushes out, “That I said, ‘Anytime!’”
“Not everyone has the same faith as you, Father!” Monty says, in a low but sharp voice. The priest falters in his step forward and turns his head to look at Monty.
“That was one of the reason I broke up our relationship. When he couldn’t start a open relationship with me. Living together and proudly say we love each other.
Then in the evenings after they left, the long nights had been so lonely. Feeling unsettled and having bad dreams nearly every time he tried to sleep.
The memes were a photoshop of him and Sherlock in the bath with Sherlock being the big spoon. At the time it had made him angry, but it also made his dreams very vivid!
Sherlock feels like he's been given a big gift: at last John is trusting him with real secrets about himself.
Hamish Montgomery Watson as you know him is now dead. Only my body will remain in this place of Hell that earth is without my Heart.
Sherlock hadn’t thought much about it. When John was in the shower he was on duty for taking care of Rosie.
“Yes, but only if you do the same thing. Call me, skype or come over. I know you don’t like my place-“
John quietly turns and goes into the bathroom. He turns onthe taps in the sink so the other men won’t hear him if he makes any sounds.
A very big Thank you to Silver Girl that beta read this chapter. She’s really has worked hard to bring this chapter to a readable chapter.
John realized that Sherlock felt unsure but was trying desperately to be romantic. A sting of real delight hit him: this man was trying to do better, just for him.
“I think this is something we should discuss in a more private setting, don’t you?” Monty’s voice is also low, glancing back at Nate.
Hesitating for only a moment Peter decides to ask a difficult question. If he doesn’t push him Sherlock won’t accept certain feelings he has for John.
Very soon the kiss gets heated. Sherlock manhandles John onto the bed on his back and straddles him quickly.
After some time, and after Sherlock has eaten half of his breakfast, he lays down his cutlery on the plate and looks up on John.
“It’s funny that your sister is named Anna. I mean, Mary was our ancestor’s name on your father’s side, wasn’t she?”
“Volvo S90, Audi A6I8 and Mercedes E class I6, are the three most safe cars for children to travel in with a car seat. The rental car company didn’t have any Volvo or Audi, so here we are with a Mercedes.”
In a thoughtful tone John answers, “Maybe we can stop somewhere and have something to eat and drink”
A little fear creeps up on John, “Earlier this evening when we walked to the hotel when I took your hand, how did that feel?”
Richard hadn’t pushed the subject but asked about his journey to Scotland. At the same time he didn’t really eat, only taking small bites and looking intensely at Sherlock’s face. As if he was trying to see if his expression would tell him something Sherlock’s words didn’t.
“I’m so sorry for all the suffering I put you through. From the bottom of my heart I hope you can forgive me somehow, someday.”
“How I reacted when I so the headlines on Friday’s paper. My call to you and asking for a emergency session.”
“Even if they did care, why should it bother us? We can protect ourselves better than most other couples out on this street.” John’s response came out a bit biting and brisk.
Sherlock returns and slips into the bed. John snuggles into his side and lays his head on his shoulder.
Peter isn’t saying anything in response to Sherlock’s last words. He calmly looks at Sherlock, waiting for him to talk.
A blush appears on John´s cheeks, “I thought about it. How would you’ve reacted if I had done that?”
Monty lets John think it over for a minute before ending the discussion with his last thoughts. “You’ve had to be too strong all your life, from the day your mother died. All the shit you went through from childhood to now. It’s not good to keep that inside, turning the roughest stones on yourself, somehow always thinking it’s your fault bad things happen. I know how that’s like, been there, done that! Thank heaven I met Giles!” His eyes are so compassionate, but not pitying. John takes a shaky breath again, because it’s really difficult taking those important lungfuls of air. Breathing in and out feels like the hardest thing to do for John at that moment. He’s seconds away from a full-blown panic attack. “Don’t you see, you’re terrified of losing him, so you’re pushing him away as hard as you can. That’s what you been doing from the day he came back. It’s in your DNA to fight, but also to take care of people. And God knows Sherlock Holmes needs both, someone to take care of him and someone for him to take care of, too.” “It sounds like you think we need each other to live.” Shaking his head at that idea, John glances at Monty. Sherlock doesn’t need him, Sherlock has proved that for many years now, whispers a voice in John’s head that sounds surprisingly like his father.
John looks at the angry woman before him. In the corner of his eye he sees from Sherlock's reaction that he had understood that they were arguing.
Me and beta reader Silvergirl have decided that Giles Watson Merivale looks like Tom Hiddleston with light hair! 😉
He returns with the tray and John calmly tells him, as if he hadn’t left the room, “I know, Greg only wanted to make sure that I got you out of the bed and ready to leave Baker Street at one o’clock.”
He sees in Sherlock’s face how hesitant he is to give an answer. After a short silence Sherlock starts to explain.
“I couldn’t do it because then the drugs would have been too tempting for me. I decided to never let you know that I knew that you were bisexual and had thought of us doing the dirty. I didn’t want that, for me it was and still is, all or nothing.”
“Especially when it’s nowhere written in the New Testament that love between two men is forbidden. It’s only written in the Old Testament and today the Catholic Church doesn’t follow that Testament. If we did, why do you have on clothes in different fibers?” Giles asks with a lifted eyebrow, inspecting the Father’s clothes.
“Yes, it’s good for them to have a little time to talk. The night train home doesn’t leave until ten this evening.”
When he gets to the pub he sees Greg, Mike and Sherlock are at the bar. Sherlock is talking to another man, looking happy and relaxed.
“Sherlock, did something happen at therapy? I mean, you were evidently in a rush to tell me you love me.” His voice is low and Sherlock tries hard to hear what he's saying.
Thank you Silver Girl for the beta read and handholding on this fic. I’m very great full for your support.
“Good. Please don’t repeat Hamish’s mistakes. Tell people around you what you feel and accept help to formulate your feelings. If I had to do it all over again I would have made us talk, Hamish and me.”
Sounding really surprised and a bit excited Sherlock asks, “Why should I be offended over that? You find me sexy?”
“Of course I will!” John’s eyes are shining; at last they have gotten it right. With a light-sounding question Sherlock decides to go all in.
Hastily he sits up and reaches after him, “Sherlock! Never ever ask me again if you’re good enough! You’re perfect.”
“John told me that you had things to tell him that you didn’t know how to say.What is it you want to tell John in therapy?”
“We will be visiting very closely to the place where I grown up. Haven’t been there after I left for my first employment. Don’t know what to feel about it?”
“Oh, I’d known that for years but been too afraid to do anything about it.”  John’s upset but something is driving him to speak openly with his cousin. It’s like a floodgate has been broken and the words are just pouring out of him. “I got married to a woman knowing that I loved him more than her. But my father's words kept ringing in my head, ‘don’t dishonor the Watson name!’”
Your righteousness gives you the right to condemn a love that lasted from the time Ossian was sixteen and I seventeen years old? I have never been with another man than Ossian and he hasn’t been with another man than me!
As his body reacts to his thoughts, he tries to hide the fact from his daughter, who is sitting at the table and eating her lunch.
“I´ve not felt comfortable in that house where Mary lived with John. Had the feeling of being a intruder in her place even if she´s dead.”
Without a word he leans up and gives Sherlock’s shoulder a kiss, it’s the only thing he can reach but he urgently needs to do that.
It was that thought that made his eyes start to wander to other women. Women, never a man. He knew that the only man he wanted was Sherlock.
It’s so good! The right amount of suction and big hands gripping his butt cheeks at the same time, caressing them. He wants to see the face of the man.
He’s been living at John’s for a little more than two months. At the flat that had been Mary’s home before she died; that hadn’t been a pleasant experience.
They say their goodbyes and John promises to call soon and then they can decide to meeting with Rosie.
Then it was time for making tonight’s dinner. A fish gratin that could be eaten both hot from the oven or a little tepid. A fresh salad and a dressing to be poured over the salad just before eating.
John had discussed with Peter his relationship with his sister. He had told him how much hurt and feelings of abandonment pained them both. Therefore, they always ended up in discussion of who of them had done what and how wrongly they been treated, both by each other and by other family members.
“I’ll give you a suggestion of an activity you can try. When you’re lying in the darkness before going to sleep, try to tell John something that you want him to know but don’t dare to tell him in daylight.”
That made John stop and think why he was putting such energy into hating a retold memory.  When he said that out loud Peter answered him with a low-voiced
“I know, love.” He takes Sherlock’s nearest hand and holds it. Trying to lace their fingers together.
John thinks for a moment; it wasn’t a clear no and not a clear yes either. It’s … confusing. “Can you explain a bit more? I want to understand.”
“I have told him that I’m bisexual and going to therapy. He then told me he was gay and that evening on a date with a man called Richard.”
“I had a lover for a very short time in university, his name was James Allan. When he ended the relationship--” this was the reason he never, ever wanted to talk about being jealous.
“As I told you yesterday we’ve interviewed my Father’s last lover Marcus. It was very hard for me personally to talk about my mother and her suicide.”
“It’s scares me but he’s right. We need to talk about things that aren't easy to talk about.” He goes over and lies down on the bed.
“Could it be, Richard who’s your true partner in life, but you can’t see it because John is always on your mind?”
“Yes, I’m trying to become an adult. With an adult’s responsibilities, both for my own sake and for yours and for Watson’s. After living alone for many years, it’s one of the things I’ve realized it’s important for me to learn.”
The next day, Sherlock and Peter are sitting in the office looking at each other. Peter is waiting for Sherlock to start the session when he feels ready to talk. Sherlock doesn’t want to talk or even be there, in this office with a man that he thinks can read his mind as well as he can read Peter’s.
The only expression he sees in his face is calmness, and that Sherlock is waiting for John to explain what’s on his mind.
That was the last time Sherlock had tried to discuss the matter before asking for help from Darin again. It was definitely one time too many in John’s opinion.
Now nearly eight months after that experience he was grateful for Sherlock's compassion, for finding a way to get him out of his closed-mindedness.
He retaliated by wearing more and more revealing pants when they went to the boxing club on Thursdays. Sherlock had seen John’s stare the first time they visited the boxing club.
Giles turns to Monty with a small smile; John lets his right hand glide over Sherlock’s back in a calming motion, and Sherlock  responds with a glance and a smile.
Like when John had become sick with influenza the second week after Dad had come home from Ireland the first time.
“Watson had been gone for a few days because one of his sons had married and the family had been away to Edinburgh where they lived. Maybe that’s why they forgot to lock the door.”
“What do you think about investigating this train tomorrow morning and eating in the lounge, Watson? You’ve never been on a train lounge before, hmm? So many things you have to look forward to, Sweetie.”
“Oh, she’s really delightful.” Giles sits down in a hunch in front of the stroller, saying hi to Rosie.
“Yes, my name is John Watson, but not from Buckie -- from London. My great grandfather Hamish Montgomery Watson came from Buckie. Maybe your John Watson is a relative of mine?”
He registers that some people are arguing on the other side of the street. Damn, this is hard to speak about. Why am I doing it?
“That’s a good result for this subject of the session. Is there something else that’s the meeting with Marcus have made you think we must discuss?”
He stops speaking and only breathes. He’s staring at nothing, remembering hurtful things that happened to him a long time ago.
“Sometime before I was born. I only know that he was deployed to Ireland in the beginning of 1979. He was there for a year the first time.”
“I’m in a relationship with another man and John has his daughter with him, in the same room. I don’t think we’ll be specially sexual or occupying our brains with sex.”
He has a flashback to how his feelings had been at that time. The feelings had shifted between small moments of laughter and to being really sad and angry.
“I’ll go and put our order for breakfast on the door handle and stretch my legs for a bit, shall I? Give Rosie some time to really fall to sleep in your arms?” *lucky girl* goes through his brain.
That was the starting point of six months that had been challenging all the way to now. But Darin had been relentless in always being clear in what he thought they should talk about and never ever giving up on a topic.
John has difficulties sitting still in the chair. His left hand is clenching and opening, and he’s shifting around on the chair.
“Well, we can visit Marcus first and talk to him and after that you can decide what you want to do? Sherlock’s voice is so soft that John get a lump in his trout.
Sherlock comes up on John’s left and says, “Montgomery Hamish was born April 1st, 1876, in Preshome, near Buckie.”
He’s thoughts are interrupted when he feels a long, warm and skillfully hand moving over his left shoulder, down to the nipple. Sherlock raises his hand and kisses his fingers one after the the other letting the tip of the fingers become wet, holding John’s eyes at the same time he’s wetting his long lovely fingers.
“I realized that you would never accept being a openly bisexual man. Irene told you she saw right through your bullshit about not being gay. Even then you couldn’t say, “yes I am.”
“After one time to many of his negative response to moving in with me or buying another house some other place there we could live together. I couldn’t stand it anymore. Living a half life always waiting on his bread crumbs of affection and companionship. There were nobody left for him to think of that would take it badly if we lived together. Yes, his sister! But they were never close and they so each other maybe on time a year or less!”
Sherlock remains silent,  searching for validation in John’s eyes. That it’s alright for him to talk about what’s his feelings is before he hesitantly starts to speak.
“Yes, I know. We will take a day at time but I want you to know you don’t need to mollycoddling me for me to love you. It’s time for me to realize that I am a man in my forties, not a child!”
“Really, I’ve never noticed that before!” John answers with a cheeky wink from his left eye. That relaxes Sherlock, John being John.
John looks at the man and are both feeling grateful for his help with Rosie and jealousy over how at home he’s at Baker Street.
“Yes, but she’ll be tired tonight from all new things she will see and from her new surroundings, that’ll take a lot out of her.”
“Hamish Montgomery was an organist for over twenty-eight years at St. Gregory church. When he was fourth-nine years old he moved from Buckie to London. Leaving a wife and five grown up children or nearly grown up child. The youngest child, a daughter, was 16 years old at that time.”
“I need your help getting through all things that happened today. Both the meeting with Father Holstii and the letter but mostly my discussion with Monty.”
Secretly Sherlock was very pleased with his brother’s new relationship. Asking Greg to take care of his brother after the incident at Musgrave had been an ingenious move, though he’d kept up the preteens that he disliked the pair of them together.
“There was my Father with two gay kids. A doctor and active in the local church. His family had been active in the church for four generations!”
Leaving the toilet he takes a bottle of water from the little fridge under the washbasin. Opening his overnight bag he takes out his toothbrush.
“No? Have never heard that before? How come my grandfather Monty was born in St Pancras, London then?
You wouldn’t have left Mary and a normal life, to be in a openly gay relationship. Not even with me.” Sherlock’s voice is so sad.
“To be honest, I don’t know. There and then I thought it would be the only time that it could happen. At the same time it scared the hell out of me, realizing you would run as far away as you could afterwards.”
“How’s it going with the little Madam?” Sherlock doesn’t notice at first that he’s returned. John realizes that is in his mind palace.
At last this fic is finished! But this is not the end of this universe. I will return with a second fic, about the anniversary weekend that John and Greg had planned.
When Monty comes back with the teapot he refills his mug and John’s. He sits down in his armchair and looks at his cousin, and starts by asking a question.
Peter suggested that John should invite her to a therapy session; it ended up becoming three sessions. It had been much easier to talk with each other having a mediator, and someone reminding them that they were grown-ups now. They couldn’t keep on blaming each other for everything. That had been a hard pill for him and Harry to swallow.
Blind as a bat, that’s the only way he could explain his behaviour. He had only focused on how wrongly Sherlock had treated him when he jumped from Bart’s hospital.
“This looks really marvelous, Sherlock,” He breathes out. It hits him how much of an unfulfilled dream this has been for him for so many years.
“Do you remember how you cured my limp?” John is now walking backwards in front of him looking stupidly happy.
“I know you feel like you’ve let us down, just now. But I think it’s probably saved us many problems later on. Come on, let’s get some tea.”
John gives him a serious look. “I haven't said those three words often in my life, to anyone. Only to one other person than Mary on our wedding day.”
“I need the connection with my lover, to be able to let go in sex. My mind can’t be occupied with other things. Lazy days at home and something making my body react positively from stimulation, have made me take care of it myself nearly all my life.”
He smears the cream on his hands before starting to distribute it over Sherlock’s shoulders and neck.
At the same time he’s hoping that Sherlock will realize that going into a full commitment with Richard at this point in his life, given how rocky his feelings are for John, wouldn’t be good.
Sherlock had felt a bit disappointed at the other man’s silence when he told Richard about the session’s conclusion.
The local men had their car with them and after a quick discussion it's decided that Giles and Sherlock will take the car,  Monty and John walk with Rosie in the stroller.
https://www.google.se/search?source=hp&ei=QQMsX6y1EJGQlwTDzZ-YBg&q=mens+underwear+brands&oq=men’s+under&gs_lcp=ChFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocBABGAEyAggAMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjIICAAQFhAKEB4yBggAEBYQHjIGCAAQFhAeMgYIABAWEB4yBggAEBYQHjoCCCk6CAgpELEDEIMBOggIABCxAxCDAToFCAAQsQM6BQguELEDUPUXWI5TYMptaABwAHgAgAH7AYgBnQqSAQU1LjUuMZgBAKABAbABBA&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp
“Yes. John Henry and my Father were officer recruits at the same time and trained together at Sandhurst in Surrey. Hamish, that’s my Father, was 18 years old in 1965 and soon to be a father for the first time.” He looks at Richard, the man is steadily meeting his eyes. John then looks at Sherlock and continues answering his questions.
“I think you must talk openly with Richard about this, and talk about what boundaries you have. Maybe they’re things he has boundaries about too.”
“Oh, I don’t know how that will go down with Rosie. She’s starting to be rather a daddy’s girl this latest week’s.”
“Not gay! How many times have we both heard him say that? You know, if it wasn’t so stupid it would be funny!”
Stubbornly John had protested Sherlock’s decision. Why would he move back home? It would be very uncomfortable with the two renovations going on at the house: both the renovation of flat C and Mrs Hudson’s bedroom in flat A. The workers would start early in the morning, and other subcontractors often came in the evening and worked quite late.
Ossian didn’t speak ill about anyone, he didn’t treat anyone badly. He always, always said, Let him who is without sin cast the first stone!
“I—” he swallows and starts again, “I have used some marijuana that Mrs Hudson had lying around about a month ago, just before I started dating Richard.”
“Hush now, memories of Ossian are never bad, and remembering him with Mr W?” A smile comes over her face. “Oh!”
His head ends up on John’s chest. Sherlock sleeps on, sighing contentedly. John smiles, holding Sherlock lightly against himself.
“How do you normally do when you have to do something and haven’t got any babysitter? We’re at least two adults taking care of her?
“Before Harry declared she was a lesbian. My father had seen me hugging my friend after a rugby match that we won. My father broke my nose and my right arm that evening. The next day he took me to the hospital insisting that I fall off my bike. He was a doctor working at that hospital, nobody said anything!”
After a year James became something more for John, but only a few weeks later James ended the *affair*.  “For a real boyfriend”, as James put it. James had understood that John didn’t want to do anything more adventure, some in the explicit part of their experience together, or go out openly on dates.
“I had survived and found someone who kept me from thinking about killing myself 24/7. What the hell was I to do? When you might leave me again without a word?”
Sherlock doesn’t know how to respond. His eyes are tearing up with the memories of how hard the whole Mary palaver was to him. He can also understand how hard it is for John now after all soul searching his been through and then telling Sherlock his feelings and being rejected.
Taking a new sip of the water he says,“They were also older, so no one suspected them being anything other than friends. It’s because of that Mr Watson didn’t lose his job in the end, and the priest worked to tamp down the gossip. Mr Bell left for his family in Edinburgh and it was only two weeks later that the news of his death reached Buckie.”
John shakes his head, seeing the scene in his mind. Father had written so vividly about the event in his diary. He couldn’t understand how Hamish later in life could behave as he did against his own children with this experience behind him. He sighs and starts telling the rest of the story to Sherlock and Richard.
“John, to the next time we meet I want you to think over today’s discussion. How do you change your behavior when interacting with Sherlock? He doesn’t want you to get away with behaving like a brat or having a childish behavior. You can help him with that by not letting him push you to do things for him that he can do himself.”
Sherlock keeps holding his hand, waiting for what’s to come without pressing him to say anything. “My mother, I can understand now what he meant and it’s terrifying to realize that he’s probably right. I’ve been battling depression and PTSD from that morning Mom died.”
After coming back from that week--in Liverpool of all places because of Claire’s family living there--James had no time for a holiday.
The funny thing was now when he thought back how frightened he’d been about talking about Serbia, when the real problem was his childhood and university years. His mad family and family life. Finding and losing Scott, and not the least Sebastian Wilkes’ abuse of him.
“What have you found?” Giles asks curiously. All three men go to the table, looking at the book in Sherlock’s hands.
“Sherlock, before you do anything, take your time and think it over. What would you need to give a relationship with John a go?”
“John told me yesterday that you two met at Saturday and agreed that you, Sherlock, would help him investigate why homophobia are a problem in Watson family?”
That question had John humming and nodding, desperately searching for words to describe how the atmosphere in his childhood home had been.
For some time Sherlock had let him process his thoughts, only stroking his arm slowly, being a warm presence behind him when John thought about everything that had been said and done.
“If John is a friend, why would a sexual relationship even be a question at all, let alone one that risks breaking up your friendship?”
“When we lived together I took advantage of that because you always was the one that bought food, cleaned and washed. With other words, I was a brat and a child in our relationship as flatmates!”
“Do you want tea or coffee, John?” Ask Sherlock standing besides the table with beverages that the visitors can take what they want from themselves.
He doesn’t dare to look at his lover. “Of course! It’ll be much easier for me to wash your hair and clean your back.”
That evening after that session, Sherlock put Rosie to bed and made two cups of tea before sitting down on the couch. “John, I’ve something to discuss with you that Darin suggested we try, to make our life better.”
“We were flatmates for nearly two years before the incident with Moriarty and my hiatus too take down his criminal network. John moved to another flat when I was gone. Now I live at 221B Baker Street again but John and Rosie lives in the house Mary and he lived at.”
John looks around in the pub but nobody even looks at the two men kissing. Why doesn’t anyone react?
“The hotel looks very comfortable so far, and the restaurant? Do we need to book a table for this evening?”
They kiss like there were no tomorrow. John is surprised over how sweet and hungry Sherlock kisses feels. Electric. Like the man himself, determine and curiosity in every kiss he’s giving. Sherlock is laying half over John’s body so that he feels a very hard cook against his right side leg.
“Why else would Hamish react so strongly against anything homosexual, and manifest his hate so violently in the family? He even left his first name, Hamish, as a cautionary tale to his son.”
Then carried on explaining what he thought. “We decide what the rules are and what’s morally acceptable in our relationship. I promise you that whatever toy you use, it will never upset me. What will upset me is if you cheat with another person. It doesn’t matter if it’s a he, she or they!”
“You’re going on a journey with John, maybe that will give you an opportunity to talk.” Sherlock doesn’t say anything, only looks at him.
“I don’t think so, but I have a best friend who dislikes this sort of thing. Tonight he seems to like being here with his new boyfriend.” The irritation is clear in his voice.
“Mum killed herself with sleeping tablets the night between second to third of November 1982. Father was out with friends at a poker night and didn’t come home before after midnight. He slept on the couch in the living room. Both I and my granny so him that night. Granny did see him when she went to the toilet a couple of times between one and seven in the night. I so him in the morning sometime between five and six when I needed water to drink.”
Sherlock writes down some dates that are especially interesting for him in his research of the Watson family.
He goes to the sofa and sits down and hugs his husband. “At least today I can love you openly and proudly, my love.” Giles needs the security of feeling Monty’s presence and doesn’t care what the other men think.
