“I worked so hard for this internship and all I’m asking for is three months without coming here and you don’t want to let me,” Peter said tartly. “You keep acting like I’ll grow out of this science thing or that I don’t really want it. Well newsflash, Pops: I like science and math. I love it. What I don’t like is sitting around this sad little apartment sketching things. I hate painting. I hate drawing things that aren’t blueprints. Every time I suggest we do something different, you just bring it right back to doing something you like to do!”
still love you,” Steve confessed, his voice breaking just a little. “I’m stuck with that for the rest of my life. I still love you. I still love you and we didn’t even end our marriage in a way that gives me any excuse not to love you. So I just have to—I just have to sit here and—“
It suddenly made sense why Iron Man was always so interested in Tony, why he always seemed to know him best.
Steve kissed him then, slow and sweet. His arms were as welcoming as ever, and Tony melted into him without a second thought. He loved Steve Rogers more than he should, and he knew now he could never do anything to risk losing him again. It would take time, and there would be plenty more hurt in their future, but Tony had seen firsthand how choosing to work on a relationship brought more love than he could have hoped for.
“I don’t give you this and you’ll wake up and try to kill someone,” Blaine said evenly, pressing his thumb against the crook of Steve’s arm where the bump of a vein was visible. “Obviously, this dose would kill me, but I got some extra from Sharp just for you.”
Here was his chance to tell Peter the truth. To tell Maria that she was his granddaughter, though not by blood. That he had burned a letter from Tony Stark just a few weeks ago where Tony had written about still being in love with him.
His usual spot was empty—all of the furniture rearranged so that the place where his favorite chair used to be was utterly bare. He wasn’t welcome here.
“I don’t think sleeping next to someone counts as cheating at all,” Tony said distractedly, moving toward the bed to the side where the covers were undisturbed.
Tony frowned, but gave a singular nod. “And it wasn’t like I suddenly didn’t care about you anymore. I know it probably seemed that way. But I couldn’t keep leading you on like that when I could feel that it wasn’t coming back.”
Normally, Tony would assume Steve just wasn’t comfortable with potentially tumbling into bed with him. But given that they’d started this relationship waking up in bed together in Steve’s tiny apartment, and judging by the look of dread in Steve’s eyes, he had to assume that wasn’t what this was about. No one dreaded having sex with Tony Stark. Especially not Steve Rogers.
He sputtered, his mouth filling with wet, coppery sand and more ocean water. And all he could think about was a goddamn pamphlet page.
Against his better judgment, Steve nodded once.  He stayed behind as Franklin and Maria walked together through the atrium, his hand lingering near the pistol on his hip just in case this was some kind of trap. He didn’t like Franklin one bit.
Steve woke up refreshed, like he always did, and swung his legs off the side of his bed. A quick glance out the window showed that the day was overcast. His phone buzzed insistently where it lay on his dresser, but Steve made no move to check it. Not yet. He took solace in these quiet moments before he was fully awake, where he lived in the margins between still sleeping and supposed-to-have-texted-back-by-now.
He felt a familiar ache, wishing he could be out there in combat fighting alongside his friends. A distraction from his oncoming divorce would be a godsend right now. But he’d made his move, and he was sticking to it. Until things ended with Tony, he was going to be an Avengers consultant. On the off chance things between them were fixed, he’d take steps to rejoin the team. But they were past being fixed now.
He’d discovered recently that she had quite the vocabulary, but wasn’t fond of using it. She kept her words to herself, and with her little frame and puffy cheeks no one thought it strange yet. They would, someday, but Tony knew they’d work through it. He still hadn’t gone digging about her past, but there were things he noticed. She trusted him now, but it would be a long time before she fully knew he wouldn’t leave her.
“Uh huh. Always making sacrifices, aren’t you? Like spring break in the Bahama--Oh, wait, you bailed.”
Natasha appeared with a thick plastic board, and Tony did plenty of complaining while Steve and Natasha helped him onto it and secured him. Natasha took the half with Tony’s head, while Steve got the end with Tony’s feet. They lifted on three and headed for the chopper that sat idle on the beach.
Tony’s face was burning. Steve could see the blisters forming on his cheeks where his skin was exposed. He knew he was supposed to be telling Tony something…something about someone he loved but—
“Today’s the day, boys,” the Major said. He had flaxen hair and white blonde lashes. He couldn’t be older than Steve. “Today’s the day we show the Jerrys what happens when they fuck with us. By nightfall we’ll be holed up in Caen, hanging Jerry corpses and havin’ campfires by hollowed Panzers, roastin’ marshmallows, and thinkin’ about our gals at home.”
“So why doesn’t Steve sit in Jackson’s spot? There’s no use in him sitting back here if there’s a free chair,” Tony said.
Right now, he just had to make it through the next few minutes while Stark got his coffee or his breakfast or whatever.  So he focused on his newspaper and tried to think of a witty comeback.
“Good,” Tony said with a nod. The harshness from before had left his voice, Steve noticed. “I’ll work on a cheesy line. I think a little improve will make it more organic. Friday, how did we look?”
“I’d scold you for that, but now you’re gonna have to hear it constantly too,” Steve chuckled. Then his voice softened, “I love you too.” So much his chest ached just saying it. “So much.”
“He doesn’t feel like a prisoner,” Tony told him. “I don’t know what’s going on with that kid. Hormones, probably. But he loves it here.”
Tony frowned, but his eyes were mischievous. His pupils were huge, and not just with desire, Steve knew.  “Well, I want you again. And I don’t want to go to group.”
Steve didn’t wait for a response before he stood up, heading into the belly of the ship to grab some clothes. He should have done it ages ago, but he couldn’t allow himself to leave Tony’s side when he wasn’t awake. Old habits from a war long over.
“And let you try to find your way back? No thanks,” Steve chuckled as he went around to the other side of the car. He was sweaty, but his breathing had slowed to a normal pace. No one would guess that he had gone one a thirty-mile run.
Steve immediately thought of Bucky. He’d told the story of losing Bucky right after it happened, to the Howlers, to his CO, in his writeup to the brass. Over and over he’d relived that story, told it until his jaw hurt from holding back his sobs.
Low candlelight reflected in the swooping curve of an empty wine glass, dancing along the smooth surface as waitstaff walked quietly past, not one of them whispering about the table’s only patron until they were out of earshot.
ended up saying something stupid like that.  Tony probably thought he was an idiot, like everyone else that ran into him. He had come a long way from a few years ago. He knew about the world. He wasn’t actually stupid.
Steve’s mouth opened to speak, but no words came out. Tony’s gaze flicked down to those beautiful lips before they moved back up to that furrowed brow and those dumb glasses.
He hefted Morgan into her carseat and activated the safety protocols he’d designed to keep her protected while driving in New York. She was probably the safest kid in the world when she had his tech guarding her, but Tony didn’t like to take chances in cars. Especially when his parents’ murderer was still running around cornering him in alleyways.
Rhodey froze and looked up at him.  There was silence as they stared at each other, and it went too long for the silence to be shock.
“Steve, you’re torturing yourself,” Tony whispered in his hair. “You just torture yourself so much. Nobody hates you. Peter loves you.”
The molten shrapnel hadn’t been molten shrapnel at all, just Bucky’s metal fingers ruffling his hair like he always did.
Steve gripped tightly to his duffel, the base of his fingers hot as the nylon straps cut into his hand. He hadn’t been denied at the door, so that was at least one good sign.
Tony sighed, pulling the screw from his lips and placing it on a magnet stand with a variety of other bits of metal he’d collected so far on this little project.
Tony’s gaze softened. “I know, Steve. You’re too good for that.” Tony’s hand lifted from beneath his, and Steve hummed as fingers carded through his hair. He heard the tablet click off, and opened his eyes when Tony slid back down beneath the covers, arms winding around Steve’s middle.
He could no longer tell if he was tasting Steve or if it was just the taste of everything that had been taken from him.
His vision began to fade, and Steve knew it was going to go black for a long time. He didn’t think of Peter, or Tony. He saw balloons, Coney Island. But he felt the warm hold of a chubby little fist around his index finger, the feeling of ruffling Peter’s soft hair, warmed by the sun.
Even so, the anguish he felt did not puncture all of him. It did not puncture the parts that longed for the itch of sand against his skin and the raw pain of a well-timed punch to his jaw and the exhaustion that left his bones rattling and his eyes bloodshot. No pain reached there. In fact, it made him want to lung and grab Peter by the throat and explain to him in excruciating detail what all he had sacrificed. He had never felt that urge so strongly before.
Sure enough, she appeared in the next room, crawling into bed and slipping beneath the covers. The man followed, still smiling as he sat on the bed and kicked off a pair of slippers. The target emerged from the blankets when the man leaned back against the headboard, resting her head against his chest, giving Bucky the perfect angle to shoot her in the heart.
She nodded, too well trained to give him a look of surprise. Not to mention he was pretty sure she’s been his waitress last week. He couldn’t ever remember. “Thank you, Mr. Stark.”
Steve cocked a brow, but then his vision went dark for a moment. He felt his cheek slump against the log.
“Oh, I’m still a little upset,” Tony assured him with a sly grin. “But it’s nothing we can fix now, and I’m trying to…you know. Give us a real shot. A clean slate.”
And in typical Steve fashion, he looked up exactly in Tony’s direction and exactly into his eyes without even knowing where he’d been. Tony’s heart locked up in his chest, and panic began to rise when Steve stood, taking Morgan’s hand and leading her back over to him.
Instead of trying to persuade him otherwise, or even pretending to, Pepper let out a sigh of relief. “Thank god.”
Steve clicked the button again, ending location sharing. He took a breath and strode into his bedroom, collecting his duffel.
Blaine took off his beanie and ruffled his hair before putting the beanie right back on again. “Get fixed up. You’ll go out with us in two days. I expect you to be ready to kill and complete the mission.”
The background noise on Peter’s end of the line died out, presumably as Peter walked to a quieter part of the reception. “Do you always have to hurt him like that, Pops? Really?”
Steve’s hand came to his cheek, but Tony didn’t allow a kiss. He was too afraid he might throw up. Things had just gone from bad to worse, and now he had to spend three months knowing he was going to ruin Steve’s life when he came back, because he couldn’t wait around. He’d be a father by the time the quinjet touched down on Stark property.
Tony kissed him then and Steve let himself relax even more as it deepened. Tony hadn’t been home in almost a week.
“I’m here for her too,” Steve said quietly. “And you.” He looked increasingly uncomfortable standing there with everyone watching him, but Tony took some pleasure in watching him squirm. Maybe that was cruel, but he’d been under the impression this man wanted nothing to do with him until a few minutes ago.
A part of him dared to think that maybe Tony had planned this as some insane, abstract, batshit way of getting them back together again, but he knew that was a lie. Those kind of lies kept him up at night, playing old memories, old kisses, old touches that used to make him feel warm and so safe.
Steve looked Tony in the eye, unsure of what to say. “My therapist says I’m not allowing myself to move on.” He sighed. “I know it isn’t right, but I still love you, Tony. I’m jealous of Jackson. Every time I see the two of you together I feel like I’m interrupting something. I like him, I do, but it hurts me to see you two.”
Nikolai wagged his tail in the darkness, shooing away a few lazy fireflies that had ventured too close.
“Did my dad tell you about that?” Peter laughed, shaking his head and rolling his eyes. “We haven’t set a date yet, but yeah, we’re engaged.”
Steve shrugged on a shirt that was a bit too tight, but he had no other options. Tony would think it was purposeful, like Steve wanted to try to win him back by wearing a fucking tight shirt. Like some—
Clint stayed for a long time. Tony didn’t get much work done. Every few minutes he was glancing at Clint’s location in the building, despite having asked for Friday to tell him when there was movement. He didn’t get what could be taking so long. Unless Clint was explaining the whole mission in depth, but that usually happened on the quinjet. Or maybe they were just catching up. Steve and Clint didn’t hang out much, though. It was probably something about Bucky. Clint seemed to like Barnes quite a bit, though Tony couldn’t hope to understand why. Bucky had been the reason he got himself locked up on the island.
But Steve knew it was so much more than that. It would be for him, anyway. Here was a chance to make up for what he’d done, to win Tony over. To get back where they were before all of this happened. And if it didn’t work, they’d at least part friends. Actually friends this time.
It would be easier when Tony and Jackson were gone and he only had Peter and Harry to look after. A month to spend time with Peter and show him the things his father was too caught up in his tech and luxury to see.
Steve took the familiar weight into his hand, then slung the backpack on with practiced ease, even going to far as to clip it at his waist, just in case the trip wasn’t as seamless as his arrival.
“Let’s hope not,” Steve chuckled. He looked to Tony. “Good to see you. I hope everything is going well.”
“Please,” Franklin said. “Would you come with us? Maria’s parents are outside. I’d feel safer if we had an escort. I’m sure Mare would too.”
Despite being close to waking, Steve could still find peace in Tony’s features. His skin was smooth, his lashes long and dark. His cheeks soft, that immaculately groomed facial hair still in place despite being sandblasted from an afternoon spent dozing on a windy beach. Tony’s brain was quiet—and Steve seldom got to see when Tony Stark’s brain was quiet. Even in their most intimate moments, Tony was always at least a little bit distracted. His mind could not focus on one thing—that was never ever going to be how he worked.
The night terrors were back then. Tony didn’t want to know when they had started up again, but it was hard to see Steve Rogers so…diminished. So human. Even Tony, who had dated him and at one point wanted to marry him, still thought of Steve as someone close to perfection. Good looks and infectious smile aside, Steve could handle immense pressure with ease. He was a beacon of hope to so many…but that didn’t mean he was perfect.
“You do not abandon mission!” Blaine shouted, glaring at him with so much fury in his eyes that Steve would have shrunk away if he were capable of doing anything but pulling a trigger.
Ever since his days picking fights in back alleys until his eyes were swollen shut and his face was cut and bleeding, he had sought death. And now he couldn’t let himself die. He had a team to fight for, a son and ex husband that wouldn’t want to deal with a funeral, and a life that would just keep going.
He vomited again, though this time it was just a punch in the gut with nothing coming up his throat but stomach acid.
Steve never said anything about it because he was pretty sure it was true. Emory had no flaws on the battlefield. He was smarter, stronger, and faster than every non-superhero Steve had ever met, and he was only twenty-four. Four years younger than the Special Forces officially allowed.
Blaine’s fingers were suddenly at the dip of his collarbone, but Steve wasn’t startled. His body had long since memorized the difference between the touch of a teammate and the touch of someone else.
Despite initiating the cruel little exchange, Steve was still surprised to hear Tony so flippant about it. “So…like this, then.” He leaned in again, and this time Tony didn’t resist, tipping his head back just a little.
“What the hell happened between you two?” Tony asked, pulling up a few screens to try to trace the call. He wanted to know where Steve was.
“Yep, I’m listening,” Blaine said, but Steve could tell that he was looking away just by the sound of his voice.
“Am I sharing you?” Steve demanded. He had to know, and this was the only way he was going to find out.
If Tony noticed, he didn’t say anything, and instead shepherded Steve down to the other end of the bar while their drinks were made.
Steve had suspected some sort of concussion with the impact of the crash—especially since Tony hadn’t been wearing the suit.
It was making him pretty angry, actually, but he was not about to be the self-centered asshole that ruined his son’s wedding.
Steve turned on his heel, staring hard at his husband. Tony was dressed in a sharp suit, with dark sunglasses that probably weren’t coming off any time soon. His hair was more unkempt than usual, and Steve was pretty sure he could smell perfume when he advanced on him.
There was a little hiss, then his phone began to hover on its own, setting itself down on the side table. A small metal pill drone emerged from the base of the phone and zipped in front of him, ready for hands-free communication.
Out of anyone, who the fuck would have thought Steve Rogers would be the one to be handed the papers? Who would have thought it was Steve who wasn’t good enough to deserve a marriage?
A bullshit excuse, but Steve didn’t have anything else. He would much rather spend the morning being lazy, relaxing on his comfy sectional that still smelled like the furniture store than having another screaming match with Tony.
“You haven’t talked to me this whole week. Usually I wouldn’t notice, but it’s just us. You’ve barely said a word to me. And you won’t look at me.
A bitter taste slid down the back of Steve’s throat, and when it mixed with the affection in his chest, it created a cocktail of pain that could only be described as lukewarm. Just enough, but not enough.
Bucky stepped back into the shadows, but Tony could still see light reflecting in his eyes, maybe a little more than usual. Tony turned to his car, checking one last time for dents before slipping into the driver’s seat.
Steve was wrapped in one; the fuzzy green kind that was somewhere between itchy and comfortable. A fine line he didn’t like walking, especially when he wasn’t wearing any clothes. Everything had gotten soaked pulling Tony out of the sea (honestly, Steve and water retrievals were so common that he ought not to go anywhere near any body of water for the rest of his goddamn life just to save others the risk).
judge that,” Rhodey said, taking a sip of his drink. His face soured for a moment, but he took another sip anyway.
Preventing it the first place would have meant not asking Steve to do this at all. No—it would have been declining that goddamn wine Thor had given him at that goddamn party.
Tony let out a little snort, then patted Steve’s arm. “Go home,” he said, his voice strangled with emotion. “Make sure he takes good care of you.”
“Illegal? Totally.” Blaine smirked, pulling the needle from Steve’s skin. “But not addictive. It was designed for us, actually. For extended undercover ops.”
It didn’t give him time to think about anything but the pain in his muscle and the burnt out brain between his ears.
Tony flinched, but didn’t refute it. “I wanted to tell you before you left,” he said quietly. “But I was too afraid—”
Bucky looked at him and smiled a little. “I know you’re sorry. It ain’t your fault I misunderstood.”
Tony was at least sober enough to type without any misspellings, so that was something. Maybe there was a chance they could have a real conversation, a rarity now.
His first instinct was to test the straps that secured him, which turned out to be a useless exercise. He was hopelessly tied down, with no way of moving whatsoever.
Tony ran a hand through his hair, a motion of ultimate stress and frustration. But Steve wasn’t backing down just because Tony was uncomfortable.
Tony moved slowly, watching Steve’s face for any sign of hesitation. Steve didn’t offer any. He would want to hear Tony’s heartbeat too, if he’d lost his husband. So he let Tony rest his head against his chest and it was strange to feel such a familiar weight and shape. Tony even nuzzled in the way his Tony had done when they fell asleep on the couch together watching a movie.
With a sigh of defeat, he wrapped himself in a blanket and headed for the gym floor. The indoor track was his favorite way to keep his mind slowed and his body moving. Sleeping had become pretty much impossible since Steve had left, though those two things were mutually exclusive.
Steve didn’t have the thought to disguise his surprise as he looked up.  On the screen were a few pictures of Peter and Mary Jane, pictures Steve had never seen.
“You don’t have to,” Steve said. “It’s helpful, but she’ll feel cold. It’s pretty uncomfortable, even if it helps the most.”
The mask was flipped up, and Steve could see the back of Tony’s throat as he just screamed, veins popping in his forehead, tears streaming hot down his cheeks.
“Maybe you should let me explain this one,” Rhodey said evenly, the door to the lab clicking shut behind him.
A long sigh escaped him as he took another look down the beach. As though something might have changed in the twenty seconds he’d been looking elsewhere. Nothing had—the waves still seethed at the sand, a few crabs skittered along the receding water, looking for prey. Everything was so cold and solid—like stone. The sea itself was just was churning, moving rock; ancient and unforgiving. Slow and merciless.
The door fell open, landing in the shallows with a massive splash that engulfed men running to shore on either side. A mine burst fifty feet away, and a man blew clean in half, his gun flying with a hand still attached.
Bucky cocked a brow. “And you’re telling me you wouldn’t’ve just gotten into your car and left me by the side of the road?”
Tony remembered those calls. He used to be able to tell how difficult Steve’s day had been just by his tone of greeting, his choice of words. Now he couldn’t remember those cues and they had once been so ingrained in him that he could hear them in his dreams—and nightmares.
Most of all, he remembered the one time he had gotten so angry at Peter for the constant barrage of questions about everything from why the sky was blue to why JARVIS wasn’t a person. When he had snapped so venomously at his little son that Peter had burst into tears and ran off.
There was no telling when Steve would get home, though he would hopefully get a seven hour heads up from Natasha once the mission was complete. Tony’s job would be to make sure no one tailed them home, which was going to be difficult if it coincided with  Morgan’s art class.
Jackson shook his head. “Steve, please.  I feel horrible about the mix-up with the invitation. That was so rude of me. Let me make it up—“
“I never saw it like that.” Steve shook his head. “An abusive relationship implies you had malicious intent. Maybe it wasn’t setting us up for anything healthy, but you were always so stressed. Keeping tabs on me made you feel like you could protect me better if something went wrong. And knowing about what missions I was taking helped you not rip your hair out with worry.”
“We all do things we shouldn’t,” Tony said. “Granted, some of them are a lot more terrible than others, but.” He gave a little shrug.
Occasionally someone from the fresh meat would sit there without knowing, but after losing their plate of food to an operator and getting into a conversation with five men who weren’t really all that friendly to strangers, they learned their lesson.
“Sorry, what was that?” Tony prompted, plucking another fry from the pile and popping it in his mouth.  The place smelled like frying oil and cheap perfume. Like something out of Mad Men, which was probably why Steve liked it. Though technically Mad Men was twenty years after his glory days. Or fifteen. Or whatever.
He gave Tony a small smile and an equally small wave from the elevator before the doors closed. The elevator started downward, and Steve’s heart went with it, sparking a dull, throbbing pain in his chest.
“Any way you want to swing this in the media?” Steve asked after a moment. “Me leaving and everything. Might stir up some rumors.”
A Navy commander stood on the deck, hunched against the wind, a wave cracking into the belly of the boat behind him. Steve remembered the white mist raining down, squinting into the grayness. Everything was gray. Dark gray paint on the deck, white gray in the clouds above, green gray on the uniforms of all the men.  All gray, everything gray.
“And it’s my fault and I know that too. I moved away to see if I could stop myself from acting like an idiot every time they were around—crying and acting like a goddamn water fountain all the time.” Peter had probably been too embarrassed to have anyone over when he was younger for fear that Steve would have some sort of breakdown. Fuck, what a loser. What a cowardly loser. He tried to run his hand through his hair, but his palms were a mess of tender, shredded skin and black stitching.
Peter looked puzzled for a minute, then looked at the floor. “Yeah. Should be here any minute, actually. But I didn’t want to leave without saying sorry.”
Steve switched out his sniper for the assault rifle mounted on his back, checking his ammo and eyeing down the scope once before nodding to Blaine. With that, they headed for the control room.
Bucky frowned at him and then glanced to Blaine and Sam. “Can you give us a minute? Lemme talk to him.”
“After I left, I didn’t even want to cry,” he said quietly. “Crying only makes it worse.” It made him see how weak he was. How fragile. Even talking about crying made him cringe. What a pathetic word. “And I know Tony’s either gonna find me tonight or find me tomorrow and he’ll try to talk to me about it but I just don’t want to, Buck. I don’t want to be around them anymore.”
“I mean, he’s handsome and he’s nice. And he’s pretty much the most badass guy on the team, not to mention he’s just downright generous and all that, but yeah, not worth it. He’s actually a good friend of mine.”
“Oh please. I’d be lying if I said he didn’t have an aesthetically pleasing appearance,” Tony said, pushing past Steve to get in the fridge.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said as he brushed off his shirt. “Didn’t mean to sound rude. I just…” He shook his head. “You’re funny, Steve.”
But he couldn’t. For one, Bucky had made it very clear that he was straight, and two; Steve just wasn’t attracted to him. Sometimes he tried to will himself to see Bucky’s handsomeness as more than just…handsome, but he couldn’t. Bucky was his best friend, his brother, the one person who he knew for certain would never leave.
Tony smile wide, and it rang genuine because he was so relieved. “Didn’t bring you home, I just let you walk me to the door.”
As much as Steve had a feeling Blaine cared about him as a teammate and as a friend, nobody in this group took pity on him. All of them had their own shit to deal with and they didn’t like cowards.
Steve kept his gaze on the elevator doors at the end of the hall. “I’m not U.S. military. I’ve told you that.” He slid his gaze to her, eyes narrowed. “And no, this is not how rescued hostages are treated. My team doesn’t rescue hostages.”
“Night night, boys.” She held Steve’s gaze for a second and gave him a wink before she closed the door. Great.
Tony said down, and Steve fought the reaction to cringe. He didn’t want Tony anywhere near him.He didn’t want Tony to even acknowledge him
Steve buried his face into the join of Tony’s neck and shoulder, shaking with something between a laugh and a sob. He was home.
“I mean my face,” Peter said, little fingers drumming on the toilet seat. “He hasn’t seen my face in a long time. I growed a lot.”
Steve slid his hand underneath Peter’s, smiling a little at how warm it was. And how small. Peter’s fingers barely reached his knuckles.
Steve stood at the sink, gently running the razor over the line of his neck, butterflies in his stomach. He didn’t think he’d been this excited about anything since—God, he didn’t know. But it probably had something to do with Tony then, too.
He looked sad. Tony saw it behind the fear in his eyes, and he knew exactly what it was. He’d worn the same look years and years ago, standing there shaking in the threshold to Steve’s room at the compound, trying to figure out how not to fuck up asking Captain America out on a date.
“Hey, Steve,” he greeted, like it was normal to find Steve Rogers shirtless on the track at four in the morning.
He waited for an argument, but there was none. Wanda just gave a small shake of her head, defeated. It was better this way. For the team.
“Ye—Peter, just—“ Tony put his head in his hands as Steve quickly stood up, arms crossed and eyes ringed red.
“You ever need anything, you just call me, got it? I’m up all the time. Only person that ever calls is you,” Bucky murmured, carefully sliding his hand up Steve’s back to thumb at the base of his neck, in the same manner that someone put a hand on a horse’s rump to ensure they didn’t get kicked as they walked around it.
“Steve?” Tony croaked out, gripping tight to him, his fingers curling into Steve’s shirt. “What the hell happened—where were you?”
“Hold still,” Tony murmured, gently gripping Steve’s heel with his left hand. He held his banded palm a few inches from Steve’s foot.
There was an enormous amount of comfort in knowing just that one little fact. Whatever had just happened, Tony could take care of it. He could fix it, or at least tell him what was going on.
God, he should have gone to the tarmac. He regretted that more and more every day. He should have been there. Just him, no Morgan, told Steve when they got home. He should have been there.
He thought back to that ballroom, the dark wood. Now it reminded him more of the nightmare that Wanda has shown him: his worst fear. “You finished the room.”
“Let’s move forward. Whatever that entails, but no one tells Steve. I’m telling Steve when it’s the right time. Hear me?”
Tony cradled him closer, and Steve just allowed himself to go limp in his ex-husband’s arms. He’d get up tomorrow, take a shower, shave, move on with his life. Peter would leave and Steve would plod along, stuck in his pseudo-immortality with no family and friends that he’d drifted from thanks to a relationship he had thought would last.
“Well, I’m sorry she’s not feeling well, but I’m going to bed. Call me if it’s not better by morning.”
Goddammit. “About what?” Steve asked. “I think we’ve talked about everything we could possibly talk about on this planet.” But Tony had already punctured his cheek with the hook, because Steve had never thought to spit it out. Not really.
Bucky’s eyes turned upward, and for a moment Tony could see the twenty six year-old kid who went from working in a shipyard to waging war in countries he probably couldn’t have even pointed out on a map a few months prior.
“No, it’s okay,” Tony said gently. “You did get through it. I’m sure it was terrible for you. It was terrible for us too, and let me tell you, there are few things worse than finding out your husband has been keeping a secret from you for years.”
It was at that moment that Tony realized he hadn’t visited this floor in over a year. He kept his gaze firm on the boiling pasta. No need to get sentimental here.
Steve forced another laugh. “Oh yeah. For sure.” He licked his lips. Lying to Bucky was probably on his list of things he hated to do most. But it was necessary. “But I just wanted to let you know I was okay.”
Tony almost laughed. Almost. “Right. He does go on the internet, you know. Not that he needs internet to see that me and him don’t exactly match up on the morality scale. ”
Two years they’d spent in this tiny apartment in France. Two years he’d raised their son alone, but safe. Tony didn’t even know where they were, and this spot had been meticulously chosen to be busy but tucked away. A place where Peter could grow and still be a child instead of staying all but imprisoned in a small apartment.
Tony touched him again and this time Steve tensed, but didn’t recoil. The pressure of Tony’s fingers was warm, unnatural.
“No. You haven’t cared about supporting me since the day you shoved divorce papers in Dad’s face and left.”
The word “bisexual” still made him flinch—homosexuality was a bad enough word from his past, but being attracted to both sexes? Steve still wasn’t comfortable with it. Of course, it felt good to have an accepted identity of sorts, but in his gut he still felt like he was sinning. It was his old way of thinking, he knew, but that didn’t leave him easily.
Most noticeably, the room was quiet. And clean. No decorations to clutter up space, no rugs or furniture to distract the eye. Steve smoothed out the sleeping bags, relieved that they could actually sleep at all. He’d expected the mission to take longer—they always did—and yet he didn’t have the pent up feeling of dread that came when a mission was
Steve let out a cute little half snort that had Tony grinning wide. Steve Rogers was such a dork. Terrifying, but also a dork. Tony liked to get him someplace quiet, to see the side of him that didn’t throw the stinkeye at anyone that talked too un-patriotically.
“I love you, Pops,” Peter said against his chest, his voice quivering. “And I’m really s-sorry for saying that to you because I didn’t mean it.”
“Was that what it was?” Tony pretended to think it over. “Hm. Fine. That might’ve been excusable.” A little grin came to his lips. Okay, even if Rhodey was just trying to cheer him up with the Steve liking him thing, he had a point.
Tony’s anger dropped off so quickly that he wasn’t sure how to feel for a second. And whenever that happened, he blurted out the first thing that came to mind: “No.”
The air was sucked right out of his throat. The words on the page in front of him went out of focus as Steve tried to process what he’d just been told. Peter didn’t want to live with him this summer. Steve had planned to take him to D.C. for a week to hang out with SHIELD scientists, so he could get a look into the field beyond Oscorp. He’d been trying so hard lately to rebuild what he’d once had with Peter as a child, but it seemed the older they got, the more Peter connected with Tony and disconnected with him.
Tony laughed, and the sound made Steve’s stomach twist. He hadn’t been trying to make a joke there. It was oddly fitting though—some kind of metaphor for what their relationship had become. If this could really be called any kind of relationship.
Peter loosed an arm and beckoned Tony over. “Dad, come on. Family hug. We’re doing it. Get over here.”
Peter sighed. “Really? Huh.” Peter worked his jaw for a moment before speaking again. “I love Steve, he’s my dad, but he’s so…I don’t know. He’s absorbed in this fictional world he’s built for himself, I think—Sorry, I know that sounds bad.”
“It doesn’t have to be.” Rhodey leaned forward in his seat, looking Tony over. “But if you wanna save it, you have to tell him. You can’t let him find out on his own.”
Tony licked his lips, looking down at the glass. He wasn’t supposed to taste tannins. The back of his throat wasn’t supposed to feel hot after drinking virgin wine.
Jackson was perfect, honestly. Steve could see it just as much as everyone else. Jackson never once allowed any awkwardness between himself and Tony’s ex husband. He had met Steve one-on-one on several occasions when Steve had been visiting in New York, just to discuss what Steve would be comfortable with. Never once had he crossed the line, nor had he even neared it.
Because he knew what this meant the moment he saw Steve jogging barefoot with no shirt. He knew what it meant to see his shoulders hunched and tense, and Steve’s hair untouched by a comb. And why he was jogging the track this late—why he was even awake at all.
He brought the razor back over his cheeks and jaw, carefully carving away the short beard that had grown there. He wanted to look the way Tony remembered him, the way he remembered himself back in that place.
Tony set down the stack of picture frames, but he flipped them. Steve caught sight of one; a younger, pudgier Peter with a gummy smile, clasping a baby toy.
He’d had to mail those presents to MIT and Peter had only sent a “thanks for the presents, Pops!” text a week later.
It was hard to take the advice of Bucky Barnes for something so serious, but he did know Steve better than anyone. If he said that the way to fix this was not contacting Steve, then Tony had to listen. For once, he just had to listen.
The weight in his chest churned, almost making him nauseous. Steve closed his eyes, trying to make the quiet and calm work in some way. Maybe this would be the time he cracked that parasite behind his sternum and alleviated just a fraction of the pressure.
“You’re talking again,” Natasha said. “In Starkese that’s pretty much a miracle. Tony can really hold a grudge, and if he’s even talking to you after what happened? Pretty amazing.”
Tony’s throat was too tight to speak for a moment. The elevator dinged. “Where are you, Steve? We need to talk. Fly in and we’ll talk. There’s a lot we should catch up on.”
Then they went to the firing range and tested themselves until they had completed a short, mid, and long-range test with at least 95% accuracy. Steve’s shooting had always been decent, but now he rivaled Bucky in every shooting skill except sniping—where Bucky would always reign king.
He was about to lose everything. His entire life was about to walk out on him, hating him and cursing every memory they had ever shared. Loss shredded into his heart, cutting him down without hesitancy or celebration.
“Why not, Steve?” Bucky gave a shrug of his shoulders. “Give Sam and me your invitation and you and Blaine go back home. Don’t go torture yourself there. Not for Peter. “
“Crying isn’t going to make me change my mind!” Peter called bitterly behind him, but his voice cracked.
Tony had fought so hard to take himself out of the military world, but somewhere in the last twenty years, that had changed. The money was just too good.
Steve didn’t even make it to the ocean before Bucky stepped out of nowhere and grabbed him, Blaine hot on his heels. He tried to fight them, but Bucky and Blaine knew every move he had in his arsenal. He threw out his elbows and screamed for them to let go, but they dragged him away from the frothing, hissing waves he had so desperately wanted to dive into. Not to kill himself, just to see if he could swim all the way across the Aegean in one night. Just to do anything but think about how much he had destroyed the people he loved the most.
Tony hadn’t even called to make an excuse about why the ‘Rogers’ was missing from Peter’s last name. Steve was pretty sure it had been legally changed.
Steve looked over to see Tony surrounded by hologram monitors, fingers flying over a hologram keyboard as he spun out lines and lines of code. He looked to be in a focused calm, a look Steve knew well from his own Tony.
When the doors opened to the penthouse, Steve had his hands clenched to fists in his pockets. Tony had redecorated months ago, but it was it was always a shock to see different furniture, rigs, and paintings on the walls. It was a clear message that he was gone from Tony’s life, and any shred of familiarity he may have found here was wiped clean. Even the kitchen appliances were new, and the granite countertops replaced.
Steve blinked when there were suddenly fingers combing through his hair. It wasn’t Peter, though. Steve lifted his head to see Tony looking at him, a warm smile on his face. He scratched lightly at the nape of Steve’s neck.
His movements were flawlessly smooth, having practiced the same techniques over and over again with Blaine in the sparring ring. Adrenaline flooded through his bloodstream as he wrenched the man’s head around and rammed a knee into his spine. The man clamored for his weapon but Steve slammed him face-first into the wall and delivered a punch to the base of his neck.
“I was wondering where you went,” Jackson said with a laugh, crossing the yard to grab his coffee. He didn’t even glance at Steve like any other reasonable boyfriend would do if their boyfriend’s ex husband just emerged from a sports car with tears in his eyes.
Bucky shoved his hands in his pockets, taking a breath. “To him, it’s pressure. And when you put pressure on Steve, it generally doesn’t work out in your favor. Not in his personal life, anyway. He doesn’t do well with timelines.”
He readied his rifle, checking the wind another time, calculating the distance and making the adjustments to his scope. His heartbeat became louder and his finger slipped close to the trigger.
Vision followed her gaze to the window, watching the grass sway in the nighttime breeze with perfect clarity. Sometimes it was difficult for him to remember the difference between night and day.
Utensils clicked against fine china and Steve’s neck prickled with unease, glancing up each time someone’s fork scraped ceramic, every time anyone reached under the table to grab the napkin in their lap.
Rhodey’s place was immaculate and boring. For a guy that made so much money, Tony had to wonder where all of it went. His crappy oak dining table certainly wasn’t worth anything, the car in his garage was a Porsche Boxster GTS, about the girliest convertible he could have possibly picked for himself. And it wasn’t even an American car. Downright insulting to the land of the free.
The rain pelted the side of their shelter, a tiny chorus of what sounded like gunfire against the metal of the ship’s wing.
Steve grit his teeth, too overstimulated, but there was a heat behind it now, and he started thickening up in Tony’s hand after just a few moments.
“Your window is closing up, right here, right now. Once I marry Jackson, if you say you want me back, I’m—I’m gonna turn you away. I will. Because it’s not fair that he loves me so much and I’m stuck on you.”
When Steve reached the end of the corridor, sliding doors opened with a small hiss. He peeked into the room, but it looked the same as he remembered. A few potted plants, some priceless artwork on the walls (all post-modern, not really Steve’s favorite), and cool lights washing the room in a pleasant blueish hue.
“Stop that,” Tony snapped. Jackson cocked a brow. “Stop acting like you don’t belong here. Your Peter’s father, you’re going to his wedding. You can give him the ring yourself.”
He had about a thousand questions, but he still wasn’t certain that this was real. He hadn’t seen anyone he recognized, and nothing was making sense. But the last time he’d had a panic attack, it had ended in a debilitating overload of history lessons, isolation, and forced attendance at a boxing gym.
“First he just leavess for the summer, then he leaves forever. He always liked you best. He always did. You were special. You’re his father and I’m the genetic—“ Steve’s windpipe crushed with a sob. “I wanted him to be like me so I could feel like I mattered. That’s all I wanted,” he croaked. “That’s all I wanted. It’s all I ever wanted.”
He’d first served them to a drunk, a man nothing like the one he’d fallen in love with. Tony didn’t go a day without being angry, without hurling insults or screams. There had been countless promises of getting sober, all of them dashed in less than a week.
Steve hit the floor with a thud that knocked the air from his lungs. When he sucked down a breath, the floor had a faint odor of vomit that made his stomach churn.
“Then call it! And when you call him, maybe you should tell him you’re getting married. Jesus, Peter! I know you haven’t called him yet.”
Tony looked out the window again then glanced at his watch. Technically he was supposed to be meeting with some editor about one of his charity functions that Pepper had set up, but like hell was he going to break up this impromptu lunch date.
was fed up with Cap’s antics, and there are even conspiracy theories that Iron Man found out Steve was
Tony frowned, then after a moment just rolled his eyes. “You’re allowed to touch me. Hell, I’ll even allow cuddling.”
The tide swelled in the night, and clouds moved in. No lightning yet, but Steve could taste rain in the wind, and the air seemed to tense. A storm was on the way, which meant they would need to find cover in the wreckage. Tony was almost awake, his eyelids fluttering in an attempt to keep conscious.
Steve brushed some grass clippings from his pants before standing and looking out into the sea of yellow grasses. To the west was a thin treeline with thick brush, and to the northeast were thickets and a few pockets of pine. The rest was prairie grass and wild wheat varieties, smattered with the occasional thornbush.
“Is this some kind of joke? Where’s Tony?” Steve didn’t know why his body wasn’t reacting the way he was telling it to. This guy was clearly an imposter, and something seriously fucked-up was going on, but he felt locked in a haze. Shock, probably. He couldn’t muster anger or fear, just frustration.
The ceremony wasn’t longwinded. Tony knew everyone was here to party, and it wasn’t like this was his first wedding anyway.
Well. Steve sat back in his seat, arms folded in a subconscious way to protect himself from such a callout.
“It wasn’t just today, Steve,” Tony said quietly. “Right now is just the right opportunity to step in and help. Let me do that. Just let me do one thing for you, Steve. One thing.”
They headed for the compound, searching for an entryway that wouldn’t trip an alarm. It would be impossible to tell which doors were safe, but they had no other choice.
He remembered sitting in the dark with his little boy, practicing the speech he never actually gave.
He jerked slightly when Tony’s hand wrapped around his length and began to stroke him. Steve bit his lip, trying to regain clarity when his mind was quickly fogging with lust. Even though they’d just fucked last night—twice—and now once already this morning. And Tony had given him a blowjob in the shower, and a handjob from behind while he stood at the sink and tried to find a semblance of his morning routine. The serum was both a curse and a blessing in the bedroom. He could go all night (and had before), but it also meant any time Tony started touching him he couldn’t say no. Didn’t want to—and that was the worst part.
“You don’t have to,” Steve said, watching him carefully. “But if you want to, there’s plenty here. I was going to put what I don’t eat in some Tupperware and have leftovers later this week.”
Shafts of morning sunlight washed the room in a pleasant light and the sounds of songbirds drifted in from outside. The day had only just begun, and it looked like it was going to be a gorgeous day.
Meanwhile, Steve felt the puncture as two hundred dollars left his bank account to pay for the sculpture.
“Gonzalez,” Steve called as they exited the room and jogged down the hall to catch up with the rest of the team. “What do we have?”
The second dog tore into his leg, knocking him to the ground. Pain seared from both bites, especially when the first dog started to tug. Steve let out a scream without meaning to and punched the dog in the head, but it just clamped down tighter on his arm.
Silence hung in the air, something pressing and insistent—like he’d been asked a question. He blinked, eyes running over the room as he tried to pinpoint exactly what was causing the issue.
He wasn’t really that bad, was he? Steve couldn’t believe that both Tony and Peter felt he needed to see someone. He was so much better than where he’d been years ago, or so he’d believed. Evidently, Tony and Peter didn’t think so.
Helmets had gone from the glorified buckets of World War II to technologically advanced systems that projected images from inside the helmet that made it appear as though the wearer didn’t have anything on at all. Steve didn’t even know how it was possible, but he was wearing the same helmet, and could see everything in the OWL cabin as clear as day. Well, night.
After Blaine was through the fence, he held back the metal until Steve could slip through before closing the hole again, setting it so that only a trained eye would be able to tell that it had been breached.
“I don’t wanna fight with you anymore,” Steve whispered, leaning forward to press kisses to Tony’s forehead and alone his brow. “I love you so much, Tony.”
Tony was the same. Love had made him better and brighter, and that had stayed. Somehow, that had stayed. Steve couldn’t say the same for himself.
His therapist said he shouldn’t be proud of that, but he was. It made him feel strong that he had never bent to what everyone expected of him.
Tony squeezed Peter’s shoulders. “Alright, kiddo. Get down to the car. You have homework to finish.”
Steve reached between them to guide his cock to Tony’s entrance, watching the way Tony’s eyes lit up with pleasure when he found it. But Steve didn’t push in right away.
Ben nodded thoughtfully. “I guess I can see that being an issue.” He cocked his head with a little smirk. “Don’t judge me. I drown my salad in ranch.”
After Blaine was KIA, Steve had left the military world for a while. It hadn’t gone very well, and he had nearly killed Bucky several times while trying to figure out how to live again. Then he went back, deciding on contract work instead of enlistment. The military was happy to have his service, and since then he’d spent more than fifteen years fighting on and off for various armies and troops. Emory Bastinov had been his partner for three years, but he was so much younger than all of the other Special Forces men he had worked with.
Tony frowned. Yeah, he remembered that. Unfortunately. It was hard to recall why he had been so up in arms that time.
Steve flashed a weak smile. “I’ve got this, Buck. He wants coffee. I highly doubt anything is going to come up that’s going to ruin my progress in twenty minutes.”
He wouldn’t give up this life for anything. He had everything he had ever wanted. More than everything he had ever wanted. He had Tony and he had Peter, their son. They both loved him. Nothing would ever change that.
“I feel that too,” he replied. “But it is so much easier than before, and we have to remember that.”
marked his stitching coming undone and his entire being collapsing all at once right there in the foyer.
Something in his head told him to run as fast as he could and escape back to the underground barracks. His body sensed something that Steve’s brain couldn’t and he knew better than to wait around for the pieces to connect.
“Shut up,” Tony muttered, but his eyes were glued to the phone, set in a stare. He couldn’t tear his gaze away.
And really, if Steve was going to come back into their lives, he would’ve done it by now. It was one thing to take time, it was another to take months and miss vital parts of Morgan’s growth—especially if he planned on co-parenting as Tony’s husband someday.
Steve blinked, trying not to assume he was the reasoning behind that statement. It was all too easy to daydream about the things Tony said, forcing more meaning to them than they actually had.
He sighed. “It’s Tony.” He knew he shouldn’t talk about it anymore—he’d practically talked Iron Man’s ear off at this point, but he was always so attentive. Like he truly cared what was happening in a way even Sam and Bucky didn’t quite match. Bucky didn’t like Tony at all—hated him, actually. Would probably have killed him by now if Steve hadn’t married him.
“I don’t think I need to, but I can.” Steve smiled softly. He cocked nhis head just slightly. “She loves you. She’s a totally different kid than when she first walked into my class on my first day, and it’s all been because of you.”
Then Tony was sitting there, looking older and wiser, but still with the same warmth to his eyes and smirk on his lips.
“I figured,” Tony replied. “He’s not one for attack dogs.” He folded his arms. “I’m going to keep texting him.”
“Yeah, when you start thinking all gushy it makes me start thinking all gushy and that always makes me think about being in bed with you and snuggling up to you and—“
“Ever think maybe there’s a reason for that?” Rhodey returned. When Tony shot him daggers, he corrected himself. “You hid this from everyone until Steve left. Of course we support you, but hiding it from us kinda made it feel like this was one of those rush decisions you make.”
Steve grabbed the beer and took a swallow, grimacing as the taste of hops mixed with the rather unpleasant remnants of his breakfast.
Cueball came in over the comm. “Two enemy vehicles heading for the compound. Hurry up in there, boys.”
Despite just leaving church, Steve was awfully tempted to stand up and cuss Tony out. “Right. Because that has nothing to do with the way you’re treating me right now.”
Steve ducked past the small crowd lingering in the church lobby, and headed back toward his apartment. No one called after him.
Nikolai rested his muzzle comfortably on Steve’s shoulder as he just breathed slow. A coastal breeze caressed them, blowing away the sticky heat for a moment, allowing Steve to feel less like he was suffocating.
If Blaine hadn’t injected him he probably would have killed her just to feel like he was doing good.
Blaine snorted. “And let them know where we’re staying? Let anyone else who might be watching know where we’re staying?”
He tapped his glasses as he strode to the door, and quickly scrolled through the preset commands to summon his car. The valets had stopped trying to get him to let them have a go at it.
At least the ceiling was the same as the one in the lab he knew. Steve hadn’t spent too long in the lab at the compound, but he’d slept there a few nights while Tony worked, soothed by the quiet noises of clicking tools.
Steve blinked, tentatively assuming that this was some inside joke from before he’d joined the unit. Blaine had never mentioned having a wife, though it wouldn’t surprise him if he did.
There was a video of an aircraft carrier cutting through the sea, surrounded by smaller ships in a way that gave Steve a few too many memories of D-Day footage.
The team snickered and glances flicked between the snarling dog and the dead man beneath its scrambling paws.
Drinking coffee left him with a film on his teeth and tongue that he could tell made his breath smell horrendous. Even eating a protein bar tasted like smelling peanut butter while eating chalk.
Steve smiled down at Morgan, but it faded when he met eyes with him again. “Um. I started teaching here a few months ago. Needed something to pass the time between missions.”
Tony didn’t leave a message, of course, but he had stood there in his bedroom for a very long time contemplating throwing up.  It hadn’t even sounded like Steve. It sounded like someone had woken up a college student at 4AM during finals week and demanded they make a voicemail message.
Steve didn’t know why he even entertained that daydream when he’d told himself over and over that he would never—not ever—get back together with Tony. Tony still hated Bucky, even if he was civil around him in front of others. Steve would not have a boyfriend who hated his best friend—Bucky was vulnerable enough as it was.
“Jesus, Bucky,” Steve groaned. “Just forget it, okay? I’m done talking about it. I’m going to the wedding an then ‘m going home.”
Bucky shook his head before patting the couch for Steve to sit. Steve did so, flicking on the TV and spooning up some broth.
By the time Steve had finished his salad, he was nearly giddy. Ben liked him, he could see it. The place was crowded, but there were still a few open tables that Ben could have squeezed into. Any number of chairs full of any number of people, yet Ben chose him. He was nice, charming, and funny as hell. And he liked art. Genuine in a way Tony wasn’t.
But he did remember the tourists, the way they nudged him back and forth as he stared up at the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, dwarfed and awed by the magnificent work of art from centuries ago, still there in all of its glory. Restored, of course. Every crackling piece of fresco replaced and repainted when time took her tithes.
It made Tony’s heart ache with joy, an intense relief flooding over him. Maybe he’d actually been a good father after all. At least for this one tiny thing.
They entered the mess hall, full of soldiers chowing down on the base-grown, genetically engineered superfoods that kept them all in prime condition. Military dining had come a long way from MREs and cans of SPAM.
Steve landed on his feet this time, just beside a moving car. He hopped out of the way as the driver honked at him, then took off at a full sprint toward the tower. His phone buzzed relentlessly in his backpack, but Steve kept running, doing his best not to knock anyone over as he flew down the street.
Their window faced East, so sunrise would probably wake them before their alarms did, as there were no blinds, just sheer curtains that did little to shield them from prying eyes—If there hadn’t been so many ferns doing that for them.
“Like I said, I don’t want you out of my life,” Tony said. ”You’re still my best friend, I just don’t—“
He ducked into the doorway, hiding the penthouse from view just in case Tony came running out. But there was only silence, then the sound of the doors closing and the jerk of the elevator as he descended to the spacious garage.
Steve couldn’t deny that. He could feel the steady stream of blood leaking from his foot. The smallest wounds always seemed to produce the most blood. He sighed. “Yeah. I should fix that, huh.”
Steve sighed, and he swore the color was raining from his room. All of the warm oranges of the sunset seemed suddenly muted and worn.
“We’re going to collect all of your blood, and replace it with blood from my Steve,” Tony explained quietly. “You’re going to feel strange, because I’ve altered it. You’ll feel awake, but you won’t be able to see anything for awhile. And when you can, you won’t be here.”
He glanced at his phone to see that Tony wanted to meet in an hour. There had been a lot of times over the past year that Steve had ached for something like a lunch with Tony. Sometimes to scream at him, other times to apologize, and yes, sometimes to get back what they had lost.
Tony was busy sifting through the day’s headlines on his Starkpad when he heard Clint call out to him. He paused, lifting his brows but not turning his eyes from the screen. What the hell was Bruce doing getting a story about a socioeconomics summit without telling him? He could have gone, brought Steve along for their first trip together.
“колыбельная,” he murmured. “That’s her name.” Engraved there with a knife when he had been promised that this was his weapon. The only item he had been able to own beyond a few knives.
Tony still didn’t understand how he could love his little girl so much and his own father couldn’t even come to his science fair in seventh grade.
A crack of thunder sent the battered ship trembling, and Steve flinched at the noise. He wanted to be home. He didn’t want to be here anymore. All of this needed to be digested on his own.
“I asked if you wanted a hug,” Tony said, and Steve was pretty sure the other man was blushing, but he didn’t dare look.
She squealed with joy, smacking her hands on her tray and flinging noodles and sauce everywhere as she did so.
“I would not injure myself because I felt sad!” Steve burst out. “The fence needed fixing and I fucking fixed it! At least, I was trying to before I fell off the goddamn thing. I am
“It’s just dangerous, that’s all,” Clint said. “And I didn’t want you throwing me out for offering it to him without at least telling you. Y’know, with the whole getting shot thing last month.”
A little smirk came to Tony’s lips. “Right. Well, that’s not exactly what you said when you were drunk off your ass last night.”
Tony blinked, then followed Steve’s finger. He relaxed slightly. “Oh, that? Nothing. Just…that’s Mr. Snail.”
Tony gave a shrug, and Steve felt his eyes start to burn when he saw wetness in Tony’s. “As good as I can be, yeah,” Tony whispered. “I’ll make it. You’re the one who gets to start all over.”
One of the sailors said that the boat had strayed off course a few feet because the wind was so bad. The Germans had been preparing for this invasion for a while. They had the whole place rigged up with mines. Steve had seen the rough sketches that their intel had given them, but none of these men had that authority. Even the Major, whose face was now freckled with blood, probably had no idea what ominous devices lurked all around them beneath the waves.
Tony nodded, but his eyes were vacant. He was actually getting a kid. He wasn’t so sure he was ready anymore. Juggling Steve the past few months had been difficult enough, but a kid?
A pathetic chuckle left his lips as he lifted his hands that were shaking so hard it looked like he was trying out a dance move.
Something hit his reactor and Tony could hear the crackle of an electric current as his armor started falling away.
“C’mon, Steve,” Tony said with a shake of his head. “You left. You didn’t reach out. I gave you time, but I didn’t plan on it being this much time. You never said anything to me—what was I supposed to think?”
Steve suppressed the thought that Tony was holding off in hopes that they could spend more time together. Thoughts like that were poison.
Children began to swarm Thor again, and he showed off little electric currents between his fingers and told stories about creatures that might not even exist. Even Morgan eventually joined his little posse as Tony looked over Morgan’s other drawings. Steve explained the different class units, and how Morgan had taken charge of each of her projects. All the while, Steve held his hand, and every so often pecked his lips in the middle of conversation just to be cute. If Morgan noticed, she didn’t say anything, and she didn’t look the least bit uncomfortable either.
“Oh good, shower sex,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes, scooting from bed himself.  “I’ll take a coffee for the road.”
Immediately, Steve launched into action beside his friend, his protective instinct kicking into overdrive.
“Maybe this is bad advice, but you’re allowed to grieve forever if you want,” Steve continued. “Hell, I still grieve for Bucky and he’s sitting right next to me. But don’t let it ruin the rest of your life, even if you think you deserve it.”
It certainly hadn’t been his plan to spend the evening sitting at Steve’s dining table talking, but that was how things ended up. It was getting easier and easier for him to soften up around Steve, and there were only a few times that his quips were less than friendly. Otherwise they just talked, though Tony made sure to steer them away from anything too meaningful. Steve never pressed.
Morgan let out a little whine, and he gently shushed her, smoothing her hair and pressing a few more kisses to her head.
Sensationalized media had made it look like Steve was an absent, uncaring, hobo father that didn’t want to speak to them. Not that Peter had helped the situation with his stupid comments.
Steve glanced up at it and then looked back at his cards. He had one three. Pearson had a ton of cards so he probably had one or two threes, and Blaine would be the guy to take the risk and put down two bullshit cards.
Thor laughed, deep and rolling. “Of course, Stark.” He lifted his hand, and while Tony expected some kind of electrical current, a fine gold dust shimmered from Thor’s palm, landing in a film over the surface of the wine.
His chest twisted up and started to wring his tear ducts, but he refused to cry in front of Peter. So he swallowed hard, putting his hands beneath the table to keep Peter from noticing how hard they were shaking.
Tony was a great kisser, and even better in bed. Steve didn’t deserve the punishment of not sleeping with him one last time.
Steve turned his head, nose brushing Tony’s hair before he settled his lips to the crown of Tony’s head. He would miss this. When everything inevitably ended, he hoped that this time he could properly remember this moment and not lose the lines to feathery sketches once more.
“I’m—Congratu—Bye, guys.” He turned and strode off as fast as he thought would be acceptable. It wasn’t fast enough though, and he cursed himself for not bringing sunglasses as his vision blurred with tears.
Then they were spit back into a world where they were supposed to be civilized, clean, and respectable. Abandon the routine, the order, the safety of regiments, rifles, and the raucous cries of slaughtered enemies.
Bucky’s metal arm whipped toward him, and Tony’s arms shot up to defend himself from what could very well have been a lethal blow.
Steve glanced behind them once and then took a chair, wincing slightly at the grating noise of metal against wood.
His blood tingled so pleasantly. Steve tipped his head back and closed his eyes, taking time just to breathe.
Oh god. Steve probably grimaced at least a little bit, and his cheeks went red. He really liked his Tony, he did. But marriage? A family? He could never imagine the two of them having those kinds of conversations. Dating was difficult enough, and Steve didn’t really think his feelings could be described as being in love. Sure, he loved Tony, but he didn’t know for sure if he was
He might as well have smacked him across the face. Tony’s ears even rang, the hurt was so sharp and sudden.
Of course, Steve dodged it and it splatted against the vinyl of the seat. Steve Rogers had just shot a spitball at him. What a fucking world.
“You’re welcome to sleep on the floor, if you’ll be more comfortable there,” Tony muttered, shifting his position.
He was going to do something stupid before Steve left again, he knew that much. He just hoped it happened before Stark decided to make a move, or things could get really ugly.
“Oh.” Tony flipped it around to reveal a picture of him—of Tony’s Steve—beaming from where he sat on a large rock in the middle of a creek. He looked…younger. His eyes were bright, his cheeks flushed, and he seemed relaxed in a way Steve couldn’t place. There was something familiar about the way the other Steve’s pants were rolled up above his ankles, the way his sleeves rolled up past his elbows as he held a smooth rock in his hands.
No kissing. No lovers’ whispering or joking or cute teasing or neck kisses or swaying in each other’s arms. No ‘I love you’s or nose rubs or nuzzles or slow dancing with no music. No calling Peter ‘son’ or giving him special gifts on his birthday or Christmas. No talking about sex or rehashing dates or visits to Italy or talking about previous lovey dovey things.
Waking up at the dining room table with his face smushed against an open book, a warm blanket around his shoulders and a hot coffee waiting for him, with the background noise of Tony playing cars in the living room with Peter.
“Remember those poison dart monster things?” Iron man asked. “Well, I think those were babies, and momma’s here to exact revenge.”
Steve took a step closer to the man where he stood against a wooden support beam. The room wasn’t finished. Leave it to Tony to only finish the part of the room people saw when they got out of the elevator.
Clint looked confused for a moment, then shook his head. “No, not here to talk about that, but it is about a mission.”
Then again, maybe not. Bucky would be most at risk, and no one in their right mind—especially a Russian—would ever go after him.
“No, really. Tell me. What’s up with that?” Tony cocked his head, those expressive brown eyes just begging for an answer.
A spasm rippled through Steve’s features for a moment, as though he might laugh. “ ‘Course not. Is your dad on his way?”
One of the soldiers, the furthest one, was smoking a cigarette. He had an ugly scar on his right brow, with an ugly smile to match it. The other soldier holding the dog was significantly younger than the first, with blond hair peeking from beneath his hat.
Mrs. Freeman presented a drawing that Tony instantly recognized. He had a few black and white photos of angry waves in the living room, and Morgan had clearly based her drawings off of them. Once again it was mostly just swooping lines, but black paint had been sloshed across it. He wasn’t sure if Morgan had meant for the dumped paint to give it even more of a stormy wave feel, but it did.
It was all for nothing, though. Steve had no plans with Tony, and whatever he’d been talking about with fake dating had obviously been some kind of joke. It occurred to him to text Tony to clarify, but he didn’t want to give the impression that he was looking to see him again, or even
The light in Bucky’s house went off and a wet nose pressed into his palm. Nikolai nudged insistently at his thigh until Steve scratched him between the ears.
Tony blinked, mouth falling slightly open before he quickly recomposed. “Right, well. It’s about the whole…waking up in your bed thing.”
He found Tony in a corner booth, tucked up against the wall. He was scrolling through his phone, but Steve didn’t buy the relaxed act. For one, Tony’s tie was still snug at his throat, and he was still wearing a watch on his wrist. That meant he hadn’t relaxed at all, which was unusual for midday. Especially when he was dressed up.
Tony nuzzled against him, his arc reactor glowing between them as a constant reminder that they both weren’t completely human.
Steve tried to smile, but he wasn’t sure if it worked. “I know. But y’were right. I forgot. Mission first.”
But now he sat at his desk and stared at a packet listing out a division of assets, reason for divorce, the names TONY STARK and STEVE ROGERS staring back at him in print. He’d looked through the entire thing about six times over the past few months, and it was a year ago that he’d even mustered the nerve to request them.
Steve jumped, quickly returning the helmet to where he’d found it and covering it with clothes. He grabbed Tony’s red silk robe and returned to the bedroom, trying his best to push the little note out of his mind.
Steve didn’t want to put Peter down in his crib again, but he knew that was the best choice. The storm was going to end soon and if he hoped to be at all productive tomorrow, he needed at least four hours of rest.
It didn’t take long to get Peter down. He woke up for a few moments to scowl, but one lullaby had him conked out in no time. Steve had JARVIS black out the windows and he turned on Peter’s heartbeat bear, though the bear was attached to the crib, not in it (Steve was terrified of increasing any sort of risk for SIDS). With a final kiss, Steve clicked the crib gate back into place and stepped out of the nursery where Tony was waiting for him.
“Would too. We used to do shit like that all the time. How many baseball games did we go to? I don’t even like baseball, but whenever you wanted to go, all the sudden I was the world’s biggest fan.”
“I know,” Jackson said quietly. “But I honestly didn’t think he would come. And he’s here to support us. That’s not bad, babe, it’s not bad.”
Rumors were running around about how Emory had been genetically modified. Bred for war. Like some kind of dog.
An hour later, Steve was sitting with his bottom lip between his teeth, staring out his window from where he sat on the edge of his bed.
“You won,” Steve croaked, a sob escaping his lips. “Now get out of my fucking apartment and get back to your fucking penthouse and raise him!”
The pineapple juice sloshed in Rhodey’s glass as he shrugged. “I do missions every so often, but most of my travel is for training work. I just always bring the suit in case something happens.”
“Just getting my morning run in,” Steve replied with a grin that sent the majority of the population swooning with all of its charm and handsomeness.
“That’s what I—wait, you’re agreeing with him?” Natasha’s eyes widened. It wasn’t often that Steve heard Natasha surprised, but he was glad to hear it now.
Steve slowed, to a walk, chest rising and falling like he’d been sprinting a marathon. But marathon sprinting was on Saturdays, only in daylight and through Central Park.
Rhodey licked his lips uncomfortably, and picked his way around the desks and equipment to sit in the seat Tony had just vacated.
Fighting for God and country was out the window. They fought because it helped them feel alive and breathing and good. They fought for praise from fellow soldiers and the glory of enemy lives in their hands.
“It’s okay,” Steve said in a voice that gave Tony chills. He genuinely sounded as though it really was okay. Nobody would be okay with that.  “I just wanted to know if it was true.”
He would always love Peter. That was an unchangeable fact.  But he couldn’t allow Peter to hurt him anymore.
Peter waited another moment then dropped his hand with a chuckle. “I always forget how well trained you sons of bitches are. America’s attack dogs—you won’t even trust the hand that feeds you unless it’s pinned with the right brass.”
Steve fought at his restraints, teeth gritted tight. He could have been home. The very thought enraged him and made him feel helpless at the same time. There was nothing he could do—sure, he could fight his way out, only to live in a world that wasn’t his own. The only way back was through Tony.
Rhodey let out a snort. “That’s it? Hell, I coulda told you that years ago. I knew that MIT education was just a joke. I knew it all along.”
Steve woke to the sound of his coffeemaker’s automatic startup. He didn’t really need coffee, of course, but it was much more pleasant to wake up to the smell of a warm brew than it was to the screeching phone alarms he used to set. His tiny apartment barely had room for such a luxurious machine, but he’d really taken a liking to the minimalist lifestyle since coming back to the States.
“Four tangos at the gate, patrol moving around the perimeter on the northeast side,” Cueball said over radio. “Looks like it could get hot fast—we don’t have any intel on how many are inside the compound, over.”
He had tried to start a new life for himself while just tasting the delicacies of the fight. Sleeping in beds far too soft with a man who had spoken sickly sweet words in his ears while falling out of love with him.
Blaine immediately turned, heading for a collection of scraggily, leafless bushes nearby. It wasn’t great cover, but it was all they had. Steve followed, his silenced sniper rifle in hand.
It hadn’t been long before women—and men, after awhile—started coming out on their roof to join them. Bucky and Blaine mostly ignored them, talking to each other about sniping and discussing war politics. They were fast friends, just as Steve had known they would be.
He looked up at him, past those impossibly long lashes and into those familiar blues. It was hard not to admire the perfection in human form that was Steve Rogers. The way his jaw set, the subtle curves of his cheekbones. The little tiny dent in his nose from a fight Tony never wanted to hear about. This was indeed his Steve. But this was a Steve who had accepted defeat and come back to him willingly.
“I know you did,” Tony soothed, gently rubbing his arm. “But I couldn’t…things changed and I still don’t know why. But when I knew I wasn’t in love with you anymore I couldn’t let you—“
Their drinks were presented at the bar, and Tony snatched them both up before heading to a table. One of the smaller tables that restaurants seemed to design to purposefully aid two people in getting comfortable sharing one space. Not that Steve would need any aid there.
There wasn’t any youth left in Peter Stark. His whole body looked sapped of it, evidence of a life lived in pure stress.
Tony ordered his drink (one for Jackson too), and tipped the barista a twenty. She hurried off to get his drinks with a smile.
So many people asked him if he loved Bucky Barnes. So many times, Steve wished he did. He wished he could fall in love with the man who had been through hell and back for him, with him, and through everything else along the way. He wished he could look in Bucky’s steel blue eyes, hardened from war and murder and torture, and love him.
“Mm. Sleeping bag,” Tony muttered, moving over to his discarded backpack to drop the tablet inside. “Don’t wanna roll around in the sheets?”
“Steve?” Bucky’s voice was sharper now.  “Stevie, you talk to me. Talk. What’s goin’ on? You in trouble?”
But instead, he dropped down in the boat, noting how small it was.Fifty men couldn’t fit in this boat.  It was hard to stand with the waves rocking it so fiercely. There were smooth steel walls on all the sides, and a platform for the sailors to navigate them in.  The boat was square too, not designed for travelling choppy seas.
Not-Tony frowned. He looked away for a moment, and brought a hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. The way Tony always did when he was trying to remain calm but was immensely stressed. Or frustrated, as Steve was betting in this case.
“When have I ever made a—” Tony shut his mouth, turning his gaze back to his drink. Shirley Temple. A favorite of someone not currently in the country. “It wasn’t a rush decision.”
Steve stayed in his seat, not wanting to look like he didn’t want Ben to leave. “Of course. Hey, how about I give you my number? I’ll text you the name of the painting class place.” He smiled, smirking a little. “No pressure to go, if you don’t want to.”
“I don’t know,” he finally answered, looking down at his hands. “We’ve been dating a few months and it seems like it’s in a tailspin. We fight all the time when we’re together.”
Steve smiled, wishing more than ever that he could rush down there and embrace him. He had tears in his eyes too. “Okay, Pete.”
Tony stopped typing and pushed back his chair. The screens all fell away, except one that was still running through lines and lines of code.
Happy stood at the end of the aisle red-faced and sweaty, suffocating in his tux. His hair was dyed now—it didn’t have quite the same color anymore. Happy was getting older, jowlier, aged. No longer a bodyguard, that was for sure, though he still worked for the security team at Stark Industries. At least, last time Steve had heard.
Their foreheads bumped together, but Steve barely registered it. Even after twelve years, this motion was familiar to him, his mind was just skating along a familiar track.
“Just talked to the brass,” Boone said. “They said you’ve gotten like eight phone calls these past two weeks.”
He was very handsome, with a square jaw, dark hair, and just the right amount of stubble. His eyes were hazel, a green and gold mix. He smelled like expensive cologne, and the suit he was wearing was definitely tailored.
Peter charged in, giving Steve a shove. “Shut up and get out of here, so help me God,” he snarled, his voice dropping to a whisper. “Don’t ruin this for Dad. Don’t you fucking dare ruin this for Dad.”
“Fair enough. But you don’t get to insult me. This is automatically part of my personal life. I’m going to lie to all of my friends and family for a year, for you. So you’d better respect that, even if you don’t respect me. “
Their relationship was a lot of this now. Steve never asked him hard questions—the ones the therapists asked. Steve just asked how he was feeling, if he needed anything, if he wanted to go anywhere. Kind of like Bucky was sick. In a way, he was, he supposed.
Then they were both serious again and advancing toward the fence line. The two men at the gate didn’t appear to be looking in their direction, but Steve didn’t want to take the chance, so they moved slowly, far back in the shadows of the pines.
“Morgan,” Tony croaked from where he stood. She didn’t turn—she probably couldn’t hear him. Or maybe he hadn’t actually spoken at all. Morgan was talking with his ex-boyfriend, saying something while looking at the floor, grinding an invisible hole in the ground with her shiny black shoes. Steve adjusted her hat, but Tony saw the moment when it registered that if Morgan was here, her father must be too.
“Don’t even fucking try it with the guilt tripping, you pretentious ass,” Peter snapped after him, following him, haunting him as he threw open the door and—
Blaine looked up at him and gave a little frown. “You know something bad’s going to happen tomorrow,” he warned.
A mortar shell burst in the water nearby, showering them with saltwater. The silence began to fall away, as though they were approaching a large crowd in a theatre. Each second made the sounds louder and the sense that they were missing something grew stronger and stronger.
He pulled off his goggles and set his work station back into some semblance of order before leaving it to the bots as he headed to the elevator.
“You’re allowed to say no,” Tony said defensively. “You know—” He cut himself off. “I don’t want you to say yes if you think I’m manipulating you. I’ve given you what I can, you can decide if you want to try this or not. You’re allowed to walk out whenever you want.”
Steve gripped tightly to the white stucco underneath his palms, breathing hard as he fought another wave. He could feel eyes on him. He could feel the prickle of crosshairs on his back, his head, his chest. All around him people were talking, filling the night air with so much fucking noise that he couldn’t think.
Blaine’s shoulder slammed into his lower abdomen, throwing his center of gravity completely off and causing him to literally land flat on his face on the mat. Blood rushed to his nose and Steve cursed as he felt warmth flood from it.
Tony didn’t text back, so Steve continued shaving, drawing the razor over his cheeks and jaw in practiced lines. He had always admired the men he’d seen in his youth, shaving with little bits of cream, looking at their reflections through puddles or windows. And during the war, through all of the carnage and bloodshed, men still made a habit of shaving. Without mirrors, they often just ended up helping each other out. Steve could still remember the time he’d nicked Bucky’s jaw, how red the blood has been.
When Steve returned home, he took the sculpture out of its safety wrapping and placed it on his dining table to look at it for a little while.  It wasn’t the best sculpture he had ever seen, but it was a modern-rustic type of thing. Unique. It would be a great gift, along with his charity donation.
That something that felt as though it was literally tugging his heart tight against his ribs, trying to squeeze it out between the spaces designed to protect it. Or maybe to hold it back during just this sensation.
“Duh. He invited her!” Peter laughed.  “Come on, Pops. She practically lives in my apartment anyway. It’s not like we haven’t had sex.” A pause. “Pops?” Another pause. “I’ll text you or something tomorrow, but I don’t think I can do lunch.”
On his desk was a digital photo frame that scrolled through about a dozen pictures of his friends. Him and Bucky in the forties. Him and Bucky a month ago in London, laughing, happy. Natasha with her most recent class of ballerinas, a genuine smile on her face. She looked so strange with wrinkles--somehow Steve had just thought maybe she would never age at all.
“Plenty of rest in your lifetime, I know,” Not-Tony finished with a sigh. “But look. It’ll be a lot easier on you if you just sleep first. There’s a lot your body is adjusting to that you aren’t even aware of.”
Candice was an artist that specialized in jewelry making and pottery. That was one of the main reasons they had decided on her. Steve had wanted their child’s mother to have close interests to his own. He remembered meeting a much younger Candice and her bright smile as she welcomed them into her Manhattan studio.
Steve’s personality flared back to life. “You’re sixteen. You have the rest of your life to be somebody. Tony agreed with me to keep you in school with kids your age—it wasn’t just my decision.”
“Something tells me that’s the idea,” Tony snapped. “You’re lucky Bucky knows where you are or I’d be heading a manhunt for you right about now.”
They peeled out of the garage and headed out, and though Tony saw the back end of the cab in front of him, he wasn’t paying attention as they crawled along the street. He really didn’t like being grouped in as a single parent, but that was what he was. He preferred the all-or-nothing approach (though only because that was all he knew). Even his distant father had still been there, lingering on the sidelines of his childhood until he’d been killed. Tony liked to think that maybe one day they would have fixed things, but instead he’d never gotten the chance. Some days he was thankful for that, other days it made him angry.
“You’re my new fake boyfriend, not my future husband,” Tony said nonchalantly as he shrugged back into his shirt. “Don’t get any ideas.”
“Send my invitation to Bucky.” Steve said, as though they weren’t talking about their son. Their Petey. “I still have my mom’s old ring—If Peter wants it for something, he can have it. If not, I’ll donate it to the museum or something.”
It was far too late to even try to reach for them. Much like an animal stopped struggling once the mouth of a predator closed around its neck, none of the targets even had the time or the thought to reach for their weapons before Steve and his team were firing.
He yawned as he clicked the phone to lock, and ran a hand through his hair to see if it was greasy. It wasn’t. It never was. Even so, Steve made sure to keep a strict routine. Every morning he showered, shaved, and dressed nicely when he wasn’t going in to do Avengers work. His outfits had gradually adapted with the times, but he always felt more comfortable in a button down or oversized t-shirt than the sweaters and fitted clothing he seemed to receive in abundance every Christmas. He did like sweatpants, though. Those could stay.
Who was the reason Tony hadn’t been there to pick him up? Why hadn’t Tony at least given him the decency of a ride home?
Tony stood there, hopping on one leg as he hurriedly tried to pull on a pair of sweats, His t-shirt was wrinkled, his hair unkempt, and his face had creases in it from where he must have slept on wrinkled sheets. .
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony replied, waving him off. Rhodey clapped him on the shoulder once more before picking up a jog toward the main doors.
“I don’t think so,” Steve added after a long moment. “But I don’t know how we’re supposed to do this.”
“I wanted to meet Morgan on my terms. And I wanted her to meet me without you there. I didn’t want to put pressure on her or make it seem like I was pushing into her life.”
“I care about you,” Tony said quietly. “I might not be in love with you anymore, but I still care, Steve. You’re still the one who’s most important to me.”
Peter gave him a shy smile that said he definitely hadn’t, so Steve brought him back to the table where his cereal bowl sat half full. He sat Peter in his chair, moving around him to finish washing dishes.
Nikolai, Steve’s German Shepherd, sniffed the falcon and looked at him, wagging his tail. Charlie, one of his retrievers, cocked his head, watching the falcon as though it might come to life.
Steve watched the black thread pull through his flesh and smiled. He looked like Frankenstein, both arms were a lattice of black stitching over pale skin.
Steve nodded with a smile. “Sure do. I turned the back porch into a studio over the winter. It’s been working out great.”
A half hour later and they were headed down to the lab, Morgan perched on his hip as he carefully navigated the stairs, a small drone hovering nearby just in case something unexpected happened and he ended up flinging his brand new daughter down a flight of stairs. Couldn’t be too careful.
Tony’s eyes narrowed, indicating he knew exactly what he’d done. “I’ll be different when we’re in front of people.”
“You…” Tony thought a moment. “If you meet someone else, we’ll dissolve it. But I need six months. You can tell whoever you meet that you have a contractual obligation. Avengers PR or something.”
Tony nodded. “Yeah, I thought you might say that. And I can’t tell you what the reason is. But it’s personal to me, and it won’t harm anyone. In fact, it’s going to only be good for people.”
“And...and Daddy’s gonna take you away from me, Petey. I don’t know if you’ll understand this, but I’m not really your Papa. You’re not really mine, Pete.”
“It’s me,” the man said earnestly. But this man had blue eyes, darker hair—yet his voice was Tony’s exactly. Not a single syllable or tone was off.
“So,” Steve said after glancing over the menu. No prices. That was never good. “Why did you ask me to lunch? We haven’t had lunch in a few years.”
Steve watched as Emory’s mind went to work, calculating the consequences this might bring about. Steve had never met someone more mentally skilled than Tony until he and Emory had been placed together.
Steve adjusted his collar for the millionth time before staring down at his plate. He was never sure how to eat at fancy parties. He had never learned what fork went where, what spoon was for soup and which one was for sauces (was it even for sauces?). But everyone else at the table was eating happily, making pleased noises at the taste of the tender lamb meat.  Steve wasn’t sure if he was supposed to hold the rib in his fingers and bite off the meat, or to cut it with his fork.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yeah, back when you had a real apartment and a Nespresso.” He looked at his watch. “Gotta run anyway. Things to do.”
There was a line to get into the wedding venue. Steve stood there with a goofy smile, clutching tight to his falcon sculpture. It was meticulously wrapped, complete with a bow and an attached letter of encouragement, as well as his receipt from his donation to Wounded Warriors.  His suit fit perfectly, just like it had when they attended that celebrity wedding that Tony dragged him to twenty years ago “because it would be fun.”
Steve tried to fit his own timeline over Tony’s, eyes distant as he saw his closeness with Peter taking hits while Tony’s strengthened. Peter had wanted that time in the lab, not time in his “sad little apartment.”
Now, no one looked him in the eye for more than a few heartbeats. No one sat next to him in the mess hall and asked him about the war. Even Emory kept his mouth shut about Steve’s past.
Steve looked over at Bucky’s side to see Sam, eyes wide and smile glowing. It had been over five years since they had seen each other and Sam was definitely older, but he still had his goofy grin and charismatic swagger to his step.
They all started running and shoving, a stampede of men and guns. Steve cut out first, and leapt into the water. He expected to hit sand, but his boots went straight down, water swallowing him up to his waist. Too early. They had opened the door too early.
“We’ve only done this four times,” he added after a moment of thought. “First few times we had to figure out why things weren’t working. By the time we discovered the genetic match requirement, we only had enough blood for two more tries.” As if that would somehow make him feel better.
“I want to go sleep, Buck,” Steve snapped, heading over to his bed and flopping down. “It’s late and we have to wake up early.” They didn’t, but he didn’t care.
“And I’ll be back on Saturday,” Peter said with a smile. “But maybe we could have dinner sometime this week too?”
Steve put on a cracked smile that he knew Peter couldn’t even see. “Like I’d ever hang up on my little Petey.”
His shoulders pinched and he vomited without really noticing. Then he was sucking down gulps of salty air that clawed down the back of his throat all the way into his lungs. His hands shook uncontrollably and his heart rate was higher than it had been in years—even faster than the wild beat pulsing from the nightclub just a few buildings over.
Tony’s lips parted, coaxing Steve to taste him. He readily complied, slipping his tongue past Tony’s lips. His fingers bunched into Tony’s shirt, but he didn’t dare tug. He didn’t want to devolve into sex. Not when Tony clearly just wanted to distract him.
Steve’s heart didn’t press hard against his ribs, his breathing didn’t thin with affection, his eyes didn’t even move to take in more. He just loved Tony. He loved the man he’d married and the man who’d divorced him. He loved the person he was and who he had been.
And yet he walked over, fingers tangling in damp hair as Tony’s mouth wrapped around his cock. Steve braced himself on the shower door with one hand as Tony sailed past foreplay and swallowed his length, head bobbing in perfect rhythm as Steve started rolling his hips. His drug had always been Tony Stark, but as his head tilted back and he felt Tony’s throat vibrate around him with a hum, he wondered at what point he’d crossed into becoming the person who spent the whole day fucking his drugged up husband after finding out he was with another man. When he had become the man who wasn’t even upset by it right now because he was getting his dick sucked.
This was Jackson’s fault, as much as Steve knew his therapist would disagree. Jackson was making him feel like he was alone because Tony wasn’t alone.
Ben was standing on the opposite side of the street, hailing a cab with one hand and holding his phone with the other.
“Can’t,” Peter said tartly, using the same voice he had when he was thirteen and didn’t want to go to the dentist. “We’re going to dinner and then having family movie night at the house.”
Steve cleared his throat, putting on a raspy voice and closing his eyes halfway. “Fuck, Stevie, stop wakin’ me up so early, I can barely get four hours a night goddammit.”
“This is Overwatch, we’ve got a silent alarm triggered in the compound,” Cueball said. “Twenty plus tangos headed in, over.”
He let his arms fall away, though he did linger slightly. If Steve noticed, he didn’t say anything. He never said anything.
Steve put up a hand, a bit of a blunt action. “Jackson, please. We both know the mix-up was on my end for coming.
“Yeah,” Steve said, sniffling a little to make sure his nose wasn’t going to bleed anymore. “Peter.”
Steve blinked in surprise, but decided not to press. He supposed it didn’t matter anyway. It wasn’t his life, and this wasn’t his Tony.
He saw a hand, small and round. Delicate skin blistering and burning away like thin paper, turning black and stiff.
“I’ll get it ready,” Steve murmured, setting his empty meal container in their waste bag. Tony was typing furiously on his hologram keyboard, skimming through the intel they’d recovered on mission.
As excitement and goodwill started to buzz in the room, Steve pretended not to feel the crosshairs sliding up back and the shadows turning into armed men. His heartbeat thrummed in his chest and the anxiety started to replace his gentle thoughts of sunny beaches and sand between his toes, but he would make it.
The new year was rung in with the ticking of his bedside clock in the darkness as he had stared into the gloom knowing full well that this year would be the worst he had ever been through.
Something that might have been a chuckle escaped Steve’s lips. “Don’t worry, I don’t think you’re a hipster.”
He had to make a choice. Just like he had twenty years ago, pacing around their enormous master bathroom, terrified Tony would be listening to his call as he explained to a lawyer that he needed out of his marriage. Back then he his greatest fear had been losing his son.
“What’d I tell you about running in the kitchen?” Tony mock-scolded, doing a little spin. “It’s dangerous, you know.”
“Steve, it’s okay,” Not-Tony said, putting his hands out as if to steady him. But Not-Tony didn’t touch. “There’s a lot I need to explain. I get that. But first I need you to get something to eat, something to drink, and rest a little. You’re going to get really tired in about an hour, and probably throw up a few times. You’ve never been good at holding anything down when you’re disoriented.”
Steve shut the door and brought a hand to his mouth to try to stifle his sobbing. He was a man. He was a grown man. He wasn’t supposed to cry. He ought to turn right around and discipline Peter for acting out so harshly and being so insulting. But Steve always had a weakness for his son, and he knew Peter’s words had to be true. How long all of that had been boiling, he had no idea.
“I have a new project coming up,” Tony began.  “A new…chapter of sorts. Totally new territory for me.”
Steve thought maybe Sam would try to push things further, but instead he just shrugged. “Ah. Well, I was in the Air Force way back when. Might’a seen me on TV before—I’m the guy with the wings.”
There was the sound of dishes clinking in the sink as Jackson washed them (he had insisted despite Steve’s pleas that he would do it himself), and the soft sound of snoring from the couch where Harry had drifted off to sleep, exhausted from all of the excitement. Peter looked like he was going to conk out any minute.
Fatherhood had already started beating out his time in the lab. Steve smiled. That tiredness was unbelievably endearing.
“I get that,” Steve said carefully. “But how is sleeping next to me going to change that? I’m not him, Tony. I’m not.”
Steve had never been a person who was troubled with addiction. Most things in his life had been so fleeting or scarce that there hadn’t been any time to find something to cling to. Not even people. Everything was stuck in a rapid pace he could never slow down, and even when the world stopped, it was only for a moment. Not even long enough for him to catch his breath. People, feelings, places—all of it was barely breathed in before it was exhaled again, and Steve was left grasping at a ghost. Two weeks became five seconds, five years became a few hours. Addiction never had time to set in—or so Steve had always believed.
As Clint headed off, Tony wracked his brain at what he could possibly be missing. Clearly there was something, or Clint wouldn’t be looking at him like that, talking to him like he was out of the loop.
“Remember, quick and quiet,” Blaine said over the comm. “Mute charges on every door. Treat anyone inside as hostile. Boone, you’re on dog watch. Intel says there’s six dogs on the property. Four guarding the grounds, two inside. Even if we kill six, I don’t want any surprises.”
“He won’t ask,” Tony assured him. Yes, he was comforting the man who had murdered his parents in cold blood.
A grin came to Tony’s face, albeit a little melancholy. Peter was older than he had been when he had first been given a special, but that just meant Peter had grown up the right way.
And still Steve said nothing. He just straightened his shoulders and followed to begin washing his hair. They were just going through the motions, careening down the same tracks they’d built and used again and again over the years.
Steve took a deep breath. The chatter trickled to nothing. They lurched right and left, up and down, waves slapping the sides as their boat broke off from the battleship to begin filing into a lane  of their own.
“I know.” Tony abandoned rubbing his arms and brought his hands to cup Steve’s face instead, thumbing at his cheekbones. “I’m sorry. I’m here now.”
Tony didn’t know why it looked so rushed. He knew Steve. He also knew Steve’s lack of a social life. A physically painful lack of a social life that made anyone within a fifty-mile radius want to steer clear.
Steve didn’t know how he was supposed to look it up without knowing the name, but Ben was a smart guy. “Here, let me just write down my number. Just in case you can’t find the place.”
Steve stood up and turned toward where Tony, Jackson, and Pepper were standing. Tony was dressed in a sharp tux with a red tie, and matching red sunglasses. Jackson had a similar getup, but in light blue.
He had slowed Tony down. He had taken him completely off the tracks because Tony had needed him to. Peter didn’t know that Tony would have literally worked himself to death if his values hadn’t been shifted and set straight. Peter had no idea how many nights Steve had spent awake, just making sure Tony stayed in bed and didn’t sneak down to the lab to finish whatever it was he was working on. Because he loved Tony too much to watch him waste away.
Before, he had been an American icon, a trophy to be tarnished in the press with every mistake. To these men he was some sort of monster. He was the thing they heard whispers about in the ranks, the man who never aged and never hurt.
“Yes, lawyer,” Winona said, offering a plastic smile. “But I was due back at my office twenty minutes ago. I’m afraid I’ve taken up too much of your time again, Tony. I’ll be seeing you soon—now, if you’ll excuse me.”
A dimension away, Tony adjusted parts on a new McLaren in his garage, only occasionally glancing at the hologram feed from his nanobots. He paused for a moment when Tony and Steve exited the car, his chest pulling painfully at the sight of Steve so excited, so happy. He glanced at his watch, swearing under his breath.
It was a choppy speech for a choppy relationship. Steve had only been close to Peter for half of his life. His Papa. Now he was the man who lived in a fictional world in his sad little house in Maine. Or so Peter and Tony thought. The reality was far worse: he was killing and fighting and going to sleep with a taste of lead in his mouth that he couldn’t get rid of.
As soon as Steve disappeared from the doorway, Tony turned off the car and his face turned serious. Something was very, very wrong here—he could smell it. The texts Peter had sent him did not match up with what he’d just witnessed.
“Sorry, boy,” Kissum said, ruffling the dog’s ears. “There’s plenty of kozels where these two came from. Next time, buddy.”
As Tony entered the hallway restroom, Francine opened a panel in the wall, producing workout clothes. Meanwhile, Tony raised the volume on his feed.
Steve knew he was making the right choice. Ending this marriage before Peter had to experience the noises of a parent entering the house becoming the meat of his nightmares. The sounds of his father stirring terror within him the way that it had for Steve. And for Tony.
He knew that voice. He knew exactly who it belonged to, so intimately that he didn’t have to second guess, even though there was no way the owner of that voice should be there.
“He’s just getting cuter,” Steve agreed. He gently knocked Tony with his hip. “Get everything done?”
Tony’s eyes closed, and Steve felt the weight  slowly growing on his stomach as Tony began to drop off right then and there.
Steve turned his head, gazing over at him. He couldn’t help but feel that Tony was awfully focused on work when his boyfriend was lying in bed next to him for the first time in years and leaving soon. But this was also new, and even Steve felt raw if he thought about it too much. Tony had carved something out of his heart he wasn’t sure he would ever get back, even if Tony did return to his life like he wanted. And he did want that now. He wanted this.
Even as he spoke, he knew he would regret this in an hour or a day or in a decade. Talking feelings with Tony since the divorce had only ever left him shaken. Rattled to the core, the ghost of what his life could have been passing through him with the unparalleled chill of any paranormal encounter.
Receiving the news a month late was no surprise either. Snail mail was the only way to contact him now, aside from the military. Jackson probably could have gotten word to him through the comm somehow, but Steve doubted he was all that invested in Steve knowing.
“Another lap then,” Tony decided, tugging Steve along. “Just to get all the jitters out. You can tell me about all of the other shit I put you through.”
Steve didn’t have to think hard for that one. “When the fighting’s over, we find each other like we always did. Ask each other if we’re okay, big hug. Maybe kiss your head or something.”
Well, Tony didn’t know for sure if Bucky was okay with it, as he’d been too chicken to actually call the guy. But something was up, and he didn’t know what. Tony didn’t like not knowing things. It was largely inconvenient and very, very annoying to be out of the loop. Especially when it concerned Steve, who Tony still felt an absurd amount of protective instinct over.
He smoothed back Morgan’s damp hair and forced himself to take one step back. Nothing he could do now. He had to step back. He had to.
“I knew this was a bad idea,” Bucky muttered as they started up the stairs to Steve and Blaine’s apartment.
Instead he reached out, gently pressing a palm to Steve’s cheek. “Let’s go. All I have to do is change—don’t need to look so flashy for a date with my guy.”
“That’s for scaring me,” Tony breathed when he pulled away.  He adjusted his collar and cleared his throat. “We’ll talk. I’ll send you some numbers tomorrow.”
Steve knew better than to try to explain to people his reasoning, so he just didn’t really talk to anyone anymore. His day consisted of training and eating. Every minute outside of that was spent waiting for when he could sleep. Except when Peter came over, of course. But Peter still wasn’t used to the apartment yet.
He had survived countless operations far more risky. He had a vibranium shield on his back that could deflect bullets and a body that could recover as much as it needed to, so long as a mortar shell didn’t blow him completely apart.
Tony closed his eyes. “Steve…We tried to call you. I told them not air it. I’m going to sue them—I signed paperwork that said they wouldn’t reveal that unless we had confirmation that you knew.”
Yet the more he thought about it, the more he couldn’t remember. His mind just kept skipping to waking up in Steve’s bed with less clothing than he’d started the night with.
“I didn’t know about it until a few years ago,” Tony said out of the corner of his mouth as he smiled at Peter. “And it wasn’t exactly something I wanted to bring up during the rehearsal.”
When Winona entered, she was dressed in pale blue. Her pumps clicked as she walked, and Tony noticed the way she picked her steps carefully. She must have been a model. Or maybe she still was. A little short for runway, but Tony was more than proof that height stopped no man. Or woman.
Peter swallowed and gave a little shrug. “I don’t know. People see him as this great figure of American history—and he’s still that to me, don’t get me wrong—but I think he’s just different now.”
Jackson had been called to an emergency meeting and was flying in that night to make the ceremony in the morning.
“Of course I did,” Tony growled. “It was 101 last I checked about thirty seconds ago.” He had Friday monitoring all vitals.
With that moment over, Tony sighed. “We’ll have to be real about it in the moment, though.  But the pose is good. Maybe accentuate the height difference a little, bend in a little more—that’ll make front page.”
The waves hissed in the distance, and the rain continued to pound against the metal keeping them dry.
A chorus of barking began at the side of the house and Steve laughed as three Golden Retrievers and a German Shepherd raced from the side yard, all of them sopping wet.
Wanda set her glass of wine aside, lost in thought. “It wouldn’t be so bad if it didn’t cause Steve so much pain.”
Bucky was okay with all of this, which was the weird part. Even if he wasn’t okay, he still didn’t seem worried.
Steve wanted so badly to be happy for Tony, but he couldn’t. He knew it wasn’t fair, because Tony wasn’t his and had every right to be happy however he wanted to be.
After a moment, Rhodey leaned back in his chair, shaking his head. “Look, I say just see what happens with Steve. Let it flow, you know? Like, I was just at an embassy dinner in Finland of all places a few months ago. Just got finished dealing with some black market radar scrambler operation in Cairo and, well, I guess they wanted War Machine to make an impression. They do that sometimes, mostly for the foreign guys…”
Morgan raced off even as Tony reached out to stop her. Steve had her under his spell too, it seemed. His own daughter, whom he had tried so hard to protect from people who would abandon her the way Steve had abandoned him.
Steve gave Emory’s shoulder a pat and stood up before rushing over to where Maria sat with the bag still on her head, next to a soldier blowing a bubblegum bubble.
Steve only let go to pull out his keys, unlocking a door to one of the art classrooms and holding it for him to go inside.
Winona collected her purse and left without a word, not even glancing at Tony as she did so. Somehow that made him feel even worse.
The low purr of his McLaren P1 greeted him as he stepped onto the side street next to the restaurant, and the butterfly doors rose to meet him.
“That’s right,” Blaine said in a voice that might have been an attempt to soothe him. “And you did it. Mission accomplished. Now we go home.”
Gravel took a nasty bite of his cheek as he slammed into the ground and rolled, skinning his arms, hands and chest. Not anything that wouldn’t heal in an hour, but painful nonetheless.
“I don’t really know. I guess we both realized we weren’t meant to do the life thing without each other.” Tony paused for a moment before letting out a little snort. “Or I guess he wasn’t supposed to do the life thing without me.”
Harry laughed and Steve noticed just how…adult they looked. Harry’s sharp jaw echoed his father’s, and there was stubble shadowing his cheeks. Harry reminded him of Bucky, and evidently had the same appeal to women.
God, people were already starting to treat him like he was fragile. Bucky of all people should have known better.
Steve stepped toward it, trying to recall where exactly he’d seen them. It had to be during the war—he couldn’t imagine any place having any ugly lamps like that now.
“You know he didn’t mean that,” Tony said, dropping to his knees in front of him. “You know he didn’t—“
Tony never asked why Steve wasn’t at the wedding. He never asked why Steve had not spoken to Peter since that day. Even though they were grandparents now. Even though Steve had not met his grandchildren and one of them was already out of college.
He plopped her back down and she was off again, dashing around the living room at full speed, lunchbox swinging in her hand. Part of him worried that she’d fall and hurt herself, but he’d been slowly learning to take at least a smidge of a step back on the helicopter parent thing. It helped that he’d been consumed in a new bio-engineering project recently that involved trying to 3D print organs.
When they rounded the first corner on the way to the training room, Blaine came face-to-face with a pair of enemies.
He couldn’t get over this guy’s face. He looked almost exactly like Tony, but with these jarring blue eyes that made Steve long for the real Tony. And he’d never realized how much he loved Tony’s crow’s feet and his smile lines until he was staring at a doppelganger who didn’t have any.
Bucky appeared above him, his brows pinned and his chest heaving. He reached down with his metal hand.
Pancake breakfasts and art. The two things Peter had screamed at him for. Art being the one that Peter had claimed was forced upon him, stuffed down his throat.
Excitement was actually coursing through Steve’s veins as he tossed his luggage onto his hotel bed and took in the seaside view out his window. It was late, but the ocean was still glittering in the moonlight beyond, greeting him.
Boone shook his head. “Four days ago—that’s what I saw on the records anyway. Oh, and Blaine, your wife called.”
Humiliation began curling beneath his skin, white hot and burning. It left a bad taste in his mouth and something in his nose that gave the same sensation as smelling burning rubber.
His fingers twitched as the door open, wanting a rifle in his hands in case something had gone wrong outside. Blaine and Sam stepped in unharmed.
Bucky seemed to solidify from the shadows, removing the mask from his face. Tony had read in a file somewhere that the limited oxygen helped him stay focused. Or some shit like that.
Tony stared at him for a fraction of a second too long, then turned his attention back to his juice.
He cocked his head to peer down the sight of his rifle as a woman came into view, her sandals slapping against the stone walkway beneath her feet.
Steve shot, but the dog tackled him, sinking its teeth into the already-tender flesh of Steve’s arm. He let out a grunt of surprise and then a second dog hit.
The only reason he knew Steve was even still alive was from the Christmas card he’d sent last year. No notes, just a glittery, Jesus-y card with “Have a Merry Christmas” typed on the inside and a rushed signature.
“Of course someone likes you. He’s coming to my New Years party. And I think he’s hot, so you don’t have to worry about him not being attractive,” Tony said, smiling around the rim of his coffee mug.
“And if we do this,” Tony hissed low. “You’re staying someplace with three digits in the square footage.”
Steve was a good sport. Tony didn’t think he’d ever seen him be so compliant about anything before, even when they had actually been together. He always had a smile, always had something good to say. When photographers bombarded him during his pre-dawn run, all of the photographs showed Steve all sheepish and grinning. Even declining to comment made him front page news with that goddamn perfect facial structure.
“When we’re found guilty, we want grace,” the pastor continued. “We need it. Sometimes we beg for it. But when we find others guilty, it’s exactly what we don’t give.”
“Nah, you’ll be good for the twelve,” Blaine said, slipping his hand away. “Like I said, it’s not addictive. The idea is that you don’t feel it working.”
Peter was happy without him. Peter had grown up smart and nice and happy with his father, and he and Peter still got to see each other sometimes.
Tony shrugged. “A few days. I can come up with something flashy but not too dangerous. That way you won’t lose your head—figuratively or literally.”
“Whatever it is, we’ll face it together. Just like always,” Steve soothed, but his face had gone cold. “You and me.”
Steve. Steve was how. Steve was the reason for most of the good decisions he’d made in this chapter of life.
Steve cleared his throat. “See, um. Tony and I don’t sleep in the same bed. I live in Brooklyn, he lives at the tower. I mean we have, before—but nothing like that. Just. Just sleeping.”
Steve actively refused to accept it. He would tell himself he had made the right decision until his brain blew apart or until Bucky finally did him the favor of slitting his throat in his sleep. He would continue living in his fictional world until someone slammed the book shut and burned the pages.
He had learned in all this time that he didn’t need Tony in his life to find happiness. Peter was Steve’s world, but he no longer depended on his son to bring the joy into his life. He had toiled for three years in therapy, moved to a new state, taken in a therapy dog, adopted three others, and made a new life for himself. Now he was happy because he made himself that way. He made his own experiences and found himself in them.
Blaine laughed. “Things were easier in your war.  You always knew you were actually fighting the bad guys. Out here, we kill who they tell us to kill. And according to a lot of people out there, we’re the real enemy.” He stood up and dropped his needle onto the small table by Steve’s shoulder. “You can’t look at it like we’re doing good here, and that’s supposed to wash out what’s happening back home.  We’re killing people just because some politician says they’re supposed to be dead. Some men can’t take that, but those men aren’t here.”
Steve rubbed his face and grabbed a washcloth to wipe off the residual moisture. He tossed it onto the counter and crossed his arms. “I didn’t know, Peter.”
The first exhibit showed off their first project: the forest. Crude drawings of trees, deer, and other forest animals were all framed on the walls. The frames were made up of branches, some with overhanging leaves to give guests a canopy for viewing.
Steve focused on worrying Tony’s neck as he prepped himself, then fucked into his hand when Tony started to lube him up too. As with everything in his life, Tony was efficient and quick, leaving more time for the main event.
Steve hadn’t prepared a single thing.  It hadn’t even occurred to him that he was going to anything but be a decoration.
Beyond the sailor, other landers had already started moving out from their ships, dotting the ocean in perfect lanes, white V’s following each one.
He took a breath, even and slow, watching as Tony smiled at him, still holding his heart in his hands. “Good morning,” Tony murmured, his voice soft and sleepy. “You want some hot chocolate?”
“Yes, I remember,” Steve said curtly. “Now, are you going to have something to drink, old man, or are you going to keep bringing up a marriage that’s been over for fifteen years?”
Steve smiled and set the soup bowl on his lap. He turned his head and Bucky found himself without breath, because fuck were his eyes big and blue. “I’m just really happy I’ll have my friends around for the next few months.” He licked his lips and let out a chuckle. “Happy to have them around and not have a mission, I mean. I think it’ll be great.”
“Nope. Not true at all. This is why I’m not leaving you alone. You’ll have yourself convinced you don’t mean anything to either of us by the time Peter comes back next week.” Tony sighed. “Steve, you’re being fucking ridiculous right now. Peter needs you. If he’d only had me, he’d be in rehab by now. Quit acting like you’ve never done anything good for him.”
His other worry had been the media circus, but thankfully news of Morgan’s adoption had hit right when some politician landed in hot water with uncovered HYDRA ties. The tabloids swarmed them whenever they left the house, but it hadn’t been nearly as tough as anticipated. The world was already forgetting about Tony Stark’s new little family.
The elevator doors closed, and Steve looped  an arm around Tony’s waist, tugging him close until they were hip to hip. Tony settled into the hold, letting out a contented sigh.
And now they would finally be seeing each other again. Not without sacrifice, but Steve had decided months ago that if signing the Accords meant his family got to be together again, it was worth it. Steve was one of the few holdouts anyway. Reuniting the remaining superheroes was the best way to end the fighting.
“You weren’t there,” Steve argued. “Not when I got divorced and not tonight. Peter hates me. More than you did.”
Steve fought to smile. He hadn’t seen Tony in so long. But there were holes in his lips, or maybe he no longer had lips.
“This may take awhile. I have enough blood for maybe two hours of work and I’ll find a way to fix whatever’s happening in there. You may have vivid dreams that are Steve’s memories, but It won’t be an experience your body is actually going through,” Tony explained as blood started filling the tubes on either arm. “Just relax. I promise I’ll take care of you.”
Peter nodded once to himself, as though he found a new sense of courage. “And we don’t do anything anyway. He just…he hovers. It’s constant. He won’t leave me alone. If it were up to him, we’d sit around and paint all day.”
“Get changed and I’ll meet you on the track in five,” Rhodey said, looking at his watch. “I’m gonna time you, so don’t be late.”
“I don’t…” Tony sighed again, but this time it sounded as if it had taken more out of him than just the air in his lungs. “I can’t think of a way to describe it. I don’t know what I was supposed to do. Did you want me to keep waking up next to you not feeling the same? I did that, for months. I thought it would just go away. Y’know, because people always say you don’t always love each other all the time after you get married. But it didn’t go away—but it never went sour either.”
Class 7 missions weren’t exactly uncommon. They were the highest classification for risk of death or injury, which usually meant they required only two to three people and had some kind of tactical challenge.
Steve pulled up his rifle and fired at one of the oncoming dogs. One flipped head over heels into the snow with a yelp.
“When was the last one?” Steve asked, trying to think what it could possibly be. Bucky knew to always leave a message, and he was the only one that had his “work” number. If he’d given it to anyone, it was probably Peter.
“Kids get fevers, Tony,” Bruce said, clearly exasperated. “You can’t prevent all of them, and sometimes they just have to run their course. If it gets worse, then you can take her to urgent care.”
“You’ve been trying to do everything yourself,” Peter said, sounding far too grown up to be a sixteen year-old. “Let us do something for you.”
He could feel that this was the makings of a bad idea, but Steve Rogers had never been good at avoiding those. He didn’t love Tony anymore, and he knew Tony didn’t love him.
Yet Tony had chosen this in order to keep Steve safe from himself at the inevitable end of Tony’s mortal life. Vision had agreed that was wise when Tony first asked him to take away what was most dear to him.
Of course, it was a pretty much completely open floor plan, so the living room wasn’t actually a separate room at all. Steve took a big breath, trying to keep it quiet just in case Friday was monitoring him for signs of weakness or something to bolster Tony’s ego.
His therapist said to take deep breaths when he started feeling empty. When his lungs rattled because of his sadness, not sickness.
Tony tucked his quivering lower lip between his teeth, watching Steve patiently, sadly, with tears still leaking fresh from those impossibly blue eyes. The eyes that were familiar and trustworthy yet so off, so unsettling.
“Peter, wait until dinner,” Steve scolded lightly as he found Peter shoveling down handfuls of potato chips.
Morgan pulled back, grabbing Steve’s glasses off the floor and offering them to him sheepishly. Steve smiled at her, saying something Tony couldn’t hear before he took the glasses and slipped them back on. He was wearing a navy sweater that made him look like the world’s hottest yacht club dad, but it was definitely Steve Rogers. He was way too beautiful not to be.
He backed away, his heart already aching in his chest. As much as he didn’t want to hear an explanation, he needed to know who had turned Tony from him.
He leaned over, pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead. His lips lingered there until Tony relaxed a bit more.
With a slight movement of his hand, the camera feed moved to his peripheral, but allowed him to keep an eye on things as he made his way up to where Rhodey was undoubtedly pacing.
“No.” Steve shook his head. “Nothing specific. They’re never that specific anymore. Can’t really even remember it.”
“Anything feel broken?” he asked, not bothering to save face. It wasn’t like Tony wanted to notice anyway.
“You can at least pretend I’m still your husband. I figured that earned some kind of respect from you,” Steve cut, but he wasn’t sure he kept the anger in it as long as he wanted to.
Steve had never done heroin before, but he imagined this was something like that. He felt the solution seep cold into his bloodstream, followed by a tingling sensation so fierce that the only word he could think to describe it was orgasmic.
“When we come back, and interview with Iron Man about his son’s achievements in global energy technologies,” a narrator said over a muted shot of Tony explaining something.
Blaine continued. “We all have shit to deal with. As long as something like this doesn’t happen again, you deal with it how you want. Just know that we’re at war here. You suck it up, no matter what.”
He briefly wondered if this was what it felt like at his wedding. They had gone a lot bigger, and rented out a luxurious ballroom in New York. Practically everyone they had ever met came to their wedding. Well, everyone they had met since Steve had thawed out.
“And after me and Daddy start really fighting, do you know what happens next?” His voice was quivering madly now, and hot tears rolled from his eyes, hot and scalding.  Oh, Peter. Not Peter.
Nobody knew how old Blaine really was. His hair was a soft reddish brown, but in the light it appeared blonde most of the time. Steve referred to it as a brassy color because that was about as close as he could get to naming it—and as an artist, he knew colors pretty damn well.
Peter extended a hand. His face was so old, with graying temples and hollow eyes. He aged just like Tony had.
“Uh, you definitely did. You gave me the silent treatment for two days before I went to South Africa.”
Steve smiled as he stood up from the bed and began to unpack. He really was happy—tomorrow would be a great time with his friends and with Peter. And seeing Tony wouldn’t be bad either. And Jackson.
Tony shrugged the blanket around his shoulders a little tighter and headed for the track. He didn’t really care if anyone saw him wandering around in a blanket at 4AM because if anyone had a problem with it he would happily kick them out and let them find a place to stay somewhere else in—
So Steve spent Christmas staring at a collection of wrapped presents under a tree that had bite marks on the trunk where Fluffernutter had decided to taste pine. Not even Bucky’s cinnamon and vodka-spiked eggnog had brought a smile to his face.
Tony loved him, and Steve loved Tony. That was the way it had been before, and that was the way it was now. It was a different love now, but it was still the same in foundation.
“I’ll haff it done by tonight, proffebly,” Tony said around a mouthful of fries, most of which were still sticking out from between his lips. They were too greasy, but that was what you got when you showed up at a cheap-ass diner joint in New Jersey.  He’d forgotten these places existed, just like he had forgotten what it felt like to accidently touch hardened gum on the bottom of his table. Some things were better left forgotten.
The exertion, the falling to the dirt because he physically could not stand, and then getting back up and finding the will to move on because his team needed him, his men needed him. Not because of Peter or Tony.
Light burst into the hallway and for a second there was the sound of an explosion, but then only the ringing in Steve’s ears that came with dead silence as they progressed forward into the room. His muscles moved purely out of habit, his eyes scanning for the right shapes and shadows of humans, weapons, dogs.
Steve supposed he did, though it made his chest tighten to acknowledge it, and he wasn’t sure that was a good thing right now. This was supposed to be a favor. His way to finally find some sort of redemption with Tony so that maybe they could be on good terms again. It wasn’t supposed to develop into something else, even if he wanted that.
It made sense, though. She was probably a hotshot lawyer Steve didn’t know about but should.  Divorcing her husband, keeping things out of the media until enough time had passed, and then got to be together with Tony.
“You’re being awfully quiet for a guy who wants this over with,” Tony murmured, prepping one of the IV needles.
He buried his nose into the pillow, smiling to himself. He knew this place, and he was so glad to be there.  All he was missing was—
“No, you need to know,” Rhodey said. “I’ve had a hard time living with this, and now it’s almost over. Tony kept experimenting without telling anyone. Tried every approach to get you—to get the Steves—to cooperate, made changes each time. The tech got better each time, the targeting system. I found out again, and just said fuck it. I convinced him not to fall into some batshit crazy fantasy of finding a copy of his Steve to keep like a pet. But we had to find a near-perfect genetic match for what we needed to do, which wasn’t easy. When we hit fifty, he said he’d given up, but he kept tweaking. When he pulled you…you’re the match.”
Steve glanced at the elevator door, checking to make sure it hadn’t moved. No one was coming. Tony had to know he was here by now, and yet hadn’t appeared. His mysterious lover hadn’t either. And whoever they were, Tony was keeping evidence locked up tight somewhere.
“Step in there and you’re home,” Tony said with a curt nod toward the platform. “You’ll be in Time Square.”
“You aren’t leaving yet,” Blaine replied, looking him dead in the eye. “Who did you call when you left?”
Tony paused. In his peripheral he saw Steve popping a bottle of champagne with Tony, each trading a foamy sip before holding it up to a cheering crowd of friends.
Steve sat up, instinctively turning himself just slightly to protect Tony if he needed to. He felt Tony shift in the sand beside him, moving up to his elbows. Steve knew he should have probably moved to get a weapon in case their guests weren’t friendly, but he couldn’t find the will.
“He cares,” Steve said almost bitterly. “It’s not his fault. He’s just…it’s addiction. And alcoholism. That’s what’s taking him away.”
A sealed envelope fell from the magazine, and Steve recognized Tony’s handwriting. Judging from how clean the lines were, it had been written years ago, when Tony’s hands didn’t quiver.
His nose filled with the smell of damp summer grass, his ears with chittering cicadas and the low groans of bullfrogs. His whole body was wet and hidden in the earth, spread and sinking into the mud. The mask was tight at his cheeks, but comforting as he rested his face against his weapon and peered down the sight.
Thor moved on to Rhodey, who had been smart enough to grab a Moscow mule earlier. He was satisfied with that, and poured a nearly-spilling glass of wine for Steve.
“Tony. Here.” Steve put on a smile as he crossed to them, aware that everyone was watching. “What’s going on?”
He took in a sharp breath and just like that, he realized he was addicted to this. To war. To killing people and spilling blood and completing the mission. The repetition of training and fighting and pushing himself past his physical limits until there was nothing left. Being stripped down to nothing and put back together scrap by scrap, raw and bleeding. The solace of routine, structure, and a healthy sense of worthlessness. Missions took priority. Over teammates, friends, and especially family.
Hurt lashed through Steve’s chest. “That’s not what I meant. I’m just trying to tell you how I feel so you’ll know.”
Rhodey lifted his hands in surrender. “I know—I’m sorry. We sent him back, convinced him he was dreaming. Tony fessed up to experimenting and I demanded he put a stop to it. It wasn’t…” He trailed off, wringing his hands in his lap. “I’ve never seen him so lost. We tried to get him into therapy, into counseling, but he was obsessed with this idea of finding Steve. And…I mean, I can’t explain the process or it doesn’t work. You can’t—Spoiling it affects the outcome, so to speak.”
“Right. Well.” There was something heavy in Steve’s voice that Tony had lost the ability to recognize.
Steve clenched his jaw. “Tony, I’ve been just fine for twelve years. I haven’t needed your help before ad I sure as hell don’t—“
Not-Tony shook his head yet again. “That’s one rule I can’t break,” he said. “You need a clear head to hear what I have to say. If you aren’t rested, it will probably end  badly for everyone involved.”
The hovercraft took off and Steve closed his eyes, drawing in a breath of chilling Russian air, his legs dangling over the city below. Emory plopped down beside him, cheeks full of what Steve assumed was a banana peanut butter sandwich. Emory kicked his feet like a little kid before offering him a bite.
While he was confident Morgan would be safe from whatever danger might come their way, he couldn’t be so sure about himself. He was getting older, and every battle took longer to recover from than the last.
God, he’s been a damn idiot. The sparkle in Tony’s eye had just been excitement to go on a mission, not to go
Steve still couldn’t get over the fact that Tony had so blatantly lied to him. He’d seen that map, those portals.
“Somebody get the hostage out of here,” Steve grumbled as he sifted through books for any traces of intel.
Suddenly Peter was right in his face and Steve had no choice but to look into his eyes. The eyes that he always saw on a chubby little boy that liked to chew on blocks and thought paint was something to splash people with. Now they were dark brown pits of loathing and utter hatred. The eyes Steve knew would never leave his mind as long as he lived.
A sentinel found him before he was able to make it to the tower, scanning him and demanding where he had been.
He realized with a sad thump in his heart that he no longer loved Tony Stark. He had not loved Tony Stark for years. A decade, maybe. Tony had been the name in his head when he thought about love, but that had been because he forced himself to spark the memories of what it had felt like to love, though they had all been old and worn.
The scarred man fell clutching his chest from Blaine’s bullet and Steve quickly aligned his next shot as the blond boy stared down at his severed leg. The boy’s mouth opened to scream, but only a garbled note escaped his lips before Steve pulled the trigger and punctured the boy’s chest.
“I know I don’t have the authority to speak for him, since things in your dimension are different,” Tony said softly. “But if he still chose you after all of that and you weren’t even together…he cares about you more than you know.”
When the couple split last year, hearts around the world were broken.  Sources claim that the Stark Industries chairman and
Steve grinned, turning away from the mirror to face his new fiancé. Tony did look awfully handsome in a dark sweater, and the slight v-neck cut made it less irritating for the sensitive tissue still healing on his chest. It would take a lot of time for the bone and tissue grafts to fully assimilate, but Tony was feeling better every day—or so he said.
“I think we should do the fake relationship thing,” Tony finally confessed. His cheeks flushed, visible even in the low light.
Steve eyes rolled in his skull as another flashback—if it could be called that—seared through his head. That tiny hand, the way Tony’s skin had started to blister and peel. They way his eyes…
He dimly wondered what this pastor would say about having a fake relationship, especially one with a man.  Except he sort of had an answer for the latter, because the same pastor had smiled and waved several times when he’d visited before. Had greeted him by name after service on occasion, and had never once thrown a disapproving look his way, even if he probably saw wrong in Steve’s choices.
“Was I controlling?” Tony asked suddenly, looking over at Steve. “Before, I mean. Was I controlling?”
Tony glanced down at his timepiece, impatience gnawing at his gut. Winona was already five minutes late, and he really didn’t have the stomach to be held up when bad news was coming his way. He also didn’t have a whole lot of time before Steve came sniffing around. He always showed up at lunch, both to polish off any leftovers and yeah, probably to see him. Tony pretended it was just about the free food and it made it easier on everyone.
A little while later, Steve was near the front and could hear Jackson greeting the guests. His voice carried more than Tony’s.
Tony laughed, but it was a bit pained.  “Aren’t I always? But no, not right now. I told you that last time.”
Well. Today was just full of surprises. Tony was fairly certain he’d lost all the color in his face, because Steve started to look horrified.
“He wants to be with you. And the kid,” Bucky said. “But it has to be his choice. When you invite him here, it becomes
“How was everything today?” Steve asked, tucking his head against Tony’s to kiss his cheek. “Everything good?”
Tony thumbed the band again, and nanoparticles shot from it, quickly closing the wound. Steve shivered at the cold of the millions of tiny particles working in his wound, but he’d been healed this way before. Though he had to say this dimensions version was much less painful.
Not-Tony seemed to take that as an answer in itself. “I’m not going to explain any specifics until you’ve rested and gotten something to eat. But you travelled a long way in a short time. Kind of like when you were in the ice, except nobody here is trying to tell you it’s still 1945.”
He secured Peter with one hand and lifted the other to thumb at his son’s chubby cheek, smiling fondly. Peter was turning into quite the chubmonster. He still had the gangly baby limbs, but his cheeks puffed and his belly was round and Steve knew that pretty soon he was going to have sausage link arms and legs.
Steve held his gaze. “If they’re manufacturing atomic bombs in there and it’s full of radiation, I’d say that pertains to the success of the mission.”
Both of them dropped low and pulled up their weapons. Two men stood alert at a gate, each with a dog.
A long breath passed through Peter’s nose. “I don’t…” He blinked, looking at Tony. “He just said ‘yeah.’ That was the last thing he said.”
“Oh, don’t sound so disappointed. Usually I wake up and you’ve already left hours ago to go on your morning marathon.”
After dabbing a napkin on his tongue to try to rid his mouth of the burn of stomach acid, Steve stood up straight again. He felt hollowed out, like a husk of a human being.
He heard the clink of a spoon against ceramic, and the pattering of little feet as Peter ran into the bathroom to join him. It wasn’t a room big enough for the two of them to fit easily, but Peter was small, and made himself at home sitting on top of the closed toilet seat behind Steve.
Morgan smacked her Iron Man figure into the carpet, murmuring under her breath as she dragged her father’s face through the fibers. Tony watched with a little smile—he always smiled when Morgan was around. Even when she was screaming her head off in the middle of a very important lab session, he never minded. He would never understand how his father could have ever been so furious with him as a child. He’d never screamed bloody murder around his father in the lab, and he still got the shit beat out of him more than once just for being there.
Hell, if he had known adopting a kid would be the thing to throw him out of the spotlight, Tony would have done it ages ago. Now he was just an old dad. Soon to be a washed up old dad when the public found out Steve Rogers dumped him for lying. It wouldn’t matter that Tony had already explained the lying part from the beginning, he knew. Steve wouldn’t be understanding of this, and Tony couldn’t blame him. All he could do now was his best.
He silently went about his morning routine: changing out of his sleeping sweats and into track pants. The kind Tony had always liked. Steve told himself he wore them because they were comfortable and light, openly turning a blind eye to the truth. Sometimes that was the best way to move on.
Tony brushed off his suit and turned to examine his car for dents. Fucking Bucky. “I’m not bothering him. I’m extending an invitation.”
“Uh, iced latte.” He used to be fancy with his drink orders, but with Tony there, he didn’t want to seem like he was trying for anything.  The smile still hadn’t left Steve’s face, and his heart still swelled with more and more affection in each passing moment.
Morgan did turn her head around, then grabbed a handful of leftover spaghetti noodles and chucked them right at his face. Pasta hit him on the nose, giving him a nice pasta sauce stripe across his face.
At 10:05, Steve told himself Tony was just running late. At 10:30, he no longer found a reason to be lifting weights.
Dessert was served not long after his and Tony’s speeches, and Steve trusted himself to be able to properly eat chocolate mousse cake without coming off as even more of a fool. Tony unsuccessfully tried to engage him in conversation, but Steve answered with as few words as possible. He wanted to go home. Not back to his apartment up the street that the US government had so kindly loaned them, but back to his pod and his men and his bare necessities.
Steve hoped that Jackson wasn’t upset by him being here. Jackson had sent him an invitation, but hadn’t anticipated him actually coming. He didn’t know if that was worse. It felt worse.
Steve gave Tony a little shove out the door and onto the porch, keeping his hands low enough that Peter wouldn’t really be able to see it.  “I’ll see you.”
Blaine grabbed a fried whatever and popped it in his mouth with a crunch. He was pretending to be nonchalant, but Steve saw the tension in his shoulders and the way his eyes slid over the surrounding buildings all over again. The way his fingers twitched, looking all too bare without his combat gloves.
“Wait,” Rhodey headed back to the table, taking the bottle with him. “Did you skip the UN meeting last week and go to that diner with Steve on a
Suddenly Steve was on him, his lips warm and safe and everything he hadn’t been for the past six months. Tony tasted sadness, bitter and awful and so sour it make the inside of his cheeks tingle. The lump that had formed in his throat sank into his chest cavity, a deep-seated grief that sucked life from him in a massive draw.
Tony didn’t walk him out, and Steve didn’t expect him to. He made his way past the unfamiliar kitchen, through the unfamiliar hall, and back to the unfamiliar entryway. He glanced back at the last second—
“So when I drop rthat low, it’s easy to get you off-balance,” Blaine continued with a hint of a smirk on his lips. “You’re stronger than me, and faster. I know that.” Blaine snorted. “Your cocky enemy might like to think otherwise, but because I know I can’t outfight you, I use your body to give you a disadvantage.” Blaine turned to him as the sliding doors opened to the grounds.
The intro music was played by a pianist sitting to the right of the crowd at a black grand piano that must have been brought in from someplace fancy. It was untouched by the fine beach sand, perched on a platform to keep it safe. Not that Tony would care if something happened to it. Paying for a piano would be nothing. Steve wouldn’t be surprised if Tony had bought the thing just for the ceremony.
But Tony knew. He knew Steve in balance. All of the goodness and light, but also the ocean of blood spilled, the laws skirted, the orders disobeyed by an Army Captain. Steve had killed a lot of people in violent ways.  That kind of thing stained even the cleanest hands.
Pseudo immortality had always been daunting, but this was so much worse. He was stuck alive to save what was left of his family from the hassle of organizing all of  his arrangements.  And Bucky would lose himself to grief and potentially go rogue or something equally as bad.
Mail call had been a godsend or a trip to Hell for many men. Letters from home inspired men to do better, comforted them in dark times, or cut them off at the knees. He’d seen men begin to openly sob as their sweethearts left them, wives told them of other men, and fiancé’s broke off engagements. Worse was when there was no letter at all, just a maddening mind game.
Long ago, it been Steve soothing Tony with almost the same words. But Tony had always been so much better at saving face.
No bruises had ever colored that peachy-pink skin. No nights had ever ended with Peter getting his stomach pumped at the hospital.
So here he was, fingering through the now-feathered pages of the divorce agreement drawn up by Tony’s lawyers that still hadn't been signed.  The only indication that Tony cared about him at all were the terms that he was going to get a million-dollar yearly salary on top of his consultant pay, and a monthly housing stipend. Of course, Steve didn’t need any of that money, but Tony’s lawyers had insisted it was part of the deal.
“You are absolutely right,” Tony said with a peck to Morgan’s forehead. He lowered her down and took her hand. He wasn’t even going to try to process what he’d just heard. Or anything about tonight, actually.
The words on the newsprint in front of him went out of focus as Steve tried to see what Tony was doing out of the corner of his eye. His heartbeat was already elevated and his fingers were tingling.
Steve cleared his throat again, looking around. “I got free tickets to the Air & Space exhibit. One of those kinda pop-up things?”
“M’kay.”  Tony continued his leisurely pace around the track. “And no, I wasn’t trying to sleep. I was trying to work, but just—y’know. Focus. Couldn’t keep my focus. Figured I’d come down here and—”
These moments were always almost too much for Steve. His chest got too tight, uncomfortably so, and he wasn’t sure anymore if it was from love he shouldn’t have or from deep pain. Nowadays both felt pretty much the same.
Steve could only imagine the kind of constant terror that would come with having to live with civilians for any length of time.
Sticks cracked beneath Steve’s feet as he tore through the woods, and branches snapped against his rips and shoulders. He was chasing something, or something was chasing him. When he ran, he let his mind go where it wanted, think what it wanted.
“’Course it’s okay,” Steve said, putting his arms around Bucky to save them the awkwardness of Bucky not knowing how hard to embrace him.
The revelation probably should have shocked him more, but everything was fitting into place—pieces of the puzzle finally finding their rightful spots. It made so much sense.
So he slunk back to his seat without another word and sat. Tony said something to Pepper that he couldn’t hear, and then people were taking their seats.
“Of your men, I heard,” Maria snapped. “I find it interesting though, that you aren’t military, yet you use Stark Industries tech and we’re currently in a U.S. military base. Are you sure you aren’t mistaken,
toward Tony—and even if he was, it would be an attempt to hate him. Instead, five hours near him and Steve was breaking down walls he had spent a year building up again.
What good would it do? What good would it do to talk to anyone? They couldn’t do anything. All it did was made other people upset. And it made him look weak and broken and so fucking selfish. He knew better. His mother raised him better. His father beat him better.
“I just stopped by to see what was for breakfast,” Bucky said, though it was clear he was lying. He was still wearing his running clothes.
He wondered if Pepper had ever felt this way about him and Tony being together. She was a professional woman and she had ended her relationship with Tony on good terms, but Steve always felt like she was hurt by them. Pepper went out with a few guys, but never married.
It didn’t feel like a place that a little kid would be toddling around, or a place two husbands would return to and call home.
“Peter, we see each other sometimes, right? Would you say we see each other sometimes?” he asked quietly, picking at his thumb again, his eyes glazed.
Steve looked away when he noticed that Sam had connected the dots. His gaze was a mix of accusing and downright pissed, Steve couldn’t suffer it head-on.
For Vision, it was easy to remove emotion from the matter and see clearly that this was the best choice. Tony’s productivity and innovation had significantly decreased since Steve’s entry into his life. More so after their marriage. As Tony had argued that night, the world needed his work in order to stay ahead. Steve was going to live most of his life without him anyway, so it was best to stop this now.
“So basically, I have no right to take you.” Steve’s eyes welled up with tears the way they had been doing for months, every time he tried to practice this speech. “Daddy’s lawyers are going to take you away from me and I’ll probably never see you again, except maybe sometimes. We’ll see each other sometimes.”
Tony listened on about Rhodey’s night out with a Finnish model, but in the back of his mind he was unsure about what he was going to do. Realistically, he knew trying to get with Steve was a bad idea. And his crush thing wasn’t that big anyway, and very easy to stomp down when he had to. Up until now, things had been fine.
The mission had failed. Obviously. It had failed so completely that Steve couldn’t even see how he had once thought it would succeed. One moment he was sipping coffee, agreeing to take on an easy task, and now they were here, marooned, raw, and injured. Tony was, anyway.
Something hit him hard from his right, and Tony could only make a choked noise as he crashed into the side of his car. Nanobots flashed over his face, and his sunglasses clattered to the ground as his nano lenses came to life.
Tony chuckled at the question, but it was pained. “I think so, yeah. This—” He gesticulated, trying to find the words, “—experience has been a lot for me. But a good thing, I think. I was in a bad place before you came here, and this has…cleared things up.”
“Fucking Thor,” Tony growled. He was seriously going to kill him, right after he kicked his ass out.
He wasn’t sure JARVIS had heard him until he heard the click of a line and someone breathing on the other end.
The desk went blank, scans and video feeds vanishing into the glass, leaving Steve staring at his reflection. It was hard for him to look tired with how long it took for him to feel fatigue, but he barely recognized the man staring back at him, all hard lines and stern features.
Steve wouldn’t have been able to go to the funeral even if he had been invited. He was currently at a diamond mine in Russia, ensuring that insurgents didn’t steal any more gems from the mines. In reality, it wasn’t the diamonds at stake, but the stronghold of vibranium stored two miles underground, imported from Africa and currently the most desirable material on planet earth.
They both knew that was probably a lie, but they weren’t about to attribute their rekindled love to Thor Odinson.
Stark Tower (briefly Avengers tower) was built for parties like this. Hundreds of guests on a dance floor, surrounded by open bars, lounge areas, and none of the trashy clublike bullshit that had taken over luxury spaces. Stark Tower parties had class, and they also had plenty of room for the VIPs to escape the noise and the clamoring of fans.
Once he was satisfied with his shave, Steve quickly dressed, forgoing the shower in order to make it to Manhattan on time. He still took the train when he could, and not very many people ever recognized him there. Captain America really wasn’t all that stand-out without a mask or uniform. And while Steve was willing to admit his jawline was a little sharper than most, this was New York. Models and movie stars walked among regular people. Nobody really took much notice anymore.
Their waitress approached and gave a disapproving look to the spitball on the seat but didn’t say anything about it. “You boys ready t’cwal it a day?” she asked with an overly dramatic Jersey drawl.
“I don’t care,” Tony replied too quickly. He winced, realizing how that might sound. “I mean, I do care. I want a kid. But I need—Steve has to hear it from me.”
Tony clucked his disapproval. “Like I said, you weren’t intruding. Now, what did you want to see me for?”
“Aren’t you nerv—“ He retched again, doubling over and wishing like hell that he had eaten more before he getting on the plane.
Not-Tony nodded. Something close to sadness crossed his face, but it was gone before he spoke. “Sure. Armory is four floors up. Take your pick of whatever you want, just don’t kill anyone.”
“No. That’s why it was a nightmare. I had to do background checks and an interview and everything.” Morgan started to pout, and Tony shushed her gently. “It’s gonna be better, Noodle. Just wait.”
A low buzz from his pocket broke the moment before it started, and Steve fished his phone out, the blue light indicating a new text.
“Well,” Tony said, feeling like he was trying to breathe underwater. “You can’t beat around the bush with him. He hates that. You just have to spit it out. He’ll probably not say anything for a minute…”
“They do support you,” Steve said flatly. “According to them, you were on the right side of things.”
“See you soon.” Steve ended the call and hurried to wipe the moisture from his eyes as Peter returned, only his face and ankles sticking out from behind the shield, his suitcase rolling along behind him.
Peter laughed and Steve saw Tony’s smile. “I had an interesting childhood, that’s for sure. One of my dads is a billionaire genius and the other is an American icon—it’s not easy to grow up with their achievements hanging over my head.
Steve gave her a smile in the same way fathers smiled when  their kid was acting like a complete dumbass. That all-knowing smile that said ‘sorry about him.’
The cabin was completely silent except for the jostling of equipment as they fought the wind. Even the blades of the heli-jet were silent thanks to Stark reactor technology. That was why these things were called OWLs, though Steve didn’t actually remember the meaning of the acronym. Operation something.
His arms were still up protecting his face when Bucky’s hand clutched his chest, ripping a small metal ball from over his reactor, leaving Tony looking pretty pathetic standing there basically cowering. Goddammit.
He was pretty sure he knew where Steve was, but pinning their exact coordinates was a risk Tony didn’t want to expose. He just wanted Steve home, just as much as he never wanted him home.
He’d loved those games. Celebrating plays with Tony, getting the best seats, meeting some of the players. Most of all, it had made Tony beyond happy to be able to spoil him. Steve had always made a point to keep Tony away from spending too much money on him, but baseball games were the exception to the rule.
Steve picked himself up off the ground, eyes narrowed. He wasn’t used to being beaten in the sparring ring, but the men in his unit weren’t normal soldiers. They were the cream of the crop—the people that hadn’t existed in Steve’s day. At least, the Army hadn’t been able to spend the time and money to look for them.
He was met with a sleek interior that echoed the kind of car he was used to, but much more advanced. Screens showed exactly where they were on the route, potential delays, and estimated times for each stop. Advertisements played across surfaces where posters used to be, and as the train started to move the windows changed to a peaceful backdrop of what looked like English countryside.
Gravelle’s was a restaurant that was supposed to look like something old and European. It was impossible to tell which country it was modeled after though, because it was clearly designed by someone so wealthy they had never stepped into real…whatever it was they were going for. The lighting was a warm gold, the walls decorated with sepia photographs, framed letters on worn paper, and a smattering of aged sports memorabilia. It didn’t look authentic to Steve, and he wondered if Tony had planned that.
“Looks like we’re doing this old school,” Blaine said with a grin. “You might even be able to keep up, Rogers.”
He shivered as Tony’s warm mouth left his cock, and dimly remarked how it had been almost half a decade since he’d reached eleven orgasms in one day. Tony was sitting at four, but the last one had been with the assistance of drugs, Steve was sure. Technically all of them had, of course. Tony had popped his most recent round of pills while Steve was in the middle of fucking him. Didn’t even try to hide.  And Steve didn’t care.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’ve always been like that, Steve. You have some sort of deluded sense of duty about everything.”
Bucky shrugged, and a sad smile came to his lips. “All I’m saying is that if you want this to work, you gotta stop texting him. I know him better than anyone, even you. He’ll come around, and he’ll let you know. He won’t…he’ll never leave you hanging.”
Though it did kind of bother him that Steve still hadn’t responded to his text.  But even that had about a million explanations. It was the middle of the afternoon, lunchtime, and training time for Steve. They had a briefing that they both needed to be at by seven anyway, so Tony knew he would see him then.
After she had a shower and a fresh change of clothes, Steve was pretty sure he recognized Maria Richards. He didn’t watch the news or read the paper anymore (well, the electronic paper), but he did get glances.  She was a stereotypical reporter in Steve’s mind, but he knew women like her were no longer the norm.  Most reporters listened to the government now, ever since a news broadcast outing a secret military operation in Ohio had ended with two major cities bombed off of the face of the planet.
Steve was calm and as close to happy as he was capable of getting. The tremors in his hands were mostly still, and there was a warmth at the base of his spine that told him he was mostly safe. Pretending he was buzzed helped things, and had even allowed him to crack up at Sam’s story of when he adopted a bulldog and the neighbor kids had trained it to skateboard without telling him. Cue a ridiculous look on Sam’s face as he retold driving into his parking spot and seeing his bulldog flying by on a board.
Peter gave him a look, his eyes slightly narrowed. “Yeah I do, Dad. Whenever I go over to Pops’ house, it’s like I get cut off from everyone else.”
He knew he wouldn’t get a response, and he knew he wouldn’t be seeing Tony for another few hours. He doubted the man who showed up would be sober either. In fact, Tony was probably downing more drinks and pills to prepare himself for their talk. Tony was no idiot. He knew exactly what what going to happen when he walked in the door.
“It’s charming,” Steve said flatly, grunting as he got himself up  and crawled to the end of the bed. It was snug against the wall on all of the other sides.
The most recent time, Steve had let himself believe it was true. Tony improved, was happier than usual, even took him out on a date like the old days. But then he’d found the Oxycodone, the Xanax, the bottles and bottles of Adderall.
It took maybe a half a second too long for someone with his IQ to realize who Clint was referring to.
Their unit had no name. A long time ago they were called Delta, and the Navy had the SEALs (mentioning that just made all of the guys laugh—calling someone a SEAL was an insult in this group), but now they were just
“No problem,” Steve replied. He didn’t ask about Jackson’s nickname. He didn’t want to hear any stories about Jackson.
Steve walked Peter to the door and gave his shoulder a little rub before Peter was gone, heading down to the Audi R8 waiting in the alleyway, Tony’s rock music blaring.
“You can’t treat me like that, Tony,” Steve finally said. “Of all people, you can’t try to sucker me into this. I agreed to be your fake whatever. I agreed. So don’t try to pull the wool over my eyes.”
Nobody moved for a moment and once again Steve had the urge to feel for a weapon. Silence and staring only came before fighting and killing.
“You’re sure she’s not you’re long lost kid?” Rhodey said one evening as they sipped mocktails in the living room. Morgan was busy playing with her Iron Man action figures that Uncle Rhodey had introduced pretty damn quick. Tony suspected it was because the paint machine had clearly misfired all over what was supposed to be his face.
Walking across the bottom of the lake wasn’t all that difficult for Steve or the men in his spec ops unit—a refreshing change from the Howlers. Of course, the Howlers were always going to be the best group of people Steve had ever worked with, but his new team was groomed for this. They had given their all just to be selected for training to be part of Special Forces. They had been through the shit time and time again. They had unmatched accuracy, skill, and precision. Nobody beat these guys.
The age factor came in because when Blaine laughed, there were the beginnings of crow’s feet at the corners of his eyes, and his stubble was flecked with grey.
The bullet tore straight through the blond boy’s leg and a splat of red appeared on the dog’s chest before it slumped to the ground.
Steve wiped his eyes. Took a deep breath. Pulled open the drawer and removed the divorce papers again, that black print glaring at him. He set it neatly on the desktop and began to read.
Tony wasn’t so sure a potion really ad much to do with him leaving with Steve that night, but he’d let Thor have his win if he was so happy about it.
Tony’s eyes narrowed. “I really don’t care if you’re asking. And you’re throwing me into cars and pointing guns at me. That’s not really getting you any points.”
He lifted his empty glass and handed the mic back to the DJ, who started into a base drop that did little to drown out the cheering.
So he kept his mouth shut as Candice went on and on about Peter’s love for art, and Mary Jane’s friend, Heather, talked about how she had known immediately after meeting Peter that he was the perfect one for Mary Jane and everyone who met them was jealous of their love.
Steve returned to his chair and looked out the window into the alleyway below and then to the night sky above.  They were not safe here. But even aside from the enemies that might be lurking in the shadows, Steve thought of tomorrow’s rehearsal dinner. He already knew he would be sticking his neck beneath the guillotine. He would be alone at a table with people who would think he was there out of spite, just to prove that even though his invitation had arrived three months after Bucky’s, he was still going to show.
So he sat on the furthest edge of the sofa, folding his hands in his lap and trying to portray some kind of confident politeness.
“I looked up the number. Or, tried to. Where the hell is he? I can’t get a location or a signal. When I can’t get either of those things, something serious is going on,” Tony said, grateful that he was getting angry so that maybe he wouldn’t sound so pathetic.
“Want to sleep in my bed?” Tony offered. “I promise not to be inappropriate.” He shot Steve a smirk.
“Hey, babe,” Tony said around a mouthful of cheesy noodles. He shook his head. “Nah, I like ‘em cold.”
No, instead of using Extremis, he had let his hair grey as much as he could stand. At this point it would probably be all grey like his father’s, but Tony had to dye it. The touch-of-grey look was as far as he would go.
“No,” Steve immediately replied. “You think I’m that selfish? That I’d kill myself the night before Peter’s wedding?” He let out a disgusted snort. “One final ‘fuck you.’ That’s all it would be for them.”
The paper fibers underneath his calloused fingers were soft and worn as he pulled the documents from the envelope. There was a magazine with a tribute to all of Tony’s accomplishments, pictures of his life, including a few pages detailing the trying marriage of two superheroes.
And yeah, he had a dweeby little crush on the guy. It was impossible not to. And since Steve had come out in a hilariously formal (though Tony didn’t laugh) briefing that he was bisexual, technically he was actually fair game now.
A woman stood at a computer and turned to look at them. Steve locked eyes with her for a moment, noticed the pistol on her hip, and shot her on sight. Blaine fired beside him and took out another man in the room and then they were running for the computers.
Steve quickly looked away when he spied a hiccy peeking out from beneath Tony’s collar, his cheeks flushing pink.
But Steve was prepared for that move. As he fell, he prepared for the impact and used the momentum to fling Blaine over him before rolling back to his feet.
Steve didn’t know what to do for a moment, so he just stood there stupidly before awkwardly hugging her back.
A shimmer ran over Blaine’s form before his body disappeared altogether, save for a few refractions of light that didn’t look quite right.
A seventy-year time shock had been nothing compared to this. Coming out of the war had been a walk in the park.
After checking their weapons, they headed deeper into the forest, scanning for more patrols. Cueball was manning a UAV above that could detect enemy movement, but with the thick cover of the pines, the margin of error was higher.
