“So I’m kinda putting together that it’s
“Yeah.” Steve held out his hand. Tony took it, and Steve pulled him away from the wall. “Come on. First round’s on me.”
Steve turns to see Tony blinking sleepily at him. “What?”
“It has to be, though,” Steve argued, despite privately agreeing with Tony. “It doesn’t make any sense otherwise. Why would Pierce let us find out our show’s getting cancelled through a
“Adopting another stray?” Tony teased.
Well, the least he can give is an answer about the amendments, right? He sends a text to Tony telling him that he loves the idea of the mentoring program and then sits down on his bed with the copy of the Accords on his tablet and his notebook, pencil poised to write. He’s going to get through the Accords in one go if it kills him.
“Exactly like you. And he was so brave that Steve Rogers asked him to join the Howling Commandos.”
Steve thought about it, then said, “Well…” His hand slid from Tony’s hip to his ass, squeezing gently. Tony’s breath hitched. He slid his leg up to Steve’s waist, using it to pull Steve half on top of him. “What do you think, sweetheart? Haven’t gotten to do this in a while.”
Tony gets quieter as the day goes on and the poses get more complicated. Steve checks in with him periodically. He doesn’t mind if Tony sinks into subspace, but he’d prefer to know if he’s getting close so he can stop what he’s doing and take care of him. Tony shakes his head every time he asks though and just says that he likes the feeling of the ropes on his skin, which is fair enough. Steve had made sure to select the softest ropes he could find since he knew how long this would take.
“So tell me, Steve,” Natasha immediately says, propping her hip against the counter. “What has you so upset about Tony staying over?”
wants to. But what if that’s something Tony isn’t ready for?
“That’s no excuse,” Sam insisted. “They call themselves authentic. They should be
“Yeah, that one.”
“We live on her street,” Steve pointed out dryly.
It was kind of cute.
“How terribly lazy of you,” he murmurs, kissing Tony’s earlobe.
But when he comes back from the bathroom, it’s just him and Tony and the present he’d gotten for him looped around Tony’s right wrist. Natasha’s car is gone from the parking lot, a minivan filled with screaming children parked in its place.
“But then you left.”
Steve bites back a comment about remembering everything that Tony tells him. Just because
. The whole point of the SHRA was to make sure that if someone was abusing their powers, the UN would know who committed the crime and stop them. I wasn’t exactly comfortable with the idea, I don’t like anyone having access to the suits, even if I
during their episodes—not the way they used to be—but they bantered a lot and shot barbless jabs at each other that everyone had said was due to unresolved sexual tension (if they only knew).
Tony scowls. “Don’t get used to it. I’m not a nice person.”
“Wow, a whole twelve percent,” Steve teases. “How generous of you.”
“Oh.” Tony rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “You—you didn’t. It’s just—it’s your birthday next week and I know they usually come see you for a few days and since you were starting to look impatient, I figured they must be arriving today.”
rationalized the entire events of the morning in his mind. He’d also taken care of what little bit of cleaning he had been planning to do around the house while Steve took care of the yard—at least, that had been the original plan before the rain. It was terribly boring work, but he certainly wasn’t going to make Steve do it when he was more than capable.
That’s enough. He doesn’t need to ask for more.
“No, you
Steve met Tony three weeks before their first semester of college. Somehow—and Steve still wasn’t sure how—they’d been matched together as roommates, which made no sense considering Steve had specifically requested Bucky as his roommate and Tony’s obscenely wealthy parents had donated an entire new dorm just so their son didn’t have to share a dorm room with anyone.
“What’s going on?” he asked.
The house is already lit up inside, telling him that Tony is already here, and he hesitates on the front porch. He had arrived early, planning on getting there before Tony so that he would have enough time to mentally prepare himself to see Tony again. Doesn’t look like that plan is going to work now.
“No!” Steve exclaimed, relieved. This—
“You’re ruining my dramatic moment.”
, Steve decided, required him to be far drunker than he was. He saw Bucky and Sam safely off and then turned right back around and marched himself to the closest bar, where he spent approximately five minutes convincing himself to go talk to the attractive woman making bedroom eyes at him from the other end of the bar.
“Steve?”
“No, I—uh—I messed it up, so I need a new one. Please,” he tacks on as an afterthought.
Tony shrugged. “Not to worry, I’m sure it’ll be soon. It always is; he likes to hold them in an employee’s first week. We think he’s trying to figure out if you’re a waste of money.”
“So why don’t you stay with me until this all gets sorted out?”
certainly do,” Steve said, eyeing what Tony hadn’t been able to pick up on his fingers. He thought about bending down and licking it off, but moving seemed impossible right now. Tony grinned at him like he knew what Steve was thinking, which, to be fair, he probably did. They’d been married long enough that they frequently knew what was going through the other’s mind.
“Why did you sign?”
“I was thinking,” Tony repeats. “We’ve been building toward something, haven’t we? All these talks, these secret meetings, they mean something. Don’t they?”
“It should. If they’re going to insult me, they should do it properly.” Abruptly, Tony’s anger disappeared, and he slithered off the desk to drop into the chair across from Steve. “Fuck, Steve, I knew that Pierce’s conservative backers hated us, but I thought the liberal ones would more than make up for it.”
“Sorry, Tones,” Steve said, and he did sound sorry, but Tony knew better. He groaned again and slumped against the bannister as Steve called back, “Be right there!” Steve gave him a quick kiss. “Maybe when I’m done with this kid?”
“Yeah, him,” Tony says quickly. “He insisted I put the Stark name on the business so now I obviously can’t use that.”
be who he is.
Steve knows him well enough to know that’s a lie though. Tony will be long gone by the morning.
Natasha runs ahead of Tony to join him. “Hey, I told him we’re talking birthday gifts, but that’ll only buy us a few minutes, so talk fast,” she says.
“You’re hopeless,” he tells DUM-E. “What am I going to do with you?”
Something that Steve knows all too well. “I’m sorry that I can’t sign.”
“I don’t?”
Steve looks at her. She seems very matter-of-fact about all of this, not revealing even a hint of fear about what almost happened to her. And maybe she is matter-of-fact about it. Maybe she’s decided that the past is in the past and it doesn’t matter anymore. But he doesn’t think so, and just in case, he knocks his shoulder into hers and says, “Well, thank god he didn’t think about it.”
Tony seizes the opportunity. “Sure, but how many Steve Rogers have Tony Stark on their wrist? Because that’s my name. What’s on your wrist?”
—was a fake that he had even started to suspect that Howard and Maria’s murderer was Bucky.
Tony doesn’t argue anymore, just moves over. Rhodey climbs up beside him and tucks Tony into his side. Slowly, the tension bleeds out of Tony’s body as he relaxes against Rhodey’s side. Rhodey lifts a hand and strokes it through Tony’s soft hair.
Tony: Or maybe when you leave, she’ll realize what a mistake she’s made and she’ll change.
“What?” Tony asked confusedly. Finally, he looked up, eyes lust-dark. It took him a moment to realize what Steve was asking, but then the furrow between his brows disappeared and he exhaled. “No, darling, this has nothing to do with that. I just thought it might be nice to switch things up a bit.”
“And?” he asks, too impatient to wait.
By the end of the day, Steve’s exhausted in that good way that means he’s done a lot of good work today. He’s bent over Luis’s Table of Stuff (as Steve secretly calls it), checking on his appointments for tomorrow, when he hears Tony quietly whisper, “Oh my god, he’s a Dorito.”
“Bucky’s going to kill me,” he moans. He’d known this would be a bad idea, but he hadn’t known it would be
“Hey, Tony, why don’t you run out to grab lunch for all of us?” Steve suggests. That’ll give him time to talk to Natasha about the room situation.
“Yeah, except taking care of herself would have meant harming civilians, which would have only had people more afraid of her, and it would have been a terrible cycle. Anyway, my point is, Wideawake was a project designed to stop people like her. Not Wanda exactly, but other people like her, with powers and without the morals that she has. It started off as just an idea, a way to stop heroes gone rogue, but secretly, Ross managed to actually create these robots—he called them Sentinels. Their entire purpose is to stop superpowered individuals with evil intentions, but I think we both know how easily Ross could have abused that power.”
—and returned his attention to the meeting. He didn’t need to pay attention—as one of the biggest shows on the station,
Captain America blinks at him. “You—do?”
Tony: Yeah, okay, you really should talk to your husband about this. Think about how he feels with all of this going on. He’s got a coworker who is accusing his wife of cheating on him and his wife is just remaining silent instead of actually doing something to dispel the rumors or at least reassure him. You said this has been going on for a few months? By this point, I’d be more surprised if he didn’t think that you were cheating on him.
“Yeah, it does. But Steve, you’ve done as much as you can to make the Accords palatable for everyone and not just for the politicians in charge. It’s up to Sam now to decide if that’s something he can live with.”
Tony liked it so much, but it wasn’t possessive, he thought; it wasn’t that Tony wanted to claim that Steve belonged to him by bruising him, or he
Tony smiles tightly, though it looks like more of a grimace and opens his mouth to say something. He almost immediately shuts it again, and Steve can’t help but wonder what he was going to say. Would it be about it being the team’s own fault they can’t see him? They’ve already had that conversation. Would it be about being unable to follow Steve and the others into exile? Because it’s true, and Steve can’t believe he didn’t see it before—the public face of SI would never have been able to go against the Accords so publicly. He would have always had to work within the system.
bedtime stories. They get him to sleep faster than just about anything else. He nods eagerly and settles down so his head is resting on her pillow. Peggy resigns herself to sleeping without a pillow tonight—not like she’s never slept in worse places—and lies down as well, on her side so she can face Tony.
“Of course,” he agreed. “That’s us—a normal company! I’m Tony Stark, I’ll be training you today.”
Tony stretched up to give him a chaste, closed-mouthed kiss. “The shelter sounds nice. But maybe later in the afternoon.”
“It’s okay,” Tony says hastily. “I’m going to turn him off until I get the chance to run out to Switzerland to fabricate a new personality chip for him. It’s not—you didn’t hurt him. U’s not upset, are you, buddy?”
Steve blushes. “It’s um—it’s silly, you probably won’t—”
“Oh!” Tony exclaims, clearly startled. “Didn’t realize you were already here.” He turns, pushing his goggles up to his hair. “Did you get even more muscley since the last time I saw you?”
“Fine,” Tony says eventually. “Thank you, Steve.”
He’s starting to understand why Tony had been so angry with him.
“Really,” Bucky stated skeptically. “It’s so fine that you’ve been ignoring every text you got from him all weekend? So fine that you didn’t want to tell either of your best friends about it? So fine that you admitted Tony keeps trying to ask you to dinner, but you keep turning him down? Because that doesn’t sound fine to me, Steve. That sounds like denial.”
“It’s just early,” Steve snaps.
He luxuriates in the feeling for only a few moments though before he rises back up on his knees. Tony’s hands fall away back to his head. Steve pauses to take in the sight of him: nipples flushed red, trails of ice water crossing his chest and stomach, a contented look in his eyes. He’s still as beautiful as he was the day Steve first met him; not for the first time, he marvels that out of all the people Tony could have chosen, he’d chosen
“Hmm, guess I’ll have to hurry up and get to the next part then.”
He shrugs. “I like what you’ve got going here. I really think it’s a great idea. You’ve got great products, a really sustainable business model. But I think you need more startup money.”
Tony exhaled slowly. When he spoke again, it was quieter than he’d been for the entire conversation. “I thought you meant you would be ready again someday. If I’d—I spent three years trying to show you I was ready to take us seriously. I took this job because Pierce said he was going to ask you to be Mr. Right Now.”
Steve: Then you shouldn’t be that upset about this, other than for the normal reasons you’d be sad a friend is moving. It sucks that you’re losing that convenience, but that’s all it is. You’ll find someone else.
“And what?” he asks gently after a few minutes.
“Tony.”
Steve grins. “What are you still doing here? I would’ve thought you’d have left by now.”
,” Steve said in a high-pitched falsetto that didn’t sound anything like Dottie’s voice, but got Tony to laugh. “You know we have to go. She notes who doesn’t show up every year and makes life miserable for them for the next year”
“An impressive feat when it’s such a small bed.”
It takes less than a minute for Tony to respond and Steve bites back a smile at the sight of the address and date. It might be too late for him to sign the Accords, but maybe—if he’s very,
Steve actually kind of likes the way Tony dresses, but he thinks now might not be the right time to say it. “So you’re a business major?” She seems a little old to be in college but maybe she’s a nontraditional student, he doesn’t want to judge.
“Please
It had seemed like a match made in hell.
An awkward silence falls over them, making Steve regret just springing the news on Tony. He should know better by now. He shouldn’t have just blurted it out like that. Tony doesn’t handle news well when he’s not eased into it.
“You didn’t make Ultron,” Steve says sharply. That
“What’s that?”
Sam makes a doubtful sound.
Like this, with Tony so close, the subtle scent of his cologne permeating Steve’s senses and overwhelming him—he never thought he’d be able to get this close again. He’d thought he’d ruined his chances at something more with Tony the moment he ran. And maybe at one time, that was true. But Tony’s right. They
Like a bull in a china shop, Tony used to say about him.
Tony smiled ruefully. “Guess we’re both a little at fault then. Anyway—I just wanted to say I’m on board now, I know what to expect, and if you still want to keep doing this—”
“You know what we should do? We should take a picture of this one before we toss it out and send it to the neighborhood group chat. I bet Wanda would probably find it hilarious.”
They were halfway through the movie when Steve leaned over and kissed him. “You looked really good today,” he murmured into Tony’s ear, hand cupping the back of his neck. “Kept thinking about you over on the stairs, about what I wanted to do to you.”
Tony stands then and drains the last of his coffee. “Look, I’ve got to get going. I’m recruiting for the new team and should probably get back to it. This was a good talk though; we’re getting better at this.”
“You two seem very happy together,” Vision said after a moment.
“That’s like no flight stabilizer I’ve ever seen.”
“With who?”
named it when he was seven and had stumbled across Howard’s plans—that he gets a chance to tug Captain America to the back of the jet, away from listening ears.
Steve opens the door and is immediately met with a wave of heat. It’s always hot down here. Tony says it’s because of the celestial energy, that stars run so hot that even residue energy is still too hot for unenhanced humans to handle. Fortunately, neither Steve nor Tony are unenhanced, and Steve would be willing to bet that the reason it’s so hot in the engine room today is because Tony is working with raw stardust.
“Janet has
“Come on,” he said, tugging Tony away with a firm grip on his hair. “Bedroom.”
“You didn’t tell me you were working on potions.”
“Then why is it any different when you want to rejoin yours?”
“Sorry, Tony, no.”
It wasn’t as though he was wrong, but it was just a rumor right now. It wasn’t something confirmed by Pierce, and honestly, it sounded like something Rumlow or Rollins might have made up after the awkward show on Monday just to spite the two of them. He said as much to Tony, who just silently nodded. Steve understood; even though it was just a rumor, it was still startling to hear and cruel of whoever had thought it up. This was their jobs after all, and rumors floating around that their jobs were going to just disappear without any warning were frightening. An awkward silence settled between the two of them as Steve tried to think of something else he could say that would reassure Tony. He knew how Tony could get wrapped up in his head, knew how his anxiety could get the best of him, but he didn’t know what else he could say that he hadn’t already said.
“Tomorrow, then.” Before he can chicken out, he leans forward and kisses Tony. Tony smiles into the kiss, making it a little awkward, but there’s something still so wonderful about it. He thinks it’s because it’s Tony. He’s never kissed anyone else who made him feel this way, so it
“Sure,” Luis says. “Things good with Tony?”
Another round of that laughter.
,” Tony pointed out, laughing as he ran his hands through Steve’s hair. But when Steve pulled away to look up at him, it was to see that Tony had indeed opened his eyes and was looking at him with a soft expression.
“What other people? I’m your only friend.”
“Oh no,” Betty laughed. “No setting me up. I heard you do that to everyone, but not for me. I’m going to meet my future spouse completely organically.”
, because Steve doesn’t have another room, he’s sharing with Luis and he took the guest room—
The lights are on when he gets to the store and he smiles ruefully at the sight. He should have known that on a night like tonight, Tony wouldn’t be able to sleep either. If he hadn’t been so wrapped up in his own worries, he probably
And not for the first time in the last week, he wonders just what, exactly, he’s done.
wanted to put in place: whoever doesn’t bring coffee has to pick up lunch.”
Steve kissed him again, tasting like the candy Tony had thought he would, and pushed him flat against the couch cushions. Tony wound his arms around Steve’s neck, his leg hitching around his hips, and—
The day passed them by and they couldn’t still shake it off. What were they supposed to do now, knowing that their neighbors had so much power? Could they even go back to the way things were before, happy and ignorant?
Steve interrupts him before he can bother Tony any further and stress him out again. “Thor, do you want a gift receipt for this?”
, in his
“What? Oh, no, sorry, I got distracted helping Herb with the yard,” Steve said. Tony smiled fondly. That was his husband alright, always trying to help other people. He had one of the most generous hearts Tony had ever known and it was one of the first things that had caught his eye when he’d met Steve all those years ago. “Sweetheart, I was talking with Agnes and she said something—something strange.”
“Yes, Dr. Stark brings grave news,” T’Challa says, sitting in the throne. He waves Steve and Tony both to chairs of their own. “We were going to reach out to you to ask you to return, but then you announced your imminent arrival and we thought it best to wait.”
Steve had asked Vision once why he chose Wanda and not Tony. He’d known as soon as he asked that it was horrible of him to ask but he’d just come back from the tower, from hearing Tony speak to FRIDAY and watching him wince with every word she spoke, and he had wanted to know why Vision, who had as much of JARVIS in him as the Mind Stone had so easily latched onto Wanda and only Wanda. He hadn’t meant it the way it sounded, hadn’t meant to imply that Vision had chosen one and sacrificed the other; rather, that Vision, who had chosen the voice of someone Tony had just lost, hadn’t immediately latched onto Tony.
Finally, after several moments, he thought he was ready to continue, and so he pressed play again.  "You have no idea how much time I've spent figuring out your new-fangled laptop," Steve-with-Tony's-voice continued, and Tony could hear the hint of a delighted laugh in his words.  It had been so long. "It's really something else. But I think I've got it. And I wanted to leave this voicelog now, in the morning, because there's stuff I gotta say and I didn't want to risk not having a chance to do one later.
These were all issues caused by switching, and he hadn't even touched the part where
"A lot."
"You want all the details upfront," Tony said.  "No mystery.  No discovery."
That managed to kick Tony's brain into gear again, and he quickly shook his head.  "No," he said.  They didn't need a fifth member, especially not one who was going to be feeding Fury info about what they were all doing, no matter how many tales he'd heard of Captain America's heroics.  "Can I veto?  I'm vetoing."
was alive, it didn’t even matter.  Because the Steve he’d come to know, even come to care for a little—he was dead.
“My heart?”  Automatically, Tony lifted a hand, placing it over his chest.  He hadn’t discussed what had happened with it, not with Steve, not with Fury, not with anyone.  Fury, he suspected, would probably find out what happened sooner or later.  But Tony would make him work for it.  Steve, though… he could tell Steve.  “It’s fine.”
He realized that Steve was growling at
was so dehumanizing, but he couldn't deny that there was a clear difference between the two, even if they were still human to him.  "I'll climb the wall and get what we need.  You stay here."
“I’m so sorry, Steve,” he said.
“Oh, Tony…”  Steve can’t help it anymore.  So he leans forward, wrapping his arms around him and holding him tight.  “I’m sorry he doesn’t like you.  I think you’re a perfectly fine fellow.”
Tony obliges, and his mouth falls open as he does.  It’s like… it’s like the whole world is ahead of him, all radiant skies and dappled waters, and he’s soaring through it all.  He can’t even see the railing from here.  “Steve,” he gasps, and suddenly he’s a little boy again, arms outstretched as he runs through the yard, pretending—”I’m flying!”  Is this what pilots see when they soar through the air?  When they glide over shining lakes as the sun goes down?  For all his love of aircrafts and flying, for all his tinkering with wing designs and pilot controls—he’s never flown before.  His father’s never let him.  But today, right here, right now… he’s flying.  He’s flying over the Atlantic and no one can stop him.
Carol taps her card.  “He’s fine, which you’d know if you hadn’t been ignoring your transmissions for the last five minutes.  He’ll be out of surgery soon.  The others are in the waiting room, if you want to see them.”
"We'll have to cross the Housatonic sooner or later," Tony sighed.  "No, let's just go back to the Merritt now.  Just… keep an eye out for any biters that are close by.  We're going to need them."
Then a breakout at the Raft happens.  Steve’s the one who calls Tony in, so he heads over just in time to pound into a bunch of escaped crooks and lock—well, not all of them, and not most of them, but
Tony still didn't know what the hell Cap was having him type into a bomb that shouldn't even have existed, but here he was.  "Okay," he said.  "S and T.  What next?"  He appreciated the fact that Cap seemed to have
Steve’s favorite spot, Tony learns, is a California poppy reserve relatively close to the Los Angeles branch.  The first time they visit, they go hiking, walking for miles and miles before Tony tells him that listen, he’s not a super-soldier and can only drag himself around for so long.  The second time they visit, Steve brings a sketchbook and spends hours drawing golden flowers as Tony works on his own things, occasionally throwing him affectionate glances every now and then.
“T-thanks,” Steve stammers, looking down at his clothes.  He looks quite dapper, if Tony may say so himself.  “So… think I can pass as one of you guys now?”
A flush works its way up Steve’s cheeks, but he nods a little tightly, shimmying toward the couch.  “Um, okay,” he says.  “…Don’t look.”
Tony set the reports down, then picked up a glossy, annotated photo.  "Oracle bones," he announced.  "The ancient Chinese would write questions to the gods on bones and tortoise shells, then burn them and figure out the gods' responses based on how they cracked."
That was unexpected.  "How?  What happened?"
“Okay,” is what he ends up saying in the end.  “I’ll be waiting here.”
The other man still looks hesitant for a moment, but then he smiles broadly, and Steve finds himself wishing he could run a thumb over the crinkle of his eyes.  “Great.  Tonight.  I’ll see you then.”
“Here,” Sunset says, and they find themselves in the middle of a small throng of people gathered around one lifeboat.  Not too much time has passed since the collision just yet, and Tony suspects that the three of them are some of the earliest people to be convinced that they’re actually in danger.  In front of them, one of the ship’s officers is yelling something, but with all the commotion, Tony can hardly tell what he’s saying—something about women and children, he thinks, and both he and Howard look at Sunset.
at me,” he says, and despite everything, Tony manages a snicker.  “Come on.  Dish it.”
Completely taken aback, Tony lowered his hand, staring at it.  Had it just—had it just communicated with him?  “What?” he said dumbly.
Third, all she ever wanted were his designs.
fine,” Steve insists, but his words don’t have nearly the same amount of bite as they did when they were arguing weeks ago.  “It’s just—God.”  Anxiously, Steve runs his free hand through his hair, glancing away.  Tony thinks he can see Steve’s eyes getting wet; Extremis tells him Steve’s pulse is rising.  “It took thirty-seven minutes for the medics to jump-start your heart again.  And in those thirty-seven minutes, I thought—what if you actually died, and the last thing I did was snipe at you over something stupid?  How could I live with myself, when you’re the most important person in my life?”
“Really?” Steve asks.
So he just ducked his head, trying to hide the blush he could already feel crawling up his cheeks.  God, if he hadn't already figured out that Steve was Irish, his propensity for blushing would have given it away.  He went red
“I lied.  I’m still a big fan of
"Only one way to find out," Tony said.  It wasn't as though they could call up the Nazis and ask politely—he certainly didn't want them to be lying in wait for them to land.  He was still trying to figure out why there was Japanese aircraft in Yinxu, and, more importantly, who had sent them.  "Where are the other two fragments, by the way?  Did anyone put them together yet?"
He’s unstoppable.
Apparently he'd been wrong.
"You got a mating call or something?  How do you even manage that?"
There was a pause.  Then Jessica rushed to Burnside's body, knife flashing, and started to stab him repeatedly until Stark dashed forward, pulling her back.  "Jessica," he said.  "It's over.  He's dead."
Steve could feel his hands start to tremble, and it took everything he had to make it stop.  "How am I supposed to fight for you when you're… when you're gone?"
Tony lets out another soft laugh, eyes crinkling again.  “Most people in your position dream of money and status,” he says.  “You dream of riding dolphins.”  He lets go of his hand then, reaching up to lightly stroke his cheek.  “I’ve said it once and I’ll say it again—you’re unreal, Steve.”
"You be safe too," Tony said, gazing up at him.  "I'll see you soon, darling."
"Yeah, right," Bucky said with a snort.  "Come on, let's go."
"Well, we made it," Tony said.  "That was more harrowing than I would have generally preferred, but I have to admit, that sort of thing always sold well back during my
But Cap was gone.  Tony remembered him saying he was going to the upper deck and that they'd head toward the fire afterward.  That was as good a lead any, so Tony kept moving forward, closer to the flames that Pepper or one of the others must have somehow started.  God, he hoped none of them were trapped in there somehow.
“Oh, my God,” Tony breathes.
Tony gasped, eyes snapping open as he jolted backward, bumping his head against the pedestal and cursing softly in pain.  For a moment, he could see nothing but a dizzying array of colors, but then things settled a little, and he could make out the sabretooth, which was… moving?  Had it just spoke?
—is pushing him forward, urging him toward the lifeboat.  “Get on the boat, Tony,” he hears Howard say.
"Under no circumstance is that a good idea," Cap said sharply.  Tony blinked.  "You're hurt, in case you've forgotten again.  We need to support each other, not go our separate ways."
Tony grits his teeth.  How is Steve real?  How is there someone in this world who
He couldn't look anymore.  He closed his eyes again, and this time he let them stay closed.
Steve shakes his head, slowly at first, then faster.  “No,” he says.  He glances over at Howard, then at Tony.  “Tony.  I didn’t take it.  You know I didn’t take it.”
For several moments, he remained frozen in his seat, trying to decide if he should go over and demand an explanation, but Arnie was already occupied with the girl seated next to him, and it seemed rude to interrupt.  Before he could decide, their teacher rapped on her desk with a ruler, calling them to order, and Steve was forced to put away his questions for the time being.
Pepper shook her head.  "Guess it's still too far."
Oh, right.  He’d gotten into a fight with a damned sabretooth.
There was another pause, but this time it was Tony, overtook once more by emotion.  Steve spoke of it so lightly, as though the thing that was going to "happen"
Tony sure is nosy.  “We kissed once.  But then I wanted to leave, and she wanted to stay.  Paris is her home.”  He smiles a little wistfully, remembering her.  He hasn’t thought about Peggy in a while.  “She was really something.  Brave.  Smart.”  His gaze shifts back to Tony, though, and he continues, “But I don’t think I regret making the decision to go back to America.”
“Fine, fine,” Tony replied, waving one arm.  “Don’t—ah—don’t mind me.”   God, his chest felt awful, like a weight was pressing down upon it, squeezing the air out of his lungs.  In an attempt to hopefully clear up whatever the hell it was, he took several deep breaths, preferring the pain from his fractured ribs to… this.  Not that he knew what
That seemed to get through to her, and she sighed, petting his hair.  "Alright, Stevie, no third job and no doctor. But you're not remembering things."
Tony nodded absently, going quiet for a few moments.  Then: "I don't know how you're still alive," he said finally.  "But you are.  And… I noticed something.  The mark on your finger.  From… from that ring.  It's gone.  Did you get rid of it?"
He'd been clearing the debris for maybe ten minutes when a whistling sound echoed through the tunnel, and Steve blinked, realizing Tony had started up the train.  "Steve?" he heard.
Steve actually frowned at him, shaking his head.  Tony frowned back.  “What?  It’s sausage.  Meat.  Sabretooths like meat, I thought.”  Just not human meat.  He hoped.
... he couldn't bear to hurt her by avoiding her gaze.
"Let's go, then," Rhodey said.
"Oh, if that's what you think, I'm happy to play along," Tony replied with a roguish grin.  "Sure. Let's attribute it to my genius, then.  But… still some luck.  The timing, mostly.  If I hadn't figured it out by the time the biters came around, I'd be dead by now.  So I'm fortunate to have this.  A self-renewing power source is a valuable resource, especially these days."
He’s had a good life, he thinks.  And it all started here.
, based on that one time he’d plucked it out just to see what would happen.  Hell, he’d probably have a heart attack and die.  And wasn’t it a shame that he’d worked so hard for so long to find a way to cure himself, only to undo everything just to return Steve to the status quo?
The sabretooth stopped—along with Tony’s heart—then slowly turned, looking right at him.  His heart started beating normally again once he saw that yes, this
, he’d said.
he spelled.
Not to mention the fact that Steve's dad had served back in the First World War (probably for God and country, or whatever propaganda mottos they used back then).  So maybe Steve just wanted to follow in his old man's footsteps, which was a perfectly valid reason for wanting to enlist.
“This is crazy,” Tony muttered, swinging one leg over Rogers’ body.  “Whatever you do,
After far too long, he remembered to glance back up, only to see the guy - Ty, whoever that was - staring at him.  "Are you done?" Ty said.
Right.  Shit.  He needed to—to
“I’d accuse you of being a flatterer, but it’s true,” Tony replies, and Steve snorts again.  What is modesty to Tony Stark?  He wiggles his fingers.  “Steve, I want you to draw me like one of your French boys.  Wearing this.”
you care about?”
Jessica screamed as Stark swore loudly, and for a moment, everything was chaos as they moved to avoid the thing, only to have something else drop near them right after.
“Okay.”  Tony packed up the food he’d poured out earlier, bringing out his gauntlets.  “How do you want to do this?  Should I go with you?”  Steve shook his head.  “You want to go alone?”  A nod.
A bullet dinged the pillar he'd just walked around, and he involuntarily gasped, ears stinging from the sharp sound.  Had that been luck, or was someone aiming for him?  There was no time to find out.  He looped the rope around the pillar as quickly as he could, then took off the gauntlet long enough so that he'd have enough dexterity to tie off a knot.  "It's done!" he called afterward, hoping that would be enough for Rhodey to know he could climb up now.
Or at the very least, he was pretty sure he’d found
Steve instinctively knew that Tony was right, but he looked down anyway.  There his hands were—pale and unmarked, the way they had been before that day on the aircraft carrier so long ago.  "No," he said.  "I didn't.  It must have disappeared on its own."  He couldn't pretend to explain it.  It didn't follow the rules of nature.  It had bound to him, and then, apparently… it had left.
“Do we ever get into situations that are fatal 97.5% of the time?”
The ship was darker than he would have thought, thick plumes of smoke obscuring the flames, which, from what he could tell, were mostly concentrated near the front.  He avoided that area for now, keeping as low to the ground as he could, eyes peeled for any sign of Jarvis.  This had all been a trap, he thought dimly as he picked his way past overturned furniture.  The Nazis had known they were looking for the ring pieces and they had known that if they came here, Tony and the others would have followed.  He wondered if the last piece had ever even been in this place.  He wondered if it mattered.
He was no expert at orthotics, and he was all too aware of the gap in technology between Steve's time and his own (to say nothing of the gap in wealth), but he'd done enough research to come up with something he could make even with his current resources.
He paused, waiting for a sarcastic comment from Tony.  When none came, he blinked, surprised, but continued speaking.  "I don't think I'll ever agree with what you did during the war, even if it helped end it sooner.  That weapon killed people.  I thought it would open a Pandora's Box.  But look at us now—your favorite weapon is a damned shovel, and we're afraid of people because they can bite us.  Everything's changed.  Understanding that, and seeing people die today—seeing
“Not arguing,” Steve said, climbing to his feet, and wow,
The other man’s frown only deepened as he knelt down, as though that would somehow make him see what Tony was seeing.  “Empty space could mean a lot of things,” he said.  “It could just be an underground spring.  Or maybe lava flows.  I’m not digging a hole so we can fall into lava.”
Cap didn't respond, watching him go in silence.
A moment later, Tony was flung off, but this time, he had the shield, and so he held it up in front of him protectively with his bad arm, his other hand up to aim the repulsor.  God, he hoped this worked.  “Hey!” he called, trying to catch Steve’s attention.  “Steve.  Hey, Steve.  Look at me!”
Jessica stepped forward, motioning with her head.  "Then let's get to a safer spot and make a plan," she said.  "We're too exposed out here."
"We're not really here to talk about me."  Cap got out of the chair and approached Tony, frowning slightly.  "Bandage is bleeding through.  Time to change it."
names."
Fuck, he thought.
Rogers looked contemplative.  Then he looked troubled.  “That means there are people here.”
Tony smiles back at him.  “You’re wonderful, Steve,” he says quietly.  “I’m lucky to have met you.”
Sunset nods, her fingers coming up and wrapping the jacket tight around her.  “Good luck,” she says, eyes darting between them.  “To both of you.”  A crew member helps her board one of the boats, and Tony wonders if this is the last time he’ll ever see her.
“Wait,” Tony protests as he reaches up to keep Steve’s folded shirt in place, even though he’d wanted them to go mere moments ago.  “It’s freezing.  You need something to wear.”
"Yeah," Tony repeated, grateful to have a chance to do something.  "Get out safe, okay?"  Without waiting for an answer, he made his way toward the nearest pillar, keeping his head low.  There was still smoke and the sound of bullet fire all around, and he couldn't help but worry about Pepper—but Rhodey was a sitting duck while he was in that pit, and Tony needed to get him out as soon as possible.
"No," Tony replied, voice soft.  "I'm not okay."
In the silence, Tony could hear his wounded heart thumping, his pulse racing.
"James," Tony repeated.  "Not James Rhodes?  Tall, handsome black fella?  Will talk your ear off about nature if you let him?"
"—And if that happens, I don't want my last act to be lying around somewhere, waiting.  I need to do this, Tony.  For Bucky.  I can't leave him here."
Cautiously, Steve wiggled his toes and then his fingers, shifting his arms and legs experimentally.  He still wasn't sure why he was here, but whoever was responsible didn't apply any sort of restraint, which was promising.  Once he was sure he had reasonable command over his body—how long had it been since he'd last moved around, days?  Weeks?—he managed to swing himself off the bed, gripping at the nightstand to steady himself.  "Deep breaths," he murmured, and he found himself surprised at how scratchy his voice sounded.
He shivers, but he doesn’t pull away.  “I’ll take that as a compliment.”
"You don't have to."  With his free hand, Steve reached down, looking for the rifle—but he found nothing, and he inhaled sharply in panic.  In front of him, Tony looked similarly alarmed, following his gaze.  Without the rifle, what could he use?  How could he make this as painless for Tony as possible otherwise?
one here who can get someone all hot and bothered.  “T-too much of that, and the next part is going to be really underwhelming for you.”
"Back at the hospital."
If Steve had thought he was dreaming when he'd first woken up, he thought as he gathered his fiftieth tag, he would have stopped by now.  His imagination could have never been this cruel.
Tony didn't have a very good rebuttal to that.  "And where are the others?" he asked, letting the previous topic drop for now.  "Jarvis and Rhodey?"
, and it was only then that he realized that the first round of arrows going off wasn't because of him—it was because of
"Hm," Steve's mom said.  The dubious look faded away, replaced with a smile.  "You're very talented, Stevie," she said. "I know you can do anything you put your mind to."
But Carol wouldn’t understand.  She’d sided with Tony all those years ago, when things had gone so horribly wrong, but she’d never shouldered the regret and pain of what had happened, nor did she ever have any reason to.  After all, it wasn’t she who had given the order to lock Steve up in power-dampening cuffs the day he’d died.  It wasn’t she who woke up in the middle of the night, dreaming of Steve’s blood dripping off her hands.
He found himself thinking, stupidly, of his dog.  He'd had one once, a long time ago. Her name was Aero (short for Aerodynamic) and he loved her very much.  But the problem with Aero - the problem with dogs in general, honestly - was that they just didn't live long enough.  So she'd gone to the rainbow bridge and when Mom had told his ten-year-old self as much, he'd reacted by starting to cry.
Cap glanced back at Rhodey and Pepper, evidently seeking their approval.  Pepper gave a half-hearted nod while Rhodey actually almost looked amused.  "So Cap's a
Tony makes a sound suspiciously close to a purr as Steve touches him, leaning forward into his hand.  Steve is enthralled.  “I did, in fact,” he murmurs.  Then he pulls away, much to Steve’s disappointment, though he makes up for it by taking his hand.  “Come here.  Let me show you something.”  He leads them to a small safe, inputting the combination and opening it before pulling out two small boxes.  “As you know, I’m getting married.  Presumably.  This is supposed to involve exchanging rings and such.”  He holds up one box.  “I got this for her.  It has a blue stone because her name is Sunset and it doesn’t match at all, which is petty but I don’t really care.  Probably looks better on you, actually.”  Steve snorts, and Tony grins, taking the ring out and dropping it into the pocket of his pants.  “But she won’t be needing this anymore.  Meanwhile, she got me this beauty.  Just take a look.”
Goodness, he thought.  1989.
The whole thing is incredibly arousing, it really is.  But as much as Steve is enjoying this, as much as he wants Tony to suck him to completion… that isn’t all he wants to do tonight.  So after a few more minutes of this—of the best oral sex he’s ever received in his life—he removes his hand from his hair, tapping him lightly on the shoulder instead.  “T-Tony,” he whispers.  “Tony, if you want us to do more tonight, you’re gonna have to stop.”
"You heard me," Stark said, his brow furrowing a bit as he watched Steve with concern—genuine or not, Steve wasn't sure at this point.  "I know.  It took us ten years to get you out.  I…"  Stark paused, taking another deep breath.  "We thought you were dead.  I'm sorry."
“I’m sorry,” Steve says.  He picks his duffel bag up and turns away.  “I’ll be in my apartment if you need me.  We’ll talk later.”
, indeed.  “So… so there we are.  Now you know.”
“This isn’t over, Tony,” Rhodey says, but he reluctantly hangs up.
"You killed her," he said to the sound of footsteps rapidly approaching him, still staring disbelievingly at the corpse lying on top of him.  "She was unarmed, and you killed her."
And his heart nearly stops beating.
"I know," Tony said, reaching up to rub Steve's back slowly.  "I'm sorry, Steve."
“Don’t be stubborn,” Steve tells him, hands cupping Tony’s face even though Howard’s watching them.  “Tony, your father’s giving you a chance to live.  Take it.”  One thumb reaches up, stroking Tony’s cheek.  “Everything’s gonna be fine.  There are more lifeboats.  I’ll get on one of them, and when a rescue ship comes we’ll meet there, okay?”
There was no answer, but Steve understood why—they were close enough to the door that the woman would be able to hear their words now.  They instead went quiet, going with her into the hospital.  Steve caught a flash of red hair before the door was shut behind them and the corridor plunged into darkness.  "Follow me," the woman said.  Steve had to wait a moment for his eyes to adjust, but then he took hold of Tony's wrist and followed the woman down the hall, making sure Tony stayed close by.  She led them up a flight of stairs, then down the hallway again before she stopped in front of a door and opened it, motioning them inside.
He tries to rationalize.  Tries to tell himself that he’s not responsible.  After all, he wasn’t the one who shot Steve.  That was Crossbones and someone else.  Besides which, there had been so many chances for Steve to do things differently.  Steve shouldn’t have gone underground.  He shouldn’t have tried to disable Tony’s armor the day Tony’s guys had led the rebels into a trap.  He shouldn’t have been so damned stubborn about everything.
Steve stands up.  “Maybe I should leave,” he says quickly, and Tony tries not to look too upset.  After all of that… he’s just going to leave him here?  “It… it was an experience getting to know you, Mr. Stark.  Ms. Bain.”  He turns to Tony, offering his hand, and Tony dazedly shakes it.  “Thank you for the dinner invite, Tony.”
, and yet he’s actually spending time with him… some kid from Brooklyn who could never afford university, much less attend one.  They’re still holding hands, and he wonders if Tony is aware of this.  “I wonder if there are dolphins here.”
Despite Steve’s earlier—and continuing, he suspects—embarrassment, he shakes his head, looking at Tony.  “Told you I was going to have dinner with you tonight, didn’t I?  I’m not going to turn away just because your father might get mad.”
She’s not very happy with him.  Not that she’s said as much, but it’s obvious in the glare she levels at him as they settle across from each other in the promenade.  “I checked in on you last night after dinner,” she says stiffly, one dainty hand picking up a crumpet and spreading jam onto it.  “You weren’t there.”
That explained some of the things Luke had said earlier during the standoff, at least.  "So what kind of fella is this Burnside?" Steve asked.  "Stark and I are headed south.  Should we be steering clear?"
They have their highs and their lows, but when they find Captain America frozen in a block of ice in the Atlantic Ocean, Tony knows right then and there that this is, and will always be, the greatest day of his life.
Steve glanced back at Tony.  It was hard to tell in the dark—they hadn't lit a fire—but he thought Tony looked tired, too.  "Let's sleep," he said.
Tony thinks about this for a while, thinks about everything he’s had to experience in the past 24 hours.
The battle of New York is over, and the Avengers are seated around a table, eating shawarma in a shop that is in pieces.
The child nodded. “SHIELD is where Aunt Peggy works. Sometimes she makes my father build things for them.”
“Cool. Bruce?”
He nudged past Bruce and Thor so that he was standing directly in front of Tony, who was grinning up at him as if he was the best sight in the world.
, god, those eyes. He wishes he could be anywhere but here right now.
However, if Bruce was going to say anything else, he didn’t get the chance, because Tony cut him off by handing him a list. Well, not so much ‘handing it to him’, more like ‘forcing it upon him’, but still.
“I don’t have time for your technicalities, Rogers. Let’s go.”
“Steve.” Nope. “Steve, when he comes back… it’s likely he’ll remember this time.”
thing to say, but he pushes the thought out of his mind. “Nope, not lying. It was you who found me, actually.”
No, Tony wants to say, he can’t. But he finds himself nodding anyway.
Steve quickly followed when Clint started walking, still carrying the child. “So do you trust me?” Another nod. “Okay, well we’re not going to the mansion, we’re going to a tower. Captain America and I live there, along with some of our friends. We’ll be taking care of you for a little while, okay?”
He’s run right around Manhattan by the time he returns to the tower, and the sun is now fully up, along with the people of New York. They smile at him and take pictures of him and he doesn’t put up a fight, just runs a little faster so he can get home quicker.
The others, now apparently deeming the living area safe to enter, come over to sit, Bruce curling up in a deep cushiony armchair, and Tony’s never seen him look so small before. It’s kinda scary.
There’s a tremble in his voice and already Phil is regretting this, regretting this whole goddamned situation, because of
But that’s not an option, so he puts on a smile and holds out a hand for the kid to shake. “That’s right,” he says. “Steve Rogers, at your service.”
Steve stands up abruptly and leaves the room without a word. So much for that.
Besides the general mourning over the loss of good people, Steve does not grieve. He is new to this world, hasn’t formed any proper attachments yet. He thinks, if he misses anyone, it is Agent Coulson. But ‘miss’ isn’t really the right term for it, not exactly. It is more a feeling of regret, that this man was willing to die for the Avengers, even though he wasn’t required to. Steve thinks that they would have been good friends. He will never know for sure, though. It is too late for that. He had looked at old files on the man, wanting to know what they had lost, and discovered that almost all the Avengers but for him had at least associated with him in the past.
Steve doesn’t know how to respond to that so he doesn’t, just keeps staring at the skyline.
Tony had worked with him a few times, might have even considered him to be a friend (vaguely speaking). At the very least, he knew that Pepper Potts had. Tony would never admit it, never let it show, but Steve could tell that the death had hit him pretty hard. Steve felt a desperate need to comfort him, but how, he had no idea. He chose to do it from a distance, making sure that Tony ate enough, that he slept enough. It wasn’t much, but it was all that he felt he could give.
Someone had said, mockingly, that maybe Steve should round up a few other superheroes and run a separate race. He had to work very hard to restrain from punching them, instead just making a joke and giving one of his trademark Captain America smiles.
Eventually, though, Tony must have realised something was up, because he cornered Steve one day. “Steve, have I done anything wrong?”
Steve, for the most part, avoided Tony like the plague. Sure, he saw him when everyone was together, but that was it. He was very careful not to be alone with him, because he had
“Can’t sleep?”
Gods are annoying, sometimes.
“We were.”
Tony. But it’s hard to separate the two when he’s hearing the same question he’d heard too many times to count when they’d first started dating. He hadn’t realised the self-doubt had started so young.
Tony leans closer to Rhodey and asks quietly “what just happened?”
Steve doesn’t have to ask what Tony means, because he’s watched him from a distance: struggling to understand technology
, not like Tony’s ever heard him before. “I’m just tired.”
There’d never been much point to making it exciting, when Tony spent all of his time in the workshop and Steve was either down there with him, in the gym, or in the living area. Now, though, Steve’s spending the majority of the time in here because it’s the only place that’s
He realises he’s been staring at Clint a moment too late, because when he takes notice of his surroundings everyone is looking at him carefully.
Bruce is sitting quietly, cross-legged on an armchair when they get up to the living area. When he catches sight of them he very nearly flinches, but quickly puts a soft smile on his face and jumps up, holding out a hand for Tony to shake.
“Yup, yes, go right ahead.” As Steve walked away, Tony quickly glanced round at Bruce, who was, at that point, doubled over in silent laughter, clapping his hands like a seal.
“Yes, sir?” Jarvis replies, but there’s something not quite right about his voice and Tony snaps his eyes open. The canopy above his bed isn’t there.
“You built a computer.” He frowns. “An artificial intelligence, you know what that is?”
“I have to go,” Thor says, looking into the sky and seeing something that Steve can’t. “Talk to him, Steve.”
He crouches down so that they can see eye to eye. “You built this
“No, you look fine. C’mon, get your shoes on. We’re running late.”
He slows himself down and stands, cautiously, across the room from Tony, looking straight into his eyes. “Agent Coulson was unavailable, so was Bruce,” he says. “I’m Agent Barton, you can call me Clint.”
“Can you even hear yourself, Tony? This idea is crazy. Possibly even crazier than the whole ‘hey, let’s create an artificial intelligence that wants to kill us all’ idea.”
He refuses to teach Tony how to shoot because, as he puts it, Big Tony will use it as a chance to put ‘fucking computers or some shit’ into Clint’s bows.
Having read the list, Bruce suddenly (and quite unexpectedly) burst out laughing, clapping a hand to Tony’s shoulder. “Oh man,” He said, pausing to allow for another fit of laughter “for a second there I thought you were actually serious.”
Coulson actually
Natasha had been one of Coulson’s closest friends, but he had never seen her shed even a single tear over him. She was a rock, unmoveable, instead putting all her energy into comforting Clint. Looking at the man, Steve could see why she would do that. The few times he saw him, his eyes were red from crying, even weeks after it had happened. His face was that of a broken man, and he put on a smile, and joked with others, but Steve could tell. He wondered if Barton would ever stop mourning the loss of… whatever it was that Coulson had been to him. He somehow doubted that he would.
~***~
But Steve was still awake, and try as he might he just couldn’t get to sleep, which is how he ended up in the main living area of the tower, curled up on the sofa in front of the TV.
“No, of course not.” And Steve was trying to fight his grin, really, he was, it just wasn’t really working.
“My name is Agent Phil Coulson, I’m with the Strategic Homeland Intervention and Enforcement Logistics Division. SHIELD. You know it?”
“My mother said if we didn’t have the ceremony on Asgard she’d disown me,” Thor replies.  “I don’t know about Earth.”
“Right now? And you didn’t think to tell me in advance? I could be busy, for all you know.” Tony raised an eyebrow at that, and Steve glanced down guiltily “Okay, so I’m not technically busy. But I might have been!” And the eyebrow went up again… “Fine, fine, I’ll come. Do I need to change into something fancier?”
Seven. Okay. That’s alright, he can deal with that. The mansion had more staff than that, anyway. “You’re all superheroes?”
He’s acting like something terrible’s just happened, and Tony has
It’s fine, he tells himself, even as he looks up and sees Iron Man falling from the sky.
Steve is scared.
Tony’s looking at the photos.
“Seven, including you. You’ve not met Steve and Natasha yet, but you’ll like them. Natasha’s scary but she’s
“So,” Tony says, slinging an arm around Steve’s neck and leaning back to look at him. “Love of your life, huh?”
Tony sees Coulson shoot a glance his way. “Language,” he mutters, at the same time Steve does, and oh, hey. Steve is here too.
“Obviously.” At that, Steve felt relief wash over him. Maybe the de-aging was only in appearance, maybe it hadn’t affected memory. “You’re wearing the uniform, after all. And my father’s been looking for you for as long as I can remember.”
of rubble. Clint and Natasha, lacking superhuman strength, helped among the ranks of the rest of the clean-up team, those people who cared so much about their city that they volunteered to help restore it. Steve helps clear the larger pieces, making space for the trucks to come through and remove what not even he can lift. He works longer shifts than anyone, from almost the moment he wakes up, to the moment he is ready to collapse from exhaustion. It’s not like he has anything else to do with his time, anyway. Tony, when he’s not too busy writing out cheques for various construction companies, puts on the iron man suit and lifts things (even heavier than what Steve could handle) out of the area. He thinks he sees Tony’s friend, Rhodey, flying around too, but he’s never really sure.
Natasha’s teaching him Russian swearwords which Tony doesn’t completely believe
There’s not much else the rest of them can do, so Steve calls back Clint and Natasha and they huddle by the SHIELD van as Thor arrives with Hulk, who promptly starts tossing the giant creatures into the Hudson as if they’re frisbees.
“Ah, right. Tony. If it makes you feel any better, I know exactly how you feel.”
“Oh, right, okay.” Steve still looked confused, but he held out his hand for Tony anyway. “Go ahead.”
“Talk to me any time, Cap,” he says finally, and with a grin and a mock salute he stumbles inside, leaving Steve on his own.
Clint waves his free hand around vaguely, taking a few moments to reply. “Missing someone,” he replies, voice suddenly turning dark. “Losing someone.”
admit it out loud. The first couple of days, he very patiently talks him through a few of the files SHIELD has cleared him to see, explains what happened to his parents, how he met Rhodey and Ms. Potts, what happened in Afghanistan, everything that’s happened since the Avengers formed. He takes him down to Big Tony’s workshop, shows him the suits and the arc reactors and, with JARVIS’ help, answers as many of Tony’s questions about the engineering that he can.
Tony gives him an offer to move into the tower. It’s probably not the best idea, but he accepts.
Tony got a tape measure out of his pocket, because of
“Sure thing, buddy. I’ll call Phil now.”
distant they had been until just then. “You’re not bothering me. I’m sorry I’ve been avoiding you, Tony. I’m just not that great with kids. Never have been, probably never will be.”
“I’m not sure how much we should tell him,” Coulson’s voice says over the phone. “I’m sure you understand, Steve, how important…”
“Again, we wouldn’t be late if you had told me about this.”
“I’m sure.”
The child – Steve couldn’t think of him as Tony, it seemed wrong – interrupted him, frowning slightly. “But he hasn’t found you. He got back from his trip last week, and he hadn’t found you. You’re not the
“Don’t look so surprised. It’s my job to know everything. But no need to worry, nobody else knows. Except Bruce, who you told earlier.” The agent paused for a moment, contemplating. “And Clint too, I suppose, since he’s currently hiding in the vents listening to this conversation. And if Clint knows, he’ll have texted Natasha about it by now, so… But Steve definitely doesn’t know. He’s always so oblivious like that.”
“It’s Master Stark, sir.”
“I’m here, sir,” comes Jarvis’ disembodied voice, and this time Tony jumps, because his brain is still trying to process the fact that this Jarvis isn’t
fun, but at least he’s buzzed enough to not think about Tony Fucking Stark for a while. Instead, he watches Tasha drink Clint under the table, and then proceeds to do the same to every guy that tries to flirt with her. At some point Thor gets up on a table to start singing and Steve turns to grin at Tony and Tony isn’t there. Obviously.
The child looked up at Steve, an expression on his face which was far too serious for a kid that couldn’t be older than… seven? Yeah, seven seemed about right. “And you’re Captain America.”
“No, no, it’s just that – um,” Tony stared at the ground, shuffling his feet awkwardly “All the others talk to me, and you don’t, really. Are you sure I didn’t do anything wrong?”
Tony doesn’t reply, but he also doesn’t move to leave, and Steve is too preoccupied with his coffee to notice for a few seconds. When he does look over at him to ask about it, his heart drops out of his chest.
Steve isn’t gonna do it, anyway. He trudges back to his room, perfectly ready to spend the next few hours there, or days or whatever, as they wait for Tony to get back. Maybe he should pack a go-bag, he thinks, just in case Tony’s mad and tries to kick him out.
“Um,” Tony says, and Steve nods for him to come in. “Clint told me to tell you that Thor told him to tell me to bring you this…” he looks down at the mug, “sludge, he called it.”
version of you.”
Tony patted his back, chuckling. “Aw, but Steve, how else am I supposed to get you to confess your undying love for me?”
“So we were…” Tony glances back at the photos for a second, then fixes his gaze back on Steve. “I mean, you and him – you were.”
, MIT was bad enough. You’ll have to ask our dear Captain about that one.”
, and officially becomes the first adult in his entire life to treat him like one. He buys him ice cream and takes him to play in the park, gives him piggybacks and takes him to movies and Coney Island and Tony had honestly never thought he’d get to do all that stuff. Being A Kid was for other people, not Starks.
After a few moments of watching him, Steve can no longer bear to see Tony like this, and he gently lays a hand on his shoulder, hoping that this makes him better, not worse (or at the very least, it makes no difference at all). He’s lucky, however, because the shaking slows, and Tony turns to face him. He looks an absolute wreck, and Steve finds himself at a loss for words. So he does the only thing that his brain is allowing him to do, and he leans forwards to press their lips together.
“I’d be worried if you didn’t.”
“I – “ Steve doesn’t know how to respond, or even if he should. Clint is a very,
~***~
Tony was stood very still, allowing the armour to disassemble itself (a function which was still in its experimental phase, but still), but he still allowed himself to say “Goddammit. Well I guess this night is ruined.”
“It’s just – “ he blushed “It’s weird sleeping in an empty bed.”
He doesn’t expect Rhodey to so vehemently say “nope, no, I am not having The Talk with you
, you asshole.”
, Tony heard him.
Steve figured it would be best if he explained this next part, considering that he was the team leader and all, so he started speaking, not quite looking at Tony but instead at a point on the wall
Bruce was the first to speak, quietly introducing himself. “Tony, I’m Doctor Bruce Banner.” He waited for Tony to nod in greeting before continuing. “We’re in the year 2015. There was a mishap with a spell, and the older version of you seems to have been replaced with” Bruce waved vaguely towards Tony “
It’s the least they can do. After all, they had helped to destroy it.
“Tony, hi. I’m Doctor Bruce Banner.”
“I see,” replies the man, and he mutters “memory loss” to no-one again.
Steve is fine. He’s fine. Steve is fine because Tony is fine. Well, he’s eight, but he’s alive. So, Steve is fine.
He sounded genuinely worried, and Steve had absolutely no idea how to respond. “Um… well, I – you know what? Let’s get you home, okay?” any of the other Avengers would be a million times better at explaining than him “We’ll get you into clothes that fit, and you can have some ice cream. You like ice cream, right?” Did kids like ice cream? Probably. Hopefully.
It’s hard not to smile, because it’s not sludge, it’s the strongest coffee money (and many, many connections) can buy, brewed for an excruciatingly long time until it’s basically pure caffeine and unbearable to the human taste buds. Steve doesn’t normally have time to brew it for himself, but normal doses of caffeine don’t work on him so this is practically ambrosia to him.
eyes, making it so hard to look at the kid, so he shuts down his expression, says “I have to go,” far more sharply than necessary, and turns on his heels to walk away before he can hear a response.
“Awesome. I sent Coulson to get me the greasiest breakfast he could find, so he’s probably in line at McDonald’s right now? You like McD’s?”
The pictures must have spread enough for the right, or rather
Well, it was his team. The team that he funded, in any case. He wasn’t lying, just… stretching the truth.
He can’t do it, though. It’s
“I’m not good with kids,” is what he says instead, watching Tony warily. “Do you want to sit down?”
the lab. When he realised that he was being unnecessarily slow, Steve quickly rushed into the lab, joining the others standing around Tony.
“Get the others, Hawkeye,” Steve orders, holding up his shield as he talks in anticipation of Natasha running towards him to take a jump, knives at the ready to stab in under the armour when she lands. “War Machine, you reckon you can lift them?”
Phil didn’t even look up when Tony walked into his office, didn’t even give a hint of annoyance at the fact that, once again, Tony had successfully broken through his security and entered his office. He did, however, greet him, still not removing his eyes from his paperwork. “Good evening, Mr Stark. What can I have the pleasure of helping you with today?”
“The empty bed,” Clint continues, ignoring him, “you get used to it after a while. Couple days. Nightmares come back, life goes on, y’know?”
“Jarvis?” he calls out, hoping to get a head start on this breakfast thing.
“I – “ Tony starts, voice cracking as he looks back over to Steve. “I thought you hated me.”
that he’s funny, so Tony’s poker face is getting very good very fast. Sometimes he’ll pop in and chat about nonsense with Tony for a while, always, now that he thinks about it, when he feels on the verge of freaking out. For the most part, though, Clint keeps to himself – he cooks dinner for everyone on his allocated nights, but most of the time when Tony goes looking for him he’s either in the gym or, more likely, on the range practicing shooting arrows.
Tony looked Steve up and down. In his old man attire, even his casual clothes looked pretty damn formal, and the restaurant was hardly going to turn away somebody that looked as good as
Fuck Thor, fuck Clint, fuck anyone who thought it would be a good idea to set this up. He’d kill them all.
Tony leapt up from his knees, finding himself face to face with Steve, his
swearwords, because he tried one on Clint and the man had doubled over laughing. He doesn’t mind, though. She’s cool. She’s the only one who treats him like a grown-up, letting him play with electrics and soldering irons and knives, once, before Ms. Potts found them and took her to her office for
As he opened up the box to reveal the rings, Steve’s eyes quickly darted between the rings and Tony, multiple times. Okay, so maybe he was a bit shocked. “Steve, it has recently come to my attention that I am in love with you. If you don’t feel the same, stop me talking at any time, but here’s the thing. I don’t want to date you. When I date people, things go wrong. It’s not pretty. I don’t want that to happen with you, so no. I don’t want to date you. But I also don’t want to not be with you, so obviously this was the most logical option.”
Clint’s an asshole, and Tony is absolutely relishing in the fact that he’s allowed to say that word. Clint thinks he’s very funny, which he is, but so far every single person he’s spoken to has told him not to let him
“Now, ladies and gentlemen, I’m going to kiss my boyfriend now, so avert your eyes if you wish.”
“Ooh, let’s watch
The tower seems much too big, too empty, with just the two of them living in it. Steve, who never really had enough space when he was growing up, isn’t sure what to make of it. It’s nice, obviously. The bed is without a doubt the most comfortable he’s ever slept on, and the man in the ceiling (he knew that JARVIS was a computer, couldn’t think of him like that) helps him to choose films and television shows to watch, music to listen to, and books to read. For want of something better to do, he gets caught up on popular culture pretty quickly.
– they get him back. Steve wonders briefly if he should be jealous, but he actually kind of gets it. Tony doesn’t exactly sing about his childhood from the rooftops, but sometimes, when it’s just the two of them lying in the dark, he’ll talk to Steve about the Peggy he knew, about the shiny badge he stole from her too many times to keep track, how he’d always trusted that she – and the agents under her – would have his back.
“Steve, I’m sorry. We’ll get him back.”
It’s not great that they get any media attention at
“What do I do?”
There is a
The lobby is blissfully silent when they step inside, and Phil walks straight past the receptionist and security guards to enter the Avenger’s private elevator. When they’re alone on the ride up, Tony speaks for the first time in an hour.
Turns out they really needed him.
There’s a knock at the door. Steve stays sat on the bed, waiting for the person to either go away or for JARVIS to identify them.
“Nothing from you, Captain, don’t worry,” Thor says, clapping him on the shoulder. “I’m heading back to Asgard to collect my mother, she’ll be able to reverse whatever this is.”
Thor looks at Tony in surprise. “Coulson said he’d caught you up on everything the Avengers have done, did he not…?”
Steve is asked to give a speech at SHIELD, to unveil a memorial wall. His speech is well written, carefully planned out, and he scraps it the minute he stands up at the podium. He cannot deliver something like that, something that seems so impersonal, when he is looking into the faces of agents whose eyes are still raw from crying. If asked, he probably wouldn’t even be able to name a single one of them, and he is once again reminded of how much he despises being this, this public figure. It would have been more fitting if another one of the agents did this. But this is the role he has to take, and he says a few words, painfully reminiscent of what he would have had to say when he was in the army, and he tries to give these people hope. The wall behind him is covered in the names of the deceased, far too many names. He glances at it; some of the names, he doesn’t even recognise. Others, he does, but cannot put a face to the name. There are only some that he truly knew, but not for very long. They died before he could become friends with them.
“Thor, go pick him up from the tower, you can explain this to him on the way over. Rhodey –“
“How many people live here?” he comes up with finally, because so far three separate people all claim to live with him, and sure Coulson did
he lived with his best friends but he didn’t think there’d be so many.
It’s not Tony inside the suit.
many clothes, almost as many as adult Tony had, and all from the same ridiculous designer stores he insisted on shopping at. She’d also picked up some toys, although Steve wasn’t entirely sure that they counted as ‘toys’, since they were more like things you’d expect to see in a workshop at MIT, not in a child’s room. But, he supposed, this was
this Tony yet, because he’d been hoping it would all be fixed by now and he’d be able to avoid all of… that. Steve’s been making his excuses to leave every time it starts to look like they’d cross paths, and everyone is too preoccupied with the whole mess to call him out on it.
Ah. “You, uh, you remember that?”
The battle of New York is over, and the Avengers are helping clear up the city.
it’s been a long three weeks.
Steve feels the corner of his mouth twitch at that, because it’s such a
He’s leaning heavily on Steve, too drunk to walk straight, and he probably won’t even remember this in the morning so Steve humours him. “Get what, Hawkeye?”
“And how do I know an alien?”
Tony, the kid, was completely new terrain, and it was terrifying.
a room would be easier than moving Steve
The next morning, Steve wakes up with no hangover, no headaches or pain or discomfort of any sort, and groans.
Steve won’t talk to him. He’s not sure what he’s done wrong.
“Doesn’t count, I was talking to little kid version of you, not the
, he was hardly ordinary.
wasting their money on ‘building toys’, as they so elegantly put it.
Tony. “You’re a superhero. Like me, like everyone else here. We’re a team called the Avengers, and we save the world sometimes.”
Bruce is nice. Tony spends most of his days down in his lab, sitting and playing with the toys Ms. Potts got him while Bruce tests his blood and squints at weird machines that Big Tony had apparently built for him. He knows that Bruce is working so hard because he wants Tony gone, wants his own Tony back, but he’s doesn’t take it personally. This is just what scientists do, they solve things. He doesn’t know what will happen if Bruce solves this, if he’ll go back to his own time or die or vanish or even just stay here, two Tony Starks. He’s not too worried about it, he knows his place and it’s clearly not here.
By the time he had arrived back at the tower, Tony had already come up with a waaaaaayy better plan than just buying a ring from a shop. He had thought it over and over, done every calculation he needed to do, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with the plan. It was foolproof. All he had to do was talk to Steve.
Steve was still looking at him, dumbfounded, and he realised what he’d forgotten to say. “Oh, right, yeah. Steven Grant Rogers, will you marry me?”
Having asked JARVIS to find Steve for him, Tony walked upstairs and went towards the sofa where Steve was sitting alone, drawing. “Get up and put some shoes on, Rogers, we’re going to a restaurant.”
It’s not a question, it’s an order. Tony struggles for a moment, moving to sit upright, and pulls off the oxygen mask. He keeps his face expressionless, looks straight into the man’s eyes. “Tony Stark,” he says, voice level. This is nothing he’s not been through before.
Steve feels like he’s going to vibrate out of his skin.
“You want breakfast?” Clint asks, and wow, Tony had forgotten how hungry he was in all the excitement. His stomach rumbles before he has the chance to reply.
That’s it. Tony’s voice isn’t in the mix.
been affected. “Do you – “
As he watches him walk away, Steve thinks back, tries to work out when it was that he had fallen in love with Tony Stark, and why he hadn’t realised this sooner.
It’s at midnight, on one of the many nights that sleep evades him, that Steve runs into Tony in their shared kitchen. The other man has his back to him, gripping the counter so tightly that his knuckles are white, and he is shaking violently. If he is also crying, Steve wouldn’t know. He cannot see his face. This is nothing like the Tony Stark he had come to know, who always seemed so strong and uncaring. It’s as if he is a completely different person, and Steve isn’t sure whether or not he has a right to be seeing this, if he should stay or if he should return to the safety of his own room.
Tony fell asleep pretty quickly after everything had been sorted out. In fact,
It’s not much help to him, however, that the paparazzi are camped outside the entrance, yelling “Agent! Agent, who’s the kid? Is he yours? What are the Avengers doing right now? Do you have a secret family? Does one of your teammates?” as he fights through the crowd, a shell-shocked Tony that, thankfully, nobody has recognised, clutching at his wrist.
The battle of New York is over, but it will probably never leave their minds.
Tony was stood in a Tiffany’s store, wearing a hat and sunglasses in order to try and stop people from recognising him as he entered. This wasn’t really something that he wanted to be public knowledge. Unfortunately, though, since he was inside, he was expected to take them off. The shop attendants were already glaring at him. Probably thought he was going to try and steal something.
Tony looks over at Rhodey who, clearly uncomfortable, slides off his seat and heads over to the kitchen, where the rest of the team seem to have retreated to as well. Natasha looks the same as always, besides a barely noticeable twitch in her right eye when she looks over at Clint and Coulson. Bruce looks like a different person, pale and exhausted and in weirdly ill-fitting clothes. He has no idea if Steve looks normal or not, because he’s only seen the guy a couple of times, and the last guy must be Thor, who Rhodey told him is either a god or an alien, but either way is super cool and he can
Thing is, though, Steve had kind of been hoping Thor
“He’s awake,” the man mutters, though to whom Tony isn’t sure. He stops thinking about it so much when the man points a gun at him. “Who are you.”
, whatever it is, before, so he raises his chin and asks “have my parents been contacted?”
Had he just…? “I-I…” Tony Stark, stunned speechless. He was just glad nobody else was there to see him. He didn’t think he’d be able to stand the laughter.
turn out to be his favourite, even though he would never,
Tony continued babbling excitedly to JARVIS for a few minutes, before he apparently got all the answers he needed, because he addressed the Avengers again, his expression once again serious. “You said there was a spell. Magic isn’t real.”
Coulson’s voice starts to cut in over Clint’s, snapping “Hawkeye, those arrows have not been cleared for use, don’t you dare – “ but it’s too late, because the first two arrows have already hit and Steve’s not completely sure what’s happening but they’re doing
“So what are we watching?” Thor asks, and Tony reckons he might just be his new favourite.
“The voice?”
he had a tape measure in his pocket, and carefully started measuring each of Steve’s fingers. As he did so, he (very casually) asked “Oh yeah, and is it also okay if I borrow your shield? Just… upgrades. I’ll make it lighter, etcetera, etcetera.”
He shrugs. “Because he’s the love of my life.”
“You are in Stark Tower, sir. I’m fetching Agent Coulson now.”
He doesn’t say that, though. It’s those
A strong hand grabs his arm and he just crumbles, stopping in his tracks and collapsing into Tony’s arms, because Jesus Fucking
~***~
serious.” He even added his most sincere face, the one he normally saved for convincing his shareholders that no, he was
People are always saying how running helps clear the mind, leaves you with only one thing to focus on. That’s never been the case for Steve. When he was a scrawny kid with something to prove, running was pain and wheezing and knees buckling under the pressure. Now, running is so effortless that he doesn’t have to think about it at all. His joints never ache, his breathing is never laboured, he never breaks a sweat. He could probably keep up the same pace indefinitely, but anyone who’d tried to test that (read: Tony) had got bored after the first few hours.
The room became silent again, nobody sure quite what to say. It was Clint that broke the silence, saying “But the older you
“Carefully thought out? I swear to God, Stark, if you’re using that stupid meme again…”
“Jarvis is your what, your butler?” Clint asks, and Tony nods even though it’s stupid, even though Clint should know that because he’s
a terrible husband, I’m sure,” says Clint, reappearing from the corridor. Natasha looks at him questioningly, and Clint shrugs. “Got kicked out for ‘being a dick’. What are we watching?”
“Yeah.”
“Let him in,” he says, and instantly the door opens gently, revealing an awkward looking Tony standing in the doorway, holding a mug and shuffling from foot to foot.
He doesn’t finish the sentence, apparently doesn’t need to because Clint has already jumped up and started leading him away, leaving the rest of them in awkward silence.
He takes Tony to SHIELD’s medical department, doesn’t leave his side as they patch him up, taking the time to reassure Steve that he’s fine, the damage is only minor. The pain in his chest doesn’t lift until Tony is leaving, going back to his tower to ‘rest’. It’s unlikely that he
Clint is there, though, and he squints at Steve like he doesn’t quite recognise him, so Steve decides it’s time for them to go home.
Oh. Steve felt guilty, because at least Tony was still
So, off came the hat and glasses, and before he had gotten the chance to even glance in the cabinets, everyone was suddenly flocking around him, desperate to please. He picked one of the assistants, not wanting to have to go around the store with a trail of people, and told her that he was looking for a ring. She dashed off, almost immediately returning with a selection of rings to show him. They were all stunningly beautiful, this was Tiffany’s, of course, but none of them seemed like the right thing to give Steve. They were the kind of rings he would have used to propose to Pepper, had their relationship ever gone to that stage, but for Steve they all seemed wrong. Too impersonal.
He’s not actually
Thor is not a subtle man, so Steve wonders how zoned out he must have been for the guy to sneak up on him like that. He’s out on the landing pad watching the sunrise, ignoring the way his head is screaming at him to just
Clint must have seen, because he suddenly appeared at Steve’s side, rolling his eyes before scooping the child up into his arms. “Hey, kiddo. My name is Clint Barton, I’m an agent of SHIELD. You know SHIELD, right?”
“I think…” Clint starts, and then mutters ‘goddammit, Tony’ under his breath like Tony isn’t right next to him. “It’s been over thirty years. There’s no cure for old age, Tony, I’m sorry.”
At home, keeping Tony distracted so he doesn’t worry. They’d each taken their turns offering to stay in his place, but he’d insisted they wouldn’t need him.
If more than three Avengers leave Stark Tower at the same time, people notice. People assume they’re headed out on a mission, so they get out their phones and they snap and they tweet and, of course, they call the press. It’s less than ideal.
~***~
Obviously.
As soon as he finished speaking, Tony grabbed Steve’s shirt and pulled him in for a kiss, grinning as the rest of their team made disgusted noises and started leaving the lab.
“Oh,” Tony says, and Steve thinks maybe that’s the end of it, that he won’t have to drag this conversation out any longer. “Why?”
.” Tony was grinning, glancing around the room to work out where to look when talking to JARVIS. This was the most enthusiastic Steve had seen Tony since the whole de-aging thing. It was nice, it made him seem more like his older self.
And it’s
Maybe it would be best if Steve cleared off for a while. Boston, maybe. DC. Anywhere but New York, because sure, he was delaying their meeting, but if he could just – if he could skip the part where Tony recognises him, where Tony resents him, and just come home when everything is back to normal. That would be. Easier. For everyone.
“No! No, I definitely didn’t…” In fact, it was the exact opposite of that. But Steve wasn’t about to say that to young Tony when he hadn’t even said it to the
, in Phil’s opinion. Getting on the news for saving the world is one thing, but when the whole of America seems desperate to know about their personal lives? Well, Phil’s just lucky that, besides Tony, most of the time the Avengers only get recognised out of uniform if they’re coming in or out of the tower – any other time and they’re able to blend in with the crowd, maintain their secret identities.
Tony is not allowed to have McDonald’s, so he doesn’t know, but he kind of really wants Clint to like him so he nods enthusiastically. “I’ll have whatever you’re having.”
“Where’s Jarvis?” Tony asks, and Clint pulls in a sharp breath. “Is he okay? His voice…”
Tony paused for a moment, considering what he’d just said, before stating “You loved him.”
He gets out of bed and pulls on some workout gear, not bothering to look at the clock beside his bed; he already knows he only slept a couple hours. It’s probably not even light outside yet, god.
person, would care to see. That is not the sort of thing that you can integrate into casual conversation.
With great effort, he turns his head to the side, careful not to wince in pain. There’s a plain, tired-looking man in a suit sat beside his bed, who tenses at Tony’s movement.
Tony shakes his hand carefully, peering curiously at him. “Are you
Ah. Yes, Bruce was right. That would cause a tiiiiiiny bit of a problem. Nothing that Tony couldn’t handle, of course, but it would make everything just slightly more difficult. Although, in the whole two hours he had had the idea in his mind, this fact probably should have occurred to him at some point. Oh well, no reason to give up because of a minor thing like that. “Details, details. Whether or not we’re ‘dating’ is irrelevant. I want to marry Steve Rogers, therefore I am
He looks ill, Tony thinks. There are dark circles under his eyes, standing out like bruises on his tanned skin.
“Agent Barton.” The AI greeted before talking to Tony “Hello, Master Stark. My name is JARVIS, and you created me.”
He understands what Coulson is saying. They can’t afford to do anything that might overwhelm Tony, because if at 44 the man is considered a flight risk, at 8 they might as well consider him gone. “Bruce is our best bet, I’ll clear the others out.”
“Yes, I’ll call Pepper. He’ll need clothes, and a – and a room, I suppose.”
His room – Tony’s room, the room they share, is actually quite small. Maybe small is the wrong word, because Steve’s pretty sure it’s the size of his old apartment in Brooklyn, but that’s what everyone says when they see it. That it’s smaller than they’d expected.
“My…” Clint paused, trying to find the right word to use “…My better half died in the battle of New York. I’ve barely been able to sleep since.”
Clint sticks his middle finger up at him, grinning at Tony when he catches him looking.
“Hold on just one moment, okay?” Once the armour was finally off him, Tony slowly took the small box out of his pocket, shuffling awkwardly. “Well, I suppose now is as good a time as any…”
place yourself, Tony,” he says, voice soft and patient, carefully ignoring the tears Tony was trying to blink away. “And you live here with all your best friends, and you have a workshop where you build things all day.”
“Roger that, Rogers,” comes the reply, and it’s the fifth time Rhodey’s made that joke today and Steve is ready to
“The year is two-thousand and fourteen, you’re usually 44. There was an incident.”
And all because they couldn’t stop it fast enough.
Tony blinks once, twice. He’s not in his bed, he’s not in his room. The ceiling is bright white, sterile. There’s a tube in his arm and a mask on his face, and he can hear monitors beeping over the quiet hustle and bustle outside. So a hospital.
Tony shrugs. “Can’t be very good if the press knows who you are.”
’, but Steve could tell that he was happy to help out in Tony’s absence. Although, every time he showed up, he looked more worried, more stressed. Steve supposed it was fair. The longer Tony stayed a kid, the less likely it was that they’d get him back, and he doubted that Rhodey was ready to lose his best friend.
God, Tony hated how his tone was dripping with sarcasm with every word he said. He just wanted to punch that smug little – but no. Coulson was, in vague terms, a friend, and friends don’t go around punching each other. “You’re in love with Steve.” He figured it would be best to just cut straight to the chase, as usual.
Steve looks at him, finally. Not in the eyes, but close enough.
Bruce added to that with “and you’re a really important part of that, so I’ll be working as hard as I can to get you back to the right age.”
Getting down on one knee was not something that Tony ever thought he’d do, but there he was, doing exactly that, in front of Steve. Well, he supposed, the man always did drive him to do crazy things.
“You’re eight?” The man asks, and Tony nods. “Shit.”
“No,” Clint says, grabbing Coulson’s elbow and steering him towards an armchair. “No, this is not acceptable. You were meant to stay in surveillance, what were you doing out in the
The marathon had been interesting. He’d won, of course. Broken a few world records, before the various athletics boards had decided superhumans weren’t allowed to compete against the regular folk and disqualified him.
he shouldn’t have jinxed it. Tony and Steve glanced at each other, sharing a look that said ‘what can you do about it?’, before Tony called his suit, and Steve got to evacuating the restaurant-goers.
Clint saying “what the fuck have you done to yourself, sir?” is the first thing Tony hears as the Avengers arrive back in the tower after their quick debrief.
~***~
He’s leaning against the wall in the corridor outside Bruce’s lab, watching through the window as Bruce scans him with just about every machine he has and Tony ignores him to play with Legos, and he’s scared.
“PhD,” Bruce replies, so quickly that his words practically cut Tony’s off. He nods in approval. “Bio-chemistry and nuclear physics.”
need him. There’ve been days – most days, in fact – where Steve just want to scream, rip his hair out and break everything around him because he feels so fucking
Steve walks out without saying anything. Because apparently that’s just what he does now.
It’s been a week now, and nothing seems to be changing. They’ve been trying non-stop to get hold of Thor, with no luck, and it’s wearing on everyone.
Tony buries his face in Steve’s shoulder, hand reaching up to brush through his hair. “It’s okay, Steve. You did what you had to do.”
“How many do I have?” Tony leaves Phil’s side to go and sit down with Bruce.
“Yes, I really do.”
It’s fine, Steve thinks. It’s probably fine. The blast probably just messed with his systems, he’s fine.
“Steve, wait,” Tony calls out behind him, and Steve can hear from his footsteps that he’s jogging to catch up with him. “
They’d all helped to set up one of the many spare rooms for Tony to sleep in, making sure that it was as comfortable as possible for him. The poor kid was exhausted; it had been a very eventful day for him.
“Oh shut up, Stark,” he says, and crashes their lips together before Tony gets a chance to respond.
Captain America? Coulson said you weren’t dead but I thought he was lying. Spies lie a lot.”
“Okay, well then I hate to break this to you, but you’re going to need my help planning.”
“Yeah, I’ll bet he did,” Clint says with a smile, and steps closer. “Can I sit?”
“Phil, do you need – “ Bruce starts, looking worried about
It’s been hard enough trying to justify it to
~***~
It’s not the same, he thinks. He’s reminding himself, over and over, that this kid isn’t Tony. Not
rest, of course, Tony never does as he’s told, but at least he’s safe.
“Hey, Cap. You miss me?”
Tony wakes up in a huge, comfortable bed. The room around him is peaceful, the sheets are probably – no, definitely silk. It was a dream. It was all a weird, crazy dream, and now he’s going to open his eyes and get up and Jarvis will be making him breakfast.
“No, Mr Stark. I’m not. I generally try leaving the whole ‘being in love with Captain America’ thing to you.”
“I get it, y’know,” Clint says as they’re walking home, an arm thrown round Steve’s shoulders. “I get it.”
Bruce must have understood, because he quickly stifled his laughter, his expression once again returning to its usual calm state. “You really want to do this?”
“Are you Steve?” a small voice asks, pulling Steve out of his thoughts with a jump.
He sighs, and turns to look at Thor. “What do you need?”
“You’re also kind of oblivious.” He gave an exasperated sigh, quickly holding his left hand up for Tony to see. How on earth had he not noticed the ring before? “No, I am not in love with Steve Rogers, because I am very much in love with my partner. This conversation is over, goodbye.”
, he couldn’t help but think with a grin. “Can I kiss you now?”
It looked like Tony was still unconvinced, so he continued. “I was… very close to the older you. And I wouldn’t expect you to understand, but every time I look at you I’m expecting to see him. But it never is, and it hurts me inside.”
Cap gave him a suspicious look.  "Why?" he asked.
himself—Steve’s the one who suggested the “break”, after all, so it’s not like Steve would care if Tony goes to do his own thing.
Rogers raised an eyebrow at him, taking a sip from his own mug.  “You have gashes on your chest and at least one fractured rib, Tony.  That sort of thing warrants medical attention, and last I checked, neither of us are doctors.”
"Walk," Tony uttered.  "And don't make a sound."
Tony sighed, letting his attention drift.  This would make a hell of a storyline for
"We know who you are, Tony Stark," Yinsen translated.  "You are an American weapons inventor, and we are very interested in your work.  Create something for us, and we will have a surgeon save your life."
.  But it’s not a bad burn.  Or at least, not as bad as it could be.  And Steve knows it’ll get better.  Eventually.  Soon.  He hopes.
“You get out and do all the fun stuff while I shoot things from my hidey hole,” Tony said.  “Yes.  Got it.”
"And now I'm here making one of these voicelog doohickeys," Steve finished.  He paused, and Tony could hear him let out a long yawn. "I know this is still just a dream.  A long dream, a very real-feeling dream, but still a dream. And dreams end. I'm gonna sleep soon, and when I wake up, I think you'll be gone, but I hope you'll come back.  You're the nicest dream I've had in a long time." There was another pause as Steve inhaled, exhaled, taking his time. "Good night, Tony. Steve, out."
And sometimes, his - soul, or something - switched places with Tony's, and they each lived as the other person for a day.
"Down!" Rhodey shouted, just as they heard a distinctive
It was as… unbelievable to look at, really, as it had been when he'd first seen it in the morning.  It was
Natasha nodded.  "I'll leave you two to it," she said.  "Stay as long as you need.  There are more elastic bandages in the next room for Tony's ankle."  With that, she left, and Steve and Tony were alone in the room.
getting rest, he wanted to say—ten years' worth of it, in fact—but he held his tongue and nodded instead, though he wasn't even sure if Stark could see him.  What was the point in staying up if they were just going to snipe at each other?  He headed back to the bed he'd been lying in and sighed.  "You get some rest too," he said finally.  Stark had looked like he needed it.
that he absolutely must have this gorgeous man, one way or another.
When the lifeboat keeps on moving away, he looks around frantically, trying to find something,
Cap returned moments later, dragging the suit along.  It had taken a lot less time than Tony had expected—Tony had no idea how the Army had managed to find such a pinnacle both personality- and strength-wise, but it was commendable.  "How are we doing?" he asked.
"Get away from him!" Steve cried, sending the shield flying again—the angle wasn't a good one, though, not if he didn't want to hurt Tony as well, and though the shield hit Tem and sent him sprawling, it landed with a clatter in a corner of the room.
"How dare you - " Tony's Pa began.
"Thank you," Natasha whispered.  "You should finish eating first.  When you leave… go through the southwest entrance.  There are no traps there."
And then Tony realizes that he doesn’t actually give two shits about whether or not his father is proud.
It couldn't last forever, though.  Not too long afterward, Steve heard the sound of footsteps approaching, and he looked up to find Luke standing there, looking at them.  He gave them both an odd glance, but nonetheless continued, "If you two are planning to hang around for the night I'll take first watch.  I think the three of you have dealt with enough shit for today."
"Good night, Mom," Steve managed.  He stayed seated in his chair as she straightened, blew him a kiss, and left, taking the lavender scent with her and leaving him feeling an odd mix of emotions.  Disappointment, because after waiting the whole day to see Tony's Pa, he was left empty-handed. Relieved, because if he were being honest with himself, he'd been a little scared of the prospect.  And sad, because… Tony's Ma had looked sad. Tony seemed to think so highly of her, Steve couldn't help but just… want the best for her. And it didn't really seem like she had that. He wanted to cheer her up.
"I'm assuming this isn't a good thing," Cap said as alarms started to go off, lights blaring all around.  His voice was almost admirably neutral, sounding unconcerned even as the airship shuddered beneath them.
, he thinks, and he doesn’t want to share them with anyone.
"Everything," Stark repeated slowly, as though it were a new word he'd never heard before.  He inhaled deeply, staring down at his hands, then exhaled.  "Everything.  Okay.  Well.  For starters, it's 1954."
you?”
Rogers to know.  He could only imagine his reaction at finding out that Tony didn’t have very much longer to live, despite the constant recharging he did.  Sooner or later, it wouldn’t be enough.  And sooner or later, he’d drop dead.  He’d already exhausted much of the known sources of magic he’d gotten his hands on, and this Savage Land was one of his last hopes.
Tony pointed the flashlight in various directions around him.  They seemed to be at the start of a tunnel, but he didn’t have enough light to tell how far it went.  Still, it seemed to be safe, and he had his gauntlets if they ran into any trouble.  “Yeah,” he said.
The woman looked at him, then at Steve.  Her eyes went wide, but before Steve could comment on it, she spoke.  "That would be appreciated," she admitted.  "If you two gentlemen have the time."
Another biter came tumbling from above, but it hit the ground head-first and didn't move again.  Steve inhaled, exhaled.  "Thanks.  I guess.  Are you okay?"  Tony's shirt was torn, and it didn't seem like it had happened just now.
Tony stared at him.  He was older, Steve realized.  Not a lot older, but there were a few creases that hadn't been there before, a few more white hairs that had once been black.  But Steve still found him beautiful.
This was it, his escape route.  There was only a railing and—well, more distance than he'd like between himself and the ground—separating him from freedom, and he was going to take it.  Narrowly avoiding some of the biters that had already made their way up here, he jumped over the railing, holding his shield underneath him and curling up above it.
“What is it?” Tony asked, frowning.  God, he hoped this wasn’t his way of letting him know he had to do his business, though he supposed it would be better than just letting loose without warning.  Rogers pawed at the wall again, looking back at him.  Tony sighed, shining the flashlight against him, trying to figure out what he was getting so worked up over.
Sharon finds Tony later, furious at him for sneaking Steve’s body out of the hospital without telling her—and like most of the world, she, too, blames Tony for his death, and perhaps rightly so.  Somewhat more composed now—on the outside, at least—he manages to calm her down enough to show her what’s happened to Steve’s body, which is now suddenly, unexpectedly back to its pre-serum self.  Her fury, however, starts up again almost seconds later as she rounds on him, looking murderous.  “What did you
Steve blinked at him again, then gave him a tentative smile.  That was good.  “We’re going to have to talk about this later,” he said.  Less good, but okay.  He then looked down at himself, prodding at the pelt hanging off him.  “Is this… was this my skin?”
But in the end, apparently he hadn't needed to spend so much brain power fretting over all that, because all his answers were right here in this journal.  He knew exactly what had happened to his Steve Rogers, the plucky kid from Brooklyn who fought bullies so others didn't have to.
made it sound, though," Tony said, shaking his head.  "I managed to avoid poison ivy smoke inhalation and bullets in most of those."
“Quiet,” his father snaps.
As soon as she was gone, Tony came up to Steve, placing a hand against his shoulder.  "Hey," he said softly.  "We should go."
"What are you doing?" she asked.
"So are we gonna just stand around, or go in?" Pepper asked finally.  "Because I want to go in.  Don't wait up."  Turning on her own flashlight, she headed down the stairs, the rest of them following after her.
Rogers snorted, giving him an unperturbed look, like he was saying
Unbelievable.
Tony opens his eyes then, and even though he expects it, it’s still a punch to the gut when he sees the coffin and not Steve.  “I’ll never forget you,” he whispers, and then he pushes himself onto his feet.
“It was nothing,” Tony replied.  Keeping the bitterness off his face he could do.  Keeping it out of his voice, apparently, was much harder.  “Let’s go.”  He’d risked hours he didn’t have in order to pursue this, and now it was all for nothing.
—not that new issues had been written since the war started, but still.  Maybe once they got back—because, of course, they
.  Tony stares at him, mouth agape, and then he looks back at the crew member—oh.
"Well, we came to deliver her stuff, and now we're leaving," Tony said cheerfully.  "So if you could crank that big door open for us…"
, because it was Rogers, and not a wild sabretooth.  But
Pepper cleared her throat.  "Have your supersonic plane fly me over so I won't be late next time," she said.
“He’s not vile,” Tony replies.  He downs another cup and refills it again.  God, he loves coffee.  “And are you two seriously at the point where you have to send people to go off and stalk me now?  Isn’t that kind of creepy?”
Maybe, he thought, just maybe, Steve was already in there.
That was a shame, because Tony had no idea what Cap was talking about.  "It makes sense?" he prodded anyway.
Tony glances down at it, then nods, looking a little dazed.  “Yeah.  Thanks.”
Panicking, he stops dead in his tracks, turning back to look at Steve.  No matter what happens between him and Howard, it seems that at the very least, he doesn’t want to see Tony die—and that means something, it really does, but—but—”I-I can’t get on,” he tells Steve.  “Not without you.”
“So what
“Fine.  Full disclosure.  I was thinking about my metal plate when I reached out to touch the gem.  I also
So when the radio finally crackled to life, it was all Tony could do to keep himself from leaping forward and grabbing onto the box, though he did curl his fingers around the microphone, trying to keep himself from shaking.  It would be okay, he told himself.  Steve had survived the fight.  They would land the plane and everything would be okay—
"That's not something I want to be part of, Maya," he said softly as he carefully took a few steps back in return.  "Please.  Just escape while you still can."
"You're right," he said at last.  He sat up despite the protests of his body, pushing the blanket down.  "We have to go back to the airship."
Steve jolted, as though shocked by the sudden conversation.  His gaze drifted for a moment, but soon enough it refocused, landing on him.  "What do you want?" he asked softly.
Steve ducked his head a little, looking contemplative.  "Nothing, huh?" he finally murmured.
"Sure," Steve said.  It could be worse. It could be a
went the bullets as they struck the ground around him; Tony twisted his body reflexively in response, squinting in the brightness.  And though a part of him was still afraid, knowing that from the way they were shouting and shooting that their goal wasn't to disable, but to kill, a bigger part knew that he had no choice but to fight back and
"Do you want to subject Jessica to a room filled with bodies?  Some of these people were probably her friends!"
Steve bit his lip.  "And what changed?"
He looks back at the lifeboat, and then he looks at the ring, the sapphire shining in the starlight, and from there he thinks back to holding out his hand to Steve, asking him to put on the other ring.
"Santos-Dumont," Cap said.
Sunset, meanwhile, snakes up to Tony, leaning forward to whisper into his ear.  “Maybe he took it while you were getting dressed again.”
He was pointing at the ground.  Steve followed his gaze, his eyes going wide as Jessica gasped.  There were bodies there, the concrete beneath them red with blood and bodily matter.  "Jesus," he breathed.  Beside him, Jessica turned and buried her face in her hands.
And here we are at the end.  As promised, I'm linking again to the lovely art by
"Oh, Stevie," she said once she was done, wrapping the ice in a piece of cloth.  Afterward, she approached him and cupped his face, looking at him searchingly. Steve wasn't sure what she was trying to find, but apparently she was satisfied because she kissed his forehead, then put the cloth over his eye.  Steve had to assume it already looked visibly bruised. "Was it the Huggins boy again?"
“Stop fretting,” Tony interrupted before Rogers could get on a roll.  “Look, it’s okay.  We know our way back.  Besides, we haven’t even explored the whole place yet—”
“He brushed it off,” Steve supplies, and Tony nods.  “So that’s why she wants me to bring it up to him.”
."  His voice was sharp and cutting and
And the fragment… it
Tony realizes the thing he most feared is true days after Steve is laid to rest.
Sharon slaps him.
.  “I think you’re interesting,” he says.  “And you’re hurting, and I want to help you.  And I think there’s a lot to you that no one knows about, and that’s a shame.”  …Also, he’s really ridiculously good-looking.  But it’s probably best not to voice that thought out loud.
Steve stepped inside, and as soon as he did, all his misgivings about dreaming of a boarding school fell away.  There was - there was
And so they left, quietly following the road and heading west; Steve was trusting Stark to lead them true.  Despite the way Stark had come off last night, he didn't seem as eager to kill as Steve had feared, preferring to quietly evade anyone they came across instead of attacking them.  As a result, leaving the cabin was actually much less eventful than Steve had expected, but he supposed that was a good thing.  Maybe that one woman would be the only one who died by their hands.
.  “All we’ve done is
it would work.  It was the only thing that made sense.
Before he could say anything more, though, Steve turned around and dashed away, vanishing into the foliage.
"I'll remember," Steve replied after a moment.  "Thanks… Jarvis."
"So you wanna go or not?"
happy,” he says at last.  “I’m going to be happy.  I’m engaged and soon I’ll marry Sunset and—and my father will be happy.  Okay?”
," Pepper said, and this time her smile was more genuine.  She leaned down and kissed his forehead.  "Be good, okay?"
Tony tapped his fingers against his sheets.  "Pepper's going to go back to the Pacific after this," he said.  "And Rhodey's going back to the front lines, too.  But I don't have any front lines to go back to.  The Army doesn't accept people with hearts like mine."  He cleared his throat again, even though he didn't really need to.  "I can do theoretical work anywhere, not just stateside.  I can do it and do other things at the same time."
Finally, military man.  This was the most troubling, because Tony had had his fair share of run-ins with military lackeys during the War.  But he was Iron Man, and in the end, he could still go off and do whatever the hell he wanted.  But
Finally, the lights come back on—he’d feared that they were off for good—and he peels himself away from the wall, hyperventilating.  He—he can’t stay here too long.  He needs to move.  So he pushes all the crap away and exits the room, heading up the hall and passing by where Steve is along the way.  He considers opening the door, which has managed to shut again, to check in on him, but no, he shouldn’t.  There’s no
“But not exactly just as bad,” Tony replied, clapping him on the back.  “Semantics is everything.  Relax, Steve.  I’m alive and you are refreshingly human.  We should be celebrating, really.  Know if this airship has a bar?”
Tony blinked the sleep away from his eyes and nodded to himself.  It was a Steve day today. That was fine - Tony had had some plans for the next time he was Steve, and now it looked like he'd have his chance to implement them.
