The couple look at each other, unimpressed, like all of it was boring and they would get what they wanted, one way or another.
-Really? Oh, then I think we shouldn’t be together ‘cause what you just described seems awful, almost like… What was it? OH YEAH, my whole life! Do I seem to give a fucking shit if we have a house with a white fence or live in shitty motels and my car? ‘Cause I don’t, I just want to be with you, damn it!
“Platonic type of confession? You think I’m that stupid? I know it wasn’t platonic, Cas, it doesn’t take much to understand that! What, you think my ‘I love you’ was platonic too? Me? Dean Emotionally-Stunted Winchester. Are
The place started changing, Dean could see everything transforming into his childhood house. He could see himself as a young adult, maybe still a teenager, it was hard to tell, sitting at the dinner table. The demon smiled, still in his father’s form.
-You think I don’t know you? There is no way of knowing someone more than seeing their soul. I saw yours. You saw my true form, we both know each other well enough to see who we really are. And Dean, you are
-So you and your low self-steam, trust issues and abandonment issues can understand that I do like you but right now we need to get out of Hell.
kissing him. This is happening. Of course Dean stops it, because he’s Dean, so that’s obviously something he would do.
“We’ll lose. I just led us into another trap.” BAM, the sigil on the door shines and starts to slowly fade… “All because I - - I couldn’t hurt Chuck.” BAM, again, and now is clear that sigil won’t hold for much longer. “Because I was angry and because I just needed something to kill and because that’s all I know how to do.”
-What? Alastair thinks I’m ready to teach already? It was about damn time. Take a seat; we have all the time in the world and this pathetic, annoying, whining little bitch will be the class of today.
Still, his ego wasn’t bruised whatsoever. Even after begging for something that didn’t happen. He would keep begging every second of every day for the rest of his life if he thought that that would do any good.
And then, Cas did it. Step 1 was done, soul back in one piece. Step 2: reconstruct Dean atom by atom. Cas took his time here. It was the first time he was actually interacting with Dean’s body, and yet he felt like coming home, like he was on a road where he knew exactly where he had to go, what he had to do, allowing him to appreciate the view, the journey, every turn, every muscle, every freckle, every strand of hair.
-Like, your hand on my shoulder was the first time we touched, right? You did that to make me believe you and get out of the pit. Maybe could you leave a mark of that? Like a tattoo, something like that.
– the angel still can’t understand why the human was having so much trouble believing he was there to save him. Looking deep in his soul, he can see. Castiel sees everything. –
-So Cas-- can I call you Cas? – Dean didn’t ask people if they were ok with nicknames, but after seeing how easily the angel put demons to a nap, he certainly didn’t want to piss him off.
So Dean laid down comfortably between Cas’ legs, his own dangling from the bed and grabbed the lube to pour it onto his fingers. He didn’t have to wait long until it was warm enough to let one circle and breach the tight ring of muscles. Cas relaxed easily into it.
“Demons,” Cas said faintly before the woman took a step forward, eyes flashing black. Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck.
Cas shot a last look at Dean, then started reading. It rolled off his tongue easily and Dean felt the same power behind every syllable he had the first time Cas had read in Enochian at Bobby’s, which seemed like forever ago.
“There’s still the car,” Dean reminded them. “We’re just lucky he came alone and not with a driver.” He turned to his husband. “And you’re not doing anything here. You can burn down the house.”
“How’s it going?” Lisa asked as she threw Ben’s backpack into the backseat, the little guy sneaking past her to stand beside Jack. “We’re throwing a BBQ-party on Saturday. You coming?”
“I believe you.” Damn it, she sounded honest about it. Didn’t mean Dean could trust her, not with Cas’ safety. “Please, Dean. Dorothy gave me two minutes before calling HQ.”
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled and got into the passenger seat with a huff. He tried really hard not to look at Cas behind the wheel because that was always a lethal view and he wouldn’t be able to contain the arousal in his scent.
“Here, darlings,” the woman, Kate led them up the stairs after Dean had paid for the night beforehand (with his credit card). “This is the Hunter’s Lodge,” she opened the door of a small but cozy room with a bed, a dresser and an armchair along with typical hunter decorations, a rifle, the head of a deer and pictures adorning the wooden wall. “The bathroom is shared with the room next door but that one’s currently empty, so it’s all yours. Breakfast from six thirty to nine. The Wi-Fi password is on the dresser.”
“You’re awesome, Bobby,” Dean told his mentor when they sat down, Dean right next to the door. “Sam, you okay?”
He watched in hazy contentment as Cas got ready. It hit him again, when Cas was pulling on a shirt, how damn lucky he was to be able to call this man his, love filling him to the brim.
“Okay, you gonna blink or just look at me for the rest of eternity?” Dean leaned back in his seat, his hands clasped on the table.
He was pretty sure he wouldn’t get much of that tonight anyway, even when he was feeling like shit after the day they'd had. Might as well cross out something else from the list so he could snooze better later.
“Look, Cas has strong opinions on everything. Gender equality is like that. Believe me, if he’s still the same, he’ll beat himself up about this for at least a week.”
"She threw me out when I came out as gay after having cut ties with my older brother when she caught him with a guy. We could say that."
So maybe the next decision he took could be eased into momentary dementia, because there really was no reason for Cas to react like he did, but to be fair he always turned into a clueless fool in the dark. Let there not be said that he wasn't, though, completely out of his mind, because clearly he just stepped 10 steps up on the scale of craziness.
Dean valiantly tried to fight the blush creeping on his face, lost, and slowly turned away from Gabe's victorious grin as red as a tomato. The bakery was in majority frequented by stressed college students so it contained a few tables for them to stop and work in peace. It made sense that Cas, as the very stressed French major that he was, was currently busting his ass on yet another paper.
"Yeah.... It's Ellen and Bobby. I'm supposed to come back for Thanksgiving, you know, and Jo let slip that I was single a while back. So they're bugging me to come with a significant other. The problem is that I am still single. But I don't want them to think I'm drowning in work, which, by the way, is not true, so I don't know what to do ?"
They kissed, idly, gently for a few seconds before having to breathe again, but stayed close enough to lean forehead against forehead as if it would hurt to separate. Cas took a deep breath and opened his eyes, smiling tentatively at Dean, who was grinning like a small child.
Cas had never been particularly lucky in his life. In fact, problems seemed to be able to find him anywhere, on a moonless night, with a cold, by the sound of his foot on the ground. It's something he's well aware of and try to dodge at any opportunities but the more he tries, the more troubles he gets. His brother Gabriel finds it hilarious and dubbed it "the Castiel Luck". It was apparently supposed to reference a superhero movie. Cas was not convinced. Not that he cared anyway. This little curse of him didn't actually cause him big problems, just some annoying disagreements, so he never paid it any attention besides the usual scowling when Gabriel and their cousin Balthazar walked in with stifled laughter and unapologetic eyes.
The shirt was one of his favourite. He had to buy another coffee. He had to walk in the cold air with a wet shirt then change it. But the worst, the worst of all was that the utter idiot was Dean Winchester.
Castiel was obviously an angel. But why would an angel carelessly walk this green earth, along greedy faes, cold-hearted witches, and worst of all, those artistically sinful beasts of humanity ? Why would this creature of love and hope just stand here, never yielding, never daring to speak ?
Cas paused, taking a sip of his coffee, before grimacing at its coldness. He looked at Dean, tilted his head.
Cas stared at him, knowing that at this moment everything was visible, and that looking into his eyes Dean would see all the affection and the fondness and the unlimited
picked up some fictions Dean had mentioned. He even met some lovable people there : there was Kevin, the stressed-out young alchemist student, Garth, the sweet tea-drinker shop owner, Charlie, the fiery librarian assistant who was so easy-going and open about everything that she made him want to be more comfortable with his sexuality.
Slowly, but steadily, as if written into the grand scheme of things, as if nothing but this has been made to happen, as if the world had disappeared and nothing else mattered, they inched closer, and closer, then their noses bumped, and Dean carefully slotted his lips over Cas' and the universe exploded.
The biggest problem in there was that Cas was stuck on the street. He was really pissed off, but also really screwed.
Except that it was, because as soon as he saw Gabriel behind the counter, half of his recomfort slipped away. It must have shown on his face somehow, because all it took was one look for Gabriel to smirk and point the seats.
Cas heard him get up, stumble against a table and curse it and its ancestors - and didn't even have to fight his smile thanks to the dark - before Dean was putting lighted candles on all available surfaces.
Dean shot him a strange look, visibly considering telling him to wait to feel it before remembering that Sam was aromantic asexual, so it would be plain rude. His face shifted, changing emotions so quickly that even Sam, with his lifelong course of how-does-Dean-work, couldn't decipher.
He didn’t know when he nodded off but he woke up to the shower going in the bathroom and his phone beeping with an incoming message. He rubbed his face tiredly and checked it. It was from Cas – the guy apparently still had his number, which wasn’t a bad sign but Dean wouldn’t read anything into it. The text was just a row of coordinates and a time.
Sam walked straight over to the end of the bed where they kept her medical file. Cas stopped next to her. Dean stayed by the door, listening for anyone coming their way.
The girl to his right was standing half a step behind him, probably in her early twenties. Small and mousy-looking with her disheveled dark hair and a blouse that was a bit too big on her. She would’ve been a perfect picture of the demure, obedient Omega if not for the glare she was shooting in Dean’s direction. She wasn’t mated, there was no bite on her neck, but killing her Alpha probably didn’t put the Winchesters in her good graces.
They spent most of their time preparing, but when they had some minutes to spare, Dean usually spent it with Cas. He knew he was behaving like a drooling teenager in his first relationship but seeing that he hadn’t had anything this stable before, he didn’t judge himself too harshly.
“Jeez, alright,” Gabe threw up his hands in surrender. “They had me fly this guy out there in the dead of night. Hairy little airstrip in the middle of nowhere. He was CIA, some tall dude in a suit and tie. His smile was really creepy.”
“I’m going in alone,” Dean decided, pressing the button. Cas and Sam groaned in sync. “You can wait outside with the file,” Dean looked at Cas. “Can’t risk losing it.”
Jesus. Dean wanted to hit him but then Cas would take it as permission to make Gordon’s life a living hell and they couldn’t afford that.
“Okay. Cas, you have to grab a fireman and bring him here,” Dean gritted his teeth through the pain. “They won’t check them.”
Verity Henriksen, the third wife. Living in Norfolk, but not with her husband anymore. To be honest, Dean was not even close to Virginia, but making the trace look like it was coming from there was a Friday to Charlie. Rowena had probably already left the Guatemala-file with the list of names and Henriksen’s stolen badge. She should be half-way to the airport by now.
“Boys, this is Pamela Barnes, best damn psychic in Illinois,” Bobby introduced her. They really could’ve done this back at Cas’. Everyone was from fucking Illinois.
“You are something else, Cassie,” Gabriel looked a little bewildered, but complied. Sam hesitated for a moment before doing the same with his gun, Cas putting his own knife away.
They didn’t talk about it again but some of the tension eased. The morning brought a well-rested Sam who was nice enough to grab them some breakfast before they piled into the Impala and drove back to Black Hawk to pick up Cas’ car.
He gave Bobby a conspiratorial grin and stepped up to an empty wall, gently pushing it. Not surprisingly, it turned out to be a door leading to a secret room. Hard to do illegal business when the FBI was guarding the lawn.
God, Dean loved this man. He included Sam immediately and without thought and not just because of him. Cas liked Sam (which, okay, was a given, who didn’t like that giant puppy?), but it made the Omega’s heart fucking flutter.
“I was a Seraph. It’s a high position,” he started, looking at the carpet. “You have to understand that angels are not… guardians. There is no harp or sitting on clouds. They’re God’s hand, obedient soldiers. They’re protecting His work and look over the souls residing in Heaven. I was a strategist, one of the best. I was second in command in my garrison. But I was stationed on Earth and… I fell in love.”
“You checking out my soul again?” he teased and turned his head just enough to look. Cas’ eyes were still bright, but not with grace. Dean put the mug down and rested his hand on Cas’ thigh, the way he’d done thousands of times.
Dean was eternally grateful for them both. They sat Cas on the office couch, Dean sitting beside him but his condition didn’t seem to get any better. Dean shushed him and combed his fingers through his hair, trying to sooth whatever pain he was having. Cas’ face was buried into his shoulder, burrowing into his warmth for comfort.
Cas waited until they had their coffees in front of them before speaking up again, but he was staring Dean down all the while and it was kinda intimidating.
“Saw a sign when we arrived,” the Omega grinned at him and found an empty parking spot near the entrance. “Crossville’s only jungle-themed family center.”
Dean wanted to argue. He was ready to, because it wasn’t fair and Shurley hadn’t even asked the girl about what had happened, he just decided on the punishment just because he didn’t like him (or more possibly the whole family in general). And anyway, who didn’t like Jack?
The apartment was clean and orderly. The walls were painted in light colors which made the place bright and homey. The kitchen was directly on the left, an island separating it from the living room. The two doors leading from there were probably opening to the bedroom and the bathroom – Dean confirmed that a minute later as he scooted out the place.
Okay. So Cas maybe wasn’t as civilian as Dean had first thought. He couldn’t decide if that was hot or shocking or something between the two. No wonder the guy hated his mundane life. It also meant he was more than capable of defending himself and probably wouldn’t hesitate to attack someone who broke into his home. Dean was suddenly glad he decided to wait for Cas here and not pick him up at the GSA. It probably wouldn’t have gone down so well.
Five minutes later he was standing over the lit candles, the bowl at the edge of the summoning circle. He lit a match and let it fall into it. Whatever was in there lit up in a similar way to its demonic counterpart and there was no incantation in either ritual. It was almost scary how much the two resembled each other.
“Oh, uh, yeah,” Sam nodded and went a few pages forward, careful not to damage them. He pointed at a paragraph that was in another language than everything else in the book. Surprisingly, Dean recognized it, even if he’d only seen it once.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean gaped. Cas had never looked so hot (okay, so maybe in a cowboy hat and boots) and the Omega was grateful for the open air because his scent was probably telling a bunch of things right now that wasn’t appropriate for this situation.
He was a retired, thirty-three years old CIA agent, he was living alone in a two-story house in the suburbs of Cicero, Indiana, and he was halfway in love with a man he hadn’t seen once (hadn’t looked him up because just the thought made him nervous) and only talked to him twice a month – see, pathetic. His brother would laugh at him.
“Yeah, they’re real and unfortunately very powerful,” Charlie said. “They’re normal humans until they’re not and the transformation is hard to handle. They can hurt anyone without meaning to so the Men of Letters try to get to them before that could happen.”
“But if I die, Cas will kill me,” he joked to lighten the mood. It worked, because she snickered slightly.
“You were great, love,” Cas kissed his cheek and took lead, steps silent on the concrete ground. “Stay close.”
It didn’t take much time for the taillights to disappear from view. Dean started walking in the other direction without a word, confident that Cas would follow him.
That he was almost certain of. Not after how Dean had left. It woke a hollow feeling in his chest that he remembered from after he'd disappeared from Cas’ life. God, those had been some awful times.
The CEO of a big corporation, the head of the CIA and probably other agents, and a shaken Vice President. That was not easy to explain, especially if Bela would throw a wrench in the plans.
It had started with Cas saying out of the blue what Naomi had done to him, time and time again, how he’d been reconditioned every time he stepped out of line, most of which he couldn’t even remember. How she’d had enough of his constant rebellion and gone to extreme measures to ensure an unwavering loyalty, how he was forced to kill hundreds of Dean’s exact copy to get rid of his human weakness. How he still hadn’t been able to do it in the crypt, not in control of his own body, fighting every second. That Dean had been the one who helped break the connection.
Because he knew Cas was about to argue that it wasn’t the same, Dean leaned up to silence him with a kiss.
They walked over to the car leisurely to not attract attention but the few pedestrians who were there didn’t even looked at them. There was no officer anywhere in sight when Dean tried the driver’s door which was open – because who would dare to stole a police car, right?
“Yeah, most likely,” Sam shrugged. “The good-bad thing can refer to the souls the angels can see. The ‘face of the devil’ can be about the monsters, I guess.”
“You can’t sit here the rest of your life, y’know,” Sam berated him again. “You recognized his car and his windows are open. He’s clearly home.”
“Dean! Dean, stay with me,” Cas asked, no, begged – Cas never begged – his beautiful blue eyes blurry with unshed tears. Dean felt a sudden burst of pain in his chest as something pressed against the wound and he groaned. “I know, love, I know.”
“I go talk to Bobby,” Dean tried to compromise. “I bring back some food, then I’m sleeping another four hours. Then we’re out of here.”
Yes, this was something Dean needed to ask Cas. Last time they’d seen Kevin, he was ready to become a vengeful spirit, no hard feelings towards the Winchesters. It was debatable if that stuck with him if he had been alone for so long. Cas should know these things.
The house itself seemed run-down, too, the wood of the porch chipping away, the once bright blue walls faded and dirty.
“Cas coming?” Sam looked up as he put his utensils down, swallowing around the last of his salad. His scent was betraying him. He obviously wanted to comment on it, but a glare from Dean was enough to silence him.
He started moving with an easy, languid rhythm, pulling out moans from both of them. Dean pretty much lost himself in the feeling of being full and having Cas pliant and aroused inside him, his wings curling around Dean, the silky touch making his breath stutter.
Dean waited a couple seconds before walking up to his boyfriend and greeting him with a kiss. It earned him a sunny-bright smile.
There was a flash in his memory, the moment just before the darkness swallowed him, a bright light and burning but painless heat. He’d thought it had been just the blood loss. But he was a good hunter and the very way Cas carried himself now ticked him off.
“Officer,” Cas saluted back before holding out his hand for the young man to shake. “Technical Sergeant Novak. I’m here for a meeting with Master Sergeant Shurley.”
“We extracted a young lieutenant who is the daughter of the late Senator, Alex Talbot,” he said reluctantly.
It had been almost smooth sailing after that. John’s only problem with Cas hadn’t been his vessel or even his not-human status, which Dean would’ve expected. No, it had been his job, because apparently being Heaven’s God-appointed boss could make a strain on any relationship and Dean deserved better than that. It had been one of Dean’s most morbid experiences in his whole existence.
Sam, Rowena and Crowley arrived not five minute later and Dean got out of the car to greet them. They had changed into something more comfortable, the elegant suits gone, although Rowena still looked like she stepped off the cover of some hunting magazine.
“You take this well,” he glanced back at the Alpha. “The angels being bigoted bastards. I know you didn’t imagine them like that.”
He avoided any and all cameras and the sun was high in the sky when he arrived at the end of the dirt road where the desert really started. The theory was the authorities would assume Dick just went off the rails and started walking, leaving the car there with a previously disabled GPS (deleted history, because Sam was smart like that).
“Then can we go?” Claire stood up. “The sooner you’re gone, the sooner you’re back and can tell us things.”
They met in the middle. Cas’ lips were dry and his stubble scratched against Dean’s, noses bumping together, and their hands were really not in the greatest positions for this. It was perfect.
The day before the op they traveled up north to Chicago to do the finishing touches, then spent the last night trying to get some rest.
“Okay, dial back a bit,” Claire looked at them both in shock. “You sayin’ the queer couple across from us are here to hunt Dad?”
“Besides, any life I could live with you was worth it. Sticking with you through centuries is so not the worst thing that could happen to me. But if you have issues with it –”
“Alright,” he stood up quickly, pulling Cas with him. “I’m sure I’ll learn a lot from this experience, Principal. Thank you for your time, have a nice day!”
“Not really,” Cas said, hands tightening around the wheel. “He only said there was a ‘situation’,” Dean could hear the air quotes in his tone.
“Look, I found something in Dad’s journal,” Sam said on his left. “I mean, it’s not much, just a name and an address, but I looked it up. I think it’s worth a try.”
“Flying straight there from here. We have a couple things to talk about. Amelia will get a heart attack.” He sighed. “I’ll summon Crowley in the morning.”
“I had been… wrong-footed at the beginning, yes,” he admitted. “But since I have my wings, it’s just… it feels natural to… be like this. You’re upset because it’s happening to me and you’re worried because you can’t do anything about it. In a reverse situation I would react the same.”
The angels didn’t react well to the news. The next moment they made a similar movement with their wrists and long, silvery blades slipped into their hands from the sleeves of their jackets as they took up threatening stances.
He was there now, too, standing next to a stunning blue ’71 Chevy Corvette Stingray Coupe, of all things. God, why did the worst people have the most amazing cars?
“Release him,” he said, voice utterly calm but dangerous, and Dean clearly saw the avenging angel in him he once had been. He could only gape at the sight.
Dean found out he was actually handling a couple of things better with time. For example, going to bed with Cas, knowing he would be the only one sleeping. Or waking up to Cas awake, looking down at him with soft eyes. Or only buying one cup of coffee. It was all in the little things, really.
Cas’ hips thrust against him, already hard in his jeans and Dean tried to get enough space between them to get to the buttons of Cas’ shirt and the same time not wanting to let him pull away at all.
Dean left them with a lazy wave to Victor and a kiss on Cas’ cheek, confident that his husband wouldn’t bust them now.
“Cas Cas Cas!” he yelled, and he had to blink rapidly to clear his vision and scrape together something that was resembling thoughts. “Cas,
“Hi, Cas,” Charlie and Sam said in chorus, Ash waving briefly with his cue stick without looking up from his game, probably in the middle of solving equations with the balls or something. Ellen smiled at him, already pulling another beer from under the counter.
“Dean, we’re trying to create an alibi here,” Cas shot back. “We should stop every couple hours, use our credit cards.”
Black Hawk Park seemed like a nice enough place in daylight. At night it was completely dark and empty, except maybe a couple campers a little up north. There were two campgrounds in the area but neither was near to the previous attacks. No, those had been further into the woods, near a side-branch of the Cedar River.
“Thank you,” Cas said with a sincere expression, big blue eyes and everything. Mrs. Tran for the first time seemed ready to cry for a moment, but then her expression hardened.
“I have just the place,” Bobby started striding towards the stairs into the basement, expecting everyone to follow.
“Well, then,” the angel gestured at the trap. Cas rolled his eyes and pulled out his pocket knife, his other hand still holding the vial. He scratched at the paint and took a step back. “Thanks. Keep in touch, if you can. I kinda missed you, Thursday.”
Sam sighed dramatically and introduced them, “Sparrow, Dean. Dean, Sparrow,” before he led her back towards the bedroom, apologizing profusely and throwing a look over his shoulder at Dean who just winked back.
Dean leaned up to kiss him, murmuring a quiet, “Move,” as he let Cas take control. And Cas did, first with slow, deep thrust that left Dean panting, then gaining speed and force when he was sure Dean’s arm could handle it. Dean fell in love a little more with him just for that.
“Exactly!” Sam nodded vehemently, his hair flopping around his face. “We’ve gotta find your brother so we can ask him what he knows about this.”
Dean hadn’t had a home-made meal since this whole madness had started, so the chicken felt absolutely amazing, along with the wine Rowena had in her cellar, because of course she had one. They told her everything through the meal in the dining room.
When they finally reached the base, they got a permission to land without much problem next to a hangar – Sam had said the helicopter was registered as government property and that probably worked here, too. Supposedly Charlie had handled the rest.
“I never wanted them to get tangled up in this,” Cas sounded so guilty about it. Like it was his fault he was an angel or that he’d wanted to be honest with his children about it.
Bobby’s house was in the middle of a junkyard he’d inherited from his father. The whole property was a maze of rusted cars and a brutal security system. Anyone who didn’t use the front gate and the earth road leading to the house was in for a nasty surprise.
Dean parked the car and ushered Cas upstairs to take a shower. When the door of their in-suite bathroom closed he pulled the curtains close. He didn’t care that Cas felt fine. Migraine left you sensitive to light so Dean acted accordingly.
“In the beginning flattered, of course,” Cas shrugged. “But I wasn’t interested and his continuous disregard of that made me uncomfortable after a short while.”
“You killed Dick because he’d threatened Claire,” Dean shrugged as he cozied up to him. “I’m pretty sure you’ll find your footing.”
“You want me?” he stood with a straight back, his voice almost teasing. “Then what are you waiting for? Come on. Be a good little Omega and do what you were told.”
Now that he thought about it, one of the first things he’d asked Cas had been the origin of his name.
“Alright,” Dean said with a sigh and looked at Sam. “You read through that file then send me the address and then I can tell Charlie.”
“She trusted you with it?” Cas – still in the clothes he’d worn all day, now sitting at the table with the rest of them – frowned at his brother-in-law. Dean knew he was protective of Lily, sometimes flying over to her for a question about his abilities or just for a short chat.
“Yep,” Dean stepped out of the car. He walked down the couple steps to the door with Cas at his back and he was way more comfortable with that than he’d been just a couple days ago. He banged on the steel as hard as he could, then waited. “Okay, keep your voice down, don’t make any sudden moves and just generally stay close to me.”
Everything stopped for a moment. Sam was on the ground a little way back where he'd been  tossed by one of his opponents, blood trickling from the corner of his mouth, eyes wide because what they’d just seen was something unprecedented and completely new.
He went to sleep in his clothes, knowing he would wake up in four hours. It was around noon that he took a shower – the water was cold and the pressure was horrible, but it was a miracle it even worked.
He put his bag in the trunk and hopped in. The purring sound of the engine filled him with a familiar warmth.
“We’ll watch over you.” she said, then with a gust of wind, she was gone, leaving only a hint of ozonic scent behind.
Sam wasn’t happy to be called in the middle of the night. Apparently, he’d hoped for a full night’s rest before he had to drive all the way to Sioux Falls with Bobby, but he didn’t complain after Dean told him what Cas had said. They were maybe ten hours away in Oklahoma, they could be at Bobby’s by the early afternoon. Still closer than Dean and Cas. It would take them at least a day to get there if they were pushing it.
“More ridiculous than your husband growing wings?” Bobby looked at him and fine, point taken. “I’ve met those things lurking in the night, Dean. I hunted them.”
Sam moved at the same time, pulling out his gun straight to the guy’s head. Dean also registered a movement from the corner of his eyes that went a little wide when he realized Cas had a blade – and where the fuck had that come from? – pointing it at Sam’s throat.
“Dean!” the Dick flashed his teeth at him but his eyes immediately returned to Cas with that predatory gleam in them that made Dean shudder and it wasn’t even directed at him. His husband seemed extra frowny and squinty now. “As I was just saying to your lovely husband here, these nice wheels need some care. I was hoping you could take a look while I talk the finances over with Castiel.”
“I’m going to break into the CIA,” Dean told him. Crowley’s eyebrows shot up in faint surprise. “I need your complete security layout of Langley. Cracks. Codes. ID swipes. All of it.”
“We would like to have you over for dinner sometime,” Dean spoke up. “How are you feeling about pizza?”
Dean had to give him that one. Claire always had good reasons, too, but she had a knack for finding trivial causes to defend with way too much vehemence. That was why Dean and Cas liked her and Jack volunteering at the shelter. It gave her a kind of purpose.
“You’ve talked about him in past tense,” he tilted his head like a bird. “I figured his status has changed, I’m sure Dean presumed the same.”
“The profile we have on them says they’re mostly antisocial or awkward with few friends and don’t blend in easily,” Dorothy leaned back in her seat. “We are trying to find them, if it’s really an angel in the first place. They’re dangerous if they don’t learn to control their powers.”
Charlie’s wonder about Cas not fitting into the usual profile of an angel floated back into Dean’s mind. That couldn’t be just because of him, right? Would Cas be another person entirely if Dean hadn’t walked up to him that first day he’d spotted him, all messy hair and one-size-too-big shirt, the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen?
“If this Kaia, whoever she is, would like to join us for dinner in the near or distant future, we’re happy to have her,” Dean smiled at his daughter to let her know she was off the hook.
“Want you inside me,” Cas murmured when Dean tipped his head back and started kissing down his neck, trying to avoid making visible bruises. “Splitting me open…”
“You often seduce your students nowadays?” Dean shot back. He wouldn’t talk about this now. Cas had always disapproved of his coping method and Dean’d mostly cut down on the alcohol for his sake. The sex had been more fantastic sober, anyway. But that was over so he didn’t have a right to criticize.
“I really don’t deserve you,” he muttered against Dean’s lips, his hand coming up to cup his jaw. “You’ve done so much for me in the last two weeks, Dean.”
“Got the package. Meet y’all at the meeting point,” he said when he started driving again, satisfied.
“Gabriel called while I was away,” he said. “He’s back in the country. Already missing the porn stars.”
“Well, me neither, Cas, but then what? Should I let Charlie go alone? Let Dorothy die or something?”
“Just if you’re okay with it,” Cas cradled his jaw with a hand in a tender gesture. Dean smiled a bit and kissed the inside of his wrist. Then he put the sound back on. “I’m ready,” Cas stood up. He summoned his wings, the process seeming to be getting easier every time he’d done it. He didn’t even push a plate from the counter.
“Dean, calm down,” Sam grabbed his shoulder. “I think he did the right thing. If this dick really keeps his deals, we’re pretty good.”
” Charlie said, who, with a chip hidden in both Cas and Dean’s belts, knew exactly where they were and which also gave her access to the CIA itself. “
The one surprising outcome of Cas’ radio silence was that the ones worrying about him had gotten closer to each other. Now Dean had regular lengthy calls with Jimmy – he was actually a likable guy – and, surprisingly, Claire. She’d wanted to get to know Uncle Cas’ mate (her words), and she'd been more open with every conversation. The two of them had quickly become friends which was weird, because Dean and kids didn’t really get along. He couldn’t wait to meet her in person, but that had to be postponed until Cas got his feathery ass back. He had talked to Amelia once or twice, too, a soft-spoken woman who probably had some pretty firm backbone. She sure as hell sounded put-together after learning his brother-in-bond was a celestial being of infinite power, keeping a level head to compensate for her Alpha’s anxiety.
“You’re right,” the Alpha looked away and slowly shook his head, something painful flashing in his eyes. “You made it abundantly clear you don’t need me.” A rueful smile appeared on his lips. “I’m just helping you get out of Hell, nothing more. I really shouldn’t have bothered.”
It was quick. The three of them stalked – if it could be called that – over to the kitchen door where Dean had disappeared, in a straight line one after the other like complete newbies, their rifles all pointing in one direction like anyone could take a good shot that way. Dean’s mind shut down, training and experience taking over, survival instinct kicking in. When his kitchen door was kicked down, which was just rude, he stepped out from the dark storage room under the stairs that connected the hallway, the kitchen and the garage. He twisted the neck of the one at the back before any of them realized what had happened. The second one was down with two hits, one to the chest for distraction, one to the throat, crushing the trachea. The third one attacked with a needle instead of his gun which was such an idiotic move it cost him his life. Dean twisted the arm with the gun, turning the guy’s whole body with it as he instinctively went with the momentum. Before the needle could’ve reached anywhere near his face with a backward-kinda stab that wouldn’t have worked anyway, Dean grabbed his attacker’s wrist and changed course of the movement. The needle went through the balaclava and pushed into the skin without problem, straight into the vein. Then he tumbled to the floor.
It really didn’t take much time until they stood in the backyard with a table full of the strangest subjects.
Dean kissed back on instinct, his eyes closing. He thought it would be just a gentle, chaste kiss but then Cas’ lips parted and it became something deep and passionate and languid. Dean’s hands wandered to Cas’ waist to pull him closer and fingers were caressing his jaw and sliding into his hair and his heart was gonna beat out of his chest.
“That’s what I still don’t understand,” Charlie seemed excited all of a sudden. “How’s Cas so open about everything? We never even considered him because he just doesn’t fit in the picture. I mean, your relationship alone shouldn’t be possible.”
Cas turned to him fully. There were circles under his eyes but his gaze was sharp and searching in the light coming from inside.
“Got it,” Sam jumped over the stairs with a file in hand. “Guatemala. Fall, 2005. Five of the guys on this list were there, not including us.” He handed the file to Dean. “San Benito. Just outside.”
,” he mewled without shame. Cas was hitting his prostate dead-on with every thrust, his skin was warm and Dean hadn’t felt this thoroughly owned in his life. “Alpha, harder, please, want it, Cas, fuck –”
Still, Castiel is one of the very best. He knows glory, he has succeeded in countless battles, and he
-The Bible have been translated wrongly several times over the years, I believe the passage you are referring to is about pedophiles. My Father, my siblings and I are indifferent about sexual orientation.
But really, the thing that you hate most about our relationship is me not letting you be a rainbow unicorn? Really?
-I’m sorry, Dean, I didn’t notice it before, but don’t worry, it’s only proof that you had a lot to deal with in your life.
They made it. They made it happen. Dean was back, body and soul, back to life, to real life, not just a spectrum of what was supposed to be a body, not the beautiful blinding light either.
as hot burning wax slithered down my spine, as seductive kisses of agony peppered my skin and muscle, I laughed… I laughed as where I saw beauty, others saw pain. I loved it. You see, it was addictive and even Dionysus would marvel at my insanity, there is no beauty without pain and now as I wait for judgement, in the land of Hades I ask myself, ‘Was it
I saw the poem Cas recites on Tiktok, you can find the author at @an_sifakah on Instagram and their work is also on Pinterest.
-Hell is divided in 9 Circles. The last one is where Lucifer is, trapped in the cage. You were in Circle 8, Fraud. Is where people who have deceived and manipulated others go, such as sexual manipulators, gamblers, people who create false money. They go there to get tortured by demons for eternity. Usually. I’m supposing they made an exception so you would be one of the torturers, they needed it to be you doing the torture.
-Yes, but if we survive that too… Am I going to keep seeing you? How would this work? I’m assuming I can’t visit you in your cloud.
Dean and Castiel were on their way to get out of Hell, and somehow they didn’t stumbled in many demons, the few they happened to see would be terrified of the angel, and Castiel would kill them with the very touch of his hand.
-I’m starting to doubt your cognitive ability to understand and remember what I tell you. We only interfere when extremely necessary. Humanity also has to be accountable for the decisions that are made
Cas knew humans could feel with an impressive intensity, and that Dean was vulnerable, with not only his traumas being thrown at him all at once, but also in front of a stranger. He didn’t know a lot about how humans actually feel, but he could comprehend that it wasn’t comfortable. At all.
Dean was weak. He felt like he couldn’t breathe. He knew his life was messed up, but relive all of that at once really hits different.
“Dean! Hey, Dean, where are you?” okay, maybe the pure desperation on Sam’s voice was a sign that no, he wouldn’t be okay if Dean took off.
“Found a case. Dude, seriously, put the armchair away from the TV, that’s way too close. And Scooby-Doo? He’s not old enough to understand it, you know that, right? This is more to like, I don’t know, 4-years-old? But not babies.”
-Not anymore. I don’t wanna hear another God damn word come out of your mouth. You have until the end of the day to clean your things and get out of this house, I don’t care where you’re goin’, what your doin’ just go. Don’t ever,
“Look, kid, I’m tired, I’m sure you’re as tired as I am, can you just go to sleep already? Please… I need some time off.”
-I never agreed with their plan, I agree even less now that it involves you, therefore me, so much to the core of it. They are wrong, they act wrongly, and I don’t care. It’s the orders my Father gave them, but I never even talked to Him, not really, not face to face, because he was never there. He left us, why shouldn’t I? – There is no other way to describe Dean’s reaction other than “heart eyes”.
-Who are you? – Panic fluttered through their bodies, if both of them said it at the same time, means none of them knew who that was.
-Thanks, Cas. – The hunter couldn’t help but feel something flowering inside of him, having an angel so worried about what he was feeling was definitely something else. Okay, he was sure he shouldn’t be thinking like this, so he focused in something else that was bothering him. - So… I understand you angels try not to interfere, but I assume you guys at least know what happens?
Dean’s eyes were filled with tears, something made his stomach feel different, like the freaking butterflies teenagers feel.
“It’s for you”, the bartender has a phone pointing to his direction, clearly hating losing time with this.
There, talking about Sam going nuts always seemed to calm Jack down, sometimes he would even laugh. Dean doesn’t know if it is something about the tone in his voice or if Jack could actually understand him, but it freaked Dean out anyway, enough for him to stop cussing when Jack was around.
“What?” Cas pushes him, and he hits the wall, but the pain that should be there doesn’t even computes in his brain.
Cas has this vibe of someone who can be a great dad and he won’t think that an underground Bunker is a good place for a kid, will he? Sure, they take Jack outside frequently to take a sunbath and some fresh air, but still, Cas won’t approve it, right? Which means he’s leaving, again.
“Okay, okay, I get it, we committed.” Cas gives him a small smile and push his shoulder against Dean’s, just for a second.
He and Jack were playing with cars and that felt so damn good, something warm inside of his chest telling him that this felt right, that he could be good at it. Jack was so smart and funny, he loved playing with cars the same way Dean used to when he was little, and the noises Jack was making, the way he laughed, everything felt like it was supposed to be almost exactly like that from the beginning. Then, Jack had a black car and a cream car, giving the black one to Dean.
“Yeah, look how great that turned out on us. Besides, Dad didn’t leave a baby on his own, you had me.”
but Sam didn’t look for another case. Dean’s pretty sure that one was just Sam trying to feel better, to make things better, to forget everything they lost once again. It doesn’t work, it never does, that’s one of the reasons Dean didn’t bothered to go hunt.
“You think I control this shit? Sorry to tell you, Cas, there isn’t a button I can push to turn this shit off.”
They watch cartoons and make food and eat it together, even Cas, just a little bit but he still ate.
“Because it was me losing you, again. Because you are important and I lost you. Because I didn’t want to start a family without you and I still had to. Because I need you, Cas. I simply need you to function.”
It was like all the air had been sucked out of him at once. This man could not been more perfect, it wasn't possible.
In hindsight, he should have expected spending his childhood living in close quarters with Dean, looking up to him, following him everywhere would have changed his definition of home. He should have known about it.
And because when he made bad decisions, there were full stupid-as-fuck decisions, he just had his trenchcoat over his usual work attire, and the damp clothing already hung heavily on his back, cold and wet.
“You must be the husband,” she sounded amused. “I’m a professor of apocalyptic lore, Mr. Winchester, but my secret hobby is researching angels. My husband, Akobel, is one of them, so I have a primary source and experience. I can also prove my knowledge by asking if you tried to use those wings for their main purpose.”
“You have to be more specific,” Cas grimaced. “There’s billions of years of memories in my head now.”
“Kurdish people made such blades centuries ago. I haven’t seen one since. It’s a rarity, maybe the only remaining one.” He held it out to Sam who took it with open curiosity.
Dean looked back at his magazine, crossing his ankles the other way. God, this couch was comfortable.
“Sam. Dean.” Cas nodded slightly at them and moved farther into the room, weapon still at the ready.
“Dean, angels are not…” he sighed. “Couple years ago you were even afraid of hunting demons. Angels are on another level altogether. Most demons turn tails and run even just from the rumor that they are around.”
“And he loves you but that wouldn’t save you,” Benny shrugged and stood up, holding out a hand for Dean, too. “C’mon, brotha’, up you go.”
“Couldn’t really be anything else,” Charlie nodded, pocketing her cell. “Monsters like abandoned places. Now we have to find Dorothy.”
After, when his soul returned to his body and his brain got enough oxygen again, he was looking up at Cas’ smiling face. It was a soft smile, no flash of teeth or any hint of that flirty grin from before, his gaze almost wondrous. He pressed a gentle kiss to Dean’s forehead and one on his lips and Dean cupped his jaw with that lovesick expression he knew he always had after especially good sex (so, like, ninety-nine percent of the time).
Dean was eating in silence when Cas touched his calf with his foot, looking at him intently over the table. Dean swallowed and grinned, raising his own leg to press back against Cas’ because how long had it been since they’d played footsie?
“Sure thing, chief,” his friend agreed so Dean led the agents to the office, really hoping Cole wouldn’t say anything incriminating.
“I know we agreed I would call first,” Dean stood up slowly, his hands visible. Cas was still alarmingly unmoving, his gaze fixed on the agent. “But I need you to listen to me, we don’t have much time.”
“Right.” He was still suspicious, but he wouldn’t decline this kind of offer. Getting rid of one body had been nerve-wracking enough. “Her name’s Harper Sayles. She goes to school with the kids.”
However much it pained him, he couldn’t do anything for Cas if he tried to get him back now. And Bobby needed medical attention. Their get-away car was at least a mile away, which would take double time with his leg.
“Turn around for me, babe,” he rasped out, coherent thoughts slowly crawling back into his mind as he sat back on his haunches.
“Are you clean?” he asked, looking up at the Alpha. He wouldn’t even ask anybody else about this, especially wouldn’t believe them without freshly printed documents, but Cas wouldn’t lie about something like this.
“Right,” he nodded. “For the record, I hope that someday we can look back on this as the great adventure it is and smile about it.”
“You were very determined.” Man, he sounded fucked-out, too. Dean felt a little proud of that. “I didn’t want to take away your enthusiasm.”
“I wanted to wait for telling you this because I still don’t have enough information.” He sighed. “She was watching me.”
Dean was about to run over to Sam when he heard another sound from his right and then something was on him. He only had a moment to realize the wolf hadn’t been as lonely as they had thought before the world went black.
Sam took out his flask of holy water and Dean was about to start chanting when Cas’ eyes narrowed in on something and he took a couple steps forward, ignoring both Winchesters calling his name.
After paying their tab, he and Cas decided to walk home, where they found Jack and Claire sleeping deeply on the sofa. Dean had expected they wouldn’t stay in their rooms until they could see with their own eyes that everyone was alright. Miracle was laying at the feet of the couch, looking up at them curiously but not moving.
“What are you talkin’ about?” Dean looked up at them. Miracle’s head was now resting on his knee, probably drooling over his jeans.
They did get to play darts and it didn’t turn into a hustle. But oh, Cas would’ve swept the floor with anyone.
“As a matter of fact, yes, I did,” Cas nodded. He seemed more comfortable with the topic than Dean remembered. “It’s more of an unproven theory at this point.” He looked into the distance for a moment and Dean wanted to know what he’d found out. But, as so many things now, it wasn’t his place. “However, this is not a social visit, so what can I do for you?”
“Suit yourself,” Dean shrugged and pulled out his gun, handing it to Sam. “Hang onto this for me.” He looked back at Cas. “I’ll be right back.”
Dean went without a word, tugging Cas upstairs by his hand. After he showered quickly, getting rid of the dust and horror, he changed into his favorite hot dog pajama pants and a t-shirt. Cas was already waiting for him when he came out of the bathroom.
Cas nodded and looked back at the door, raising his hand in front of him. His palm was lighting up with blinding white-blue light and a moment later the door flew off its hinges, bursting into the room and landing on the floor with a loud clank.
“Nobody sent me, Sam,” Dean took a step to the side to cover more of Cas. “Nobody’s trying to kill you.” Yet. “Which makes us friends. Right?” Simple words until Sam worked through this.
“Contrary to what you believe, darling, I have more important business than following the Winchester-show.”
Dean didn’t tell him. Bobby would just worry over it and tell them to leave the demons the fuck alone – a sound advice, but they seemed to be out of alternatives.
Sex was something they’d worked on – a lot. Dean had been pretty sure that getting into each other’s pants immediately would end catastrophically and he still stood by that. His lack of knowledge in being with a man was just the lesser problem – not interest, that had been there, his carefully deleted browser history would’ve been enough evidence of that. No, the problem was that it was Cas. And Cas was important and this was the afterlife and Dean had never known and loved anyone for over a decade before bedding them so he really hadn’t wanted to mess it up. Or what if they didn’t work in bed? That would’ve been a tragedy after all that pining.
“On the way here. You were paying for gas and coffee.” Sam nodded towards the entrance, taking his book up again. “He said he needed to clear his head.”
Sam looked like he hadn’t slept since Dean had last seen him. His hair was a bit messy and dark shadows were under his eyes.
“What?” Cas asked in a voice that made Dean’s head snap up. He paled considerably and he went completely still.
“You came untouched?” was all he could ask, his brain still foggy and body feeling like jelly. Not that this would’ve been the first time, but usually it required more built-up.
After another curve of the road, he finally saw the entrance carved into the hill under the power plant. He parked exactly in front of it – nobody came here anyway – and stopped the car.
“Sure we will,” Dean started Baby. “Every day around eight. You should be done with your homework by then but before going to bed at ten.”
Dean was done with cutting up the vegetables pretty quickly and he took them over to Sam, then left his brother to see if he could help with anything else inside.
Sam had taken the news like the excited puppy he was, bombarding them with questions and actually taking notes, the nerd. The week had been littered with random phone calls from him every time he had another question, even if they hadn’t known the answer. Dean hadn’t been nice when his cell had started ringing at two a.m. but fortunately Cas had taken it from him before he could’ve said something really insulting. (Bobby probably hadn’t fared better, as he was the expert in the family and a mostly retired hunter of the supernatural on the side.)
“Here,” Cas put a glass with an inch of whiskey in it on the small table. He was already in his sleeping clothes.
The John in front of Dean had been more like the man he remembered from his early childhood and the one they’d met when they had traveled back in time. Heaven brought out the best in everyone and it made Dean a little frustrated that he couldn’t hold his resentment for his father a little longer. At least Cas had seemed to be in the same boat, because hurting one of the souls in his care wasn’t good for business and this version of John, who finally had the peace he hadn’t had in his life, didn’t deserve such a treatment.
It took a couple minutes but the result was mind-bogging: there was nothing. The ground was immaculate, not a flick of clothing or charred bones. It was just… gone.
“If anything happens to Cas, I will rip everything you love out of your life,” Dean said sincerely. “And then I’ll kill you.”
That was how Dean fell asleep a short while later – next to Cas, feathers keeping them warm and the stars shining over them.
The effect was immediate. The headache receded into the back of his mind, not completely gone but barely there. His mouth felt like normal, saliva back doing its work and the light shining through his lids stopped being like a stab into his retinas. What stayed was the haziness of sleep.
He disappeared up the stairs so Dean and Cas had maybe a minute to talk this over just the two of them.
He was using three fingers and he hadn’t seemed to forget more of the hunter’s ticks than Dean had of his because with one twist of his wrist the Omega was seeing stars.
“SEAL?” Dean asked almost conversationally, a strain in his voice from keeping the larger man down. He’d recognized the style.
Dean took the flask full of holy water in one hand and his gun in the other. Sam did the same with the salt at his back.
Cas’ face became intrigued and with a last kiss he vanished. Dean willed his own erection down. This would be about Cas, not him.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. “I’m sure,” he added because his brother looked like he was the crazy one out the two of them. And even if the crux of the plan was risky, he knew what he was doing. “You got my back.”
It didn’t take them much time to get ready for the day and Dean was just getting the peanut butter out of the fridge while Cas was scrolling on his phone and sipping his coffee when he heard a hurried pair of feet coming down the stairs.
“Nah, there was no visit from either sides while I was with Cas. Phone calls a lot. Cas planned to visit them for a couple days in spring break, though. He adores his niece.”
Cas bucked up so suddenly he almost sent Dean flying off the damn bed and he had goosebumps appearing all over his body. His scent was all cracking electricity and sweet honey and Dean wanted to devour him.
They could maybe find Henry, too. His grandfather would be all over Cas and his angelness for sure. Would probably made him sit down and geek out over him for hours.
.” Dean swallowed thickly. Yeah, he had. “That’s not a coincidence. Down there, the soul is burned out. Not necessarily with fire, but that’s a favorite so it would probably be used. No, the demon was spot on when she mentioned a rack. Souls, maybe hundreds of them, being tortured all day long, until there’s nothing left. Then they’re whole again and it starts anew. Every day for decades, centuries. And when they can’t bear it any longer, they’re the ones picking up the blade. It’s a morbid, never-ending combination of sadism and masochism.” Cas closed his eyes for a moment. “A soul’s the most beautiful thing in the whole universe, Dean. Ethereal and strong, yet so breakable. The smoke you see when you exorcize a demon – that’s what that brightness turns into.”
Dean didn’t thank him, because this was Crowley. He took a step towards the doors when something occurred to him.
“Yeah, but you have them, so,” Dean shrugged. Cas glanced down between them meaningfully at Dean’s crotch then back up at him. “Don’t worry about it,” Dean patted his cheek. “Up you go.”
“You can’t just flip a switch and become someone else,” Rowena told her and stood up with a flourish, apparently done. Dean didn’t know a better med than her. “So,” she turned a wicked smile on him and started to clean up. “This Cas…”
“After our first meeting Mr. Roman was quite taken with me and didn’t try to keep it a secret,” he told them nonchalantly.
When he arrived at the motel the car was already in front of their room, the doors open and his heart stopped for a long moment, then he sprinted to the door in a panic, pulling out his gun on the way.
He looked up, eyes serious and penetrating. His lips were slightly parted and Dean wanted to close the distance, get that kiss a little sooner. Cas didn’t look like he would mind it.
“I’m glad you’re alright, Castiel,” she smiled, which seemed a little out of place on her, but still honest. “A father and a healer. You only killed one man so far, and I think the world’s better off without him. I’m proud of you.”
After a thorough shower and a change of clothes Cas led them down into the kitchen and they both stopped in their tracks. The kitchen island and some part of the floor was littered with glass.
“I asked your father to call me when he talked to you next. I think that’s why you’ve met up two days later. He wanted to be sure you were alright.”
Dean eyed the Pontiac regretfully for a long moment because all that sand wouldn’t be good for her, then pulled himself together.
Dean took a step back. He had heard of Bela Talbot, sure. She was a vile, spoiled bitch, except she was also sharp and could wrap anyone around her finger.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded. The only one who would know for sure why the CIA did something was the CIA itself. They had to go to Langley.
“Why didn’t you asked your bosses to send someone? I’m not a hunter, Charlie. I’m pretty much the definition of a suburban dad.”
“I was just inviting him over to my place,” he said casually. “Should’ve scented him then. So sweet, just waiting for a real Alpha.”
“Thank you,” Cas gave him that bright smile again and if he was going to do that a lot, Dean was gonna be too distracted to be of any use.
The little gathering they had planned was family only. Seeing that they counted a lot of people family, that didn’t narrow it down much. Lucky that Sam’s yard was pretty big and Heaven’s perk was that they didn’t have to worry about disturbing the neighbors. Mom and Dad would be over any minute to help with the last of the preparations.
“You’re wonderful,” Cas slurred when he started on the tendons at the base, combing through feathers and straightening out bent ones. Dean smiled to himself and went farther up towards the arch of it, then lower at the primaries and then the secondaries, keeping his touch light but meticulous. It was good that Cas already got off, because Dean was sure he would be humping the bed by now otherwise. Hell, not like this whole thing didn’t have an effect on
When he pulled himself out from the backseat, he looked over at his own home. Cas was waiting on the porch, back stiff and hands in his pockets. Dean wasn’t yet close enough to see his face but he would bet he was frowning heavily.
“Will do.” They shook hands, then she turned to Dean to do the same. “You can call, too, if you need help.”
“As far as I’m concerned, you and me, Cas, nothing’s changed,” Balthazar shrugged. “We’re brothers. Of course I helped you.”
Cas stood up and walked over to him slowly as if not to spook him and Dean appreciated it because he felt like he wanted to run out of the world. A hand solidly gripped his shoulder and Dean grabbed it tightly with his own, closing his eyes and letting out a shuddering breath. They didn’t have time for this. They needed to move. He needed to pull himself together because someone was after them and he needed to keep Cas safe.
He was coming on too strong and his scent wasn’t exactly pleasant for Dean, so he gave a confident but not flirty smirk back. He wouldn’t have gone anywhere with him a couple months ago, either. With waiting for Cas to be back, the thought didn’t even cross his mind.
Crowley had come around the third week and let Dean go over the contract before he’d burned it before his eyes.
The flight took around two hours and they didn’t talk much in that time. Their plan was simple and not with many variants: find Gabriel, ask him about Guatemala, then get him to a safe place before disappearing.
There was a bit more grumbling but the crowd easily broke up and in a minute the typical, calming noise of the garage was picking up again. Ash rolled back to his computer and Dean stepped into the office after Cas, closing the door behind them.
“I’m yours, too,” he pressed a tender kiss to Dean’s temple. It made the hunter’s heart thud heavily in his chest.
They had two Women of Letters right next door and the feds were looking for the guy Cas had killed, but somehow Dean still felt like they could pull through this. He really hoped he was right.
He reached an alley a couple streets over which was more of a row of storages. He fished out the keys to his own and lifted the door. He smiled involuntarily at the massive black shape that greeted him and pulled off the tarp with a flourish.
His brother was sitting in front of his computer. His hair was a bit messy from running his hand through it.
Cas’ heaving slowed gradually and he slowly sat up as Pamela took her seat beside him again. He seemed… a bit out of it, eyes wide but unreadable.
“I noticed your squinting, Dean,” Cas sighed. “You probably have a light concussion. I won’t let you drive and we all know you won’t leave her here. So if you wanna get out of here, you give me the keys.”
It had been just over a month when Dean had gone into heat. He didn’t know who was more horrified by it, he or Sam. It hadn't been the first time his brother had to guard him while he was in heat – they had been doing that for each other since they had presented. But it had been the first time Dean knew for certain he had an Alpha out there; out there and not with him. He had sobbed and begged and called out to Cas a million times. The only thing keeping him sane had been Sam’s brilliant idea to push the damn trench coat under his nose. It had been saturated with Cas’ scent and that had actually helped Dean pull through.
A second or two later Cas’ face lit up with a bright grin that turned into his focusing frown. He looked at Dean for a moment who nodded again. Cas’ wings beat the air once, almost taking out the window and then he was gone, the residual wind ruffling Dean’s hair and clothes.
“I was a student under Alistair for over a year,” he told Roman as he pulled out the wrapped-up tools, watching as the smug smirk vanished from Dick’s face. Everybody who had heard of Alistair reacted the same.
“I hate you,” Cas interrupted as he looked up at Gabe who was already up the ladder and fitting the key in the lock.
His wrists were bound and he was sitting on something hard and uncomfortable, probably wood, the same material pressing against his back. That didn’t bode well. And if the wolves were able to talk it was probably morning already.
“Okay, stop bitching at each other,” Dean stepped between them and turned to Cas. “I told Sam because he would be real disappointed if I didn’t.”
“Love ya,” Dean smiled into Cas’ mouth, pressing kisses everywhere he could reach. He felt loose and sated, his vision a little blurry around the edges.
“Dean!” Cas yelled, and as he looked that way he only had enough time to register a long, silvery blade flying his way before he had to grab it or get impaled (and not in the fun way).
“You don’t have any idea what you’re getting into,” he straightened up as much as the tape let him. “First, you can’t touch me.”
Then came the sound of gunshots (especially loud in the narrow space), then the feeling like his arm and shoulder was on fire.
“Okay, so we tell the kids what we know, forbid them to talk to Charlie or Dorothy and then we just…”
“Get back here,” Cas nudged him with his shin and Dean went easily as the angel pulled him back in for a kiss.
He relayed the information to ‘Charlie’, but said no detail out of Kevin’s case. He never mentioned Dean.
There were questions about the neighborhood and the residents, too, which wouldn’t have been totally out of place normally but Dean now took them as getting info out of them. It was highly disconcerting, because he would probably like both of them and he didn’t have to always fake a laugh or a smile. Normally he’d be genuinely enjoying himself. Fuck, he wanted to get out of this!
Dean zipped the bag back up and closed the doors, then left the room to wait in the creaky armchair.
Taking down the two men without making any noise was child’s play, what quiet sound the scuffle made was tuned out by Roman’s droning voice about chemical additions.
“You don’t have to do this, y’know,” Dean said carefully, leaning against the trunk of the Impala. “We can do it another time. Or not at all, your call.”
“You’re good men, Dean, both of you. I’m sure you have nothing to do with it,” Victor waved it away and Dean’s stomach churned with guilt.
Later, they would get up and walk downstairs in just their robes and boxers. Dean would prepare himself a mug of coffee more out of routine than necessity. They could go for a drive or take a walk or spend the day in the little garden they had been tending to in their backyard. (Cas didn’t have any heavenly duties planned and Naomi wouldn’t disturb them after last time if it wasn’t an emergency – her awkwardness at standing next to the couch and relaying not-so-important news while Dean was lying there, his head in Cas’ lap and not letting Heaven’s appointed boss move had been hilarious. Maybe she wasn’t as ruthless as she had been when Dean had first met her, but she had still brainwashed Cas time and time again and that was something he wasn’t ready to forget. Cas had put their past differences aside for the greater good – Dean wasn’t that forgiving. Making her squirm was petty revenge but it made him feel smug.)
It only became frustrating when they still hadn’t found the bastard at the end of the week. They’d spent three nights in a row in its hunting ground with an almost full moon and nothing. At least there had been no other victims – for now.
The Roadhouse was almost empty. It wasn’t always like that. Sometimes other souls wandered in, finding it by exploring the infinity of Heaven. People from different times and places all drinking together and chatting was a pretty common sight.
The guy, more like a boy, really, looked horrible: pale, hollow cheeks, his hair messy and dirty, but his eyes were straight-up creepy, completely milky white, without irises or pupils. Dean didn’t have to be a hunter to identify him as a zombie. Fucking fuck, what the hell?
The psychic problem got solved rather quickly. Turned out Bobby knew a chic who was pretty good and promised to get in contact with her.
As the spell was finished and dust settled down, he noticed the figure standing a couple feet from them.
“Come on, Dean. Bobby’s already seen us and pulled out the whiskey. I think there’s some pie waiting for you, too.”
“Look, I’m no expert. But I know of one.” He raked through a bunch of random-looking notes before he pulled out a scrap of paper. “Got it. Lily Sunder. She knows everything there is to know about angels. Never really believed in that but put this away just in case.”
There was no way in hell he would let their children close to a ritual like that. If Cas really wanted to meet his apparent parents, so be it, Dean supported him. But Claire and Jack would stay out of it.
“Henriksen,” the woman, Lilith said calmly, her smile unnervingly sweet. “This is gonna happen either way.”
Dean’s brain stopped working for a moment, just gaping like an idiot, looking down at Cas’ lips automatically.
“Great idea, Benny, thanks,” Dean sighed. “We’ll probably have the cops here anyway, just because Roman came here often, so if anyone have any… stuff that they don’t want found, get rid of it as soon as possible.”
“I’ll summon Crowley, do what he wants me to. Get your deal repealed,” Cas stood up and walked over to the bed, sitting down on its edge. For the first time since Dean had been conscious he seemed nervous. “It’s your decision, but I, uh, I’d like to come back. If it’s alright with you.”
The news was running and Ash turned up the volume just as much as possible. Dean read the headline and froze.
“Hey, Dean,” Charlie stepped up to him and hugged him tightly around the waist. Dean’s shoulder twitched in pain as he hugged her back. “Thank you,” she murmured into his chest.
The blunt head of Cas’ cock against his entrance sent shivers all over his body and Cas’ drawn-out groan as Dean took him inside was accompanied by Dean’s hitching breath. Cas’ face was visibly red and his pupils blown wide, sweat running down his temple, feathers fluffed up. He was gorgeous and he filled Dean perfectly, the feeling of being complete making Dean’s head fuzzy.
Cas was quiet for a minute. Dean was still skeptical but sorting through eons and focusing on what they were curious about probably wasn’t easy.
He looked down with bleary eyes and the semi-darkness let him enjoy the view without the sun blinding him.
“Cas, this is freaky enough already, please don’t make it worse. Not right now.” Cas still seemed intrigued but he did shut up. Dean could endure it for almost a minute. “Why am I the one who’s stressed out here, anyway? You’re cool as a cucumber, babe.”
“Humanity,” Cas answered with reverence. “Angels don’t feel. They follow orders, that’s why they were created. To look over humanity. There are exceptions, though. Lucifer was one of them.”
This was followed by Dean a short while later, when they had been cuddling in their still new bed, telling him how he’d been every time he’d lost Cas, how it had been harder and harder every time and how he’d just wanted to give up after Jack was born. Cas had held him through it, his chest steadily moving with every breath under Dean’s head.
Now, this morning, with the sun shining through the window and basking in its light, it was not hurried. Dean savored the taste of Cas’ mouth, losing himself in its scorching heat. Cas pressed him into the mattress and grinded his hardening length to Dean’s slowly and deliberately. The amazing friction made Dean grasp at Cas’ hair that earned him a low, aroused groan and a reprimanding nip on his lower lip.
It took a while but slowly they’d sorted through twelve years of friendship and deceiving and sacrifice. Dean hadn’t known he could actually be exhausted when he was dead but those talks had worn him out emotionally like nothing before. He had actually cried himself to sleep (he slept because he could, because there weren’t nightmares and Cas was there) when his angel told him the real reason he’d said yes to Lucifer, that self-hatred and abandonment and Dean – and Sam, most of the time – acting like they didn’t care about his well-being had been the motivation to give up himself so the brothers could have someone useful on their side. That they’d only called him when they needed his help, their own problems always more important.
“I won’t argue this time,” he agreed. He’d have to carry out the guy later, so he should move as little as possible.
“Sorry,” he muttered, pointing at the list in front of him. “Besides the two of us almost everyone here is dead.” He pointed at the names with his pen. “Car crash. Heart attack. Burned-down house. Breaking and entering. Asthma attack. Medical malpractice.” He exhaled deeply. “I gotta check the files. There must be some connections. Probably a mission they want to hush up.”
He thrust out with the blade, the well-practiced movement of his teenage years coming to him easily. It went in smoothly, buried in her abdomen, Dean felt the intestines giving way like butter. He saw her light up from the inside, but not the same way Dick had. No, it was in orange flashes and Dean was absurdly reminded of a flickering jack-o’-lantern.
“Okay, so you burned the body, right?” Bobby asked, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. “Just with a thought.” He wrote down pyrokinesis on his list where he collected the results. “Right. Let’s see those feathers.”
The back door opened with a swift movement and a tall, slim blonde stepped out with frighteningly high stilettos and a pristine white dress under an elegant coat.
“So they don’t have your grace,” Dean said after his first bite. The food was mediocre but it had to do.
“I should feel regret,” Cas spoke up from where he was still sitting, his eyes now curiously studying the corpse. “I don’t.”
“Yeah,” he admitted. He sighed, “Look, maybe Cas can help. But I was the one who left him hangin’. He’s… I can’t bring my crap to his door, okay?”
“He started hearing them when he was at uni,” he recalled a couple conversations. “As far as I know, they’re always there, like some background noise, when you turn down the volume on the radio. They never tell him to do anything, they’re just – present.”
Dean opened and closed his mouth. His family was great. They would let him rest if he really needed it. And hell, he did.
Dean followed her upstairs with a smile and went into the master bedroom where Cas already had a duffel bag on the bed, half-full of clothes. They hadn’t used that since there was just the two of them. Children were easier to handle with suitcases.
“Thanks,” he said honestly, then looked around, getting his gun back from the floor. “This gonna be a problem?”
“Cas,” Dean strode over and hugged him tightly, grocery bag still in hand but he didn’t care. God, Cas smelled awesome and Dean had missed him so much… He relished in the feeling of being in his Alpha’s arms. “You took your damn time,” he pulled back a bit, just to face him properly, the beer bottles clanking as he put them down.
The wings trapped under Cas’ back were twitching and flapping lightly, halves of both of them hanging off the bed. With the lack of natural light they seemed an oily pitch black color and Dean pushed a hand through the feathers closest to him.
Cas wasn’t back by the time Dean went to bed, and worry started to creep in, even when he knew Cas could take care of himself. The two Women of Letters were out there, actively looking for an angel.
He pulled out his fingers and draped himself over Cas, his chest pressing down on his back. Cas lifted his head and Dean caught his lips with his own. The angle wasn’t the best but they had enough practice to make it work, Dean grinding his rock-hard length onto the cleft of Cas’ ass impatiently.
The road back to Burbank was spent mostly in silence, Sam texting constantly and sometimes swearing just to spice it up. Dean wasn’t inclined to speak up either, the fact that they had just got rid of a corpse occupying most of his thoughts.
It didn’t take two hours before hearing a car parking outside. Cas was out the door in a moment, Dean and Sam on his heels.
,” Cas pointed out. “They’ll know something’s up as soon as we tell them we’re leaving. We worked really hard on the trust they put in us and I won’t risk that.”
“Those two probably don’t know they’re looking for me. We’re not even sure they’re looking for an angel. We’re not the only non-human race!”
He followed Cas under the water, crowding him against the tile wall to kiss him senseless, their bodies pressed together. They were soaked in seconds but Dean couldn’t care less when there was so much skin touching. It took a couple of minutes before Cas pushed him back a little, again. Before Dean could’ve protested, he grabbed the bottle of shower gel from the little shelf next to them, pressed a decent amount into his palm, and then passed the bottle to Dean.
“Whatcha mean by weird?” Dean looked between the two of them, anxiety making the already black coffee even more bitter in his mouth.
“Lost to the wind,” Dean shrugged. He wasn’t really surprised. Those two were slippery. Crowley was sure to resurface soon, though. Dean still owed him a favor, after all.
“Can we come in? We need your help,” Dean tried. Those eyes narrowed in suspicion before he sighed – and promptly shut the door in the Winchesters’ faces.
He wouldn’t be opposed to sex, but he would’ve still liked to sleep a little bit more before that. Jesus, he was getting old. Trading sex for sleeping, even just in his head. Damn, that was a new low.
“I… don’t really know.” Cas looked at his desk. Dean grabbed his wrist only to stop him from moving. His hands still had a faint tremor but otherwise Cas actually looked quite alright.
The symbol shone with bright light and the angels were tossed back with inhuman screeches as it flashed on something that looked like the shadows of wings. A moment later the light faded to nothing and they were nowhere to be found, just the distant smell of ozone lingering in the air.
It was a two-minute walk to the First Christian Church. It was mostly empty, just an old woman praying in the front. The priest was nowhere to be seen.
“You think maybe he has your grace?” he asked. They had been thinking in terms of who would want to use Cas’ power to their own advantage. Never considered the possibility that someone would have it for keeping it safe.
Cas was living in a brick apartment complex at Renaissance Place, close to the Public Library, not far from I-65. Second floor, windows looking over the street. All of them was dark.
“It was fine,” Sam answered. They opened the trunk and looked inside. Dean had heard that the dead looked smaller and more fragile but he just saw an unmoving Dick Roman. They got him out and placed him a couple yards from the cars in the dirt.
“I can imagine,” the Omega lied. He’d never really believed in anything, but having your faith turned upside down most likely wasn’t exactly easy to deal with. “Who’s Alastair?” It was a random question, but he wanted to say something.
“It’ll be eighty degrees outside today,” Cas turned the phone towards Dean so he could take a look at the weather report. “Why do you want to wear your jacket anyway?”
Cas was fantastic. He could overpower Dean with Alpha strength easily enough, but he let the Omega do anything he wanted. He handed over the reins without hesitation, even after everything, and Dean wouldn’t take this trust for granted ever again.
“Awesome. Go back to the garage,” he told Cas, handing him the file. “They’ll let you out without problem. You’ve gotta be gone before the alarm goes off.”
“Okay, so all angels have a couple things in common,” Sam started. “The angelic name, for one. I’ve only got six names in total, but all have biblical or at least Hebrew origin.”
“No need. I can sense them,” he said with clear disgust on his face but there was determination in there, too.
“Okay, everyone!” he said loud enough to make the others quiet down. “First of all, I didn’t kill Dick Roman, but thanks for the vote of confidence,” he shot a look at Cole who didn’t seem apologetic at all.
“I think you can get away with mending a bit the cut on her leg and the stab wound on her abdomen,” Sam said as he glanced up from the papers.
“Bobby’s onto it,” Dean sat down with a sigh. “He’s almost back in top shape and he volunteered to tell her what her son has gotten into.”
He felt way better than a week ago. Being home and getting back into his daily routine had helped a lot in dealing with the changes in their lives. It also helped that Cas had learned a trick where he could just sedate someone with a touch. Besides flying, discovering new ways to use his grace was what occupied him the most. Now that he was not sleeping at all, he used the nightly hours to learn control over his new powers – they couldn’t really allow themselves another Dick-incident.
“Bela Talbot’s not that good,” Crowley spoke up. Everyone looked at him as he played with the rim of his glass. “Yeah, she’s a back-stabbing bitch but this is too elaborate for her. She only relies on herself. Wouldn’t use the government, especially the CIA.”
Cas’ face was so incredibly affectionate and hopeful Dean wanted to bask in it forever. He could hardly believe he’d been able to live without it before. Or not before, just, y’know, live without it.
“And he wouldn’t have given it up,” Cas looked back at him with that stubborn, stiff posture. “We couldn’t have even gotten this much if we'd hurt him.”
Cas didn’t give her more than a cursory glance before his gaze fixed on something over her shoulder.
“Okay, I’m telling you something that will sound crazy but I need you to believe me.” She took a deep breath. “Dorothy and I are part of a secret organization, the Men of Letters. We’re mostly just hording information on supernatural lore but sometimes hunt monsters if the need arises.”
He woke up to a killing headache, a blunt pain in his ribs and voices murmuring nearby. The smells were all foreign but for the waft of fresh air coming from the woods. The whole place smelled like werewolf but with three different people underneath, almost overwhelmed by despair and fury. Three. Fuck. And they had killed the Alpha. At least he could recognize Sam not too far from him. He was probably still out cold.
Dean grabbed it with his own and pulled Cas a step closer until they were chest to chest. He could still smell Cas’ shampoo and it made his heart beat faster.
“Yeah,” Cas glanced up at him with the same vulnerable spark that Dean recognized from their conversation at the motel in Waterloo.
The information they got was that Charlie and Dorothy moved here because Dorothy had gotten a promotion (her job was something obscure where she had to travel around the state a lot) and Charlie could work from anywhere because she created and worked on apps and if she got her computer she was unbeatable. Dean translated that into Dorothy’s new mission or case or something was her hunting down angels and that Charlie was probably a part-time hacker at least.
Cas nodded, but they both knew he would just sit at the kitchen table, pretty much unmoving, until Dean called for him.
“He’s on his way,” Victor said honestly, his eyes assessing Dean as he walked over carefully, gun in his hand but not raised. “It’s over, Dean. Any minute now the world is gonna drop on you.”
“Now, I know you’re not here to catch up or for the whiskey. You have an atrocious taste in alcohol.”
Cas caught his eyes and gave him a crooked smile before stepping up to him to help him out of the damn t-shirt, careful with his forearm. His gaze stopped on the bandage.
“That’s a first,” Cas gave him a brief smile. “I’ll be back,” he looked at Dean for a moment longer as if he didn’t want to leave him, then he disappeared at the corner.
The Alpha’s scent turned even darker and he was up and off the bed in an instant, finding his jeans and fishing out his wallet. Dean propped himself up on his elbows and looked his fill. He didn’t have much time as Cas was back soon, pressing him back down with a hungry kiss. Dean took the foil package from him and rolled the latex on with ease, jerking Cas for a few more times for good measure.
“Yeah, but he’s kind of an adrenaline junkie,” Dean bit his lip, but a smile was creeping onto his face nonetheless.
“Dean.” It was barely a sigh but it left Dean yearn for more. Blunt nails were digging into his good arm.
Dean was driving. The car they’d hotwired was a newer model and gray, so it blended in easily as they were going down the highway, leaving Ohio behind them. It was already dark and raining, the wipers the only noise beside their breathing and the low murmur of the radio.
The salt was followed by a tire iron that was apparently good against most monsters or witches or ghosts or demons. Silver could be used as a weapon as Bobby said when he handed Cas his flask full of holy water. The testing project turned into an impromptu lesson on supernatural beings and Dean was glad for once that he learned easier after hearing than reading because there was a lot of information. Cas was neither of the ones Bobby had met or knew how to kill, apparently. He never twitched even when Bobby torched his palm, but he did look put-out when the man stabbed him in the same place. Dean couldn’t even watch those two.
“You can summon us any time, we’ll answer one way or another, but we can’t come to this plane by ourselves,” Naomi smiled again. “You don’t need us in your life, Castiel, you’ve never had. You can handle anything life throws at you and you have Dean. Still, if you just want to chat or need a little guidance, we’re here for you.”
” Henriksen said skeptically, which yeah, it seemed fair. Even Crowley wasn’t sure that Talbot was behind all their problems, but they had no proof to say otherwise.
“Nerds yourselves, then?” she asked as she put the six-pack on the kitchen island. “Already my favorite people around here.”
, Cas,” Dean pointed out, relocating himself to Cas’ side against the car, probably closer than was polite.
“But they’re Women of Letters, apparently! Even if they’re not here for you, they can put the pieces together.”
“Surprisingly fine,” Dean said easily, taking a sip. “And I did retire. Seems like the CIA’s the one who can’t let us go.”
Turned out that Cas was a decent marksman, good in hand-to-hand combat (which Dean had already known), but was seriously deadly with a knife, which was one of the hottest things Dean had ever seen. Even Bobby was openly impressed and that didn’t happen often.
“Yeah, about that Empty shtick,” he crossed his arms, trying to change the topic to what he had more interest in. It worked, because something in Cas’ face darkened at that. “We have to talk.”
“The house was sold before Dad started showing any angelic behavior,” Jack pointed out. “Lisa spoke with one of them before you went away, remember? That’s why they were planning the BBQ.”
“Catch,” he heard Cas’ voice and he had just enough time to turn around and snag the shiny object from the air the Alpha had thrown at him. Sam was treated to the same move. The object was a silver pen.
After they hung up Dean went to find his boyfriend who was leaning over the kitchen table, head bent over a notepad, scribbling something hurriedly.
Eileen was half-sitting on the kitchen table, Cas opposite her leaning against the counter and signing at her. There was a glass of iced tea sitting beside both of them.
Dean kept the shotgun at the ready as they neared the house, the dread only growing inside him with every step.
It was already five in the morning when he scouted out the neighborhood, maybe half an hour until the sun came up. Since another unit was surely on the way, but they wouldn’t try anything until around the same time they’d decided to ambush Dean, he had almost a whole day to collect Cas and vanish. At least he really hoped so. The area was busy and the streets narrow, pedestrians all around. They wouldn’t go to the GSA, that would raise too many questions.
“Of course I called him,” he crossed his arms with an expression his husband would call petulant. Not that he would be right, of course.
“We’ve never mentioned that Mr. Roman is dead, Mr. Winchester,” Morris looked at him with a frown. “He’s still considered missing.”
The situation in his own underwear was what finally made him undo Cas’ belt and sit up to get off his practical black boots. He stripped the Alpha of his remaining clothes, pulling the white boxers off with the pants. Cas let out a relieved sigh that turned into an honest-to-God yelp when Dean laid down between his legs and bit his inner-thigh, soothing the stinging sensation with his tongue immediately.
“There are more to this world then you could imagine,” she started to explain. “There are things out there that –”
Dorothy shrugged off her bag and jacket while Charlie put their dinner on the table. Dean looked at Cas helplessly but his husband gave him a sharp glance and nudged him towards the chairs. The only thing that betrayed his awareness was the slight tension in his shoulders. He’d always been better at hiding his emotions than Dean.
“Why?” he turned to Cas with a baffled expression. The guy was full of surprises and it was such a long time that anyone could surprise him that Dean fell in love with him a little more just for that.
“Cas, that’s not –” he tried to protest but Cas shot him the same threatening glare he’d used at the restaurant and fuck, why was it working? Dean had survived some shit without breaking and Cas could bully him into giving him Baby’s keys with just a look.
“Yeah. Me and Dad paid him a visit a couple years ago, while you were away,” he tried to shrug it off. “He won’t help us.”
Next afternoon, Claire and Jack both asked suspiciously little about the whole thing. Dean should really find out what they were up to these days, just to check that they were safe.
He tried really hard to only look at the information he absolutely needed – like Cas’ address – and not at anything else. That wouldn’t be fair. Dean would like to get to know the guy personally if he’d get the chance. Not that he expected Cas to be very welcoming.
She explained how the underside was way more sensitive and pulled out an actual detailed illustration of their structure. Dean tried to concentrate with everything he had because it could be useful later in more ways than one and studying how things worked was his passion and gave him some sense of familiarity.
Dean thought about Lily and her husband who was also an angel, and as far as Dean knew their marriage was loving and honest. He didn’t say that to the Women of Letters, it was none of their business, after all. Not Dean’s, either.
He'd had nightmares about it for a while, too, his mind giving him scenarios where Charlie didn’t arrive in time or where they found Dorothy already dead. It only added to the occasional horrors of seeing Cas captured or killed by the Men of Letters.
“Great,” she almost growled in irritation. “Just great! So what? Now we have to move? Live like fugitives? Or will you just drop us at Uncle Sam’s again?”
Cas leaned against him and Dean let him nuzzle into his neck, pressing his cheek against Cas’ soft hair.
“I hope you didn’t drive three days with a body in the trunk,” he crossed his arms. Man, Bobby was awesome.
“You’re beautiful,” he heard the whisper above him, and that made him close his eyes tightly because taking honest compliments was not his forte.
“Jealous? No. Angry? Yes,” Dean answered honestly. “It was obvious to everyone Cas wasn’t interested and Roman completely ignored that. I wasn’t happy about it.”
which was the very essence of every angel. What Dean understood was that it was this cosmic, almost inexhaustible energy that ensured everything that made up an angel. So Cas now technically didn’t have a soul because that had merged with his life-force and had become that bluish white light they had seen. It was the reason Cas didn’t need sleep or food anymore – she added that he could try doing those anyway, but it required practice and most didn’t bother with it. That it could be used for healing as much as destruction (Dean’s hangover and Dick’s death being good example for both, not that they told her about either). It was just a neutral energy that’s use depended on the owner. With powerful emotions it could overcharge and made a couple electronic incidents but that was also connected to control.
If you’re reading this, you’ve probably read the whole story and I can’t tell how grateful and happy that makes me. This fic took up the last couple months of my life and I’m ready to let it go. Thank you so much for reading, it means the world to me.
The moment was interrupted by a loud pinging noise and Dean looked away first, letting go and taking a step back.
“Come in, Unit One,” a voice spoke from the radio attached to one man’s vest. “Come in, Unit One. Unit One, respond.”
“Only the archangels and there’s four of them. And maybe His scribe, Metatron, but I’m not sure about that.”
“I still disobeyed and took the easy way out,” Cas explained. “Also, you think demons won’t try to get their hands on an angel who can be tortured? One they can drag down to Hell and ask about Heaven anything they want?” He sighed deeply, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “The only question is who gets to me first.”
Dean waited it out. He knew how they operated, even if he actually had no clue who they were. Stun grenade in under six seconds.
The food arrived shortly, and looked delicious. Dean was quickly helping himself to his, because Cas had been right, he was starving.
“As tall as the Chrysler Building,” Cas nodded. “Six wings. Three heads. A thousand eyes. Rings of fire and a blinding halo.” Now that just sounded bizarre. “There are certain people who can perceive an angel’s true visage. They’re mostly all part of special bloodlines.”
Sam started telling the story from the moment Dean had picked him up at Stanford. As he went on, the older brother watched Cas’ every reaction, how his face grew darker when Sam was telling him about Jake and the Special Children and when he told about how he'd died…
The way up to the third floor was uncomfortably familiar. The complex was in a pretty good neighborhood, halfway between the university and I-90, a well-kept brick building with a park just a couple streets down from it where he knew Cas liked to take a walk occasionally.
“Hey, not judging, you know that. You just got a speed-dial to the parents you’ve never seen. You can feel conflicted about it, babe.”
They were up and ready in another ten minutes, waiting in the living room for Jack and Claire. They both heard when their kids came down and put their bags on the floor.
“Dean, don’t fret,” Charlie grabbed his flailing hand over the table. “We don’t think it’s Kevin but we can’t really rule it out just yet. That’s why we’re asking you. Have you spotted anything strange? Someone not eating on some gathering? Lights up all night somewhere? Being there one second and gone the next?”
“Please, don’t ever do that again,” Dean decided to close the discussion. They should talk it out but time was something they didn’t really have now. “I don’t wanna worry about you more than I already do.”
It took a while for their breathing to get back to normal, and Dean was exhausted and giddy and so well-fucked he felt like he was floating.
Cas went outside to make a couple calls – probably Jimmy or maybe his mother. Sam already found a place to sleep inside and was reading one of the books he’d gotten from Bobby. Dean decided to stick to Baby and went over the sigils Cas had taught them after they'd arrived. He really didn’t want to fuck this up.
Just kissing Cas felt great, his hands roaming all over his husband’s body, grabbing onto his bicep, fingers creeping under his shirt to touch the skin of his shoulders and collarbone. Cas’ palms were sliding up his spine and into his hair, making him shiver.
“Homophobia is a human concept, Dean,” Cas pointed out. “I don’t think God, if He exists, really cares about that.”
He didn’t know how long they were just standing there, making out in the dark when they finally parted, completely out of breath. Cas’ eyes were shining brilliantly, the honey in his scent so overwhelming and delicious Dean couldn’t help but nuzzle into his neck to breathe it in. He felt Cas’ exhale near his ear, goosebumps rising all over his skin at the sensation.
Dean felt lightheaded. He needed to sit down. He leaned against the counter and slid down to the floor because it was the closest flat surface and he couldn’t fall from there. Cas caught him halfway down and they ended up in a reverse kind of embrace to the one in the office.
Then Dean almost collapsed because she was followed by Cas. He was wearing the same khaki jacket, pants and boots he’d wore to Roman’s, but his jaw was shadowed by an almost-beard instead of stubble and the bags under his eyes were prominent even from a distance. He was putting his weight on his left leg – the right one probably still not healed –, his hands cuffed in front of him and he just generally seemed like he’d had a rough week.
He looked straight at Bobby and as Dean watched his eyes lit up with that bright light. However, now there were no wings and nobody seemed to get hurt, thank God.
“Please, please, please…” Dean begged, so close but just not enough, arm straining with the urge to go down and finish himself off.
Dean wouldn’t have minded if he could have taken his time here, maybe eating Cas out until he was practically begging but he was pretty sure Cas wouldn’t appreciate it. Oh, he would be writhing and pushing back onto Dean’s tongue, making absolutely debauched noises, but he would kill Dean afterwards (hopefully metaphorically).
“’Course I do,” Bobby huffed. “You and your brother both. He’s making it a bit harder, I admit, but it’s nothing an old bastard like me can’t do.” He sat down in his chair and leaned back. “What happened, Dean?”
“The vessel of the demon you killed,” Cas clarified. “She was already dead. There was no soul in there.”
The research was torturous and monotone. They flipped through books and old magazines and the Internet. There was the sound of a car outside after maybe an hour, but nobody turned up at the door. Dean stood up after another fifteen minutes and decided to investigate. Neither Sam, nor Bobby even looked up as he walked outside.
“He’s been like this since last night,” Dean shrugged helplessly when the other two glanced at him with slightly baffled expressions. He hugged Sam, inhaling his citrusy scent with a touch of gun powder and fresh ink. He missed his little brother.
“That was interesting,” Sam joined him with an expression that foreshadowed a bitch face and that Dean better start talking.
“True. But that’s me, I’ve got privileges,” Dean shrugged, fidgeting with the lapels of said garment. “And I don’t know if you noticed, but I’m quite fond of this thing.”
“What are you gonna eat?” Dean asked with sudden dread. Cas didn’t eat now, but not ordering anything would be rude and suspicious.
“Dorothy will be home soon,” she smiled at them, leading them into the kitchen. “She’s got held up at work.”
Dean was at the counter with a beer, sipping it leisurely, enjoying Robert Johnson crooning from the juke-box. He could go to Bobby’s later, maybe Karen had a pie in the oven. She did a mean pie. And they could throw a grill party at the beach in the near future. Now he was just glad that he was sitting with some of his family, just enjoying the peace and quiet. The rain outside hitting the windows was a nice background noise, not bothering anyone.
are arguing,” Dean waved between them. “But we should be a united front against the world. You should defend me like a good boyfriend.”
It was a really old building, a two-story wooden farmhouse almost half-collapsed on itself, most of the boards in the porch missing, the roof caved in on one place, the probably originally white paint dirty enough to look an ugly brownish gray. It was probably a century old. There was no vehicle or any hiking trail within sight.
They stayed here, sitting at the piano, holding hands and breathing the same air, staring at each other and kissing the things they couldn't say just yet.
Dean Winchester, the Almighty, Ladies' Man with the Golden Smile. He owned the garage across Cas' library and constantly infuriated him with his loud, brash and cocky attitude, the habitude he had to appear with a different woman every week at the local bar, that manner he had to flirt with everyone, everything about that man angered him.
As he was sitting in front of Cas, he could definitly feel his shoulders relax. Cas had that effect on him.
Sam was lost ; he kept trying to understand, to rise - or to fall - at the angel's level to get why would them default-ridden people interest a divine being. He never was successful in this, never; then he started noticing a change in his brother's behaviour, and everything about angels flew out of his head.
He spent the rest of the day in a haze, his good mood ruined, and when the rainstorm started at the end of the day, Gabriel had bailed on him, he didn't have any means to come home because his car had broken down the day before and he'd be damned before he came to Dean Winchester for help. He was stuck at his workplace. Wouldn't be a problem, right? He was sure he could manage.
Lawrence was a pretty city, with beautiful sights and quirky little places. What he loved most was the giant library towards their house, and he made sure to go over every other day to pick up some new books. Dean snorted and called him a nerd when he went out, but Sam knew his brother secretly loved reading, so sometimes, he
This morning, his mother had called him to try and amend for their pretty broken relationship. He had agreed for a dinner, warning her that Gabriel would drive him and if she wasn't happy to see her older son Cas would not come. She had relented and even been polite about it. Talk about miracle. He was in a pretty good mood opening his library after that.
As soon as they parked, Cas jerked up awake. Dean had to give him credit for the timing. They emerged and slowly made their way up the driveway. Dean was hyper-aware of Cas' presence, his hand brushing his, the little puffs of air from the cold night. They weren't even near the house that the door slammed open and suddenly Dean was engulfed in a storm of arms and legs and nearly toppling over. Cas let out a surprised yelp and Dean started laughing.
When he arrived at the library the next day, Sam didn't immediately noticed anything peculiar about it. Books were flooding out of their cases, Charlie was cheerfully helping Kevin find an old recipe book, and some tree flowered all over a corner.
It's supporting and encouraging, keeping them on earth, making them go to heaven just by being here. It's the smile that brighten your day because it's that smile, the one only you can put on their face.
Turned out Dean was really a knight now. Not like Sam doubted he could, but.... Yeah he definitely doubted. Dean's garrison was stationed in Lawrence, a city at the far west of the country. It was big, way bigger than any of their previous city of residence, but apparently, Dean was a really great knight - not that Sam didn't believe them, Dean did was a scary motherfucker - so they got an update.
That would have been great if he hadn't managed to get lost in the deepest part right away. Thankfully he had some experience, with being the new neighbour every other year, so he performed a quick spell to take him home.
clothes that Sam would approve and that Dean doesn’t think are dumb. A little difficult to balance a now very awake and hyperactive Jack with choosing and looking for the right size of clothes, but Dean can do it, he’s done worse.
Thanksgiving break arrived way too soon for Dean's taste. Before he even knew it, he had picked Cas up and they were driving to Sioux Falls. And while Dean was freaking happy to see Ellen, and Bobby, and Jo,
At the exact moment, the light in the apartment across the road went on, and a face appeared at the window. It was way too blurry for him to figure out who it was and when the light went off again, Castiel was still on his own under the raging storm, yearning for help he knew would not come.
- Cas felt his cheeks redden - he was only wearing sweatpants riding a little low on his hips and a faded, overstretched band tee, and his hair was all spiked up like he had just rolled out of bed, and he was the epitome of adorable.
He just smiled before leaning in, slowly, and kissed Cas for all his worth, like he had wanted to do for so long, but never dared.
But everything had come downhill since. His coffee maker broke down, and God forbid a day without coffee, so Cas had sighed and huffed and grumbled his way through the little coffee shop at the end of the street. Then when he had finally gotten his coffee, someone had suddenly crashed into him and spilled it. On his shirt. Of course the savage hadn't even slowed down, just yelled "I'm so sorry!" before taking off.
Cas didn't move, didn't shy away. Their heads were so close that their breaths mingled together. He was lost in the depths of Dean's green stare, and Dean seemed as out of it as him.
" Love... Love is in incredible. It's finding someone who makes you feel better. They brings out the best outta you, they makes you feel complete but also more yourself.
Dean, who was already on the porch, didn't hear anything. He was used to Sam. He knew he would be on the floor within the next seconds.
Dean was lying on his back, heels in the grass, playing with the little flowers all over him. His eyes were closed, his face relaxed in a way Sam had never seen. He had his head on Cas' lap -
When Dean suddenly had to move out of their little town after finishing his knight training, or whatever was exactly the job he found and wouldn't tell him, Sam begrudgingly put up a fight. Yes, he didn't want to be uprooted another time, leave another community, become the outsider once again. But truth was, he didn't have the heart to disagree with Dean. There sure was a lot of pressure on him lately, and honestly Sam hadn't really made himself at home in Lebanon. Something felt.... off. Was it the way people stared at them like they had the plague, or whispered on passing about "strange", "deviants" or "dead parents", it was a hard guess. The town didn't fit right with him, is all.
So Sam shut up, warily eyeing his brother, analyzing his movements, his words, his actions. He didn't know what was happening.
He meant it. They had spent too many years staring the world down from their codependency. Dean deserved to be happy. Castiel, the lost angel, deserved to be happy. If they both found solace in each other, then so be it.
This night, though, it looked like the universe was out to get him, and the string of profanities he was hissing was longer than his patented Luck™. Which had apparently still not ran out after more than 25 years of suffering. What was life even.
"Yeah, it's obvious you're happy together," Jo added. "I don't understand why you didn't outright tell us you were dating. I mean, you came out in highschool, and we know you."
Dean shut up, so Cas stayed silent, but he was thinking so hard steam could have come out his ears. Dean was revealing himself to be extremely different of the stereotyped person Cas thought he was. And when he turned the TV on with a little "I hope B99 is okay for you?", Cas felt a warm feeling in his belly, his smile grew bigger and-
Sure enough, as Cas and Jo came in, he was being tackled by a mountain of gangling limbs. Cas paused, confused, before seeing the big grin on both of their faces.
- with the softest expression mankind could ever find. They were beautiful like this, sprawled all over the summer green, somehow unbothered by the sun shining through the leaves above.
- Bitch," laughed Dean, ruffling Sam's hair. He then turned around to greet Bobby and Ellen who were standing behind, amused at the brothers antics.
"Aw shit dude." Dean winced, before briefly patting his plaid-covered shoulder, offering a comprehensive smile. "It sucks. At least my dad died before I came out, I don't know how he would have taken it."
One day, after a book that had him ready to claw his eyes out, he decided to walk home the long way : by crossing the forest that was somehow separating his house from the rest of the city.
They looked like they'd rather be here than anywhere else in the whole world. At peace, finally, happy.
Between staying in this hostile excuse of a village or blindly following Dean who-knows-where, it was a no-brainer. People were right, after all, in a twisted, horrific way. When you find you and your brother orphaned after your mother dies and your father becomes crazy trying to kill whoever was responsible, few would have stepped in and become both parent figures for a 6 years old like Dean had. At 10. He was a superhero and they loved each other to death. So yes, Sam admittedly went full force with his annoying-little-brother mode because being the younger sibling is a lifestyle, but he would follow his big brother/parental figure/sole provider of his survival yet everywhere. He just hoped his new home would be interesting, at least.
“In a Claire-scale,” Dean snorted, forgetting his anger for a bit. It would come back later, no problem. “She mentioned you like, three times.”
“Why?” Cas asked and took a careful step forward, putting the beige trench coat down on a chair at the kitchen island.
“Heya, Cas,” he exhaled, letting himself take a step back, a palm sliding over Cas’ chest more in reassurance than anything. The wings were already gone.
“I love you, too, Dean,” Cas gave him another peck and disappeared into the bathroom. He was moving quite fast for seven a.m. but Dean was not about to complain that his husband had actually gotten some rest.
“Get me everything about the wives. As much as you can. The last one’s a priority.” Charlie nodded seriously. “And kiddo?” He waited until she was looking at him instead of typing furiously. “Try to get some shut-eye, alright? Cas needs us sharp and awake.”
Involving Charlie had been Dean’s idea and she took to the operation like a twelve-year-old to waterslides. She had a lot of work to do, from gathering intel to checking out blueprints and make identities that could withstand that background check, but during the actual op she’d need to keep the CIA and the FBI uninformed and far away.
“Will you ride me?” Cas’ husky voice whispered in his ear before distracting kisses were pressed on his jawline and down his neck. Dean’s head thudded against the wall and he arched his back to get even closer, hooking a leg around Cas’ knee.
“As always, first I have to make sure what this lady needs,” Dean patted the hood like they hadn’t had this discussion a dozen times before. “I’ll talk it through with Cas and then call you about the expenses.”
It was good to just mingle with their friends, help out and chat. It felt normal. Dean hadn’t felt normal in a while.
Their honeymoon had been consisted of the two of them driving through the States for two months straight. It had been awesome, visiting every just slightly interesting thing together they’d found. Also, fucking each other’s brains out at every occasion. They hadn’t really cared about the beds (or any other surface) then. Dean still put a pack of wipes on the small table next to the bed for clean-up later.
Dean rolled his eyes at the tone but went to work. He wasn’t about to be easy on Cas, though. He pressed wet kisses on Cas’ abdomen and nipped on his happy trail before undoing his jeans and yanking it down his legs. Cas’ shoes were still on so he had to fight with those, too, before he was successful. While he was occupied with that, Cas rummaged through the bedside drawer to grab the lube.
“Dude, this thing’s banishing angels,” Dean pointed out and looked around uneasily. “We better get out of here. I’m starving.”
“I’ll be back shortly,” Cas started walking towards the street and Dean just opened his mouth to shout after him when he added, “and yes, I’ll be careful!”
“Ready to go,” Charlie reached their table and threw down a couple bills to cover their orders. Dean didn’t even put up a fight about it.
“I left the military,” Cas hummed. “They didn’t take it well. I was the youngest and we’ve never been really close, maybe except with Gabe. Mike and Luke are way older than me and they have their own rivalry to focus on, and Raph literally hates me.”
“You should sleep,” he looked at Cas from the corner of his eye as the Alpha leaned against the table and glanced up at the sky.
Fuck. They’d never lied to them before, it was the foundation of their relationship, the reason the kids trusted them so implicitly. Telling them everything would entail talking about Dick and that was risky at best and catastrophic at worst. For God’s sake, Jack got a stomachache every time he lied!
“Sam’s a wild card,” Dean said as he turned to find a parking spot. If everything was going well, they would be back here and getting out in half an hour. “And I trust you to have my back.”
He straightened up to pull off his shirts, feeling Cas’ hungry gaze on him the whole time. When he looked back down, he needed to swallow at the sight. Cas’ face was flushed, hair even wilder than usual, pupils blown and lips bright red. His muscles were shifting restlessly under tan skin.
“Then just at ours and nothing that could harm him or others, got it?” he was surprised by how carelessly that rolled off his tongue. Maybe he was actually working through this shit.
“Because he cared about me,” Cas grinned as he went back to collect his clothes. “Didn’t understand why I would want to fall, but he cared. Maybe enough to try to keep me safe from the others, to delay the repercussions.”
pretty clearly. Dean scowled right back but didn’t say anything when Cas grabbed his hand and pulled him out into the chilly night.
“Won’t it be, I don’t know, telling that Roman disappeared and now we just pack up and disappear into the Midwest?”
He breathed in sharply when he realized what Cas was trying to say without actually saying it. He hadn’t had issues with Dean flirting with others because Dean had always come back. But then Dean had left. In the middle of the night and without a proper goodbye. Hell, he'd broken up with Cas through text.
They spent the next couple hours mostly in silence. It wasn’t strange, they’d done that countless times before, only enjoying the comfort the other’s presence brought. They avoided Las Vegas entirely, so that was an added bonus.
