Before Sherlock could even ask, John explained, “Sherlock, I…I want to do this. For you. And I think maybe for myself, too? Oh hell, I don’t know what I’m feeling, Sherlock. I just…Can we just leave it like this for tonight?” He drew his arms tighter around Sherlock. “I like being close to you, I know that. Later tonight I’ll go for a walk and figure things out on my end, but I like helping you. I like…I like keeping you safe. Even from yourself.” John laughed a little at that as if to soften it, but both men knew the hard truth of the matter.
Sherlock’s hand remained where it was as he responded in a small voice, “I don’t want to, John. I mean, I do, but…I’m so torn.” His voice wavered a bit as he added, “I need you to help me, please.”
Sherlock gasped, but showed no signs of struggle as the impact site blanched, then slowly filled in with pink. Emboldened, John rained down five more hard blows all at once, until the accumulated pain spilled over Sherlock’s threshold and he finally cried out wordlessly. This sudden sound startled John, and he was hit all at once with a sober kind of guilt. Oh God, he thought, I’m hitting Sherlock. I’m causing him physical pain. On purpose. Horrified, John pulled away from Sherlock and began to speak, “I…Uh, Sherlock, I- “
“Alright. Well, I agree that this sort of thing won’t work in the field. We’ll work out some other protocol, yeah? I’m not sure what it will be yet, but I’ll be there with you. All you need to do is clue me in, and we’ll face it then and there, together. I promise.”
”Good,” he murmured as he rocked back on his heels, noting that Sherlock had opened his eyes again and was watching him. “Very good. Honestly Sherlock, that’s such progress you’ve made already.” John paused for a moment, an idea dawning on him: As a reward for solid progress, and as a sort of test, he offered, “How do you want me to hurt you?” Both men understood that if Sherlock didn’t ask for something reasonable, John would have to withdraw the choice and proceed however he saw fit.
Sherlock drew in a breath, still looking to the side of John. Everything inside him had been shoved down by the accusation, and he now felt exposed, with nowhere to hide. “Yes.”
“This is what’s going to happen, Sherlock. You’re going to pick one of the emotions that overwhelmed you today, and you’re going to walk me through what happened when you felt it.” Sherlock’s eyes widened, but he didn’t say anything. “I’ll be here, just listening. I want you to know that you can say anything to me, ok? Anything. I won’t run.”
He noted with surprise that he was standing defensively, presenting his shoulder and hip to John, hiding behind his long bones and presenting a visually smaller target. Hiding, yes. Hiding because of his feelings of humiliation and of deep shame. Suddenly those two were very easy to identify within himself, separating from the overwhelming mass to suffocate him. Sherlock felt himself being swallowed easily, but was unprepared to come out the other side to find…a sliver of genuine quiet. Relief and gratitude toward John. There was a certain peace to hitting a brick wall, to being stopped by an immoveable object. It was a forced opportunity to take a vacation from perfectionism. Sherlock knew, somewhere deep in himself, that he was supposed to let go at this point and give himself completely to John.
Sherlock was shaking, just a little bit. He took a long breath in, hating the way his lungs shuddered. As he exhaled slowly, a very small amount of the tension in his arms and shoulders drained. His forehead weighed heavily on John’s shoulder as he breathed in again, this time a little smoother, a little calmer. The shaking was already less, but not gone.
Sherlock simply nodded and walked over to his dresser, opening an ornate box on top of it. He pulled out a folding knife and opened it, revealing that the entire weapon was matte black. Practically invisible in low enough light. It wasn’t very long, but it looked sharp, and all in all it was a very nasty little weapon. Also, highly illegal. A subtle, unsettling feeling was growing in John’s stomach, and his cock softened just a bit. Sherlock placed the opened knife on the dresser in plain sight, and then climbed into the bed to join John.
“…It doesn’t have to be me. In the past, I have used other people, I suppose. They didn’t realize, obviously, to them it was just rough sex.”
Seeming to respond favorably to the military brusqueness, Sherlock tried to nod in response. Being reminded that he couldn’t move his head sent a new rush of blood to his already-throbbing cock. Perhaps John felt this sensation too, because he simultaneously leaned in to gently kiss Sherlock’s captive mouth and reached down with his other hand to wrap his fingers around Sherlock’s cock, meaning to be gentle but radiating possessiveness instead. The sudden touch wrenched a surprised whimper from Sherlock, muffled by John’s lips, and his hands shot to the damp hem of his dress shirt, desperate for something to hold. Afraid that John would doubt his own boldness, Sherlock slowly rolled his hips once, his breath hitching as every sensitive inch of him dragged along John’s hand.
John gently ran his fingertips over Sherlock’s ear, continuing the movement to infiltrate Sherlock’s thick, dark hair. He was careful to keep the movement casual and soft, until he reached the nape of Sherlock’s neck. John’s hand sprang like a trap, grabbing a handful of the beautiful hair that he had wanted to touch for so long (Wait, really? That was news to John…Or rather, it wasn’t, was it?) and tightening his fist around it. The moan forced from Sherlock’s throat jolted down John’s spine, and he forced himself to focus.
John was startled by his own thoughts reprimanding him as he watched Sherlock stretch: Oh my God, don’t look at his body. He’s naked. His arse is turning red because I hit him, I hurt Sherlock. But of course John was looking at Sherlock’s body. He couldn’t stop himself. He couldn’t help but notice that yes, what he had noticed about Sherlock earlier was an erection. And then Sherlock had turned the water off, and turned to face him. John blurted out, “Is sex always tied up in this?” A blush began creeping over his cheeks as he tried to recover, “I mean, your…I just…”
John broke the kiss and smiled into Sherlock’s face reassuringly as he moved away. Going into doctor mode, he instructed, “Now Sherlock, I want you to shower briefly. I’ll stay in the room with you, don’t worry. I’m going to start the water a bit cool at first, to reduce inflammation in your muscles. You were sitting still for who knows how long, I’m sure your body hates you right about now.” He had kept his tone light, but realized that he was prattling on a bit just to fill the silence. “Ahem, rather…cool at first, then warm to relax, alright? Doctor’s orders.”
“Sherlock,” he started again, “You’re…you’re incredible.” There was a huff of laughter around his cock, and John squirmed before he went on, “No, I mean it. You- ahhh, God…You pay enough attention to get everything, ahh, perfect. I don’t even…Fuck, Sherlock, FUCK, that feels amazing. You look amazing, you’re amazing…” The words tumbled from his lips as he tried not to buck too wildly, trying to just let Sherlock do what he wanted without interference. He didn’t get a verbal response, but Sherlock’s eyes crinkled a bit before closing again in concentration. John lost himself in the sensations, and he vaguely hoped his moans conveyed to Sherlock what his words had tried to.
“None of your business,” Sherlock supplied, outwardly cool. “This has nothing to do with you.”
John had been taking a nightly walk alone after telly time, which helped to clear his head and also meant he was able to fall asleep sooner. And if it meant that when he came back home Sherlock was already in his own bedroom with the door closed, that was just a rather happy accident. There had been no opportunities for awkward moments of parting for the night, where one or both might have expressed interest in the night not ending yet. It was safer that way, for now.
Only one sound was different from the rest, spoken so softly that John wasn't sure if he was meant to hear it.
John was taken aback, and didn’t have a clue how to answer that question. “I…I don’t know, Sherlock. I’m…helping someone I care about?” Sherlock’s breath slipped out audibly as a small smile crossed his face. He relaxed back against the tub, turning his head to the side and closing his eyes. He looked…really vulnerable, in an endearing way. John realized that he had never seen Sherlock like this, so approachable and soft. He wanted to reach out and…What? Touch his friend? Touch his friend’s naked body?
Although he didn’t feel particularly refreshed by the thought, John did notice a loosening of his muscles, just a bit. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, shaking himself physically at the end of the exhale. Ahh, there. That was a bit more like it. He was a little more clear-headed and calm now, and wanted nothing more than to sleep peacefully through the night. John smiled as he let himself fall face-first into his bed, not caring that he was still dressed except for those damn shoes. The pillow his face pressed into was soft, and he sunk just a wonderful bit into the mattress. The contented smile on his face faded a bit, however, as his sleepy thoughts wandered to his partner in, well, solving crime. John knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to shrug off the no-leads, no-progress day as easily as he had. Sherlock had a way of staying in whatever mood life directed him to, especially if it was a pissy mood.
John didn’t even notice Sherlock’s weight because his mind was racing. Taking in the information, weighing different options, trying to formulate what his next words would be. Without fully thinking out the next strategy, John let words flow from his mind freely. He just had an urgent need to keep communication going, and was as surprised as Sherlock was to hear himself ask, “Does it have to be you?”
John was terrified. Give him an active battleground with wounded to attend to any day over this. That, he would be familiar with. This, on the other hand, was completely new territory with no rules of combat. If this were combat, what would the next move be? The answer came to him: recon. Gather information. That was going to be difficult, and take tact. John desperately did not want to spook Sherlock. He had never seen Sherlock like this before, and didn’t want to make it worse.
”Up,” John commanded. Sherlock swiftly rose to his full height, squaring his shoulders and raising his chin defiantly. John reached out with both hands to grasp Sherlock around his hips, making sure to brush his fingertips over the graveyard of past cuts inside the left hipbone as he maneuvered Sherlock to stand in front of the bathroom mirror. It had the effect he had hoped for as Sherlock’s breath stuttered in sharply as his hands came to rest on either side of the sink. John pressed his body in close behind Sherlock’s, tugging his pants down just enough to fully expose the grouping of scars. The newest one was still scabbed over in an angry red line. A guilty sort of fascination showed on Sherlock’s face as he stared at that spot in the mirror.
John expected Sherlock to continue his frenzied pace and perhaps launch himself on top of John (oh, please), but Sherlock just stood there, looking at him…studying him? It made John uneasy, his mind flipping through physical features on his own body that he’d rather not have studied, thank you very much. He just laid on the bed, watching Sherlock watch him. It seemed like those eyes scanned over every inch of him at least twice before John’s nerve broke. He threw one hand up and if the “Sherlock!” that flew from his mouth sounded like a whine, it was Sherlock’s fault.
John waited, but no further response came. He was at once encouraged by Sherlock talking and frustrated by the vague words. “But…why, though? What does hurting yourself accomplish?” He hated hearing those words out loud, hated that he had to ask that question of his closest friend.
John knew that the afterglow had to come to an end sometime, but he was still a bit disappointed when Sherlock drew a breath in, then spoke in a voice very close to normal.
Sherlock had been still and silent the entire cab ride home. His face had been held in a very careful, cool mask as his eyes stared straight out the window, not even tracking motion on the way past. As John led the way up the stairs to their flat, Sherlock’s mind was still buzzing with thoughts and emotions that had been with him all evening, worse now than ever and still rising. He was drowning in them, and yet as he tried to regain control over himself he realized that he couldn’t understand what was in his mind. He seemed to be keeping his thoughts from himself, blocking them out and shoving them out of sight. This was what John had been trying to tell him about, Sherlock realized. He had been suppressing things for a long time now, and now that he was trying to own them, he found that he lacked all the tools necessary.
Something very like defiance flashed in Sherlock’s eyes at the prospect of a challenge, leaving behind an intent sort of heat. Wordlessly, he finally unfolded his body from itself and set to work unbuckling John’s belt. John had to briefly squeeze his eyes shut against the rush of blood to his groin, urgently instructing himself that now was not the time to get excited. Not yet. He felt the belt slide out from around his body and opened his eyes again in time to watch Sherlock take the belt from his trousers entirely, double it over on itself, and extend it back toward John. His eyes never left John’s face. Clearly, Sherlock felt that he had risen to the challenge, and was now issuing John a challenge in return.
As if he had been listening to John’s inner monologue (Which would be impossible, wouldn’t it??) Sherlock sat up suddenly and twisted enough to look John in the eyes. He looked impatient. “This is stupid,” he snapped, “We’re both aroused, and we both want this to lead to a sexual encounter, am I right?”
Sherlock’s stomach dropped as he looked with new sobriety on his actions earlier. Why the fuck had he grabbed the case of razor blades? Why the fuck hadn’t he said anything, anything at all to John? Not for the first time, Sherlock felt afraid of his past actions. They weren’t as logical as they had felt at the time. Now he could see the reality, why? Because of pain? Because he had orgasmed? Did he really need John just to be able to see clearly? That thought was utterly terrifying, and unacceptable. It made him feel helpless. He felt a new kind of tremble in his body, not the weakness of climax or the instinctual urges to escape this pain. It was fear. Quieter than he meant to by far, Sherlock managed to breathe out, “John?”
“And when you’ve done that, I will hurt you.”
”Look back at yourself,” He ordered. “And now say, I am allowed to feel pain.”
John loosened his grip on Sherlock, slowly, and moved back until he was holding Sherlock’s shoulders at arm’s length. He tried to read Sherlock’s face, but his eyes were still unfocused, now pointed at the floor between John’s knees. But John noticed they were just a little sharper now. There was a ghost of an angry draw to his eyebrows. Perhaps he was starting to feel like his usual self? Hopefully. John’s mouth was dry, but he felt like he should say something. “So, ah… So you were in here because your emotions were heightened, and from the day we had I shouldn’t wonder, and…Ah fuck, this hasn’t helped, has it?” He let go of Sherlock gently, respectfully.
The belt had gone, but John had continued spanking him by hand through his orgasm, Sherlock realized belatedly. John’s other hand was braced against his bare side and there was safety and care promised in that simple gesture. As much as Sherlock yearned to lean into that, he was horrified to find himself begin to struggle, one hand rising from the armrest and moving as if to push John away. John seemed prepared for that, however, and smoothly grabbed the arm and twisted it behind his back. The blows continued.
As Sherlock slowly moved toward the bed, seemingly unaware of his own half-hard cock, he asked John, “What sorts of things are you into, sexually? I’d like some sort of base knowledge to work with.”
As John reached for him, Sherlock’s body apparently reached critical stress. While trying not to cry, he had neglected to calm his breathing, and that brought consequences. Specifically, an acute light-headedness swept over Sherlock, and his body abruptly sagged, his legs suddenly boneless. As he began to fall, he felt John’s hands move from his shoulders to wrap Sherlock in his arms instead. John’s knees hit the floor first, and he grunted but held firm, making sure that Sherlock’s impact was less forceful than his own. And then they were both kneeling on the cold tile, John’s arms around Sherlock’s shoulders, Sherlock’s arms still tightly around himself, forehead resting on John’s shoulder. John found himself staring at the tub behind Sherlock, wondering what the hell had just happened.
When he saw an opportunity to, he darted a hand behind Sherlock to tweak the delicate skin he had laid into earlier, causing a sharp gasp before his hand was smacked in reprimand. John’s hand stung, another trophy. Any true annoyance conveyed by the smack was betrayed by the smile that John saw on Sherlock’s face as the detective maneuvered him around and shoved him down to land flat on the bed.
John had meant it as a joke to lighten the mood, but Sherlock immediately replied with a flat, “Among other things.”
The look on John’s face honestly made him wish he hadn’t said anything. The sharpness of it. There was very little softness to John at all right now. “Well Sherlock, I think we made her pretty worried when she heard me hit you in the bathroom, and especially so when we ran off right after, don’t you?” Sherlock looked to the side and didn’t answer. “When I worry my friends and tell them I’ll call them, I like to keep my promises.”
Sherlock dropped his eyes to the side, breaking their eye contact. He still didn’t say anything, but he was clearly uncomfortable with the situation he found himself in. John’s next words, however, caused Sherlock’s eyes to snap back up and fixate on the man crouched in front of him.
“John.”
John wasn’t sure exactly how it would all come up again, but he wasn’t surprised when Sherlock showed up looking particularly defeated and uncomfortable the next morning while John was watching telly on the couch. He mumbled something while avoiding looking in John’s direction, instead fiddling with the sash of his robe. His silky pyjama bottoms shifted as he took an aborted step toward John, then coughed instead and stayed where he was.
They sat like that, just watching the telly in comfortable silence. Sherlock’s continued submissive positioning was an apology for his failings yesterday, a show of gratitude for the support today, and a promise to honor John moving forward. Both men understood that. John settled his hand on top of Sherlock’s head after a while, not massing or a reward, but a claim. Part of Sherlock wanted to resist it, wanted to buck the claim off and run, but it was a small part. Mostly, being claimed made his chest feel tight and warm. He felt loved.
Sherlock yelled as John’s belt struck across both cheeks at once. And just like that, more powerful waves than before tore him completely from the sandy metaphor. There was nothing but the pain rolling him around between blows, nothing but his own sobs and shaking body, nothing but the ever-solid presence of John, John who was saving him. Who loved him. Each blow from the belt was an intensely bitter-sweet gift.
Sherlock had let go of his chin and moved down John’s body, not touching but oh-so close to skin on skin contact. The heat from their bodies mingled, and still there was no contact. It was instantly maddening. Only when John took his gaze from the knife and looked down at Sherlock who was (Ohhh God) on all fours between John’s legs, only then did Sherlock smoothly lower his lips to kiss the head of John’s dick.
We all know that John has a thing about danger, right? So there's a knife in this scene, but it's never used, I swear. It's just...ambiance, weirdly enough. Warning about that, though, just in case.
One last urgent thought addressed to himself: Don’t hide your reactions. It pleases John to see your reactions. Then the touch left his lower back, and a moment later contact was made against the meat of his arse cheek. Sherlock grunted and pushed his forearms into the armrests, straining his muscles. Panic tried to rise up as he realized that was the hardest John had ever made the initial hit, and would only be increasing the force from there. However, it was too late for second thoughts.
Pride swelled up inside of John before he could temper it, reminding himself to be very gentle with these beginning stages. Relapse was a very real possibility, and John didn’t want to set either of them up for failure. “Sherlock, that’s a good sign, that’s the proper way of feeling emotions and then letting them go. I don’t mean to sound condescending-“ Alright, but it was a bit like giving him a taste of his own medicine, wasn’t it- “but I do want to stress that this is what’s healthy and normal. You feel them, you learn from them, and then you let them float off.”
Before the pain of one hit could fully recede the next one would land, like how waves on a beach would retreat only to be crashed over by the following wave. In this scenario, all of the forces tormenting Sherlock’s mind were represented by the sand underneath. As one wave drew back, the thoughts were closer, more visible, within reach. Then the next wave of pain would come and provide distance, a barrier. And then it too would recede. These waves, this beach of limitless sand, became almost as real to Sherlock as his own mind palace, meticulously designed and created.
Thank you all for your patience, please enjoy.
Only the running shower seemed alive in that room. A few seconds passed, though they felt like hours, until Sherlock broke the stalemate by taking in a sharp breath. Immediately he used it, schooling his face into a cold mask once more, to address John, his voice low and unfriendly. “Get out.” Before the two words were fully out of his mouth, however, John’s brain had kicked back into gear and he threw himself at Sherlock without a second thought, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and wrenching it forcibly away from his body. He snatched the razor blade out of his hand, then stared at it for a solid beat in his own hand before hurling it away from himself as if badly burned. A slight smear of blood lingered on his palm.
“ You lied to me, Sherlock.” The condemnation made Sherlock flinch, his face turning to the side. It offered John a good view of the handprint he had left on Sherlock’s cheek. The fact that it was still red made John deeply uncomfortable, but he didn’t regret putting it there. It had been the right call.
Sherlock took in a long, deep breath, then gave a soft sigh before closing his eyes. “I was frustrated today,” he began slowly, seeming to weigh his words more than usual. John noted with pride that Sherlock’s voice was only slightly guarded, and noticeably steadier than John would have expected under these circumstances. As silent praise and encouragement, he moved his hands up Sherlock’s head until he could gently massage his temples with his thumbs. The tiny circular movements seemed to ease some of the tightness in the detective’s brow as he continued.
The two men stayed like that for a few precious minutes, just breathing and existing and letting the real world creep slowly back in. John began stroking Sherlock’s hair again, earning a content-sounding hum as Sherlock leaned into the sensation.
“I have hurt myself in the field.” The tone was terse, but John didn’t take it personally. He knew it was a difficult thing to say out loud. Fuck, though, to think that Sherlock had ever been in such pain that he couldn’t even wait for the relative privacy of his own home…Had John been with him on these occasions? Had he missed it? Fuck. John’s heart ached intensely.
It was funny, the two men hadn’t addressed what had transpired between them, and yet there was nothing uncomfortable about that silence. In fact, they had been acting more comfortable with each other. The air was cleared, and that had been good enough for now. Every evening they had settled down in the living room together, sometimes in their own chairs with the fire going, and sometimes on the same couch with their thighs touching. One night, they had ended up under the same blanket. There was a happy, comfortable progression taking place, if very slowly.
Sherlock’s eyes opened and looked up at John. “Yes, you helped. And if you want to go now, that’s fine. I’m not going to hurt myself tonight, doctor.” John hesitated, then spoke up softly.
Embarrassment and shame showed their ugly faces once again, but Sherlock noted that he also found the situation to be exhilarating. He couldn’t have moved even if he wanted to. He didn’t have much time to linger on those emotions, anyway. John was carried by his own momentum, and with a consequences-be-damned mentality, he slapped Sherlock’s arse cheek harder than he meant to. The sound was similar to when the impact had been against Sherlock’s face, and the sting in his hand felt just the same.
“Sherlock?” John called again, softer this time, edging into the bathroom. He left the light off, his eyes having adjusted to the low light. Sherlock still didn’t respond. He was shirtless, vertebrae uncomfortably prominent from being slouched foreword over his own lap. One long, pale arm was braced at the elbow against his thigh to support his bowed head, and the other hung like dead weight away from his body. The hall light glinted off the razor blade in that hand. John’s stomach dropped, but he didn’t feel the same sick shock as last time.
“This isn’t about to be a lesson about coping skills, Sherlock,” John was saying. “I’m not trying to change your emotions or what feels like the truth to you. This is just the pain that you’re obviously desperate for.”
Sherlock stood up and let the blanket fall to the floor, suddenly nude and radiating confidence. It was a stark contrast from the silent form who had been cocooned in the blanket just minutes before, and honestly, it was shockingly attractive. The sudden rush of blood to John’s cock staggered him for a moment before he realized that Sherlock had grabbed his hand. Sherlock pulled his captive behind him, striding purposefully toward his own bedroom, and John was bemusedly content to let himself be dragged.
”John…” Sherlock drew in a shaking breath before confessing, “I know now I shouldn’t have brought…that. I don’t know why I did. I don’t know why I didn’t tell you. I shouldn’t have lied to you, John, and I should have asked you for help. I don’t know what came over me. I’m sorry.” John eased his grip on Sherlock’s wrist, allowing him to replace it on the armrest while sobs took over his vocabulary.
And then the next blow didn’t come.
Sherlock fought his way through the rush of relief and arousal enough to weakly reply, “Medic.”
A very small voice came out of the space between their bodies, “In a nutshell.”
Sherlock did as he was told. He would have done anything John said. Anything. There was none of the effortless grace that usually dictated his movements, only desperation that had him tripping over his own movements. He was already feeling the tide rising again within him after the initial relief at John taking control. He had the promise of rescue now, but every second he had to wait was swiftly becoming agony. Now that he was fully naked there was no distraction, nothing to busy himself with. Sherlock tried to focus on the present, to ground himself. John seemed to be watching him, evaluating him. What did he see? Sherlock began cataloguing.
Confusion and anger exploded in John before he got control over them, carefully wrestled back behind his tight façade. He knew that showing too much of what he was feeling would overwhelm Sherlock, push him into a corner. But God, how could Sherlock have put him in this situation? If some anger showed, perhaps that was good. He needed to know. But John had watched the struggle on Sherlock’s face, and there had been no malice in his answer, no aggression. Just a statement of truth, without backing down and hiding from it. At least he was being truthful now. And that look in Sherlock’s eyes. Once the cold mask had fallen away, John could see the plea evident in his eyes. It was like Sherlock was being consumed, lost in it.
“Hmm?”
Maybe (definitely) trying to see what other noises he could evoke, John moved his fingers down to Sherlock’s neck, seeking out the knots he would certainly find there. As he kneaded gently, Sherlock’s moan did increase in frequency and volume, and John half-suspected that he was playing along. And what if he was? They were two adults in a…a relationship of some sort, and they seemed to be hinting at the same progression. But Sherlock had been through a lot this night, and John did wonder, would it be taking advantage if he took control tonight in a sexual way as well? He wasn’t sure, and didn’t want to risk it. Damn.
Sherlock was beginning to be pulled out to sea by the waves, the sand still visible but not nearly as close. Now it was just the physical pain. Nothing but physical pain. Oh, fuck. The relief from mental anguish had, until now, let Sherlock ignore the fact that physical pain was overwhelming in a different way. Now he felt the full bodily effects that had been building, his tensed muscles, whimpers and pants falling from his mouth, tears in his eyes and on the seat under his head. There was no beach, only a metaphor for a man desperate not to feel his pain to hide in. Fuck.
Sherlock tried to focus on the structure of John’s ligaments and muscles, on the form of the bones that propelled the doctor through his daily life. There was a sense of order here, and it was calming to get lost in naming the anatomical parts while cataloging the small shifts and noises coming from John. Sherlock knew he was keeping his Captain-esque composure up for Sherlock’s sake, and he appreciated it. He appreciated the affection of the gentle head massage as well. Sherlock could still feel it, the overwhelming and vague force that had been there when he woke up. The foreboding feeling that had been at once familiar and yet unexamined and unknown, and therefore terrifying. Sherlock Holmes did not run from such things, he faced them head on stubbornly and bravely. But he had failed when he tried that approach before with this particular beast. It clouded his judgement, he knew that. And now John knew that as well. They were both aware that Sherlock was here, at John’s feet, because it had showed up again and Sherlock had not sought his own release but had run to John for structure and protection.
Sherlock’s knees buckled for a moment at the lack of expected contact. Every inch of his skin that had been struck now buzzed terribly, blood just under the surface boiling. His heart dropped. Had he ruined it by trying to dictate the process? Was that the end? It couldn’t be, please, John couldn’t lead him this far and then leave him alone. Could he? But he wouldn’t, not John. Sherlock needed to be able to trust John. He couldn’t stop. He couldn’t-
John stared hard at Sherlock. “Are you mad? Of course it’s got to do with me! I’m your flat mate, your business partner, I’m your friend! Of course this concerns me!” The feeling in John’s stomach of being punched was loosening, but he wasn’t sure that was any better. Now it felt like his stomach was actively twisting. Words were falling out of his mouth while he was distracted by the intense discomfort. “I’m angry, Sherlock! I’m angry because you should have told me, you should have…Hell, I don’t even know if I should feel angry. I mean, I feel…Oh, Sherlock,” he finished miserably. John suddenly felt exhausted. He closed his eyes slowly, painfully.
He felt the warmth of Sherlock’s mouth leave his body, replaced by rough, warm breaths. John lifted his head to see Sherlock’s face, pinched a bit in concentration, about three inches from his too-sensitive skin. Sherlock had picked up the pace on his own body, and his breath came out even rougher. Maybe a little pained. Fucking Jesus fucking Christ…Watching the pace become punishing, John had the presence of mind to worry if Sherlock was going too hard and too fast with no lube.
One long-fingered hand grasped John’s chin delicately, and he let Sherlock move his head to the side until he was looking at the knife, still across the room on the dresser. When a smaller rush of adrenaline arrived, John was ready for it, riding it into that heightened state with more excitement than he had expected. Okay…This was good. This was really good. His cock was suddenly full again, more so than before. Fucking Sherlock…Sometimes it paid off to have a boyfriend who can (not actually) read your mind.
“I didn’t catch that, you’ll have to speak up.” John made a point to use his ‘doctor voice’, the steady and professionally warm voice that promised good care without judgement.
After about two minutes, John snuck his arm along the top of the couch behind Sherlock, but he didn’t push any more than that. He suspected that the other man was very raw, and needed a brief vacation from feelings. That was fine, John very much understood that need. He focused on relaxing his own mind as well, letting the inane chatter of the game show host soothe him. John even began to gently snort laughter out of his nose at particularly witty remarks, and suspected that he heard Sherlock do so a split-second before he did, just once. Brilliant bastard, of course he would get the joke before John did.
Sherlock gasped as he was moved quickly, but his body remained pliant. He caught himself with straight arms against the porcelain of the tub floor as he was lowered. Water from the shower, still running warm, played with his hair and ran gently down one side of his face. The front of Sherlock’s hip bones had hit the side of the tub, and he was acutely aware of a small, sharp pain caused by the force to his recent cut. His pants had been loosely arranged around his hips to begin with, and now with all this movement…they were around his knees, puddled on the tile floor. When John had first entered the bathroom, Sherlock had felt vulnerable and exposed. Now, he realized, that had been nothing.
A distant comedy sitcom tune played in your head.
You and John exchanged a quiet look again. "Oh, there was a message left for Alex on the landline. Hold on I'll get it for you." A text came up on your phone from Sherlock once she left. It was of a painting hanging on a white wall. A dark blue starry sky hanging over a dark and gloomy city reflected in a river. You wordlessly showed it to John. The Lost Vermeer.
You were scared, naturally. More scared than confused, or it could’ve been the other way around. Either way, scared and confused. Scared of getting involved, and baffled by the whole situation. You were needed in the man’s house? like to give a testimony? when you talked you thought you made it clear you being there was an accident. You got peckish after a job interview and stopped for a sandwich.
Both he and Sherlock stayed silent. The only true response John could think of involved saying she's right and that just felt like an insult.
"Not a great name for a car renting business," John muttered looking at the card.
"No, we had a break in though. Nothing was taken."
Your brain felt like a big tornado stuck behind a wall or a monstrous whirlpool stuck behind a dam. You knew your brain was a mess, to say the least, but the full might of it failed to reach your awareness.  It was like all your emotions were trapped behind a glass wall.
"That, John, is our next move," Sherlock said and left to get a cab. (y/n) shrugged and handed him a box of Chinese food with some plastic cutlery in a bag to match hers and trudged after Sherlock.
After you left a cab took you to some lab and you reached the conclusion that Sherlock spent about half of his time riding cabs and the other half being infuriatingly vague.
"Our fight wasn't about the contents of that. It just had a picture in it. A picture of my sister."
John still hesitated. He looked at you with worry in his eyes and you remembered the way Sherlock looked at you that morning. When you talked about Theseus and his eyes bore into yours. He was hard to read but he didn't seem to agree when you called yourself ordinary.
John sat down next to him so that their knees brushed against each other. His eyes were soft and pained as well. He looked well, pure. Passionate and intelligent and easy.
Somber was the best way to describe the mood in that cab. Dull and gloomy.
"Me." Sherlock finished and turned with a flourish, leaving Lestrade behind as John and (y/n) followed him. Once they were out of Lestrade's earshot and a good enough distance away from the other cops, Sherlock turned to John and (y/n) and stopped them.
Your hands closed around two packs of premade ravioli from the fridge and you walked to the cashier. The cashier was a nice tired-looking man with vitiligo that asked you how you were and then bid you goodnight as you left. Light rain was still going but it wasn't bad, it seemed to go well with your mood. The cold wasn't too bad and you assured yourself that you'd be at their house soon. You passed a total of four people before you threw the receipt in a recycling bin and then passed three more before you arrived at the front door. John opened the door with a tired smile and helped you find everything you needed for the food.
The silence remained unbroken. John had taken to letting Sherlock lead, mostly out of relief. Sherlock reached out to take the empty takeout box John was still clutching and gently put it down to get his focus.
Her back went straight and she nodded. With a pang of guilt, John realized he was glad.
"I am playing the game against him. You can't fight a sword with a balloon."
"Ah," Sherlock replied, enjoying himself. "Because Mr. Ewart is a liar."
You could play the game too.
Sherlock smiled, a smile you couldn’t quite figure out. It was pleased or excited, and it made you feel like what you were about to hear wasn’t pleasant in the least.
A break to google Vermeer and let the paint dry revealed that Johannes Vermeer, a Baroque (art style using contrast and movement) artist, specialized in domestic scenes of dutch middle-class life, and died leaving his family in debt. People believed that he started most of his paintings with grey and brown paint and then went over them with color, and researchers came up with a list of different paints and materials he used. In theory, this could all be useful. But certainly not to you, and not on your own.
None of them said a lot since you came in. Sherlock was sitting in his chair in silence and John was standing next to you in their kitchen. Apart from the polite "thank you" and greeting he was intent on staring at Sherlock and thinking to himself. You didn't mind the silence much. When the ravioli was ready you poured the water in the sink and John called Sherlock and handed him a plate.
"Security guard?" was John's guess and (y/n) stayed silent.
“You noticed that ambulance worker was hiding something, you proved that you were a fast thinker with the bandages, and you showed emotional strength so if you could kindly come with us to look at a car-” John cut Sherlock off before he could get any snarkier and finished for him, “he would be very grateful.”
Your stomach was aching sharply in protest and your head was throbbing with a whirlwind of emotions and maybe even dehydration.
"You with the police?"
"He kept scratching it. Obviously irritating him, and bleeding. Why? Because he'd recently had a booster jab. HepB probably difficult to tell at that distance. Conclusion? He'd just come back from settling Ian Monkford into his new life in Columbia. Mrs. Monkford cashes in the life insurance and splits it with Janus Cars".
At that point, Sherlock started laughing loudly and John had a small smile as he explained. "The Baker street rite of passage. Mycroft Holmes takes you to a remote location and offers you money to spy on his brother."
John expected Sherlock to be more like him, to be better. He wasn't.
(See the end of the chapter for
Your whole evening was one big series of unfortunate events.
When she spoke, her fear became obvious to John.
"Maybe they're the only ones who found a good forger?" You joined in," Maybe they were the only ones to afford the crime dealer."
You weren't sure what to expect from the crime scene as you stepped out of the cab with your heart hammering. As soon as the door opened a strong stream of wind burst through and chilled you to the bones. The place itself was a sort of abandoned gloomy field with a huge pile of brown dirt in the middle of it. Three cop cars and some cops were spread around the area and crime scene tape shimmered in the wind, the smell of salt entered your nose and the sound of waves reached you from a distance. It was weird trying to imagine something bad happening there. And you weren't sure you wanted to. A flower of fear bloomed in your chest
we know?"
"Then we must assume that some poor bugger's primed to explode, yeah?"
After that moment at the restaurant, every lie Sherlock told, every time he insisted on not sharing his thoughts, every time he kept things to himself, and especially the time when he let that poor woman sit and wait in terror as he was getting ahead of the bomber just felt like a slap to the face. He wanted Sherlock to be better and not just for Sherlock's sake, but for his own. It was selfish but there was no point denying it.
"If all goes according to my plan, he's not going to have much room for reaction," Sherlock said, and at that moment it was clear that no matter what, the detective would only leave again when they were safe.
“Ah, shame. Really could’ve gone for something interesting.” He sounded like he cared even less, but also like it gave him more energy, a bit more emotion showed on his face.
"I'm gonna need a sandwich," you said and went to order one. Letting the tv talk about the sudden death of Connie Prince and show the woman from the picture when she was still alive and hosting her makeover show.
Sherlock and you locked eyes, he scanned you and then went back to the window, not unkindly.
There, a list. You pulled out your phone and exited the disappointing email you just read in favor of looking for Charlie's contact and making failed attempts to compose a text. Without the basic knowledge of what you could say to her, what exactly is even happening, and whether you'd be endangering her, all those attempts ended up fruitless.
You were already involved with police cases, which you never thought you'd say, but that made it weird he wouldn't tell you about that one. "So... you've got to go off on your own? Can't someone else do it?"
Later that night, after everyone went to their beds in silence, John's brain was far away from his.
Sherlock looked prouder than a million cats combined. "A cog in my machine. Homeless network."
John reached out and took Sherlock’s larger hand in his own, and led the still-naked man into the living room where he wrapped him in a blanket they kept on the couch. He sat down first, then gently pulled and fussed until Sherlock was seated next to him, wrapped in the blanket and with his head very slightly resting on John’s shoulder. The silence was only broken when John flipped on the telly and found the trivia game show they usually watched at this time. Sherlock’s breathing remained steady and calm. The heat between their bodies grew slowly, and they both relaxed into it.
Sherlock’s mind was starting to become calmer, now that it was clear that John wasn’t just going to leave. He wasn’t even shouting anymore. There was no aggression in John’s questions, and Sherlock noted that even though he was clearly uncomfortable, John was putting in great effort to understand him. John cared about him. Although he didn’t know what John was getting at, Sherlock felt comfortable enough to answer again.
John’s face, which had been watching Sherlock coolly, became animated as he rushed out, “Molly, don’t be mad at me, alright? Trust me, I-“ He broke off abruptly, interrupted. Sherlock hated that he could barely make out her tone of voice, let alone what she was saying. John made a surprised “huh,” then nodded as he listened. “Yeah,” he agreed, “something like that. Yeah, you’re welcome, thanks to you too. Bye now.” A smile lingered on his lips as he put the phone back into his pocket, but it slipped off completely as he returned to the task at hand.
“Fuuuuck.” John hadn’t intended for that to slip out, but it was an honest reaction at least. This could easily become too much, too overwhelming. The soldier aspects of himself were not generally ones he wanted to bring into his romantic encounters, and especially not his sex life. Those were…separate. That wasn’t the person he was currently, away from active duty.
Sherlock, however, didn’t seem to notice the bump in the conversation. “Exactly,” he remarked dryly. He seemed to find a sort of bravery to elaborate, and his voice hardened a bit as he explained, “I know that I can’t fucking trust myself. Obviously. I can, generally, trust other people’s morals to control their actions. In essence, to keep me safe while I get what I need.”
John believed Sherlock when he said that nothing would come of the knife. He took a deep breath and looked into himself, taking stock of his mental and physical symptoms. The knife had certainly heightened his awareness of everything around him, every detailed sharpened to an almost-uncomfortable clarity. His body had tensed up as it readied a defense, and as he forced his muscles to relax, there was a special ‘playing with fire’ sort of rush to it. John knew that by relaxing, he was slowing his potential reaction time should anything happen with the knife. But he trusted Sherlock, and the knife was on the other side of the room anyway. He felt himself slip into that thick, addicting, heady arousal that can come from facing danger head on.
Any distance from the sand, from the emotional pain, was blessed to Sherlock, allowing him room to relax and recover from the onslaught. He basked in the physical pain, wishing for more but scared that it would be too much to take. But that was John’s decision, anyway, and not on Sherlock’s own shoulders. Even that knowledge let him feel safer, protected from himself.
“I didn’t do it.” Sherlock’s voice was flat, but John knew him well enough to detect a hint of pride behind the controlled fear. For a moment John didn’t understand what he meant, but as realization dawned on him, hope sprung up before he could caution it.
Startling just a bit at the noise, Sherlock kept his eyes closed and seemed to ponder for a moment. He sounded a lot more like himself when he muttered, “Selfish.” Sherlock began to reach a lethargic hand toward John’s fly as if to open it, but John gently caught his hand and held it to his lips instead.
John lifted his eyes to meet Sherlock’s, but the taller man tore his hand out of John’s grip and took a step back, arms wrapping protectively around himself. He repeated himself, “Get out,” although there was no force behind the words this time. They were spoken softly, as Sherlock’s gaze rapidly became glued to the tile floor of the bathroom. His gaze became unfocused, taking in everything but seeing nothing.
My goodness, I've been going THROUGH it. 2018, huh? What a year. You can probably tell from the content shift that I'm personally in a much healthier place. This work continues to be a very personal reflection, and honestly I'm not sure if I'll continue it. Maybe a fun lil epilogue story. Really, like when I first posted part one, I suppose it'll be up to the response. Hopefully if this resonates with you, you can find some reassurance and understanding in this series. Love ya, mwuah
Using the softest, least judgmental voice he could muster under the circumstances, John began his mission. “So…I…help me understand, yeah?” He hesitated, and got absolutely no response from Sherlock. The wasn’t even a change in his breathing. John decided to brave on. “I mean…Why? Why do this to yourself? Is it…is it for pain?” Sherlock stiffened a bit at that, and even though John was made queasy by hearing the words come out of his mouth, he was glad for a reaction. He didn’t know whether to keep pushing or not, when Sherlock surprised him by answering.
John’s heart stopped for a hard moment before it continued, just a bit fast. “Well, yes, aren’t I?”
Sherlock snorted but didn’t vocalize any outright rejection of the process. Getting the hint, John let silence fall between them once more, and switched from petting Sherlock’s hair to massaging his scalp with his fingertips. He made sure to dig in with the pads of his fingers just enough to get that firm,  insistent pressure that was a point of pride for John. Nobody had ever been left wanting from a head massage from Doctor Watson. The tiniest noise of pleased surprise drifted up from Sherlock. John knew that with all those thoughts constantly whirling around under that scalp, the massage would prove to be intoxicating. It wasn’t long before moans began escaping from Sherlock’s lips, soft but deep and rumbling.
”Yes, John!” Sherlock burst out, sounding angry. “Obviously it hurts, fuck!”
The two of them didn’t speak as Sherlock’s breathing slowly evened out, his chest moving more fluidly. The tears that initially dampened the soft fabric finally stopped, and the only movement from either of them was from deep breathing. They were both obviously exhausted. After some minutes of that, Sherlock cleared his throat and spoke in a remarkably stable voice.
Sherlock appeared to really consider the situation for a moment, then replied, “No.” John’s heart skipped and he moved closer to Sherlock before he could stop himself. Incredibly, Sherlock seemed to relax further as he approached, rather than tense up.
He turned to completely face John, face and eyes downcast. Arms loosely at his sides. Submissive.
“Sherlock?” John called out once, hesitantly. There was no response. Before he could panic, John rushed to calm himself. Honestly, Sherlock had always left the flat at all kinds of hours, for all kinds of reasons. If John got bothered by it every time Sherlock was suddenly gone, he’d never have a moment’s peace. Sherlock was probably chasing down some clue, most likely in a way that presented at least a bit of danger to his person. That started a low anger bubbling in John’s gut, and he made a mental note to talk to Sherlock in the future about keeping himself safer from here on out. Actively seeking danger was not too far from explicitly hurting oneself, making it unacceptable in John’s mind.
It had a deep red carpet big enough to cover almost the entire living room floor and the walls in front of you were olive green. The place was dominated by warm tones blending with the morning sunlight. Two armchairs sat near the fireplace and a cluttered table was up against a wall and covered in books from the many bookshelves around it.
John Watson had a history with danger, some might even say an addiction. He didn't see danger as a good thing, quite the opposite- he resented Moriarty for being such a threat, he resented every single criminal in their city and he wished they'd all just go and get shot but when he was in danger the only thoughts in his head were basic and all of life's complicated issues washed away.
As if on cue, the doorbell sounded and you nearly jumped out of your skin.
It was morning and you were having a cup of tea that was supposed to take the pressure off finding out whether you got the job you interviewed for two days prior or not. It was like your brain was determined to show it wasn’t damaged by the blast and get very nervous about something as trivial as a job interview.
"I'm sorry, brother!?"
John said "yes" at the exact moment that Sherlock said "no".
"You know what I thought about?"
Along with the flat a short man, with short light hair was revealed, wearing a beige sweater. He seemed unlike Sherlock in almost every way.
Impossibly fast your eyes darted around the place. You weren't thinking, you were scanning the living room. Then the bathroom, bedroom, and every single room. You looked everywhere. Everything worth stealing was still there and there wasn't anything new inside. Everything seemed fine. It didn't feel fine, but everything looked just like you left it.
You woke up with three things the following morning: a jumbled brain full of thoughts, a paralyzing weakness, and a sharp pain in your stomach.
"He's a difficult person so try not to take anything he does seriously. He's a bloody brilliant detective but that's where his good qualities end," John sniffed and seemed to reconsider his good qualities.
"I get where you're coming from I truly do," you told John," but I also get where he comes from. God, if I could choose to be like him..."
After figuratively leaning back in exhaustion, you proceeded to do so literally as well. You sighed to yourself and told him the one certain truth you had: "well, I'm not turning back now."
A look at his wall told you he wasn't a huge art fan, but you still asked her to break the silence: "Did he know anything about art?"
The lab was full of white. White desk, white drawers and white walls. It was shiny and clean. Devoid of emotion, but it seemed to work well with the array of tools and vials scattered around all over the place. It gave the room a scientific and sleek atmosphere. A place for organized people with organized minds.
You faked a shocked gasp. "Sherlock not being a prick? Impossible."
"Sorry what?" That made John stop in his tracks and turn around. He wasn't laughing now.
"He was a good man. He was my good man. Thank you."
But the man was too powerful. They were all stuck in his game. The people and rules he used were like strings bound to their wrists, pulling and making them dance.
Some angst. Some fighting. Some thinking.
(See the end of the chapter for
Okay, took me more than a month but I did it. Have fun you beautiful people of ao3.
"The Golem. Is that who we're looking for?"
“H-, how could you tell?” you walked inside.
"Botox injection."
"Why are you doing this?" Sherlock asked.
"Yeah, I guessed." His tone wasn't hurt, he just sounded tired. It was a good sign to you in the way an empty milk carton is better than an expired, full one.
As always I would love it if anyone here left kudos and I'd also love to know what you think about the relationships in this. I put a lot of effort into making descriptions and giving all the characters emotions and development so I'd love to know if you can tell.
are we looking for?"
“What he means to say,” John gave him a look, ”Is that he thinks you can help us get justice”.
The phone revealed an image of the Thames. Taken somewhere between Southwark Bridge and Waterloo. Sherlock announced this to John, who was looking down at his chair.
Most of what he said boiled down to "we'll keep doing what he wants and try not to at the same time". Sherlock was clever, he seemed like he could stand a chance in the game. But there weren't even any set rules.
She joked about her brother, Kenny, a lot and in a lot of rude unpleasant ways.
When the woman left again,  John's phone rang. At first, you thought that was from Sherlock too, but John said nothing of it until he finished reading.
Your feet stopped you in front of a crosswalk whose light immediately turned red, so you stood there and waited for it to change. You checked your phone for a text from John but it failed to come, leaving you wondering about what transpired between him and Sherlock after you left. Somewhere in the city was another kidnapped person decked with explosives at the nonexistent mercy of a bomber slash general crime dealer. They might be sitting in a park full of children and old men feeding pigeons. Maybe they were in the police station. Maybe they were a cop. Maybe they had children.
"The morning after the explosion, Sherlock's brother came into the flat. Sherlock did anything to get him out except physically doing so, but before he left he talked to him about a case he had. Sherlock for some reason refused him, even though he had nothing else to do. That's the reason I told him to take it. But instead, he threw the case at me. The deja vu is hitting me at full force. Basically, I went to Mycroft and told him Sherlock wanted me to gather information for him, and now I'm somehow stuck with it."
"Not much cop this caring lark". He said as he scanned the news websites for relevant information. He said it because it was true. He said it because he cared.
His fiance's name is Lucy.
Thinking back to the day before, you realized a bunch of things. You barely had anything to eat, any time to process everything, and any ideas to help bring down the bomber.
Despite the blood, you could still tell the car looked like a rental, all shiny and new looking. It struck you as odd that the entire seat was covered in blood. If the Ian person was driving in it wouldn't there be areas without it?
"My contact at home office gave me the complete records of Raoul's internet purchases." He said looking at you and then turned to Lestrade. "He's been bulk-ordering Botox for months. Bided his time, then upped the strength to a fatal dose, so yes."
He could feel Sherlock smiling triumphantly at him as he reluctantly moved him away from the couch and into his bedroom.
And there you sat, like dominos. And the cab was hurtling you deep into the night.
Sherlock put down his phone with a grunt and walked to the stack of papers. No doubt looking for anything involving the Thames.
John could've sworn Sherlock's hand was shaking then, not with fear, but with hesitation. Uncertainty. He awkwardly placed it on her back and then moved it to her shoulder. He immediately pulled it away when she jumped and slapped the note down on the table with a sharp sound. Sherlock looked at him with something that could've been desperation.
"I don't know the truth." You picked up a box with noodles and started eating, your stomach had a very strong opinion about that and you realized you let another day pass without eating. You also remembered the last time you ate.
“To win his game we must play it”.
"Not about. Exactly a pint. That was their first mistake."
Quick addition I wanted to publish since I don't wanna lose my momentum.
Part of you expected him to change. Expected his face to morph into an expression of anger. Part of you was tensed up and ready for him to start threatening you. Ready to force the thoughts about the danger you're in from the bomber away and reinforce the wall of your resolution. But his demeanor stayed the same. "But we haven't even discussed the details. You wouldn't want to miss out on an offer such as this, I assure you."
"So sorry to hear about-"
After their conversation earlier in the morning, they split up to get ready. Sherlock was ready first, he wore a black suit jacket and pants with a light blue button-up shirt. He walked into the empty living room and saw the tv wasn't saying anything that mattered he sat down on the couch and stopped listening.  A few moments later, John came into the living room and (y/n) probably replaced him in the shower.
You were standing at the entrance to your house when it occurred to you. What if the bomber was behind it all? What if he was there?
"Erm," Sherlock gave him what he hoped to be an encouraging and earnest look and John kept talking. "Looks painful, deep. I suppose it would've bled quite a lot."
The drive to baker street was long and you were all drained. Your stomach grumbled but you didn't have any food so there was nothing to do other than wait for the cab to arrive at its fixed destination. You were too exhausted to do anything else. A detached numbness engulfed you as your muscles buzzed with weakness and pulled you down with them.
The event that followed was the opposite of simple.
(I didn't explain those very well but I've been writing all day so hush)
A google search of Professor Cairns revealed that she was a Professor of Astronomy at the planetarium. Naturally, you doubted she knew anything about paint. So the research you did started feeling less useful and more like a burnt meal. More of a waste than anything.
"I know, I won't." Sherlock tentatively placed his hands on John's shoulders and he fought not to relax into them. "You upset me and I let that interfere with my judgment. It won't happen again." When Sherlock said that something vanished behind his eyes, and John didn't like it because whatever it was made Sherlock withdraw his arms and turn stoic. Wordlessly, Sherlock stepped away and signaled for (y/n) to come back.
And instead of giving him reasons to, or at least using the word please, Sherlock decided to childishly reply with "No."
John was fumbling with his hand and rose up from the couch. He gave you a look that said "keep him busy" and walked away saying he needed to make a phone call. You wondered if it had anything to do with the cat scratches on Connie's arm. The cat smelled like bleach or some other form of cleaning material and now John's hand did too. The whole house did.
"Yeah."
“Why?” He said with the aura of someone who didn’t really care about your answer.
His memory went back a bit more.
"And a happy new year," Lestrade added. "Well, I better get my feelers out for this Golem character."
Idle chatter was coming out of the television behind Sherlock and the few other people in the restaurant.
John wasn't sure what drove her to agree to stay at their place. Despite his detached restlessness he was exhausted from the day and just the ride to the flat gave him enough things to occupy his mind for weeks, so he was just glad they could help her.
Sherlock looked like a cat, proud and confident. Convinced of his worth. He spoke the whole time with charisma and enthusiasm and then proceeded to banish Lestrade so he could do his job and declare that they're going to get the bomber's attention and let him know the case was solved. He briskly turned to the exit and started walking with his coat waving behind him like a cape.
Her face was so blank and colorless even her lips were pale. She didn't look away from the text when she inhaled like all the air in the world wouldn't be enough, she didn't look away from it when she exhaled shakily, and she didn't look away from it as Sherlock touched her back.
"Fantastic," John said incredulously, and while Sherlock wasn't sure where they stood he was relieved to see John was no longer mad at him.
You looked back to put some of it on your plate despite your lack of appetite and when you turned around Sherlock's empty plate was sitting on the table. His hand reached into the plastic bag you got at the store and pulled a small bit of paper out. When he showed it to you you were hit with an icy wave of shock. It showed a picture of familiar towering walls. A picture of a couch and a kitchen. It showed a soft and dirty rug on a smooth floor, and open windows showing the afternoon sun shining over the street you lived in.
Knowing John for a while meant you learned to expect his comments. Not generally revealing any new information but still breaking the silence. "Old block of flats," he said, "he certainly gets about."
"I don't know if it's him. I do know," he paused, "that I'm trying to stop people from getting hurt. I also know I can't. All I'm doing is trying. And I'm not forcing anyone to help. (y/n) has a choice, and you. You can leave."
"I have a question."
"And you find that easy do you?"
John exhaled slowly. "Don't be like him, Sherlock. He's hurt us enough. He threatened Harry, he invaded (y/n)'s home, he's killed people."
"He's in his late 30s, I'd say. Not in the best condition."
When you were finished with painting and everything was dry, you cut up some holes in the fabric and opened up a new roll of tape. It made a loud noise when you pulled some out and wound it through the holes and through the bars on the flat's window. It was a message. A sloppy, handmade, message for the bomber.
The metal felt cold in your palm and you shoved it in the keyhole. It refused to move. You tried twisting the other way that usually locked the door and it worked. But the door refused to open.
"Focus on the next move, right?" (y/n) said, looking as scared as John felt.
Sherlock seemed to find something very interesting behind you and then turned and walked to the road. "Anybody have more notes?"
“I don’t arrest people. I merely consult the police when they’re out of their depth and right now I’m playing a game with a bomber,” Sherlock replied in almost a single breath. And then his phone rang. His actual phone you guessed, since it wasn’t pink. He talked with some Lestrade guy for a minute and hung up.
"No, not the couch." Sherlock pleaded weakly.
The cat was very eager to get on John, who wasn't having any of it. He tried to get it off of him and you took it with an awkward smile. "And to the public, Mr. Prince. She was very dear to all of us." You said.
Sherlock took a step back so that the three people standing in front of him looked more like students as he lectured. "What do we know about this corpse? The killer's not left us with much, just the shirt and trousers. They're pretty formal- maybe he was going out for the night? No, the trousers are heavy-duty. Polyester. Nasty. Same as the shirt. Cheap. They're both too big for him, so some sort of standard-issue uniform. Dressed for work then- what kind of work? There's a hook in his belt for a walkie-talkie."
Something in Sherlock's eyes grew softer. Soft like his curls, and his silk shirts, and the way he held his violin. Sherlock let all of his vulnerability show in his eyes, his eyebrows moved ever-so-slightly closer together and he blinked in such a human way it hurt. "Apology accepted, John," his voice was low.
"Wait but Connie and Kenny had a huge fight. She was gonna take him out of the will, how is Raoul the houseboy part of this? Unless that would mean he'd be fired or something." You looked at John and then back at Sherlock.
“Alright, hello, who are you?” Detached tone, curly brown hair, and he was surprisingly calm for someone wearing PJs who clearly lived there.
At the restaurant, John and Sherlock sat down. The icy wind had gotten there too and was making the beige curtains by the window twist and fly up.
He smiled.
"Lestrade will text you the gallery attendant's address. Find out all you can about him." He turned around with his coat swishing behind him. "Best of luck to you!"
"Eh?" Lestrade looked at him in bewilderment.
Okay, he's not serious. The only way John can operate with this is if he assumes Sherlock is just messing with him. That's it. Sherlock likes the game, he gets high off it. Solving the cases and finding clues. The biggest smiles he gets are when all the attention is on him and he's explaining how some poor bloke ended up stabbed 1001 times. Especially now, he wouldn't quit. The bomber, crime dealer, child killer, or whatever- he gets Sherlock. He built the perfect game for Sherlock to play, and Sherlock enjoys it. John has seen how involved Sherlock's become with finding the man. He wouldn't quit. Not now. He'd burst in at the end and explain how he knew everything from the start. He has to.
"Don't make people into heroes, John." He breathed, "heroes don't exist and if they did I wouldn't be one of them."
He came back a few minutes afterward and paused in front of you. "She was trying to steal some equipment, didn't even need to speak with her to tell. Here you go," you caught your bandage and walked over to a trashcan. When you turned away from it you could see him walking back inside his house.
As the sun rose further, John rose too. He seemed different, spiritually, as he walked downstairs. He was full of soft angles and general determination. After coming down he made a beeline for the tv, turned it on, and sank into the couch. After a moment you sat on his left and eventually Sherlock hesitantly settled on his right.
I'm gonna cut this rant off now so I can publish the chapter, so thank you for reading and I hope you have an amazing time of day or whatever- year. Let's settle for an amazing year :)
It was natural, he was worried too, but some part of him constantly pined for the simplicity of battle and when it eventually came, he didn't mourn the peace. When it slipped like sand from his fingers he went on autopilot and fought to get it back.
John scratched his hair. "Has anyone else been around asking about Alex?"
John quickly walked over to him - but not before rolling his eyes- and started muttering something about the importance of food and water, or something about the brain and oxygen, He wasn't really paying attention. After seeing he regained consciousness, John said to him "Bloody hell Sherlock, you need to take care of your body." and had to fight the urge to hit him with his leg.
Also, breakup update: I went on a run today. I never run, but it was numbing in the best way possible.
"Do you reckon this is connected then?" Lestrade asked Sherlock. "To the bomber?"
Despite your nerves and the whole situation something about the two men and their dynamic was oddly comical. Sherlock Holmes, the rude and apparently not-so-bad-detective that stirs trouble, and Dr. John the apologetic side-kick who provides him with medical knowledge (maybe?) and does his best to deal with the trouble. They almost reminded you of a married couple or cartoon characters.
His text caught you in your house. Since the man was a detective you weren't surprised he got hold of your number.
"Columbia."
John was so surprised that for a moment he just stared at him. He was so angry. For the entire day his anger has been snowballing and he almost wished Sherlock fought him. The simplicity of the situation struck him like a figurative punch and his body, with all of it's might, wanted John to throw an actual one. "You did. You hurt me. You acted just like the bomber. Just like Moriarty."
At some point, you shifted and moved to look out the window. It was sprinkling outside and blackness was covering everything like a thick blanket. The occasional lamppost lit up the sidewalk with its orange light and disappeared behind you. You stopped at a red light about ten minutes away from the house and through the window, you saw a medium-sized store with a 24-hour neon sign flashing red and blue and stepped out of the car. You couldn't tell if John was awake or not but Sherlock was looking at you and you assured him you'd be at their house soon. You walked inside and got momentarily blinded by the white lights inside.
"I am on fire!" he said. And you believed him.
"Hey, took me a while to find the place so I'm sorry for being a bit late".
Your questions never left your mouth since John gave you a look that meant "watch this" and Sherlock started explaining. "Mr. Ewart had a 20,000 Colombian peso note in his wallet but told us he hadn't been abroad recently. When I asked him about the cars on his wall I could see his tan line clearly. No one wears a shirt on a sunbed. That plus his arm".
“Hmm,” you let your head rest against the side of the ambulance you were in. You weren’t tired but the energy seemed to have drained from you. “Why do you care about me, are you some journalist?”
I would also love to get constructive criticism or hear any ideas you might have.
Sherlock folded himself carefully from the wall and pulled a gun out of seemingly nowhere. (y/n)'s eyes stayed on it a bit longer than necessary, but she kept herself under control.
"Who?"
If anyone's worried- I'll be okay :)
The bomber was shaping the world into his own. Blowing up a building and injuring a civilian. Kidnapping a woman to communicate with him. And then using the murder of a young kid to toy with Sherlock. He turned people into pawns and then used the damage he caused to make the game more exciting. When the next call came he wasn’t surprised it was another stolen voice. A display of the bomber’s power.
. No wonder he just left the car and told the driver to take me wherever. God, I wanna punch him, I feared for my life."
The plot isn't gonna get all deep and depressed from now on (there will be emotions though), we will move past this and establish the relationship between the reader and everyone further while making her role clearer. And don't think I've forgotten about Mycroft ;)
"Oh god," John sighed in disappointment more than concern and for a moment you thought you did something wrong. "I'm gonna put a leash on that brother of yours, Sherlock. Or a collar with a bell on it."
"Tonight," he continued after allowing them a moment," they unveil the rediscovered masterpiece- the Vermeer painting. Now, why would anyone pay the Golem to suffocate a perfectly ordinary gallery attendant? Inference the dead man knew something about it, something that would stop the owner from getting paid 30 million pounds. The pictures are fake."
"The wound is well, it's clean. Looks fresh. It's almost too clean."
Letting that happen again wasn't an option. You knew what to expect and had better knowledge of your limits. It was just so hard not to get swept off with the detective, doctor, and criminal cases.
John couldn't help but smile a bit and then scolded himself for it. "Because I care about you. A lot. I care about you and I shouldn't because you don't- Because you're not, well, because you're
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well," she laughed, "he always burned the popcorn. Me, I have a gift for it. I always get it perfect but I was really tired one evening so I let him make it. We watched a documentary I didn't really care for and he commented on how the narrator sounded as if he ate burnt popcorn and he just started impersonating him. Westie just made it so funny, he made everything feel light and funny and fun. He liked to do impressions and he always made us laugh. Especially when we'd go out to the pub. One time he spent thirty minutes talking to us as-"
"Yes. It's a new pet it's bound to be jumpy around her she ought to have ended up with a scratch you saw them on her arm yourself."
. John felt guilty before but now he felt like punching the stupid genius-detective. So this is Sherlock's payback? Forcing him through this? Sherlock says that he cares, but then decides to leave just to prove a point? Just to show John his "emotions" aren't enough to solve a murder? And he also whisks (y/n) into it, naturally. From the start, John worried about her joining, not because he didn't like her, but because she was like him. He punched the seat of the cab and then waved an apology at the poor driver.
"Oh, it's not. You uh, fire away." Kenny said and the cat walked away.
"God, listen, I've got a thing. It's another sort of case Sherlock threw at me, and his brother is involved. He's secret service and everything."
Sherlock answered and put it on speaker. He said ''hello'' while looking at John and when the reply came his eyes moved to the wall.
"Unnerving. Scary. It felt like a lot of responsibility."
Instead of explaining anything, Sherlock got up and out of the door, handing (y/n) - who was wearing something new - one of his coats and causing John to make a 180-degree turn and return to the street. Sherlock walked to a homeless person and she handed him a piece of paper, then he turned around to them with a grin and handed it to John.
"Since when do you care about this stuff?" John kept his eyes glued to the sky.
It only seemed right to respond with "Starving." And it wasn't surprising when the pink phone chimed with a notification right after you said it, like it was taking pride in your response. An air of reluctant acceptance settled over the three of you and you were tiredly looking at the screen. You felt sicker than you already were.
Lestrade was confused again. "Backside?"
A loud silence stretched out between you. Sherlock looked ecstatic. "Like a crime dealer..." you said. "Smart".
He sat on the far end of the backseat so you came closer to the car until you were level with the window, but still too far for him to reach. His voice was casual when he spoke.
"So how'd he do it?" Lestrade asked.
"Do what?" Solve the case? I don't know."
"Yes I'm aware John." He said, this time almost back to his usual self.
“So why are we here again?” John spoke.
"In a bit."
He opened the pink phone and there was another message waiting for him. Four pips and a picture of a car. He gave Lestrade the phone and the machine in his head ticked away.
Leaving the so-called game wasn't an option for you. For more than one reason.
The high Sherlock got from the case revived his mood and gave him energy again, so, eager not to lose that energy over trivial comments, Sherlock continued with his explanation. "First, a question- have you ever heard of the Golem?"
There was plenty for you to think about, like how in the world are you going to help bring down some criminal mastermind?
There's a chance you sounded accusing to him, but again, you couldn't be bothered to discover if you had.
You were still wearing the clothes from the previous day. They didn't do much against the cold but you welcomed it. The itch in your mind returned and you crossed the street with long meaningful strides. The building across the street was still in varying degrees of destruction. It felt real, and you felt unsafe.
"Will caring about them help save them?"
"God," John facepalmed, "we have to assume he's not serious. We just have to keep going and assume he's gonna barge in at the end and tell us he solved the case while still in the cab."
John lost the energy he had earlier but he was still curious." So if her brother didn't kill her for the money what happened?"
"Any Ideas?" Lestrade asked after giving Sherlock a moment to gather information.
"I'm not going to bed, John."
A grin of incredulity stretched out across John's mouth and he scoffed. The only person who remained unreactive was (y/n).
You leaned next to him on the counter, he didn't even look at you.
She nodded again, with a precarious smile. "Alright."
"Why does anyone do anything? Because I'm bored," your gaze moved down to the floor.
(Y/n)- random greek myth and general knowledge, creative ideas (very prominent in the next chapter), and also thrifty I guess.
As you left your heart pounded strongly. A plan was beginning to form in your mind already. You were afraid, naturally. But you were gonna act. You were going to help with this case and take back control from the bomber.
"How much blood was on that seat would you say?" Sherlock asked Lestrade. The words echoing through the sleek and darkened parking lot. Between the moment Lestrade showed them the car from the crime scene and the moment Sherlock started to talk less than two seconds passed.
"Yes, thank you."
You got out of the cab right into a puddle. You stepped into the sandwich bar through wet squelchy socks to find out you didn’t have enough money for any of the food. You stepped out. A huge blast tore through the building on the other side of the street.
Your memory of that first morning, with the detective pacing the flat behind John and deducing you away was still crystal clear. You half-expected him to be inside and pacing again, but instead, the door opened to reveal the familiar empty flat, with only orange sunset beams for company. The light was running down the walls and across the floor, almost as if it were constructing a maze. The sunbeams spoke to you of the mythological Maze of the Minotaur, the one in which the man-eating creature tormented and eventually killed all the people thrown inside. There was some poetic irony there you didn't care to discover.
“If you’re looking for a crime there’s a nervous EMT over there that keeps touching her pocket,” you said and pointed at her, keeping your gaze at him. He stopped looking at his phone. At first, you thought he wouldn’t really care about it, but he thought about it for a bit and probably decided he didn’t have anything better to do so he got up and started walking.
"Erm, and you have no idea who?"
"Hey, Luce, who's this?"
He went to bed on his newly-former-girlfriend's couch and in that very morning, they decided it wasn't working and broke it off. That was around the time he heard what her tv was saying and had to go away to make sure Sherlock wasn't hurt by the "gas leak".
"He told his wife he was going on a business trip and never arrived," Lestrade pointed at a slim woman a few feet away. "That's her over there."
Sherlock wanted to throw him off and display some of his own power. Games work both ways. He had a turn too. It didn’t take long for him to get (y/n)’s number, he sent a quick text after Lestrade exclaimed he found the car. A new gamer could be joining the game.
"Can I try and ring back?"
“Sounds like you do know.”
“I think you’re more likely to be the secret agent here,” he didn’t act like some concerned person living next to a building that just blew up.
"It won't be necessary."
"Eight, ten days," John said and looked at the body without really looking. "The cut was made later, after she died, the bacteria entered her system some other way." He looked at Sherlock and he gave him a proud look.
Something deep and true stirred inside John. "You're welcome."
"The whole point was to take away control wasn't it? 'he's not the only one messing about with people' and all that." saying that was John's way of showing support but you both looked at Sherlock with the same thought: ''what do we do?''
"So this is a hit?" Lestrade asked.
John could see that expression even as he was laying in his bed then. Staring off into the ceiling of his bedroom painted blue with the darkness. An unexplained urge wanted him to send his arm over the table and cup Sherlock's cheek. Feel the skin fit so perfectly into his palm and feel the ends of Sherlock's hair on his fingertips. John was vulnerable too, and it hasn't gone away. His vulnerability only increased.
You blinked again. "You prick."
"Hello?" and after a brief silence, he said "tell us where you are. Adress?" in a matter-of-fact tone.
John tried to fit all of that in his mind. He succeeded, but it wasn't enough. It wasn't nearly enough to solve the case and he was beginning to think that he wasn't enough either. He didn't reveal that to Lucy, who was sitting in front of him, and he conveniently left it out of all the recent chats he's had with himself as well.
When he arrived shortly afterward he wasted no time greeting anyone and walked into the room you were in.
Sherlock went outside reluctantly and you rose to the window, followed by John.
Lucy was pained. She was furious and confused, and desperate, and mourning and John wasn't helping her.  She laughed bitterly and John wondered how long it would take for Lucy to laugh as sweetly and lightly as her perfume again. "Westie wouldn't even think about selling out his country just to clear them!"
"I am well aware of my current species but I appreciate your reminder." Sherlock replied, sitting down.
"Is he serious?"
They had about five or four hours left before it would all be destroyed either way.
"Possibly," was Sherlock's reply as he scribbled something on a piece of paper.
" Yeah, I know" was all Sherlock could say back, a bit disoriented.
"That's good, that's a good deduction yeah." John smiled in a way that reached down into Sherlock's chest and filled his lungs with rocks.
2. I wanted to bring the whole romance thing forward.
"Perhaps." An awkward silence settled over them. The waiter came back with John's food a bit later and he started eating quietly. A few minutes passed before Sherlock spoke.
"So you um, you and Sherlock live together?"
The morning came and brought more trouble with it.
John invited you to their house and you agreed to come, you didn't want to be alone in your house, especially not after that afternoon.
Sherlock looked closer at the dish he was inspecting and you were glad he didn't seem like he was about to crack under pressure. But his lack of nerves wasn't entirely good either.
John came into the office a few seconds after him. The office was dark and dimly lit, but the weak light inside it was warm and orange. After a brief conversation, Sherlock made a post on his website and immediately got a call on the pink phone. You were sitting on a chair by the desk while everyone else was around the laptop. Tension was written in every corner. In everyone's body language and faces. And in the air around them. Even in Sherlock's hand movement as he picked up the phone and his voice as he talked. He pressed the phone to his ear so the rest of you could only hear his side of the conversation.
After a while of talking back and forth and looking for information Sherlock gave up on the papers and phoned Lestrade, who informed him that on the south bank between Waterloo Bridge and Southwark Bridge, was discovered a dead body.
"Tickets?" John supplied.
"What are we even going to do? You got me involved as a strategic move and I wanna get strategizing." It seemed hard not to come off as overexcited or even deluded but John seemed to agree and you knew he didn't think you were useless.
"His arm?" Lestrade replied.
It was like it wasn't her moving at all when she moved to a chair, sat down on it, and placed her head in her hands. She moved slowly like a robot and her eyes gazed into the table like a doll's.
“Unfortunately for you, no.”
When they were in the restaurant, with the smell of grease and salt in the air around them, Sherlock talked about the game, and what he said made sense. They had to grip the strings tied to their wrists and shape them into a web of their own design but all John wanted to do was cut the strings off, burn them, and spit on the ashes.
The most calming thing that could happen was it being a random burglary, you thought sadly. That way you'd know you locked the door and that the criminal behind it didn't care about you.
"Yes," Sherlock said and turned his eyes to the starry sky. "Beautiful isn't it?"
She raised her arms, "I'm still here by the way."
“No empathy from you is there?”
To clarify: saying you couldn't do it didn't feel wrong. You didn't take it as the truth, but it never felt very far-fetched. It was a thought your brain elected to ignore and you just went with it. Sherlock was going to solve the case. The hostage would be fine. It made sense. You exhaled.
"The reason I'm upset isn't that I don't understand you. I do. Your logic is, well, logical. Which is what you would expect."
John gave you a confused look and you shrugged. When the woman came back inside she was holding the phone and pushed a button.
He felt so many emotions putting a name on most of them was impossible and his attempts were brought short by the numbing tiredness transforming his emotions from elephants into little flies buzzing around his head. His eyes teared up every time he yawned but they refused to stay shut for the few hours of the night he had left before the next morning.
Lestrade's gaze went back and forth between you two, "you're sure?" Sherlock nodded.
"Hey," you moved just enough to look him in the eyes, "good luck."
Of course, there were a lot of things you didn't want to think about regarding the car and how the blood ended up in that specific way, so you decided to join John and Sherlock before you lost track of them and be glad your first crime scene only had a bit of blood to make it concerning.
Upon seeing Sherlock, John froze. "Oh you bastard."
"No problem," John said with a smile and gestured to the seat next to him that you took gladly. "We didn't have anything to eat in the house so we couldn't really stay there."
“Yes yes we’re all extremely delighted to have just met,” Sherlock walked behind John and then turned away and resumed his pacing. John looked at him and tried to apologize in advance. His stammering was oddly reassuring, he seemed more human and less scary.
You leaned in closer and whispered to him, "go, help Sherlock, I'm gonna text my friend Charlie and have her come with me to my place. I don't know what to say or even do but I could use a change of clothes."
John offered you to join him in a fake newspaper interview with the brother and despite the lie, you noticed the determination you had to solve the case grew and wanted to see what Kenny Prince had to say for himself.
It took Sherlock a moment to understand what he said. "Nothing. All the living classmates check out spotless, no connection." Sherlock spoke in a measured low voice, and John took his words in. His hair looked golden in the morning light.
"That's why our paper wanted to get the full story, straight from the horse's mouth. As long as you're sure it's not too soon." John asked.
Number three - don't overthink not getting the job you interviewed for, and maybe get a different one at Mcdonalds.
"Yeah, I'll tell you about them later. I wanna see the fake Vermeer first."
"He was a nice guy, Alex. I liked him. He was uh... never much of a one for hoovering." She laughed sadly, and all you could do was try to laugh with her.
For a moment, John worried he might blush.
"Yeah," John laughed, but he seemed to think otherwise. Or at least hope.
"I can also provide protection from him, if necessary."
This is purely self-indulgent for me and an attempt at slower pacing with a deeper and more emotional look into everything. I truly hope that you enjoyed this and I managed to evoke some sort of emotional reaction from you, I would love to hear your thoughts and know what you liked, didn't like, or what you want to see in future episodes.
"I'm getting you something small to eat and you're gonna go to sleep and not wake up until next week if you have to." John said, not quite sure he had the energy to go back to the kitchen again.
The red light in front of you refused to change for a while so you walked farther up the street for a green-lit one to try and cross from the other side. You arrived at the crosswalk just when it too turned red. Your eyes wandered back to the previous one as it turned green and you took a step towards it when the familiar red light appeared again. You turned away from both crosswalks, ignoring how the lights turned green behind you and a cold hand tightened its grip on your heart as your feet sped up, but it was too little too late.
"It's a relief in a way," he said. Looking so somber a raincloud could've been hovering over his head. "She's safe now, beyond this vale of tears."
Sherlock positioned himself against a wall. "The network's my eyes and ears all over the city."
The note had a picture on it showing the inside of your apartment. You grabbed it from Sherlock's hand and turned it in yours. The back had one word on it with big black letters. "Boo".
"You know," you gave him a sincere look," I don't think Sherlock's punishing you. I think he's desperate to have someone who understands. I haven't known him for a long time, but I don't know a lot of people who'd call what he does 'fantastic'. He likes you and he doesn't want to miss out on an opportunity to meet someone who can actually be with him without being scared or creeped out."
The reason he did it was because he thought ''that's what Sherlock would do".The super-genius didn't hesitate to be harsh and blunt and once John came up with something he thought Sherlock would've done he didn't question it at all. The shame and regret flooded him as soon as he suggested it, and his fists clenched. But all he could do was get even more furious at Sherlock and resolve to deal with the snowball of anger later.
Alright so I've been trying to establish everyone's roles as follows:
"Change? any change?"
a forger, but... we don't know enough to chase him?"
She didn't ask for any guarantees, just a promise he'd do his best, a promise of justice. Searching for eyes that speak with trust and surety. He froze and looked back at her with emotion as deep and sure as a piano note. A leaf flowing with a river. A salmon swimming upstream.
You understood what he meant and nodded solemnly. The bomber, for whatever reason, took away five hours from what they had left to solve the case. And apparently, Sherlock was coming there too and with a camera.
“I met her after the blast when I was out and looking for entertainment, It’s a strategic move and a fairly good addition to our ‘squad’”, Sherlock made sure to make a joke out of the word.
"The Greeks had a lot of heroes, one of them was Theseus. What he did boils down to him using his enemies' weapons against them. You throw people off a cliff and into the mouth of your pet monster? he threw you off a cliff. You kill people with trees? he kills you with a tree." The only sound in the kitchen was the occasional car outside.
He thought about the bomber then, in the sanctuary of the room. All the people he's harmed, the people he's killed or injured, and how he was enjoying it all. It was a game to him and they needed to make a move. John didn't want to make a move, John wanted to punch him and throw him in a jail cell.
"He wasn't this morning that's the thing. We sort of had a moment where he wasn't being an absolute prick."
His words caught you off guard. There wasn't a camera anywhere when you checked. And did he just guess about the tea?
John remained still. "Oh, you're angry with me so you won't help." Sherlock pulled out his phone.
While they were still talking, John introduced a new topic. "So that homeless woman? Who was she?"
When he finally got to Sherlock's room, John sluggishly tried to put him down on the bed but their height difference and mutual lack of sleep resulted in John falling in the bed with him.
Once more, you got into a cab, having been through too much already, and despite your general nerves, exhaustion twisted itself around you like mummy linen. You got inside first, then John, and finally Sherlock. When the car started driving you exhaled and looked at its roof.
And it clicked. "Like Connie Prince and the Bloody car?" You looked at them. "So people go to him saying stuff like 'oh I need to run away to Columbia or 'I need to kill my uncle' and he just plans it for them?"
Only Sherlock knew who he was. He knew who John was and who (y/n) was and even who the bomber was, in some twisted way. And Sherlock was no hero. Sherlock didn't waste time caring or crying. Sherlock spent his time being productive. He was trying to stop a criminal in the best way possible. If you're running late for a meeting you don't stop for ice cream or a big round lollipop.
Lestrade Sherlock and John walked into the lab in that order. It screamed white. Walls, cabinets, everything, white and sterile. Colorless except for the bits of chrome in the sink and windows. A sharp scent in the air.
He gave you one more look and then nodded. "Be careful," he said. And you promised him you will.
This of course had a simple solution, stop the cab you’re on at this Speedy’s place and get a sandwich.
You opened your mouth to speak but the man cut you off. "Oh, you needn't worry about the man who blew up that building. I don't work for him, I just have a proposition. You might want to know that my proposition involves protection from him, however."
Earlier that evening in the middle of all the chaos, Sherlock was being kind. He was gentle and caring, and he kept looking John in the eyes and searching them as John often searched his. John saw some of his own emotions reflected in the detective and he hoped what he saw was real.
The first case was built around a pair of shoes that belonged to a kid whose death was the first Sherlock ever investigated. The kid was apparently killed by the bomber. And now he used the phone to send them a picture of a car which could lead to another case Sherlock had to solve or a hostage would go up in flames and take countless others with him.
"Didn't know who sent him, he just got paid and didn't ask questions". He looked at you but spoke in general. After that, he turned his back on you and made a noise of frustration.
"Right. That's what we're going to do."
"I don't think anyone's gonna see it today," John spoke, wearily. He still felt bad about leaving you. You couldn't tell him it was okay with your whole heart since you weren't sure it was, but there wasn't much fight left in you so you also couldn't complain. You were running on autopilot, set to direct you in the direction of your former decisions. You weren't actively making choices but following the ones you already made, without the energy to even reconsider them. You just took your hands off the wheel and hoped for your best.
Aside from the three of you the room was blessedly empty. Sherlock worked in silence and you and John had a hushed conversation in the other corner and managed to go a bit deeper than small talk. You felt like you had him to talk to and hang around, and it made you feel a bit better and less like some sort of third wheel. You were glad for the chance to sit down and do something mindless too.
"How much blood?" Lestrade repeated, "About a pint".
No emotions reached the surface of your awareness and you watched everything unfold with a numb expression and ice in your heart. Three pips, a blonde woman, and then John went to change the channel on the small tv and the phone rang. The hostage was blind, and you had twelve hours to save her.
"It's a horror story isn't it?" John asked.
"I am sorry. I hurt you. I shouldn't have. I wanted you to understand how I feel and that blinded me, so I hurt you and I won't do it again."
No, that's not it. They looked into Alex's background, his roommate even, and nothing.
"More bruises here," John pointed as he talked, "and here."
(See the end of the chapter for
“What? I thought you’d be glad I wasn’t inviting some poor soul to a crime scene,” was Sherlock’s reply.
“We need to get to the crime scene” he walked to the door. You straightened up and took a step away from the wall you were leaning on. By then he had opened the door and looked back.
A knock sounded at the door.
"Sorry?" You leaned over behind John.
(See the end of the chapter for
The first thing you noticed was the smell. It was so strong your hand flew to your nose and you had to look away.
And according to the fansite she even threatened to take him out of her will.
"Yes, very." John's nostrils flares and Sherlock silently dared him to keep going. "Is that news to you?"
You woke up first, or at least you didn't see anyone awake when you opened your eyes. The night carried you in and out of sleep and you kept forcing your consciousness down into the waters of slumber to try and gather up energy for the day to come.
The silence from him was unnerving and despite what he was saying you were relieved when he finally spoke.
"Hmm?" John perked up.
"I get that a lot."
"No, that's just too smart of the brother but that too. The disinfectant is from the floor that's how it got on the cat the houseboy keeps a very clean house."
There was a small silent pause - in which Sherlock was awaiting his answer and John was staring at him with disbelieve - which resulted in both of them smiling.
Thank you so much for the 40 kudos, they mean a lot and motivate me to improve. Also let me know if shorter, more frequent updates sound better to you, cause I don't mind either way :)
At that moment, he decided to stay in the bed with Sherlock, and could already feel a wave of relaxation hit him, making his eyes feel heavier every second and making him completely forget about the tea patiently waiting for him in the kitchen and the fact that he was supposed to go back and bring Sherlock something to eat. He let sleep take over his body and focused on Sherlock for a moment, John's eyes were closed but he could still feel Sherlock's soft brunette curls against his arm.
(Y/n) leaned a bit closer. "They look more like stubs."
"You'll be staying back to watch if he runs," John gave Sherlock a look that said
Sherlock held his finger up to him and spoke slower this time, piecing it together, "he organizes these things... no one has direct contact."
The door revealed a flat that was pretty much the opposite of modern.
John- medical knowledge, keeps Sherlock in check.
"And besides, everything is part of Sherlock's plan, haven't you heard? He was up there with god right at the beginning."
"I hope you'll be very happy together."
"The killer could have been older than Carl."
"Why? Do we know enough to search for him?"
“Child’s play. Coffee has clear signs of consumption that you lack. Your shirt was folded up until recently and the stain on it is fresh so the stain came from a drink that isn't coffee and the next best guess is tea. From your behavior, it was obvious you had something important in your back pocket. Your phone is in your hand and you wouldn't trust that pocket with your keys but any self-defense tool has to be easily accessible in times of crisis. I doubt you have the training for a small knife, ergo, pepper spray." Sherlock stopped to take a breath. "Now come on we have things to talk about and a crime scene to get to, I told Lestrade not to let anyone disturb it before I get there but you know how they get, chop-chop.”
“Additude, not asking questions about the explosion,” you gestured toward it vaguely ”but about the people involved. I don’t know, lack of embarrassment about your clothes.”
“Shame,” you copied. He pulled out his phone in one swift movement and sat next to you. Not because he wanted to, but just out of convenience. You were slightly uncomfortable. He didn’t seem to care about you now that he knew you weren’t some undercover assassin.
"Alright! Girls, calm down." John spoke and then looked to (y/n), "Sorry. Not good. Continue, Sherlock."
A sob shook her body but John didn't pity her. He waited until she wanted to continue.
"We defy him when we can. If he tries to scare us we stay brave. He can't control everything because no one can." He looked at you both. Behind him, a woman was sitting next to an untouched cup of black coffee and listened intently to what he said. Though you didn't know that then.
"Your body needs food. For f*cks sakes, your blood sugar is pretty much a negative number right now".
Their table was a dull sort of dark gray and the chairs were partly made of metal that stung with the cold.
"I imagined it would make you nervous. What did you learn?"
"So, why is he doing this then? Playing this game with you. Do you think he wants to be caught?"
“Didn’t you text me just cause I was caught in his bomb? He made me part of it, cause, I guess he didn’t really care, and now you decide to drag me around you as some sort of power move?”
Or maybe, John was just choking.
“You can come inside there’s no need for your back-pocket-pepper-spray and John would probably try to make himself useful and pour us some tea, I doubt you got to finish yours”.
So you were on your way to his house. Some loose-fitting jeans with a back pocket for your pepper spray and a shirt, and you were on your way.
"I suppose, the forger?"
"Sherlock the couch will do." John insisted.
Sherlock- detective guy with his deductions and behavior and such.
Sherlock's hand slid down to John's shoulder, gentle as John never thought it could be. "Anything can be important, even answers to questions you already solved." The detective almost sounded desperate.
"He likes to feel in control. He controls people and uses that control to control us. Forces me to solve his cases and watches everything play out like a spider watching the webs he made catch flies and seeing how they struggle. He likes power over people and he's displaying his authority to us in every way possible."
That was enough for her brother to go inside and leave them alone. She gave him a slightly less sad look and moved to close the door.
"I think he wants to be distracted."
Sherlock acts like an asshole and you and John visit the dead man's house.
"No that's all Raoul. I don't know how I would have survived this without him. I keep thinking back to our childhood, me and Connie's."
(See the end of the chapter for
"If you still need change I have some," John said after putting the notepad he used for notes in his pocket and fishing his wallet out.
Thank you so so so much for reading and I hope you have an amazing rest of your life, because why not? :)
"You two think she killed her husband?"
You blinked. "What?" He said.
"Are you okay? Where even is 'wherever'? is that where you got the bags?"
Even if the bomber was in charge of the burglary it seemed more logical for him to have hired someone for it. He didn't like getting his hands dirty. He stayed above it all. Probably made him feel superior.
Number one - get a new roof over your head.
"Oh very. We've always loved each other. I've always wanted to protect her, for better and for worse I was always there."
He didn't know why he asked her about the night Andrew left. The obvious reason was to get more information, but the way Lucy's eyes shone with the distant memory of her fiance made something in John quiet down.
"So where now? The gallery?" John asked.
"It's a good theory, granted, but no I thought of it the minute I saw the scratches."
I hope you have a great day and don't think I forgot about Mycroft and the whole missile plans thing, it's all coming together. <3
John knew it meant he solved the case and was already mentally preparing for the lecture he was about to endure...
“Unfortunately for you, no.”
Number four - don't get into the polished black car.
"Oh, but I'm afraid it already is."
The phone played three pips this time and showed a picture of a chubby blond white woman.
Aside from the plaque Mr. Ewart's office didn't have anything memorable in it, but the smell reminded you of the way your house smells when you come back to it after a long vacation. The man looked tan himself, like he was back from one, and he was leaning in his chair as if he were facing the ocean in Hawaii and drinking from a coconut.
(See the end of the chapter for
The man's sobbing tone contrasted sharply with his words, "We were made for each other Sherlock."
"What?" Lestrade asked, just as Sherlock knew he would, and after Sherlock kept talking cut him off again. "Wait wait wait wait wait, what painting? What are you on about?"
You spent around twenty minutes reading articles with your thoughts occasionally jumping back to reality on a wave of worry and then diving back in before John texted you.
John knew him. He's been living with him, been on cases with him. Sherlock was a sociopath and John knew that. Yet he expected so much of him. Expects him to care, be kind, and soft and pathetic and... weak. Maybe not weak but he wanted Sherlock to be an angel or superhero.
"Right... Of course."
Let me know what you think about the little changes I'm adding to the plot and the overall characters. Leave kudos comments and criticism if you wish and if you don't then just keep (hopefully) having a nice day.
"John, come here," He gestured to the spot next to him. "What do you make of her hand? more specifically this," he pointed at the nasty slash near her thumb. And John leaned over his shoulder.
"So," he clapped," any guesses?"
"I hurt you, I hurt you and John and I shouldn't have."
What did you think?
"Yes," they shook hands. Or rather, Sherlock took his hand and shook it all over the place.
The slightest of frowns appeared on Sherlock's face and he dropped the paper he was holding to lace his hands together. "Why would I make you feel guilty?"
Okay. I know. I keep saying the next chapter is when u reveal your plan and make a serious move but I wanted to add something to keep the story interesting. Plus Moriarty gave us limited time for each case so I can't stop everything without it seeming unnatural.
Once the sun was up your anger bubbled to the surface and the hope of more sleep was abandoned.
After a bit of consideration an all-too-exhausted-to-get-up-John decided to stay there with him for a few minutes. He was supposed to be uncomfortable, annoyed and angry, and he was, but that didn't really reach the surface. He was actually oddly didn't mind his current position, which was alarmingly close to Sherlock.
"There are two ways this can go. You can come in, hear my proposal and get back out safely. Or you can be forced to come in and, well, that wouldn't be very pleasant."
"That's why she used past tense" You exclaimed, relieved. "Wow."
Raoul offered you drinks while Kenny was leaning against the fireplace in an attempt to look grief-stricken and noble.
"I'm a detective I want the true one. Always."
John cleared his throat, "Well, you could find a hotel or, well, stay here for the night." He looked at Sherlock and took his silence as an agreement. The idea of sleep was like a stranger to her and frankly, it was a stranger to John too.
The Lestrade Sherlock talked to on the phone came to greet you .
A more comfortable silence enveloped them and Sherlock ordered fries.
"And you can't just-" he paused. Looked down for a bit, and then decided it wasn't worth finishing the sentence. "Is it him then? Moriarty."
You couldn't tell who hung up. You didn't care either. It was hard, hearing the man talk. Everything got more real then. His image flashed through your brain. Having to carry explosives around with him like parasites. Unable to save himself and forced to depend on an absolute stranger. Where could he have been? It was more public than the previous hostage. A park? Busy street? It couldn't be another car because of the background noise and it couldn't be a bus since a man riding a bus for 8 hours would look suspicious. Unless the bomber was confident Sherlock would solve the case in less than that.
With your heart beating loudly, your hand hovered to the door at 221B Baker Street and knocked twice. It came down to check at the pepper spray in your pocket and then settled by your side and started twisting in and out of a fist. Before showing up you made sure to tell your friend where you were going, and before coming inside the house you planned on talking to the detective first, to understand the situation better. All that you could do then was dread the moment he opened the door and be patient. Luckily it didn’t take long for the door to open.
Sherlock seemed much perkier now that John has joined you and the night grew farther away. "Well, obviously I lost that round." Sherlock grabbed the remote and muted the tv. "Although technically I did solve the case".
I'm trying to pepper in more and more Johnlock but let me know if you want more or you think it's going too fast.
"Definitely. The Golem squeezes the life out of his victims with his bare hands. "
Sherlock waved his arm carelessly. "Ask away."
"It must be it's how the brother got the tetanus into her system."
10 minutes and an untouched cup of tea later and you were all caught up. Sherlock started explaining and a while after John jumped in and explained for him in an attempt to make it easier to hear. You weren't sure you needed to know everything they were saying, but it felt disrespectful not to listen. A lot of people seemed to have been affected. Besides, you assumed Sherlock would explain your role once you knew the whole story. Or at least some of it.
Also, his pockets contained ticked stubs.
"That's what they think isn't it? His bosses?" She smiled in fury and disbelief. "They're wrong!"
You didn't know how to finish that sentence. John didn't know either. You just looked at each other for a bit. You could see how much John wanted from him. But you didn't know if Sherlock could give him what he wanted.
"Last night but like I said, nothing taken."
"First time we met he guessed where I served and that my sister's an alcoholic from my phone and haircut."
"We'd only been sharing for a year. Just sharing, but from what I've seen of him," she took a shaky breath, "he was mad about that telescope. All he ever did in his spare time."
She looked at him in search of not safety, but a promise. A promise soldiers seek from their captain. A promise children ask of their parents and patients ask from their doctors. It's in no way enough to make everything alright again, but it's important all the same. It was a promise that came from emotion so strong it defied logic. An emotion so primal it made people reach for the thinnest slivers of hope like schoolchildren trying to stop their balloon from floating away.
"Second autopsy shows it wasn't tetanus that poisoned Connie Prince, It was botulinum toxin." He said to Lestrade and the evening sky was showing through the window behind him. "We've been here before. Carl Powers. Tut-tut." A worried look at John - who was looking rather worried himself- confirmed that botulinum toxin was what killed Carl Powers too.
"No," Sherlock replied for you, "but I know where we're going next. Janus cars, I found this in the glove compartment". He showed you and John the business card.
You listened in mute horror. "No, no, no, no! Tell me nothing about him, nothing." His face went blank.
"Two kinds of motivation. The stick is something bad you want to avoid and the carrot something good you want to reach." You spoke without trying to fake confidence since you knew you couldn't. Your heart pounded rapidly, your mouth dried and your hands were sweating. Fear coursed through your blood and tensed your muscles. "Best proposals include both."
"Yeah."
Some talking, some walking...
It was a quiet kind of sadness that you felt. Like a piano note. Small and fragile. Delicate, and yet sharp. Chills spread around your body and down your back as you watched him lower the phone in silence. The silence was violent in that office and no one uttered a word for a long time.
"What's worth thirty million pounds?" (y/n) asked, causing everyone except Sherlock to jump since they had their back to her and were too focused on his words to hear her approach.
"No no no, Lestrade, the buttons are still stiff, hardly touched. He set his alarm like that a long time ago and his routine never changed. But there's something else."
"Well, you can stop assuring me. I don't want to and besides, I've seen him work. He'd find out."
It was like falling off your bed woke you from a dream, because at first, nothing was clicking. And then you caught up. Your brain was a lump of ice. And it hurt, a lot. Your ears were ringing and your whole body was aching. Your face twisted into a frown and waves of pain flashed through your head.
"And naturally, you wouldn't want me to tell him that. You want me to spy on him. No."
The sudden tone Sherlock's voice took startled John. "Do you wanna go tell the bomber you're sad, John? Do you think that would save our newest hostage? Do you think you're gonna save the world by crying? Sitting around and being sad never helped anyone. I don't waste time doing that. I act, I find clues and save lives and put bad people in jail. That's the beauty of logic. When it isn't misguided, it takes you through the right path. It doesn't lie, and it doesn't manipulate, and it doesn't change every two seconds. How's you moping around gonna help?"
That was the beauty of it all. He was like Sherlock, smart. And not just smart. Full of intelligence and he was spewing it out into the world. He wasn't like John with his sunshine and soft jumpers Sherlock didn't care about. He was like Sherlock, cunning, fearless, fascinating. He was elegant and coordinated and devious. The corner of Sherlock's mouth twisted into a smile. He didn't think he wanted to be caught.
"She talked about him in the past tense?" You said and John looked at you, "I mean, I don't know her but if I was married and people found my spouse's car all bloody I wouldn't just immediately act like they're dead".
The man inclined his head in approval. "You are correct. I am going to be very upfront with you, (y/n) - I have a carrot, of sorts, to offer. My carrot means protection. It's safety, an ally on your side, monthly financial compensation, and very valuable intel. I can keep you safe and I can make you very wealthy. You've already seen a fraction of what I can do, and I can promise you access to way more. If, and only if, you grant me your carrot."
“I- hold on." He was saying so much the best you could do was try to keep up with him. You didn't even have time to process all that input, it was like he was trying to shove an aquarium in a shampoo bottle. "All that was, well, brilliant. But, How exactly do I come into this?” you asked.
John has his Bruce-Partington case.
"So erm, he'll be right back. I uh, noticed how clean the house is. Is that how you're coping? Occupying the mind with cleaning?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Cold seeped into every muscle in your body, your forehead was pounding, and hard numbness settled all around you.
The woman immediately went out to her fiance's defense but despite her words, the lazy silence between her and John refused to completely go away, if silence is even capable of that. It stayed there, making the air thicker and forcing air out of John's lungs when he tried to speak. The silence was fighting not to be disturbed.
. You couldn't beat yourself up or think of what to do when you were already doing something, anything, to make some sort of change.
"Alright my office,'' Lestrade said and started walking, but John stopped Sherlock before he could follow. You knew what bothered him. Sherlock could've informed the bomber about the solution way before that, since he already knew what happened. But he decided getting on with other things was more important.
If you have suggestions or requests I would love to read them and until the next chapter, I hope you have an amazing day :)
That's how you ended up looking at flakes of dust in the living room sunlight.
"Hey," you took off one of your bandages, "if you're not too grossed out take this, gives you a reason to walk up to her"
All he could do that night was hope (y/n)'s night on their couch wouldn't lead to a morning like the one he had then.
As the cold hand of fear squeezed your heart and froze you in place the backseat window of the car rolled down smoothly and revealed a man's face. He casually raised a hand and tilted his brown-haired head to beckon you closer. Something about your expression must have said no before your mouth could because the man beckoned again, insistently, and smiled as if you were in kindergarten and he wanted to tell you a secret.
"She really was very talented. And she was so dedicated and creative, it's inspiring." You said, despite not knowing her.
A wave of frustration shook John. "We don't know a bloody thing, Sherlock."
With uncertainty, you sat down in front of your laptop.
"I've disappointed you." Sherlock said, not unkindly.
To get to baker street you got a cab, luckily it didn't take too long to find one so you didn't have to stay out in the cold for long.
and you have a fake painting and a plan.
The psychological damage seemed the bigger threat, but you didn’t really feel much at all, just very awake.
Going back in time to the crime scene. With John as Sherlock, what could they do? They could break into the gallery, look for incriminating paperwork, but it would've all been destroyed. They could look for the names of people who ran tests on the painting, but how to prove the tests wrong? How to tell legitimate experts where they got them? How to run more tests?
A good deal of time passed before you took your eyes off the ceiling and turned off your alarm. The stomachache subsided by then and you decided this was never going to happen again.
"You think it was the cat. It wasn't the cat." Sherlock said as they kept walking.
Sherlock's voice was low and thoughtful. "Why hasn't he phoned yet? He's got thugs busy taking pictures and sending threats It's not like he's preoccupied. He's broken his pattern, why?" The steady stream of speculation was cut off with a louder "Waterloo Bridge" to the driver.
"Sherlock," he said, his voice weak with exhaustion and his previous momentum lost, but Sherlock still heard him and raised his head.
"So you're upset because my logic makes sense?"
Your eyes strayed to the window and back to him. "Yes very nice, (y/n). Are you going to eat?"
A straight engaged couple sits on their couch watching tv at night. The man gets up and leaves. His name is Andrew West. The next time he's seen is on a railway, with his head bashed in. He is an MI6 clerk- was, an MI6 clerk, and he was also in possession of a USB containing vital information regarding missile plans. It wasn't in his possession when he was found.
"Yeah me too. But drop me off at your house before you kill someone, I'll show you what's in the bags and google Vermeer."
A brief silence passed before he replied. "You realize he's playing a game with you? Why am I even asking of course you do. And you're playing back. You don't care about the people hurting and you even bring other people into this to get hurt."
"You get used to it."
The logic was clear to you, despite the fact that the poor blind woman had to spend those hours terrified. You didn't like it any more than John did but you left them to talk. John wanted to believe in Sherlock, it was clear to see.
To make sure Sherlock was being enigmatic enough, they also had a conversation outside of the office that was even more all over the place.
"It's all over the place, haven't you seen the posters? Dutch old master supposed to have been destroyed ages ago. Now it's turned up, worth thirty million pounds."
John cleared his throat and shifted in his seat. "So, (y/n), are you hungry?"
"I am oblivious to many things, but not beauty. Not always at least."
Sherlock called Lestrade and managed to get all the details about her from him. When you met him he seemed not to ask a lot of questions where Sherlock was involved. All Sherlock did was gave him some basic information and your name and he was okay with everything. Sherlock was weird enough so people didn't ask him a lot of questions but also brilliant enough to get all the answers he wants from them.
"Wow, two formalities in one sentence. I'm honored."
"The Roman god of transitions," you said, "doorways, beginning to end, life to death, that sort of thing. He had two faces".
"Will you at least eat a proper meal now?" John said, who has started cleaning again.
"I see," Sherlock said, in a voice that made it seem like he didn't. Like he was hurt. The guilt in John's heart grew heavier and he ignored it. Silence stretched out between them like a rubber band about to snap.
"There's nothing wrong with you. Yes. you're infuriating at times. And yes, you can be condescending, but I resented you -and resented myself for liking you - over how different you are. You can't help not caring about certain people as much, and you're a good man using your brain to solve crime. I'm sorry."
The striking blue sky stretched across the view from the window in the dimly lit kitchen. Pots and pans and all sorts of utensils littered the counter and the air smelled like wet grass and mornings. A very weak wind inched its way inside the house and the carpeting was soft against your bare feet.
"Start with apologizing. And then tell us our next move or I'll join him."
When you came in Sherlock was sitting next to a half-full plate of fries and John was wiping his face with a napkin.
“Coming?”
Yesterday the mess of it all made you lost yourself, and it had consequences.
"Oh, no good. I've had other calls since, sympathy ones..."
You looked at him for a second and then exhaled and let your legs carry you out of the door.
The rubber band snapped and struck John in the face. They looked into each other's eyes and without speaking John sat next to Sherlock and grabbed a newspaper. "You're right," John said as he looked at the paper without reading. "It doesn't help."
"And this is connected to the painting, right?" (y/n) said. Sherlock paused for a moment to study her oddly shaken demeanor and didn't bother to look at Lestrade when the inspector spoke.
"Why did I take you here John? What- or rather,
The cause for Dr. Watson's awkwardness was more worrying. The man was teetering on the border between rude and joking. And you weren't going to just let him ignore your feelings, ask some questions, and reduce you to feeling stupid for answering.
He didn't bother to look at the menu but John did and called a waiter. The waiter was a tall Asian guy with a nose piercing. He asked Sherlock if he wanted anything and left awkwardly when Sherlock didn't say anything back. He was looking at John.
"Yes. The blood's definitely Ian Monkford's but it's been frozen. There are clear signs," Sherlock went on. "I think Ian gave a pint of his blood some time ago and that's what they spread on the seats".
"You're right," Sherlock's voice was low as always. He had more to say but stayed silent. You had a lot of thoughts too, but nothing worth saying. You curled your toes deeper into the carpet and watched some birds make their way through the sky.
Who could tell them more? John pushed through thoughts of his muddy shoes and the little loose string in his coat. Thoughts of his heartrate and frozen hands cast aside, he went deeper.
The first event: you were hungry. Not the kind of hunger where you get nauseous and the pain is so strong you can’t move, just a bit hungry.
Also if anyone is worried, Jim will be made aware of Sherlock's ''move'' and will absolutely make one of his own as well. Not to mention Mycroft is going to give our reader the good old harm-him-and-you-die-speech in some form or another.
"So tell me, are you familiar with the carrot and stick approach?" He asked while brushing off his immaculate suit, trying to look uninterested.
"Oh, should I speak now?" A confused feminine voice came. "Alex, love, it's Professor Cairns. Listen, you were right. You were bloody right. Give us a call when-" some static and the phone stopped.
Besides, the pepper spray being a secret is hardly crucial to its function.
The atmosphere changed in a moment. You felt like someone poured a bucket of ice water over your head.
"Nope!"
"I know, but he's always like that."
Well, probably because he had post-it notes and a telescope and a Professor Friend and stargazed. He was the one who discovered the painting was fake. He was the one that needed killing. Maybe not because he was nice to his flatmate, but maybe because of his telescope? Maybe because of his Professor Friend?
When you came back with the sandwich they caught you up and decided to go see the body. There wasn't much debate about whether or not you'll be joining them. They asked you to go to your house and find information about the woman and you agreed without much thought. You only realized you didn't know what you were supposed to do with the information you found after the research and how to organize it when you were standing in front of your front door and looking for your keys.
The first time you arrived at that door, you met John for the first time and Sherlock for the second. This time, you were arriving with John, and after a long cab ride in which you told him your plan and he mostly apologized.
"Sort of yeah."
Sherlock was quiet for the first time since John came back to the flat. "It's possible. Yes."
The woman (not Lucy, not a fiance, just a woman) kept her blonde hair in a lazy clip behind her head. She had pale skin that had seen better days and red eyes. John only allowed himself to pay attention to this in order to make sure she wasn't faking sadness, but he couldn't bring himself to forget his observations afterward. She was dressed comfortably and had an overall sense of sorrow that seeped out of her pores and infected the air. It only grew when John tried to suggest her dead fiance had committed treason.
You put your hands on your head and let them drag down to the back of your neck, the silence was deafening.
Lestrade turned over to her in relief and awkwardly waved his hand in a greeting she couldn't return because she had two plastic bags in her hands. "Old painting that was just rediscovered."
"And what's wrong then?"
It was like an icy river aggressively flowing forward and dragging everything with it whether it wanted to come or not. Sherlock's thought process took over your brain and the stream of evidence and facts carried you away from reality. You needed to stay aware and think.
"In the morning when I left, I walked out and well- I was going to text my friend, as I told you, John, but I didn't know what to say and before I could do anything-" You took a deep breath and continued. "I was going to cross the road and the light turned red, at first I thought nothing of it but it wouldn't turn green, and then when I went to another crosswalk it turned red too, and then- well, this man was behind it. This black, shiny car pulled over next to me and this man threatened to make me come inside so I did and he tried to bribe me. He told me to spy on you and that if I did he'd protect me from that crime dealer and pay me. I said no of course."
He didn't know what would happen the next morning or if there will be a "next morning" for Sherlock because he would probably wake up in the night afterward but it didn't matter to him.
You couldn't do it.
"Cup of tea of course."
"There are lives at stake, Sherlock. Actual. Human. Lives." Sherlock's heart wasn't soft anymore. It pounded forcefully against his ribcage. "Just so I know, Sherlock, do you care about that at all?"
"I needed to look inside his wallet." Sherlock lied to get his way pretty often. You helped him do it once. You weren't sure if it was clever, a necessity, or something else. But it still caught your attention.
"I mean she's left me this place, which is lovely, but it's not the same without her."
(y/n) turned her back to the note like she was scared it would stab her, and let her eyes look into John's. Before he could figure out what to do she turned back abruptly and grabbed it again like she was thinking about stabbing it herself.
Sherlock eased up and walked ahead, with John and (y/n) following him. The icy air was a bit less suffocating and John shoved a bit of food in his mouth. The case was going to be solved, the hostage saved and Moriarty caught. That was the thought echoing in the air and in John's head. That was the thought he kept repeating to himself.
"Well I could go for that cup of tea you said you'd be making almost twenty minutes ago." he said, ignoring his role in the delay, and John muttered something inaudible and finished cleaning.
John was about to break away and ask Sherlock outright if he was okay with what was happening when Sherlock moaned his name once, so quietly. There was a surge of blood to his core and he bit down on Sherlock’s neck again, harder this time. Sherlock moaned again, louder this time, and then hissed, “John, please.” Desperate to give Sherlock anything he needed, John realized that pain was still on the table, although he wanted to keep it a little tamer at this point.
It felt like a punch to Sherlock’s gut, the truth of the statement landing hard. He was desperate, and he was clearly fucked up, already beginning to stiffen in his trousers. Sherlock didn’t feel particularly aroused (actually, maybe if he looked closely at all those thoughts trying to suffocate him, he was aroused), what he did feel was shame. Disgust at himself. He knew he would be willing to do anything in this moment for that pain. Not that John would ever abuse that power, but the harsh truth about himself was in itself a punishment. He felt like a whore.
“Less extreme measures?” John’s voice was dry as he supplied the answer. Sherlock stiffened a bit, and it hurt to hear the judgement so clearly. He hated that John’s description was accurate. He tightened his arm around his own body, securing his left hipbone. John noticed that he had struck a nerve, but decided that the damage was already done, so he continued, “So if it’s someone rather than you, it can be a less blatantly harmful thing. Like…like kinky stuff? Like spanking?”
Unbelievably, John continued down this thought process. Well, wouldn’t it help Sherlock on two fronts? It would give Sherlock that release from his emotions, which John felt guilty for causing in the first place. Sherlock wouldn’t need a repeat performance just to come down from this altercation. It would also teach Sherlock a lesson. Hurting himself wouldn’t seem so appealing to Sherlock once John had really shown him what pain was. Feeling emboldened by this single-minded thinking, and fueled by righteousness and still a bit of fear, John grabbed Sherlock’s upper arms and hauled him up a bit, turned him in the air, and tipped him forward with his hips against the lip of the tub.
Sherlock had been pliant in his arms and silent during his whole speech, and John was beginning to suspect that he had fallen asleep when a sleepy murmur drifted up to his ears. “Yeah, okay.” With that, Sherlock truly did appear to slip off into sleep, his face softening as he relaxed completely against John’s chest.
“One,” John retorted, “I am not your therapist. I’m…I’m just your boyfriend.” There, he said it. Either Sherlock would correct him or he wouldn’t, but at least he said it. “And two, I need to know…do you reach…that point, in the field? Or do you always wait until you’ve come home?”
There was no way of telling how much longer that went on- some matter of minutes- before John felt that urgent warning from his body. “Sherlock!-“ he choked out, and he felt Sherlock nod. John hoped that meant what he thought it did, because the next moment he was being ripped open by his orgasm, aware only of his whole body tensing and the powerful pulsing of his release. He became aware of the feeling of Sherlock’s throat working to swallow everything, and a wrecked moan forced its way out of his throat before he knew what was happening. Muscles finally relaxing, the powerful pulses slowed and weakened. John struggled to open his eyes and couldn’t remember when he had shut them. A huge, ragged breath dragged its way into his lungs, and he realized that even his breathing had stopped. “Oh God, Sherlock…”
"No! I don't see how-!"
You watched as his lips parted. You watched as he said hello again. You watched as Lestrade asked him what happened but you knew. She was gone.
"He got it on her paws?" You asked hoping this meant Sherlock solved the case and the loss of five hours wasn't a death sentence.
Sherlock tilted John's chin so their eyes bore into each other with earth-shattering intensity, and for a moment John had completely forgotten everything other than his hammering heartbeat. The pre-existing adrenaline tripled in his bloodstream and surged forward like lightning, threatening to topple John to the ground.
(See the end of the chapter for
"The explosion, which ripped through several floors, killing 12 people, is said to have been caused by a faulty gas main." The male reporter said. The elderly blind woman was murdered but naturally, the culprit did a good job at hiding it.
"That's all?" You asked.
It was about four in the morning when Sherlock has finally cracked his latest case and started explaining it all to John at light speed barely stopping to even breath. John has always been fascinated by how the man could go weeks without food, water or sleep yet still act like a child and run around the flat happily every time he solved a case instead of collapsing on the floor in exhaustion.
"Why?"
When (y/n) read the note all the color drained from her face. Every single drop of blood seemed to crawl its way back down her veins and stay there.
"The cat could've scratched him too, it's too dangerous." You thought.
Just then the front door opened and John climbed inside. "When you said you were going to hang a sign outside, naturally, I didn't think it would have a big colorful middle finger drawn on it!"
(Y/n) picked up on that and wordlessly stepped back to eat her food. Giving him and Sherlock some minimal privacy. John opened his mouth to speak but Sherlock held out his hand.
"Meretricious."
The determined look in Sherlock's eyes echoed in John's heart. "We know that there...
"I never said I don't. I care about people, some more than others." It was Sherlock's turn to look him in the eye. By then the windows closed and the curtains made the light seem warmer. As he pulled away from his hand he added "I just don't let my emotions cloud my judgment."
"Nicotine patches remember? I'm doing well."
From (y/n)'s comment, it was clear she did not share his feelings. And her fear hit him like a sack of bricks.
Sherlock paused to pull something out of his pocket and hold it up for his companions to see. "I found this inside his trouser pockets. Sodden by the river but still recognizably..."
"Precisely!" Sherlock pointed to them with his available finger. "Ticket stubs that mean he worked in a museum or gallery. A quick check revealed that the Hickman gallery has reported one of its attendants missing- Alex Woodbridge." As expected, his companions looked back down at the man, (y/n) struggling but pushing through, as if he might suddenly rise back to life since they discovered his name.
Sherlock nodded in thought and then leaned back almost as if he was bracing himself. "I don't know whether the earth revolves around the sun or It's the other way around."
Another pause.
John was off on his "government-sanctioned" case. Sherlock was off doing whatever he did. And you were alone in a flat that wasn't yours, with your blood singing, your muscles whispering and your brain echoing in a symphony you couldn't be bothered to listen to. So you didn't. You worked.
John tipped his nonexistent hat. "Good luck."
"Information. Nothing too intimate of course, nothing you couldn't tell me and then go on happily with the rest of your life."
"I was
You guessed the smell was coming from the layer of blood spilled all over the driver's seat and around it. It seemed weirdly innocent, just sitting there.
You can probably tell I'm not the most seasoned writer so I'd honestly love to hear constructive criticism or any suggestions you might have.
The look on the fiance's face snuck into John's chest and wrapped around his lungs. "Westie wasn't a traitor! That's a horrible thing to say!"
"Yeah it's just for the price though, it's not like... that. We just live together and split the bill".
"I can usually cook but last night I barely got a chance to, you know. With everything." You were trying to divert the subject back to the overall threat. You needed a way to fight him and a better grasp of it all. Just the thought of it made your insides squirm.
Sherlock sat down on a chair and leveled you with a blank expression. You realized you were currently taller than him. "Why not? Why what? Why do you need a reason."
Sherlock started pacing around the corpse. "The killer must've been interrupted, otherwise he would've stripped the corpse completely. There also used to be a badge or insignia on his shirt front that the killer tore off, suggesting the dead man worked somewhere recognizable. Some kind of institution."
He only fully understood what happened a few seconds later, when he felt his back painfully letting him know he fell over and was now sprawled out on the floor in the living room.
"What?"
At that moment John came back inside. He was stiff when he spoke. "Right, Sherlock called he said that they moved our deadline to three hours from now. So he's bringing the camera for some shots and then we've got to get going and finish the article."
So, what to list? Things to be afraid of? Fearing is just another way of being passive so- Things To Do To Help Yourself.
He told you what he and Sherlock found at the morgue and you sent him all the relevant information you could find about the woman, her friends, and her family. The more important things were these:
Despite the chillness, warm sunlight was coming in through the window as well as the wind, and nice looking pictures decorated the walls.
"Botox is made from it, isn't it? Botulinum is paralyzing so wrinkles don't form cause the areas around that part of the face can't move." You were speaking to John mostly but you knew they could hear you. "So Raoul gave her too much of it and she died?" You asked, and this time you looked at Sherlock.
John does some thinking and the game goes on.
Sherlock clapped with pure joy, and John nearly jumped out of his skin. "Yes! Exactly! Never underestimate a mercenary."
Sherlock is the sort of man who doesn't trust easily. The sort of man who sees lies and danger in every corner. He sees formality as unimportant and manners as irrelevant and most of humanity as a burden. But he made an effort. Good intentions aren't always enough, the path to hell is paved with good intentions, but when you act on them they're what separates you from a devious crim dealer and makes you worth loving. "All you need to know is that the earth doesn't revolve around you. You want people to understand you, I get that, with how you are- and I mean that in a good way- it's hard to make connections. But it's very easy to lose the connections you have. You can neglect them or you can over-invest in them and you can do a million things. The most important thing is you strive to get better, that's all we need. That's all John needs from you too. He likes you."
“Likewise,” you shook hands.
John blinked back. "I'll do my best."
I'm not 100000000000% sure how this is going to continue but I do know that I'm gonna add Johnlock in it and some scenes with the reader and Jim without anyone else.
"Yes."
"Wow, he just seemed very uninterested in me. At least at first," You didn't know if you should feel offended or not.
She had a fond smile on her lips as she remembered him, and you really wished Sherlock were there to do the talking. The room wasn't very interesting apart from the telescope. Alex had a blue night lamp near his bed, next to a small alarm clock. He had a small, dusty mirror on the wall where he must've seen himself every morning, and orange post-it notes he hung on the wall but won't be the one to take off.
"About..." You waited for him to finish your sentence but he stayed silent. "Sherlock. Sherlock and Johns work. Why does that concern you?" The ''are you a criminal?'' remained unsaid.
"And if it doesn't? " (y/n) asked.
"So... was that woman really homeless?" (y/n) said after a considerable distance passed in silence.
"Well," her voice was coming from the chair but John's eyes insistently stayed away from her, "can't say I didn't agree to this."
None of them said much after that, it took about ten more minutes of walking at a steady pace to reach a relatively clean, central area John guessed was the center of wherever they were. Sherlock stopped in the weak light and turned with a flourish.
"Our bomber's repeated himself."
Sherlock has his being an asshole thing,
Finally, I would like to ask you to leave kudos and comments because they motivate me more than anything else (ahem ItsMeSatan you have no idea how much writing I got done thanks to you) and wish you a happy whatever time of day it is for you :)
The sky was bluer than the ocean during a storm and the cold air was sharper than knives. And yet the dark, wet alleys felt like a strange and misguided refuge. The high walls stood still as soldiers and the bricks fit together in union.
He invited you to join the Sherlock Holmes Hate Club where you meet every Wednesday and burn curly-haired voodoo dolls while Sherlock messed about with clear chemicals. When you reached the topic of how John had a limp when he and Sherlock first met, Sherlock's phone rang and you laughed at how obnoxious the sound was. That was until your eyes rested on the pink phone case.
"Laughing at a crime scene all over again," Sherlock said, still smiling and walking in the lead. "Classic."
As Sherlock and John arrived at the cop-infested scene, the smell of salt and decay reached their noses and the already powerful wind got even more aggressive. Their shoes took up more and more layers of mud with each step.
"What? Has my brother made you go deaf? This case is all yours. John, I have no ill intentions towards you in this, I simply want you to understand. Oh and (y/n), this isn't meant to hurt you either. Consider this another experiment. Bye-bye now." Sherlock exited the cab as it reached the museum and halted John from following.
“Come on be serious,” John sank into his chair with a sigh. He was tired, If Sherlock could’ve said something to comfort him he would’ve. Except he didn’t have anything much to say.
2/9/2021 update: my gf and I broke up. I'm having a hard time coping, plus school is starting for me again so don't expect very frequent updates. I do intend to finish this work and I hope you're all doing well :)
Sherlock looked a lot more intentful. Almost devious. "Did you think you could do it?"
"No what?"
"So what you're saying is... we're out in a remote, slimy, dark location looking for a murderer?"
"Ah Mr. Prince, isn't it?" He appeared by his side in a moment.
"Thanks. He doesn't have to be so condescending though." He said and you kept walking.
But despite all that, John wanted him to make an effort. To try, to go the extra mile, to feel. Or show that he was feeling.
The man was now walking towards them and sat next to John on the couch that barely had any room left. He seemed to have decided that the conversation needed to go back to the subject of him again. "I don't know what I'm going to do now." You grabbed a notepad out of your pocket and scribbled something about a veil of tears and Connie's talent.
The fiance was blonde. She had the kind of hair that, when let down, could have poems written about it. It was smooth and soft, and light both in color and in texture (as John guessed but couldn't know for sure). It reminded him of Sherlock's curls. Sherlock and Lucy- dark and light, curly and straight, short and long. Opposites, but they both had an undeniable softness to them.
Sherlock looked into John's eyes, clearly out of his element, and John let his lungs empty as he looked back into Sherlock's.
“Because I think you can be useful. You could help us throw the bomber off. He thinks people are his pawns and hurts them for entertainment. If his ‘pawns’ started having free will he could lose his sense of control. “
It happened so fast you could barely recall it, you lost your balance, saw bright flashes, and then the ground below you was cold and it seemed to spread everywhere.
The last question directed at the man was about whether or not he had change for a cigarette machine. And after he replied that he didn't Sherlock decided it was time to go. You thought about asking him what the name of the company meant before leaving but stayed quiet. In an attempt at comfort you told yourself it was probably a part of their brand.
"Nothing unusual with that," Sherlock said to no one in particular.
The reader is finally joining forces with the boys in the case of Ian Monkford and his bloody rental car. Also, the reader meets John, which is arguably more important.
John introduced himself as the other man maneuvered his bike through the entrance.
"More precisely a Jewish folk story - gigantic man of clay, but also an assassin. Real name: Oscar Dzundza. One of the deadliest in the world. That is his trademark style." Sherlock pointed at the corpse.
By that point, Lucy, the fiance, and John had reached the door and stepped out. The expression on her face was enough to send her brother rushing over from outside.
John still looked at you with uncertainty. "It's alright John, She's a big scary bodybuilder and I don't think he'd do anything serious. What he did was about showing Sherlock what he could do. We already know he's dangerous. Go help him, I'll contact you if anything happens. Until then send me the landlady's phone number."
When the door shut behind (y/n), John willed himself to look at Sherlock and be honest, because that was the last thing in his mind he thought might help with their conflict. The man was still going through the papers in his search for any Thames-related news to reveal the nature of the photograph they received.
Joe blinked. "Tell them to get off their asses, it's bloody ridiculous."
"We were having a night in. Just watching a DVD, he normally falls asleep, you know? But he sat through this one... He was, quiet." Her face twisted into an expression so tragic John couldn't put a word on it. The next time she spoke she was battling her throat. "Out of the blue, he said he just had to go see someone."
Number two - don't let your only role in the game be someone to hurt and manipulate. Or in other words: become a player.
"Here you go, fifty."
"John no wait-," you held out a hand to stop him from coming closer and then gestured to the detective. "Sherlock, speak."
With a slow exhale you let your head rest on John's shoulder, who was sitting between you and Sherlock.
Both of your gazes turned to him around the same time and you wondered what it was like to have everyone interested in you. His hand moved swiftly in a flash of white and he was next to you in seconds. Leaving Lestrade and a curly-haired woman behind that you heard someone call 'Sally'. He and John walked over to the man's wife and you stayed behind to take a quick look at the car. No one seemed to care if you looked despite not being a cop. It didn't look like there was anything serious going in there. Thankfully you couldn't see a body through the window. And you weren't intending to do a full inspection of the interior.
You gulped and failed to suppress a deep breath. "Which is?"
I really want to thank you for reading this and if you leave kudos or even a comment it would make me super happy :)
They were solving the cases just like the bomber wanted them to. The only thing he didn't necessarily want was you being there, though it didn't make much difference. It's pretty obvious the man was powerful.
With one brief look at the driver, who you couldn't see, you entered the car and made sure to sit as far away from the man as you could. He studied you as you reached to put the seat belt on and you tried to return the gesture by keeping your eyes on him despite the car starting to move. Your internal struggle seemed to amuse him, but he didn't seem like he wanted to hurt you and if he wasn't on the bomber's side, you decided it might be good to hear him out. You also had no doubt he could force you into the car if he wanted. Maybe not himself, but he looked like a man who had several thugs at his disposal.
"And I disinfect myself, yes."
"Homeless network?" John and (y/n) spoke at the same time and he was reminded of her presence.
"The Hickman's contemporary art, isn't it? Why would they get hold of an old master?"
When they were in the cab earlier that night and John's head was on Sherlock's shoulder he could feel himself forgiving him. It wasn't like Sherlock lied for fun, or out of boredom. That was what set the bomber and him apart, they were both brilliant, but Sherlock had a heart.
"Yes, he could have." Sherlock held eye contact with John, who placed his chin in his palm.
"Something's wrong with this picture," Sherlock mused out loud.
A few days after your first meeting with the man, you were on your way to meet Sherlock Holmes again.
“So tell me,” he looked up while he was talking,” there’s no chance the explosion was meant for you is there?”
John was clearly uncomfortable. "Look, I'm sorry, okay? It's just I've got to do this and-"
"Exactly," Sherlock said.
To top it all off, all the energy the previous day took from you had you feeling drained and unable to move. It was painful on so many levels you couldn't feel anything other than a detached urge to start weeping.
The house Kenny lived in was nice. It was dominated by light colors like cream and white with the occasional black or gold. It was like minimalism and fancy combined together. Kenny and Raoul, dressed in black elegant clothes, welcomed them inside and led them to a room with a black and white striped couch and a few paintings. The couch was stiff and uncomfortable. The sort of thing meant to look good and do nothing more. On the couch was the hairless cat you presumed to be Sekhmet.
Cold wind was coming in through the window and chilling you to the bone and somehow back.
She shook her head."It was just a job, you know?"
John's face immediately went to you. He wasn't suspicious, Sherlock's tone didn't imply anything sinister, but you still felt exposed with their attention on you. Throughout the previous conversation, you had made effort to seem alright, but you never expected to fool Sherlock for long, or frankly- at all. Without bothering to ask how Sherlock did it, the story poured out of you.
John just rolled his eyes and asked him in a partly sarcastic tone if he could stand, and he wasn't sure if Sherlock meant it or not when he said no, but he was so tired he didn't even care. He partially lifted him up from his shoulders and blatantly dragged his legs - in a way that wasn't even close to comfortable - towards the couch.
The conversation with him didn't last long. Sherlock asked him a few questions and about half of them had nothing to do with the case. And then they left.
"No. I think it's reckless and impulsive and goddamn stupid. But like you said, we have to assume he's gonna barge in at the end and reveal that he knew everything all along. He's an enigma. He's Sherlock, whatever he's doing- it can't be evil."
"'Their'," You repeated and noticed Sherlock was having fun. "Janus cars."
That was all it took for her and Sherlock to come to an understanding. Once they exchanged their code Sherlock pulled out a bill with the note he scribbled on before tucked inside it and handed it to her.
After paying the cabbie a small fortune, you and John arrived at the dead man's place.
Suddenly, the flat door flew open, but it was just Sherlock. You considered slapping him, but you just stared as he put down Chinese food boxes on the table and made a "here you go" flap with his hand.
As always, please let me know what you think through kudos or comments. I'd love to hear your opinions ideas or even just talk to you :)
"Current?"
You sat down in front of him. "We went to his house, Alex's. He was an astronomer. He didn't know art. He was nice to his flatmate."
They all kind of have their thing but this is my first time attempting to insert an oc into a show with an already established cast so I really try to keep things balanced.
The London air was cold and heavy, the wind violent, and the sun nonexistent around you as you organized everything inside your head. All the anxiety management people made lists, so you made one of your own. Order is a key ingredient of sanity.
John didn't like that. John didn't like a lot of things about Sherlock. He laughed without any humor and got up.
You paused while trying to stand up. He was being... vulnerable. He was trusting you. He hurt you but he apologized and he meant it and now he was trusting you and trying to make you understand. It made your heartbeat get a little slower.
Thank you so so so so so much for reading and I really hope you liked this chapter.
You swallowed and hefted yourself up. "You know, I don't care for apologies. I don't. I want you to swear you won't do this again. I don't want to be in this situation again. Ever. I don't want you to apologize and forget about it I want you to not let it happen."
They entered the cab, in which Sherlock was already waiting, and drove off into the night. When they arrived, it was to a narrow, damp street littered with puddles and, well, litter. Their breath came out in puffs and came in with the distinctive aroma of wet garbage. Sherlock started leading them, but John grabbed his shoulder and gave him a look that meant "we need to talk and I won't take another step until we do".
You tossed it in his direction. "Smart," he caught it and walked away.
"Hey," you put a hand on his shoulder, "that was very clever I didn't even think of that."
“Duality. If our bomber brings in people to establish dominance I see no reason why we shouldn’t. (y/n) is fairly clever and could be useful, besides I’m offering her a choice not sticking her in a car rigged to explode,” after a sharp inhale Sherlock continued, “we’re not dealing with an ordinary bomber.”
Why him? Why Alex? Why kill the man with the post-it notes and the telescope and the green wall with a dusty mirror on it?  Why kill the man who was nice to his flatmate and stargazed all the time and was friends with a "Professor Cairns"?
"I'm not about to leave, and I'm guessing (y/n) isn't either. I know that you're trying to do good. I just can't understand how you don't care about the people he's hurting."
