"That's what I don't understand," Carter said. "Why are you so angry with me—?"
"Oh, I'll think of something," Tony assured him, and Steve could hear the amusement in his voice. "But, y'know, red-white-and-blue, there are still the security cameras. We could just have gotten here too late."
"You told him. How did you know, Tony? Isn't it time that you levelled with
"Do you have a name?"
"It's just a bruise," Steve told him, reaching casually for a towel. "Got a bit of a knock from a chunk of concrete."
The healer spoke quickly in Wakandan.
The minibombs were new. One would easily destroy the whole laboratory section. A minute later, it did just that, but by then Iron Man was gone.
"Why should he? He has more excuse for holding out on us than you do on me."
"Why shouldn't I?"
"A 'no' then," Howard interpreted.
T'Challa parked the SUV alongside a line of trucks inside a cavernous space that seemed to be beneath the building, though moonlight cascaded from a circular light well above. The area had originally been heavily planted, but the grasses were wilting, and the edges of the palms were brown and brittle. Undergrowth had been beaten to the ground and some areas were blackened and burnt either by fire or chemicals.
That was all well and good, but Tony had harboured – was still harbouring – a fugitive he knew had killed, destroying all the evidence of Steve's crime. He hadn't stopped there, but had put himself at risk to destroy government property. If Steve had understood him correctly that property had involved months, perhaps years, of other people's work.
"I warned you about Wakanda," Natasha said pointedly.
Tony said, with a sigh. "Thanks for your help."
"That might be a little tricky, Colonel, seeing as Storm has arranged his own standoff."
But he could feel they were out of control, the Iron Man moving upwards far too quickly.
"Sir," the voice of Jarvis said. "The War Machine has entered the workshop in Stark Tower. Lieutenant-Colonel Rhodes expected to find you there, and is most upset that you are not. He refuses to believe that Ms Potts does not know your current location and he knows, of course, that I am lying when I tell him that I do not."
"When I tell you not to touch something, you don't touch it!" Tony yelled. He had to shove his hands in his pockets to stop himself hitting Pepper – and when had he wanted to hit any of his friends? Leave alone Pep?
that armour and stuck fucking Hammer guns on it, which failed just like I knew they were going to at the wrong moment. Never buy Hammer tech, Rogers, it'll let you down every fucking time.
Ah, a new puzzle. Tony felt a flood of relief. Puzzles were distracting. Puzzles could consume him. "Go on. Is it about your Dad?"
"Nor have I."
He needed to get the full story out of Jan, who at least had the background scientific knowledge, if not in quantum physics, but that also would have to wait for several hours.
Outside, an occasional light danced randomly in the darkness. But Tony knew that all that meant was that he was still at some depth, where animals brought their own illumination. Iron Man would have been right at home, if the ARC reactor had been functional enough to emit more than the faintest of glows. The armour was still ascending, though by no means easily and the HUD compass told Tony he was being swept out into the Atlantic.
"Did he? Save him? Or her?"
"Hey, he thanked me personally, though he seemed to think I was just backing up the medics. He's right that I couldn't have done it by myself, though. This place is just incredible. One minute you think you're back about five hundred years, the next you think you're a couple of hundred years in the future. Some aspects of their medical practice make ours look primitive."
"As I told you, Captain, he is in conference." The AI, which could probably deal with a hundred conversations at once, seemed distracted.
marry me."
Danvers was still hesitating. "John Storm," she said, at last, as if testing them. "Stark asked me to look him up and ask him a question."
– your body was
"I wasn't the only person who knew you were in Seattle. Steve did, for one."
"It isn't. That was the Mark VII, most powerful armour I've built. I laid out the schematics the moment I heard about the Tesseract."
Think about something else. What had happened to upset Tony today? Was it his conversation with Bruce? Or perhaps it was letting Pepper down. Not that that wasn't an everyday occurrence.
"Convince a Federal judge that you have reason under law to demand a warrant, then we'll talk," Roberta said. "Meanwhile, you undoubtedly have a sample of Captain America's DNA – I intend to subpoena you to produce it so we can compare it with that of any man you claim to be him, and we'll have an answer as to who he is or is not once and for all. But that does not mean we will hand anyone who is not a criminal over to you."
It was not a straightforward journey – perhaps it might have been for someone as strong and lithe as T'Challa, but the Iron Man armour was bulky and not particularly manoeuvrable in confined spaces. Tony, however, was in no mood to follow the cavers' code to 'leave nothing but footprints.' Deploying lasers and repulsors, the strength of the amour and an occasional explosive, he opened up the narrow passageways cut by the ancient miners, broke down walls and, on occasion, cut shortcuts through solid rock.
Now that was plain misleading. What the hell was Bruce's game here? Not that messing with Fury's head wasn't the most fun one could have without the involvement of sex or alcohol.
Steve wasn't so sure. Those sharp bends in the corridor – a corridor, he noted, without any visible doors – looked to him like a defence measure. And, within minutes, he was convinced that this was the case but that, if there were computers, they were behind invisible doors, that they could neither locate nor open.
"Go, Steve!"
Jan braked. "I could murder a cold beer," she said, and Steve waved her towards the cooler. "Do you want me to make coffee?"
"I was beginning to think you'd decided you didn't want me after all."
"On its way to you."
Steve had turned in his seat – Tony had yet to persuade him to wear a seatbelt, and it gave him some gratification to see Captain America blatantly break traffic laws even though he was likely the one who would go to jail because he was pretty sure the LAPD wouldn't be convinced that he hadn't been carrying illegally – and was aiming carefully at the oncoming armour.
Tony put his hand on the wall, and the hidden number pad glowed. His fingers flew swiftly across the virtual keys before the gunmen had time to take in what he was doing and the elevator doors opened even as the glow of the pad faded away.
Who'd've thought Captain America was a science fiction fan?
"Look after Cap for a minute, Nat. I have some stones to find." Tony was already on his way.
"Switch it off," Tony snapped. "Now, damn it."
When he got back to the Tower, he was slightly disappointed to find that Cap had, no doubt under Jarvis's direction, located and donned a black towelling robe which hid all that glorious muscle but did emphasise how fair he was and deepened the colour of his eyes. Tony might be in a committed relationship, but he was still, he was sure, allowed to look.
"Taking that missile through the portal was the way out," Tony stated.
"Oh, wow..." Hawkeye's voice was pained and breathless. "You might have warned me."
Somehow it didn't feel like a palace... or, if it was, it was the palace of general.
"I've flown the Air Force's Gulfstreams."
Whoever was sitting up front, they had confidence that amounted to arrogance. They'd be sorry for that.
Tony raised the glass in a toast that was less mocking than he had originally intended and took a hearty swig. It was good.
"At number six in the Country charts..."
"Sure, buddy." Tony's smile died away. "What about Pepper? Has she gone back to UCLA?"
"He has an excellent head for strong liquor," Natasha said. "Better than yours. And he is either very well briefed or he is who he says he is. I have yet to determine who he’s working for, but he is certainly working for someone. Even his disingenuous questions were too probing. He wants to know where Cap is."
"How would I know?" Pepper snapped back. "Jarvis won't let me in, or give me any explanation. I can't contact the plane. I had no idea where you are. I still don't have any idea where you are. Unless you’re at Travis."
"Nor my work," Tony's rage was beginning to drain way, leaving emptiness in its place.
Howard was pointing out major features – they were apparently on something called Long Island, which seemed appropriate as he couldn't see either end, and the city was New York – the name sounded vaguely familiar but there was nothing attached to it in his memory – when Iron Man appeared below them, soaring up into sky in a great curve over the wide iron-grey Sound, with a second figure, purple and silver instead of red and gold, at his flank.
What's more, his head was now aching hard enough to make thinking difficult. He dropped it down to rest on his knees and closed his eyes against the glow of the ARC reactor.
The Panther gave him a long, assessing, look, but made no comment.
Tony slid to his feet, winced at the cold of the rock which penetrated right through the cotton and silk mix of his socks, and paused to don his shoes before making his way over to the firebox and taking the stool beside Steve.
"Well, that's a new one. I've never been charged with kidnapping before." Maybe he could head this off at the pass. Tony turned and looked back at the reception desk, to the security guards who were plainly very, very uneasy and snapped his fingers. "You, check whether a Steven Rogers has entered this building in, oh, say the last month. How is that spelled, by the way? V or PH? Rogers with or without the D? Never mind, there aren't that many iterations. Check them all, including all name combinations, with or without the initial, just so we don't miss a trick."
"Well, good luck with that," was Tony's comment.
"Cap?" the man in the metal suit asked. "Captain America?"
"Like Katrina."
"Not being a human female, I find that hard to judge, sir. Should I ask Ms Potts?"
Even as Steve scrambled off the bed, Tony, who had made no move, said, "I take it this is important, Jan. And private."
"Who the hell are you?" Steve was demanding, in a voice which was so unlike him that Tony kept silence as he dropped from the sky to land behind him.
"But the Soul Stone exists on Vormir right now," Natasha protested. "Clint has – will – take it to our future—"
"And you and Anthony? How do things stand between you?"
"Tony," Steve said, with a quick glance to where Thor was standing beside the door, watching them with fondness tinged with amusement. "Thor may be in exile from Asgard."
"Nah, just keep what I tell you under your armour, Stark. I'm going out on a limb here. Nat still thinks SHIELD has Cap's best interests at heart."
Then Tony pulled him into his lap and he only had the pants to deal with.
"You have heard of Wakanda?" Cheyo sounded astonished.
Tony was right behind her as she skidded to a stop and fell on her knees beside Captain America – their Captain America – reaching to feel for a pulse in his neck.
It was too shrewd a question from T'Challa.
Natasha and Clint stared at Tony, who said, "They use portable media and walk between computers."
"Don't move or I shoot!" That light male voice had to be John Storm.
He hoped.
"No, but I can find out."
The door closed behind her. All the readings now said that the locking mechanism and security were working. They weren't. Tony had tricked them, via Extremis, into leaving the area unsecured. Next he reached for the closed circuit cameras and turned off all the movement sensors on his route to the vault.
"That... may be what bothers me."
"No," Steve said firmly.
"Better," Tony said, and kissed him.
Steve took a deep breath and straightened his spine. "Then I guess I'd better call her. Get her on the phone for me, Jarvis."
"Hence the swarming SHIELD agents, plus added military. They make you out there?" Tony asked.
"We didn't," Fury said, flatly.
And one of the reasons he had those extra days was the pair of Jiminy Crickets in his ear that had made him pause before every reply – and that had given him a few moments to actually think about what he wanted to say. Towards the end of the meeting Steve and Bruce had been remarkably quiet, save for occasional murmurs of approval.
Steve had known that the facilities here were extensive, had even seen photographs and plans laid out on the computers back at the Tower, but the sheer scale of the reality once again brought home how much Tony was worth, not only in monetary terms. And how much else depended on him.
Iron Man came in to land using the workshop entrance, allowed the robots to strip away the armour, leaving him in a rumpled lightweight suit that had cost a fortune and would, no doubt, cost almost as much to put back into its original pristine condition. Tony flung the crumpled jacket over U, followed it with his tie and sweat-soaked shirt, grabbed an ancient but clean t-shirt out of a drawer, and headed towards the bright lights and colours that indicated the holographics were in operation.
It was then that the HUD showed someone appearing out of the portal, causing a moment's hesitation on the part of the leader of the fleeing group, but only a moment before he continued on. Plainly, the newcomer was known to him.
He found Steve and Howard sitting opposite each other on matching sofas, a bottle of whisky on the coffee table between them, tumblers cradled in their hands.
"Probably. I was on leave then so all I got is gossip and speculation. But Cap being with you and Bruce would panic anyone."
"Stark," the familiar deep voice said; a statement, not a greeting.
"While the internal US conspiracy poses the most immediate threat and are more easily identifiable – thanks mainly to Hawkeye and the Widow – I believe the mercenary group to be far more dangerous. They have tech none of us completely understand, they almost certainly have possession two of the Chitauri war machines downed in the Battle of New Y—"
"Shit, Jarvis, tell her we – I'm fine," Tony said.
"Maybe, but has it occurred to you could hurt Steve quite badly here? All this flim flam from SHIELD doesn't mean that this Peggy might not still be alive but senile or dying in a hospice somewhere or simply doesn't want anything to do with a man she knew seventy years ago..."
"In the trunk. Not sure how much of it you're going to be able to salvage, though."
There was nothing Steve could think of to say except, "Okay, we'll go with that, Jarvis."
"There'll be listening devices, possibly even cameras, in your apartment," Tony told him with complete certainty. "Your phone was bugged."
"It may not be that simple," White Wolf said, as he raised the gun and fired again.
He relinquished his armour to the bots and, with a normal-sized Jan silent at his side, made his way into the lounge area, with its raised curving bar, overstuffed sofas, and the floor-to-ceiling windows through which Loki had hurled him with intent to kill. The room was empty, but there were cheery voices not far away, and there were delicious scents fighting the air conditioning.
Natasha's eyes narrowed. "The Pym particles."
Jan, however, beat him to the punch. "Betty's on her own path to find Bruce. And she may find some answers to our questions on the way."
Christ. No wonder Steve had had such a low opinion of him. "It was my
And then there was Tony. What had happened to his soul when he had died in the future? Suppose the Soul Stone had...
He'd had plenty of offers and a few one-night stands, usually when he had been feeling particularly lonely. At first he had felt guilty, that he had perhaps betrayed Pepper, but as time passed that had faded, and he started to enjoy himself.
"Acknowledged."
Highly.
It led into what was plainly a workshop area, though the four men lurking there were equally plainly not mechanics. Two of them looked round in surprise, but the other two, who were watching the main hall of the hangar from behind some heavyweight machinery (and if Tony had been here he would have been able to advise them what it was and how bulletproof it was – and, damn it, not having him here to do it worse than not carrying his shield) did not move. Their guns – sub-machine guns, Steve guessed, though in some ways they looked more like carbines – remained pointed towards one of the two giant transport aircraft parked there.
"Pepper runs your company. How come she says doesn't know where you are?"
"Under... right shoulder plate... two holes... fingers... rotate twice right, once left, three right..."
"Sleep, Tony. Your father's files have waited since... well, since the war, I guess. They can wait another few hours."
"Until Afghanistan."
"Jay," Tony said, "you'd better run the diagnostics on the old reactor core again."
"Having a little local difficulty?" those speakers bellowed.
He'd get the answers later. Meanwhile, he followed Stark into a large kitchen that looked more like a mad scientist's laboratory, where an older man – not that he was old – was sliding fried eggs onto plates that already contained bacon and hash browns.
"Like you were after that night at the Barton farm?" Steve cursed himself for that, for how much it revealed about how abandoned he had felt.
"Well, if you'd had the nerve to face me you'd know about it, and you could have your Captain America suit."
"Hill—" Tony said. Then, as she turned and looked back, "Thank you."
"Better suit up, Cap," Iron Man said brusquely. "We need to go see Velasco."
He opened the refrigerator door, looked at the choices available to him, winced, and went to pour himself a whisky.
"Slow down, would you, Steve? Something's disturbed the ants in this area," Hank reported from the back seat as they rolled downhill towards what Jan's map told them was Oliver's Plot.
So Tony shoved his hands in his pockets and watched the wind ruffle Steve's hair, as he stood looking out over an unusually calm Pacific ocean.
"Obie as in Obadiah Stane? Who tried to kill you? And steal your company?"
Not that he'd ever mean what Bucky Barnes had to Steve, but that wouldn't stop his friend from coming after him.
All speech stopped as Tony and Natasha entered behind the Ancient One. The dozen or so men and women gathered in the room were mostly dressed in a variation of short robes over wide pants, though one woman was in shorts and tee, and two of the men were dressed in business suits. Tony looked for the crimson cloak with the personality as worn by Strange, but did not see it.
"Was Miss Potts scheduled to attend this meeting?" Steve asked.
"That's fine," Steve said. "So long as I can have Tony standing by."
"I don't... Does she know? I mean... that you've—?"
"Steve, if I had contact with either Mr Stark or my digital clone I would tell you at once." Jarvis sounded as worried and distracted as Steve himself.
That the question would probably make him blush was one more reason to ask it.
"Harsh, Stark." Fury's one eye glared assessingly at Tony, who finally retracted the faceplate so he could return it with interest and a shit-eating grin. His own eyes, he knew, would be back to their normal blue.
She jumped. "Tony, don't sneak in like that. Where the hell have you been?"
Well, if someone else took charge of his everyday life and, between them, Steve, Jarvis, Bruce and Mrs Arbogast were managing that task well enough.
Bruce flinched, looking everywhere but at Tony. "Not well. I don't think the Other Guy wants me to get rid of him. There's damage..."
"That's odd," Tony said. "I would have thought this 'anti-herb-poison’ trait would be spread fairly widely through the population of the Panther tribe and probably quite a few others by now."
"But you were army, not SSR. You were never more than seconded to them, right?"
T'Challa flipped a switch, and a transparent dome clicked into place over their heads. Ahead, sunlight reflected blindingly from water. Hundreds of flamingos lifted off from the lake's surface in a flurry of pale pink wings. Under cover of the confusion, the flier sank into the lake. A crocodile, over ten feet long, snaked through the water in front of them, raising clouds of mud in its wake. Shoals of fish gave way before it, and them.
"Then there's the election..."
Jan stood on his foot, hard, making him yelp, but the damage had been done.
Steve opened his mouth to say, "No, let's go back to the hotel," but duty turned it into, "I guess that wouldn't do any harm."
"We've been under attack," Steve said defensively. "Jarvis identified you a little too late. Tony will see you right about your... aircraft. If your errand was that urgent, maybe we can help."
Steve's mouth twisted. "Humour me, why don't you?"
"Looks like we're late to the party," Natasha's voice said over the comm.
"There's been no indication of it," Natasha said. "Though I'm sure she is as interested as anyone else in making use of the Avengers and Stark's tech. It's possible she knows of the aims but not the illegal methods being used, particularly with the election so close and her interests focused elsewhere."
Steve moved his hand to the back of Tony's head, pulling him into a kiss, then wrapping his arms about him. Tony buried his face in his shoulder and hugged him back, but Steve was unable conceal his sharp intake of breath at the touch.
As Tony jetted towards the temple steps, Okoye broke off her argument with the woman to turn and face him, holding up a hand and saying, "Do nothing, Stark. This is one of our greatest Healers; T'Challa's personal physician, skilled in both your medicine and our traditions."
Howard waved Steve to a stool at the breakfast bar. Tony put a glass of orange juice in front of him and asked how he liked his coffee...
"No, ma'am," Steve answered.
"It would be the first time since you hit the Academy." Tony squeezed his elbow. "I know what I'm doing."
"No armour either."
"You no longer need me here," Thor was saying.
"Hi, Bruce," Steve greeted. "Tony's asleep. Is it urgent enough to wake him?"
When Steve had finished the chocolate and PowerBars, and drunk a large carton of juice, he began carefully folding and stacking the wrapping papers. That task completed, he took a breath, set his jaw, and looked up at Tony from under insufferably long lashes, "Thank you."
"Slightly. Air Force to the core. Actually, the Air Force right or wrong. A good pilot, mind you, though not in Jim's class. Or mine. This complicates things."
Tony stared at his phone. "It's a cell, Romanoff, not radio," he pointed out to the empty air. "Stark out," he announced to no one in particular, took one more look at the fading contrails, and headed back to where he had left the armour.
"Dad, almost certainly."
Their vehicle shot out of the trees into clear air, and swerved once, picking up straight-line speed. At the controls, the man in black was chanting, the words urgent but unintelligible.
Danvers blinked. "That is a very odd question," she pointed out. "Have you asked his sister?"
"Hey," Steve said, reaching out to grab them back.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Happy, who said, "Your uniform's in the trunk."
"Stay in the water for the moment," Tony advised. "Best thing for burns. No doubt the serum's healing factor is going to deal with them, but why not give it a helping hand."
"They didn't. They'd tested it on him, back in the day, when they were looking for something that would sedate him. That stuff knocks him out. Doesn't hang around, either. Breaks down real quick when exposed to air."
"You aren't the damn Hulk, and to keep you alive I'd do far worse than that," Tony snapped. He took several deep breaths, then said, "Oh, go get cleaned up, Steve. And some rest while you're about it."
"I told him." Tony took a deep breath.
"The armour I wove into the White Wolf suit for my brother is better," T'Challa replied. "On balance, I think I will stick with it. I may need the authority it gives me – and the fear it generates."
"It's my personal plane," Tony pointed out, "
. Thank you for seeing us, Mr Stark. I am Ambassador Joseph Cheyo, Permanent Representative to the United Nations from the Republic of Tanganyika, and this is my UN colleague His Excellency Thabiti Ndungu from the Republic of Kenya."
"If I can't find it, we'll lay the explosives. If they don't work we'll have to get Tony or T'Challa," Steve told her.
Danvers grinned. "I'll tell him you used that nickname. It's 'Goshdarn!'" she called back. "But only under extreme duress and he always apologises if there are women present."
"Wow!" Jan said, as the walls slid past. "This is better than riding Kingda Ka**. How did you know it was here?"
"Pardon?" Steve was sure he must have misheard.
"Let's leave them to it," Jan suggested. "I'd apologise for their rudeness, but it's not often I get a chance to show anyone what we're – what Hank, really – is doing. They won't even notice we're gone for hours."
His disappointment in SHIELD was bitter, even if it was not unexpected after what they had done to the Living Laser. Trusting the organisation with anything important never worked out well, despite his Dad's faith in Fury.
drunk. You did say that, and just now that friends don't 'owe' friends. Fuck it, the Avengers are going to be needed again. Jarvis calculates the odds at eighty-nine point five per cent that we'll be needed within the next six months, maybe sooner, and my instinct says sooner. Fury was right in one thing; the universe knows we're here, but SHIELD has political masters and we don't. I don't need their finance to get a team ready to meet the threat."
"Really, Tony, this is not the time!" Pepper sounded exasperated.
"What about the flying tank?" Cap's voice asked.
There was no sign of the Panther, but Steve's familiar silhouette stood out black against the glow of the firebox.
Steve had been edging away from Tony and behind the Hulk. Now, he raced forward, scooped Hank up into his arms and fled back on towards the far door.
It was Steve who answered out of the darkness. "We're going to need that and more. They're already on our trail."
"Of course."
For the first time, the Ancient One showed emotion, and that emotion was shock, though she covered it quickly.
For a moment he panicked, thinking he might be facing the time-contemporary Natasha, but he reminded himself sharply that this was not how she had looked during the Battle of New York.
"We've stored the less critical material there – and the Chitauri machine, shrunk and buried," Hank told him. "Bruce figured you wouldn't want to risk that anywhere near a population centre."
"You don't have a driver’s licence or a birth certificate either!"
"Maybe not, but you gave it willingly enough, didn't you? And you were pretty damn cosy with him and Hill at Coulson's funeral, not to mention the Wake. All that bullshit with Happy being unable to drive and me being too drunk to fly the armour – you were Fury's mouthpiece all along."
Even on the single word, there was no mistaking that voice. Tony had to hold onto the chair back because his knees were jelly and his pulse pounding in his ears, louder than the thunder and the waves. It seemed years since he had breathed.
am in command of this base. What's left of it. You have permission to assist, Iron Man. Marchand over and out."
He shrugged. "Most relationships I've been in have lasted less than a week." In most cases less than twenty-four hours, if he was honest.
"Is it? Hiding one?" Tony asked, with interest. "Go on, Nick, you must've checked."
Steve hoped he wasn't blushing as her eyes met his in perfect sympathy. All she said, however, was, "Why are they here?"
"The latter. Because they died when I blew up their home base."
Tony sat back in the chair, frowning. "That's odd."
What was more, the inhabitants of the outer compound hadn't vanished, but were watching from the shadows around the dwellings, from doorways, and from beneath the not-really-thorn wall that ringed the outer compound.
"What if she was?" Tony shot back. "You don't have control of my social life any more, Potts."
He had so few friends, and he wanted, strongly, to be friends with this woman. And he didn't have much time. Perhaps it was worth the risk,
"My lord is going to be very angry about this," Okoye muttered, regarding the mess with distaste.
Tony was dozing when he heard the sound of the machinery that lowered the ramps to the tunnel that led to the ruined barn outside the valley. It galvanised him into rolling out of bed and struggling into his pants, before hurrying to the storeroom just in time to see the SUV, its front passenger window missing, come barrelling up the ramp and brake abruptly. The doors opened, and Steve, Hank, Jan... and oh, thank Christ, that was Bruce, full sized and plainly unharmed... got out.
"Indeed they do." The voice was commanding and the gawkers scattered at once, some heading back through the big doors, past the bald-headed man in what would have been a wheelchair, if it had wheels, and others round the side the building at a dead run.
"Indeed it is." Without waiting Tony's order, Jarvis opened the doors to the elevator. "Mr Stark is waiting for you."
It wasn't so much like fireworks but more like the last piece of a jigsaw fitting into place, the final adjustment to a perfectly tuned machine. All the desperate sex, Tony realised, had been reaching for this... comfort.
"Did you steal it?"
And that was surprisingly easy to do.
The microphones picked up a double intake of breath, but nothing else.
"No."
"Brandy?" Tony asked, making his way up the marble steps and round the grand piano to the bar.
With the Stealth suit at his side, Iron Man let loose with all the considerable power of the repulsors, throwing trees, scrub and rocks into the air. Thor's hammer hurtled past, taking out the biggest trees, while Jarvis changed tactics with the Stealth suit to clear the remains behind them.
Which was now right in front of him. In his moment's hesitation before turning aside, Tony had taken the opportunity to grasp his arms and hold him still.
"No power readings," Jarvis reported. "Its energy source may have been disab—"
"Shields up, anyway. And stay alert." Plainly, the flare and the fake engine problems had been designed to attract his attention. Tony could only admire the pilot's skill, though he was deeply suspicious of his motives.
That pain was worse than the all-too-familiar headache and dustpan mouth, informing him in no uncertain terms that drowning his sorrows was not an effective remedy against loss.
Ten minutes later, Pepper arrived in the Rescue armour and started living up to her superhero name, but, really there was no one left to save, at least not in the water. The waves – water and shock – from the explosion had struck buildings and highways, bringing down the former and bowling cars from the latter. Luckily, they had not been strong enough to flood more than a couple of dozen roads and three railroad stations.
"Never mind that. His Majesty wants to see you. He's been in council with his advisors, and you have—" Hank checked his watch "—fifteen minutes to get showered and changed into these ceremonial robes." He hefted up a bundle of crimson cloth.
"Not true," Steve retorted automatically, though he wasn't sure if it was or wasn't; he'd assumed the others would be there if and when he needed them, just as he intended to be there if they needed him. He just hadn't thought it would be like this.
"I think it was lucky for the people of Seattle, co-incidence or not. Yes, the gentleman in the pink shirt."
"You haven't heard a word I've said, have you?" Tony snarled, trying for real anger but only managing to fake it through his misery. "You're the last person who should go after Barnes. You must know that. You look at the Winter Soldier, see only Barnes, and your tactics are to let him beat you to a pulp – at the danger of letting hundreds of people die. It nearly got you killed the first time, damn it, and nearly got me killed the last time – both times. Oh, and just so you know, I'm the wrong person too, because of Mom and Dad and Rhodey and, god help me, you. And if you do you'll have the whole of the world's law enforcement on your tail. Again."
The intensity of the feeling, of passion in the kiss shocked him even as he answered it, his tired body reacting with surprising speed. He hooked his right hand into Tony's hair, holding their mouths together because, though there was a small voice in his head telling him they shouldn't be doing this, he never wanted the kisses to end.
"Drone's coming round in front of us," Storm's voice reported. "Damn thing's as persistent as a wasp round a jelly doughnut."
"Christ..." Tony wheezed against Steve's encircling grip. "Sonic bang.
"The World Security Council isn't pleased – is, in fact, extremely displeased about your annexing Captain America."
"Let's go see."
Okay, if they wanted to play hardball—
"Finding you floating face down in that tub scared me, Tony." Steve was trying for calm but not succeeding. "It scared you too, though I don't know why. I thought— I suppose I was taking too much for granted." He turned towards Tony and, with an effort, looked him directly in the eyes.
Wall, gate and gatehouses shattered into thousands of pebble sized fragments, a hail of stone and blood and flesh, because there had been warriors on all three—
So was the fact that Steve had been asleep beside him for a while. Yesterday must have exhausted him more than he would admit. He wasn't healing half as quickly as he pretended.
"Who are you?" he asked instead.
"Just so, Ms Potts. But if I have identified them correctly, this is their second attempt to access our data, and their previous targets were SI shipping documents and accounts—"
Tony waved Bruce to silence as the familiar voice said. "Fury here. What the hell is this about, Stark?
" As he spoke, Iron Man surfaced and came rocketing back towards the gates.
Hogun shrugged. "Ask the Valkyries to take you. But Frigga and Thor think not. They believe, given your prowess as a warrior, that Odin will confine you to Asgard. I have been charged with getting you to Midgard first."
Tony began to worry that he might choke, rather than pass out again.
Tony was shaking his head. "I'm worst person ever to give anyone relationship advice."
The body wore a uniform of some kind. Dark, almost certainly identical to those of his captors and probably distressingly obvious in city crowds. There also seemed to be some sort of utility belt.
"So Storm was abducted by persons unknown," Jan said. "And now he's vanished, right?"
Tony really did not want a run in with the dogs and, judging by the tension in Steve's hand as it gripped his arm, he felt the same way. He wondered if it was the dog or the black clad man that caused the same tension in the leading members of their escort as they came to a halt a few feet from the vehicle.
"That does not take effort," Natasha replied, without missing a beat. "We've been working undercover to pinpoint who was after you and Cap, which is not an easy job. You – the Avengers, but especially you – are not popular in the capital, Tony, with either the Executive or Congress."
"Jarvis says that thing was mutated by the process that produced the Hulk."
Bruce gunned the engine, and they were away into the night.
"Nothing but what's either a code or a company name – 'Eternal Champions'. I have no idea what—"
Steve spun about, fist heading straight for Tony's chin.
"You don't get it, do you, Steve? One woman – admittedly probably an Asgardian witch – deactivated an ARC reactor with a word. How I survived is unimportant. We have dozens of big ARC reactors due to go live across the world, with new plants being built to meet expected demand. Unless I can find a way to neutralise her and her kind, that's a real threat, not just to my plans, but to everyone."
"Tony, talk to me, for pity's sake."
Steve wasn't sure what to make of that, but Tony was never bothered by the lack of a reply. "This is one of your 'bombs'," he said, lifting the lid of the case to show one of the spheres from the ornithopter cradled in packing.
"And, just in case you don't," Steve went on, "I feel that way too. When you're ready, I'll say it."
And if any of them should happen to get in a lucky shot – well, maybe the wholesale slaughter option would look a whole lot more attractive...
Steve went willingly into Tony's arms and rested his forehead against his, as all the adrenaline-fuelled energy drained away, leaving him aching and tired.
"Ha! Less than six years before we make arrangements for your hundredth birthday." Tony saw the shadow cross Steve's face and cursed himself. He couldn't take back that unwelcome reminder and was left floundering for a way to make this right. "And boy, will it be some party," he added lightly.
"She's linked to the mask," Tony reminded him. "It had taken over her mind. But a Doombot? Really? I didn't know any of them had survived the Latverian uprising."
"More likely after the vibranium. From what we know now, it's probably the reason why the goons behind this Klaw character also tried to kill me."
"—do you want to load a copy of your main program into my suit and come along for the ride?"
"Hawkeye and Widow, the stealth armour will transport you down once we've assessed the situation. Jarvis will be piloting. A-Jet2, once they're out go high into a holding pattern and wait for my call. And don't crash into A-Jet1."
He'd thought he wanted this. Now he wasn't so sure.
The portal snapped shut, leaving behind a trail of red – splinters of red pincers, still-waving red tentacles – and the lower half of a tortured human body, lying in a pool of blood on the parquet floor.
Jean laughed. "Take it from me, the limited vocabulary is a bonus. You'd know that if you'd been lectured by Professor X."
Inside Stark Tower, Steve's adjustment to life in the twenty-first century continued apace. True to his word, Tony had managed to persuade, or more probably bribe, two standout teachers of hand-to-hand combat, including disciplines of which Steve hadn't even heard, to come to the tower to tutor them both. Also, and this really surprised Steve, he managed to clear enough of his schedule to attend each class, though it was Steve who invited Pepper and Happy.
And he was back, once again, on that train snaking through the Alps, and Bucky's face was suddenly vivid, mouth open in the scream that still haunted Steve, as he fell, all too slowly, away into...
Danvers hesitated and not, Steve suspected, because she was trying to cope with Jan's awful pun. "I needed to see Stark in a hurry," she said at last. "I didn't have his personal phone number and, while I bulled my way through to Potts, she wouldn't give me it. I knew Stark would recognise the transport – so I sure as hell didn't expect to be brought down."
"Gives a whole new meaning to the 'Wild West'," Danvers said dryly.
"Stark is
It was a relief, finally, to see the hurricane below him, white clouds blinding in the low sunlight, and was awed by its size. The spiral arms of cloud trailing out from the massive hub reached almost halfway across the Atlantic while brushing the coast of the Carolinas. Even from this height he could see lightning sparking in the eyewall. The bottom of the eye itself was invisible.
"Second," a crisp female voice said from behind them. "You report to SHIELD, Stark, and don't forget it."
Steve was startled. "Kill me, you mean?"
She said: "This is Anthony Stark – Iron Man – and Natasha Romanoff, sometimes known as the Black Widow, but they are not exactly the people you saw defending New York today. This afternoon, Dr Bruce Banner, who was also not exactly the Hulk, came to me from the future to borrow the Eye of Agamotto. For reasons that seemed good to me at the time, I agreed. Moments later, the Eye was returned, but at the same instant an event occurred that caused a major split in the timeline."
"Point. I have no idea."
Like he believed a word of it. This was pure Barton revenge, probably on Tony, with himself as collateral damage.
That was not what he'd started to say, Tony guessed. He sealed the access panel with a flourish and rose to his feet while deciding how to respond. "Not anymore," he said at last. "We make a good team. A very good team. And I'm shy a partner now Rhodes has chosen the Air Force over me."
Steve was sure he wouldn't be able to do so, was waiting for an attempt at hypnosis or some other trickery, but though Xavier had not said a word, was not even looking at him, the room slowly faded into blinding sunlight.
He picked up with some relief, because it would postpone the call he had to make. "Hey, Bartowlski, you're working late."
Betty's expression was a mixture of fascination and astonishment. "How can Mr Jarvis be managing security both here and at the Tower?" she asked.
"What? You're suggesting I hired someone to kill you over your will?"
Decision made, he settled down in one of the trees, though the branches creaked under the armour's weight, hacked into the closed circuit surveillance system and prepared to wait for evening. He could use the time to engineer a special computer worm.
"I'm fine, Cap, really. Just covered in gunk." And his stomach was hurting as it sometimes did when fear clenched his muscles.
Howard's brows furrowed as he frowned at his son. He opened his mouth as if to say something – probably a rebuke for his language – but plainly thought better of it. What he said in the end was, "Are you going to bring her in on this?"
"Inform Steve that he may lose contact with me, and let's go look."
"Yeah, and he's really, really, really interested in meeting Cap. Well, his best chance of that is cashing in his own chips, which considering his apparent age might be sooner than he expects— What the hell was that?"
"Probably?"
"You'll be telling me next she's a natural blonde," Tony muttered.
"Will you grow it back?" Steve asked, surprising himself by realising that it
Occasionally, watching Thor with Jane or Bruce with Betty, he felt a pang of regret for his relationship with Pepper but he watched with disapproval as Darcy flirted with a seemingly oblivious Steve. Sure, she was pretty and funny and intelligent and, if you discounted the seventy years Steve had spent frozen in the ice, only a little younger than he was, but...
Jarvis had tracked the paths of three different Air Force transports across the Atlantic (which was always assuming that Shuri had not been put in a car and driven to one of a dozen UK airports or an obscure creek leading to the North Sea, in either case being shipped to God alone knew where) the most likely of which had landed at McConnell Air Force Base and was still there, though it was doubtful Shuri was.
With Thor's arrival, the situation in the Tower changed rapidly. He felt none of Steve or Bruce's qualms about accepting Tony's hospitality – indeed, taking it for granted – so he not only moved in but brought his astrophysicist lover, Dr Jane Foster, with him, and Jane came as a unit with Dr Erik Selvig and their ridiculous intern, Darcy Lewis. So that meant that Tony had to find lab space for Jane and Erik. Encouraged by the way the women lightened the mood in the Tower, Bruce gathered his courage and asked his equally brilliant lover, Dr Betty Ross, to stay for the weekend – a weekend that became a week, then two, at which point Betty resigned from Culver and accepted Tony's offer of funding for her research. More lab space to find, but it also meant that Tony was suddenly surrounded by brilliant scientists who spoke his language and shared his dedication.
"Fuck the serum. Don't tell me you aren't in pain," Tony snapped as he rose to his feet. "You stay there. I'll—"
"So I know the symptoms and I listened to Bruce and, well, you didn't have my resources – any resources. Even the prospect of revenge. I guessed Natasha would look after Clint, and I gave Bruce work and people to argue with, but you were off looking for America or something, all by yourself... and, damn it, I shouldn't have brought you here where Jarvis couldn't— I mean where y—"
. And in doing so you pitched Barton against Widow and Wanda against Vision. You may not consider me your friend, but they—" He broke off because that wound was still too raw. "Even if you'd won, what do you think would have happened? Do you really believe the US government – the UN, the Security Council, the EU, the Chinese, the Russians, Wakanda – would have just thrown up their hands and torn up the Accords, let you and Barnes run free, even let the Avengers go on existing? You're not that fucking stupid!"
"Your sidekick," Tony had called Sam, even as he had made him upgraded wings and weapons.
"No, sir. I would have reported in at once if he had." The woman sounded annoyed, as if he were questioning her professionalism as, he supposed, he was.
"At once, Steve."
Tony chuckled. "I take it you've run up against the public's willingness to believe ... well, anything that's illogical and impossible because you can't trust experts or the government – well possibly they may be right about that – and put it on the internet as truth. Nothing on the internet is to be believed by the way, unless I put it there and even then if it's on Facebook or Wikipedia I'm probably lying..."
The helicopter rotor wasn't even turning now, yet the thing still flew, limping away over the ocean, Iron Man following in its wake.
"When you monitor the board meeting, show the feed to these two sceptics."
Hands steadied him. "God, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," Steve was saying, next to his ear, sounding... panicked? "Are you okay?"
"I don't know what I believe. I don't have a strong enough hypothesis, and very few facts to verify it, or any other."
"Then I would have to kill you. Which wouldn't trouble me, given your past."
Tony was suddenly intensely curious as to how it scanned through the inserts in the hood that masked the eyes of both the Black Panther and White Wolf costumes.
It didn't feel right. "Jarvis?"
The moustaches were twirled again. "A matter of some debate, as Odin rides abroad on Sleipnir, seeking news of Loki's allies, and Frigga rules in his stead. She welcomed you as her son's friend and shield-brother. Also, you were dead, and could not request, dissent or demur. You bear no blame."
Bruce snorted, but there was affection in his voice as he said, "I don't know how he puts up with you."
As it had swallowed Peggy.
One said two words to Steve in that unknown language.
Yet the city was built by a technology far beyond his comprehension, and there were no shortages of food or water or energy or anything a man or woman or even a god might require.
"You haven't got your uniform. Or any clothes, actually," he added, with a wicked grin, letting his gaze linger; a naked Captain America was a memory to treasure. He wondered if he'd escape alive if he took a tug at the towel. It might even be worth it. "And Jarvis wouldn't have operated the elevator for you. It wasn't a Life Model Decoy because we don't have one for you. So it had to be a hologram, admittedly one that you were voicin—".
(See the end of the chapter for
His voice was cut off by the closing elevator doors.
The world had been orange. Now it was orange and yellow.
"You can forget about the legal fiction," Steve said. "You're stuck with me now."
Pepper rose to her feet to face him. "Now you are being ridiculous."
He must be so disappointed in him.
Making up his mind, he began to swim towards the dark bulk of the shore blocking the stars in front of him, ignoring the call of the city lights.
With that example to spur him on, Steve had attempted to put his foot down. Finally, he had been allowed, a tad grudgingly, to design and decorate his own quarters. It had been even more difficult to persuade Tony to make the other suites a blank canvas that the appropriate Avenger could tweak to their own requirements, but he and Pepper had managed it between them.
"Shut up, Jarvis," Tony snarled.
He spread his hands. "Well, y'know, they might be watching tonight's game and not the skies. And it used to be Tony."
It was a very satisfying explosion.
"Bruce would have said the same thing," Jan pointed out.
"I'm okay. I've worked longer hours than this on the Iron Man."
"Seems like I'm out of the loop," Tony said. "I need to make some calls, because this is important. Damn it, I need Rhodey."
Carefully, he reached out, snagged the envelope, and extracted a single sheet of paper.
"Someone has been removing downed Chitauri troop carriers. Under SHIELD's nose."
"So Fury isn't going to be any help even if we could contact him."
The big ground-effect vehicle sped across the surface of the lagoon, raising clouds of spray around its skirts. Tony, tied hand and foot and lying next to a similarly bound T'Challa in the aft cargo space, could see nothing but that spray and the sky blazing blue above it. By their position relative to the sun they were heading South East.
What they needed was to delay the ceremony long enough for the Iron Man armour to arrive and find Tony, who would then be safe and able, perhaps, to save T'Challa and Wakanda. And for that he also needed the magic that guarded Wakanda to vanish – always hoping that T'Challa dealt with the technological protections. Indeed, if the Panther had still been aware, he could have spoken to his god.
"Good enough," Tony said, and Steve started breathing again. "Welcome aboard, Colonel, Lieutenant. Jarvis, find quarters for these people, please. They look ragged. Hank, you and Jan are excused. Nat, Clint, could you help Danvers and Storm to get settled? And fed. Definitely fed. Food is good. I have to talk to Thor, so there's that. Selvig and Foster too. Then there are things I need to do in the workshop. Steve, for God's sake get some sleep. T'Cha—"
"Indeed, Sir. Loading now."
"I'd better. I'm gonna call Jarvis and get him to send the armour here. You want it to bring your shield?"
"You were
This time last year he'd never had a drink, but then at this time last year he, Pepper and Rhodey had been battling the invading Makluan, not to mention having their secret identities exposed later the same day. It had also been the first time he kissed Pep, even if it had only been a peck on the cheek.
Steve gave her a warning glance and a slight headshake. Both Tony and Bruce thought highly of Betty Ross but if she had worked on a super-soldier project, had helped to create the Hulk, if inadvertently, and was the daughter of the head of that project...
"I'll help all I can," Hank said, "but it isn't my thing, either. You're the synthesist, Tony, and you have the math and physics background."
"You were the one he was always complaining about," Tony said. The one who'd been his rival at Flight School and always a step ahead of him on the promotion ladder. "He never told me you were—"
"Jarvis nailed the location of three cameras covering the area around Carter's grave. I thought that was overkill at the time, but only one of them feeds into this security system. As for that one, I don't think I ever came within camera range, either tonight or yesterday afternoon, but there ought to be footage of you laying flowers on the grave and there doesn't seem to be anything at all. Nothing with a time stamp for today, in fact."
"Yes, sir. Also Director Fury, Deputy Director Hill, the entire Press Corps, Colonel Velasco, Ms Bartowski—"
Then a darker shadow passed swiftly between him and whatever-it-was, and that leading dumbbell shape...
"Here in the Tower? Which one?"
Normally, he would have made the coffee himself, but right now he needed the caffeine hit, so let U handle a triple espresso, with Jarvis supervising in surprising silence.
"Jarvis reports something large, non-metallic and slow moving—" There was an audible plop, presumably Tony's mouth gawping in astonishment at the sight before him; Steve knew his was.
Steve was shaking his head. "We don't want a fight where civilians might get hurt. Or where Bruce has to call out the Hulk."
"'I was off his radar."
sort of guy, and you aren't, you couldn't do anything to me without my consent. Even weakened, so long as you aren't in the suit, I can take you apart. You know this. So this isn't about me. It's about you. About always being in control."
"Any longer? Any more?"
Instantly, every weapon the War Machine possessed – and there were a lot of them – was levelled at it.
Thor – and there was no doubt about who he was now - thrust his hammer into his belt, though he did not move his hand far from it. His companion, who wore a green hooded cloak that hid his identity as securely as a mask would have done, lifted his head, revealing just a hint of dark blond beard, and raised a hand to signify caution.
"And your father wasn't?" Fury snarled back, plainly stung, which meant that Tony had been near enough to the mark to repay the original jab with interest.
"Steve doesn't have his shield," Natasha said. "Will he bothered by the loss of the hammer as well?"
It was late in the evening before Tony and Jan finally escaped the attentions of the NYPD and SHIELD and returned to the Tower. The authorities had spent so long arguing over jurisdiction that Tony had, in exasperation, pointed out that the entire incident would have been viewed on the Internet by half the world before they got around to seeing the footage.
For one moment Steve was flooded with joy, his heart picking up speed as he clutched Mjolnir even tighter – but it couldn't be
"No." Steve's voice cut into the conversation. Everyone turned to stare at him as he drew himself to his full height. "Hogan is primarily a chauffeur, and nowadays he guards Ms Potts. Iron Man is my teammate and my partner. Tony Stark is my boss and pays my salary as his bodyguard." Steve's expression was stern, and the glint in his eye and the tilt of his head dared Tony to contradict him.
Still drugged.
Steve looked up at him with dejection in his eyes. "Why are you being so nice to me?"
Whatever argument Tony had expected it had not been that. He'd been all prepared to explain DNA analysis, but that wasn't going to help right at this moment.
On the way home he took a detour out over the coast, smashed each vial between his hands, and let them drop into the sea.
Tony grinned. "Well, it may be my only chance to coerce someone into doing something this stupid, considering my track record. Seriously, it can just be a legal fiction, if that's what you want. We can end it easily enough, after a year or so, when you've redeemed yourself in government eyes. I won't stand in your way."
Even as the pilot exited the aircraft and waved at Iron Man, now hovering above the sea, Tony was demanding "Is he armed, Jarvis?"
Arriving at the top, he had to pause to catch his breath.
It was Tony who broke the kiss. "Christ, that wasn't the best idea..."
"Guess I'd better do it. Get cracking, Jarvis."
"Tony."
"I've got you," he said. "I've got you. It's all right. It's all right. Jarvis?"
"Not your business," Tony snapped.
"By tonight the place will be crawling with cars full of reporters," Jan said, "so we'll be forgotten. Of course, they won't find anything. That is if the mini-Hulk is still back there with you, Hank."
"General Ross? Who just missed out being your father-in-law? We've met. I had the pleasure of throwing him out of a bar I'd just bought."
"Send him out as Ant-Man," Jan suggested.
"My God," he said. "It's a secret base. Just like in the comics. Howard had a secret base. What did he do here, Tony?"
"My Lord – but he refused to do so..."
"Of course you must have Tony," Xavier replied easily.
"Sure is."
"Probably not." Tony said, as he began to leaf through the papers, speed-reading and scribbling his signature as required. "But she doesn't have a choice."
"Steve, watch out for the locals! If one of those guys sees the Hulk—"
Indeed, the express elevator's directional arrow was now pointing downwards.
It was only five minutes since the War Machine attacked, but night fell more swiftly here than in New York.
"You think I'd go flying around in
"Aye. I remembered its effect on you," Thor was swinging his hammer above his head with his right hand as he held Tony with his left. Now that swing accelerated, the arm rotating at a totally inhuman speed, and from the hammer came a wind that lashed outwards, untangling the clouds, with Thor and Tony in the stillness of the storm's eye. "Should we deal with our enemies?"
Tony's eyes narrowed as he focused on the strange tech. The vehicle – no, he was not going to think of it as a flying car, so there – was boat-shaped and open topped, with no lights showing except a faint glow from what was probably the dash. It had no skirts and there was no movement of air beneath it, so it wasn't a ground effect vehicle, and there was no glow of repulsors. That would bear investigation.
"This way, Prince Thor," Jarvis said. "Follow the light."
As he padded through the living area he discovered Tony, still fully dressed and curled up on the couch where he had been sitting the night before.
"We've been busy, Stark, or hadn't you noticed? Fury ordered an autopsy, but that was delayed by an influx of bodies, human and alien. We want to do him justice. Are you asking for an invitation?"
"I could just arrest you for treason," Fury snapped.
"Steve and Bruce saw it. Bruce examined it."
"Yeah, yeah." He looked around him, suddenly much more aware that he was completely naked and that his back still hurt when he moved. "Who the ... who the heck are you, anyway? Are you watching me? From where?"
. I suspect both. Nor do they have digestive organs. Instead, they can input energy, including broadcast energy."
"We intended to speak to you at tonight's gala," Ndungu added. "When we could not locate you, the delightful Ms Virginia Potts told us you would be here tonight, so we sought you here – and are grateful that you agreed to see us."
Unfortunately, Tony was remembering all the very good reasons why he shouldn't seduce Steve, right now or possibly ever. "No, you were right. I shouldn't be doing this."
"I've got to say I didn't think anything was going to happen," Bruce added, obviously teasing him.
"Jarvis," he said, "use the ultraband radar to build a map of the caves and passages in the mountain. And map any gamma radiation hotspots onto it."
"This may be connected with incoming news reports stating you were involved in a car crash and have not been contactable since then," Jarvis interrupted. "The speculation is that you have either been seriously injured or killed."
"We're five minutes out."
"They're called pangas, if they were made around here," Tony said, retrieving the weapons.
"Really?" Betty asked, in plain surprise. "I'm only halfway famous in my field."
"He'll be happy about that – and so am I. Next time, bring some more of the Avengers, Tony. I want to feed them. Thor looks as if he could even out-eat Captain Rogers here."
The revelation was horrifying. "He was the Iron Monger – the 'robot' you fought across LA. The one you were supposed to be defending Stark Industries from?"
"Sharp enough to cut anything – except my shield."
Steve's hands dropped to close on Tony's, partly to reassure him, partly to stop him finding out how arousing he found that thought. "I'm not a one night stand type," he said, wishing he could see the reflection of Tony's face in the window. "I know you used to be. And that trying to be again didn't seem to work for you."
"Jarvis can—"
"You'd fit right in," Tony said aloud. He rose to his feet. "T'Challa – Black Panther – there's a place for you on the Avengers team, even if your duties to Wakanda do not allow you to fight with us as often as we might prefer."
Tony treated him to a look of pure disgust. "Only because you couldn't persuade him to come in. Or did you even try?"
"Hulk, stop!" Iron Man's amplified voice bellowed.
"You still have the downloads?" Tony asked.
For one instant, just before the ship vanished, the woman, her hands glowing with light, made a slight gesture towards him, and it seemed the light flew from her hand.
"Sir," Jarvis interrupted. "I hate to intrude at this moment, but Ms Romanoff is now calling and she insists on speaking to you personally."
Behind him, the screens had been drawn back, revealing Natasha at the wheel.
"Oh, I think I do. Maybe even by people you do trust. But it didn't stop you accepting campaign donations from me and SI, did it?" Tony retorted.
to a company called Skjöldur Exploration? On the same day a Russian oil company found the Red Skull's Flying Wing? A few days before they found Cap?"
But Steve fell asleep while waiting for Tony to do the same.
Taking heart from that, Tony cat-footed it into the dressing room and extracted a couple of his own cotton shirts, several plain t-shirts, a new pair of jeans, cut-off shorts that Pepper had once misplaced and which he had kept hidden, and a kimono that he had brought her as a present some years ago,  which he had never actually seen her wear in public.
He pushed forwards, feeling resistance from the water – perhaps from a current – and from the thick mud laced with twigs beneath his feet. His back – and his ears – had started hurting again now they were out of the water, but he was used to ignoring pain.
Steve guessed that Howard was hoping that the sight might jog a memory, but apart from the growing feeling of dislocation, of a world just a little out of kilter, there was nothing.
"Yeah. Hi, Pepper. You wanted to talk to me?"
Tony dived towards the baobab, which would provide decent cover, jinking to the left as he heard the high-pitched whine of the gun firing.
It was heading straight for the faint glow of the shields that haloed the walls and arched above their heads.
"She betrayed me," Tony said shortly.
"You left it in the SUV! Do you know how much it cost? It could be stolen, held for ransom, melted down for scrap..."
The door slid open.
"You can answer a question: I know you can't tell me who's been block-booking my dining room while I was in New York, but did you or one of your minions call them to tell them I was exercising my right to evict them yesterday afternoon?"
It didn't take him long to discover how the super-soldier popsicle had left his little wet cell. Only a short distance beyond the lab he found a cluster of dead bodies and what looked like some kind of life support gurney, though it didn't have wheels. It also seemed to have collided with the wall, which might possibly have broken the dark-shaded half-cylinder top – though that shouldn't have caused that much damage – but would certainly not have torn the restraints apart.
Then she grabbed him – but no, it wasn't Pepper, it was someone – two someones – bigger and stronger than Pepper, possibly taller than Cap and almost as tall as Thor, who had grabbed his arms from behind and were holding him erect, holding him helpless.
Steve would probably want him to give even terrorists that chance.
Tony Stark grinned behind the Iron Man faceplate. Plainly, Rhodey had not expected him. Which was odd, as he was well known to have remained in New York after the Battle of Manhattan, and Rhodey must guess that Jarvis kept a GPS eye on the War Machine's location.
having to deal with Tony Stark..."
"Sounds like it might be more economical to buy the distillery," Tony said.
"Danvers?" Tony lifted an eyebrow at her.
Outside, snow had started to fall, the gyrating flakes forming a white curtain. Afterwards, the two men stood together looking out into to see the lights of the skyscrapers winking in and out behind the snowflakes, and the white lights of the tree behind them reflected in the glass as bright as stars.
Approaching New York, Tony called Jarvis back on line. "Where is everybody, Jarvis?"
Plainly, Steve had gotten that reference, or was pretending he did, for he said, "I'm also surprised no one's called me from the Tower. They must have all sorts of questions— Tony? You have told them I'm back, haven't you?"
Only one way to find out. "Well, you have my attention. What do you want from me?"
"I am a patriot," Tony said. "But the world changed with the Chitauri invasion, Madam President. It's your job to preserve and protect the United States – and lead the free world – but I – the Avengers – can't afford that bias any longer. Stark Energy is providing a way to avert climate change before the world drowns under ice melt and the human race chokes on too much methane and CO2 and rots from cancer. I'm not going to pull back because it might damage Roxxon Oil's profits or, to be frank, put coal miners out of business when, even in the States, I'll be creating as many jobs as people are losing. I'm changing the world, and it needs to be done fast. Even now it might be too late."
"My feelings exactly," Tony said, with a flicker of amusement. "But you don't choose for me, Pep – and, as for you, if you want to go base jumping off the Empire State then it's right there. Your choice, not mine."
Stark laughed. "You should have seen the original. It was in a Makluan temple."
Tony took a deep breath to ask her how he was supposed to know when he had no idea what the time was now, when Bruce said, "About half an hour."
interesting," Tony said.
It wasn't just the farms as big as a county run by half a dozen people, the deserted towns, the closed schools, the insularity of those who remained, but the feeling that the very heart of America was slowly dying.
Tony brought his cargo in along that road of light towards the house on the Malibu cliffs that had been his home for over ten years.
"Great!" Jan exclaimed. "Jarvis, get us a pilot. I mean, I can fly the thing at a pinch, but I'd rather leave it to a pro."
"Count on it," Tony said.
Which was, well, unlikely, if he thought about it.
"Tony?" Steve sounded not so much winded as alarmed.
"Of course, sir. I wouldn't take that away from her."
Thor had lost everything, yet he was giving away the greatest symbol of what he had been. A broken – no, shattered – god, he was fleeing into space to escape the guilt of what he had let happen to the Nine Realms. He had also been Steve's last reason to stay with the Avengers.
In the depths of the hangar, Tony finally opened the faceplate to allow a retinal scan. The door the lock guarded opened into brightening lights, revealing what looked like a lounge area, with a big TV screen, comfortable seating, and gaming and drinks machines. It was, however, empty of any life save for a large fish tank, its inhabitants incurious about the new arrivals.
Tony turned his gimlet stare towards the Black Widow. "Nat?"
The Black Widow nodded slowly, as if she was working her way to an understanding of the situation. "Congratulations," she said. "I'll be happy to eat your cake and drink your Champagne." She flicked a finger at Hawkeye and headed for the door.
"Don't you know?" Tony found that difficult to believe. "SHIELD certainly does – well, Fury does. Phil Coulson did. So did the WSC."
On the horizon, the sky was bright with lightning.
"They can try," Tony said, and Clint's image was stilled and silenced. "But with any luck they'll be too late."
"Pity. It'll have to be information, then. You ever encounter a Lt Storm? John Storm."
"I've gotten a secret message from Natasha. It's what I came to tell you. Let's get changed and we'll view it down in the shop."
"Don't ask me," Tony said. "All I know is, I had bruising encounter with their Queen." He waved a hand vaguely across his face and torso, which Steve suddenly noticed was covered by a tee that announced 'Snark Program Engaged'. He hadn't known he owned such a thing but it wasn't the first T-shirt to mysteriously appear amid his clothing, and Tony had a nerve to complain about how tightly they fitted.
"As the Eye returned to me, a magical event rocked this universe and split it into two timestreams. That was twice in one day. This one was so strong that every adept in related time-paths would have felt it. I admit I was shaken enough to have to recover my wits before using the Eye to discover what happened.
"No, I can... what is the term?... warm wrench it? If I have to."
"Vanish?" Tony raised an eyebrow. "Aren't they a bit big to be looted? I know half the locals have grabbed guns or those air-sleds as souvenirs and I suspect there are dead Chitauri bodies in quite a few freezers. If you need to track any of those down I'd look on e-Bay. Mind you, I wouldn't put anything past—"
"I thought that blue flash was frighteningly familiar," Steve said.
Long after he'd given up on being tall, dark and handsome and settled for being short and cute, he'd gotten the late growth spurt that everyone had predicted, so that even his one-size-fits-most armour found it difficult to accommodate his changing height. That seemed to have levelled off at last, just as his voice had settled to a pleasant light baritone. He was even trying to celebrate the fact that he now had to shave at least every two days by avoiding it and attempting to grow a beard.
T'Challa was still hesitating, then he said, in a rush, "What do you think of Okoye?"
Then the doors opened in front of them, and the moment was gone.
Steve opened his eyes in time to see Thor looking with narrowed eyes at an extraordinarily beautiful woman with rich dark gold hair caught in an elaborate style and threaded with pearls. Though her creamy skin was unlined, there was experience, wisdom and maturity in her expression. She seemed familiar, though Steve could not remember where he had seen her before – and surely he could never have forgotten her...
The voice did not exactly add, "Rescue me, sir," but the plea was there in the rising pitch and volume.
"Is Steve all right?" Natasha demanded. Then, when Tony did not reply immediately, "Are you? Tony?"
"At first I presumed they had instituted new code, sir. When it became clear that the network had vanished entirely, I did inform Captain Rogers."
A search produced a wrapped safety razor and a tube that labelled itself as 'shaving foam', so he shaved his chin, but left the stubble on his scalp alone. He didn't see any reason to be unnaturally bald.
"Where the hell are you?"
"Br— We thought Tony would calm down and eventually understand."
"If that is the War Machine armour then you can't damage it with a handgun – even a Stark handgun," he pointed out.
And, right now, Tony was cuddled against his chest, arm around his waist, face pressed into the curve between Steve's neck and shoulders, beard prickling his skin.
Half an hour later he was standing, whisky glass in hand, once again looking out through a ceiling high curve of window at a familiar view, but clear of skyscrapers and road and river traffic. Here there was just open ocean and rolling breakers below, the occasional smudge of an island no longer visible against the red sky, only a few navigation lights betraying the ships that would pass as night fell.
"Vandenberg is Space Wing. Just where you'd expect them to send someone with Storm's training. Travis is mainly transport."
remember, Mr Stark." There was a sharpness in her voice he had not expected and it made him grin.
"Yeah, in a mixture of bowlines and granny knots."
"Stark!" That was Natasha's voice. "Leave them to us and get away from there."
"Yeah, well, loss and shock, y'know, can be exploited. Give a man in that position something familiar an' he'll hang onto it for dear life." There was something in his voice that suggested he might be speaking from personal experience. "So Fury let him think he was still in the Army, with back pay, held out links to the past, gave him an apartment in Brooklyn, a bit of fatherly advice, a lot of rope..."
"Aliens? You expect us to buy that, lady?"
"Sorry, sweetheart." Steve did not sound in the least sorry. "But really, do you want Jan to come in here looking for you right now?"
But there was a highball glass and a StarkPhone on the table next to the spa, and Tony's robe was hanging from a rail next to the shower.
Which meant that he had seen them.
"It does seem determined to swallow us," Steve said, wishing that he was as calm as he sounded.
"This is getting dangerous," Steve corrected. "What did you give as our address? The tower?"
For that he would need Tony's help, couldn't imagine solving the problem without that brilliant mind working on it. Only telling him what he believed would be stabbing him to the heart.
"Yes, sir." Even as Jarvis acknowledged Tony's order a bright speck of repulsor energy flew from the weapons battery in Iron Man's shoulder. It hit the rock and exploded.
"Okay, Thirteen, in you go. Deploy gas masks and oxygen," Fury ordered.
"So do we all," Velasco said grimly.
"SHIELD doesn't have the brains or the firepower. Fury created the Avengers because he
"We didn't tell them who was leasing the dining room," Miranda protested.
"Julia trusts him, if that means anything to you," the President said, in more confirmation than Tony had expected. "As do I. He's ex-Army and ex-Secret Service and I've known him... well, a long time."
In the rear seat, his ridiculous helmet disguised by the darkened windows, Hank Pym was attempting to interrogate the local ant population. Jan sat beside Steve, alternately navigating – because they didn't dare use a SatNav that might lead someone back to the hidden valley and the labs – and surfing the local radio stations for clues to the Hulk's whereabouts.
"Goodbye, and thanks." Tony hung up, and then addressed the air. "Jarvis? Sandro?"
Carefully, Steve put his shield down and reached out to take the bottle while Tony was concentrating on holding the glass steady on its way to his lips, ignoring the annoyed whirr from the robot arm, and looked up into his teammate's eyes. "Tell me who left you, Tony."
"You're a sonofabitch, Stark. And you know damn well I warned you about that nuke in the first place."
They hadn't even asked if Tony had taken DNA samples.
Suddenly afraid for Steve, Tony abandoned the idea of any search for the missing stone and ran.
"The Allspeak is what allows Asgardians and non-Asgardians to speak to each other as if both were talking the same language. Unfortunately, when either uses a word or a concept the other language does not have, the translation can become problematic."
But then his father said he was far too cynical for someone not even old enough to buy a drink. Not that that would stop him pouring himself a whisky when he returned home.
"Pepper asked me to put them on hold to give her a better position in Washington."
Tony needed to make it clear, and quickly, which side he was on. For a few moments he hesitated, unwilling, even now, to move against SHIELD. But there were both American and Wakandan lives to be saved and SHIELD had no place here.
The top of the tower was a flat platform, surrounded by antennae. On that platform, a group of men, all looking excessively silly in what appeared to be yellow pyjamas, were clustered around some odd-looking machines.
"Sir—"
and your father—"
Tony tensed, and T'Challa squeezed his arm in what might have been reassurance or warning, as he strode forward in total assurance that the guards would stand aside.
"What do you want me to say, Stark? Sorry? Okay, I'm sorry! I'm sorry I was wrong about Bucky, though I'm damn well not sorry that he's still alive. I'm sorry I messed up your plans to cripple the Avengers—"
"Thank you." Tony said happily. He glared at Hennis. "There, you have your answer. Now get the hell out of my building."
"Get to the point, Stark."
He really had no choice. "You have it," Steve said, even as he draw back his own shield and took aim, hoping he could down the aircraft if it kept heading for the house.
"Twitter," Danvers told him, with a straight face. "Hashtag 'herospot'."
It turned out he had a motive for that. "Steve, may I borrow your shower?" he asked. "Pepper is going to yell at me, and I'd prefer to be able to just fall into bed and ignore her. I'd also be grateful for the loan of a clean tee and a pair of sweat-pants or pyjama bottoms."
He tore the mask from his face, freed his left arm, reached for the catch on the band and wrenched it apart, then drove his fists and feet up into the shadow surrounding him. It cracked and shattered, and there was blinding light. He didn't let it slow him down, bounced to his feet and somersaulted sideways, pain tearing into muscle as something else pulled free. He landed in a crouch on a metal floor, cold beneath his bare feet.
"Where's Steve? He didn't... tell me he didn't go upstairs..."
"Depressurising," Danvers informed them. "I'll free the locks on the main hatch when you give the word."
The 'resident biochemical genius' was Dr Henry Pym – Hank, apparently, to everyone – a surprisingly powerful man in his thirties; blond, handsome and intense. Jan's attention was focused on him immediately and exclusively. Bruce treated him with the utmost respect and Tony refrained from both poking and insulting him. The three male scientists went into an immediate huddle around the sphere.
Steve was seated on a stool in the middle of the display, the hologram lights playing over his skin and hair, making him look a little exotic, a little otherworldly. Tony paused, allowing himself a not-exactly-innocent moment of appreciation, then moved forward into the circle.
(See the end of the chapter for
"They are uninjured," the computer told him.
"Hey, you!" The stocky, powerful man whose shoulder bars that seemed to make him the group's leader, called out, striding towards Okoye, who backed away, gasping something in Wakandan. The man grabbed her by the arm. "How did you get here?" he asked roughly, in a voice that held more than a trace of some Eastern European accent.
Hawkeye and the Black Widow arrived just as Tony had composed himself into the epitome of casual, Clint bouncing ahead of Natasha. He had affected long hair and a pointed beard and managed, despite his obvious intention, not to look in the least like the comic book hero Green Arrow.
"Electro-magnet. Keeps... shrapnel in... his chest... from reaching his heart. If you want to kill him... us... at least... do it cleanly." Steve was pretty sure they didn't actually want them dead – at least not yet. Otherwise they would probably never have reached Wakanda alive.
Even if there still was an Avengers team, Steve wasn't sure that was a good enough reason. He worked well with Iron Man, and they had agreed to forget words spoken in anger under Loki's influence, but faced with Stark's blazing intelligence and arrogance, he tended, he knew, to give in to his combat instincts and strike back – or even strike first.
"Let's go Paul Bunyan some forest."
She was followed by Carol Danvers, in a neat black pants suit, and Steve—
"Captain Rogers is listening to this conversation," Jan warned him with a touch of amusement. "He's with Colonel Danvers, from AFOSI. The guys who abducted you are under arrest, or will be when they wake up."
Tony sat up abruptly, stomach churning with a fear he couldn't have explained. "What's he doing there?"
"And you took down that gamma-ray emitting monster up in Seattle," Steve said.
concerning those vessels requires my personal approval."
(See the end of the chapter for
Several drinks at the bar made things a good deal clearer.
A couple of readings flickered up on the HUD – date and time and global position.
"Jarvis can't panic," Tony told him. "And how long was I asleep, that you hadn't come to bed?"
"What? You weren't insured?" Tony feigned astonishment.
—the Hulk was gone.
At least she was talking to him.
"You would be," Steve said, with a grin, and rolled on top of him, pinning him with hands and mouth and the weight – though not the full weight -- of his body. "Let me," he whispered. "Let me do this for you."
"Not mine," Bruce said firmly.
"It would be better if we still had Hulk, Cap and Thor," Natasha said bluntly. "And with no offense to Van Dyne and Pym here."
"Let's do it."
- you want or need that I can give you is yours – except the armour, not that you need it but— Anyway, there's an apartment prepared for you, a whole floor in Stark Tower—"
"Well," she said, and stepped backwards.
It didn't work. "I'd hoped she might be," Steve said, blushing painfully. "After the war, y'know. But that was seventy years ago." His voice, which had started out tentative, was becoming more resolute by the word. "I know I can't go back, that she probably doesn't want to be reminded, even if she remembers me." For the first time, his eyes met Tony's, and he seemed to find some reassurance there. "But I was tempted just to hear her voice."
"You left your cell switched off so he was tracking you via your bank account and credit cards – and you hadn't used either for nearly a month."
"What's he saying?" Steve asked.
"But I needed to see you privately for another reason," she went on hurriedly. "You know Pepper Potts asked me to accompany her to Washington..."
"I'm already in the suit and on my way. Less an hour."
"You're saying I have to trust you."
Jan put her head on one side and regarded him quizzically. "You really aren't good at understanding people, are you? Pepper built her life around you and Stark Industries – but mainly you. I'm a threat. I've known you far longer than she has and she doesn't really believe I see you as a big brother rather than a potential lover. She also thinks I lead you astray, rather than the other way about. I'm a few years younger than she is but had created my own business and made a fortune I didn't need while she was still your assistant. And I'm a woman. She doesn't see men as the same sort of threat."
"Why should you think we need umpires?" Carter asked.
"And I'm strictly backroom," Hank protested. "Which reminds me, Tony: we finally figured out the link between the Chitauri troopers and their 'leviathans'. We've also worked out the atomic structure of that gas you acquired – the one that reacts so explosively with Chitauri tech and flesh. I'll leave the synthesis to you, but it shouldn't be that difficult."
"So you want to hack them back." There was a reckless gleam in Steve's eyes that brought an answering grin to Tony's lips. "I agree about White Wolf. N'kendi's a possible weak link, if we can grab him. And he speaks good English. Follow me." He drifted into the shadow thrown by the walkway, just as a trio of men padded onto it – White Wolf and two warriors. White Wolf still had the gun that had immobilised them earlier, but the warriors were carrying spears, with the ubiquitous machete-like wide-bladed weapons thrust into metal studded belts.
"Sit down, gentlemen," Xavier said, in his soft voice. "Steve, Tony briefed me on your problems. As he will have told you, I am a telepath – a 'mind reader' in the lay term of your era. In this instance, in order to help you I must probe far below your surface thoughts. I need to be sure that you consent to this. If you want back out now, I will not pressure you or take offense."
"You don't scream like that for a tumble. I could hear you in the house. Nor does every computer in the place scream with you. Not your heart?"
"You mean trust your robots not to lose it? No, Tony. And the armour will draw attention to this place."
"Just observation," Tony retorted. "And since yesterday evening you people haven't been on my list of priorities. Someone sent the War Machine armour to kill us."
"Whaddaya take me for?" For a moment Rhodey sounded angry but then his voice softened. "I just wanted to know you were okay."
The StarkIndustries hanger and private terminal at JFK airport had been there since Tony's grandfather had moved it from LaGuardia in the late 30s and Tony suspected it had never been updated; in fact, he was sure some of the mechanics had been there since then, in that they still referred to 'Idlewild'.
"That is a long time for flash blindness, though it almost never causes permanent damage."
It was by no means the first time they had travelled in this way, but this was the first time Steve had had time to savour it. He loved flying with Tony, not just because of the exhilaration of speed and danger, but because of being close to him, reliant on his amazing technology. He had always found it faintly erotic, so what had happened tonight perhaps shouldn't have surprised him.
Over the next couple of months Steve was treated to the spectacle of a Tony Stark he had not known existed, a whirlwind of a businessman and engineer, who orchestrated counter-attacks on government, the military, the judiciary and Wall Street with surprising skill and obvious glee.
It was the first time they had ever touched, skin to skin.
"Thank you," Steve said dryly. "You too, Betty. Before the police arrest you both for being in breach of California's carry laws."
Tony's priority task was to discover if they were actually fighting the Presidential incumbent, the opposition nominee or whether both were innocent victims – and there was one place where he might learn just that.
Steve heaved a mental sigh of relief. It was much easier to cope with conversations about Thor and Asgard than about himself or Tony; in particular about himself and Tony.
Xavier deserved to know the truth. "I don't think I am Captain America," Steve said, and felt Tony's hand tighten on his shoulder so hard it ought to hurt – but didn't.
"Fuck it, no!" He took a deep breath. "But you did know that the previous will left the whole of the company and its voting shares to you, and that left you – and the Avengers – vulnerable. Did you tell Fury that?"
"My position as the Black Panther requires it."
The impact, he realised, was not going to be something the serum could heal.
Heimdall turned back to Thor. "You are resolved on this?"
"I have to go. Those things could destroy the tower," Steve said, trying to conceal that he was still holding on to the headboard. He had a feeling there was something wrong with his logic, but couldn't work out what.
"No, sir. Though I was aware of their presence."
"Unable to comply, sir. The tech is unknown. Possibly alien."
Iron Man was first on the scene of the crash, but the air above the seething water was crowded with a mixture of SHIELD vehicles, all looking a little unsteady because they were overloaded with people. SHIELD command must have had some warning then, to be able to evacuate that many of its personnel.
Steve hid his face in the curve of Tony's neck. "What we did... making love, didn't feel angry."
"Supposedly to see Dad, but letting him realise I was trying to find information about Bruce, while actually—"
"Fuck it, the boss is going to blow his stack. He has customers for this guy."
"Sir," Jarvis said urgently. "That was a distress flare from a Very gun."
"I've had Pepper crying at me, then telling me to break out and get over there, then yelling at me—"
"Me either," Rhodey agreed, unexpectedly. "But isn't it better to undermine the bad from within rather than fight it head on from outside?
Tony didn't pretend not to know what he meant. "I know where they are. Approximately. Always assuming that Thor is still in Asgard."
"Yeah. Steve – you know, the man who knew your father and how his mind worked. He was sure Howard would have put in a disguised aerial somewhere, so he and Hank went out and asked some ants."
There was a repressed chortle of laughter and a murmur of admiration from Tony.
"Hang on," the Panther ordered, as the flier came to a halt, hovering in midair. A breath later and it was dropping like a stone.
"I'll hurt you." Steve's voice was shaking slightly, whether from passion or anger or both Tony couldn't tell.
Almost before he had time to decide on a plan, Steve was swinging over the balcony rails. He dropped the thirty feet to the terrace above the drive that curved up the mound, rolling on impact and coming to his feet already into the first stride of a dead run, jumping the terrace balustrade and pounding up the drive towards – he hoped – an entrance to the house or armoury.
"No one will if the damn things are going to blow sky high. However, he—" the other Colonel, who Tony had greeted as Velasco, jerked his thumb at Fury "—knows something. He just ain't telling."
Steve shook his head. "We've heard nothing from them since they alerted us about the legal threats from the government and we know better than to try to look for them in DC. That was our first contact since the Avengers split. Well, Tony thinks they were probably at Coulson's funeral. On the other hand, Pepper Potts is equally sure they weren't, and it would have been a risk."
Apparently satisfied, Tony replaced the artefact in the bag and the bag in the closet. "Let's go eat," he suggested, with a grin. "Or at least, cook. I'll be interested what you think you're going to do with all those veggies."
The shower was perfect and cleared his mind as well as cleaned his body. And the first thing that occurred to him with his newly awakened memory and reason was that the last time he had woken, Jarvis had called Stark immediately.
Steve swallowed against the sudden rush of emotion. "You left a lot out when you told me what you were without the suit," he said, as lightly as he could.
"No implication – you do."
Though Tony was now pretty sure she was in the clear, it was time to cast some more bait. "If you're not supporting the Pentagon over Cap, they may have turned elsewhere for help."
"Sitting up in bed with his helmet on, cursing the fact Jan and I won't allow him to go charging off into the night contacting more ants. To be honest, I doubt most of the colonies would notice the shrunken Hulk unless he started ripping up their nests, but Hank thinks the Hulk must have left the valley, though how he'd do that, considering his current size..."
"Panic is not in his protocols. Pepper might, though, if he tells her he's lost all contact with me. He shouldn't do that for another forty-eight hours. They're not the problem. The problem is that if I can't get him to send the armour I've got no chance of finding the Tiny Hulk, or, if he's no longer tiny, no chance of stopping him."
"I didn't mean to go to sleep," Steve admitted, as Tony draped the clothing he was carrying over a chair and came back to sit on the edge of the bed. "To be honest, I didn't think I could. Once I'd calmed down I kept remembering how scared I was when I thought you were going to be executed, back in Wakanda, and when I found you in the spa – and how, down in the workshop, you were shaking."
"Sure." That had, Tony suspected, more to do with the disappearance of all the data on the members of the Avengers from SHIELD's files than the Director's benevolence. Tony only wished he'd been there when the technicians told him what had happened. Jarvis had reported the systems shut down and rebooted. However, that only made it easier to wipe selected data from the backups themselves, and SHIELD's private cloud space.
And reflected from the back of the head – the cockpit – made of pale grey glass.
"No one in their right mind objects to Steve," Tony said, with a theatrical leer at the man in question. "And, yes, you're right about our location. Warn Hank, Jan. He can be kinda blind when it comes to his friends. And he's not as nosy as you."
It was also guarded, and not by Wakandans. Four men in green camouflage battledress and carrying obvious energy weapons were gathered close to the portal; two of them were talking to each other, but the other two were covering lines of sight.
"Hey! I'm tall enough—"
"Maybe twenty minutes."
"Then step forward. I will send you where you need to go."
"You have a pro," Danvers said. "You have a licence, Van Dyne, you can ride co-pilot."
Tony shook his head in an effort to clear it of the contradictions and winced again, flopping face down on the mattress and wondering how much it would hurt to get out of bed or whether, if he could catch enough breath to yell, someone – not that traitor Steve, definitely not – would fetch him some coffee, or, better yet, whisky...
It was not Tony but their driver who responded. "Well observed. Open the side locker and you will find bows and arrows, if you can use them."
"Sir, my maps and the satellite cameras show nothing but sea and mangrove swamps at those co-ordinates."
"I was not as sanguine about the goodwill of these Wakandans as you were, sir," Jarvis's voice answered. "It seemed to me that you might need backup, from fellow Avengers. The only one of those in immediate contact was Doctor Banner. Therefore I played him your conversation with the ambassadors and also informed him of Ms Romanoff's warning about Wakanda."
But the Wakandans watched in total silence as one of the hounds Tony had seen earlier lolloped across the compound, gave the waiting man a cursory sniff, and sat between him and the vehicle.
"Someone was either very careless or thought you were very stupid," Tony observed.
Steve was plainly expected in Pepper's office suite, because a secretary waved him through to the PA's office and the PA, presumably alerted by the secretary, was already on his feet to usher him into the inner sanctum.
Though every breath hurt, that pain wasn't centred on the arc reactor, not even when he put a hand to it and pressed against it.
There was no sign of Captain America's body.
The silence in the car had lasted from Xavier's school, across the Whitestone Bridge and through the heavy traffic on highway 495. Tony had been unable to think of a way to break it. It was not until they had left the highway and were nearing home that the problem solved itself, by the ringtone that signified his father. He told the cell to, "Put him on." He waited a couple of beats then said, "Hi, Dad. We'll be back at the house in five minutes."
The first thing he noticed was that the shower was still running but he couldn't see Steve through the glass wall of the cubicle. Skidding to a halt, he peered round it.
"I'm pretty sure the Peggy I knew wouldn't have risked her career by sleeping with anyone, particularly without protection, but what I am certain of is that she didn't sleep with me."
"I tried not to. Sometimes... Can I tell Director Fury that I've spoken with you? He knows you went to Africa with Tony, but you didn't come back with him, and he tells me that, while he met with Tony there, he saw no sign of you."
"You left when I did," Tony went on, "and you haven't changed. So you must have been either coming back or on your way to shower when Jarvis called you to the... altercation... at the gate. That can only be seconds before he called me. Steve, you were out there for nearly four hours."
"That wasn't really Bucky! It was Hydra. He told me, he doesn't do that any—"
There was no movement, no light from the portal, no sign of any of the installations, though, as there was no daylight, the doors were must be intact.
What was becoming clear was that Ross had had nothing to do with the attempts on his own life. He was only interested in Steve and Bruce – or rather, Captain America and the Hulk. He had had no access to War Machine and, indeed, seemed to have had no contact with the Air Force on any level. Looked like his masters were intent on not invoking inter-service rivalry. Or perhaps Ross was outside the chain of command, and was only a customer of their mysterious enemies.
Steve's eyebrows shot up, but he said nothing.
"And you, Tony. My goodness, you've grown," she added, offering him her cheek to kiss. She grinned mischievously up at him and flicked a glance sideways at the man with the sunglasses to see how he was taking it. Which was not well.
Pepper wouldn't be there, even if she hadn't already left; she wasn't really comfortable in his workshop, and found Dum-E and U disconcerting companions. Steve, on the other hand had accepted the bots as something only to be expected in the twenty-first century.
Keeping low behind the car, Tony secured the chest and back plates, slid his hands into the gauntlets, and stepped into the boots. Next was the helmet...
Steve took a deep breath, seeing his way clear as Tony was hustled forward towards the bench – altar? He glanced sideways, to the shadow that was Okoye, his expression holding a desperate plea. He saw her eyes blink, once.
"Is it SHIELD again?" Tony demanded, hands clenching. Coulson's arrival in the Tower had seen his systems by-passed once too often, and now the Tower was as secure as he and Jarvis could make it. Which meant, he hoped, that it was one of the most secure places on the face of the Earth.
Three hours later, he said, "Jarvis, have the manufacturing bots run up a prototype based on these designs." He stood up, flung his head back, and stretched his spine. "Have you located Erik Selvig?"
At least he knew where all his motley crew, Avengers and not-Avengers and some, like Hank, he wasn't sure about, were or what they were up to. Colonel Danvers had asked permission to phone the Secretary of the Air Force and had left the tower, in company with Natasha, to buy a cheap pay as you go cell, which she would discard after she had briefed him. Meanwhile, Clint had taken Lieutenant Storm under his wing (though it was a combination that made Tony distinctly uneasy.) They were in the shooting gallery, and Storm was showing himself more than capable with a gun and grimly determined to learn with a bow and arrow.
"You did make me in your image, sir."
"You don't really believe that nonsense, do you?"
Hank snorted with laughter.
Forty, maybe fifty strokes this time to take him past his starting point and as far again away from it. Each one stretched his burnt skin painfully. He didn't think he was bleeding, though and, anyways, it was not as if there were any sharks in the lake. At least when he'd crashed in the Arctic Ocean he'd had the Red Skull's plane to keep the sharks, or maybe polar bears, at bay.
Was this how Bucky had felt when—?
There was a blinding flash of light and the aircraft began spinning, its undercarriage skids scraping over the top of the wall, sparks cascading down and scorching the already parched grass.
At least this time there was no ice.
Something rose in the shadows and padded into the light. For an instant, Tony thought it was another dog, even larger than the others, but the firelight gleamed red on white, not black.
"Killing me. They were too inefficient to do it themselves."
"We have enough time." That was placating.
He's calling Pepper a liar, Tony thought. I should be angry. Why am I not angry? Oh, the drug... But this is interesting. They haven't dosed her then. They're underestimating Pep. That is so dangerous.
"Your arrival complicates things," Jan said sharply. "And you didn't crash our party on the off chance that Tony knew something about James Rhodes."
Natasha looked hard at him, her hand on the still-open door. "And you're—?"
to go with that line? Really?" He fought to keep his voice level. "I ought to have brought Steve, just so
"Is he still alive?" North asked.
"What, none of the Howling Commandos were willing to help you out? What about that friend of yours – Barnes?"
Tony glanced up at him. Steve was battered, the back of his off-the-peg but still expensive designer jacket torn into ragged strips, which hung from his shoulders like a poor imitation of an Asgardian cloak. Tony didn't like to contemplate the state of his back.
It was almost a whisper.
Good. He'd managed to distract her. "Like nothing on Earth. It isn't even a world in the way we know it: a mixture of wildly advanced technology and Dark Ages society and things that look very much like magic, at least to me."
Bruce attempted to look fierce. "I'm not sure I'm ever going to forgive you for that, Stark."
"Not you," Steve said from behind him in that Captain America voice that brooked no argument.
"She confirmed what you'd said. Did she tell you she'd gotten in deeper than she'd intended with SHIELD while trying to protect you?"
"Obviously not, as I'm talking to you," Tony replied. "We're on our way from Seattle to meet you—
Steve glared at Jan. "You planned this."
He was relieved when Rescue did not try to follow him.
A lot later, he hoped.
"Yes. Yes, oh, god, Steve, yes..."
It couldn't be this easy, could it?
Now the barrage of questions had finally died away, the Ancient One turned her compelling eyes on Tony. "There is one detail you haven't covered. Your friend was carrying the Stones. Where are they now?"
"That's a decision for T'Challa," Tony said.
The top floor of the hotel – the twin penthouse suites – loomed up out of the mist.
Pepper leaned forward and kissed his cheek. "I'll take care of the car if you take care of yourself. Deal?"
"Of course we did. And found nothing. Nor, from the expressions on their faces, were they expecting it." She was frowning. "And if it was treachery, that implies conspiracy, and I do not believe that is feasible. No one could have planned for this."
"Shut up, Jarvis," he growled, rolling onto this back, then clamping his eyes shut against the light and his mouth against incipient sickness. It must have been one hell of a party... "Unless Loki's at the door, it can wait."
"Yes, Tony, I know, but there are people who are convinced the cure may be worse than the disease. We're only just coming out of one world recession—"
Possibly.
Steve was moving after them before he had really thought about it, and he could hear the whir of the Wasp's wings close to his ear. Behind them, he heard Danvers say, "Guess you fly co-pilot after all, Lieutenant."
"Sir, it is good to hear your voice," Jarvis replied. "I deployed the Mark IX the instant the aircraft on which you and Captain Rogers were travelling signed out from Kenyan ATC without giving a destination or being acknowledged. The armour has been unable to locate you."
The universe hated him. Worse, Steve was indifferent to him. He thought he could have lived with the former if the latter wasn't true.
Gasping in a deeper breath, Steve forced his vocal cords to work. "Don't... You'll kill him..."
"Jarvis, keep it down," he ordered, his voice a forceful whisper, afraid of waking Tony, afraid of facing him. "What's this about?"
"Fury first. Or Hill if you can't reach him."
Now Dr Ross was really looking worried. "Bruce sent me a message saying he was going into danger, and not to worry because, you know, the Hulk is pretty much indestructible."
Examining three more bodies – one of which, God help him, was female – he obtained more candy bars, more ammunition and cash, and a pair of boots that were too narrow and too long, but were at least temporarily wearable.
"No. But her name itself was memorable, as was she. Susan Storm. She was doing a Masters when I was in my freshman year."
Indeed, the Wakandans looked nervous, and after a moment's dithering, one of them stepped forward, levelling his spear at T'Challa's throat. Tony did not understand the question he asked, but he could hear the challenge in it.
And the air was full of
"Possibly. They rent a number of apartments in this building."
"So what was it? Tired of my company? Or was it your quarters - you'd call them quarters, right? That's just temporary. I wasn't expecting you back so soon—"
"You took your time," Iron Man said, when Steve, fully suited with the cowl up and shield on his right arm, ran across to where Tony was standing with Hill. The SHIELD agents from the helicopters were just arriving within shouting distance. "I've got clearance to land at McGuire. Let's go."
She nodded.
The butt ends of the spear shafts hit the ground in unison with a hollow noise that shook the natural arena and possibly the buildings.
Which was where Hank Pym lay, unmoving, unconscious or dead, the shrunken Chitauri transport tumbled beside him amid the splinters of the shattered lab bench and sparking electricity.
"Drone or missile?" Danvers asked, as she poured on the power, sending the plane straight upwards into the clouds.
"Then your agents aren't being held prisoner? And your helicarrier can't be shot down if it enters Wakandan airspace? Except that they are and it will."
"Well, that answers that. How the fuck did you let a Doombot get ahold of that ring, Gene?" Tony demanded.
"Where's the Panther?" he asked, as Steve, apparently unsurprised, turned to look at him. "Did you talk him round?"
"You bet."
"When do we start?" a slim African-American woman asked. Or was she African-American? That accent didn't originate in the US, but Steve couldn't place it.
T'challa was grinning, wide and happy. Maybe he could read Tony's thoughts. "You will keep me informed of your progress tracing the kidnappers."
"After?" Steve guessed.
But he was a scientist and an engineer, even if not formally qualified in either.
"He was... unwilling to risk the lives of any of his people."
The vehicle shot upwards and backwards. Something exploded to the left, sending the craft spinning out of control towards the outer 'thorn' barricade.
Jean, also freed from the spell, rose vertically into the air, her hair lifting around her in a cloud of fire as she flung out a hand and invisible force tore the metal mask from the Doombot's face, revealing another, more human mask beneath, then peeled that away so that a humming mixture of wires and pulsing flesh was exposed.
"Good. I need the armour, and a transporter with refrigeration coils – oh, and a Mark 4 first aid kit."
He shifted onto his knees – or rather, tried to. He yelped, and collapsed on top of Steve, but that hurt even more.
"You have to go to Washington," Tony reminded her. "If, that is, you're representing Stark Industries, not StarkEnergy, or me. Time enough when you get back to move your stuff out. I'll sleep somewhere else." The workshop, probably, though he could use any one of the other suites...
Steve's eyes were screwed shut. "Don't tempt me like that! Help me bring him back."
Steve hadn't been expecting that. "Haven't you asked Tony?" he questioned cautiously.
"And she may pass those suspicions to SHIELD," said Clint.
The spa – and the pool – was empty.
These people plainly knew more about the Infinity Stones than he did, which was presumably why this Tony and Natasha had brought him – and probably them – here. This made sense of their talk of 'magicians' so this was almost certainly Strange's Sanctum which, he now recalled, was in Greenwich Village. Strange wouldn't be here yet, but his predecessor, the Ancient One, would.
"Please lie still, Captain," a polite, educated, English voice said. "I have informed Mr Stark that you are awake."
"Blast you, Fury, this is no time for your political games," another voice interrupted. "Velasco here, Stark. If there's a chance either of you can locate survivors, go for it."
There was a (very) short attempt to use the prisoners as hostages, but Iron Man blasted into the cells, and guarded the prisoners as they made their escape.
"Precisely," Steve said.
But his mind was filled with voices and visions and memories that surfaced every time he was about to slip into sleep, a mixture of the traumatic events of the last few days, of his captivity in Afghanistan, of the Chitauri invasion and...
Darkness.
"I left you a message with Jarvis—"
"Jarvis?"
"So I am. Let them sweat a little. I'll talk to them when I'm good and ready," Tony told her, as they began their long ascent to the Board Room. "Meanwhile, how do you want to handle the disclosure that you'll be giving all your time to Stark Industries in future? Will you announce it, or shall I?"
"Numbers that indicate postal location," Bruce explained.
"Well at least he's never minded her bossing him around," Tony said, but he was relieved all the same. Happy was a steadying influence in Pepper's life, far more so than he could ever be, and Happy deserved some good luck.
It was, after all, the start of a new year.
"I owe my freedom to all three of you, so thank you," Clea said. "I did not believe an artificial creature could have such magical power. An embarrassing mistake and one I will not make again."
Once the building and those Hatut Zeraze who remained alive were secure, Okoye returned to the Golden City, hoping for better news of T'Challa. A number of the prisoners accompanied her, but her team – plus those prisoners who were not only fit to fight but determined to do so – were assigned to Tony, whether as allies, bodyguards or to keep him on a short leash he wasn't sure. Using captured vehicles, they spread out to look for more of the enemy, while Iron Man took to the air, Jarvis hunting heat-signatures through the jungle.
Before Afghanistan, she'd been his right hand, smoothing his path as he veered between the playboy and the engineer, forcing him into being the businessman on appropriate occasions. Then, when his world had blown apart, she had become essential to his continued existence. And she was funny and kind and beautiful and intelligent and brave and loyal and in love with him, so she deserved to have everything he could give her, including returning her love.
"Jarvis," Tony said, after a moment. "Was Pepper always this cynical? Or was I simply blinded by lust?"
And yet.
There was something amiss with that response. Tony ran it back to himself in his head. "Jarvis," he said sharply. "'Presumably?'"
"Thank god one of us did. Now you've been the responsible adult, why not get on with it?"
With those words, memory came flooding back: riding through White Plains on his way to Yonkers, the police sirens, the screaming, parking the bike at the edge of chaos, snatching up his shield and running to help, the flying blades slicing heads and limbs, nothing – flesh and bone and granite and concrete and steel – slowing them down, one youth cut in half in front of his eyes. He'd used his shield to fend them away, the vibranium steel alloy proving effective in a way nothing else had done, to help those few survivors out of the building. Going back inside had been a mistake, and he'd thought he might not get out again. Just in time, Iron Man had arrived and the team forged in repelling attacks by renegades, aliens and gods was immediately in place.
"Yeah, right. That was before, this is now. Lockdown this lab. I don't want anyone in here until I've finished. That includes Steve and Bruce and Pepper and everyone else I might have been foolish enough to give overrides to."
Steve found himself grinning. "Sounds good."
The group guarding the portal could not have missed her if they had been asleep on duty. Which they were not. Every gun fell into firing position.
There is a Stark City.  It is in Missouri and has a population that would hardly qualify it as a village!
This wasn't the way Steve had fantasised about Tony undressing him; this was quick and efficient and almost ... but not quite ... indifferent.
"Forgive me. It's just I haven't seen any evidence of the playboy. Of course, now I've met Ms Potts I kinda understand you laying off that one."
"Tony! Tony, wake up."
"You okay with this?" Tony whispered.
Velasco was shaking his head. "Can't have happened. Security was tight as a drum around that thing, and those working on it died in the explosion."
"Maybe thirty feet, prow to stern. A single square sail. It had a tent thing instead of a cabin, and there were no oars. Or oarsmen."
"Why haven't the Air Force picked it up?"" Steve asked.
Tony sniffed at his armpit. "And you're right. Is there also a john?"
Steve was already striding towards it, and Tony followed in his wake, grumbling that, "You might at least congratulate me on being my own Q."
Tony lifted his head. "Vibranium – if we mean the same thing by that word – doesn't occur naturally on Earth.
"At least we haven't been moved – we still have some idea of the way to the border," Tony said.
"Sirs," the computer interrupted, "our guest is awake."
Even before it closed over him his lungs were screaming for air, his heart thundering as the old terror gripped him, but he forced his body into obedience, hands hooked under the rim of the underwater seating. He had beaten Ten Rings then and their legacy would not defeat him now—
Steve smiled indulgently at him. "Go on. Go to your room and your workshop or whatever and look for whatever it is you think you've left behind. I'll wait here. Otherwise you're going to fret about it and I'm kinda looking forward to relaxing."
Then his breath hissed through his teeth as he realised just how much trouble Stark was in.
(See the end of the chapter for
Washington knew. Whoever had sent in the goons to Stark Tower knew.
Because that was Natasha's voice.
"Ha!" Relief overwhelmed Tony. Until now he hadn't realised how much he was depending on Steve joining the team. "You repaid any money SHIELD spent on you during the invasion. Cheapskates! We'll get the truck and go collect your stuff—"
He only about two strides behind when the assassin reached the edge of the hangar roof. Even as Steve yelled, "Stop!" the assassin threw himself over the edge. Instantly, there was a flash of blue light, and the assassin vanished. Without thought, Steve leaped after him – and was instantly tumbling towards the concrete several hundred feet below.
He reached out, but he was alone in the huge bed.
"You spoke to Pepper?" Tony asked, dismayed.
They were in a small laboratory; no doubt its design had once been futuristic, with a huge bank of computers that Tony calculated had about zero point two percent of the computing power of his StarkPhone. Other equipment was shrouded in dustsheets.
"If Wakanda reneges, they'll answer to me. But they won't. They don't want your agents, just to be left alone. Is it a deal?"
"Drone, I think," Storm said. "Whatever it is, it locked in on us."
"Anyone who came from the Attorney General's office or the Department of Justice in general?" Natasha asked sharply.
This time, Steve didn't just nod. He turned his head and kissed Tony's hand. "Yes," he said. "Always."
"Evasive action!" Steve shouted.
"Depends. If it's Natasha and Clint, we talk. If it isn't we run 'em off the ranch."
"This is your patient," the Ancient One said, completely ignoring the presence of Tony and Natasha. "He was involved in an explosion that was both physical and mystical. He has been unconscious since then."
"Ready, sir. You have ninety seven point seven per cent power available."
"Don't mention it. Indeed, let me emphasise that you don't mention it. Because there isn't anything to mention. Particularly if doing so will bring the IRS down on my head."
"Oh, yeah," Tony interrupted, "how are you getting on with your new roomies? Have they settled in?"
to help me with that, Tony. It was bad enough when you were wasting your time playing superhero as Iron Man, but then you had to involve Jim—"
Tony had said something about making it easier for them both when he carried Steve at speed. But the technologies Tony had employed to solve the problems of grip, impact and oxygen deprivation were, Steve guessed, unusual even for the twenty first century. Perhaps he ought to thank him.
"It wasn't a rocket," Storm protested.
He lowered his eyes from the sky, and met those of the Lady Sif. "Fuc—" He bit off the curse. "I'm sorry. I'm really sorry. I thought all that was over. But you mustn't – I mean..." he faded out as she let him go. After all, she was an Asgardian, a god.
"Hey!" Clint protested through a mouthful of cheesecake.
Tony would hate that.
"Caused by the people who are predicting disaster right now. You gonna trust their judgement?"
Tony took a deep breath. "Dr Henry Pym is a biochemist who has invented a way to shrink people to the size of insects. Jan also grows wings when she shrinks to wasp size – and I'd really like to know about that myself. Hank has now, according to Jan here, invented a way of turning himself into a giant. Jarvis projected a holographic image of the Hulk, which I'd programmed into a strategy simulation, to disguise him. I presume he vanished by shrinking to ant size when Jarvis switched off the projection. I recognised the technique. Jarvis and Steve worked something like that a few months back..."
"That wasn't the US government, Tony," Rhodes protested.
In the circumstances, there seemed to be nothing he could do but obey, letting Tony ease him back onto the bed. "Dehydration," Tony muttered, as if he were checking a mental list. "Water, water... Jarvis?"
Tony might have scoffed at this extraordinary claim, save that the Wakandan was now weaving them through the jumble of trees and vines at blinding speed. He was glad he couldn't see much of what was around them.
Steve blinked rapidly, and then turned his head so Tony could not see his face. After a minute or so he turned back, and there were tears on his cheeks. He leaned down and brushed his lips across Tony's. "So," he said. "Call Vision. He and I need to talk. Right now, tell me about this farm."
They collapsed onto the long seat under the curving window, mouths locked together, kissing ferociously, hands seeking skin. Deliberately, Steve kneaded the muscles in the small of Tony's back.
"Thank you," Tony said quietly. "Cap has a healing factor, but it doesn't seem to the working right now."
"Isn't one a consequence of the other? Hold yourself in readiness, Barton." Tony rose to his feet. "Meanwhile, I have a company to run." He grabbed the last remaining doughnut and crammed it into his mouth. "Ciao," he said, round it.
"Preparing Earth's defences isn't your responsibility."
Tony must have heard it anyway, because he said, "I trust you. But then I trusted Pep – and they're not all
But it was... moving... moving away...
Through the dreadful pain, it seemed to Steve that as blackness drew a blind over his sight, fierce eyes, green and gold with slitted black pupils, stared down into his own. Hot breath seared his skin.
"You built that suit. Don't try to tell me you don't have a way of tracking it."
"My right or your right. Stark? Is that your right or my right?"
"Kansas?"
Facing them was a large man in what seemed to be some form of flexible armour, all white, with a long-nosed full-face mask below an eared cowl. Two short swords were thrust into his weapons belt but, for the first time, Tony saw an unmistakeable gun butt protruding from a holster, though the weapon itself was one he did not recognise. He might have been impressive but for the massive curves of the shoulder pads – though they might also be armour – and a cape hanging to his knees behind him.
"Is there not?" The Doombot waved its arm, and Tony's armour clattered to the floor at his feet.
There was no mist. The image was clear in his mind as if he was seeing it with his eyes: it was Tony, yet a Tony who was constantly changing, tall and short, now a even younger Tony than the one he knew, now with lines around his eyes and grey at his temples, eyes blue and grey and even a dark brown, clean shaven, with a hairline moustache like his father's, with a short beard, there in an instant and gone at once, in the armour, so many different types of armour, in business suits, in jeans and tee-shirt, in some sort of uniform with far too much white about it to be suitable, with strange device after strange device buried in his chest, and it was followed by older, stranger images...
"Rooibos – redbush. I grew to love it when visiting South Africa. Try it with some sugar."
Soon after that, Gene had said his goodbyes, and vanished, though without the puff of smoke.
He didn't deserve him. Tony thought he was a hero, but he wasn't...
Steve reminded himself.
Howard, Steve noted, was watching him with a fond smile, though his comment, as his son disappeared, was a muttered, "Good luck with that."
"Sit." Thor had somehow teleported to stand next to Tony to place a hand on his shoulder without him noticing. Now that hand pressed down and Tony's already wobbly knees gave under the pressure, but there was a chair waiting for him.
They fell, but only for a couple of feet before their descent slowed.
Tony burst out laughing. "You couldn't be more wrong," he said, with a bitterness he wasn't ready to explain to Steve.
There was the rattle of automatic fire.
Steve was woken from sleep by a hand on his arm.
"But it was odd that, though supposedly suspended, he wasn't there very often," Jan added.
"Didn't help with calculating the survival odds," Tony retorted. "So, you can't help us."
"You know, that's odd," Fury said, looking hard at the glowing repulsors as the massive alien war machine edged along Madison Avenue, its sides only a couple of feet away from the right hand skyscrapers. "Because the night after the battle, people up in Connecticut reported a series of lights in the sky, and the shadow of something very big moving across the stars."
Maybe he would be able to see more clearly here.
"I can be there before you, remember," Iron Man said cheerfully, the closing door cutting off his words as the SUV headed for the hanger doors. "Hank, are you all packed up?
"Why?" Steve asked. Then, as both men looked at him as if they had almost forgotten he was there. "You said their job was to protect Wakanda. So why ally with these mercenaries?"
"Only what's in those crates."
," Steve corrected.
"Anything else we ought to know, Hap?"
That would have to wait until morning, when he was sure Howard would give him every support...
Tony whirled on Storm. "Well?" he asked, his eyebrows up. "Do you have any idea why you were abducted?"
"What's going on there?" Natasha's voice demanded.
"Not my place," Happy mumbled.
There was something shuttered in Tony's expression. "Emergency. Right. You finished eating?"
Clint eyed the Steyr, still slung across the man's shoulders. "Maybe. Or maybe you weren't offered the contract."
Something shifted to the rear. He glanced back along the neck to the body-fuselage and saw a row of translucent spheres with cloudy interiors, in what looked very like a bomb rack, rubbing against each other and the slats holding them in line.
"Hey, you got it, didn't you?"
When he found it, he turned the SUV onto a short drive and drew to a stop at a closed gate. He took out his cell and tapped in a number. "It's Tony," he said. "I'm at the gate."
"They can both talk to me when I get home." By that time he would have his excuses ready for Steve, and as for Pepper... "Bruce first."
"Could we? Or would we have the Hatut Zeraze as well as these invaders of yours on our tails?"
. We were taking some film and testing this," Jan went on, waving a casual hand towards Hank's helmeted head, "when we heard your report on the radio and if we can confirm that sighting, with photos— I guess you'll be glad to have your names in the papers when we write the story?"
"And," Bruce was saying, "Fury had had a cage prepared—" when he was interrupted by a shrill beeping.
"If you and Captain Rogers had agreed to let me take you across our borders then you could be back in New York by now," T'Challa retorted.
"Their leviathan exploded," Fury said laconically, looking from Steve to Tony as if daring either of them to comment.
And laughter around the table.
"Hey! Hey!" Hank, who had been standing blinking sleepily, suddenly came awake. "Careful with those!" He hurried over to take care of his equipment himself, and Jan followed at his heels.
"But if you ping any drones get out of there and fast," Steve said, as he picked up his shield.
"Jarvis, infra-red cameras on the new arrivals."
"And you're the Chairman and majority shareholder so it's in your
"I'm sorry I lost my temper, Tony," Steve said. "I was scared too. But that's no excuse for forgetting you've already had to cope with me being dead. I'll try to take more account of your feelings in future, I promise."
Tony's expression was forbidding. "Perhaps. Perhaps. Now, coffee and pizza – and Jarvis, I'll need to arrange a meeting with Nick Fury."
Steve was wishing that Thor was here instead of him, because Thor wouldn't have worried about offending Tony, just hugged him without over thinking the consequences and that, he was almost certain, was what Tony needed. And he'd just learned it would not be acceptable from Captain America.
"Okay, okay. Stay here if you like. There's a mattress and some blankets in the alcove over there. It's where I crash when I'm working."
Steve whirled and ran back into the bedroom. He didn't even bother to try the door to the rest of the penthouse – if he was indeed there – which he was sure Jarvis had locked, but stood looking about him.
The ornithopter's wings thumped harder, but the right one also dipped. The machine began a slow bank, losing height despite the frantic beating of the wings. Steve was sure there were ways to correct all of this, but he had no idea what—
as the Ferrari reared up in imitation of the prancing horse on its hood and toppled towards the creek.
By the time he wrapped himself in a soft, thick blanket and settled down to sleep, Tony was even more annoyed. Said 'camp bed', which had unfolded, expanded and assembled itself, complete with pillow and mattress, appeared to be made of some sophisticated shape-memory polymer. There was no doubt now that T'Challa had not been kidding about how advanced Wakanda's technology actually was. Tony's only comfort was that Hank was going to be even more annoyed when he heard about it.
"Way ahead of you, Stark." Hawkeye's chuckle was evil.
There was a double click that was vaguely familiar, then a voice – Howard Stark's voice – crackled from the overhead speakers: "Steve... Steve, I cannot believe in my heart that this tape will ever be activated by your fingerprints, but if you are here and listening to this it must mean that Erskine's serum kept you alive, as I hoped it would, and that someone eventually found you. If I am standing beside you at this moment you will already know what I am going to say, but I doubt that I could be that lucky. Besides, then I would have been the one to open the doors. Only two other people ever knew what was concealed here; one is Maria, my wife, the other is Margaret Grey – Peggy Carter as was. Maybe one of them sent you here.
"Please. If you can operate that thing." He nodded towards the fearsomely complex coffee machine. "I always expect it to blow up or take off."
So was the way he wanted Tony here, desperately.
"Undisturbed," Tony replied. "I'm disappointed in your super soldier vision – I was expecting at least a built-in infra-red night sight."
"Thor," Tony replied, from behind the faceplate, thanking the God he didn't believe in for the distorted voice of Iron Man.
It seemed to Steve that he was standing on a wide empty beach which stretched away in every direction, until, at the far horizon, it disappeared into sea, or mist or both.
The partnership of Iron Man and Captain America – whatever he or the US government wanted the public to call him – dealt firmly with previously untouchable mobsters, stopped a minor war between two megalomaniacal (and oil rich) dictators and eliminated an outbreak of piracy in the Gulf of Mexico.
There was the sound of heavy breathing, then the familiar voice said: "Boss, boss, you there? Are you on your way? You haven't lost the signal?"
Tony was glad Fury couldn't see his face. He hoped his laughter didn't sound as forced as it actually was. "So it
"I will. And someone will be in touch."
"What?" Tony was plainly astonished. "Of course I'm not. I'm the very epitome of cool. In fact—"
"What?" Tony was on his feet, unsure of how he got there. "Since when?"
But his guts churned at the thought of meeting Miss Potts. Which was odd because he had not had the not-knowing-what-to-say-to-dames problem with Natasha or Deputy Director Hill, but then they were professional ... somethings.
For Tony didn't need to look to know the buckle was glowing, first red, then white, then so bright that it would blind before you could identify the colour as it expanded outwards melting everything around it, eating away the metal walls. He could feel the heat surge then fade against his back.
"Yes, sir," Jarvis said huffily. "I'll contact him."
"I could care less if you're the real Steve Rogers, though I'm sure you are. What I know is that my son thinks you hung the sun and stars," Howard said.
There was a good thirty seconds of silence, then Clint said, "Nat, we have accomplished a miracle: we have silenced Tony Stark."
"But there'll be trouble for Thor?"
It was Bruce who broke the silence. "Something wrong with modern theoretical physics, Stark?" He sounded curious rather than sceptical.
When Steve reached the security office dead on time, he found it empty except for a dark haired man in a smart navy blue uniform with a lot of gold on the sleeves. A military style cap lay on the desk next to his feet, and his face was buried in a mug.
The Panther nodded. "You're right. We think that the source is a massive meteorite that fell from space many millions of years ago, probably before there was life here, because I do not think anything but bacteria could have survived such an impact. Chance and tectonic movement eventually brought it here and closer to the surface.
"Well, you know how to deal with a Gordian knot, Tony," Jan said.
Tony rarely felt embarrassed by anything, but the thought that Steve had seen anything of his mediocre performance the night before still made him squirm.
"Got it. I take it you don't want me to talk to Pepper?"
Tony's mouth twisted at the thought. Alone in all the ways that mattered, in any event.
. My brother. I could no more have sex with him than..." Steve shook his head, with a bitter laugh. "He grew up to be a real ladies man, contemptuous of fags, same as most men back then. He would never have hurt anyone, though – was far too kind. Was always trying to fix me up with dames too. An' I have a feeling he may have saved me from being raped a couple of times." He looked at Tony. "I always kinda thought you were like him. Like your Dad."
"You think SHIELD is behind all this?" Steve asked, keeping his voice to a whisper. He was remembering his feeling of panic when the explosion in his old apartment had blinded Tony and flooded the room with a gas would have killed him if he had not been in the Iron Man suit.
Darkness. Like a camera shutter dropping.
"Yeah. I'm not going to open up your floor, even if you could make it down there. The furniture is covered in dustsheets, and you left nothing of your own when you moved upstate. It's not fit for habitation. Now, do you think you can shower without falling down and hitting your head? Yes? Good. Friday, keep an eye on him and make sure he stays awake."
The driver, who addressed him in English and by name, had been sent by Okoye to wait for him. Instantly, however, on hearing Tony's rapid explanation of Jan's plight, he put aside whatever message he had for Iron Man, and led him swiftly to the same highly guarded medical centre where Hank was working with Wakandan medics to restore T'Challa's mental capacities.
"Unless they ask you a question. You don't speak a word of the language," Tony pointed out.
"There cannot be enough memory or processing pow—" For the first time ever, JARVIS broke off in mid-complaint. "Sir, I— Is this the future of technology?"
He was, thank God, breathing normally.
Steve took another step towards him; Tony forced himself to stand his ground, waiting for that decision.
"Sure." Tony rose into the air and shaded his eyes with a gauntleted hand, peering along the troop carrier's spines.
"Tony. Tony, release the locks on your armour, huh, so we can get you out of it without damaging it more than it is already.""
"I bet you'd prefer I came naked," Tony said, with a leer.
"You're fighting back," Tony pointed out.
He sipped at the brandy, hoping it would burn away his doubts, or at least convince him of his own reality, here in this millionaires' playground, where a 'hunting shack' had ten bedrooms, and the town five miles away, hidden in the river valley, had been built solely to service it.
There was a silence as they drank their coffee. Steve, at least, was trying to put his thoughts in order. There was something he wanted to ask Jan, because asking Tony seemed fraught with peril on all sides. "Jan, there's something I don't understand. I'm— I'm gay. Maybe a little bit bi, because there was one woman, though I – we – never— Otherwise I've only ever wanted men, though back in the forties it was better not to act on that. But when... I wanted to know whether I had a chance with Tony, if ever he and Pepper split, I searched on line. There wasn't a hint that he was anything but totally straight. Then we... and it turned out he's bisexual and experienced."
Jarvis's, "I'll make sure nothing disturbs you, Steve," was the last thing Tony remembered.
"Until I joined the diplomatic service," Ndungu said, with an air of confiding something shameful, "I believed Wakanda to be nothing more than legend, something to give a frisson as you listened to a storyteller round the fire. I was wrong. Wakanda is a real place, a real society. It is why the countries of East Africa threw off the German and British yokes so easily. It is why we are more advanced technologically than other countries in Africa." His mouth twisted. "A gift, apparently, from Wakanda, which is, I am told, more technically advanced than any country in the world, even the one in which we stand. It is not a gift they share very often."
"You're fine. Being listened to by Captain America is really flattering. All you need to do is learn to flirt a little. Watch Tony. He flirts with everything."
He was trying, very, very hard, to keep his mind on task and ignore the implications of Natasha's last report, received just before he, Danvers, and Jan, in her Wasp form, disembarked from the plane. She and Clint had made contact with Thor, but the Thunder God had not heard from Iron Man since the latter headed into the hurricane.
"I'm sure that neither Pepper Potts nor Tony has been ignoring you – and I certainly won't, particularly if I can make Hank jealous," she added, with a grin. "Not that that'll work when there's a scientific problem to be solved." She stopped outside a door and rose up on tiptoe to let some sort of mechanism scan her eyes. "And Tony provides those in quantity."
"Then take it," Hunter snapped. "As part of your payment." He stepped forwards to the front of the steps and addressed the muttering crowd in Wakandan.
"No. Why would you think I need to steal, well, anything at all?"
With what was apparently an effort, the blond head lifted to look up into the glowing sensors of the Iron Man faceplate. "No. Be all right." It was little more than a whisper. "Heal fast. Fine in... couple hours. SHIELD..." His eyes closed and he made an attempt to shake his head. Tony could now see where the back of his leather jacket had been sliced across, edges stained crimson. Beneath it, he could see blood welling up from a cut that went deep into flesh.
"Are you a member of the NRA, Tony?" Jan asked, with a grin.
"We grabbed a burger last night."
"So we thought. We had a few minutes warning. Enough to start evacuation."
Of course, he could ask Tony where they were going, but that might make it seem as if he didn't trust him. He wasn't going to do that because the one person he was sure about was Tony. And he was, which was strangely more difficult, learning to trust Howard.
"Shit!" Iron Man dropped back down into the water, giving the limp body he was still holding by the collar a second soaking. "Get behind me and grab hold. Arms round my neck, then just hang on and thank whatever gods you believe in that that it's not a bridal carry."
"Sir, please."
"Already have," Steve pointed out. "Would you prefer fireman's or bridal carry?" His voice held a gleeful note that suggested he was looking forward to it.
Tony's stomach lurched, an all too familiar feeling these days. "As far as I know he's in Nevada riding herd on a bunch of rookies."
"It's miles away," Tony protested.
No, he had to go back to New York to face her with these facts and suspicions, even if the thought dismayed him.
"Thanks. Activate now." Danvers went back to exchanging increasingly terse messages with the Travis control tower, which now wanted to how the hell she had vanished and what the UFOs were.
For a long time before the Chitauri invasion, SHIELD had known far too much about both him and Stark Industries. So he had tightened security and tightened it yet again after the invasion. SHIELD had also tightened security – he had believed, at the time, that it had been a result his and Jarvis's hacks – but he had evidence that SHIELD had been leaking classified information in other directions ever since.
"And that," T'Challa said, "may be played to our advantage. We will strike in the early morning tomorrow, when few will be awake and alert. Now, though, eat and rest. Then we will plan."
Tony swore and brushed the equations hanging in the air aside. "Fuck it, Jarvis! I don't want that woman here."
"Naturally not," Tony told him, punching Bruce rather too hard on the shoulder. "Stop molesting Steve."
Instead, the Doombot turned its red eyes to the woman at his side. "Call it to me, Clea."
"It's been wiped."
"See? No fever. Cooler than you."
There were any number of things about Tony's diatribe that needed explaining but, oddly, the one thing at the top of Steve's list was, "Rescue? Pepper?"
. He says he's become aware of secret briefings between the Generals and the CSAF -- sorry, the Air Force Chief of Staff to you non military types – is out of town and he can't locate him. Which is why, I guess, he didn't want details – just gave me carte blanche to do what I have to do.
"The what?" Fury did not sound amused.
Yeah. Logical.
"Jeb—"
The aircraft, flayed of its rotors, lay on its side, fire glowing under the topmost engine. The air stank of fuel. The pilot, a dark silhouette against the red glow, was apparently struggling to open the cockpit door.
"I'm not. He isn't
"He didn't go upstairs," Bruce said, keeping a tight grip on Iron Man's arm as they shambled forward. "He dragged me outside and was about to go back in when we saw a couple of suspicious types leap into a car and take off. He— Stop. Doors. Now, forward – down steps, Tony, be careful." It was too late to stop Tony stumbling, but this time he actually managed to keep his feet, even though he could hear rain drumming on the outside of the armour. Well, he would definitely be drier than Bruce.
The soldier bent over Steve and laid fingers on his neck. After about thirty seconds, he announced, "Can't find a pulse. Guess that serum's not so hot after all."
Steve shaded his eyes, trying to get a better view because the thing was in the full glare of the sun. Whatever it was, it was getting closer, looking as if it might just clear the top of the bridge.
"He – they offered. It was my choice."
Steve stopped dead. He did not turn, but instead watched the reflection of Iron Man in the glass as he hovered inches above the stone terrace.
– into rough cubes, and perched on their rim was what appeared to be a whitewashed Spanish mission, though this road plainly did not lead to it.
Damn it, that was not only a holographic projection, it was the one of the Hulk from the Avengers strategy program he had created for Steve, magnified to life size, given weight and substance—
"Even more so, I suspect, as I have had far more years of command," Thor replied. "Far, far more years than he, or you, have been alive, though I am still young by the standards of my people." He sat down beside Tony. "But old enough to recognise love in all its forms when I encounter it. Until tonight I wondered both whether you were aware of the Captain's feelings and if you returned them. No longer. But you are troubled when you should be happy."
has Thor's hammer?"
"They were not AFOSI," Danvers said tightly.
As the elevator travelled down to the garage, JARVIS said: "I admit to a certain amount of curiosity. Are you from the past or the future? Or from another reality?"
Saying "No sex" to Steve had been easy. Ignoring his own physical reactions was not. Damn it, he'd had this under control. Until tonight. Until he'd been shown, in no uncertain terms, that Steve – who was alive! Alive! Thank all the gods of Asgard – that Steve was willing – had wanted – to have sex with him.
Steve needed closure. If Bruce wouldn't let Tony trawl the internet or set loose the worm in SHIELD's computers, there might be another way to achieve it.
Frigga shook her head at him. Once she was alone with Steve, she came to stand looking down at him, a smile on her face. "I hope Fandral took good care of you," she said.
"You never responded when I flirted with you," Tony protested. "Never responded when anyone else did, either." Though he'd actually been grateful for that. "It's one of the reasons that I want to give you the time and space—"
"Cap, you still there?" he demanded on the end of the same breath.
Clea, her eyes wide, turned towards him, lifting her hands.
"Something you won't tell me about. For that, bro, I am sure dialling back on your birthday present."
"What is it, Tony?" Miranda's voice asked. "We've got people out there recovering your car, but it's totalled, I'm afraid."
"Bully," Tony accused, but his eyelids were sagging. Even so, he noticed Steve's wince and felt a moment of regret. Not half as much, though, as he wished the room would stop rocking and greying in front of his eyes. He swayed back into Steve's welcome support. Nor did he protest when Steve lifted him to his feet; in fact, it was, sort of... nice. In the end, he didn't remember reaching his bed.
Blessing Washington's restriction on building height, Tony spiralled outwards, keeping to about a hundred and fifty feet above the streets and rooftops. There were all too many people glowing cheerfully on the streets below him but even the SHIELD agents had seemed to have stopped running.
"So you are vouching for him. In that case I don't suppose you're ready to come in yet?"
To his astonishment, Hennis said, "We believe you are holding an American citizen, Steven Grant Rogers, illegally and probably against his will."
"But Jan and Bruce always call you Tony. It just slipped out."
It took him less than fifteen minutes to make his way to the kitchen via his own bedroom where he had showered and changed and perched his signature sunglasses on his nose.
The robed figure standing at the window turned to face them.
"Okay then."
"What the hell is going on back home?" Rhodey demanded, without any greeting at all.
He said, more calmly, "About ten years ago I came across a paper buried in one of the more obscure journals. It was several years old even then, and the ideas were so way out, there were so many gaps and so much arrogance displayed that it had been pretty much ignored by the scientific community. But it bugged me. There were parts of it that almost made sense – and those parts gave me ideas that led to the repulsor tech."
"It was supposed," the Ancient One said, "to push your soul onto the Astral Plane. Returning would have been reliant on your answers to my questions being satisfactory."
"My armoury." It was said in a matter-of-fact tone, with perhaps just a hint of pride but none of aggression. The young man – Stark – was watching him with interest, and no trace of fear.
Tony shook himself. "We need transport, and our scientists need facilities. With your agreement, we'll take my plane out from JFK and head for the Stark facilities in Seattle. As a base it's not going to be luxurious, but it's secure, and communications, computer and transport facilities are better than we have here."
It was so damn difficult to stay angry with Tony.
"In one of the tunnels leading from an ancient mine shaft, perhaps the oldest of all, dug into the mountain with stone tools. My sister and I found it some five years ago. It is one of the few places in Wakanda of which Hunter is unaware."
Hill, who was standing a little aside, switched off her communicator and swung on them, demanding, "What the hell happened?"
"Something that isn't his," Tony replied. "But that list Pep's put together comprises a large number of properties, though most of them are industrial or commercial. Also, some of the ones Mom left me had been sold by the trustees. How did you figure out where I was?"
"Fingerprints, Tony?" Bruce asked, tossing him a pair of disposable gloves. "You do realise that apart from Steve's that envelope will be covered in unidentifiable prints."
"Dr Richards thinks that we're part of a multiverse," Tony said. "But our universe is at least thirteen and a half billion years old."
"You think Rhodes wouldn't play ball so the Air Force took the suit away from him. Was it the original War Machine?"
"You know fuckin' well I don't take contracts. But I do get to hear about them."
"Now Ms Potts is back, what's she going to think if Jarvis interrupts you... er...?"
"Sir—"
"Widow, Hawkeye, out you go. You'll be dropped behind the attackers. They only outnumber us about ten to one, so you should be fine. Outflank the bastards. Take your orders from Cap. He's already down."
Steve laughed, then started coughing.
Though he could not see the other occupants of the vehicle he could hear the murmur of their voices, though no words in either English or Wakandan could be distinguished.
he chided himself as he dived through the hatch that led to the research decks.
Unwilling to show the relief that washed through him, Steve turned and stared south towards the Atlantic ocean, a small part of his mind wincing at the paucity of commercial shipping. Then movement just above the horizon beyond the Verranzo-Narrows Bridge caught his eye. It was too low and too slow for a plane, but far too big, surely, for a bird. "What's that?"
"You didn't have those built overnight," Steve said. "Normally they take years of development— Why do I think you're grinning behind that faceplate, Stark?"
It was then that Pepper noticed the glass in his hand. "For God's sake, Tony, it's a quarter before ten. Are you drunk?"
doing here?" Pepper demanded, on an outraged note, as she saw Jan curled on one of the sofas, her red pants suit bright against the black leather.
"It's a Van Dyke. And I gotta distinguish myself from Dad," Tony said lightly, curling closely into Steve's side. "And how old are you, cradle snatcher?"
Unfortunately, the drug T'Challa had given him was astonishingly effective.
"Now you're scaring me, buddy," Rhodey said, his voice sharp. "You're doing something that's gonna get you into trouble, aren't you?"
Okay, Tony thought grimly, let's see you survive being blown to teeny-tiny pieces.
"Which was?"
"It can't have been worse than the 1939 serial. I'm sure Bucky would have loved it," Steve said. He took a deep breath, plainly bracing himself for an attempt to pretend it didn't matter. "Ironic that I was the one frozen and who woke up in the future. But you're still evading. What happened that you aren't telling me?"
"He didn't do anything, as far as I know," Tony said, as they came out into sunlight in a steep sided valley. "Possibly he was never here at all. It may have been somewhere to retreat if the USA was attacked by the Soviets or if the government decided to shut down his operations. It may have been somewhere to have a team conduct research he didn't want anyone to know about. It was owned by him, personally, not by Stark Industries and it had been shut down long before his death. Ah," he added, as a group of low, earth coloured buildings with what appeared to be turfed roofs came into sight, "here we are." The truck passed through open garage doors and came to a halt in what was clearly a storage area.
"Ah, the will."
"No, but instinct—" Steve fired, once, twice, and the suited figure swerved to one side. "— makes you turn —" He fired again as the armour honed in on them. "— if your display says a bullet's coming straight at your eyes."
"If so, my fees have just tripled. No, make that quadrupled. Oh, now, wait a second, you haven't actually paid me for the last couple of years, so I guess that's constructive discharge."
Steve stepped back. "Tony, go upstairs, shower and change," he said firmly. "Some of these conversations will have to be Skyped – I'm sorry, Stark VoIP'd," he corrected, at Tony's glare.
Watching a muttering Tony locate the bottle of Scotch and pour himself a large helping, Steve was horrified to discover that he not only wanted to snatch the drink from his hands, but to take him in his arms and kiss the need for it away.
Steve nodded. "Those aren't my questions but you've got a better chance of getting yours answered."
"The one with the odd nickname," Steve elaborated. "Pepper?"
"Dad was quite clear about how close he was to Sergeant Barnes and how good at controlling his strength. What about his vital signs?"
He flung them outwards, willing them into Reality with all his fear and hope, willing all the might of the Power and Space stones to strike at the evil on their heels...
Tony replied, in the same language.
Then the Panther switched on the headlights and it became clear that they were in a controlled fall down a shaft in the mountainside, cliffs gleaming with water on all sides, the dark rock speckled with luminescent flecks. Before Tony had time to speculate on the geology, the vehicle slid sideways the first of many narrow tunnels.
There was a long pause. "Not that I know about," the President admitted.
And moved into Iron Man's metal embrace. Then Tony was kissing him; half angry, half tender, all desire.
"He did? I don't remember that," Tony said.
"Because you aren't flushed with enthusiasm, are you? If you'd had your memory restored you'd delighted."
"Yes," Steve gasped. He had not done much swimming as a child, had no real technique, but his strength and enhanced coordination made him effective enough in the water. The hand holding his arm let him go, and the surface around him flattened as the Iron Man rose out of the water. "But— Stark, wait! There are bombs in that aircraft. Or something that looks a lot like bombs."
"Currently, Captain Rogers is in Ms Potts's office."
He should have ordered Jarvis to deploy the shields.
Steve stretched out a hand to touch it, but Tony caught his wrist with his free hand. "Don't, Steve. You don't know what it will do."
It was true. Try as he might to remember anything before tonight, there was a blank wall. He didn't even know his own name.
"Is this to do with Pepper?"
"He misses you dreadfully."
"Can you handle a sail boat? It's not one of my skills."
A cocky-looking man, whose ginger hair clashed uncomfortably with the coveralls, grinned at him. "Just waiting for you, sir."
Steve squirmed a little with the realisation that he hated any criticism of Tony, however justified and however gentle, even from someone who obviously loved him. He concentrated on his tea, which was nothing like he expected tea to taste.
more secure.
"Now he tells me! I thought you'd defeated those damn aliens back in New York."
"He could have been fighting brainwashing," Tony said, "The suit could have been on remote. There could be any number of reasons."
There was a long pause. It was Fury who broke it. "What guarantees do I have that I'll get my people back?"
"I've always had Jarvis."
Tony nibbled at the hand. As soon as Steve removed it, he said, "I'm impressed. You were as exhausted as I was."
"Sounds good to me," Steve said. At least this crisis seemed to be past and if sex was what Tony was willing to give him, then he ought to take that and be thankful. At least it would allow him to watch over him and keep him safe.
"Leverage," Clint said. "Go for the girlfriend."
In less than thirty seconds, Pepper's voice said, with an air of astonishment:
"There is no science or magic that can enhance the spirit. And Thor also says that yours is the greatest he has known, and he is not prone to exaggeration – at least, not about anything that pertains to the assessment of a warrior."
"Stay down there!" Tony put his armoured palm to the glass and pushed. The pane fell into the room. The fact that it didn't shatter suggested that someone had replaced the original spec with armoured glass.
Steve chose his words carefully: "I sometimes wonder what would have happened to me if you hadn't made that offer, the night of the Battle of New York. Or if you hadn't dragged me back when I tried to take off, only the guy with the ornithopter—"
Steve leaned forward, palms flat against the window, because his legs were trembling, the strength in muscle and bone melting away. He bit his bottom lip, staring out into the night because if he concentrated on the sensations roiling through his groin he wouldn't be able to stand, wouldn't...
"She did not, sir. At her request, I isolated the data set and scanned it; it contains nothing dangerous. She assured me I would know when to use it and that, at that time, you would give me the order to do so."
"Too bad. Thanks for the warning. I'll see you back in Manhattan." He killed the line with the flick of an eyelid.
Jan waved away the evasion, "But no word from Tony?
The place had been in surprisingly good order, the water (from the creek) still potable and the hydroelectric generator upstream still capable of producing electricity, though Tony had replaced it with an ARC reactor. He had only cleared one building – three labs, six bedrooms, a kitchen and a big rec room – and spent a day hauling in and installing up to date equipment. Once Hank and Jan had joined Bruce, it had become possible for them to pick up supplies from as far away as Oklahoma City, if necessary.
Bruce stared at him: "Didn't Hank tell you what happened?"
"Perhaps, Fury, but
Steve made his decision instinctively. "Jarvis! Open the gates!" he shouted, grabbing the woman by the arm. "Run!"
The last thing he wanted was Rhodey and Steve to be mad at each other. It was bad enough that Pepper was – or would be when she realised that Steve was the 'other woman'.
"What's SHIELD?" Jan asked from the door, Steve hovering at her back.
"Hogun?"
"I wish I could say that she wouldn't because she almost certainly knows about us. She was dropping hints back in Wakanda that she understood how I felt about you. But that makes her more likely to try and surprise us, not less."
"Gee, you've gotta give me lessons on winning friends and influencing people, Stark," Clint commented. "So, what's it gonna be? Wholesale slaughter or a coup d'état?"
"Then there's SHIELD. There's a distinct fishy odour to their presence. Probably shark."
But Steve wasn't going to ask that question aloud. Not yet, at any rate.
