I'd never experienced a corpse this degraded. He sat to one side of the sofa, leaning against the arm, his head back. He was black and bloated, his features unrecognizable, and fluids had seeped out of the body into the couch and floor. He wore black trousers and a gray shirt, black shoes and socks. The bullet had entered through his chest and the insect activity was especially dense there and on his face, the flies completely covering his eyes and nostrils giving him a queasy, goggle-eyed look.
“He’s alive! John, that’s what you wanted – that’s good news.”
I did. As soon as I had stepped out of them, John pinned me face down on the kitchen table. He had my arm twisted up behind me in such a way that I couldn’t move. I panted against the wood and wiggled my bum. I was so enflamed, I had to be dripping precome on the kitchen floor. The thought made me giddy and I wiggled my arse again.
"Was she on the mend? Was her death unexpected?"
“Sherlock?” John called out. He felt the contented hum of Sherlock’s emotions nearby.
“I helped raid an Omega whorehouse once... they shot them up with hormones to make them go into heat more often.”
“How did you...?”
Anyone but himself.
“You gonna be brown bread, matie.” Moran mumbled. “Got me lady pointed right at yer lump o lead.”
As you know by now, I did not die two years ago when I jumped from the roof of St. Bart’s. Moriarty had forced my hand and to keep Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade and you alive and unharmed, he and his people had to believe that I had died. I used you – your reaction, your grief – to convince them that my suicide was real. At the time, there didn’t seem to be another way to ensure your safety – if there was, I still can’t see it. I knew it was wrong of me to use you like that, but I considered the stakes and I went ahead. In the same situation, I would do it again.
"Superior intelligence and focus is often mistaken for self-involvement." Sherlock said blithely.
Mycroft came by. There are more photos. It’s not just us, now they’re stalking Lestrade too. Mycroft is… furious. And terrified.”
John wasn't listening. He stood up and quickly moved away from Sherlock.
"Yes, right. Force the Omegas to bond, get them out of Sherrinford..."
John had thought he walked on water.
“I’m not...” I started.
I sighed. “I’m a bit long in the tooth, don’t you think. Isn’t tender youth the preferred currency?”
Sherlock grinned, excited beyond measure at the thought that John wouldn't hold himself back.
Sherlock hugged him close. "Whenever you're up for it." Sherlock murmured. "Just let me know."
need anything.
But he was broken now permanently, physically as well as mentally. He would be a burden on those closest to him, no matter what they claimed. That was the reason he'd let Shane talk him into allowing Sherlock to move back into their flat – it was Sherlock's punishment for everything he'd put John through. Shane certainly didn't deserve to be stuck with the duty of care for a bitter cripple.
“He wants to be alone.” Mycroft told me, his face drawn and tired. “He doesn’t want either of us in his room right now.” The guard Mycroft had posted outside Sherlock’s door looked over, unable to hide his curiosity.
As the hour for his surgery grew near, John withdrew into a stormy silence. Neither Shane nor Sherlock tried to draw him out. They sat with him quietly until the time came. Shane kissed him and wished him luck. Sherlock just smiled at John briefly. "We'll be here when you wake up." He said.
"He really didn't appreciate the urgency...." Sherlock said. "Neither did I – it was a diabolical plan, tying you up that way. Moran didn't have to do anything. The longer he left you, the worse the injuries until finally you would have died... it was all a matter of time..."
ever given me?!”
“Cam, you remember John, of course. And this is Inspector Lestrade – he helped me after I was mugged. He was in court today too and I thought if there was any trouble...”
I frowned. "You made dinner? What did you make?" I'd seen Sherlock make toast and heat up leftovers, nothing else.
“He wanted to talk about the sniper case. He’d tracked down that receipt. Did he tell you?”
"Frustration in your situation is expected. I'm certain Sherlock doesn't blame you."
*I didn't know we'd made it official*
Despite being affectionate and attentive, John continued sleeping in his own bed, never any indication he thought of anything else. He went out regularly – to see Mariah, I assumed. But sex didn't cheer him as it had before Wallog.
Afterwards he kissed me softly. "That was good. Maybe I'll see you here again sometime."
John pushed an errant curl out of his Omega’s eyes and kissed him again. “You are.” He drawled.
"I have information about a group I think would be a good fit, I'll have Nancy give it to you before you go." Now Bob looked at Sherlock. "Ok, John?" He asked.
3. Political. Arrested at a demonstration. Convicted on trumped up charges. Relatively smart. Knows how to fight. Bottom bunk.
SHERLOCK
“John is in an unique position.” Sherlock said. “If we can assess what Simon Fraser and Tamara Krazinsky had in common that triggered their murders, John can affect the same symptoms.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly told them about her ambition to be a doctor like her sire. She told them about her school where she took classes with Alphas and was just as smart and capable as they. She didn’t lie, it wasn’t easy being the only Omega. Sometimes she felt like a lamb surrounded by wolves. But she was determined. And more to the point, confident of her own worth.
"If it's about my hip, don't. Just... don't."
“You have him? Is he—?”
“That was merely a by-product of trying to save YOU.”
Then his text alert sounded and John's smile vanished. He let go of my hand and pulled his phone out. He glanced at the screen then put the phone back in his pocket. He rubbed his eyes tiredly. "I have to go out." He said. "After dinner."
"Sore throat?"
John laughed. I felt it in his chest, emanating out until his entire body shook with his adorable giggle. “You kissed my nose.” He said.
“John, do you mean it?” He sounded so lost.
"Would... would you touch me? Just once more?" Sherlock faltered. "I don't want Moran to be the last person who touched me, who kissed me." Now it was Sherlock who couldn't meet John's gaze. "I know this isn't a good time..."
“Well... ahem!” Sherlock’s clever fingers had freed John’s cock and started stroking it. “You, erm, would have to lie on your back with your head hanging over the edge of the bed. At that angle, you
Then I stopped talking.
...but he was right... Angus was right – John shouldn't be carrying on with Shane in front of comatose Sherlock.
John heaved himself to his feet, leaning on the cane and the chair. "Let's go down then."
Then Gereth was toppling, the gun going off with a deafening bang... but I wasn't hit!
John knows it. It’s writ all over his handsome face – the worry and the fear. The pity. I cannot abide pity. I could ignore it from anyone but John. I would ignore it, delete it, throw fits at it – anything to erase it. Contempt is preferable to pity.
“Were you
Sherlock stopped playing abruptly. He realized he'd been crying again. Hastily, Sherlock wiped the tears from his face with his sleeve.
Lestrade set the tray down on the table Mycroft had moved out from the wall. “As well as can be expected. He ate a little. I think he was waiting for me to leave to eat more.”
"Are you going to tell him about us?"
I turned back to Gereth. "What about Victor?"
“Yes."
But love... I had not expected that.
"Yeah! I was about to roust him, wasn't I – the way he was hovering over poor, dead Mr. Fraser – until he started talking and I realized he was a posh bloke slumming."
Sherlock felt everything that John was feeling – powerful and triumphant, his orgasm like electricity, shocking and jolting under his skin. John's seed gushed inside him, swamping his womb. And he wanted it, wanted his Alpha's semen so badly! Every fresh spurt was pure bliss. Sherlock felt pleasure possessing John, rocking him, from his curling toes to his prickling scalp, every cell in his body was full, filled, fulfilled – this was John's purpose, this Omega completed the Alpha… nothing existed outside of their carnal cocoon...
John thought of the boy lying among the bins. “You’ve been thinking about the case.”
Now I had a bottom bunk near the window, a bit of shelf space, a small income and some amount of security – rape was always a threat. I was feeling positive – maybe I could wrap all this up quickly and get out of this vile hell hole! I could go home!
“I thought they were getting equal shares, about fifty million apiece. As you can see...” Anwen pointed at a line in the will. “Geraint is left sixty million,  Selwyn eighty million and Gereth fifty – and the terms of Gereth's trust was changed.”
John chuckled along. But the levity drained away quickly. He set down his fork and pushed his plate away. He'd eaten more than half, Sherlock was happy to see, but he'd hoped John would eat more. He did, however, pick up the glass of wine and drain it. "Don't we have anything stronger?" John asked.
"John..." Sherlock said, or tried to say – it came out as a croak.
"Waste of time." I said, my lips thinning into a grimace. "I'm here with you. That's enough."
Back on their floor, Lestrade took Sherlock to Mycroft’s office.
This must be death. Or the long moment of the body dying when the brain hallucinates. Would John take me towards a bright light? I laughed a little hysterically. I hadn’t felt the blow... I’d expected to feel the machete...
I made a sound of protest, but she ignored me. I touched her and felt how she trembled. “Mary, come on.” I murmured, folding her into my arms. She was so small and soft and warm. It felt good. I had been lonely for so very long.
“That you’d grown tired of waiting.”
“Of course…. why?” My voice had gone and all I could manage was a strangled rasp.
John didn’t question. He used the wall and someone’s back to clamber up and jump… they grabbed at each other, hands desperately entwining, clinging. Then the Omega started hauling John up. John got his fingertips then his hands then his arms over the top… someone started yanking on his feet, trying to pull him back down. The Omega wrapped his arms around his torso and John kicked at the grabbing hands. He lost a shoe, but somehow, he managed to gain the top.
So Lestrade
"John, leave the dishes."
I kicked off my shoes and took off the belted trench and my suit jacket, draping them over my music stand. I stretched out on John's bed - it was made, but was a bit dusty, forgotten like everything else up here. Apropos that I should be here too, I thought mournfully, wondering what was taking him so long. "I accept the things I can't change…"
I closed my eyes, listening to the smuggler giggle.
"Moriarty was going to kill ME?" Lestrade asked. "I didn't think he knew I existed."
"Don't you consider homosexuality to be bourgeois decadence?"
“I knew you wouldn’t understand.”
John’s anger over Victor, though. That told me he cared for me more than as a friend. I was fevered, I reacted defensively, graspingly… but he was kind and affectionate, stroking my hair in the most wonderful way. The most confusing way.
“It seems so. The brothers have been pressuring Lady Anwen to throw her out – they never took to her, apparently.”
“I don’t know. The marriage was kept quiet for the most part – small, private ceremony, no announcement. I couldn’t find any mention online, which is unusual. But Sir Afan, though still young, had mostly retired from public life – Lady Anwen was taking over his duties. I’m not sure many people even knew he had remarried. Lady Anwen called her ‘Vic,’ so ‘Lady Victoria’ would be most likely.”
Excitement bloomed within me anew – Sherlock was here! I was going to see him! “The less I know the better.” I said trying to control my excitement as I donned the eye covering.
Their first real date was a week later. Late Saturday afternoon, Shane took John to the Crime Museum exhibit at the London Museum. They browsed through, Shane talking about some of his research, asking for John’s professional opinion on some of the exhibits. John really enjoyed it.
"He was there? Tell me."
Moran flicked his wrist, landing a stinging blow on the head of John's cock. The ropes bit hard as John cringed and flexed trying vainly to get away from the flail.
"Sleep with me." He grasped at my hands, trying to draw me down with him.
Sherlock shrugged and looked out of the window. He sat in an overstuffed chair with his feet drawn up under him. The healing track marks on his arm itched and he desperately wanted to scratch them, but they had already gotten infected once. Irritating. It didn't matter. He let the irritation drift away.
“Contusions on her shoulders.” Sherlock remarked. “They couldn’t hold her underwater by her hair, like the others.” He moved aside. “John, what do you smell?”
“Mm. Have you met many Omegas with this ability?”
“Over a year – fifteen months or so, I guess. It still feels like yesterday. I didn’t realize HOW important that friendship was… we worked together, we lived together. Half the time I took care of him, the other half I made excuses for him… but it was… really great. I feel like the most interesting parts of my life died with him. And I found myself alone again.”
"I'm his doctor!"
I felt light and happy. I was with John and he loved me! We lay lazily in our bed in Baker Street, the linens pristinely white, sun slanting through the curtain illuminating a thousand dust motes... they danced in the sun and I flew over and danced with them, John’s hand in mine, John’s strong hand on my shoulder... John beside me. I wanted John beside me always...
-No. I’m hoping you’ve been keeping him too busy...-
He searched my face for a moment – I wasn't sure what he was looking for or if he found it. Then he nodded somberly and retreated within himself.
“Do you regret...?” I started.
We saw each other almost every day. Then I started sneaking out at night to be with him. We would make love until just before dawn – when I'd run home before mummy and father woke up.
“It doesn’t matter. Go to sleep.” John turned his head away from Sherlock and closed his eyes.
John is pulled away from me…
Sherlock and John set up a stakeout to catch Sir Afan's killer.
“But you aren’t counting on it.”
"My pleasure. Goodnight, John."
"No, I don't think you did notice. I'm quite certain it was Sherlock Holmes ."
I pretended to be asleep when John left for his date.
“Molly...?” He managed. His mouth was dry. That was strange... all that water...
“What is it, then?”
"Go. Get out. I want to talk to Bob alone now."
“He’s not my friend, John! I told you, he was just –“
There was no mention of the riot that had happened only a week before.
seen Harry happy?
He reached out with his large hand and laid it on the side of my neck just as he used to when he wanted to kiss me. I could feel his fingers flex lightly. Just as it had done then, his hand distracted me completely from my impatience and indignation. I closed my eyes remembering what it had felt like to be so loved.
Sherlock scoffed.
“Yes?” I said, expecting to hear him say ‘I love you.’
“Shane will be fine. He’s much more thoughtful than my husband was.”
When I heard him on the stairs, I sprang out of my chair full of nervous energy. I was already half-hard.
“What do people normally say?”
“Yes, fine. Get on with it!” Sherlock huffed, his excitement and desire sparking through their link.
“How about heroin?” I asked. “Cocaine.”
“Yeah, ok. Why bond with anyone?”
He heaved himself up off the couch, turned off the telly, and hobbled over to his violin. He should leave it with Mycroft so he wouldn't be tempted to hawk it for drugs money.
“Gun... Did Sherlock...?”
John decided early in the evening not to argue with Mummy. That didn’t mean he agreed or capitulated, he simply let her believe whatever she wanted. Which, stripped down to their essence, was:
Rex = Rex Mossop - Gossip
She continued to stare and I wondered if shock had completely taken her wits. Then she said, “Ok.”
“Do it.” Sherlock rasped. “Keep the wheelchair between you and him. And run when I say ‘run!’” He added in a whisper.
I wasn’t hungry, but the mess was the best place to discover who was who and how to make myself invaluable to Vinokourov. I was careful to queue with the smuggler and the up-and-comer – one is always judged by the company he keeps.
“We should talk to an agent tomorrow about finding our own flat. Mine’s not livable anymore – and I know you don’t want to go back there anyway. But we can’t stay here.” John laughed. “Mummy’s rubbing off on me, I’m making wild assumptions –
HAD loved him. Everything was different now. Whether Sherlock knew it yet or not.
“Bloody hell...”
Four minutes twenty-one seconds. And there was no sign yet that Shane might emerge. As long as John needed him, Sherlock would be here…but when John was well again, when his amputation had healed and his depression receded… how long would Sherlock be able to live like this? How many days? How many weeks could he watch the only person he had ever loved love someone else? The whole thing made him feel ill.
John held me for a long minute. I knew he was going over and over it in his mind, trying to find the out that I couldn’t find. He slumped a little and I knew he’d realised there was no way out of this. No way that kept us both breathing. Presuming I could survive infiltrating Moriarty’s organization.
“All eliminated?” Sherlock asked.
“Promise me.”
Worse, he could feel his traitorous body responding to her. He had never loathed his biology as much as he did in that moment – her scent was repugnant, damp leather and loam. And she was married – not bonded, married – and had a child, a gambling habit and rampant debt. She was hardly better than the Alpha his family had chosen for him to bond with, the one he’d fled the security of Sherrinford to avoid.
“Stop it now.” John said, sounding reluctant but firm. “Stop.” He stepped away from me and it took everything I had not to follow and wrap my arms around him again.
“Her brothers… I can’t imagine it’s pleasant living with them.”
There was a giddiness to my thoughts that I recognized was potentially dangerous, a tang of hysteria. Simultaneously my brain exulted in the knowledge that this man I loved so much was not dead, not lost to me irrevocably, AND half-believed I had been hallucinating.
"Shut up." Shane panted.
“Whatever makes you feel happy and loved – and safe…” Shane said. “… is a good thing, no matter what.”
John reached for his cup and managed to upset the table, splashing hot tea from his cup on the bed and tipping Mrs. Hudson’s teapot. John lunged for it, intending to catch it, with both hands…
"Where is he!?"
Sherlock realized he'd fallen on the broken wine glass. He could feel it cutting into his flesh in several places. He wiggled and rolled away from the table, John grabbed his hand and pulled him up. "Are you cut?" John asked.
As I caught my breath, I heard the smuggler laughing. I wasn’t happy to be providing his entertainment, but the fight would improve my status – if I won.
John,
“He really didn’t tell you?”
I looked up at him. “Yes.” I said.
John looked like he’d rather lose an arm than let Sherlock go off on his own in such a dangerous place. “Here.” He said finally, pulling his gun from the waistband at his back. He checked the clip, made sure the safety was on, then handed it grip first to his mate. “Take it. We’ve been to the range, I know you can handle it.”
How could Sherlock leave me?! He’d promised me! How could he leave me alone like this!? How could he!?
**Nob!**
"Why would I move out?" He asked. "Do you want me to move out?!"
John stroked his mate’s shoulder. “Can I help?
Sherlock was asleep.
“John... it’s ok...” I was miserable. John was angry with me, disappointed with me.
Sherlock shrugged – as if he didn’t care either way.
“That’s not sick. I felt pretty good WATCHING you take him out.”
“Yes.” He said, his arms still tight around me. His scent, clean and strong, filled my senses. “John?”
"He accepts it because he loves you."
“His soulmark.” Lestrade held up his fingers.
"You're still going through with it?" Sherlock asked. "Mummy's scheme."
The shame John had felt – his sister had to be kept safe from
“Ok.” He said. And grabbed Sherlock against his chest and kissed him. Sherlock’s erection rubbed against his own as their lips and tongues met – and John couldn’t wait one more second. He pushed Sherlock back down onto his back and grabbed the lube.
Sherlock pressed himself against John and kissed him and kissed him until their curries were getting cold. They took them to the couch and curled up together to eat and watch the news.
Mycroft tore the condom wrapper open with shaking hands. “Come here.”
I turned in his arms to face him. Sherlock’s hands trembling as they slid down my spine. I tilted my head back and he kissed my face. He was strong, his hands large – it was so strange! Until today, all my lovers had been soft and small. I’d been careful with them. Now I realised Sherlock would have to be careful with me... or maybe I didn’t want him to be careful. There was a vast appeal to the hints of raw, rough sex that we’d shared earlier. It was ... strange (that word again)... breaking the habits of a lifetime. But Sherlock’s bruising kisses were intoxicating.
Sherlock wanted to cry with frustration! But the ocean took his tears and they flowed away on currents as salty as the tears themselves ...
“I haven’t talked to him.”
Or maybe he'd watch the telly. Or maybe he'd just lie down and feel shitty.
“What do you mean?”
“I just thought….”
“No.” It hadn’t been easy. “But... it was moot, really.” I explained. “I was... passive... with Sarah and I had a terribly hard time. There’s no way I could have been the active partner with a woman... it just wouldn’t... work.” I contemplated the ginger biscuit in my hand. “I was only really pressed once. I implied I’d been... injured.”
Sherlock leaned closer, looking out the window to see if the hunter had noticed the ruckus – he must have. "Moriarty would have killed you – and others – if they didn't think I'd jumped."
“Fine. Great. But how is it your responsibility?!”
“The playroom, sir.”
"No, no... I appreciate you telling me... here we are." The cab had pulled up at the posh three-flat Sherlock had traced him to before. He had an unwelcome flash of memory – Shane kissing John's chest, his neck, his hands traveling over John's body, John's pleasure evident on his face... he banished the image to the garbage heap behind his memory palace.
"You know so much, do you have any idea why you don't have John? Why you'll never have him?"
Mycroft was pleading with me.
"Unsurprising considering Jones' other security measures." Sherlock remarked. He put his ear to the metal and twisted the dial.
"There's leftover curry in the fridge, if you want it." John immediately looked embarrassed that he'd said it. He was wearing a blue plaid shirt that Sherlock didn't recognize, under a caramel cardigan buttoned up – he was going out to dinner, Sherlock deduced, and meeting more than just Shane. Was that a good idea? He examined John more closely, the way he dawdled in the kitchen, the hesitation in his step... no, not a good idea at all.
Very suddenly the trail leveled out and Victor grabbed my arm. “This is the first overlook.” He shouted in my ear so I could hear him over the rain.
"He kept his chemistry equipment in the kitchen, ran experiments on that table right there. He had a skull on the mantle and his microscope over by the hall. I put his chair away, I couldn't stand to see it empty, but the rest of the furniture is pretty much as it was. I took over his bedroom, but it's not his bed."
“Still, this is very inconvenient.”
“It’s what Jim really wanted.” I continued cutting him off with a look. “Jim never cared about John or Mrs. Hudson. He cared about me.”
“Mrs. Hudson looks the same! Lestrade looks the same!”
The place setting is done! Next week, adventures in a whorehouse.
Damn the fever that had loosened my tongue! I'd never factored anything like it into my calculations. Without it I would still be secure, still know I had John's regard and friendship... now I had naught but worry and foolish, foolish hope...
John shifted his weight on the bed as he shifted his thoughts to our case. "Lady Anwen is lovely. Her brothers... bunch of rich wankers." I can see he's not finished. "Gereth might turn out ok. Or he might just be more charming than the other two. Interesting they presented a unified front against their father's marriage. Against Victor."
“Strange.”
"Where could I go, Seb, where your rifle scope couldn't find me?" Sherlock didn't bother opening his eyes, but he felt the little tremble in Moran's fingers when he said 'Seb.' "I've crawled down the drain after the tiger, running would be certain death. Do you think me that stupid? Would HE have been that stupid?"
John moved to Sherlock's chest and placed his hand on the sternum. He tried to put his left hand on top of his right...he stopped abruptly and swore floridly under his breath. He started compressions one handed, folding his left arm across his right to balance his weight over his single hand.
Sherlock sighed and pulled out his phone. "I hate having to ask for favors." He mumbled as he texted Mycroft. "There. That's taken care of. Now, a lab."
"Don't look at me like that." John snapped. "I don't want your pity."
"No one noticed? That's... incomprehensible. I know how hospitals are run... and I've had nurses and techs and therapists up my arse day and night."
He told me and we made plans and contingency plans. I was briefly and pleasantly reminded of my childhood when Mycroft would come home from University. We would sequester ourselves in his room and I would tell him everything I had observed since he was there last. Some things he'd have to explain to me - why Mr. Shepard followed the butcher's boy behind the shops after all his deliveries were made, for example, or what Miss Greene's knowingly arched eyebrow meant when she smiled at Mr. Bilby's attempts to be charming...
He woke up at half eight when a nurse came in to take John’s vitals – he hadn’t woken when John had been returned to the room, nor when John’s breakfast tray had been delivered. As he wiped the drool off his cheek, Sherlock assessed John. He was polite to the nurse but not friendly. He smiled grimly when she checked his urine output and adjusted his I.V. He asked only one question.
“Sex, John! When we have sex, it stops my brain. It’s the only thing – short of opiates – that’s done that.”
Seb Moran took it, but he didn’t do anything so formal as shake – he held my hand, his fingers caressing intimately. “John.” He said, smiling at me.
“You were thinking it.”
"I'M going to kill John." Angus asserted. "You can't save him this time – you're already dead, Sherlock."
Mrs. Hudson stood in the center of the room, her eyes round and scared. Mary stood next to her. She was shorter than Mrs. Hudson but held her arm in a crushing grip. In Mary’s other hand she held a gun pointed at Hudders’ ribcage, angled so that if she fired it would pierce Mrs. Hudson’s heart.
“Shezzer, your stay of execution is up tomorrow. Nazer here has applied for your execution to be postponed again. Do you have anything to say for yourself?”
Lestrade ducked his head. “Yeah. She manages.” He mumbled. “Anyway, I’d be curious to know if this is something all Omegas can do.”
I stopped myself from rolling my eyes. “Is that his photo?” I asked turning her phone so I could see. “That’s a good one – airdrop it to me.” She did and I checked my smartphone to make sure I’d gotten it. (Too bad I had to go on a date with the man for the cops to get almost exactly this!)
I forced myself to meet his gaze. “No?” I asked. I wondered if I could forgive him. I had been so lonely without him...
I pulled out abruptly, a long trail of saliva stretching between John's mouth and my prick as I leaned back. I huffed in frustration.
“John.” He said. “It’s time to go.”
"You're wrong. That's exactly what that means."
“You should have killed yourself.” Mary cried, shoving the gun against Mrs. Hudson’s ribs with brutal force. “Two years ago! You should have killed yourself and you shouldn’t have killed Jim. Now you’re going to watch your friends die. And then I’m going to kill you.”
That realization put him in full tantrum mode.
Shane nodded and sat back but he still had that tragic look on his face.
“Your mums are waiting for you, Molly. We’ll call them as soon as we’re out of here. “Are you hurt?”
“It doesn’t matter. Anywhere.”
And this wasn't really Sherlock's home anymore, no matter how 'at home' he felt. He had forfeited his right to call it home when he'd left on his two-year jaunt through Moriarty’s gang, heroin dens and rehab.
I had thrown off the blankets as I slept, Sherlock’s body pressed against my side making their warmth superfluous. I watched his slow, even breathing for a few minutes, then eased myself out of bed carefully – I didn’t want to wake him, he got little enough sleep.
, Lestrade!”
I did what he said and went into his room, trying not to betray my stiff muscles. I saw how sharply he observed me, but he simply poured me a cup of coffee and urged me to sit.
She laughed – and attacked!
“Write the letter that you will give to John – part explanation, part apology, part love letter.”
Shane came up behind John and wrapped his arms around him loosely and kissed his cheek. “How did it go?” He asked. “I was worried when you didn't answer your phone.”
For a moment, I even believed him. I was that idiotic.
"This is delicious!" I told him around a mouthful of frittata. "Why haven't you made this before?"
“Sherlock?”
Lestrade sat up and yanked Mycroft’s hips onto his lap, pounding into him. He took Mycroft’s cock in hand and jacked it along with his thrusts. He changed his rhythm, executing a slow, sleazy grind with his hips — then fucked hard and fast again.
The Alpha looked ready to protest, but he was in the room and locking the door behind him before it reached his lips. He turned, panting shallowly, to Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes were red-rimmed and bloodshot and he was deathly pale — Lestrade knew Mycroft had to have noticed, but he was putting on quite the show of nothing-to-see-here. Lestrade was glad — he still hoped John might be ok. Thus, when Sherlock opened his mouth to argue, Lestrade intervened.
“What?”
“You’re very sweet.”
Mummy sighed. “You’ll make a good parent, Mycroft. God knows you’ve had enough practice.”
"You are. YOU will feel differently about yourself for a while, my feelings won't change. You are the love of my life, John. Deal with it."
John took a breath, his anger fading back to listlessness. "Sherlock, you have the power to hurt me. Hurt me more than I can stand. If I let you back into my life, I'm exposing myself to the possibility of being hurt again."
“Yes, Al?” Virginia asked.
"That way lies madness." John said. "Honestly, I was as relieved as I was disappointed. It wasn't until after you died that... that I came to understand how much I'd lost – we'd lost..."
John just stared at him. He looked serious. They both did. John looked down at the carton of Pad Thai. His reviving mood sank again. How was he supposed to take a portion of the bloody Pad Thai with only one hand!?
Once on the copter, I realised – from the way the private shrunk from me in horror as I tended his wound – that not only was my assault rifle slippery with gore, but I was as well. The front of my kit, and I noticed later, my face, was splattered with blood and brain matter. Even so, my only emotion was a barely restrained panic to get to Sherlock’s side.
"It's not Shane." John said.
Moran hooked his fingers under Sherlock’s waistband and tugged down his trousers and pants roughly. It hurt as the fabric scraped across his privates and he moaned. Moran took that as encouragement and squeezed one of his buttocks aggressively.
Shane looked ashamed, but he also looked panic-stricken. He was sweaty, his breathing shallow, his eyes darted back and forth looking for escape. He took a deep breath, squared his shoulders unconvincingly and walked past Sherlock into the building. "Lead the way." He said.
“I knew it!” She said. “Well, I didn’t know, but I hoped. Oh, how I hoped!”
"Leg cramps?" Sherlock asked.
“No. God, no. He can take care of himself. We were trying to help out a whole group of Omegas. They were being held – well it was awful. I got in a fight with an Alpha who wanted to keep them there. And a Beta... he shot me.”
“Not all your captors were killed during your rescue. We’ve been ...talking... with the survivors.”
“Oh yes. I was able to examine her corpse as well and again found an errant needle stick. They were both killed, I just need to discover how. And by whom.”
“Take a look.” Sherlock pulled a spyglass from the pocket of his beige trench coat. He stepped to the cleared area in front of the windows and extended the spyglass. He adjusted the focus, scanning back and forth. “There!” He said, gesturing at me to join him.
"Is he there!?" A voice - not John's - demanded, talking over Sherlock. "Goddammit, is he there?!"
“Anwen’ll be up with soup in a minute.” He said, his eyes lingering on Sherlock’s thin form. “If you need anything, John, just yell.”
“How did you get this?” She asked.
Then he deleted the text.
He glanced into John's room. Shane was sitting on the bed – in the same place Sherlock had sat when John kissed him – with his forehead pressed against John's, their arms around each other. He could hear them speaking softly. Shane knew how to give John what he needed. Sherlock had never felt so ambivalent – truly grateful that John had someone so good for him on one hand, insane with jealousy on the other.
“Sorry!” She said. “It’s just… you… you were the first.” The girl stuttered.
"On the kitchen table - next to his laptop and a half-drunk cup of tea. Is this his stalker? Did he do something to John?!"
“I’m, erm.... trying to make this easier for you...”
I was curious about Victor. What sort of man was he? He had thought me beautiful and he had loved me… beyond that I had only vague memories of his ambitions and plans. At thirteen I had been consumed by chemistry – I was determined to learn all there was to know – I was already reading University level texts and working with tutors. I remember Victor’s indulgent smiles when I tried to explain at length about my latest experiment…
"But you're both with John."
Sherlock wasted no time, using Lestrade’s shoulder as a handhold, he stepped onto his hands — it hurt and the bugger was heavy! Lestrade lifted up with all his strength, praying that the wanker knew what he was doing...
I told Lady Anwen that I was certain that Sherlock would want to talk to Owen Hughes. She agreed and said she'd call him.
I felt his arousal now, pressing against my hip insistently, his pyjamas doing nothing to restrain it. I turned onto my side, facing him, nipping at his lips and chin. He captured my mouth with his and I surrendered to his kisses, his tongue masterful. I had had so many lovers through the years, but none had ever made me feel a fraction what John did with one stroke of his amazing tongue.
It was cold on the roof. We’d huddled together for warmth. For the second time in an hour, I had John’s body pressed against my own. It had been heaven. It had been torture.
She brought Molly with her. Several of the young people sobbed unashamedly to see mother and daughter Omegas together. That they might have
“So why didn’t you die?”
“A week!” John mutters under his breath, typing. He’s writing to his girlfriend. I take ugly satisfaction in knowing that he is canceling dates with her, that he won’t see her as long as we’re in Wales.
Then I left with Mycroft.
It was true, Sherlock hadn’t meant to tell me. And if I were honest, I was as surprised as he to discover how much I wanted to be with him. I turned back. His eyes pleaded with me.
John’s reverie was interrupted by the bell ringing – and then someone pounding on the street door. Before he had descended three stairs, Mrs. Hudson had opened the door and Dr. Mahon was in his front hallway.
“Outside of Brixton, yeah.”
Finally we reached the ground and the other passengers filed out. Free at last I walked into the lobby – and stopped short.
The weight on his hands dwindled and disappeared. Lestrade looked and saw Sherlock dangling from the ladder, trying to pull himself up.
“Problem?” I asked calmly, goading him.
Then Sherlock died and it was worse. Now there was NO chance that they could be together. John was riddled with regrets – they’d never talked about that kiss, they’d both just acted like it had never happened. But Sherlock had said “I can’t be distracted RIGHT NOW.” John wished he had asked what was so important then – he'd simply assumed it was Moriarty. Maybe if he'd asked he would have seen Sherlock’s depression, seen the suicide coming somehow. Helped him.
No, there was no way that Sherlock had knowingly left home without dousing himself in enough suppressant to get him wherever he had intended to go. Obviously, someone had tampered with Sherlock’s supply.
John was loath to let him go, but he yielded, backing up to give himself enough room to maneuver if Victor tried anything – Victor was taller and had thirty pounds of muscle on John, yet I was completely confident that John could handle him.
I shook my head. “Just drop it. Please.”
"That feels nice." John said, then began to cry. Sherlock could feel the great, gasping breaths shake his friend's body as his sorrow poured out.
“Yes, sir.” I turned in that direction, but the young soldier grabbed me. “You can’t, sir! The medical team is gone – you won’t make it to the yard alone! Even if you do, you won’t get there before the helicopter leaves. You have to come with us, sir.”
“Does that STILL bother you?”
“Er, no.” Lestrade sat back and rubbed his eyes. “Vaachaspati was picking him up, but...”
“I don’t want to!”
Shane walked up behind John and began massaging his shoulders. It felt wonderful.
Ignoring him, Lestrade began unloading the box he’d brought. “There’s orange juice — no digestion required, lots of sugar to fuel your brain. Bananas. Mrs Hudson made you a sandwich — she said it has that cheese you like — and she’s baking scones now. I’ll bring some down when they’re out of the oven. I’m afraid there’s no clotted cream, but there’s jam…”
"No!" John cried. "Get away from me!"
Every hair on John's body stood straight up – he could almost feel the electricity crackling across his skin. GBH poisoning! Suspicious circumstances!
Sherlock waited until they were in the lift before returning to John's bedside. "Probably better you don't eat if you're having surgery tomorrow." Sherlock said, cleaning up the takeaway.
John picked them up. "Yeah." He said feeling interest pricking his brain almost painfully. "I will." He opened the first folder. It was Tamara Krazinsky's. John started reading.
has certainly had its drawbacks.” Mycroft snapped.
"Of course you don't. We all have things we don't want. But you can't run away. I mean, you CAN, but trust me, it's better not to fake your death and run away."
It wasn’t a playful, lingering fuck as we were wont to do, he didn’t ride my cock, all hot and horny, or bend over the bed and wiggle his perfect arse. He didn’t joke about fucking me again – an experiment that hadn’t gone wrong, exactly, but hadn’t been quite right either. He was somber and intense, even a bit tearful as I brought him to orgasm with all the skill I could muster.
Sherlock turned the volume up on the telly.
Sherlock had ended up back in his hospital bed. John and Shane had gone with the police to make their statements, but Sherlock's doctors were still concerned about how the GBH might have exacerbated his concussion. And he'd managed to fracture his tibia when he fell. At first he'd thought his inability to walk was simply more lightheadedness, but the aching pain in his shin soon told him otherwise.
He sipped from his own mug. "So...." He said.
him desperately.
“I was so close! I could taste it. I was already planning how to surprise you, John, how to tell you it was over, that I was home for good.” I shifted uncomfortably. John hummed softly and began petting my stubbly head. It was calming despite what I had to tell him. What I had to relive.
“Go away, John.” He said. He was pacing by the window and (!) smoking.
It was an expression I recognized, but I was beginning to think I'd misinterpreted it for years. I'd thought it was Sherlock's discomfort with being touched – but knowing now that he was a sexual being, and that he was attracted to me, his guarded look took on new dimensions. I wanted to find out what was under it, banish that careful self-censorship, that fear. Unearth the joy and unabashed wonder of being in love.
“Possible but not probable. Look at the dust – all the footprints go to that door which is, obviously, an employee lounge and office... I should look through the office. There could be information on Moriarty…”
I felt open, maybe, to all the possibilities.
Sherlock kissed me hard and palmed my cock through my jeans, the pressure divine. I moaned, letting him grope me. Then my fingers found the raised scar over his ear, traced it. I pulled back from our kiss. “Wait.” I said, pressing my hips into his hand despite myself. “Sherlock... we should –“
John gazed at me for a long moment. “Tell me what to do.” He said. I felt confused – do about what? “You look... haunted, Sherlock. Tell me what to do to help you.”
"Excuse me?" I asked, standing up abruptly.
This required Greg to play rugby.
She set about heating the water in a portable electric kettle she’d brought and spooning tea into her teapot. When the kettle boiled, she poured it into the pot and let it steep.
But trying to imagine NEVER kissing Sherlock again, never touching him like this, never waking up beside him again seemed equally impossible. More, never drinking tea with Sherlock again, taking clients, going out together to investigate, sitting together quietly, reading or watching telly... John had missed it all so much.
"You don't mind, do you?" John asked.
“Stop!” John interrupted us. “Stop talking about me like I’m not standing right here!” John eyed us both. “Get out, Mycroft. Close the door.”
John pulled and tape tore painfully from Sherlock's cheeks. He took hold of the thing – Sherlock could feel the pressure of John's grip all the way down his throat. Then John grunted in frustration and shifted his position – his left hand, he'd wanted to use both his hands, forgetting he now had only one. Don't give up! Sherlock pleaded silently.
The nurse scoffed impatiently. Then he laughed, seemingly amused by Sherlock’s weakness. He was easy for Sherlock to read – transparent – Church thought he would have no difficulties in disposing of the wounded detective. He assumed Sherlock would be easy to kill in his current state. And frankly, he was right.
“Smells like mud. What does yours smell like?”
"Yeah. Your sister has questions she would like answered."
“I’m not.” I took a deep breath. “But to be fair, I’m not exactly straight either.”
"My alpha has needs." Shane purred.
Lestrade turned to the other man, meeting his eyes with a smoldering gaze. “Slightly better chance that I won’t spend Christmas morning alone this year.”
“Yes.” I said. “Oh yes! In my room.” I kissed him again, squeezing his cock. “In my room.”
John’s smile felt more like a grimace. “Yeah. Thanks.”
"Yes. And you've expressed your fear to me that you wouldn't be able to do that any longer."
John turned towards the American but Alfred bumped into him as he attempted to scuttle for cover, Molly clutched against his thin chest. Thus, John was off balance when he spotted the Alpha. She was tall and sturdy in her white doctor’s coat and her scent was virile – horse sweat and leather saddles. John ducked behind a curtain, pulling Alfred and Molly with him, as her gaze swept his way, but the group of crying Omegas fleeing towards the back stairs had her attention.
“No, Moriarty IS dead. But his organization... it has to be dismantled.”
“Did you enjoy it?” I asked.
I scoffed. "Of course not. But sometimes it's... useful. Otherwise I ignore him." I winked at the kid and left.
^^^Good. I love you too! And I miss you. Please tell me why I’m standing out in the hall instead of holding your hand right now.^^^
Sherlock displayed his empty hands. "No, as I said, I'm trying to work out how a man can be dead at least six hours in a critical care unit before anyone notices. That's rather alarming, is it not?"
“Erm, I’m going to get going.” Shane said. Sherlock blinked – he’d forgotten the other man was still there. “Just going to say goodbye to John.”
-warnings against spoiling Sherlock – if you gave him an inch, he took a mile
"Hit his head? On what?" The nurse asked holding up his hands and punching an imaginary foe.
- When will you get back? I have a surprise for you. -
I nodded, that was good. But it didn’t make me feel better. I was battered and sick and so very, very tired.
Sherlock stared at Lestrade’s cheek for a long moment, then turned away. “It’s
"He wasn't that sick!" The woman was insisting. "The doctor said he was recovering! He was going to be moved out of critical care today! He was coming home soon! He shouldn't be dead! He was getting better! "
After rinsing, John repeated the process with conditioner.
"Yes. Respectable. Not the sort who would ever darken the door of an Omega brothel. That's what this is for." Mycroft held up the envelope. "The first of several tests to weed out the unworthy."
Without thinking, Shane stepped out from behind the door, yanked the pistol from Moran’s trousers, flicked off the safety and fired.
“You know I’m not.”
He moved out of the pensioners' hotel and into the artists' garret bolt hole. With the heat and electricity turned on and a real bed, it was quite cozy. His disguise was only paint splattered jeans and t-shirts and a green stocking cap, otherwise he looked like himself, black curls, blue eyes and all. He wore a peacoat with the collar up and a modest jumper that reminded him of John.
Mycroft could groom the Watson offspring... she wondered if she could convince Watson to hyphenate the children’s name. Holmes-Watson could be a lesser but useful off-shoot of the Holmes clan...
It seemed to take forever for the police to arrive. I stood over Gereth in the center of the hedge maze, holding the gun on him as he stirred and ultimately sat up.
"I'll call and see when he can come out."
Maybe the PrEP was part of a case – posing as a patient or as a swinger...
“Run!” She whispered. “Boss, go!” Lestrade watched the awareness, the personality, drain from her eyes and she clutched at him, opening her mouth wide.
I was in hospital. The regular buzz and bip of machinery a counterpoint to Mycroft’s drone. I thought hard about how I had got here... and remembered the aeroplane, the young doctor. I’d been upset that I was still alive... no one should have to survive what I’d been through...
“You don’t want to hear about that.”
I laid on my bed and listened to him in the kitchen. Then I listened to him get ready and then I listened to him leave the flat, laboriously descending the stairs.
Sherlock’s hands caressed John’s chest. “I was tested in rehab – I’m clean. I’ve never shared needles. I’ve never been with anyone else. I want YOU.”
“Moriarty’s dead. Mycroft didn’t tell you? We found him on the roof after Sherlock... well...” Lestrade took a slug of his whisky. “We found Moriarty’s body. Single gunshot to the head.”
But Shane was here, John and Shane... Sherlock sank to the bottom and tried to still his shaking hands. He needed a hit, he needed to score, he needed the wonderful, glorious, soaring numbness in his veins...before he jumped...
“Lady Victoirine?” I suggested and a smile ghosted across Sherlock’s face.
"That's good." Shane said and pressed John back down onto the pillows. He picked up the condom and ripped the package open with his teeth. Sitting on John's thighs, he took hold of John's prick and kissed the weeping head, fellating it several times – eliciting a moan from John. Then Shane placed the condom where his kiss had fallen and rolled it expertly down the shaft.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is this your first, erm, heat with an Alpha?”
“Yes. Right.” Anwen said. “We’ll be in the library. Join us if you can, John.”
Alfred cuddled Molly and she melted into him, her face pressed in the notch between his neck and shoulder.
"Granddad?" Geraint scoffed. "Where do you think Selwyn gets it? He even looks like Granddad."
“Mummy!” Mycroft was shocked.
Sherlock sat back on his chair and watched John hide himself under the blankets, his good hand disappearing, his eyes closed.
“The good news is that your right hand does not seem to have sustained any lasting damage. The clumsiness you’re experiencing will pass. Your feet are doing well. You may have some lasting effects – cramping, varicose veins, the potential for deep vein thrombosis, things that are inevitable with compromised circulation – or your legs might fully recover as well. We’ll continue stimulating blood flow for now.”
"Mrs. Hudson?"
and that was thrilling! Because, Sherlock realised as he luxuriated in his Alpha’s emotive essence, he was not dangerous to
Mycroft looked at me sadly. “Mortally.” He repeated. “He’s dead, John. I’m sorry.” I felt his fingers on my face and jerked away, shocked. “Lestrade, has someone looked at his head?” Mycroft was staring down at me, his eyes hooded. “It looks bad.”
"Yes. Honestly the rowing was miserable. If it wasn't Dad and Selwyn it was Dad and Geraint. I even heard Dad going at it with Vic and they never fought. Maybe if I'd been here more..."
Halfway up the stairs I felt Sherlock's hands on my body, insistent, found my back pressed against the wall. He touched my cheek softly, his face close. He had that vulnerable look, the one that had convinced me he was serious before. I wouldn't fall for that again!
It would be so easy to ring the bell and go into the dealer's flat and buy an eight-ball. He could do a line or two right there in the flat and everything would feel RIGHT again. He would be the Sherlock that didn't have inappropriate feelings for his flat mate. The Sherlock that didn't care about anything but his work, about being right!
“No, it doesn’t spell it out – it should, but it doesn’t. But all indications point to her having had a baby.”
“Clearly.”
"Obviously." Sherlock replied, his eyes flicking over the other man. John wondered what Sherlock was seeing, what he was deducing. It couldn't be bad or he would have said so immediately, pressed whatever advantage he could.
With a latex glove, I opened one of the windows. It pushed out approximately 25 centimeters. This explained the angle of the shot – to avoid breaking a window in this building and attracting attention, he had worked out which flat he could shoot Jones from the small opening.
"I...I don't want you to catch this." I stuttered, pushing him away.
"Sherlock! Sherlock! Are you ok?"
“Anything?” Lestrade asked.
. Bill had convinced Ellen that he wanted to take John to a whorehouse for his birthday. Now she had to convince the bouncer to tell them where the Omega whorehouse was currently encamped – it moved often and required a contact like the bouncer to give them an address and a pass phrase to get in.
Before I could reply, a black saloon car pulled up next to us and the door opened. “It’s time, Sherlock.” Mycroft called from its depths.
They stood silently over the body.
Outside the tub, John wrapped a big towel around Sherlock and another round himself. Then he turned to the mirror. “I need to clean this out.” He said, prodding the angry scratches on his face. He produced a bottle of peroxide and cotton balls and winced as the peroxide bubbled in the wounds whilst Sherlock retrieved and applied his ointment.
“Keep watching.” Sherlock said checking his watch. The left window.”
Hands... unstrapping me....
She scooped up the cards. “We’re playing poker.” Staelich announced. She shuffled the cards expertly. I watched her hands, they were deceptively delicate – as was the rest of her. Staelich was petite and blonde and quite easy on the eyes, but I knew she wouldn’t be employed by Mycroft if she weren’t excellent at her job.
“You have before you the only person who could conceivably fill the void that Jim left and you decide to kill him?” Sherlock sighed. “I thought you’d be more interesting. But you’re just as boring as everyone else. What DID Jim see in you?” Sherlock gestured with irritation. “Get on with it then.”
“Who?” Mycroft, as usual, sounded dubious.
“I would have killed everyone in that prison for you. I just wish I’d gotten there sooner...”
“I’m sorry, Mary.”
Then he knocked on the adjoining door – softly in case I was asleep.
“Hi, it’s great to meet you. Erm, would you like to meet my mate? He’s just in here.”
"I know." John sighed. "I know. I forgot what it's like with him, the force of his personality. I thought my anger would insulate me. But it didn't." He stared out the window resolutely, grateful that Shane's arms held him so tightly. "I can't be around him, it's... too painful. He's... the same as he was... completely infuriating and...glorious... and I wanted him. I gave in because I wanted him. I REALLY wanted him. But it was goodbye. We both knew it."
“But I do.” Church growled. “It’s time.” He pulled a syringe from his pocket and flicked the cap off the needle.
“If you want to live to see John again, the first thing you need to know.” He whispered. “Is that they can
She nodded. “If you’re deployed, what happens to your Omega?”
I did as he bid, curling in on myself in misery. John brought me a cuppa then disappeared, returning with a blanket and pillow. He covered me then sat on the coffee table and pet my hair. I sighed, his hand felt good – as good as possible whilst still wanting to die.
“Sounds promising.”
“What were you doing out there?” I asked.
“YOU’RE depressed, Church.” Sherlock said. “That’s been obvious since the first moment I laid eyes on you. But you don’t take your own remedy?”
“Yeah... he couldn’t get John on the phone this morning — or you, for that matter.”
At least I’d taken the cigarettes. I should get rid of them somehow. I carried them downstairs… Anwen had said they’d be in the library. I would make our apologies and go back up. I went to the room she’d taken us to earlier and went in – and found myself alone with Victor.
“You… never said anything.”
Which was still true. I chose option four and took a bath. Where I brooded. John said we were together! John had rejected my kiss. John said I'd made a fool of him.
Shane raised his eyebrows in interest. “What’s your specialty?”
He took my hand and placed it on his groin, His cock was erect inside his trousers. I stroked it through the cloth. Then I unfastened them and pulled his cock out. It was glorious – brown and dark pink, already damp with arousal. I bent over and licked the salty tip. He moaned – I liked that! So I took the whole head in my mouth. His wasn't the first penis I'd touched, but I'd never fellated anyone before – I'd thought about it a lot, what it would feel like to have cock flesh in my mouth, pressing down my throat... I jacked him with one hand and sucked on him, bobbing to get him deeper. His hand found my head – I really liked that! And started to push my head down onto his cock. I let him fuck into my mouth from below, taking hold of his balls and pressing against them. Suddenly my mouth was full of bitter salt – he came in my mouth! I swallowed as much as I could, but it was dripping down my face when he pulled me up to kiss me.
“Wait... wait.” I said, slowing to a leisurely saw that left Sherlock breathless with want. “I need to see you. Turn over.” I pulled out entirely. His hole gaped prettily and I could have cum at the sight.
Sherlock looked up. “Three continents, John?!”
Shane nodded but looked mistrustful, his eyes bouncing between Sherlock and Moran, taking in their body language and coming to a conclusion that he plainly couldn’t quite believe.
“That all you got, little Alpha?” She teased. “I’ma eat you for lunch.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock moaned at the thought. “You’d put it in my mouth... shove it all the way down my throat.”
“Quit being an idiot.” John said. “Of course, I can’t see her anymore. Even if you don’t want to live together, even if you only want to see me during your heats, you are my mate, Sherlock. There’s no one else for me now.”
A new relationship starts to find its legs.
"Why not!"
“John... forgive me – not for... I know that’s unforgivable. Forgive me for not telling you right away... forgive me for wanting to keep it from you. I’m selfish ... I didn’t want you to think of me like that...”
Sherlock was studiously ignoring the fact that John was dressing to go out to dinner with Shane. Dinner and then most likely he'd stay the night. With Shane.
“No.” He said. “Tell me what the fuck is going on here.”
The police currently had an alert out for the Omega who had started the riot.
John wasn’t repentant. “My sister. A couple Alphas were bothering her.”
It was all new to me. I undertook to study it, to catalog the different sorts of quarrels we might have, how John reacted, how it made me feel.
“Someone would have to be very interesting indeed for me to even contemplate bringing him into my home!” It came out louder than I intended. “John...” I said in a softer tone. “I didn’t lie to you. I consider myself married to my work. Even if there were someone ...” I stopped myself. I was going to say, ‘he wouldn’t want to come second.’ But I didn't know any longer that John WOULD be second. He was so entwined with the work… and I loved him so dearly…
“Moriarty.” Sherlock confessed. “Soon he'll be finished with the games. I’m… I’m afraid of what he’ll do – what he’ll
John brought me a cuppa as the alert sounded for the second time. He picked up the phone and looked at her text. Then he put the phone in his pocket. He didn't answer her in front of me. I guessed that was the etiquette in these sorts of situations.
Jo had brought a standard body powered hook prosthetic for John to see. She had demonstrated how it worked then asked if he wanted to try it. "Just for a few minutes." She'd said. "When you've had more time to heal, I'll give you one to practice with every day.
"He gave me an address in Mayfair."
Mummy was so furious, she had slapped him, his cheek flaming red with her handprint. The boy had actually come at her! If Mycroft hadn’t gotten between them, Mummy would not have been responsible for what happened. A beating would have done wonders for the brat’s attitude – but no good came from getting physical with an Omega that close to his heat.
I slapped my arm. It turned pink, the track marks stinging. Finally I found a vein I could use in my wrist. I inserted the needle into the little vessel and pushed down the plunger. I untied my bicep and set the tubing and the syringe aside.
"He didn't have to I could see it in his face." John scoffed. "Of course he knows! One look at us together and he'd know." John sighed. "When you meet him – ignore everything he says. He was always a twat to my girlfriends."
If the tower is Sherlock and the dark walls and shadows his enemies, is John the happy, well-lit village surrounding the tower?
helping him.
“Maybe he feels guilty.” Mary said.
I deduced my seven roommates instantly:
“Bloody hell, Sherlock!” Lestrade had exclaimed after he’d used the butt of the bat to keep the fourth from biting his arm, shoving it into her mouth and kicking her to the ground before reversing the bat and crushing her skull. He wanted to yell at the idiot, but he kept his voice down — no use attracting more of the creatures. “I almost got bit.”
"You didn't get any samosas?" John demanded.
"I deleted the memories - I do that with extraneous trivia, move them out to make room for more important things. But I have nightmares... and it all comes back."
"Oh, you don't know him! I'm sure he hasn't lost any sleep over it. Probably wants to move back in like nothing happened. Like the last two years never happened!"
“I feel safe with you.” I told him.
Greg roared — and Mycroft tittered. He prodded Lestrade with his foot. Lestrade grabbed Mycroft’s thigh and pulled. Mycroft slid to the floor next to Lestrade with a thump.
He woke to voices. John was confused for a moment, unsure where he was, but the calm buzz of Sherlock’s emotions was comfortingly close, so he relaxed. He rubbed his stinging eyes and yawned and remembered Sherlock was running experiments on the first murder victim’s blood.
Still, he had to stop himself from getting up and making sure Sherlock was safe on the other side of the door. They had to learn to give each other privacy.
“It’s OK.” Sherlock told him. “We talked, Shane and I, and we came to an agreement.”
Sherlock smiled to himself – John cared! "No, not yet anyway."
The girl was dark-skinned and very slim, her hips narrow as a boy’s. She was completely hairless excepting eyebrows and lashes, her skull the dramatic oblong of an Egyptian queen. Her fingernails had been painted yellow. Except for her height, she looked painfully young.
Sherlock pouted. “But it felt so good. There must be a way.”
John had come directly from her to me.
"I can't stay here, John." He said. "You're doing better now, you don't need me here."
Lestrade was stockier, his body hair still mostly dark where his head had gone silver. He was broad-chested and thick-thighed with a trace of definition on his abdomen. His cock was thick and heavy, hot where it bumped against his belly.
“Yeah. Get down here.”
"You're reading the blog." He knew it was inevitable.
“What have you been eating?”
I touched his face and he looked up at me with uncomprehending eyes. “John?” His lips formed the word. His skin was grey and cold – he wasn't even shivering. This was bad.
“Oh no. Sherlock was special. I was going to bond with him. Not quite 18% of Omegas are male. And they have difficulty giving birth, you know. Well, of course you know, Sherlock. You’re your father’s son, after all. Male Omegas are the rarest of the rare. They’re nature’s most interesting perversion.
"What's this?" Shane held up the envelope.
“We’ll have that x-rayed in hospital.” She ran her fingers over the track marks on both my arms dictating more notes.
“Mm.” Sherlock said noncommittally, conveying how unconvincing Moran’s assurances were.
Sherlock jacked my cock slowly. The pleasure took my breath away, left me gasping. He licked my neck, bit my pulse, then sucked on my flesh, worrying a love bite low on my throat. I thought briefly that I’d have to button up all the way tomorrow to hide it – then his thumb smeared the liquid leaking from my prick across the head and down the shaft and any thought other than Sherlock’s hands and Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock’s body moving under mine left my head completely.
“I ain’t done it!” The figure cried. “Lemme up, I ain’t done it.”
“No!” He put up his hands as if to ward me off. “No. Not now, John.”
"John... you don't understand..."
Sherlock felt a pang, a stab of pain so deep and sudden it took his breath away. Jealousy.
“Moriarty’s theorem applies the same principles to the economic markets, predicting what stocks will rise, which currencies will be strong and etc. Following the theorem allows the user to make investments that radically increase their wealth.”
"Yeah. Erm... no problem." John stuttered. "Take your time with it."
"I already had an established relationship with Shane when he came back. A good relationship. He can't expect me to drop Shane just because he says he loves me."
“She’s an Omega, yes?”
“You can’t go out now!” Lestrade insisted. “They’re everywhere! I barely made it here. And if you aren’t infected, you’ll be shot.” He showed the consulting detective his arm where a bullet had grazed, tearing the fabric of his coat. “They’re shooting everything that moves.”
I returned to Baker Street thirteen days later when Sherlock left hospital for rehab. Before he left, he invited me to go for a walk with him.
"No..." Sherlock's vision was blurring. He felt profoundly drunk. "Not John..." He pleaded. "Not John..."
“There’s more.” He said simply.
He thought about where he was going to live – staying in Baker Street was out of the question now. His garret in the artists' colony was on the sixth floor of a walk up – not great with a broken leg. He supposed he could take possession of Mycroft's spare bedroom, but he'd rather drive tacks into his gums – and after half a day with Mycroft, he would be.
Sherlock stopped sorting the vials and bottles and faced the policeman. “Were I to have children – and you
"Why?"
Sherlock turned – a nurse had entered and was looking at him with alarm and belligerence. "Trying to work out how a man could be in rigor mortis before anyone noticed he was dead." Sherlock said, demonstrating the corpse's stiffness by trying to lift the arm by the wrist.
The Omega knelt carefully next to the body. She had the injection sticks on the insides of her thighs and chafing where the heat harness would have pulled against her skin. Her teeth were white and perfect, her eyes a striking green.
Reluctantly, Sherlock left John.
Sherlock shook his head. "It doesn't matter. I can't see past you."
I walked home – despite my bloody hip. I was pissed enough, I was feeling no pain. I wanted to sober up.
I gave the tiny flat another quick once over, and only then put the safety back on my gun. I retrieved Sherlock from the stairwell and brought him into the flat, locking the door after us. “What now?” I asked. “We wait for him to come back?”
“Give me a cigarette.” Sherlock demanded. “I need one if I have to listen to you.”
Mariah: It’s not fair that you’re standing me up tonight. AGAIN! John, this is the third time. We’ve only been going out for four months. I’m sorry I’m making a big deal out of it this time, but it’s becoming a pattern. It IS a big deal.
“Only four?”
“What is it then?”
“We’ll find out when we get there.”
I followed Ianto into the coat room. One of the boys’ boots fit and I put them on. Ianto handed me a bright orange coat. “It’s waterproof.” He said. “Heavier ‘an fuck, but you’ll be warm and relatively dry.” I zipped it up and we clambered into the servants' hall. Victor was ready and waiting. He handed me a torch and a walking stick.
Sherlock was more complicated. John went with him to the tiny place he’d been living in Montague Street and was surprised to find a rather handsome young Beta living there.
Sherlock stirred a red liquid in a beaker. “Not here. I haven’t told him, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
"Mm hmm. You are distracted by your feelings for John because you DO want a physical relationship with him."
That furrowed the younger man’s pale brow. “Show me.” He demanded.
“Yeah.” They shared a complex mix of feelings – reassurance, need, frustration, desire, impatience, caring, all overlaid with John’s exhaustion. “Maybe… maybe you should wank and let me watch.”
I turned another corner and met a wall of shrubbery. A dead end. Perseverating on Sherlock and Victor wasn't getting me out of this blasted hedge maze. I'd been in here a half hour already. I checked my phone again, but there was no signal in the maze.
“John! You’re looking great.”
“You should fuck ME.” John said. “Sherlock.”
John crouched down by the girl’s shoulder and carefully pulled the plastic sheeting back from her skin. He leaned over her an inhaled. “Mgh. I smell garbage. This place is too rank.”
I didn’t want Greg. I wanted Sherlock.
Sherlock cut him off, filling the space between them and Church with words. “I don’t want to own John, guard him jealously, suspicious of every look or word... I want him to be with me because that’s where HE wants to be.”
I hesitated then pulled Sherlock’s aubergine shirt from the rack and held it out to Mycroft. He took it. “Shoes.” He said. I picked up his best pair and then pulled aubergine socks from the drawer and tucked them into one of the shoes.
“Or growing donor organs for transplant.” Mycroft offered. “Although that’s unlikely as the infants appear to have been bred for intelligence as well as hardiness.”
"No. The concussion, I guess."
“I am.” I agreed. “Yeah.” Mary tutted as she put her phone away. “So, erm, did you find the note?” I prompted.
“I do.” I agreed and kissed him. It was slow and very sweet and if I had let it continue I wouldn’t have been fit to be seen in public.
But no one hesitated. An agile soldier tossed a grappling hook over the wall then climbed the attached rope with stunning speed. At the top he draped a thick mat over the razor wire. He tossed the grappling hook to the ground, where another soldier collected and stowed it in her pack, then anchored a ladder to the lip of the wall and unrolled it. He disappeared over the wall. One by one we climbed the ladder, stepped over the mat-covered razor wire and climbed down an identical ladder on the other side.
But Mary smiled at me kindly. “John... I recently ended a relationship and I’m not in the market –“
“Yeah.” I didn’t elaborate.
I didn't look at the feed yet – I waited for the second set of footsteps to approach. He went directly to the guest room and pulled the door closed behind him. Then I pulled out my iPhone and held it out where John and I could see it.
"We can't? Seems like a lot of trouble just to keep someone from getting 50,000 quid."
“Good. That will work. I presume Mycroft has disappeared Harry as well?”
“Let me through. He’s my friend!”
“Yes.” And Sherlock told him a short version of how Shane and Dusette had killed Moran while Sherlock was shackled in the center of the room.
John rolled over, pressed himself against Shane and fell back asleep.
"Have you been in the dungeon? It's under the house."
The latter was the only one apt to be any sort of challenge.
you trusted me. Was I wrong? Do you want to exercise your guardianship... should I just stay home when you can't accompany me? Should I stay home all the time? Have a couple babies, have dinner on the table every night!? Die from bloody boredom?!"
The other thing I can’t stop blaming myself for is how easily I believed his lies. Or specifically the lie he told to make me leave St. Barts without him.
"Is that necessary? He's just a kid." I reminded him.
I hobbled back to my own room, stretching out my sore muscles and walked through a hot shower. It didn't do much for my headache but I shaved and dressed anyway. I was buttoning my shirt when there was a knock on my bedroom door.
Shane gently pulled John into his arms. “It’s not your fault, John.”
"I wasn't sure it was the same bloke – he's supposed to have died, I thought."
“No... just... just a minute...”
"As were quite a few smaller bequests. We can't discount those."
His hand moved from my shoulder to fist in my hair again, yanking my head up off the table. He pulled my hair viciously and resumed jackhammering in earnest. I could hear him panting – or maybe that was me.
“And where is ‘there’ exactly?”
Rosie was more interested in the shiny wrapping paper than the gift. Mummy, Father, Sherlock and John were all grinning foolishly.
“You can’t tell me you aren’t jealous of this one?!” The nurse gestured at Shane. Sherlock glanced at him, then wished he hadn't – Shane was regarding him with unrestrained pity.
“You might prefer to be alone...”
“Maybe you’re doing it wrong.” John suggested.
had to talk to the headmaster on the phone. Then I had to sit down and wait for Tamsin to come to the school before they would even start looking!”
"Just say it!" Sherlock said miserably. "It's over, it's difficult, you're sorry, whatever... get on with it so I can get off this bloody couch."
“I don’t want to think that. Before I saw this will, I would have said absolutely not. But now... I don’t know what to think.”
Shane was quiet for a moment, his face pressed into John's hair. "John, I don't think I can be part of some arrangement where you sleep with both of us. That generally doesn't bother me, but this is different."
"Am I cramping your style, Sherlock?" John's growing anger was palpable. "Is it harder to pick up strangers in the Underground with me around? Did I get in the way of an assignation with Officer Vaachaspati?!" John slammed his mug down on the table, splashing milky tea.
My cock had been interested before, now it sprang fully to life, red and rude and very ready. Sherlock did not hesitate...
Three more medical personnel ran into the room. One, with a brisk, "step back, sir," took over chest compressions and John sagged gratefully into a corner. The first nurse was prepping Sherlock for intubation and a doctor was pulling over a crash cart that the fourth had rolled in.
“Coffee’s fine.” Sherlock said without looking up from his microscope.
"Eight? Aren't there nine other than John?"
And he wanted me!
Moran smiled down at John. "I didn't tell you my name." He said without pausing his jacking.
"Mike... Mike, I have to go. I'll tell John you called... yes, I'll tell him. He'll get in touch when he's feeling up to it.... OK... bye."
I'd found what I was looking for in Brighton. "As soon as I finish this email."
I breathed a sigh of relief. A weight lifted from my heart - I hadn't realised how worried for him I had been. "And?" I asked. "You're having her tailed? What have you discovered?"
“I do.” Sherlock admitted, finally looking me in the eyes. “I do. And I want you with me. But THEY WILL KNOW! John, what you have to do is so much harder. You HAVE to stay home.”
“He did not.” Mycroft snapped. I stared, surprised at his vehemence. “John.” He said in a softer tone. “Don’t take this personally. Sherlock was very happy to see you. He loves you very much. But he’s... upset. Understandably upset.”
John felt his cockhead breach and Oh God it felt AMAZING without a condom. He wanted to shove in and start thrusting immediately.
"I can walk to the chair." John said.
“I thought... bonding made their scent pure... but if it doesn’t... who can I bond with? Who can any of us?” Alfred despaired.
Plus, some much needed smut.
Sherlock sat next to me, his long legs extending spiderishly, and I saw again how gaunt he’d become.
"Thank you." Sherlock said dismissively and swept out of the room. He retreated down the hall and thought about what to do. He could text Lestrade – but the inspector didn't know Sherlock was back, or alive even. With John injured, this wasn't the time to announce his return.
“I was shot.” John said darkly.
John is so angry with Sherlock – how can he ever forgive him?
“Dr. Watson, John! Did you know Sherlock was suicidal?”
Sherlock was miserable.
What must it be like in Sherlock's head? What must it be like to see so much all the time? To know so much about everyone with a glance –the good, the bad, the distasteful. His brilliance made him different from other people – he must have developed defenses against information overload... defenses that included turning off his own emotions, never letting anyone in. Never getting close.
“It’s not funny.” I protested. “John, you’ve never been with a man. Not once. Not in the army, not when you were a kid... what am I supposed to think.”
James Moriarty was acceptable, Mummy supposed. He had made a name for himself in academic circles. He had a modest amount of wealth and somewhat less modest connections in the business and financial world that could benefit the Holmes interests. He was intelligent and well spoken, knowledgeable about the Holmes family and businesses. He didn’t simper and try to flatter her, nor did he talk down to her. Over drinks, Moriarty explained his predictive economic theorem – for forecasting markets, it was how he had made his millions – and she found herself fascinated and impressed. She could picture her Jean-Claude sitting at the table enjoying the conversation with her, feeling the warm hum of his approval through their link. Though Moriarty was not a conventional choice, the very unexpectedness of it would turn heads. Yes, Mummy decided, James Moriarty would be a strategic addition to the Holmes clan. She gave her permission.
"Yeah. Is he with you?"
I was hot, sweating with adrenaline and arousal. John was magnificent! Amazing! We’d have to use the zip ties again in a more intimate moment. The thought of John binding my wrists and using his strength and weight to force me down woke my cock up thoroughly.
She read this letter several times and then nodded. “Better.” She said. “This time I want you to tell him WHY you love him. What made you fall for him? Explain that."
"I love him... I love John so much... he doesn't want me..."
"And what are YOU going to do?" Shane asked.
"Just go!” He said, on the verge of shouting. Then softly: "Please, John."
Of Cam Magnussen there was little to say. Lestrade said he had no form. There was no reason to be suspicious of him other than his association with Moran. Lestrade had no excuse to watch him and lacked the manpower even if he did.
Thusly I tortured myself. Perhaps if I’d had more experience with love relationships, I wouldn’t have assumed all was lost. Perhaps if John had some history of being with men, I wouldn’t have felt so insecure. But as it was, I spent the afternoon in hell.
Victor looked like he wasn’t certain he believed me. “Drink?” He asked, holding up the bottle.
“Some kind of clothing?”
But Sherlock had been held hostage. He had been kidnapped, taken forcibly. He had been beaten and tortured. He had been raped – gang raped almost certainly. Possibly more than once. He had been injected with heroin against his will, addicted to a drug he had tried so hard to put behind him.
"Is it? Why are you laughing at me then?"
I met Anwen in the servant's hall, shushing her before she could speak. I held out my phone and showed her the live video feed, muted, of Victor and Gereth snogging and petting on the guest room bed.
She turned more toward him, opening her posture. Her grip on Mrs. Hudson loosened infinitesimally and she lowered the gun almost three inches. “John–”
“I never told you about...”
I was relieved when the door swung open. “Seb!” Mary cried, embracing the man. He was tall, blonde and athletic, wearing a bespoke suit that reminded me achingly of Sherlock.
“Oh, fuck no!” Sherlock gasped. Lestrade felt Mycroft’s attention — and his own — snap back to his brother.
Was Marcas Moriarty, I wondered? I was reserving judgment for now. “He sounds... singular.”
Sherlock shrugged "Maybe if you drank it. Spraying it on should have no effect on erectile function." He scoffed at the policeman's continued hesitation. "I've used it already." He spread his arms wide to show the lack of effect.
"You had the BEST pickup line I've ever heard." Ravi said. "Our eyes met and you walked over and said 'I can suck your cock better than your boyfriend.' So I took you home. And you did." Ravi winked at me again. "It was a pleasure to meet you Doctor Watson. Sherlock." He nodded at me and strolled away.
"No. It just looks terrible."
“Wow.. (ahem)… those drinks were stronger than I realized.” John said, when they were out on the pavement. He blinked a few times. “I think I’m going to walk a bit, try to clear my head.”
Sherlock did as I bid, disappearing under the cluttered black desk.
, little Johnny snarling and fighting the other Alphas, trying to defend his sister’s honour. Such a good brother. Too bad it didn’t make a difference in the end.”
He heard Lestrade breathing, groping around. “Erm... ouch! Bloody hell! ... er... Bill started a fight... I was trying to stay out of it... don’t like Alphas touching me... oohh...” He swallowed audibly. “Police came in the front... broke down the door... there was an alarm... bloody deafening alarm...” Lestrade panted. “Is there water?” He asked.
"No. I know he had something in mind for this evening, I'll ask him about it."
"No." Sherlock said with a self-deprecating smirk. "The Inspector will have to bring back the blow torch. We're done here. Lestrade!"
"So this is... goodbye?"
“I didn’t agree! I can leave everything else behind, I can even leave him behind, but not without telling him why. He deserves that!”
It was maddening.
"Yes. You will." He still held my arm, his grip firm and controlling. I shivered with desire, not certain I could escape his hold if I tried.
The big Alpha jerked him forward, pulling him more tightly against his body. Sherlock retched again and strove to pull the gun, still in his pocket, to bear. His coat hindered him, and he thrashed in the Alpha’s grip, crying out from the pain radiating from his shoulder. The Alpha’s arms started to close about him, pinning his right arm at his side.
you want to live together? I honestly can’t imagine living without you, but it’s your decision, Sherlock.”
A wealthy drug addict had been to a posh rehab facility in Scotland. She claimed to have seen Sherlock several times. "The staff kept him hidden most of the time." She was quoted as saying. "He had a private room and he took all his meals there. But I saw him in the passage when he went to counseling. And once I saw him walking in the garden. I said, 'hello' and he said 'No, shut-up. I don't have time for idiots right now.' and walked away. He was quite rude, just like in the blog."
John was going to cum. He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s prick and jacked it along with the slapping, slamming intercourse. For a moment he was suspended, they both were, over the waterfall. Then they plunged in together.
“You don’t need to pop out a couple Alphas for the team?” Lestrade teased.
Bob had leaned forward. "John, Shane is right, no one should expect you to make any big decisions right now. Let yourself off the hook. You didn't create this situation, maybe it's not something that you have to resolve."
“The girl was drowned in a swimming pool.” Lestrade said. “The water in her lungs was chlorinated and there was chlorine dried on her skin and hair. What do you want to bet we’ll find the same in his?”
"Hey, Babe." Shane said and leaned in to kiss John. John turned his face towards his boyfriend and gave him a real kiss. He saw it surprised Shane. And it pleased him. "Feeling a little better." He pulled up the other chair and picked up a sandwich. Shane looked at John and then Sherlock. "Aren't you eating?" He asked.
If he was Moriarty... it shone a whole new light on Seb Moran. If they were lovers, he HAD to blame Sherlock for Moriarty’s death. (He and Mary both.) Moran would be obsessed with making certain Sherlock was truly dead. He was surely still watching me, even two years later.
Sherlock obeyed, flashing an excited grin. I took a second to appreciate his backside as it was presented to me – his elbows on the bed, head dropped down between them and his legs spread lewdly. Sherlock’s body was sleekly muscular and very lean, his arse was narrow, but attractively round and inviting. His skin was ivory,  his bollocks dark pink and his entrance was a perfect pink bud.
I woke later to see John furiously texting. He didn't realise I was awake, he was so intent. He was sitting on the floor, his back against the sofa, I could see his phone – he was texting with Mariah. Of course he was. John was always texting with his girlfriend.
Shane came to stand by the head of John's bed – a bit territorially, John thought, amused. "Angus, this is my boyfriend, Shane Bruno. And the one over there brooding is Sherlock Holmes."
Dad also shouted at Mum. But he was different with Harry. He had as little to do with her as possible. He hadn’t liked John to have anything to do with her either. John had been his sister’s protector in public, but at home there had always been a distance.
They arrived at the vestibule where the tunnel met the lift. And the door to the dungeon.
"Let's get under, yeah?" John said.
"What a remarkable story." Sherlock said.
Sherlock felt more than heard John's sigh of relief – none of them were Molly.
“Not now, Sherlock.”  John said, but he squeezed Sherlock’s bicep with his hand whilst continuing to support him.
“You should call me ‘Greg.’” Lestrade answered.
I flopped into one of her chairs and covered my eyes with my hand wearily – Harry had long practice with knowing when I was lying. I hoped her hangover would dull this ability. Sticking as close to the truth as possible would help. “Yeah.” I said, carefully. “Something he left unfinished.”
"What did he say?"
Sherlock curled further into John’s sturdy arms, allowing himself to relax and revel in their bond. It was so tempting to believe it, believe it could be that simple – John would kill anyone who threatened them.
Sherlock reminisces about Victor. He tells John some of his secrets. Sherlock embarks on a journey.
“It’s a bloody maze down here!” It was Lestrade’s voice echoing off the piles of junk. “Where are you?”
“I do business with everyone.” The smuggler told me. “And I ain’t no pretty, foreign boy.”
John knew it was because she was an Omega, but he was hazy on why. As little sisters went, Harry was ok – she was cuddly and affectionate and she adored John, following him around the house with her bright smile and sweet scent. Mum would hug her and hold her and read them stories. When John was old enough, he read to her too. It was impossible not to smile when Harry snuggled up next to him.
Sherlock grumbled. “Did he get it?”
Being in heat isn't all fun and games.
"Of course. It makes perfect sense." Mycroft let the papers fall back into the envelope and resealed it.
"He's your friend."
Lestrade opened the other man’s mouth with his own and explored with darts of his tongue. Mycroft deepened the kiss and Lestrade allowed it, enjoying the taste of the other man. He let his hand wander lower, find its way under his coat, rake over a nipple, feel it stiffen through layers of wool and cotton.
“I’m not
“You’ve thought about leaving?!” I spoke softly, but I was fighting to hold back the warring panic and anger inside me.
“That’s not my name.”
"Indeed."
“Thank you.”
I try to reach out towards him… but I cannot. My limbs will not respond.
He’d kissed Victor many years ago, and John much more recently, of course. In-between he’d found it expedient to snog several people as a means to an end. Other than John – and to a lesser degree, Victor – he focused on technique, paying attention to his partner’s reactions and adjusting for optimum results. It was no different with Moran, except touching the man made Sherlock want to scream. He tried to channel his hatred and loathing into passion. They were all strong emotions.
A shriek pulled me from my reverie.
"Broke his tibia at some point. They put him in one of those boots that let you walk on it and he's walking on it too much, of course." Shane brought two bottles of beer to the couch and sat down next to John. "He's a little quieter than usual, maybe."
Even then I kept my promise to him. ‘He’s my friend,’ not ‘he’s my lover.’ ‘He’s my partner.’
"I'm not..."
“There.” He said. “Don’t you dare let my cum out.”
“Oh.” I was disappointed. It was a letdown to finally get here and have to wait even longer. “Minor? You’re certain?”
His words turned my stomach to ice. His leering expression made me ill – and so, so angry. He was close, too close, the blade whizzing dangerously through the air by my head. I twisted back again, but this time the blade caught me on the shoulder. Pain bloomed where it had sliced through my fatigues.
“Lestrade.” Sherlock told him, already up and buttoning his shirt. “There’s another one.
"Did she describe him?"
“Oh.”
I didn't have to think about it – it had struck me the moment I entered the room. "Sniper." I said.
“It’s good to meet you.” I said. He studied me closely like he was trying to remember where we'd met – and I recalled that Lady Anwen hadn’t told anyone that she’d asked us here.
"Sherlock, John has identified you as his main source of personal support." Bob said.
"That's a problem?"
John was relieved that Angus had changed the subject, lost the predatory grin. Had John imagined it? Or maybe it was just sex, it brought out the animal in some people... "Not very many people know Sherlock is back – he's still dead as far as the public is concerned. Some of the people he's closest to don't even know yet." John rubbed his face tiredly. "So don't, erm, call the press or anything. Sherlock needs to tell them before it's public. If he decides to stay."
"How did you do it while you were in hospital? Alternate nights?"
find her.” Sherlock said. “Give John your mobile number and go home – she may still turn up there.”
- Force me. -
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary smiled. She had a kind smile. An understanding smile. “Good.” She hesitated. “Listen... I’ve ruined your evening –“
Ravi smiled broadly. "No it was on the platform at Tottenham Court Road. Remember?"
John was in the hall sounding worried. Had Sherlock lost track of time? “Coming.” He answered. He opened the door and there was John with that soft, concerned look on his face, it broke Sherlock’s heart.
Sherlock made a disgusted noise and started striding towards him. Despite that, John felt through their link that his mate was delighted to see his brother. That was new.
I closed my eyes, a futile attempt to block my regrets.
"Ta, mate." John said, flexing his fingers in anger, sounding like he was doing anything but thanking the man. "Listen..." John stopped the tirade before it started. He turned to Shane instead, indicated Sherlock. "Shane, don't leave him, yeah? Keep him safe."
"Once he started to decompose, they would have sensed it, come en masse."
“I ‘eard you were bonded.” Bill said in an undertone to John. “You’re the last Alpha I thought would take a dinner plate.*”
We were quite the pair, John and I, at the train station. He was still bloodstained from ministering to Lady Anwen, and his limp was distinctly worse. My headache was back and my throat was painful and coated with disgusting mucous. I had developed a hacking cough and I still wore John’s blue jumper. My coat was still slightly damp.
The smuggler looked weary. “That what got you in here? You just another junkie? Yeah, I can get it.”
I was turned around again.
“This is it.” John announced. He mounted the stairs of a gimcrack Victorian monstrosity and knocked on the door. “I too love the sandwich.” He said to the tough looking Alpha female who opened the door.
"Wait." Her expression was baleful. "Dr. Watson – John – your friend, your closest companion, the person you are in love with – who you KNOW loved you too – you've LET him believe that you're dead?!" She was incredulous.
There was blood.
By the time I enlisted, I didn’t even think about it any more. As a captain, my rank demanded respect. But I didn’t rest on my rank, I earned their respect as a man and as a soldier.
“You work for me, English, ok.” The smuggler informed me one day. He’d been watching me for weeks.
Sherlock scanned the room. He could examine the body more closely in the morgue, he wouldn't get a better chance at the scene than now.
I left him soon after. Where was John? I needed John. He hadn’t answered my text. I hoped he’d be in my bedroom.
We arrived back at 221b Baker Street Wednesday afternoon no less exhausted for having slept most the way. John limped directly into the shower and I went to my room, stripped off and collapsed into bed. My head was pounding, my sinuses clogged, my lungs were heavy and I was developing a cough that raked across my raw throat like gravel. It was misery itself.
“We do now.” Virginia said releasing him. “It’s a delight to meet you, Sherlock.”
“Good.”
"Where are you going?" John asked me.
“I have to get used to kissing someone so tall.” I murmured, running my hands up under his shirt. He was lean, but (right now at least) he wasn’t too thin. His chest and back were hairless, I didn’t think he’d bother having it waxed, I assumed it was his natural state. I liked how he felt, so hard and unyielding, no hint of softness. His lack of breasts was... going to take getting used to. But the firm bar of his cock pressing into my hip felt good – and oddly, not strange at all.
John smiled. It felt strange on his face, but real. “I will.” He said.
"I don't know. I'll have to find work... there's a company outside Paris that might do." He smiled bitterly. "Have to polish up my French."
"He's still with Moran."
“Mary, you don’t have to thank me.”
John pushed in, filling me.
"Get off! Come on now." I'd tried to put her off without getting violent – it was harder than it should be. I would have no problem if a man had been threatening me, but I wasn't about to use hand-to-hand combat on my ex-girlfriend.
“Don’t joke, John.”
I saw the deep well of his vulnerability. He hoped. He YEARNED for my love. But he hardly dared to believe it.
"What are you smiling about?" John asked, stroking my hair. It was too short to fall anywhere close to my eyes, but he pushed it back from my forehead anyway.
“I’ll be gentle, I promise.” John pressed kisses against the Omega’s forehead. He tasted as sweet as he smelled.
“Yeah. She an Omega too. Lots o’ dead Omegas.”
"So did I." I said, pushing past him. "More fool me!"
“Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. How could he NOT have it after everything...” Mycroft had told me a bit of what the inmates we’d taken to Uzbekistan had said about Sherlock’s imprisonment. “It was nightmarish, what happened to him. He’s not just suffering physically.”
"John, you're limping. Are you sure you should..."
“Which is why you should stay as far away from him as possible, brother.”
was horrified.
"Good. He likes you."
John shifted slightly and the dull ache in his shoulder flared into life. He gasped softly and lay back. Despite the weirdness of the situation, John felt calm and relaxed. The scent of honey filled his senses. He turned his head, his chin brushing against dark locks.
Not bald Aleksander, give it to hairy Aleksander.” He said, handing me a small plastic bag that I was certain contained heroin. “Make sure he pays you! 2,000 tenge.”
“Erm, yeah.” John said. “We will.” He took the card, not bothering to look at it.
“Thank you. Thanks, yeah.” I rubbed my eyes tiredly. “The condition he was in... I won’t be easy until I see him.” His condition was appalling, some of what had been done to him, writ large on his skin. I didn’t want to think what all he’d suffered, what that might mean for his health – let alone his well-being – going forward. But I would be with him every step of the way.
Sherlock knew what to expect - he’d watched as Moran had cut the ropes binding John, he'd helped rinse the blood and vomit from his body, had carried him to a couch and helped him drink juice. Sherlock had seen the angry welts on John’s buttocks and bollock and on his cock. He knew what Sebastian Moran has done to him.
John wasn’t angry with me after all. I began to let go of my frustration (and my fear), focusing instead on his mouth against mine, his lips and tongue... the way his capable hands caressed my skin... the heat of his genitals pressed against my belly. My anxiety had made me soft, but I felt desire reawakening in my blood. I rubbed against him and John moaned into my mouth – a sound both needy and wanton and suddenly I was full hard again.
"So you're what? Jesus bloody Christ?" Shane taunted. "What's it like up there on the cross?" Shane walked around the table, invading Sherlock's personal space.
I fled. It was dark outside. I leaned against a tree, not ready to flag a cab, not ready to go home.
My body had betrayed me.
“Is it? I was afraid it wasn’t good. Or was… insulting.”
I hoped he was right.
"I'd rather you didn't."
“Mm. Right.” Shane handed John the carton of Pad Thai. “Don’t take it all, I want some.” He said.
Sherlock ran his fingers across John’s jeans, down the long outline of John’s cock. John groaned.
Sherlock paused a moment. “Wait here.” I admired his lithe form as he crossed the room and rummaged through the cabinets by the sink. Even too thin, his movements were elegant and his arse pert and shapely.
Sherlock caught sight of Angus – he should have something that would snag John's interest, at least for a time. He walked away from Shane towards the nurse.
“I know.” Sherlock said, his head resting on John’s shoulder, inhaling John’s scent. Joy coursed through him, throbbing and pulsing. He knew he should be wary, be careful to expect nothing and to not to hope for too much. He knew John was still angry with him, rightfully, and John was involved with someone else and it was a difficult situation for everyone and it was all Sherlock’s fault.
"Sounds... important."
Sherlock felt his orgasm become inevitable and he clung to the feeling, surfed it through the ocean of sensations until he wiped out, his climax rushing over him like a wave, pulling him under... his body clenched down hard, the pleasure washing through him tsunami-like in intensity. Every thrust against his Omega’s pearl caused another seismic tremor, another wave of pure physical joy. His limbs became weak and rubbery, and he collapsed onto his belly, moaning.
"I don't think so." Sherlock said. John's deft fingers probed his scalp, searching for a wound. "Ow!" He yelped.
I smirked, trying to imagine it.
“I’m so sorry, love. You’ve been out there all alone. I’m so sorry I wasn’t with you! I could kill Mycroft for sending you there alone – if I weren’t so bloody grateful right now that he got you out, that he brought you home.”
Sherlock looked out the window. "Unexpectedly."
"Nurse!" John panted. "We need to intubate! He's coded!" He continued counting out compressions.
New bondmates needed to spend at least a week together after their first heat – and sometimes as long as a month – not just to reinforce the bond, but because it was physically uncomfortable to be apart. John couldn’t imagine Sherlock’s family separating them, he couldn’t imagine
"Clearly I make mistakes. YOU wouldn't be standing in my kitchen haranguing me if I didn't."
"It feels... irresponsible."
John opened it and shook out the contents. There were photos, four of them: one with Sherlock and John on the street, hailing a cab; and three of Sherlock alone, one leaving Baker Street, one outside of St. Bart's and the third showed him entering a block of flats John didn't recognise. "Where's that?" He asked.
I made an impatient noise – wasn't it obvious?! "Clearly, I'm fine."
John stifled a giggle. It wasn’t funny. Gargoyles couldn't talk. It wasn't funny.
“However... it appears someone – most likely one of the guards – sold Sherlock out. He was seen last night in the prison cafeteria acting... subservient... to the gang elite. He appeared to have been tortured.”
“Where IS Shane?” John asked abruptly. “It’s going on ten a.m. – you said you came here together?”
I snorted with derision.
His words must have gotten through — Sherlock stopped struggling and focussed on him.
“John! I... I...”
John fumbled it open. Bless Shane! He stepped into pajama bottoms. But he couldn't tie the drawstring. Sherlock's arms wrapped around him, underneath his own arms, and tied it for him. Then the long arms closed and held him, Sherlock's body pressed against John's back. It hurt a little, all the bruises were tender, but it was comforting just the same.
“I’m a doctor. Both Mike and I – we met in medical school.”
"I want this - I want you!" I cried. "I do!" I pulled his hand to my erection. It strained against my pants in the open flies of my trousers, even as I shook with fear. "I need you!"
“Or?”
"Take me to bed." I moaned.
The kitchen was lit and coffee made.
Sherlock photographed it with his phone.
I was forced to shower and change into civvies in Uzbekistan before I was allowed on the plane to Rammstein that Mycroft had sent for me. And I forced myself to spend a grudging three minutes cleaning and bandaging the throbbing puncture in my shoulder. But once in Germany, I was ushered immediately into a waiting car without any bother with customs, and whisked to hospital.
Moran understood perfectly now, he understood that Sherlock was playing him, offering himself – his time and attention – in exchange for John’s safety. But he still wanted it. When Sherlock had said his name, the man’s eyes had dilated. Maybe Jim Moriarty had called him ‘Seb.’ Maybe Sebastian Moran had only wished that Jim would call him that.
I followed Sherlock into the bedroom. The futons and bedding had been stowed in the closet so the room was absolutely bare. All sign of the love we’d made in that room erased.
"It doesn't matter, he thinks I'm dead."
“What did he say?” I asked sharply.
“Mr. Sholto, I’ll help my sister any way I can, but I don’t make her decisions for her. She’s an adult. She doesn’t want to bond and I won’t force her.”
There he was! I could see him but he was still so far away! And the bad thing, the menacing presence, was close to him! I cried I was so frustrated! I was working so hard and the gap between us wasn't closing.
“Yes. Yeah. But I’m still so angry with him.”
Yes, it was childish. Mycroft could always bring that out in me. He had called my youthful drugs habit childish (choosing to forget our grandfather’s fondness for the opium pipe) and had treated me like a child ever since.
I was running a chemical experiment right now – the effects of John Watson on my brain chemistry. Having him in the same room was distracting... and wonderful. I loved having him close. But the uncertainty... I couldn't stop thinking about what our relationship was now, what it might become. I knew what I wanted. I had never thought to have it... but John had dangled the possibility in front of me and, sucker that I am, I'd reached for it with both hands.
"You'll come?" Lestrade asked.
I needed to distract myself. I looked at Mycroft speculatively. “Come here.” I said, gesturing weakly.
“Yeah. G won’t be able to ride. He’ll be stroppy all afternoon.” Gereth frowned. “Hi, Vic.” He said without enthusiasm.
Sherlock pulled a chair up to the right side of John’s bed and took his hand, his right hand. His living hand. He interlaced their fingers and John sighed, some of the tension leaving his body.
I clutched her wrist. "He killed Afan." I said urgently. "You don't know what he'll do. The police are on the way, stay with us until they get here."
Sherlock shrugged. “If Jim had really wanted to know, he would only have had to make the effort. I assure you, John would have beguiled him as he has me.”
I sighed. “I told her I’m bisexual. Because I am... bisexual.” That still felt strange to say. “I put her off by telling her I’d lost someone and I wasn’t ready for a relationship – just like EVERYONE ELSE ON EARTH, she assumed I meant you.”
“Call the police!” John shouted at a pair of confused bystanders as he ran past. “Call them now! It’s an emergency!” He hoped they’d do it but didn’t stop to ensure it. He was sprinting full out now, unable to stop himself.
"Sherlock, thank you for coming back."
He was still in tantrum mode when he arrived at Castle Craig in Scotland. The good people who worked there were used to that, however, and didn’t let it phase them. They simply put Sherlock in detox and waited.
“Sherlock.” I reached out – it seemed like a great distance despite sitting right next to him – and rubbed his back. “Sherlock, that’s not cheating. That’s surviving.”
Sherlock gently shifted the boy’s leg and found his olive skin marred by injection marks on the insides of his thighs.
“No, it’s not funny – it’s ridiculous! John, I’ve been to bed with a lot of men over the course of my life, and you are the ONLY person I’ve EVER wanted in MY bed. I will never stop wanting you in my bed. If I can’t have that, I want you in my life. I’ll take whatever you give me.”
"I know you do. I… I mean it too." I really tried to mean it.
She waited a full forty five seconds – until it was obvious that Sherlock would not say more. "I see you shared an address, Sherlock. Is he more than a friend?"
Now here I am, thirty-eight and in love for the first time in my adult life, and it is hopeless.
After PT and massage, Nurse Church wheeled John back to his room.
“And this one is so beautiful. I would have wanted him even if he weren’t a genius – and he is a genius, Johnny boy. A proper genius. Not just ‘smart for an Omega.’ That brother of his had him educated too – educated like an Alpha. Rather stupid of him if you ask me, why give an Omega a taste of what they can never have? It makes them uppity. Although it is more fun to break the uppity ones.
“Erm... not so good. Totally my fault. He must not think too kindly of me right now. I’ve been meaning to apologise...”
John has several interesting conversations. But he can't find Sherlock anywhere.
Moran opened a door with an ornate iron door handle and revealed the master's suite. It was a large room with a grand fireplace and an imposing four poster bed set diagonally so it caught warmth from the fire. There were Indian rugs on the floor – layered rugs, each more beautiful than the last. In the reaches of the room, Sherlock could make out chairs, a small table and a gentleman's wardrobe, but the locus of the bedroom was the fireplace and the enormous tiger pelt rug before it.
“I hope they aren’t as stubborn as you are.” John said.
John's relief was immense. He hadn't realized how heavily his worry for Sherlock had weighed on him. Was Shane here too? Had Shane made it out of Moran's mansion?
"Morning." He said. Shane smiled and squeezed his hand. John went to the kitchen to pour himself a cup of coffee. He took his coffee to the dining table and pulled out his phone. He checked his email and thought about what he could accomplish today.
“Yeah. Vic wants to leave Wallog. Dad wouldn’t want that – he would HATE to know my brothers put him out. And I want him to stay! It’s lonely out here sometimes. Maybe I’m selfish, but it’s great having a friend close at hand. I’ve come to rely on him.” Anwen teared up. “I miss Dad so much... and Vic is completely torn up...”
"You have a fever." I told him. "That's all. You're sick. Let me get a cold cloth, it'll feel good."
I heard the key in the door and shushed him. He’d drawn his knees back up to his chest and was hugging them tightly, his face pale in the dimness under the desk. I put a reassuring hand on his arm and listened to the door open. Footsteps entered the lounge and stopped. Did he sense our presence? I’d been careful not to touch anything and Sherlock hadn’t either. Nothing should be out of place. Was there an odour? A disturbance in the force?
His hands certainly had not got where they were now, tracing the outline of John's cock, a great granite bar shoving its way out of the jock. Sherlock tugged it aside and palmed the throbbing member. (It too was discolored, but there was no sign of the welts Moran had inflicted. It had healed.) John moaned in pleasure, his head falling back and Sherlock found his mouth against John's neck. His skin was salty with dried sweat. Sherlock bit the tender flesh there, feeling John's pulse through his teeth.
"Yes and yes, as improbable as that seems."
“It’s turning you on so much, just thinking about it!” The Omega squeezed the Alpha’s cock and began unfastening his flies. “Tell me!”
“But she loved your father.” Virginia said mildly. “And misses him still.”
Sherlock moaned involuntarily – an animal sound of desire and need. John spit into his hand and began jacking in earnest. "That's it...yeah... kiss me – no, you don't touch it, only me. Put your hands on my body... that's it... you're so beautiful ... oh yeah, fuck my hand...." John watched Sherlock overcome with pleasure, the expressions on his face – wonder, delight, vulnerability, passion, love... he realized, finally, that Sherlock was utterly, baldly factual when he claimed to want to be with John for the rest of his life. How had a man who had completely closed himself off from this kind of connection fallen in love with HIM? And John had almost driven him away out of anger.
The wound and the surgical incisions were red and angry, warm to the touch. John swore. He did the front himself, dousing it in peroxide and betadyne then dabbing antibiotic ointment on it. He had Sherlock do the same to his back.
I ripped his t-shirt from his torso and dipped down to tongue his nipples. Sherlock sighed – then whimpered softly as my hand found his cock and caressed it.
“How could I not know?” This had been eating at John. “Everything was fine…it was normal…and then suddenly it wasn’t. I...I never expected that he'd...”  John buried his face in Shane’s shoulder for a moment. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to go into all this.”
I finally reached Sherlock... but it was too late! He couldn't see me any longer. He had eyes only for Victor. I grasped Sherlock, held him, pulled him close to me. I kissed him, his mouth... he yielded passively – he barely noticed me touching him, there was only room for Victor in his soul.
“Watson!” Dr. Mahon cried. “Is your Sherlock here?!”
Sherlock was warm and solid in my embrace. I inhaled deeply, the scent of his skin wonderfully familiar. “John!” He whispered and I was overcome with love for him. I kissed him. For a second it seemed as if he’d forgotten how, but then he melted into it, opening up for me with a shuddering sigh.
Chances were he’d seen the entire exchange at the cocktail bar anyway – and if he hadn’t, Vaachaspati and the rest of the surveillance team would fill him in. They MUST have gotten a photo good enough to show the dry cleaner...
“I’m not a writer.” John said. “I had a blog for a while that was relatively popular. What do you write?”
“Yes. Of course. But… I miss how it was. I know you do too.” I almost denied it. But he knew and denying it wouldn’t make him feel any better about it.
By the time he returned with our curries, I’d put my shirt back on and fetched plates and silverware from the kitchen.
“It is.” I said. “I’m certain. Either he’s taunting me, or he thinks I’m a complete ‘garden tool?’”
"Me?" It was Sherlock's turn to be surprised. He looked to John for an explanation, but John was studiously looking away from both Sherlock and the psychiatrist.
That filled my guts with fear. I knew HIV was treatable now, manageable. And I knew that regardless this entire experience would change Sherlock, change his feelings and attitudes about sex. How could it not?! I had loved our sex life, those months we were together. It had been, for the most part, easy and open, full of pleasure for both of us. I remembered being woken more than once by Sherlock impaling himself on my morning wood, riding me, bouncing and panting, to our mutual orgasms...
"You don't know anything about my relationships." John hissed when they reached the corridor. "It's not your business."
"Is it hurting you, John?" Sherlock had asked and Jo had descended immediately and helped John to take it off.
"Didn't I JUST ask you not to be a dick?" John asked, exasperated, but also worried. Why was he worried?
Sherlock stood up. “It’s time, don’t you think, to get John out of that sling.” He walked past Moran without looking at him. “There are better uses for it.” Sherlock went directly to the side of the fireplace and pressed the hidden button he’d found in the moulding. The wall opened, a section of shelves swung out revealing a hidden passageway. Sherlock turned back to Moran who looked genuinely surprised. “After you.” He said.
The body language was unmistakable. John was in a relationship. John 'I'm-not-gay' Watson already had a boyfriend. That realization punched Sherlock hard, taking his breath away. He leaned back against a building to gather himself, to try to breathe and to clear the sudden blurring from his eyes. Maybe throw up – he felt sick enough...
doing here!?” Sherlock’s animosity cut across Lestrade’s thoughts.
He rammed my hole, grunting with each thrust. The hand not holding me down, found my shoulder and he used it as leverage to fuck me harder and harder. It was PERFECT, John abusing my hole like it needed to be abused, his strong hand on my shoulder – a hand that had touched me with such gentleness now gripping me like a vice. I was completely at his mercy!
John was taken aback – Shane had named his biggest fear regarding Sherlock. It had been a struggle to hold onto things important to him – that weren't important to Sherlock – before he'd 'died,' when they HADN'T been lovers... it would be so much harder now...
“Clay? You mean
John frowned. "You know who Sherlock is? You've read about him in the papers? Social media?"
“Show me.” John said impulsively. He buried his face in the crevice and licked Sherlock’s perineum, blew hot breath across his tightly puckered hole. Sherlock squirmed and groaned in pleasure. “Show me how you do it, get yourself ready for me.” He said, leaning forward to kiss Sherlock’s pale neck, inhale the scent of his tousled black hair. He pressed the lubricant back into Sherlock’s hand. He kissed the small of Sherlock’s back then sat up. “Show me.”
“You aren’t… just saying that….?”
“A what?” Lestrade asked.
“Thank you, John! I will.”
striven, during his lifetime, to make Jean-Claude happy.
"You didn't." Sherlock assured me. I smiled at him in the mirror. He tentatively smiled back and kissed the side of my head. I leaned back against his chest and his arms encircled me. It felt right, if still a bit strange. "I liked hearing you whistling."
"What's wrong? Sherlock…?" His face was red and wet with drool, his voice rough.
Sholto extended his own arm. “Long reach.” He said. “Longer than yours. There are a couple ways to compensate, John. Your compact size means that you can get inside your opponent’s guard more easily. You can do a lot more damage closer in – you’ll want to use your quickness to duck in close to attack, not dodge back. Here, I’ll show you a few moves...”
Mycroft lingered a moment longer, looking as if he might say something else. But then he straightened his posture, gripped his umbrella, and left.
“Oh no!” She fluttered. “Is she all right?”
"What about Victor? You kissed him!" I blurted, surprising myself. I realised how fully I had hated seeing Sherlock with him. How angry I was. How had I not seen it before?
Sherlock rearranged the vials on the counter. “Yes.”
"John!" Anwen greeted me warmly. "Have you eaten?"
I’d given her my coat, so I was quite happy to be out of the cold as well.
We had settled into what I can only describe as ‘domestic bliss.’ It looked very much like our friendship had before we became lovers – John left me alone when I was thinking or working on an experiment, he was always game for adventure and accompanied me on cases, he was invaluable in discussing the cases, often leading me to deductions I would not have made on my own. He has been, as always, my bringer of light.
Lestrade chuckled. “All right. All right. One more question – do you think him helping you out of the riot affected the way you perceived his scent? Or would he have smelled 'perfect' if you’d met him somewhere else?”
I couldn’t be too mad at him – he actually seemed to be in a better mood. Maybe he really did just need a more interesting case. Or a change of scenery.
"No!" He said.
Lestrade.
John nodded. When Sherlock had died and then a few months later when he was posthumously exonerated, the papers had nothing but stories about the 'tragedy' and John couldn't stop himself from reading them. Mrs. Hudson would come and make tea and they'd sit together quietly for a while. A little oasis of sanity in a sea of madness.
“Don’t pretend you don’t know what I’m talking about, you had to pick your tongue up off the sidewalk.”
What was it?
Nurse Angus Church stepped into the lift and inserted a key into a keyhole on the button panel. He turned the key and pressed an unlabeled button – keeping an eye on the two men the whole time. The door closed.
“You don’t have to apologize.” I said.
"John..." He refused to meet my gaze. "Things are different now."
John was talking with Ravi. 'Talking' may have been a euphemism, he was bristling as Ravi spoke and gestured. John was shuffling in the way he did when he was holding himself back from taking someone apart. I approached them quickly, not even pausing to admire the pull of John's trousers across his arse – I could see Ravi had no idea of the danger he was in.
"Oh, Shane...!"
Sherlock intervened. "Shane, let's go get some crisps."
"Yeah."
John nodded, unsurprised. "This man, whoever he is ..."
Things got hot quickly and John pressed Shane to the back of the couch, enjoying the feel of his stringy muscle shifting beneath him. He liked Shane's mouth against his skin, his teeth digging into his flesh, hurting him a little, pushing the border between pleasure and pain.
Omega, definitely. She could smell his robust scent overlaying the honey of her son.
Lady Anwen went to hospital as well, though she refused the ambulance. She’d caught some buckshot in her shoulder and cheek – she was bloody, but very lucky that nothing had hit anything vital. She asked Geraint to drive her, a detective riding with them to take her statement.
I couldn’t help but smile at him fondly. “You frown and steeple your fingers in front of your lips.” God! Those amazing lips!
John was still bright red, still breathing heavily, but after a moment he sat. "Why!?" He said.
Sherlock grabbed the nurse's arm before he could walk away. "Any news?" He asked, his anxiety evident. "How much longer?"
Sherlock had wanted to interview them about the injections – the timing and how they’d made them feel physically...
“Yeah, erm, I’m not much of a thrill-seeker.”
“Someday I’ll tell you… but that’s not a story for this week. This week is about us.”
Sherlock stood abruptly, the chair scraping loudly on the floor. He stalked out of John's room.
We flew via stealth helicopter into Kazakstan. We weren’t supposed to be here, so there was a small chance we’d be detected and a slightly smaller chance we’d be fired upon. Sherlock could probably tell me the odds.
"They would be intelligent to do so."
“You’re preaching to the choir, Doctor.”
John smiled tiredly. “Yeah. The sick thing is, taking out that guy in the pub, that’s the best I’ve felt since.”
But falling is falling, there's no way back up to the roof. All Sherlock had now was regret. An ocean of regret. A tsunami of regret. He would drown in this regret.
“I got it.” John felt that unfamiliar smile again.
Then I saw him. Sherlock was in the alley behind the high rise with a copper. I started towards them, but stopped – I recognized the cop. He was the South Asian officer that had almost spoken to Sherlock upstairs, Officer Vaachaspati. I remembered how Sherlock had turned away from him...embarrassed...
Suddenly Moran was on top of him, a big hand clamped around John's neck, cutting off his air. The man's knee dug into John's abused bollocks and John moaned in agony - but it was a poor, strangled sound.
"Go back to sleep." Sherlock said. "We'll investigate Nurse Measing in the morning." He stroked John's hair soothingly.
“I... I don’t have to... pretend... that I’m not in love with you anymore.” I kissed him again, more deeply, one hand in his coarse, cropped hair (I could almost feel the texture of the silver strands amongst the ginger), the other around him, holding him close. “God, I love you, John Watson!” He kissed me this time. “I love you beyond reason... I still can’t believe...”
“When I can help so many people? I can help you, Sherlock. Your misery over John, I can cure it.”
“You were thinking. It’s annoying.”
“Lestrade...” He murmured.
John was coming apart – I was taking him apart piece by piece. He still had a hand in my hair, but he was no longer taking charge. I redoubled my efforts, accommodating his little thrusts, sucking on his head, licking his slit and swallowing him down. My throat was raw with the assault, my jaw ached from his girth, but I only forced him down further. I was cupping his sac with one hand and when I ran my fingers along his perineum to the tight little bud of his entrance he cried out and thrust hard in my mouth, arching his back and spasming. I tasted the salt and bitterness of his seed as I swallowed around his fat prick, clinging to his thighs through his shuddering thrusts.
The second the door closed, the laser targets disappeared and John ran to Sherlock. “Are you ok?” He demanded, helping him stand. “What did he do to you?” John’s arms slid around his Omega and he buried his face in his neck, scenting him. The inky blackness of Moriarty was dissipating, leaving Sherlock’s sweet honey scent overlayed with John’s cut grass/growing things/hot summer’s day. It smelled right.
Where was Dusette? It shouldn't take her this long to get here. Sherlock went to the window - a bullet punched through the glass and passed a millimeter from his ear. Instinctively he ducked back, even though he knew that if Moran had intended to kill him he would have. The shot was a warning.
John looked shocked. "Jesus." He said. Sherlock reached out through their link, but John's feelings didn't make sense. He was frightened. "I need some air." He said, standing up and grabbing his coat.
He’d set a deliberate rhythm at the start, giving his Omega a chance to grab a breath with each stroke. But now, John buried his fingers in Sherlock’s hair and pulled as he plunged himself deeply. He was losing himself in the consuming feedback loop of pleasure and desire between them, assaulting his mate’s mouth and throat over and over and over... John’s climax swept through him unexpectedly, a sudden euphoric explosion, and he pressed himself deep for the long, stuttering moments of bliss, pumping his seed down his Omega’s throat with a choking cry.
“What’s wrong?” I asked him. “What happened?” I took in the teapot and cups. “Who was here?”
My curiosity got the better of me. “Sure. Thanks.”
And what he thought, what John knew, was that this Omega was right to be terrified. However he’d ended up here, he would not leave unbloodied. It was unlikely he’d leave alive. The three on the ground and the ten more running down the alley (and the ten after that) would tear each other apart to get to him. There was unlikely to be a single victor – if there were, he or she would rape the lovely young man and savagely bite his neck, bonding the Omega to his rapist forever. If the Omega was not on birth control, he’d likely conceive the rapist’s child.
“I’ve taken care of it.” I closed my eyes. I didn’t have to see him to know it was Mycroft.
After all, I had nothing except my memory, unreliable memory, to prove to myself that what I wanted most was true.
Sherlock didn't leave. He lay down next to John instead. John sighed.
I'm not dead. You probably want an explanation – I DO have one. Moriarty, his plan was for me to commit suicide, I had to pretend to go along or he would kill you (and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade). I've used the time away to dismantle his network so that you, all of you, will be safe.
His bed was below it, the duvet cover echoing the colours in the Hockney print. Bed table, lamp, charging cords, dustbin. The rug a muted pattern.
"Have you looked at what he was doing?" He asked Shane who was lurking on the far side of the kitchen.
"I don't believe in marriage – it's a bourgeois concept that oppresses women and shackles men." He shrugged. "But Dad could do whatever he wanted."
Lestrade fiddled with the suppressant bottles. “I’ve been tempted. Some Alphas smell… well, pretty wonderful… but I’d be fired. Never mind I’ve done the job for nine years, they’d give me some shite about my safety. Or worse, make up a special Omega job and stick me at a desk. It never seemed worth it.”
He was interrupted by Anwen returning with Ianto. “No one’s come in through the front.” She said. “And Sherlock’s coat isn’t in the closet.”
“Right. Yeah." John sounded less than enthusiastic. "Phil says there’s a ‘Living with Limb Loss’ group here. I guess I can check it out."
Then, for the first time in his life, John felt his knot harden and begin to grow. It was brilliant! It was magnificent and amazing! He felt stronger and more virile than he ever had. He was the most powerful Alpha in the world! His knot was huge! No one could breed this Omega like he could! No one would dare – they would tremble before his tremendous knot! John growled aloud with authority. This Omega was his! He would kill any Alpha that even looked at him!
John saw Sherlock shrug, the moonlight outlining his angular form. “I … I don’t either.”
“Cameron Magnusen was deported.” Sherlock told me. “Extradited is probably a more apt term, though it’s unofficial. Mycroft gave him to the Russians. Seems he’d defrauded a couple oligarchs. We don’t have to worry about him coming after you because I’m alive or coming after me because I killed his brother in New York.” He touched the side of his head, his long fingers briefly worrying the scar under his hair.
“No, but I like a puzzle. When they're out of their depth they come to me.”
"No, he's not sick. Mike." Shane's voice was low and serious. "John was attacked. He's recovering, but there's some permanent damage."
I treasured every bit of John every day. I dared not become complacent – already I had almost lost him.
"Why didn't you tell me!?"
He kissed me gently as I came down, laying me on my back. He used his kimono to wipe his hands and the mess between his legs, then tossed it aside. He pulled the duvet over us and stretched out next to me. He touched my throat carefully. “I bit you harder than I realised.” He said, frowning.
-she would sponsor the education of any Alpha children
"You look different today, John. Being out of hospital agrees with you."
"I don't want to lose you either." John said passionately. He loved the feeling of Shane's strong arms around him, the way his head fit against the taller man's neck. It was so comforting. "I just don't know why you'd WANT to stick around. As much as I don't want to, I love him."
“This person… Irene? She wouldn't reject you...?"
“What? No – it wasn’t Seb. Seb’s great. It’s me... Mary...”
"How?"
It was disturbing that Sherlock had only been thirteen and Victor twenty-four! No matter how precocious, no matter how much Sherlock had wanted sex... it was creepy and wrong. No wonder Victor had been beating himself up over it all these years.
The light blinded him. He squinted through his sleep encrusted eyes. Slowly he adjusted... he was in… hospital?
.” Sherlock said. “Have you ever caught someone’s scent and you know that person... that they’ll hurt you if you give them a chance?”
“You and...?” Lestrade asked.
It was impossible to know what Moran’s motivations were. But Mary... it was difficult for me to imagine her conspiring with the likes of Moran. She very well could be an innocent pawn.
For the first time since the robbery, John felt a finger of gloom. "Erm...story for another time." John said.
“Wasn’t a corpse yet.” I observed unemotionally.
“Don’t worry about me.” I said. “I’m fine.” I WAS fine. I was determined. “Why don’t you go get some rest, Mycroft – you haven’t slept in days, have you? Sherlock is safe now. I’m going to stay here –“
“It’s another cell, another backup. Moriarty’s final failsafe if I’m found alive.” Sherlock said. “Mary knows that you and I were together?”
“You remind me so much of him.” Mummy said, resolutely averting her eyes from her son. “The way you look, the way you move... your voice. I heard you laughing with your mate earlier, and I thought it was your papa, just for an instant.” Finally, she met his eyes. “I knew I could never do right by you, Sherlock. I let Mycroft take over your care. He can look at you without hating himself.”
be. It probably won’t be comfortable for you.”
I melted into him, forgiving him everything. His hands caressed my thighs, moving upwards and my cock definitely noticed. The things I would do with him! The pleasure I would wring out of his body with my hands and my mouth! He would be amazed, transported... John would be mine...
Then she rolled a thick sock on John’s stump and showed him how to don the prosthetic. When he moved his arm a certain way, it triggered a cable to pull a lever that opened the hook into two hook-shaped pincers. John practiced opening and closing the pincers. It wasn't long before Sherlock saw him grimace.
When he’d finished with the onion, John gave him the peas to shell. Sherlock had never shelled peas before and he was charmed by the whole process – the way the pods popped open, the fresh, delicate peas inside, some so tiny and perfect, their color and smell… he became so absorbed in the peas that when he noticed John watching him he had the distinct impression that John had been watching him for some time.
I chuckled, thrusting lightly into his palm.
"If you see Sherlock," I said, setting my empty coffee cup aside. "Tell him I'm looking for him."
They circled each other again. She attacked with a pair of fast, head-on punches that John blocked with less ease than he liked. She swung again, her powerful fist hurtling towards his head. John dropped into a crouch, using the momentum to swing his leg around and sweep the American’s feet out from under her.
I was hungry. I’d forgotten that ravenous feeling after really good sex. I hadn’t felt it in so long... I guess the sex I’d been having the past few years was nothing more than adequate. It had been more than just a few years.
They showed John that strength wasn't giving in, strength was rising above.
“I love you too, John.” I kissed him again then nibbled his jaw, feeling the roughness of his stubble under my teeth. Strange how natural it felt, despite being nothing like kissing a woman. Women were soft… Sherlock… Sherlock was exciting. Thrilling. Kissing Sherlock was athletic. Competitive. We fed off each other’s energy, passion growing and grabbing, boiling in my blood. And his. He wrapped a leg around me and cupped my erection through my jeans.
“I need you here.” Sherlock said, not looking at me.
Sherlock swore. He'd been so careful, how had Moran found out?
"I don't know what I'm going to do." John said. "I hate being so dependent. I hate needing so much help with every little goddamn thing."
John looked back and forth between them. "Sherlock, get out." He said.
“And you invaded Afghanistan.”
He sat down next to me on the log and asked what I was reading. I explained that it was a textbook. I was studying for an exam.
“God, you’re beautiful… look at you …”
Mycroft was silent. It wasn’t his fault, not really. I didn’t blame him. I didn’t have to tell him that – he knew already. He simply blamed himself.
In a swift movement, Lestrade was on him, kneeling in the filth next to John, touching Sherlock’s arm, shining his torch in Sherlock's eyes and looking hard at his face. Then Sherlock was enveloped in the man’s arms. It was... nice. Lestrade’s coat was rough against his cheek, his arms strong and welcoming. He smelled like cigarettes and fried food.
“Yeah.”
“On the other hand, infants born to Omegas tend to be extremely robust – they’re larger and have fewer illnesses. They’re more intelligent as well – no offense, Watson, my parents are Betas. The old families with generation after generation of children born to bonded pairs – their intellect is legendary.”
“Indian.” Sherlock said, and John opened his laptop and showed Sherlock the menu of the Indian place down the block. He ordered online then surrendered the laptop to his Omega. Sherlock cuddled against him on the couch and looked at the news for any good murders that had happened whilst they were sequestered. John drowsed on the low hum of Sherlock’s emotions – interest, irritation, fascination, disappointment. It looped around back to Sherlock tempered with John’s contentment.
The laptop in the managers office was password protected. It took Sherlock twenty-three seconds of perusing the books, contents of the drawers and the things on the desktop – the millionaire shortbread was the key item – to crack the passcode.
"A little breakup sex never hurt anyone."
He turned to me. In the pub I’d thought he looked the same as he always did, and indeed his fussy suit was immaculate, every hair was in place and he had his trusty umbrella. But he clutched the handle in rigid, white-knuckled hands, and his face – his normally superior expression was strained, but his eyes... his eyes were shadowed and haunted.
The Beta recovered himself quickly. He got a hand around John’s neck and John had to break the hold, giving the man the opportunity to try to wriggle out from under him again. John dragged him back and they grappled, overturning a rolling equipment trolley with a deafening clatter. John took a hit to the solar plexus that sent him gasping. His aggressive instincts surging, he grabbed handfuls of the Beta’s hair and slammed his head against the floor, once, twice, three, four, five times until the man went limp and lay still.
His hands were tied behind his back, and his ankles were bound. John tested the bonds and plastic cut into his wrists. Zip ties then.
“Let me see.”
“Darling... my darling...” I murmured and his hands gripped me fiercely. The taste of him! I’d forgotten what his kisses did to me. In spite of my worry for his well-being, my cock was taking notice.
"I don't want you to leave." John said. "You probably should run away as far and as fast as you can. But I don't want you to." It was true. Maybe he loved Shane, or maybe he could love Shane if he got his head on straight. John didn't know, but he knew he liked being with him. He liked talking with him, hanging out with him. He liked fucking him.
Leverage he was attempting to utilise now.
"Yes.”
John felt the tears spilling down his face. He didn’t deserve either of these men. They were so good to him and in return John was a complete wanker. He sat down on the toilet and hugged himself, huddling down self-protectively, his stump carefully cradled in his right hand, and cried.
He had argued in vain. Mummy had made up her mind. Sherlock was to bond with Jim Moriarty as soon as his heat was upon him – and he’d known it was imminent, he’d had the headachey, skin-too-small, itchy feeling that always presaged his heats for over a week already.
I smiled at her. “Not exactly fine.” I said. “You’re going to have quite a bruise. And...” I gestured down at her torn blouse.
"It does! I care about John, his suffering affects me. I want to protect him from insufferable cocks who hurt him."
“No talking!” Angus boomed. He didn’t seem worried at all that someone might hear him. The thick accumulation of dust and grit told why – this sub level of this hospital was all but forgotten. Someone must maintain the mechanicals, but no one ventured far into the mountains of junk.
“John Watson, I presume.” Mycroft said softly, keeping his eyes lowered and his hands still. He waited passively for John to reply. Sherlock felt his Alpha struggle with the impulse to attack first and ask questions later.
I watched sadly as he walked away, my heart breaking – but then he turned around. He touched my gravestone and I wished his hand wasn’t on cold granite, but on me.
Sherlock yawned and stretched, savoring the feel of the tiger's fur on his back. Moran shed his jacket and removed the pistol from the waistband of his trousers. "I expected Dr. Watson to try and take this – use it against me." He opened the chamber and spun it, showing Sherlock that it was empty. He pulled bullets from his pocket and started reloading the gun. "His injuries must be quite severe for him to pass up a chance like that."
It was too much. It was all too much. I couldn’t think about it now. Any of it.
Sherlock helped John don the glove. John found rubbing alcohol in the medicine cabinet and doused himself. "Sherlock, can you hold this tubing straight?" John inserted the syringe in the balloon port and sucked out the fluid. He pinched the tubing close to the urethra and pulled. The catheter came out easily. "Can you throw this away?" It was a relief to have it out of his body. He ripped the glove off his hand with his teeth.
“It would put you in too much danger... I’ve already exposed you too much!”
**I was a soldier, I can get pretty rough - you think you can handle it**
"I don't know how." He repeated.
"That would be extremely foolish, not only would it get John killed - he dies if I'm not dead, remember - Moran would kill you too. He's unlikely to leave any witnesses. Now, shut up, I need to think."
“John!” Sherlock grabbed my shoulders, shaking me in the process. “You’re being stupid. I would love nothing more than to tell everyone – I’d shout it from the rooftops! I hardly believe it myself – that you want me – John, I’m so happy and... proud...”
Shane swore when Sherlock strode into the living room.  "Bloody hell, you couldn't knock?"
"I doubt Mr. Jones will be bothered." Lestrade said dryly. "Out!" Anderson stared daggers at Sherlock as he left the room.
Anwen nodded. “Ianto, do we have boots and a jacket for John?” She asked as Victor went after his kit.
“No! No, it’s good. It’s perfect!”
"Yeah, I heard you were tied up."
"What?" John thought he heard something strange in Angus' voice. "Do you know something?"
I captured his face in my hands and kissed him – kissing him was such a pleasure! Being allowed to kiss John was so amazing...
“I don’t know, Mary... I walked out on him almost as soon as he arrived. I was... ridiculous...”
Sholto’s eyebrows raised in surprise.
Why had he kissed Victor?!
John nodded stiffly but didn’t relax. Bill started singing softly and Lestrade joined in. “Come on you two. We’re four pissed Alpha blokes out looking for a good time.”
“Somewhere safe.” He told her.
“You’re on top...”
“It does.” John said. Shane looked at him questioningly. “I’ve consulted for the police a bit.”
Sherlock snuggled closer. "You DO love me."
He had no idea how good Sherlock was, but he sounded like a virtuoso to John. Even more marvelous was how the music reflected and intensified the emotions humming through their empathetic link.
I was still reeling from last night’s revelations – Sherlock had a sex life! He’d had an affair with Victor! He was in love with someone! Who had rejected him! I tried to imagine this man and I simply could not.
I sighed heavily – I just wanted to die. Living...it was arduous... laborious. It was hateful. I didn’t want to do it. “I need methadone.” I croaked bitterly.
Sherlock’s breath hitched and he redoubled his efforts on my cock, his own bouncing up and down, the Prince Albert through the head slapping my abdomen, then his own. I took it in hand but he pushed me away and pinned my wrists to the headboard.
“I’m just so worried.”
I had the dishes washed, dried and put away within twenty minutes. I dished out the curry and heated it in the microwave. I carried John's up to his room.
I had the day off work for once. I had almost spoiled it by saddling myself with a hangover, but after a lunch of greasy carbohydrates, rugby on the telly and a kip on the sofa, I was feeling much better.
“Big Alpha, innit. I sawr ‘im. Big Alpha.”
“The ones that matter are secure.”
“In any case, most students would take the semester off after something so life-changing. Are you sure you’re ready to be back?” John helped her lift the body and remove the hospital gown.
Of course John handled 'these sorts of things.' John handled everything. Until he lost his hand. Then things got out of hand. He couldn't handle it.
Then John was back, pressing his nose to Sherlock’s neck, scenting him, kissing their bond mark and everything was good and right again. Together they got plates and silverware. John set the takeaway out on his little table with a lascivious thought about bending Sherlock over said table.
More to come!
“I can’t!” Sherlock had cried. “I hate him! He’s evil!”
“On the street, actually. He needed some help, I was able to give it… things went from there…. erm… very quickly.”
Sherlock looked away. “He died when I was seven... leaving Mycroft in charge.”
But the murderer … the murderer chased after John wherever he ran. “You were supposed to be my bait!” he wailed, brandishing a hypodermic. "You were supposed to be mine!"
“But he HAS to.”
“You rely on Friar Tuck.” I said, knowing full well it meant ‘luck,’ but also ‘fuck.’
"Before I came here. After I detoxed. I didn't want to see him whilst I went through that."
"It makes all the difference in the world. John's in my head, he knows how I'm feeling. He
“Oh... yeah...” I muttered as Sherlock manipulated my trapezius.
John’s hand disappeared, then grasped us again, wet with saliva and we slid against each other more easily. I was panting and rutting, my own hand wrapping around John’s smaller one, gripping us more tightly. John’s other hand found my arse again and he touched my entrance, the bud at the very centre of me, and stroked. I gasped out loud and pushed back onto his fingers with every thrust of my hips.
“Were you having relations with them too?”
“He’s not like us, Mummy. He’s sensitive.”
I climbed the stairs wearily and opened my door. The room had been tidied, but no one was there. I knocked at the adjoining door. There was no answer, so I went in. John’s room too was empty. I pulled out my phone and dashed off another text.
“John, you know how alike Jim and I were. You remarked upon it more than once.” John had never said any such thing, of course.
John dragged me sideways and the lights from the house disappeared. We ran deeper into the darkness, zigging sharply left then right.
John shook his head, smiling, though he wasn't at all amused by the thought of Sherlock and Angus together. In fact he found it disturbing – not because Angus was a bad guy or poor boyfriend material or anything like that. The thought of Sherlock with anyone seemed wrong.
"No..."
John closed his eyes and laid his head back against the chair. He interlaced his fingers with Sherlock's limp ones and pulled it into his lap.
When John was six, he joined the Wee Ruggers team, and dad had been so chuffed. He'd bragged about John to anyone who would listen. He’d gone out and bought John an expensive pair of Rugby boots. They were the most beautiful shoes John had ever seen.
“I want to do that for you.” Sherlock told him.
Walter wanted to frown, I could tell, but his desire to be 'friendly and accessible' kept his expression neutral.
“Vinokourov?”
“Surely he told you about his drug use.”
"Ohhh... you better stop that now if you want anything else." He sat up and pulled Shane's face to his, tasting the musky saltiness of himself as they kissed.
Selwyn sat back and regarded me through his shaggy hair. "Why not?" He said, closing his book.
He needed another hit. Sherlock needed to score, but he was out of cash, out of things to trade or pawn. His hands were shaking with his need... if he could still them for a few seconds... in the market, the stink of meat in the air, of sweat and garlic, incense and patchouli, he could pass through the crowd, hands steady, bump-hand-in-bulging-pocket-take-wallet-feather-light-apologize-in-plumby-posh-tones-slip-away-disappear...
John swore under his breath.
Sherlock was curled up under the duvet. I thought he was hiding, not sleeping. I sat down on the bed and shook his shoulder gently.
“Jesus.” John held him more tightly, his hands traveling over his back. “What… is that my
“Erm… it doesn’t tickle, but I can feel it.”
“Contract?!”
The warning came just in time — Lestrade got his bat between himself and the poor infected soul coming towards him. But there were a hundred right behind! He managed to kick it — him — into the one on its heels, and yank the gun from its holster under his arm, flick off the safety and fire it into the forehead of the woman grabbing for his arm, teeth snapping. He shot three more, four, five, six, before Sherlock reached down to help haul him up on top of the skip. Hands grabbed at him, teeth clacked, as he clambered up into Sherlock’s embrace — the skip was open and they teetered, but Sherlock prevented Lestrade from falling into the rotting garbage.
She smiled at him. “Yeah, cheers.” She straightened her skirt briskly and walked on.
"I don't know. Men are more apt to be violent. Women are more likely to be angels of mercy killers... since I ruled out Nurse Measing, I have to go back over everyone who had opportunity both nights."
“Yeah. Erm... “ I felt embarrassed – and suddenly worried I might give away too much. “What about you? Tell me about your bloke.”
“You, the boyfriend,” Angus said to Shane. “Wheel him out here slowly.”
He smiled, his fingers brushed the hem of my t-shirt. I smiled back at him and closed my book. "I love to study." I told him, staring into his lovely brown eyes.
“Do it. Do whatever you want to me.” Sherlock said, his face smashed against the door. “But don’t stop.”
"Give me a minute!" He called. "I have to put my shoes on."
I wore it still. It was sodden and heavy on my hand, and I was reminded that it ached. I would forget again in the agony of withdrawal.
He smiled as he helped Sherlock install himself on the sofa in front of the telly, his foot propped up on a pillow on the coffee table. John sat down next to him and picked up the remote. He turned the TV on and started flipping through the channels.
"She went into hiding and I went on as before. Except you, John, you were more dear to me than ever. It was...confusing, but I thought it was ... under control. Safe. Until we were out on a case – the one with the stuffed bunny. I ducked into a public bog...there were a couple blokes masturbating at the urinal, so I went into a stall. There was a glory hole. Someone put his cock through. I stood there, staring at it – it wasn't the first time something like that had happened, but I'd never thought twice about it before."
I heard them out in the corridor, stumbling.
“And what point might that be?”
"Stop it!" John said, his voice fierce. "Just stop! Sherlock, you've been through hell, of course it's affected you. But I'm not going anywhere! I've waited so long… we are together now! If there are problems, we need to deal with them together. I cannot lose you again! Look at me."
“I’m not hungry.” I said. “I’m going to lie down.” I listened to her rattling around in the kitchen until she left.
“Gold Watch.” He said. “Something peaty, yeah? Neat.”
It was a moment before John spoke. “You feel badly? You regret it?” John stalked out of the kitchen and paced the living room. “Multiply that by a thousand and you’ll know how I’ve felt for TWO YEARS. And don’t you DARE say you’re sorry again. You have NO IDEA what you’ve done to me!”
“Finally! You brought my mi –“ Sherlock broke off as he rounded the corner and saw me. “John.” He said softly. “John!”
... you must know that you’re a very attractive man, and I am not immune to your charms. But... over time… I’ve also grown to respect and to… to care about you...”
Lestrade held him, his easy smile failing. His throat felt thick. He didn’t know what he’d expected from the Christmas Eve lark, but this wasn’t it… this was…
"Not really. I assume you're keeping your distance because you need a wash?"
But Sherlock wasn’t waiting. He was jacking John’s Alpha cock and kissing his neck and jaw. John’s hands were stroking his Omega's back and his arse and pulling him down into a kiss. John loved kissing Sherlock – he always seemed a little bit surprised by how much it affected him. John could kiss his Omega all night long just to see that what-have-you-done-to-me-I’m-weak-in-the-knees look on his face.
Any other personal item must have been stowed inside the cabinet. It was really quite depressing, the room. (Sherlock hadn't noticed in John's room because John was in it – any room inhabited by John became automatically more interesting.)
"Can I get you something else? Some candy or crisps? A sandwich?"
Sherlock scrutinised the young survivors. They needed agency over their own lives, their futures – agency he himself had simply taken, would need to be gifted to them. Sherlock enlisted Virginia Hooper.
“All right.” I held out a placating hand. “All right. You know where I am if you need anything.”
The scene was grim. An unbonded Omega female had been found in a skip. She was nude, a petite girl with long tangles of brown hair, laying awkwardly amongst construction debris and bags of garbage. Body temp and nascent insect activity indicated she’d been there roughly eight hours.
Instead I knelt at the memorial in front of me, gritting my teeth against the cry that wanted to escape, to bring John to me. I could still see him weeping, wiping his face with his hands. Even in grief, he was beautiful – the sun catching the copper in his hair, his expressive face in profile. I had traced his profile with my fingers… with my lips…
The conservatory was airy and spare, one wall made of windows, all black as the night beyond them. A stuffed tiger, nine feet long, paced the marble floor and the heads of other animals – an elephant, a bear, a zebra and an elaborately antlered elk among them – were mounted on the walls. Cam sat with Mary on a white divan and smoked non-stop. Seb served brandy. The other guests flocked to Cam, almost sycophantly. I didn’t know why – if Seb’s blue eyes were cold, Cam’s were arctic, flat and dead and dangerous.
Sherlock stalked disgustedly to the bank of lifts and stabbed the button. "What happened, Bruno? Your mum go into hospital and never come out? Baby Bruno gets a complex?"
I’d known he was taking antidepressants – Mycroft had given me Sherlock’s medical records – but I hadn’t known he’d had suicidal thoughts! That almost gave ME a panic attack. (I couldn’t lose him! I’d waited for him to come home for so long, I could not lose him again!) And the way he had fretted about the long-eradicated STD, cringing from my touch as I reassured him… I would do anything for him.
"Don't do anything to him." I begged my brother. "He didn't know. I lied to him. I seduced him. He doesn't deserve it!"
“I have every confidence in you.” Sherlock said. He frowned. “What? What’s that face?” He asked me.
“I live with you, Sherlock. You’ve NEVER brought anyone home…”
I had thought to go more slowly – my experience (and recent research) suggested it would take time to relax and open the passage. But I trusted that Sherlock knew his body. I added a second finger and he moved himself on it. I stroked his cock, giving the ring at the head a little tug and he wiggled happily.
Sherlock was in a traditional Japanese home?
They ordered Chinese because it was fast, and John was starving. Sherlock even admitted to slight hunger. They sat on the couch, using the stacks of Sherlock’s moving boxes as a table and devoured the food like locusts. Then John pulled Sherlock into his arms and the bondmates lay down and snuggled together. John passed out almost immediately, the hot, heavy weight of his Omega against his chest calming all his anxieties into a soft stream of contentment.
“Gereth was just telling me a bit about Sir Afan. You must miss him terribly.”
"Oh... I didn't realize..."
After dinner, as I took her home, I gave her my phone number and told her to call or text if she felt dizzy or if her cheekbone continued to ache – as if she didn’t work at hospital and know dozens of doctors.
“Smelled right?”
John didn’t slow – he fucked his mate with singular focus, bruising his hips with his fingers – for a long moment, the only thing that existed was his mate’s scent, his mate’s pleasure, his mate's impossibly tight passage, his mate’s fertile body beneath his thrusting cock… John’s knot swelled round and huge, flushing his system with testosterone and endorphins. He was mighty! He had won this Omega! He claimed this Omega. He had prevailed! John shoved his growing knot inside his mate and fit his teeth against the scar on the back of Sherlock’s neck. He bit down, and his Omega convulsed with the pleasure of being claimed once again by his Alpha, by John.
Startled, Sherlock turned to look at John – the fury in his eyes was shocking. "No... John, it's not..."
My thoughts spiraled around and around.
"Hey, shove over." I told him.
"When I woke up in your arms." John said, squeezing Sherlock more tightly. "Seven months. I counted after you... when you were away."
“That seems… foolish.”
In my room, I suddenly felt self-conscious again. I’d brought him up here because I had condoms and lubricant at hand – I wouldn’t have to ask for his or stop and run up here for a rubber. But I’d had so many women up here...
“I’m sorry.”
“I know I’m arrogant – too arrogant.” My voice broke but I got myself under control quickly. “One look and I knew I could help you. I did it for my vanity at first... but very quickly, I knew I had to do everything I could to keep you near me.”
Shane had the tolerant, bored expression of a writer being told that someone’s friend who kept a blog on the internet was a writer too. “What is it about?”
"Mm. When you're finished, why don't you come sit with me?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“About the riot.” Sherlock supplied, his heart sinking.
"You're leaving me. Again." John sounded brittle. "Why come back at all, Sherlock? Was this some kind of game, getting me to trust you again?!"
Sherlock tried to hide his bitter disappointment, not let on that his stomach had a pit of lead in it, and his heart was shredded.
insignificant. Mycroft had sent over the painfully thin file on the young Alpha. His mother was a Beta, she’d noted with distaste. But he had an Omega sister from the same dam – the Beta must have strong recessives to produce two elite children. Perhaps, Mummy allowed, Watson’s genes weren’t
Sherlock was shivering uncontrollably, but I had the distinct impression that he was laughing at me. My face must have reflected my discomfort.
“Yes.” Mary said, her much warmer eyes lighting up. “All of us here, really, were brought together by Seb’s partner, Marcas.” She pronounced the name with a Celtic lilt.
That’s how I had slept. John was here. I trusted him to have my back – there was no one I trusted more.
It had taken a computer algorithm to find a frame with a clear picture of the man’s face – and even then, it was grainy and distorted. Facial recognition software had narrowed him down to roughly 450 Londoners. 291 were Alphas. Comparing photos of the 291 Alphas with images of the men whose personal effects police had found abandoned near the scene of the riot had left them with one possibility: John Hamish Watson, a medical student and soldier-in-training with an Omega sister, a Beta mother and an absent Alpha father.
When he returned a few minutes later with their drinks, Shane didn’t press. He asked instead about Afghanistan. John told him about the heat and the sand and the people and what it was like working in a field hospital. It didn’t seem like they talked for very long, but suddenly John realized that the restaurant was closing and wanted them out.
John tucked his left arm back under the blankets. “Thank you, doctor.” He said.
That had seemed like a good option last night. I'd almost done it then – charged into John's room and demanded he explain himself. Or at least listen to my explanation. But even I realised it would be difficult to maintain the moral high ground still smelling of Ravi's cigarette.
“Famous last words.” Lestrade said and drained the rest of his pint.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft showed them the suite of rooms in which they would stay — fancier than barracks, they each had a small private bedroom off a central living space that combined lounge, kitchen and dining. Lestrade’s room had bare white walls, a narrow bed and a chest of drawers. He laid the leather gloves on the bureau and hung his borrowed coat on a hook in an attempt to make it feel more lived in. The result made him sad.
“That’ll be dinner.” I said starting to get up.
Although at that moment, Mycroft looked distinctly uncomfortable.
"No, thank you. John, why are you limping?"
John fought down a wave of claustrophobia. The last thing he needed now was to panic. He focused on breathing – even that made the ropes dig harder into his chest – and slowly rolled onto his stomach. He would have preferred to lie on is back, but he didn’t want to lie on his already-numb hands. John couldn’t actually lie on his stomach – his legs were bent, and oh god what he wouldn’t give to straighten them! But using his head and shoulder, and ignoring the searing pain of the ropes cutting into his body, he managed to awkwardly roll onto his knees, his head and shoulder still pressed against the floor.
"Does it matter?"
Ten blocks and a number of near-death experiences later, they encountered the horde and Lestrade had dragged Sherlock into the alley. Within an hour of leaving 221 Baker Street, they had been forced to retreat to this fire escape with a crowd of shambolic cannibals below.
“Heh.” I let out the puff of air explosively, relieved he wasn’t pushing the bird. “I was surprised too – I wasn’t lying about being straight. I’d never even considered... but after I discovered how he felt, how he really felt – he was so convinced it was impossible.... but suddenly it didn’t seem so impossible. I had time to get used to the idea... and it worked! It was so... intense. I’ve never had a relationship like it.” I sighed. “I don’t know when I’ll be interested in...” I glanced at the woman. “...someone again.”
After therapy, John had taken dinner to Sherlock. He felt a bit guilty leaving him alone all day, but he also felt... chuffed. That was it. It was ridiculous, maybe, to be THIS excited about something he'd done dozens of times before – but he'd thought his fighting days were behind him forever. The loss of his hand was profound, it would take a very long time for him to reconcile himself to it. But he had started.
“We won’t walk a block before a shiny black saloon will pull up beside us and my brother’s assistants will kidnap us. We will be taken to Mycroft’s townhouse, where we’ll be fed and allowed to bathe. Then Mycroft and Mummy will descend and life as you know it ends.” Sherlock was broadcasting tension.
She was only five when their father left. John had been seven, and he had both wanted to please his dad and feared him. He remembered Dad had been proud of John’s skill in sports, taking him to play rugby, shouting encouragement from the sidelines with the other dads. But most of his memories of his father were of a loud, drunken bully who belittled John and knocked him about.
"I'm sorry." John mumbled. He was beginning to be embarrassed.
taken them to safety. If nothing else, John had succeeded. They were safe, the Omegas... so
"John!" Shane was horrified.
“Nothing to be embarrassed about. Omegas, when allowed to choose their own mates, often make snap decisions. And anecdotally, those bonds are surprisingly durable. I’ve thought about doing a study… but it’s hard to get funding to study Omegas.
"If he knows I'm alive, he'll kill John."
It wasn’t fair! He was a block from his destination, one block from safety!
I can barely live with my regrets. I loved him more than anything. How did I miss so much!?
"If that's true, it's too easy to pity myself enough to get high. It stops the pain... if it's not my fault why should I have to bear it?"
When Sherlock stepped off the roof of St. Bart’s, I didn’t expect him to fall. I don’t know what I expected.
Sherlock walked to the couch feeling like he was walking to the guillotine.
Sherlock couldn't help an internal wince as Bruno dove to shelter behind the sofa arm, trying to master his panic. The man was trying, he was simply... useless. Sherlock recognized that was partially his bias, but not entirely. If Bruno weren't John's partner, Sherlock would barely notice him.
"We're in love, Ani! Our ages don't matter!"
Hulk flexed his hands menacingly. It gave me a pang – John flexed his broad, capable hands like that when he perceived a threat. But that’s where the resemblance ended. This thug was nothing like my John.
“You had the stitches out... two days ago?” John asked offhandedly.
As Sherlock tried to puzzle that out, John took Shane across the room. Sherlock couldn't hear what they were saying but their body language was unmistakable – John's hand (his beautiful, strong hand) pushed the floppy fringe off Shane's face and lingered on his neck. Then John kissed him and Shane's arms wrapped around John's back and they clung together for a long moment. John was reassuring him, trying to assuage his fears.
I held my breath – now he would break it off with me, leave me. I was a monster, John couldn’t possibly love me now.
“Yeah.” I took him in hand and jacked him, running my thumb over the head and smearing the dampness down his shaft.
“Bill.” John greeted him. “How’d you get stuck down here?” Bill’s specialty was the same as John’s, emergency medicine.
John wondered what day it was. Not that it mattered. Nothing mattered anymore. Distantly he thought he SHOULD care that he'd stood Shane up... but it was so hard. He couldn't work up the enthusiasm to roll over... let alone care about lunch.
"Have I ever?" I replied. I hadn't ever minded – I didn't mind. "Why would I start now?"
Some of us need to be moving – pick a side and get out of the way!
"Certainly. Will YOU be ready by then?"
His delicate state during our lovemaking – going from desperately aroused to desperately disconsolate and back several times (not to mention willingly admitting to depression and suicidal thoughts) – had alarmed me more than I could say. It rocked me to my core. Sherlock was a force of nature! A tsunami of confident, abrasive, magnificent genius in a swirling Belstaff coat. Not the frail, broken man in my arms.
"Where? Where are you supposed to 'deliver' me?"
"Sherlock, you need your strength. I'll make you something." John started to push my feet off his lap.
“You?” Lestrade slurred. “How are you?”
"More questions. 54 year old man with pneumonia and pleurisy treated with antibiotics and ibuprofen, responding well, due to be moved from critical care today. He died overnight. No one notices until his partner comes in at 11 a.m. and becomes hysterical. He was already in full rigor when I went in."
“No. But someone this determined and organized will look for another way. It’s possible that removing Jones wasn’t just revenge, but helped him toward his goal.”
“Yes.” Sherlock agreed.
“Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock.”
"You think he expects you to drop Shane?"
Nothing – nothing would hold him back. "Lets go to yours." John said.
I was reading someone else's Omegaverse fic recently and it was CHARMING. I realized mine is sort of horrible and dystopian. Which seems about right coming from me.
Yes, Lestrade had the calming neutral-vanilla scent of a Beta, and he was scrupulous about keeping his eyes averted and his hands where John could see them… but he was a good-sized, good-looking Beta male.
"Chromosomal... you mean she's a woman."
“Oohh... bloody... Sherlock?”
"No."
“John is a combat veteran.” Lestrade interrupted. “He can handle himself. Call him.” He prodded. “Call and ask him. He already told you to stay put.”
I was
Mycroft stared at the grainy video. He’d been watching it almost non-stop for an hour, slowly confirming his conclusions.
John arrived back at hospital a bit after the argument over how much of the hospital lunch Sherlock had eaten (the jello and the can of Tango, nothing else). He brought the papers and settled into the recliner next to Sherlock's bed to share them out. John smiled to himself as he read. In fact, he seemed positively buoyant.
Sherlock's 'yes' was so unexpected, John needed time to regroup. He'd gone running to come to grips with it.
irritating – but he wasn’t in a hurry.
“They treated you for the lice whilst you were unconscious.”
"Helping me what?" John asked, scoffing.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Mr…James.”
“John...”
"I love you, John. That won't change."
“What!?” Moran shouted suddenly, shocking Sherlock. He had sat up.
Mycroft’s mouth hung open, but he was silent, all sound trapped. Then it gushed forth in lusty, keening cries as his orgasm spilled hot over Lestrade’s hand and his arse contracted even more tightly around his thrusting cock. He watched fascinated as 'The Iceman’ shattered. He fucked him through it, crooning softly.
“This Bebionic hand has fourteen different grip patterns and hand positions.” Shane had told John before the prosthetist arrived. “But the iLimb Quantum hand changes grips with simple gestures. What do you think…”
“I’m going downstairs for a flannel.” I said. “I’ll be right back.”
“When I ran away from Sherrinford, from the Alpha whose scent... when I ran away, I was hours away from full-on heat. John... I met him on the street. He helped me get to safety… but I had liked the way he smelled immediately. His scent is strong and virile and
A week later I found myself standing in Sloan Square clutching a bottle of wine, squinting at house numbers wondering why I had agreed to this dinner with people I didn’t know when I’d been dodging the people I DID know...
"Take your shirt off – carefully, there's probably glass on it." Sherlock dutifully unbuttoned his shirt. When he pulled it off, there was a sharp pain in his shoulder – the glass pulling out with the cloth – and a wave of nausea. "You have a couple nicks." John said. "Only the shoulder is deep. Take your trousers off."
“N-no.” I croaked. This couldn’t be a coincidence  – I cursed Lestrade. He could have warned me he sent this git!  I scoured my memory for his name. “Ravi... it’s been, erm, a couple years... oh...”
The nurse looked away.
“Shane…” John saw that Shane meant what he said. Or thought he did. “Your friend is a dick.”
There were tears on his face. He was shaking.
John groaned and grabbed his Omega, arms encircling his chest and pulling him up into his embrace. He cradled the beautiful man against his chest, gentling him, petting his wild hair and kissing the sweat from his neck. “So lovely.” He crooned. “So sweet.”
Then Mike was clapping him on the shoulder – awkwardly as halfway through he suddenly wasn't sure that he should be touching John that way. Siobhan stepped in, unperturbed, and kissed John's cheeks in greeting. She was a statistician, John remembered, trying to reconcile that with the motherly woman before him. He could see it in her eyes, a practicality, a keen intellect. She took his arm unselfconsciously and guided John to the table whilst Shane told Mike – through his expression – not to fret.
“I do! Moriarty told me exactly that. I die or you die. Of course I jumped off the building.”
“This isn’t wise, Sherlock.” Mycroft told me.
Without thinking, Sherlock stepped forward and embraced John, seeking only to comfort him. And for long seconds, John WAS comforted – he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and held him tightly.
“Be careful, John. Stay alive.” Sherlock said.
“I’m... I’m struggling to stay alert.” Sherlock admitted. “If I can’t... I have a gun... right pocket – coat...” Sherlock put his hand over Lestrade’s where it encircled his calf. “You'll have to take it. Kill them if you can. Get us out of here.”
I hope he's ready soon. I'm really starting to worry.
"Things are different now."
I traced his profile with my fingers. It felt like CENTURIES since I’d had that simple pleasure. “You’re wrong. Your nose is beautiful.”
“Oi!” John called. “I came in with Lestrade – get these to safety, yeah?” He waved the young people to go with the cops and stood back. Molly huddled into his side, clinging to his arm as John counted the Omegas rushing past. They went in twos and threes, holding hands, arms around each other, shrinking from even the Betas’ touch. “42... 43... 44... Suki, anyone else? No – just the Omegas in heat. They’re on the second, third and fourth floors. Might be Alphas with them.”
Sherlock scoffed even more loudly. "Alphas you mean."
"Tell me! Tell me what you did!"
“Only to make you safe.”
Now odds were even greater that it would never happen.
"Oh, please."
I began to protest, but Sherlock cut me off.
She shrugged. “How you met. How you fell in love. You know, the usual.”
"John's disappeared?! Tell me what happened!"
"Yeah. Yeah, he knows - that's probably why he was especially dickish to you. It was there with us the whole time - a sadness...and desperation. Maybe it was cruel, but I needed him to know exactly what he'd thrown away. Exactly what he could have had if he hadn't been... such a complete idiot." Shane shuffled but didn't loosen his hold on John. "Sorry. He's brought out the worst in me."
“What?”
“You were.” John pointed out.
I cleaned my teeth and spat a mouthful of blood. I was feeling twitchy. I couldn’t stand still very long. I caught sight of someone in the mirror and didn’t recognize myself for a long moment. One of my eyes was still black and swollen, the bruises extending down into my matted beard – the left eye, which made sense as Nazer was right-handed. My cheeks were hollow and my hair, even freshly washed, was dull and lank. My pupils were dark with artificial energy, and frenetic with need.
“I didn’t see him everyday.” Mycroft said. “I find myself expecting him to text a series of demands or to get a call that he’s used my I.D. to get into the House of Lords again. And then I remember he’s gone.”
"Mm."
The knowledge that he was safe with John made him teary, and he hid his face in John's shoulder.
“Lestrade.” Sherlock deduced. “He sent you photos of Lestrade.”
He emerged and did as I bid, wincing as he swallowed the paracetamol.
^^^ Sorry I worried you. I’m fine. A family emergency took me out of London for a while. I should have texted sooner – it all got away from me. ^^^
I trailed after the woman. She must be older than she looked, I decided, because she looked about 20. She must also be VERY good or Mycroft wouldn’t have her on this mission.
I kissed him, rubbing his prick. His lips were crimson from my previous attentions, so I bit them. I kissed his chin, his throat, the indent above his scapula. I wanted to make love to every part of him.
