There's a dawning realization on Cas’s face as his eyes go wide, wider. He’s flushed and shocked and
And then Dean is warm inside, and wet, and he thinks he sees the appeal of not wearing a condom for the first time in his life. It’s not like Cas could give him anything anyway or get him pregnant. He squirms his hips down and sighs happily.
He knows that he is staring, and he almost expects Dean to joke
“Yeah, he is,” Sam chimes in.
Dean mock pouts at him. “What? I’m not allowed to want to sit with my devastatingly handsome boyfriend?”
“Jesus friggin Christ,” Dean hisses with an aggravated voice, but his face. His face is clementines that pull apart on the inside. Then that hand on Castiel’s shoulder tightens even further, and he’s stooping down over where Castiel sits at the table. Dean’s opposite arm reaches out to wrap around his torso. Castiel freezes.
“That sounds wonderful. You’ll have to tell me if you make up an interesting story for any of them.”
“You’re alright. Everything’s alright.”
“Yes,” is all Castiel can make himself manage. He’s no longer hungry, but he finishes the hamburger in his lap anyways, silence falling over the car until Dean pushes at a button on the dashboard that makes music start playing.
He thinks he hasn’t even stopped shaking yet, where he still hasn’t fully let go of Cas’s trench coat. Cas’s eyes are blue and worried.
He wants to be closer. If he were still an angel, he would be able to count every single breath that passed through Dean’s lungs. Now, Castiel watches from three feet away and doesn’t know why he feels so unfulfilled.
“If you tell me what you plan to use it for, I’m sure that I could point you in the right direction.”
“Even more so than you could imagine,” Castiel answers sincerely.
“That good, huh?”
“Okay,” Castiel comforts, seemingly unperturbed. “It’s alright. Yes, go ahead. Okay.” He awkwardly rocks them back and forth with the precarious angle and presses a kiss to the side of Dean’s head above his ear.
“Alright, alright,” Dean relents. “Listen, as a man who’s been into all types of different- ah-
Oh, god. Dean shrugs to play it cool. “I mean,
Dean blinks at him. “Yeah?”
The swan flaps its wings.
“Mmmmm.” Dean rubs his stubbled chin across the top of Cas’s shoulder, likes the idea of leaving red marks of irritation there. His brain feels like it’s melting out of his ears. “Love you,” he mumbles.
Dean had already nervously changed into a t-shirt and boxers, after some deliberation of whether that was weird to wear around Cas or not, and then landing on the fact that that is simply what he slept in and he worried too much. So, he’s under his warm covers, fighting the way his eyelids droop, hoping that Cas will hurry up and also that Cas never shows up and they can both pretend Dean’s groggy ass had never opened his mouth.
Ahead of him, there’s a familiar break in the tree line. Through it, the quiet rush of water is audible, as is the rumble of his stomach with the promise of food. The sound of moving water grows louder as he draws closer, louder still as he rounds over the crest of the bank and treads down it. There’s a large flat nook of grass that reaches all the way out past the stream’s edge like an extended palm that has become Castiel’s favorite spot for a food break. He swears that the damp air and the soft breeze make his bread and honey taste better. Alone with his thoughts and the water.
Dean’s face brightens. “Hey, hey, buddy, you with me?”
The swan ruffles its feathers. Castiel’s vision strains.
Dean says it so casually, and when Castiel looks to Sam in disbelief, Sam has a genuinely neutral expression on his face as if they weren’t talking about his death right in front of him. Castiel feels- feels- but then it’s gone.
He detonates.
Just saying the words and knowing their truth makes Dean’s throat tighten.
Finley laughs, and Dean feels oddly proud for it. “I guess not.”
Dean doesn’t let go when Cas pulls, and instead brings Cas’s hand up to the side of his face, resting what he hopes are clean fingertips against his temple. Cas leans back a little further, looking confused.
Where Dean can’t see, Castiel smiles. “Is that so?” Dean’s cologne is masculine and fresh, until Castiel has to resist the urge to bury his nose into the tendon that leads from Dean’s ear to his shoulder.
Still, Castiel gives Sam a worried look. Sam just shakes his head good-naturedly and looks like he’s biting down his own smile.
Charlie jabs him with the elbow already pressed up against his side between their bodies. Still, she tilts her head and stretches her neck upwards, offering her cheek to Dean in a silent request that he grants by leaving a softer kiss there as well.
It’s easy enough to pack, a one day-one night sorta thing that has Dean just throwing a t-shirt, flannel, and some boxers in his smallest duffel. He hikes it up onto his shoulder and carries it out into the hallway where Sam is already standing. Without his bag.
Somehow, Cas is rugged at the same time he’s carefully refined and approachable. Jesus. Dean wants to eat him.
“Come on in, Dean,” Jody stands aside and motions in, managing to sound like she’s aged five years in five seconds.
“Excuse me?”
That finally makes Castiel smile, albeit weakly. “I will,” he promises.
plays while Sam and Eileen sway back and forth together in each other’s arms, Eileen standing on Sam’s feet.
“I’m sorry if I-I made you feel like I wasn’t happy that you’re back. Because I am. I’m… I’m so glad that you’re back, Cas. And I missed you. And it hurt like a bitch to lose you again. But you came back,” to me. “And we’re here now.”
Okay. No biggie, Winchester. You’ve heard this song probably a hundred times at this point. And you wanted to cry all of those times, too. But you didn’t! And it’s fine- fine- until the second fucking verse which is hell-bent on turning him into Niagra Falls.
Castiel feels a smile tugging at his lips. He shrugs, “If I am, it’s your fault. You’re the one who taught me about humanity.”
Dean opens his mouth like he wants to say something, but Sam cuts him off.
Sam and Eileen continue their conversation behind them, voices talking in half-formed sentences between quick signs that make the conversation impossible to follow without actively watching it. Dean sneaks a glance at Cas, then another, as they wash and dry in silence. He has to keep reminding himself that he finally gets to have this, finally gets to
A flashlight shines directly into his fuzzy eyes and his whole face scrunches up as his left hand raises to block the light on instinct, while his right remains on his stomach.
Dean brings his wing back towards his body and Ella stares at it. She looks at the wing, then at Dean, then at his wing again like she’s trying to figure out exactly what’s happening. Dean waits patiently for the question he can sense building in her mouth.
That uncertain Monday is followed by a more relaxed Friday is followed by a comfortable Monday where Dean shows Castiel a disappearing coin trick he knows with childish excitement. The trick ends with Dean pulling the silver piece out from behind his own ear. Castiel claps at the end as Dean stands up to bow.
problem this is. So what, he cries a lot now, so what, Taylor Swift makes some sad songs, life goes on. He sighs and pulls away, but instead of meeting Cas’s heavy gaze he just looks down at his fingers tapping in his own lap. Brings one up to scrub across his nose.
“I don’t like that. He’s so beautiful. The sun gets jealous of him.”
“I’m alright, Dean, truly. The Empty-” Castiel looks away- “it’s not a pleasant place to be. But I’m no longer there, and that’s the important part. We can talk about that later. You’re upset.”
Click. Click. Click. Everything settling into place like Tetris blocks.
“The last time I saw you like this, I was rebuilding your body.” Cas’s fingertips are a whisper from Dean’s shin up to his kneecap. He looks like he’s remembering something, the resurrection of Dean presumably. It sets Dean’s body up in white-hot chills like a fever is consuming him.
Castiel turns to grab one of the blue-tipped honey sticks from their jar and hears Dean mutter, “Jesus, Charlie,” behind his back. He snips the top easily with the scissors he uses to cut twine before he turns back and holds the little open stick out through the window.
“It’s nice, isn’t it?” she sighs in agreement. “To hold somebody.”
Dean’s boots kick up dirt when he stops in his tracks
Then Cas is back to relay the honey jar to Dean, its little tag with a pink dot fluttering around on the twine it’s connected to. “I hope it serves you well.”
Dean blinks. He knew, like, of course he knew that Cas wasn’t human. Literally everything he’s said and done has been very much not human. Somehow Dean’s still not really sure what to say to that. So what comes out is, "I’m not leaving my car here, man.”
“Yeah, I’m making dinner. But I’m showering first, capiche? Don’t get too excited.” Dean waggles his finger at Sam like an elementary school teacher or a mother, and it makes Castiel’s head tilt to the side. He squints his eyes to the movement and the tone of voice that Dean uses that sounds almost parental.
Sam just laughs down his back, then in his ear, as he releases his hold and stands upright once more. Castiel is extremely disappointed.
Castiel takes this as his signal to begin eating as well. When he unwraps the red foil, there is a hamburger inside. He knows what hamburgers are, Castiel has watched the entirety of humanity’s evolution. But he cannot remember if he has tasted one before. It smells rather good, and Castiel brings it slowly to his mouth to take a bite.
Castiel looks down at the pancakes, perfectly browned, before glancing up as Dean retreats again. Dean’s shoulder blades shift under his robe as he reaches into an overhead cabinet, then down into a drawer, over to a refrigerator before coming back to the table with his hands full of plates, silverware, and a jar. The plates are put down unceremoniously. The jar is set with a purposeful thud in front of Castiel beside the full plate of pancakes. Dean is looking at him expectantly, so he picks it up with careful hands.
“You know,” he says to Claire as he approaches her, “those in glass houses should buy a mirror to see what a real ugly fucker looks like.” She doesn’t bother responding as she tilts her head up towards him for the kiss she knows is coming to be pressed into her hair.
“Do you mind opening the lube for me? I only have the one hand.” Castiel waves his left hand in the air as if in evidence. And this guy. This fucking guy.
. Like that. Give it to me. You’re so-”
“Well, I want you to.” Dean starts moving again against Cas’s still body and Cas’s fingers spazz on his waist. “Want you to feel good. Want you to come whenever- whenever you wanna.” He moves even faster now until Cas finally begins to match his rocking. His skin prickles when Cas breathes out a whimper. “Don’t haveta hold out on me, Cas. Not ever.”
But it’s so obvious that that’s only part of it. Maybe Cas really doesn’t want to intrude, but Dean thinks it’s more that he’s anxious over even stepping foot into center square, out of his lonely comfort zone. Lonely, but at least no one can hurt him there. Dean gets it. He also won’t let Cas get away with it.
“Everyone settled in?” Castiel asks gently. He receives two matching nods in response. “Good.”
Their eyes lock, hold, this suspended and unshakeable moment that lasts only a second but feels like a lifetime, before Castiel tears his gaze away to look at Eileen’s smiling face instead. And, oh, Castiel had been so captivated by Dean that it’s only now as he focuses on Eileen that he realizes they’re wearing matching face paint. Both of them have one white streak on their left cheeks and one red streak on their right, an inch or so below their eyes. Together, they look like two giddy children. That inescapable fondness that Castiel feels when he sees Dean like this, so seemingly himself, rears its head again.
Guilt and satiation mix in his stomach until Castiel is just as sleepy as he is shameful.
Dean sucks in a sharp breath and his hands smooth out from fists to lie flat against Cas’s chest.
The man directs his question at Castiel, looking at him like he knows him. There’s recognition in the man’s eyes that makes vertigo swim inside of Castiel, because it is recognition that he can’t place or sympathize with. He stares at the man, willing himself to remember something, to remember whatever the man seems to remember, but nothing comes. The emptiness settles into his gut like a rock.
“Cas,” Dean murmurs, trying to sound playfully annoyed and missing the goal completely. “C’mere.” He reaches up a hand to wrap around the back of Cas’s neck, keeping him close, so that Dean can return the favor on the strong tendon there. He sucks the skin into his mouth and between his teeth until Cas sighs with contentment. Once Dean’s done, he kisses the spot. “The feeling’s mutual.”
The skin of Cas’s knuckles is warm under Dean’s palm. Cas’s palm is warm over the muscle in Dean’s chest.
Dean knows that he’s staring, but it’s kind of difficult not to. Not when Cas looks so strong, the muscles of his thighs defined from hunting and the V of his hips prominent down to where he’s very obviously hard. He reminds Dean of an ancient Greek warrior, all level-headed, unselfconscious power, which makes a lot of sense given Cas’s background. It makes Dean ache to touch. He wonders how much of the body’s physique is inherited from Jimmy and how much is from Cas inhabiting the vessel after Jimmy left. It’s odd how the lines blur between the Cas that he sees and the Cas that he most likely wouldn’t even be able to comprehend.
“Ignore it? Something that you wanted, and you just weren’t gonna mention it to me? Because you felt guilty about… what exactly?”
“Orange is Orange Blossom, naturally, yellow is Linden, blue is Buckwheat, pink is Acacia. Those are directly from our apiaries. The green is Clover, from the West kingdom, and the red is Wildflower from the North. There are more, but these are the most popular and versatile.”
Dean shakes his head against Cas’s words, scoffing a noise of disbelief. But it’s all so familiar. It sends Dean back a few years in time, to a dingy hotel room, Cas sitting on one of the beds. The way Cas had said he might kill himself. Dean knows anguish, and this is it.
Dean feels his hands clench up tight again. “God,” he scoffs wetly, “I’m not angry, Cas. I just- I don’t know what I am.”
“Varietal?” Dean asks slowly. He raises an eyebrow. “As in, there’re different kinds?”
Castiel keeps going until he approaches the white box of the apiary. He stops five feet off from it and stares at the bees. They writhe at the box’s lid seam. He wants to crawl inside of it. He wants to crawl inside of it in a little ball and close his eyes and have nothing exist outside of the bees.
“They’re beautiful.”
With fingers surer than they feel, Castiel rolls the tight fabric of his own dirty boxers down his legs to the ground where he steps out of them. It is very strange to be naked so plainly in front of someone else. And Castiel supposes he shouldn’t be all that embarrassed about staring because Dean is staring right back.
“Dean,” he manages, his voice almost teary. Just to hear the name and confirm the identity if nothing else. “Dean.”
And what sort of relationship is that? What sort of happiness is there in being hidden and afraid?
“Dean,” Cas’s voice breaks in a crest over the syllable
“I-” Castiel begins before he decides it might be better to just not say anything.
Cas shuffles on his knees towards the top of the bed, and Dean rises entirely
It drifts to his mom as Baby carries him through a straightaway. Her kind face still lingers somewhere in his memories even though they are as transparent and watered as soap suds. He remembers the touch of her cool palm on his forehead when he was sick, and the way she would sing to him in the quiet of his bedroom. The perfume she wore. The world is as unforgiving as a whole person being gone in a matter of minutes. Little tears lick at his eyes, the pressure of the wind pushing them into the outer corners and back against his temples.
“I’ll show you, someday, if you’d like,” Cas says kindly, and if Dean weren’t naked he wouldn’t believe that a minute ago they were going hot and heavy. But, hey, he did say they could do this however they wanted. And if that includes intermissions for Cas to work through some stuff, then Dean can deal. “Of course, there are some things I may have to omit for your safety, but I think I could ‘whip something up’ for you.”
“I’m gonna get you,” Dean threatens even as he purposefully lags three feet behind Miracle the whole time. Until Miracle gives him a cocky look from over his doggy shoulder, and all bets are off. “Oh, it is
“You didn’t. I ‘bagged’ you and it took over a decade.”
one of the other girls murmurs.
What is he saying?
“Asshole,” Dean mumbles without any heat. “You don’t even get hungry.” In the back of his mind, he thinks about a ball of light. A memory that clings to him like an unshakable tick even though he thinks it might be easier to just forget about it. He can’t forget about it. Little moon, little star-maker the size of the Chrysler building.
“Yes, I ran into them on my way through to find you. They went out for lunch, I’m assuming to give us some privacy.”
He is being pulled bodily to a sensation that fills him until he can’t take it anymore. His head bows to his chest and he stares up the line of his eyelashes at Cas’s riveted face, pleading without a voice. Cas gives him a loving close-lipped smile. “Let it go, Dean.”
Nothing has changed,  nothing has been fixed, but Castiel feels lighter than he did when he arrived. The weight of those three words and the too big emotion that they capture now out in the open air. He picks up his toolbox as he stands, hoping that the walk home will be long enough for the redness of crying to leave his eyes.
Cas huffs and pulls the plug of his headphones out of their port in his phone. He puts it down on the table and rotates it so that it’s right-side-up for Dean before pushing play.
Little winded smiles grow on both of their faces until they’re grinning at each other like idiots. Very carefully, Dean reaches towards the hand Cas has resting on his thigh and gathers it into his own, weaving their fingers together and setting their now joined hands on his knee. Cas’s smile morphs into something moved, emotional and pleased, until he’s the most beautiful thing Dean has ever seen.
“You remember me?” Dean teases.
“Beautiful and waiting,” Castiel says softly. “To me, you are a feast. When you’re still like this, it makes it easier to consume you. Your body accepts my grace so readily, Dean, like you were made for it.” He uses his right pointer finger to draw circular patterns in Dean’s pubic hair, pushes more pleasure through it. Dean’s erection bobs and a single drop of precome runs lazily down the side of his shaft. “You’re very close.”
Castiel’s smile warms, “You’re welcome, Dean.”
“Just don’t get any ketchup on the seats back there, buddy.”
, Castiel lets out a thoughtful hum that Dean can feel in the tip of his nose. It makes him want to get closer still, and he hugs Cas a little tighter. Cause Cas just gets him so much. More than anyone ever has.
“If I were to show you a mirror, you’d agree with me.” A pause where the teasing deflates into Cas’s softer demeanor, those crushed velvet eyes. “You said that you had a bad dream?”
Dean, of course, does not respond in any physical way. His expression stays stuck with the same flat openness while his soul does twisting flips.
But soon enough she’s on her way as well, and Castiel is left alone with his sad little daydreams. It’s depressingly desperate, as though he is one of the many teenage girls in the town that turns bright red at even the mention of Dean Winchester’s name.
When both of them turn to Eileen with their swollen faces, her hand flies to her mouth in shock.
Finley fidgets. “I mean, I’m working on getting better at portraits and stuff but… This is gonna sound bad.”
“You’re sarcastic, even now. Why-” Dean stiffens under him and Castiel doesn’t wait for an answer. His hand slows but doesn’t still, petting over Dean’s erection. “-when I know you as well as I do? You hide, and for what, when I’m already touching you like this. You said yourself that I’m your best friend. Well, you’re my best friend, too, and I have seen the parts of yourself that you think you keep secret.”
The thought of his drunken and heartbroken dad trips into mind. He’s dead, too, but Dean doesn’t miss him. There will be no fanfare for John the way there will be for Mary. No one has the day off for the anniversary of the town drunk’s death. People barely liked John enough to show up at his funeral. Hell, Dean only showed up because it probably would’ve caused more stir if he hadn’t, and Dean would be happy to never hear another word spoken about John Winchester again. Sometimes the most comforting thing that Dean has to hold onto is that the man is six feet under.
Sam puffs out a disbelieving noise, his eyebrows going up towards his forehead as the corners of his lips twitch. He looks at Dean, who is only a few feet from them now, so Castiel follows his eye-line.
Dean looks away in an attempt to hide the pleased expression curling up on his face, but he isn’t particularly successful.
“I mean,” Dean shifts awkwardly, “it doesn’t bother me if it’s you. I just, it’d be nice to know. To be able to clock you if you’re around.”
Dean rolls his hips down gingerly and Castiel ceases to wonder anything at all.
“Would you like us to tell people?” she asks. When Dean looks at her, she has a kind face, gray hairs just beginning to touch her temples and roots.
Another easy listening sort, and Dean is starting to notice a pattern here between songs that are just fine for shaving to and songs that dig their fingers into his clammy repressed stomach until it feels like he got kicked in the balls.
Cas doesn’t say anything.
She smiles at him as warm as the color red. “I’ll see you around.”
“Dude!” Dean exclaims before his brain catches up with his mouth. There’s no use trying to be covert now, so he turns and stares at the guy. “Who drinks whiskey like that?”
There’s the quiet twinkling of water dripping into itself before Dean feels the touch of Cas’s fingers again. They come back soaking, like Cas got them as wet as he possibly could before touching Dean again. It feels like it’s two fingers, the middle and pointer, that Cas sweeps in a long stroke across Dean’s forehead. The water falls down Dean’s face in rivets, into the hollows of his eyes and down the line of his nose until it drips off the tip into his lap.
“And what is ‘it’ exactly?” Dean asks warily.
Jody takes a deep, deep breath. Dean grins.
He peers down at Dean. “Are you ready?”
Castiel frowns, tries to dredge up memories of the fight that seem on the periphery of his mind like a dream, but the images are vague at best. “Barely.”
So Castiel opens the jar and uses the blunt knife in front of him to spread the creamy mixture across the pancake. He looks up at Dean, who nods in approval. Dean continues to scrutinize him as he cuts a piece off and brings it to his mouth.
“Is that what they’re calling picnics now?”
Castiel blinks. “Oh.”
“Yeah.”
With an impish smile, Dean lets go of Cas to scooch back up the bed and lay his head down on his pillow. All the way over on the right side. He pats the open mattress beside him. “Lose the jacket and get in here, tiger.”
Cas looks at him curiously. “What are you smiling about?”
The words make Dean jolt, looking around guiltily, anywhere but his fucking Better Homes and Garden magazine that he’s half tempted to try hiding under his lap between his thighs and the plastic seat. But it’s too late anyway, and Cas is a lot nicer than Sam would be because he doesn’t mention the fact that the magazine is currently open to a recipe for lemon bars.
Dean pulls back, and Cas’s bottom lip is trembling.
Dean clears his throat very purposefully and says, “Thanks for the honey. I’ll just be on my way now,” much more loudly and obviously than necessary. Castiel has to repress a smile.
“I can give you a tour of the place while Dean makes dinner,” Sam says from behind Castiel’s back. “It’ll be cool to see your reaction to everything.”
The words run out, and just like that there is nothing more to say. One second he’s full to the brim with it and the next he’s so drawn that he is impacted on himself. It’s so fucking embarrassing for Cas to have to see this. God, anyone but Cas, and why did Dean think this was a good idea again?
“Seconded.”
Night falls after a sunset that makes Dean maybe a little bit happier to be alive, bringing with it the cool winds off of the ocean that chill you to the bone. Dean would know. He’s out digging up the grave while Sam keeps watch for any nosey tourists at the graveyard’s fenceline.
And there’s blue eyes in the warm light.
Now Castiel looks slightly alarmed. “Are you sure your head is alright?”
“The stall is in good hands for now,” Cas eventually answers in his own defense. “As am I.”
“I’d like that as well.”
is possessive, and it’s like Dean gets a glimpse into the Cas that wants to take him in and never let him go so that nothing can hurt him. Dean understands the sentiment all too well.
“Good,” Castiel chokes, dizzy with it, “So-so good.”
They don’t stop again, even as Dean continues to cry. The outpouring is almost at odds with his soul, which has been gradually returning to bronze, then redder, redder. Castiel’s pace grows until there is a noise with every thrust, and his mouth opens and drags wetly against Dean’s cheek.
It’s Anna who notices him, Cas with his back to the window, and she smiles that same knowing thing as yesterday when they meet eyes. She doesn’t even bother greeting Dean. Instead, she looks over her shoulder to say, “Bee, someone’s here for you.”
Castiel cannot look away from those green eyes as he feels something hot in his throat. It burns uncomfortably even when he swallows. His eyes are warm, too, with some sort of itchy dampness. His face creases in confusion.
He listens to the chorus, really listens, as she repeats it out to the close.
Finally, Cas falters. His orb draws back a few inches back to the foot of the bed, putting distance between them. “I’ve upset you again.”
“I’ll compare as much as I damn well please. All those people I hurt, all those souls I tortured in Hell, and you still told me I deserved to be saved. So you don’t get to tell me-” Dean’s upper lip curls against those tears that are dangerously close to the brink of his lash line, like they’ve been waiting to come out since the moment he woke up from his nightmare- “that this world is better off without you. You don’t get to say that to me.”
She blinks at him. “Finley.”
“I’m sure it will,” Dean replies. He digs into his pocket again, and this time he pulls out a silver piece that he sets on the counter. “Have a good one, guys.”
Her eyebrows raise slowly in surprise even as her mouth twitches into a playful sort of smile. “That I am.” She’s got a nice voice, too, Dean can’t help but think. Must run in the family. “You wouldn’t happen to be Dean, would you?”
“You crying with me or ‘cause of the song?” Dean rumbles.
Castiel smiles quietly. “Yes, I do.”
Silence lapses between them as Castiel pauses to think. He tilts his head and looks upward as he recalls the straggling customers. “There was a bald man with an enormous mustache that caught my attention. He was carrying two full bags of rocks. Just… rocks. I thought that he looked like he was on his way to be a weightlifter for a traveling show.”
Dean finds himself frowning in contemplation while he notices the way one of his shoelace bows is bigger than the other. Because he doesn’t know. He’s spent so much time mourning his loss of humanity that he never even wondered where that left him. What’s a breathing body if not a person?
“Way to spare my feelings, Cas.”
The farmer huffs out a chuckle and shakes his head. “Had a buddy just like that myself when I was younger. They might give you a few gray hairs, but they certainly keep you entertained.”
“Mmm. You know, Cas… You ran strategy for heaven, didn’t you? Warrior of God, if I’m remembering right, which I am.”
The question is loaded and layered despite how innocuous it is. Because to Dean, closing his eyes just takes away his ability to see, but to Eileen, it’s making herself vulnerable to him in a way that’s hard for Dean to wrap his head around. Eileen uses sight to communicate, to see signs and to read lips, so closing her eyes means… he can’t really imagine it if he’s honest with himself. Dean doesn’t know how many people he would trust with the power she’s giving him now. He wonders if she’s more comfortable with him than he originally thought. Definitely more than he deserves. He thinks about how the name she gave him meant
“What are you doing?” It comes out weary.
“Let me go, Cas,” Dean tries again, but even he can hear the exhaustion in his own voice. There’s a certain resignation to it all.
The muscles in Castiel’s legs tense. He gasps against Dean’s mouth. His eyes are clenched shut and his cheeks are hot.
“I believe I can feel it,” Cas taps his hand spread broad over Dean’s pec, “here. Your heart is beating very quickly.”
“Of course. I-” Cas stops, and his eyes flicker away self-consciously. “I guess it’s just- odd.”
Ella nods violently with a smile wide enough to show off her missing tooth.
early.
And suddenly neither of them can stop laughing.
“Baby?” Castiel asks hesitantly. “Is this not a car?”
Castiel thrusts up hitchingly. “
Then, voices.
Gee, Dean really wishes Taylor Swift wasn’t a goddamn mind reader. And hearing the chorus a second time isn’t any easier than the first.
The closest he ever gets to that disappearance is Cas’s stream on the days that Cas eats his lunch there.
Her expression softens and she says, “I’m fine. Just tired of being looked at like I’m an incubation tube.”
The rosy skin of Dean’s erection looks so inviting, and suddenly Castiel wants nothing more than to linger on it, be closer to it. He pulls back both of his hands and is somehow still surprised when Dean doesn’t try to follow or complain. His moaning pitters out with the lack of sensation, but there is no other response, not a finger twitched or an eyelid batted from the change of touch.
He cups Dean’s face in his hands and extracts the grace that had rendered him immobile. It takes a few seconds, gradual so that the sudden shift doesn’t shock Dean, but then it’s over as innocuously as it started.
That pleased, kind expression from before comes back over Cas’s face. “So you tried them all?”
” Sam seems ecstatic, “You managed to get Cas out here? Man, Eileen and I always tell him he’s welcome to hang out with us if he wants to come to one of these things, but he said it wasn’t his scene.” Then Sam gets a funny look on his face, a sort of sly and excited understanding that gives Dean a very bad feeling. “Oh my god,” Sam drops his voice, “you like him.”
Castiel freezes with the burger halfway to his mouth, lowers it back into the foil in his lap. Dean had just said…
It’s too much really, the odd banter of it. The friendly warmth of Dean’s voice instead of anything close to mocking. Castiel’s brain once again stutters to a halt.
“Yeah, Cas?” Dean whispers back just as softly.
But that was then, when it wasn’t Dean because Castiel thought it could never be Dean. Now, Dean’s cupid’s bow is the needle pointing North on a compass.
When Dean's sniffling finally subsides, Cas murmurs, “That seemed intense.” His tone is purposefully neutral, giving Dean room to wiggle out of the conversation if he wants to.
Both hands now, palms cupped underneath Cas. Dean doesn’t know if he’s ever truly been in awe of something in a way that doesn’t involve being terrified for his life. But here in his bedroom, he feels awe, the reverent kind that blooms carefully into a fuller understanding of exactly what Dean is holding, both in the objective and subjective: of cradling an angel, more importantly, of cradling Cas. The hidden Christmas of him that seeps into Dean’s skin and creates little pockets of winter in Dean’s hands.
Dean has to force back a blush, and when he’s unsuccessful, he uses the shaving cream on his hands to cover it up. “Heh,” he responds bashfully. He clears his throat and watches himself apply the shaving cream in the mirror to avoid meeting Cas’s gaze. “How’s heaven?”
“Yes, thank you,” Cas says as he takes the pillow as well. “Lift your hips.” When Dean does, Cas slides the pillow underneath them.
Dean drops the garbage bag on the floor and runs away.
The gathering in front of him gains more people rapidly, between long and sleepy blinks of Castiel’s eyes, while there is a measurable uptick in the volume of the crowd. Madeline begins to speak louder over the noise, yet Castiel can barely hear her. He stands up straighter, suddenly much more alert. There is no other explanation for it but a-
It makes Dean want to shudder, to fall apart, and at the same time that he has never been more elastic. A wrung-out towel that is being hung up lovingly to dry in Cas’s presence. Here with Cas, maybe Dean doesn’t have to protect himself because there’s nothing to protect himself from.
. Sam, I’m feeling woozy, you might need to waft some fucking vinegar into my nose or something.”
Suddenly, it’s Dean’s turn to start interrogating him again. “What do you remember about yourself?” He has a stern look on his face that covers his underlying concern as well as the mesh bags that hold oranges at the farmers market Castiel likes to visit. Dean, Castiel thinks, is a hard shell full of holes.
The words come out mean. They’re coated in guilt and confusion, and make Dean fracture right down the middle. When he opens his mouth to respond, nothing comes out. Cas watches his mouth open and close like a fish, and deflates, looks away again as he relaxes back into the chair.
It is just him and the lazy crickets. He doesn’t know if that makes it any easier to breathe. His brain is still fuzzy around the edges like it doesn’t want to snap all the way back to reality, like it’s still clinging to the false warmth of his dream.
“Perfect,” he mutters, straightening up in his chair and leaning in again. “Ready?” He crosses his middle finger over his pointer finger with the hand he has free and shakes it side to side.
“But you
Until he’s in a packed bar on a Saturday night when he really wishes it were an empty Wednesday.
There’s a spell, though, that can waive the leasing contract and grant Cas his own ownership of the body. It’s not all that complicated either, just some of Jimmy’s blood, some chanted words, and Cas’s grace to get the ship sailing again. Not even a bowl to hold the blood or anything, just the blood itself. Dean could kiss the motherfucker that wrote it if they weren’t very much dead probably a thousand years over.
And then he remembers Cas, the conversation they had last night, and he turns his blurry eyes towards his desk. The weak glow of the hallway light through the crack in his door barely catches Castiel’s shoulder, but it’s enough that if Dean squints he can make him out. When things start to focus, Dean almost does a double-take. Cas appears to be reading a book with rapt attention in the complete darkness.
, Castiel thinks but doesn’t say.
Cas rolls his eyes. “The Butterflies, you get them too?”
“Tonight!”
“As if you’re not a testosterone factory, too!”
It’s a Friday closing on a long but satisfying morning. Castiel finds that his steps are lighter than usual as he makes his biweekly walk to the Linden apiary. The overbearing summer sun has decided to take the day off in a much needed cloudy reprieve, and the marketplace that Castiel left Anna with was even more bustling than usual as people tried to take advantage of the cool spell. It makes for a pleasant journey, a soft breeze toying with his hair that he lifts his face up into in welcome.
“Dean even lets him ride in the Impala. I know, right? But if you could see this dog’s face, Cas. I don’t think I’d be able to resist, either. Sometimes, he goes on runs with me. And he adores Eileen, almost as much as Dean. Other than that it’s been pretty quiet around here. Really quiet, considering it’s us we’re talking about.” Sam sighs. “Jack’s up in Heaven now, doing his thing. He said he’d come visit, so hopefully we’ll get to see him soon. I hope wherever he is, he’s doing good. I hope you’re doing okay, too, Cas. I miss you, man. And Dean- Dean misses you even more, I think. Amen.”
“Fuck, that’s- why is that so hot? You’re not even doing anything.” Dean seems stuck between fidgeting and utter stillness, like he’s not sure if he wants to push into the sensation of Castiel’s mouth or not.
Cas still looks frazzled, but he manages an annoyed huff, “Dean, you’re aware I don’t watch porn.”
“That’s good. We actually slept in a little later than usual. It’s already eight. Sam’s on a run. He does that in the mornings because he’s crazy.” Dean explains, because Dean still thinks that Castiel doesn’t remember that Sam gets up at seven to go for his jogs. “You hungry?”
“Inside,” Dean groans. Cas’s finger hit his prostate again and he whines his own, “Please,” right back. The words come out of his mouth rushed and through gritted teeth, “Castiel, so fucking help me, I want you inside of me
“Nah, I think they escaped the worst of it.” Then, when Castiel stands at the shoreline with their underwear in hand, Dean adds, “Come on in, the water’s fine.”
“I think about being close to you. How dreams are, as I said, where both love and sex are equally rewarding.”
“Dean,” Cas says quietly, punched-out, while his eyebrows lift and pull together in disbelief.
Luckily, Cas just says all annoyed, “Believe me when I tell you that this was a much less strenuous process than possession. Not to mention that it
The bridge comes up, and god, the bridges are always the worst.
“Look at those clowns,” Eileen says through an amused laugh of her own. “Worse than two kids on a playground.”
“Well,” Dean leans forward so that he can put himself closer to the line of Cas’s lowered gaze. It works, because Cas’s eyes flicker to Dean’s and Dean holds them as he finishes, “how ‘bout you tell me what it is first.”
And then Cas is peeling away back out into the open. He takes all of the soft calm with him, all of that sturdy home, leaving Dean emptier for it. A hole in a hole is just a bigger hole. Dean is held together by unforgiving threads of himself that feel a lot lousier now that Cas isn’t a part of them. He looks at the moon a few feet in front of him. Clears his throat and pretends he’s not experiencing internal collapse. He’s gotten really good at it.
“Charlie, you didn’t risk anything.”
You have no idea, sister.
Castiel has sat and watched the entire life cycle of a star. He has been far more patient for far less than Dean Winchester.
“Just use spit, man,” Dean groans with frustration.
“You don’t. Think it’s silly, I mean.”
“Cas must’ve got hit with something earlier. He just dropped like a sack of fucking potatoes a minute ago. By the time I was checking on him, he had already woken up again, but now he doesn’t fucking know who we are.”
Castiel strokes with a steady pace, predictable where it ebbs and flows, at the same time that his other hand rasps fingernails against Dean’s scalp.
When he looks back down, Cas’s face is finally coming into view. His eyes are wide and startled, almost a little scared, and they meet Dean’s with something shaken. Dean feels his smile fall. The jovialness of his teasing leaves with it.
, and the
They wait until everyone else is occupied the next morning, when Cas is reading in the library and Sam is out for his run. But with the threat of Cas coming back to Dean’s room at some point, or Sam going into his and Eileen’s, Dean and Eileen end up pulling two chairs into the storage room and locking the door.
A bead of sweat drips from Dean’s temple all the way down to his neck, and Castiel watches the trail it makes. He thinks about the paintings on the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel, Adam’s exposed body as he came to creation through God’s divine touch.
“I love him.”
He and Dean Winchester need to stop meeting this way, or Castiel is going to suffer from cardiac arrest.
The girl turns at the sound of Dean and his posse, and Dean thinks he might recognize her from around town. Mostly because there’re only three red-heads here; one of them being Charlie, the other two being Rowena and a girl whose name he never figured out that he constantly mistakes for Charlie from behind. She also apparently works at the honey stall. Dean’s more out of the loop than he thought he was.
A beat. “What?”
“Lovely Dean,” Cas says almost placidly. That maybe drives Dean a little insane too. He bridges the few inches between them to kiss Dean’s slack mouth. “Look at how good you feel.”
“I’m afraid, too.” He risks stepping closer until he can feel the heat from Dean’s back a few inches from his chest. Dean is stock-still. “Perhaps, the important thing is that we’re scared together.”
A beat. “No,” Cas agrees, “I don’t.”
Dean presses one last lingering kiss to Cas’s lips before he finally leans back.
Dean’s soul purrs.
“Get his ass.” And this chick can sing. Listen to that tone, like he can hear the smirk through it.
Cas responds with continued kisses across his throat and to the other side of his neck, which Dean bares to give him more space. With Cas still inside of him like this, everything is perfect. Not even his own paranoia could touch him.
But Mystery Man doesn’t really seem to give a shit about the come-on and Dean can’t blame him when the lady has a laugh like that, no matter how cute she is. “Any whiskey is fine. No ice. Please.”
“Cas?” Dean prompts slowly. “Is that-”
“Yeah, it does, huh?” Dean mumbles almost unthinkingly.
Castiel thinks it is time to test her claim.
He wants to be defensive. He wants to feel angry because anger is familiar and easy. He wishes he wanted to tell Sam to mind his own fucking business.
Maybe they are grieving the same exact thing.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold your horses, pal. It sorta feels like we’re having two different conversations here. What are- Cas, look at me.” Dean shoves at Castiel’s shoulder and the sudden force actually startles him enough to follow Dean’s order. His face is all tight confusion and he’s frowning. “What are you talking about?”
“Shhh-
“Yeah…” Dean says so unsurely that it’s practically a question.
“You can hold them.”
“Cas,” Dean tries the name in his mouth first, somewhere familiar. “Castiel.” His fingers skim feather-light in patterns over the delicate skin of Cas’s face.
“Whatever you want.” Cas’s gaze is sympathetic.
,” Dean cries, and Castiel can feel where his mouth is agape, can imagine the way his eyebrows are drawn up “
“Hey there, girl. Oh, man, I missed you. Pretty thing.” Dean coos as he treads closer. “Did you miss me, sweetheart?”
Castiel turns back around and tries to stop his heart from catching. He sets the jar down on the window counter in front of Dean. “This should be enough for you to make a practice cake as well.”
Dean likes this new conclusion even less than he liked the last one.
Sam breathes a laugh. “I mean, I’m covered in sweat, man, but, uh, go for it.”
There Cas goes again with his bravery, and Dean thinks he may owe him for the rest of his life. Shame burns deep down in Dean’s gut, still, in a place that’s most likely going to take a while to clean out all of the way, because it’s one thing to say the words and another thing to act on them. But Castiel always knows, and he offers his own confession like an outstretched hand for Dean to take.
Dean looks over at Cas to see a warm expression on his face, if not a little bit curious over Dean’s shifting tone. For once, Dean doesn’t mind being watched curiously. Maybe he even likes it.
The soft, happy spark that rises at Cas’s words douses itself out in rapid succession. The paranoia crawling under his skin represses the warmth trying to rise with a desperate fear like drowning, like waking up and realizing your nightmare was actually a memory. All that comes out of Dean’s mouth is a noncommittal, “Ah.”
But just like that it’s gone again as Dean continues, “It’s just that you and Gabe are so- uh- different.”
And the tug in him that never left is stronger now, calling him to reach out to where Cas is standing, because Cas is so strong, maybe strong enough to hold Dean in the way he can finally admit he needs. He clambers up onto his knees, only throwing a spare thought to the fact that he’s in his
Mr. Davis perks up even more, and says very seriously, “You just name it, son. Consider it done.”
“Kissing is another way to show love,” Cas breaks the tension, and his voice sounds unsure for the first time. “Mothers kiss their babies, a person kisses their lover, the French kiss to say hello. Sometimes, saying hello is a form of love.”
He takes that as his dismissal to go back to entertaining the masses. It’s not all perverts, and the kids who came with the more polite adults seem to be having fun in the ever-changing streams of water that Rowena is magically manipulating from the sidelines. Not to mention that the swan parts of Dean’s brain are having a fucking field day, so it’s not all terrible. He stretches one of his wings out so that a massive, shivering stream of water falls along it. God, that’s the good stuff.
Apparently, all he can manage is, “Right. Sure. No big deal.”
“It’s a book about honey bees. They’re so fascinating, with their intricate dances and innate navigational skills. Some of them are even domesticated to help with crop production, did you know that? The way one would own pets, but also not. I feel like I am constantly learning from them. I certainly have a fondness for them that I don’t have for some other creatures…” Cas trails off, managing to sound disdained and guilty at the same time from the omission. “This may sound silly, but I’ve been thinking about making a section of heaven for them.”
“I’m here.”
“Well, Dean and I
And then Dean hears it coming, from a distance, from the other end of the long hallway outside. Pop! Then a second later, closer, pop! As if on a metronome, the lightbulbs lining the hallway explode one by one while Dean and Cas stare at each other. Pop! A beat. Pop! A beat. Pop! Ten seconds later, and the two are holding onto each other in the room even darker than before, no light in the hallway to even trickle in.
, a sparkle emoji, and then,
Without bothering to answer Dean’s accusations, Cas’s knees shuffle closer to the foot of the bed until they’re in line with Dean’s naked hip. Here, Cas presses his tongue into Dean’s belly button. It’s a really bizarre feeling that Dean isn’t sure exactly what to do with. Almost too intimate, almost too vulnerable. But hot at the same time, both literally and metaphorically, until Dean actually squirms. From here, Cas’s face is in profile to him, and Cas’s eyes are closed like he’s savoring the moment, so Dean cards his fingers through Cas’s hair as goosebumps erupt across his skin. He doesn’t ask Cas to stop.
“I want it to be him, Linden,” Castiel finally confesses wetly as looks out to the empty water and imagines a swan there. “I want it to be Dean that holds my hand. He is- he is my favorite.” Some of that ripping sadness leaves Castiel with dredges of bittersweet softness. “I suppose that’s the most important part. Somehow I could not enjoy his company more even at the same time that I want to-” he shakes his head.
And sure enough, Cas responds with a soft, “You’re not fine.”
Maybe if Dean could form words he’d say
“Now, I
“You gonna hang out while I commit a felony?”
Cas’s fingers twitch around the earbuds he’s still holding, and the movement draws Dean back to the matter at hand.
Cas’s chest is heaving as he pulls away so he can look down at Dean, intense eyes flitting around like he’s trying to soak up every detail before landing on Dean’s face and groaning at whatever he sees.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to bother you-”
Dean rolls his eyes because he doesn’t know what else to do when his stomach feels like this, when his cheeks are turning rosy. “Yeah, alright. Just- promise me you’ll at least give it a shot?” He’s too tired to stop himself from adding, “I worry about you, man.”
Dean laughs. “Dude, this is like- I don’t even know. It feels awesome.”
“Is that so?”
Castiel pushes into Dean’s heat, and his whole body tenses against his need to come. He’s so close, has been so close, from the moment they started, and he has to shut his eyes as he settles himself. He lets out a long, slow breath, and then pushes in further as he watches for any signals of discomfort from Dean. None come, and then Castiel is all the way inside of him.
As if reading his thoughts, Dean’s body settles even more heavily until there is no space between them and Castiel is taking the majority of Dean’s weight. Dean becomes the most comforting of blankets.
The light of him feels like it’s running hotter than Dean remembered, too, like a furnace curled up along Dean’s body, magnified until it’s a blanket instead of a fabric patch. The Christmas and the morning sensation is so strong that it almost makes Dean dizzy. His eyes want to fall closed in peace against the way his heart thuds on, and what even is that, if not just Cas? It’s so safe, and so affectionate, and it feels like- like-
“That’s cold,” Dean shakes his head, and Eileen makes a motion as if she’s shivering. He flips her the bird when Sam is turned around. She just laughs.
Obviously, but maybe Dean wants to ask just because he already knows that the answer is yes. The patch of his scalp that Cas’s lips had been pressed into tingles.
And how does she even do that with just a guitar and rhyming words? Must be what she gets paid the big bucks for.
He decides to retie all of the twine lengths that keep the color-coded labels attached to the honey jars. It’s productive, he tells himself, because right now they don’t have bows in them and he thinks they could use some bows. And maybe if he keeps his hands busy, his brain will be occupied with the task as well, and the secret fluttering in his stomach will take the rest of the day off.
Cas is staring at him blankly. Just staring. His lips are pursed, only a little, like he’s trying to come to a decision, but the rest of his face is vacant. It’s unnerving to see the expression on the angel now, an expression Dean hasn’t seen in years.
Something shifts in Dean’s expression in the tiny window of the mirror, a soft sort of empathy behind a furrowed brow. Dean’s eyes are so green, so tactile, so- so- it sparks inside of Castiel like wildfires and the rings of Saturn in the jaw of space. “You know what friendship is, don’t you?”
He wants to argue, wants to deny it, but he knows there’s no use. “How did you know?”
“That’s ‘cause there’s little barbs that keep all my feathers stuck to my wing.”
“Sam! We have a
“Umm,” Dean feels giddy like he hasn’t in years. There’s a smile trying to force its way up to his mouth and he doesn’t know whether to laugh or not, especially with the way Cas’s eyes are so big it’s almost comical. Dean nods. “Right, okay, good.”
Dean keeps his eyes closed as he pulls away. He’s sure his cheeks are a ruddy pink and his lips are swollen. His heart is going a mile a minute. When his eyes finally open, it’s to find Cas staring at him in dazed amazement.
Cas manages to look absolutely taken aback and fond all at once.
The pressure building inside of Dean is like a tea kettle about to go off. Castiel rubs and touches and sets him off with ecstasy. But as it grows, he feels Cas pulling away. He wants to latch on, cling to him, but finds that he can’t.
And Dean understands. “Yeah,” he agrees softly, flexing his thighs to lift back up. The sensation makes him shudder in Cas’s lap. “Oh-” Cas pushes up to meet him, hands dropping back to Dean’s hips- “
Until now, he thinks, in a way that only just recently stopped feeling wrong. Because there’s peace now and he’s allowed to have it. And maybe all those years of falling for Cas felt like they’d inevitably put him in the ground, too, but they didn’t. Somehow he landed on a bed of pillows.
“Dean, I…”
When Dean looks up again, Cas is smiling. “Yes, she’s very beautiful,” he says, like he’s glad that Dean agrees. “She is one of my favorites.”
“Jesus,” he wheezes. It takes him another few deep breaths to speak. His eyes remain closed “That was- definitely glory. Definitely.”
stretch him out beyond recognition. He’s pinned in place. His stomach writhes.
It is so odd. Castiel is aware that he technically knows the men, but here and now they are strangers. And yet, within the span of seven hours, he feels safer near them than he has anyone else he can remember in his existence.
“Cas- Cas, I want to. To do something about it. But-”
“You,” Castiel says slowly, “want to…” The world has dropped from underneath him. Because it sounds like Dean is saying that he wants to figure out how to turn this desire into a reality. That Castiel’s rapid uptick in arousal at the idea of a sleep-warm Dean Winchester might gain traction.
Dean wonders if they should talk about it. For the first time since Cas got back, he feels like he may be able to. But Dean’s so tired, can’t get his now quiet and sleepy brain to filter any of the emotions he’s processing and turn them into the right words. So he settles on a watery smile in Cas’s direction. Just knows that he wants Cas to stay. How nice it would be even if he did startle from a nightmare to find Cas safe and sound within reaching distance.
And Dean loves him. Dean loves him and loves him until it feels like it’s got a hold of his throat and it’s wringing him dry. He’s hanging on a clothesline in the breeze of a summer day in the warmth of the sun, of Cas’s gummy smile, of the light coming off of a celestial wavelength that wants to hold his hand. Everything is coming to a head in a point so sharp that it becomes a needle, and Dean is a pincushion. How inescapable is his blooming chest in the low light of his bedroom, the feeling of being held in place feeling so much more like being
goes on for years. Dean might have to nix this one from the daily playthroughs on Sam’s speaker. He doesn’t think Sam will mind too much.
Finally, Dean turns to him. “Say it anyway.” His eyes are begging, exhausted, like maybe he is just as tired as Castiel is.
What he doesn’t expect is the way Cas kisses the opposite thigh that his hand’s on, Dean’s left, and parrots Dean’s words from earlier back to him. “It’s sexy how smart you are.”
Castiel stares back at Dean with not even two feet between them. He is there like his existence is possible. Dean does not breathe. Dean does not breathe.
“Alright,” Cas nods to himself, seemingly deciding where he wants to start. “Well, I suppose it happened in stages. There was certainly a difference between loving you, realizing that I loved you, and then accepting that I loved you.”
With that, Sam turns around and makes his way back through the doorway into the kitchen where he came from.
Oh, sweet domestic thing. Oh, comfortable bedtime rituals.
“You totally got this,” Charlie reassures him.
“I- uh- Well, I missed you.”
” he sounds surprised by his own pleasure.
Maybe it’s just someone who’s lost, he tries to reason with himself. There is no evidence that the person is here to cause him harm, and there is a walking trail that leads here after all. Though, Castiel has never seen anyone else out here before.
“Uh-huh…”
Their gaze holds, and Castiel applies pressure to Dean’s temple without the assistance of Dean’s own hand. “I cannot wait to be
Dean looks a second from crying, as close as he gets anyway, where his bottom lip trembles. He looks at Castiel like his insides are falling apart and there is no red mesh bag to catch them.
“Heaven is good.” Cas sits up straight, hands folded neatly in his lap. “Not much progress has been made if I’m honest. All of the big changes have been taken care of, but the little things will take longer to work out.” He sighs wearily, but he’s smiling underneath it. “Last night I was helping Jack decide how to split the workload of creation, miracles, and defense strategies between the angels.”
And Cas must like that reaction because his forefinger joins his thumb and he pinches.
“So you see why I go by Cas?”
They sit on the Dean Cave couch in varying states of disarray as the final lyrics of the closing song, evermore, play over Sam’s speaker.
noise. Dean can almost imagine Cas’s- or Cas’s vessel, at least- eyebrows drawn in thought. “It’s as close to my real voice as I can project without causing you harm.”
“Can I see you?”
The hands on his shoulders start to grip, moving closer to Dean’s neck where he feels thumbs press into the tense tendons there. They start to rub in circles, and Dean finds himself relaxing in spite of his frustration.
Dean doesn’t seem to mind the blood but makes a face at the dirty shoes.
Quiet falls in between them as Dean cracks an egg into the oiled pan.
“I’m not done yet, got something else,” Dean says. It earns him a sleepy, noncommittal grunt. “C’mon, angel. I gotta move for this part.”
“Yes,” Cas finally breaks the silence to say, “I think I can see the appeal. It’s like opening a gift.”
He’s so beautiful. Really actually beautiful in a way that makes Dean ache.
“Oh, yes,” Cas sighs, “better than you could comprehend. You have quite the talent.”
“There is that, too. Maybe.”
“Yeah, yeah, buzzkill. One of these days I’ll get you to break and watch something with me.”
Both of Dean’s eyebrows raise now, and the hand that he was wiping his sniffling nose with freezes.
To his shock, her shoulder hunch the slightest bit. “Tingles,” she says gleefully.
“I’m truly sorry,” Cas nearly whispers. “My intentions were never to hurt you like this. That is no excuse, but you have to know that I didn’t choose to leave like that because I wanted to. I did not want to leave you, Dean.”
He starts at the most logical place he can think of: Cas’s YouTube watch history.
Charlie straightens herself against Dean faster than she has any right to with how groggy she looked just a second before. She reaches through the service window to where Castiel’s hand is resting on the countertop, and she grabs it into hers.
Most of the bees are out scavenging, only about a quarter of the hive’s population here. Castiel looks for the queen amongst them. He pulls out the first sheet of honeycomb and doesn’t find her there. The honey in it is halfway to ready, probably just a few more weeks until he can harvest from this hive again.
“Eileen, I need your help.”
As per Sam’s suggestion, Dean stays standing a few feet away. “You sure you’re good? I know this is probably freaky as fuck, us knowing you and you not knowing us. But, uh, it’s temporary.”
The trail ahead is littered with gnarled tree roots that make riding a little trickier, not that you’d ever be able to tell with how well Baby handles on it. It slows them down, though, and Dean finds himself not minding all that much. Things feel a little bit more manageable now that he’s come to some sort of decision on how he’s going to spend the shitshow that is tomorrow.
“Put your clothes on.” He throws them down in a heap into the wet grass. Then he turns on his heel and spans the incline to the apiary clearing, leaving Dean behind him. The sound of water splashing reaches his ears, shuffling.
When Dean turns at the voice, he sees Mr. Davis leaning out of his produce stall with his hand raised in a wave. Dean refrains from rolling his eyes. It’s not that Mr. Davis is a particularly bad person, just an annoying kiss-ass, in that smarmy way that he probably brags to all of his buddies at the bar that he and Dean are just the best of friends. Meaning to say that Mr. Davis greets Dean whenever he sees him, and Dean greets him back to be polite.
“I’d enjoy seeing you in assless chaps,” Cas whispers back just as casually, and Dean almost swallows his tongue.
But Dean’s silly heart does an endeared dip when his and Cas’s eyes meet like a physical beam that cuts across the short distance. Except- Dean knows he’s a few yards off, but he can’t think of any other word to describe Castiel’s expression other than
Dean’s soul turns into a chartreuse hue of greedy curiosity.
“Mmmm,” she hums, “you smell good.”
Of course, Dean thinks, Castiel would not be scared.
When Castiel peers up at him, Dean’s soul is shifting like kneaded dough, as though it is trying to invert itself. It’s bronze in color, the way that it gets when Dean finds something extremely satisfying.
“Not yet. Like I said, keep going.”
He grabs his bag off of the table and walks back into the hallway they came from.
“Perhaps I’ll mark both so that people won’t miss it,” he mumbles only half-sarcastically as he leans in and presses his mouth against the tendon that runs down the left side of Dean’s neck, Castiel’s right, holds Dean still as he worries the skin between his teeth.
Dean doesn’t even have it in himself to downplay it. “It was fucking awesome, Cas. God, best sleep I’ve had in, hell, in decades! A whole ten hours,” he lets out a whistle. “I think that may be a world record for me. Whatever miracle juice you injected into my brain, dude, you gotta give some to Sammy. Lord knows the kid could use it.”
His absolute bafflement must show on his face because Sam sighs and runs a hand through his long hair. “He just wants to know if you’re hungry for something specific.”
“Not if I go down first.”
Before Dean has a chance to respond, Castiel fits his slick hand back into the constraints of his boxers. He gets aloe on the waistband, but Dean doesn’t seem all that concerned when Castiel’s wet fingers wrap around where he’s still hard and hot.
“I thought that we were washing our underwear,” Castiel says without any hostility.
Because Dean remembers how he likes his eggs because Dean cares about him. And even though Castiel has his memories back, it still feels significant. “Yes,” Castiel says distantly, “that sounds good.”
“It’s fine, Dean,” Jo waves him away, “I promise. Thanks for your help, I’m just being grumpy.”
As Dean walks away with a performative casualness, he takes a large amount of the people with him. The noise of the market dies back down until Castiel can hear Madeline’s lecture again, a calm that holds a sense of reprieve from just that minute of chaos. As innocuously as he can, Castiel grabs the handles of the window’s shutter from near its top trim and pulls it down, closing his stall off to the outside world. Now, the only light that leaks in comes from the unsealed seams of the service window and the back door, turning the stall’s interior into a cool and dark cocoon against the summer day.
Just like before, Cas’s body is almost worryingly still, like if he allows himself to move for something as small as a breath he’ll miss an important detail or sensation. It makes Dean want to get a rise out of him even more. Dean leans in closer until he’s puffing hot air onto Cas’s ear and whispers, “It’s heavenly, Castiel. Heavenly, heavenly, heavenly. And I know all about heavenly.”
Cas wraps around him like an affectionate cat made of fog.
There is a beat of silence. “I’m not really sure what you’re getting at, man.”
“I knew that I felt differently for you than I did for Sam, but I had assumed it was because of our bond. Part of me always knew that wasn’t the case, but I clung to the idea because I was… afraid. Once I broke allegiance with Heaven, it was much easier to face. But even after I was able to recognize what I was feeling, I was… unsure of what to do with it.”
“Butterflies,” he says at the same time Cas does, except there were more voices that spoke than just them. Four voices. Dean shoots a look over his shoulder to where Eileen and Sam are huddled close and staring at him and Cas in awe.
But Dean just chuckles, and there’s light amusement in his expression. “Your face, man. Listen, I’m not young enough or dumb enough to think that people don’t recognize me and know who I am. Any of us for that matter.” Dean squeezes Charlie with his arm, and she nods along happily. “I promise it’s okay. I mean, it is my name.”
And every sensation is new in a way that makes Dean hyperaware of his own body. Where their lips are tender and moving, talking, sharing a moment of profound closeness and greeting warmth. Know me, they bid politely. You know me, don’t you? And it's coming home and it’s scratching a deep itch and it’s standing with your toes hanging off of the edge of the highest precipice with no fear of the fall ahead of you.
Dean can hear the breath that catches in Cas’s throat, feels the way that Cas’s fingertips pet fragile along the hollow of his cheek. “This body- I know that it’s not-”
“It’s okay,” Dean finds himself soothing even when he’s not certain of a single thing. Not a single thing. Just that Cas’s hand cradling his head feels real good. “I mean, it’s nice. You don’t have to stop, I just-” He shifts on the stool. “What if someone sees?”
“Ya don’t say,” Dean replies without any heat. And now, suddenly, he would do anything to see Cas’s face. Wants to know the exact expression pulling on his features. Very slowly, Dean opens his eyes.
but there is nothing humorous in Dean’s expression, with even his smile having fallen away. After a long drawn moment, Dean is the one to break the silence between them when he quietly clears his throat and juts his chin out at Castiel. “Your turn.”
He can imagine the scene inside that he left behind with the flimsy excuse that he needed to get some fresh air. Sam, Cas, and Eileen were probably in the Dean Cave watching a movie, some chick flick that Sam insisted was necessary for Cas to see. The thought of their patchwork family together again, safe, possibly even
Dean and Sam look at each other in the front seat.
“You addressed me with a word that means friend. Are we… friends?”
Dean’s expression strains in disgust. “I really don’t like that you’re right.”
Kiddo. Kiddo. Kiddo. It repeats like a skipping record in Castiel's mind. It’s just like that night, he thinks, the softness that Dean talked to the child, Ella, with. Where there is no one to see or applaud his gentle nature. Because he has one, that is undeniable. Perhaps that is all he is. Charming and teasing and confident, sure, but those things become the shell that he shows others until this gentle nature underneath is only peaked at through drawn-back curtains once everyone has gone home.
And what do you say to that? When a stranger tells you that you remind him of the best person he knows? Apparently, little shy flowers shudder and bloom in your stomach.
“I’m looking for honey,” Dean replies with a smile.
Dean’s first instinct is to laugh, to let the words run off of him and into the ground, even though it’s obvious what the answer to the question is. Wasn’t there always something wrong with Dean Winchester? At this point, Dean thinks Cas just asks out of courtesy. It’d be so easy to brush Cas’s concern away, and yet. And yet, he thinks of all of the ways Chuck had been a part of this thing, had broken him over and over again in the name of his stupid fucking stories. He thinks about what Chuck’s Dean would have done, and it doesn’t take a genius to figure it out. He can almost hear his own voice, “
Handsome and so goddamn earnest, like Cas wouldn’t even know how to lie if the devil taught him how to. Dean feels that honesty down to his bones where every weird and unsavory facet of himself, every strange little urge, is on full display against the yellow afternoon sunshine that lights the room through Cas’s cracked blinds. And Cas is still looking at him like that.
And Dean would do anything to keep seeing that smile.
“You should show it to him,” she says more quietly. “I bet he’d like it.”
“I got another one if you want more,” Dean says as he pulls back onto the main road. He takes two right turns, and then they’re merging back onto the highway. He holds out his hand in front of Sam, and Sam places a few french fries into his palm that Dean messily eats as he drives.
“Oh, uh, right. I was thinking about trying to make honey cake. My friend, her birthday is coming up and honey cake is her favorite, so I’m gonna try to surprise her.”
“Ohhhh,” she says in genuine wonder as she stares up at Dean’s wings with a seemingly newfound appreciation for them.
“Yeah?” Dean asks soft. Hopeful. But he knows Cas would never call him out for it somehow. Here where it’s just the two of them.
“Right,” Dean huffs and deflates into something more serious, more genuine. “But I trust you, dude. That’s the point of all of this, right?” And he is looking up at Castiel with big eyes that betray every terrible thing that Dean Winchester has seen in his life. It makes Castiel’s grace swoop and burn brighter like some protective omen. Nothing, he vows, will happen to this man if Castiel has something to say about it.
“Just-” and Dean can’t even think of a bullshit response. “Just stay there for a sec.”
“Alright, Sammy said this should be pretty easy. We just have t-”
exactly?” Castiel is getting tired of being the only one who doesn’t seem to know what’s going on.
Dean falls back into him like he’s jumping out of an airplane without a parachute. No more barriers, no more trivial bodies to get in the way. They’re blending down to the atom, down to where Dean can feel his soul crawling out and unraveling. He’s so sensitive, he realizes distantly. Everything is raw like newly healed skin that hasn’t seen the light of day. But it feels so good.
“Inside,” Dean purrs, “In me.”
Castiel thinks that he must be nodding because Dean’s smile grows wider. And then Dean is pushing down his own underwear.
The confirmation is overwhelming, overbearing, the ageless vastness of Castiel. Until Dean doesn’t know how to handle the fact that a being that held stars in its hands is also Dean’s best friend who Dean has made ride in the backseat of the Impala. A being that’s currently riding in Dean.
Cas purses his lips in indignation, but sits down at the desk by the door as requested, turning the chair around to face the bed.
They finally arrive at the honey stall. The sun shines down luminously until the air seems to shimmer with it, a baking heat that cracks the dirt of the footpath. It reminds Castiel of the day he first met Dean. “I have to open the stall now. Enjoy the rest of your day, Charlie. And say hello to Dean for me.”
“Cas. Cas, are you okay?”
Backtrack. He needs to not be doing this. Maybe he can pretend he was delirious from sleep exhaustion and terror. Dean’s about to recoil his outstretched and open palm when suddenly, there’s warmth against his fingertips. Oh God. He’s made fragile in its wake, shaking even though his hand is steady, and his heart- his heart is his own in a way that it hasn’t been in years, beating out. Oh, it’s beating out.
Jo gives him a look that’s an answer all by itself.
Beside Dean, Charlie rolls her eyes even as she smiles. “It’s a game that Dean made up when we were younger ‘cause he thought Rock, Paper, Scissors was too boring for when we needed to decide arguments.”
The nerves in Castiel’s chest settle back out slightly. “I agree. It is… ‘so fun’. The bees, the honey, it’s all rather miraculous when you think about it. These little creatures turn something that would be indigestible to the human stomach into something that could soothe a sore throat. Not to mention it is delicious.”
The water is cool against his skin, refreshing in opposition to the summer’s heat, and it splashes out in droplets around him from the impact. He finds his footing on the slippery stream floor easily. When Castiel looks over, Dean is already watching him.
Then, Dean is stepping away from the stove towards the table Castiel is at and there’s a steaming plate of pancakes set under his nose. “Plus,” Dean adds, “these are your favorite behind hamburgers.”
Castiel did not think it was possible for him to get harder, but he was wrong.
Cas catches her hand in the air and holds it gently in his. He brings it to his mouth and kisses her middle knuckle with all the chivalry and tenderness of a royal subject to a queen. But his eyes are somewhere else. Locked on Dean’s face. “My beloved,” he says into Eileen's hand.
But a reprieve means that something ugly is about to follow. Dean looks at his phone and-
Dean watches Sam’s fingers trace lazily at Castiel’s name.
Sam doesn’t say anything as he passes behind Dean to get to the other side of him, where he sinks to the floor a few feet away to sit with his back leaning up against the half-wall Dean is shooting over.
Cas doesn’t seem to have the same qualms, but he was always braver than Dean was.
Let’s pretend, Dean thinks, that we’re married. That I’m not too much of a coward to ever marry you. Let’s pretend to be two little moons at an altar, crying happy tears and holding hands on a day that leads us to five years later when everything is comfortable and lived in. Not a monster in sight, just Jeopardy on the TV after dinner, and you’d know more of the answers than me because you lived through them. Play house with me? This is your bedroom, too. I’m saving the left side of this tiny bed for you.
Dean might need to sit back down again, actually. He swipes at the bottom of his face and closes his eyes. “She’s nuts. She’s actually batshit, looney-bin central. Sister record to
“But we have to make them before we can eat them, right? I’ll scoop the batter onto the griddle and count them for you.
“Would you like me to prepare you traditionally or with my grace?”
“Gibi, sister, you’re about to find a wildly expensive fruit basket in your P.O. box.”
And it turns out that Dean had gotten through all the hard parts of the song, anyway, because the chorus just repeats as a twanging guitar and harmonica play out Taylor repeating,
“Yep. Right to your lips. Hold on, let me try to get- okay, I’m gonna pull on three.”
“Hey,” Anna snaps good-naturedly from behind him, and Castiel jolts from where his head had been propped on his elbow. He blinks to clear his foggy eyes. “You disappeared on me again.”
