"Nat!" They run towards each other and hugged. They both let go of each other and Nat looked at Steve, smiling.
“Honestly, 10 thousand dollars is like pocket change to him sometimes.”
Thor smiled. "Great."
"Stark." The man scoffed. "That son of a bitch. First my weapons, now my omega? When did you find out?"
“Enough! Go home Stark.” Happy looked at Tony angrily.
“It’s not nothing if he’s like this.” She snapped.
Steve shook his head, body shivering and his eyes were already filled with tears, ready to fall.  "N-No.."
“You alright Steve?” Sam asked gently.
“Don’t fucking talk to me like that.” Tony was suddenly in rage. He is not like this really but his Alpha instinct is showing up since he met Steve. Why is everyone stopping him from talking to his Omega?
How did he even know Bucky? Steve looked at Bucky who had his eyes close and growled. “Stark.”
"Will you stop being a pussy! It's not like we haven't done something like this." She looked at him pissed.
"One of them."
"No, no, I'm more than willing to help Steve. I'm just surprise that he even agreed to this..knowing him...you know...very independent." Thor said nervously which caused Sam to raise a brow at him.
“Steve..are you alright?” Steve looked at the source of the voice and saw Happy.
“Yes, sir.”
“The condition for the apartment is 6/10.”
"I don't know.. I just have a bad feeling. Let's just go there for awhile."
"What?!"
“Tony, I don’t know what you’re thinking but I sure as hell know that it is going to bad and I will not allow you to do whatever it is that you’ve planned.”
"Don't worry I'm going to get Steve back okay." Nat hung up. There's going to be a lot of explaining to do.
“Thank you.” Steve said and the nurse went out.
Steve got out of their hold. "NO! H-He's out there!" He sobbed hard that he started to cough. His head started to feel light and dizzy. The world around him seems to be spinning that his head almost hit the ground if not for Sam who caught him in time.
The man growled.
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY! As a gift I know ya'll missed our baby Peter!!
Everybody looked at Thor weirdly.
The elevator dinged and opened which was not noticed by both.
"Tell Steve if Natasha is not there then we're coming over."
“You should get in. It’ll be dangerous if you’re the last one.”
"Things under the government will never be right. Too much corruption." Natasha shrugged. "You know, Wanda...kinda has this idea."
"Look, yes! I know! I never thought he would be like that with Steve. What he did is very wrong, I will never deny that. But...I've seen this Alpha when I was at the mansion. I don't like his vibe one bit. As much as I don't exactly like Mr. Stark now...I do still see a little good in him. But that Alpha..." Peter was quiet.
“Peter as much as I want to send you home, I need you to tell me where Steve is. Tony and Happy are still not back from their search. Thanks to someone’s brother I heard.” Pepper glared at Wanda to which the latter looked at her confused.
Tony's heart stopped and accidentally choked on his own saliva. "Near...the Taco truck?"
Steve was not aware of it but he was breathing a bit faster than usual.
Sam and Wanda looked at each other and nodded. "Call him."
"God, I knew this would go wrong! I am going to kill that son of a bitch." Tony growled.
Bucky just stayed quiet as he poured himself a glass of whiskey.
Peter ran out of the cab but stumbled down as soon as he was only running a few steps on the pavement. “Ugh.” He groaned, massaging his legs.
"Don't worry I know what to do."
"W-Where are taking me?" Steve nervously asked as Bucky walked with him in a fancy dim-litted hall.
Steve blinked in confusion at the sudden rage.
“I…may have asked Steve to-“His voice was muffled by the Omega’s hand on his mouth.
"T-That actually sounds nice. But I have never really show anyone my paintings except for my mom, you guys and...Bucky." Steve started to look gloomy again but Peggy would not have that.
If it was even possible Steve blushed a shade darker.
"W-Who would order you?"
"Steve, of course I will!"
"Well...apparently yes." He tried to keep a straight face but failing miserably. He could not process the fact that his new boss just harassed him on his first day.
"Peter, verbally or physically, no Omegas should ever go through that. Ever." He looked at him intensely.
"And we'll do all that." Sam said.
Steve nodded as he blushed. "Well, you are going to protect our country. You deserve a good meal before you fight for our nation."
“Mr. Rogers! You’re not supposed to be out!” A nurse came running and motioned Sam and Steve to go back in the room.
"Well, he is dangerous and slick. Might be an advantage if there's someone who knows his internal operation." Happy said and even Pepper nodded in agreement.
Tony’s face tightened. “Don’t test me.”
“Well, you’ve been daydreaming for the past 5 minutes. I called you to come down for dinner.”
He even pulled out some whips, stockings and chained collars that made him smirk.
Steve gave Happy a look of disapproval but Happy gave him the ‘I-know-that-you-hate-that-but-I’m-trying-to-protect-you-from-the-Alpha’ look. Steve then nodded a little.
"Gosh, I forgot you both can be super cheesy."
“Yes, I’m aware I’m an Omega. I know what the society thinks. Weak, fragile and only good for breeding. But that’s why I need to prove them wrong!”
Tony laughs a little. “Yeah, they’re always like that.” Tony just smiles as he stares at him which made Steve a little uncomfortable. He realized the Alpha’s arm is still around him and gently nudges to which the Alpha reluctantly lets go.
Happy rolled his eyes. "You know this could go way better if you just treat him right."
Peter suddenly felt bad and looked at him guiltily. This guy did ends up helping him out with Steve anyway. He couldn’t be that bad.
"I am not leaving you here!" He grabbed Steve's wrist.
"Mmmph! Ngh! Mmph!" Steve tried to shook his head around and even push him off but Bucky's hold on each of his wrist were so hard he was losing stamina.
“You want to sure more right?” Steve looked at him pleadingly, giving him a look that he does not want them to know. God those sky blue eyes are going to be the death of him.
Without any warning Bucky buried his face in the warm flesh between Steve’s legs, tongue darting out to lick the pink puckered hole.
Sam pulled away from the hug and smiled. “Y-You’re here! How are you here?”
“Obviously no. But I’m sure you know me. Everyone knows me.” The Beta besides him groaned.
"Hey, we need to stock up things a bit for Manhattan, that city ain't cheap. It's a good thing my cousin has a good and cheap place for us to crash. Though it'll be a bit cramped since it's a studio apartment."
"No! No! It's totally understandable. It's just that..I'm surprised that it was... Mr. Stark."
"Yeah, just got here today. I didn't have the time to properly introduce him to you. What about him Pete?"
"Hngh!" Steve on instinct wrapped his arms and legs around Bucky's neck and waist respectively. "N-Noo...Ah!"
"Sounds like you know him." Sam said.
Peggy smirked. "Calm down blondie.." She then turned to Sam. "Look Sam, you really got to work on your jealousy-"
“Я люблю тебя, Стив. Мой любимый.”
“And what if I can?”
"Look, just let him be for awhile-"
(See the end of the chapter for
They both run out of their apartment and into the car.
Wade groaned. "Why can't you people just listen for once!"
"I am not letting my Omega-"
"This is the fucking mansion?" Pietro looked at it in awe. He had to blink a couple of times.
“I might’ve told him to marry me.”
“And as much as I would love to help you track down those assholes, let him rest for a while alright.”
“Sir, Steve Rogers has only been here for a day and he barely made it home due to James Barnes appearance so, as far of now, there is no way we could know what Steve Rogers take from here.”
Peter tilted his head. “So, you know Steve too?”
"Why not?" Clint looks at Thor and shrugged. "I think he looks pretty good with Steve."
"This big guy has a crush on our cutie blue eyes apparently." Wanda smirked as Sam rolled his eyes.
“What now?” Happy rolled his eyes.
"Pietro, Steve and Nat are not picking up. Do you think something happened?"
"Well, guess I'll tell you tomorrow about the club Steve works in." Natasha whistled, walking away.
"Maybe...maybe not." Peggy sang.
Tony growled and went to follow Steve until Happy grabbed his elbow. The Alpha glared and grabbed Happy’s collar, eyes furious. “Why are you always in the way?!”
“Honestly...”
Bucky stepped closer to him. “Baby, let’s go home with me.”
"I guess he sounds okay. I do hear him a lot on the news but never really notice his face. I mean when you're busy making coffees, you just don't have time to look up, only listen." He laughed.
"Don't get in my way."
“N-No, it’s fine. I’m sorry too for overreacting. I was just really shocked.” He shyly looked down.
"Shut it Carter!"
"You don't know him that well..yet you want to help him?"
"Don't be like that you loved it." He smirked.
“Well, she helped too, in putting you a solo showcase as the main center of attraction for my new Art gallery.” Tony smiled dashingly as he stared deep into Steve’s eyes, almost not even blinking.
Steve stared to cry quietly. “S-Stop please..”
(See the end of the chapter for
He growled menacingly as Steve whimpered.  "I don't take no very well lately dollface. Especially when it comes to you."
"No! That's not the whole thing! Please, just let me explain-" Natasha turned her head as she heard sounds of crashes.
Of course he could not say that out loud.
"Why didn't she say anything to me first?!"
“Happy, do me a favour.”
Natasha puts down her mug. "Sounds Mafia-ish to me."
“Nat, meet Sam and Wanda. Guys this is Natasha.” He smiled.
If he thought the paintings were beautiful...then the artist behind them is a gift from Heaven.
Bucky sighed. "Rumlow get this kid and Wilson out of here."
"H-Hello, I'm Steve Rogers. The new guy-"
"I don't think so after what happen tonight. I think he pretty much got the idea of my resignation." Natasha smiled. "I've always been thinking of quitting this for a long time anyway. Figured now is the right time, cause of you."
“Wait, what?! God, I knew this would happen. Clint, how did it happened? It's exhaustion again isn’t it?”
Happy blinked. “Wait, I’m sorry what?”
They quickly ran to him. “Steve!” Peggy reached to Steve first, without realizing Nat.
“Look it’s not that…wait..which hospital am I in?” Steve looked at them.
Steve keeps wishing that Bucky would just suddenly pop up and come running home to him.
His heart stopped as his eyes gazed at the most beautiful creature with enchanting and innocent baby blue eyes he has ever seen. There was an air of innocence yet so illuminated with a strength of power and..dignity. Just a glance and a whiff of the air, he knew he was an Omega from afar.
Wanda and Sam were quiet.
"What room?" He looked at her weirdly.
"Take care on your way home guys!" Steve and Bucky bid their goodbyes at Sam and Peggy as they both waved back and headed out the gate.
"It's not that we don't want help Peter..but how can we be sure if that Stark won't do the same when he helps out?" Wanda spoke gently.
"Hey!-" Tony hung up and picked up one of the paintings. He took the glass with refilled Scotch and sat down on the couch, admiring it.
"This is not the time to make jokes."
"Yes, I know! But I can't help my instinct. I've been patient for trying to take it slow but..I was scared that others will take you away from me. I have always knew that you were the one for me even before we represented. I have always been in love with you." Bucky looked at Steve deeply in his eyes.
Sam chuckled and massaged Steve’s head. “Hey bud.”
“Don’t meddle if you do not want to help. JARVIS I’m waiting.”
"Really? It looks pretty simple to me. It looks like the only reason you being my friend is that so you could spy on me and report it to James." His voice sounded so hurt that Natasha just wants to hug him.
Sam was wide eyes as he sniffed as well. He was probably too mad just now that he didn’t smell what currently smelled like an Alpha scented an Omega. “Who did this?” He growled.
“Ugh! You’re terrible!” Natasha stormed off and slammed the door behind her.
Wanda ran past them to go in the room, before she reached the door knob to take a look at them. “You go near Steve, you feel my wrath.” And then she went in.
“Unfortunately, yes.” Happy bit his lip.  “But please don’t think about it. You need rest.”
"Let ém, I don't want them to steal my favourite candy." Natasha shrugged and smirked.
Steve looked up to her with an unreadable expression. It was until Steve's eyes were glossy. Tears fell rapidly as it streams down his cheeks.
On instinct, Steve abruptly stood even when his mind was trying to fight his instinct.
“Music.”
"Never seen him done anything like this before."
Sam facepalmed and shook his head. An Omega plus club is never a good equation. He groaned. "Sometimes I wonder what goes on in his head..and now he is freaking missing with Nat apparently."
“Hey, hey just call me Tony. You kinda spaced out.” He smiles.
“Happy, settle the meeting with our investors.” Tony ignored his words walked out of the office
"Natasha, I just wanna say thank you for actually putting my work in this huge event. The fact that you even give-"
"Why?"
Peter stared at her. “Wait…same goes with my friend..”
“What? Why?” Natasha then saw Tony’s panic look behind Steve and glared at him. “What did you do Tony?” Natasha growled.
"You're trying to confine him here!" Natasha looked at him, furious. She may be ordered by Bucky to keep an eye on Steve initially, but as she learn more about him, she grew fond of him like a brother, realizing how sweet and kind the Omega is and enjoys spending her time with the ambitious Omega. Steve does not deserve to be treated this way and would protect him. "You are not laying a hand on him, Barnes." She glared at him.
“Boss, this is not the time.” Sam then looked at the Alpha next to the Alpha who mentioned Steve.
Pietro nodded. "She's right. Even I have no idea where Natasha could bring him."
Wanda smiled. “Actually, I’d love to but my brother is coming in a bit.”
"You are one of a kind indeed omega..." Tony smirked.
"That explains." Natasha and Peggy said at the same time.
"I'm sorry."
"You don't get to call me that!"
"You just don't get in the way of an Alpha with his Omega alright? I'm serious Nat." With that, he walked away.
"None of your business." He spat.
Bucky smirked. "Now I'm going to destroy your tight little hole."
“I told you. We go way back.” He said deadpanned.
Bucky sighed in relief. "Very. Start the car. We're going to Central Park."
There was an awkward silence in the cab as it was speeding up due to Natasha's order.
"Is this how Alphas talk?!"
"Wow you're confident."
“Do you need some company when you’re at home?” Peter asked Steve gently.
Steve gasped and shook his head furiously. “Bucky please!” He tries to sit up properly but Bucky pins his arms back down. The Alpha’s eyes were dark and almost sadistic. Steve is desperate to find the Bucky he always loves in those eyes. “Bucky, please…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Go home Romanoff.” He growled. “And keep an eye on Steve.”
"Saves time and oh God! Come on guys do this in the bedroom!" He motioned his fingers at Bucky and Steve.
"Steve freaking Rogers, when I find you, you better pay all my medical bills for giving me a heart attack." Natasha muttered as she ran.
“I love it on you Stevie…” Bucky growls and tugs the chain as Steve started to sob softly.
“Of course, just shows how much you appreciate someone’s work. I see no wrong in that.” The Omega giggles and Tony just melts yet again.
“But I know I could’ve done more. I’m really sorry.” Happy sighed.
“Ты так прекрасен. Я просто хочу запереть тебя в этой комнате. Я хочу, чтобы ты был постоянно заполнен моим семенем и оплодотворен нашим ребенком. Я хочу, чтобы твой животик был большим и круглым от наших детей.”
"You can't touch me."
“I’m here.” Sam smiled.
"The building's CCTV only caught him until he got out from the entrance."
"You know what should we do after the meeting with Natasha tomorrow? Times Square?"
"Oh! There you are Steve!-"
"Hush. Now the assassination. I need names Nat."
“Do a background check on those two friends of his. Follow them if you have to.”
Tony was holding the same cheek that was slapped a while ago. A prominent red mark was displayed at the same area.
“You’re a dick, Tony.” Happy looked at him pissed.
“I know he’s in the wrong but please…just talk to him at least. He wants to apologize.” Happy pleaded Steve with Peter looking worriedly at him.
“Don’t worry, Happy and I will make sure he won’t do anything to Steve without his consent. That’s why we need to find Steve so I can fix this whole situation.” Pepper assured.
“G-Guys?” Steve looked worriedly at his frozen friends.
"You're unbelieveable! What about Steve? Isn't it better to tell me?"
“Well, of course sir. Steve Rogers is Brooklyn’s finest artist.”
"Yeah, I think that'll be great."
"Alright. But then you're coming with me and be with me." Bucky whispered as he kissed his ear, making Steve shiver.
“Let go of me!”
Tony panted and looked at Happy angrily.
“I just don’t feel good taking a day off when I just started working.”
“There’s always tomorrow.” Bucky knew that but he waited long enough. He was getting really impatient each day. He closed his eyes and huffed in annoyance as he walked away with Rumlow behind.
"I-In the bedroom. I have to show you there."
Steve blushed and nodded. "Yeah not gonna lie I've been dreaming of it ever since he proposed, before he went to the army." He paused as he looks at the ring on his finger, smiling. "I've always loved a simple garden wedding. The classic white with hints of pastels here and there with lilies. And maybe roses. Just a small and simple wedding with families and close friends." Steve looked at them, smiling.
"I wasn't. Just asking."
"Well, then go find them or do I have to say that out loud too?"
“That’s better.”
Tony shook his head. “Steve, there’s no reason for you to apologize at all.”
"Are you kidding me?!" Sam looked at Pietro mad.
“Please, let me explain-“
“Either Steve is playing tricks on us or this is April Fool’s Day.”
Do give me ypur feedbacks!!
Steve gave Sharon a pleading look to which Sharon gave a worried look. "Oh, is there a reason why Mr.Barnes?"
"I can give you so much to offer. I can provide you with anything that you want. I will give you the whole world. I will always love you unconditionally. I am the Alpha for you." He pleaded.
"This is my Omega!" Bucky pointed at Steve. "Did Rumlow not brief to you anything?!"
"SHIT!" Tony gritted his teeth. He was holding his arm as he glared at Bucky.
"You're my family too Nat.." He hugged her tightly which Natasha reciprocated. Steve lets out a comforting scent to ease Natasha. She sighed as a tear rolled down her cheek. At least the first step was done.
"Sure, hun." Natasha caressed his cheek. "I'm gonna go wash up. If you need anything just knock on my door right next to your room. Unless you want some company for tonight.." She smirked.
Peggy rubs his shoulder, resting her chin on his shoulder. "It'll be okay. He is gonna be so proud of you Stevie."
Peter pops his head through the door. "Hey Mr. Stark! Oh, Happy you're here too!"
"Look, I don't know. I was guarding the front gate for hours and I just came inside with a few guys for our shift...you guys might be too late."
Natasha sighed. "I know. Alphas."
Bucky let's out more of his pheromones to drown Steve in his scent. "Submit to me, Omega." He whispered and bit his ear.
Steve sighs since he knew this will never end.  He caressed his head to soothe him. "Peter..I need you to not tell anyone about this."
"Sharon, there's not going to be any trouble right if this cute little Omega only serves for me in the private room?"
"This again? Steve, come on this is your big moment! You should use this time to explore Manhattan. It's a big city!"
Steve blushes as his whole body felt hot at his Alpha's warmth. "I got the feeling I know what it is."
"So, this is the famous Thor Odinson?" Peggy said almost spitefully.
Steve looked at him confused.“I’m sorry, what?”
"Were you the one who made those few Alphas quit? The ones who groped Steve's ass?" Wanda asked.
"You are mine-" Before Tony could step forward, Happy pulled him away.
Sam was just utterly confused. Does Steve even know them? How did he even find these people? God, he really should pay extra attention to Steve’s surroundings. Who knows what that Omega will encounter.
"Think you can find him first?"
Both Alphas didn’t want to move an inch. They wanted to sit here and wait for their Omega to wake up.
Nat and Happy scrunches their face as they both look at each other. “Well….”
"Nobody is putting a hand on him!" Steve hugged Peter tighter.
"Steve, you're not listening-"
Steve bit his lips. "I just felt really bad. I mean, you're such a good friend of mine. I was hurt but then when I did that-"
"No, it's just that...I would never thought Mr. Stark would do such a thing."
Tony sat down and rubbed his temple as he stared into space. “I am so sure he is the one Happy. I’ve never felt like this. Ever. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
"Mr. Stark?" Steve looked at him in shocked.
"I-It's not that simple." Natasha tried to calm Steve down by reaching out her arm to soothe him but he took a step back.
Bucky growled and licks his ear shell.
"Just saying. Good thing you know where Steve is. It's impossible to go in there without being notice. Bet he has guards on every floor." He said as he sharpens his pocket knife.
"I didn't want anyone else to get to you!"
Sharon quickly walked towards Steve and Bucky. "Oh, Mr. Barnes! Having a night out?"
"Bucky..." Steve said soflty. And Bucky knew that Angelic voice so much.
Bucky went to his desk and smashed all the glasses that were on his table to the ground. “Damn, that Stark!”
“Steve!” Tony was right on his heels and grabbed Steve by his waist before the Omega managed to get in the elevator.
“Damn you, Rumlow.” He muttered.
"Kinda. I was kidnapped by this Mafia guy's guy by mistake." He glared at Wade to which Wade gave him a look. "It was an accident!"
Sam shook his head and turned to Pepper again with all seriousness. "And wait Steve was at a club?" Sam looked at Pepper seriously.
“It is such a pleasure to meet you Mr. Rogers. Mr. Stark has been talking about you non-“
“What happened Sam? He overworked himself, again didn’t he?”
Steve realized happened and pushed Bucky, glaring at him. "Stop!"
“I told you to not call me that.”
Steve and Tony walked back in the gallery as Steve quickly lets go of Tony, much to the latter’s disappointment.
“We are trying to find Steve as well!” Pepper assertively said as she stares at them.
Hello im back with more Stony!!
"Well, let's not waste our time." Bucky quickly picked Steve up, bridal style that Steve yelped.
Pietro groaned. "God this is fucked up."
"Can't a brother look after his sister?"
DUN. DUN. DUN. SAM WILSON IS HERE EVERYBODY!
"Please...we need his expertise." Peter spoke again.
"Thanks Sam." Steve smiles shyly at Sam.
"But what if he does, won't you get in trouble?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony smiled playfully. “You didn’t think I was done did you?”
“Marry me, Steve.” Tony looked serious as he grabbed his hands.
"Probably this week." She shrugged.
Natasha holds his hand. "Shh..it's okay. Calm down. We'll get out of here."
Steve shudders at the warm breath against his vulnerable entrance. “B-Bucky…please.”
Steve laughs and cleared his throat. "Do you guys think I can do this exhibition thing?" He asked worriedly.
Bucky gritted his teeth. "I'm sorry what?"
Bucky smirked when the call ended.
Steve bit his bottom lip as tears starts to pool in his eyes. He was shivering in fear. He doesn't know what to do in this situation especially with Bucky being like this. It was foreign to him, the touches, the kisses...it was new and he does not know what to do. His instincts want him to submit, succumb to his Alpha, to let the Alpha control him. While his rational mind wants him to take his own stand.
“Hush, Omega. Your Alpha is talking.” He bit Steve’s earlobe.
Happy sighed and looked at Brock who was a little far away from them to give him a ‘I-could-use-your-help-here’ look.
"You know Steve. As much as I do not want to be separated from you, don't you want to consider to live with Mrs. Barnes? She really insists you to take up her offer and follow her with Mr. Barnes. She wants to take care of you. She practically begged me everytime she called."
“You shouldn’t be out here alone, Omega.” The dark-haired Alpha replied.
The Alpha spins the Omega around so that they were facing each other while still tightly wrapping his arms around waist.
Natasha looked at him in confusion. “Collection? Like those ancient prototypes?”
“It’s fine, I get it. It did lift some burden off my shoulders.” Steve smiled gently.
“Steve! Wait! Please! I’m sorry!” Tony was running after the frightened Omega who was dashing towards the elevator. He could smell sadness and a slight fear from the Omega which made the Alpha felt disappointed of himself. Tony speeds up and catches up, grabbing his elbow to stop him. Turns out to be a bad idea since the Omega turned around and yanks it away.
Steve nodded as he smiled. "Thank you Sharon."
"How is helping the community sounds Mafia-ish?" Steve laughed a little.
Peggy, Steve and Sam were just surprised that the top 5 of the richest Alpha in America is in front of them.
"Oh, good! Very good.." He said smiling, while looking at Steve Rogers' file on his tablet.
"I guess. Don't know what Steve thought about it though."
Happy sighed. “Good.” He then glared at both Tony and Bucky. “Go home.”
The voice. That same voice he used to love. That rough yet sweet voice where he always find comfort in them. He looked up and knew where the scent came from.
Steve’s eyes bolted open and panted. He looked around scared until he heard a hushing sound from a familiar voice which have always made him feel safe. He looked at the man holding his hand and wanted to cry in happiness. “S-Sam!” He pulled and hugged him tight.
“Y-Yeah. Bucky is my….well, we’ve known ever since we were little. Our moms were good friends.”
"Yeah..I know that."
Pietro rolled his eyes and followed behind Nat. They were in some dark fancy hallway and thankfully no one was around. But he was sure there was security somewhere. "Nat, you sure no one's on guard?"
"Your bouncer was weak. Now, you should let Steve go." Tony said seriously.
“Bucky no! Don’t look! Please!” Hands desperately trying to cover himself.
"Come in!" Steve felt a little jolt in body, hearing the voice but shook it off.
“Steve, what’s wrong?” Peggy asked.
"Actually, they're probably still here. Cause if they want to leave Manhattan, it's kind of impossible not to be caught on camera especially when you have to go through the bridges to get off the island."
Steve really doesn’t know what to do but just oblige to him and he really does not know why. He was not the type to follow orders especially from Alphas what more let them touch him more than once like that, even if it’s just simply polite gestures. Except from one. He really wished Bucky was here with him but of course he pushed the feelings aside.
Bucky uses his other hand to lift up Steve's shirt, revealing his smooth chest. Bucky licked his lips before he dived onto Steve's pickish nipple.
Steve felt naked with only the hospital gown and backed away.
Sam shook his head. “Oh, don’t be. We’ll get going then.”
Steve only nodded a little as Sam tightened his arm around Steve’s waist.
“JARVIS find out what kind of transport does Steve Rogers take everyday from here?”
"I will never let that go. To prove that you can't be left alone even for a minute."
“I only have eyes for you.” Tony just stared at him without breaking any eye contact.
"That means that they're not in Manhattan?" He muttered quietly for him to hear but Happy heard it too.
"For the second time, it was an accident. So lucky you, you're free again." He did some sarcastic movement with his hands which Peter glared.
"Just shut the fuck up!" She hissed.
"Mr. Barnes, please. You're hurting Mr. Rogers." Happy said worriedly.
The Alpha tries to hide his blush and beating heart by pouring himself a scotch.
Steve possibly just blushed three times harder and he knows he is red all over by the comment. He blinks innocently, very much confused. "I-I'm sorry?"
“Why does everybody say that?!”
“Have you tried courting?” Happy said sarcastically.
"Pepper Potts. I work with him."
Happy looked at Tony as if he was crazy. “Huh? New York is always full of lights even at night.”
“Gifts?”
"How about you treat that damn wound first so you can continue to search for him quickly." Happy glared.
"Well not good enough apparently-ah shit!" Tony hissed as holds his injured arm.
“Don’t worry a lot of people are planning to kill me anyway.” He mumbled.
"Better shut it before I kill you Stark." Bucky glared.
The rest just left it at that and went back to their seats.
“Let’s just say the alliance broke due to you brother’s sudden betrayal.”
“Just answer my question.”
“Well, you’re not wrong there. It is actually part of my famous personality.” He winked.
Peggy nodded in understanding. "You're right. Maybe I don't know what you are exactly feeling as of now. But I do know one thing for sure." She grabbed Steve's hand and gave it a squeeze. "Is that Bucky would never want you to be like this."
"Good morning sir. Are you Sergeant Barnes' fiance, Steve Rogers?"
“You sure you’re okay?” Wanda asked.
"He..uhmm.."
Sam cleared his throat. "Don't wanna be rude but why do you want to help Steve? No Alpha just wants to help to protect Steve. I mean you remember what happen back in Stanford right?"
Steve nervously stood outside of the Stark Industry tower. He took a deep breath and walked inside confidently. Looking around the modern futuristic ambiance, there were almost no one around the lobby except for the receptionist who was busy talking calls. Feeling bad to disturb her, he just stood there awkwardly until someone tapped him on the shoulder.
Tony blinked in bewilderment at the change of demeanor. It confusing but so cute that he could not restrain himself from hugging the adorable creature. “S-Steve I thought-“
“Steve.” Wanda glared.
“Steve, we both know that’s not going to happen. We are not going to let you go there.”
HAPPY 2020 BY READING A NEW CHAPPIE!
Bucky growled and stood up until the other Beta spoke. “For Goodness sake, does no one realize we are in a hospital?! You’re going to make it worse for Steve!”
“Yeah..” Did Tony Stark just blush?
“I marked him” Tony smirked.
"Well I'm not really surprised. Alphas tend to do that with me. That's, why I hate 'em." Steve looked away, eyeing the floor as if it was the most interesting thing.
Bucky lead them inside the house and closed the door, pining both Steve's wrists against it next to each side of his head. "Can I request a gift this time?" He whispered.
“Peggy! He’s saying the truth. He didn’t do anything. He was just showing me around his collection.” Steve was holding her hand to calm her down.
"Yo, I am back ya'll!" Sam's voice was heard in the living room to which Peggy rolled her eyes.
Hey, I'm back! Sorry that it took me a long time! Was too busy but now here you go!
Steve blushed.
"I know when after Bucky was gone...sometimes I shut myself from everyone. I'm sorry that you sacrifice both of your time just to take care of me. I-I wanna say thank you so much...for always being there for me..when I needed the most...especially when Bucky's not here anymore." He sobbed when the name came up. "F-For encouraging me to do this, for coming here with me. Being with me..For everything." He said as he wiped his tears.
Sam shook his head and stood up. Suddenly feel thirsty. He walked out of the room towards the waiting area.
“I’m always great, man. Bout you?”
"For the millionth time I did! Didn't you hear me all those time?" She looked at him a little pissed. "Don't worry, you will meet him tomorrow in fact."
"Oh." Peter's poor heart broke at the sight.
"Yeah, since we save time and money on place and things, we can spend more on checking out the city."
"You knew Natasha worked with Barnes this whole time!"
Steve does not know why he’s blushing hard at that comment but he’s mostly just surprised. Wanda and Sam just gave him a look when they saw how red Steve’s cheeks were. “I-I’m sure that’s not true. Y-You know I better go.” He looked at Sam
"How did you end up working for Bucky?" He asked softly.
“But it’s probably in the woods far from here.” Wade interrupted.
“Meant for each other actually.” He smirked.
“Don’t worry about it. Let’s be honest he is part of the blame. I think it’s right for him to pay. Especially for what he did.”
"Room? Why do you need a room for Steve..." Natasha being an intelligent spy she is quickly looked at him in horror. "Are you planning on kidnapping that poor Omega?!"
Bucky smiles. “You’re feeling hot and bothered, aren’t you?”
“Steve?” Tony waves his hand in front of him.
." Tony's inner Alpha felt challenged by the sweet Omega and automatically used his Alpha voice to command.
"You're mine Stevie! Always have been! I love you...so much."
“Honestly, I’m not." Sam shrugged as he smiles. He leans against the wall in such a smug way that irks Steve.
"Baby, this is..wow..God you are so beautiful. Just so perfect..You were made for me." Bucky roams his hand on Steve's hip, feeling the tight lace against his skin. "I'm scared that I'm going to go out of control."
“You’re not being you Tony. Did something happen when we met at the hall a while ago? I’m pretty sure something did.” Happy said.
“No! Please, just let me try. I can handle this.” Steve pleads as he looks into Sam’s eyes. “Please.”
Bucky brought out his phone to call. "Rumlow, find out whether Romanoff has another address aside from the one she supposedly have. Make it quick before I put a bullet in your head too aside from Romanoff."
James chuckled. "Can't be helped that I'm in love with that blue eyes."
“Only when you’re stubborn.”
Tony clicked his tongue. “Who’s side are you on!?”
Bucky inhaled the sweet scent of Steve by his jaw and buried is nose into the satisfying scent. He gave out a strong pheromone of a satisfied Alpha. “Hmm..”
“Brock.” He motioned the Alpha to come to him.
"Look, I'd love to but these stupid meetings can't seem to wait." He said annoyed, as he type vigorously on his smartphone while muttering some cursed words. "Plus, since I have entrusted you with this art exhibition, if you think it's great then put him in."
"Pshh...with me, we will be best buds for life!" Happy sighed but still smiling at the energetic being in front of him.
"Yup I do." Batting her eyelashes at him while taking a spoonful of ice-cream which Sam scoffed.
"Well, it's good that it is only admiration. Cause you won't be here if it was more than that." Bucky clicked his tongue.
"Oh, so you met them."
“And he doesn’t have a family, Sir. His parents died when he was entering junior high.”
"Hey, don't be. You'll be great." She then turned to look at Sam. "Oh, I don't think we've met. I'm Nat." She throws her hand out to shake.
“Steve!” Sam and Peggy shouted.
"Look, I don't exactly know what happen between you two..but I'm sure Steve would understand if you just explain to him. He is a sweetheart. Sure he'll understand."
“T-That’s very nice of you. Miss Romanoff and Mr. Stark.” He smiled shyly. Peggy and Sam just stared at Steve’s shy demeanor. They have never seen him so timid with another Alpha. He usually acts normally.
Natasha laughs a little."He is a real polite sweetheart. Kind and there is a bit of sass in him. The most adorable thing I've ever seen."
"Kid, just get to it." The Alpha next to the Omega rolled his eyes.
"And an expensive one at that." He sighs as he folds the last shirt to put in his luggage.
"Yeah uhm..who knew that it was the CEO himself."
That topic seems to do the trick as it quickly shifts Steve from his sadness. “O-Oh, that…nothing. It was nothing.” He shook his head.
"Likewise." Nat smiles and lets go to look at Steve again.
Natasha winked and smiled. "What can I say, he knew I've always had a thing for brunettes." Peggy blushed.
"Ready for your big day in the next three days?"
Happy clears his throat and leans into her ear to whisper. "Let's just say someone has been staring at a particular Steve Rogers' picture ever since he searched about him."
Tony laughed a little at his bluntness. “Well, I’m really serious now.”
“Oh, God.”
Suddenly a man burst through the door and went straight to the nurse counter. “I got a call that my friend Steve Rogers was admitted?!”
“Wait!” Tony shouted. With that, they’re both out from their vision.
"Shh! For God's sake Pietro don't make me regret bringing you here."
Bucky bit Steve's earlobe, making Steve whined. "You don't to hide your moans for me doll face." He whispers hoarsely as he licked the back of his ears to tease.
Bucky smirked and nuzzled his face in his neck. "You're mine. Have always been and will always be..."
"Put the gun down." Pietro growled.
"Underground? You said you work for Bucky."
He was silenced with Steve's index finger on his lips as he was slowly being lead towards the bed and sat down.
"His friends Sam and Wanda." Well, that was obviously a lie. With Bucky placing her to spy on Steve and Rumlow's mouth, she practically knows everything that is going on which makes her guilty.
“Check.”
Steve whined.
“You guy always treat me like I’m some weak, helpless Omega!”
“Don’t you dare!” He roared.
Steve’s breath shudders. “Bucky..”
"Yeah, maybe." Steve smiles as he pulls out the necklace underneath his shirt and rubs against the engraving, gazing it lovingly yet sad.
"Wow there is a hundred of agents out here and none of 'em seem to find Steve.Fantastic!" At this point Tony was out of his mind. Not only he is desperate to find his Omega but the fact that his arm is also hurting are not helping the situation.
“Sam…” He quickly goes to the door and opened it only to find 3 guards.
"You keep saying that."
When Tony brought Steve into the elevator, the door was immediately closing.
"That is different. This is fucking Barnes! He is going to put a bullet through my skull."
Steve looks up through his lashes shyly. “Tony.” That raised eyebrows from the rest of the room. Natasha and Happy quietly shared a same look. Tony never let anyone called him anything aside Mr. Stark let alone on the first meeting. Even Sam and Peggy wondered how they got so friendly.
"You owe me since you kidnapped me." Peter crossed his arm.
“Oh, sorry.” The Alpha sounded a little disappointed which makes Steve confused.
"10 a.m. We need to brief to him about the event and how his work will be showcase-"
Tony blinked. "Obviously for the same reason."
Sam turned towards the voice to see 4 people at the seats of the waiting area.
Steve was just speechless. He noticed at the corner of his eyes Peggy looked shocked and would squeal in excitement if not for Sam containing her, who looks so happy for Steve.
Steve was shocked but quick to realized what the man was trying to do. He was trying to leave his scent and mark him. He pushed the man hard and gave him a hard slap across the face.
"Come on I'll show you your desk!" Peter jumps which made Happy cursed again.
Bucky growled. "How in the hell are you here Stark?"
Steve bit his lip, angrily. He hates that Sam was right. Of course, he knows that he means well but he just hates the fact that people keep thinking him as this fragile flower. He wants to do a lot of stuff, there are so much yet to explore but he knew there are only so much an Omega can do. “Look, it’s not like I force myself to prove to the society. I just want to do stuff that I want to do without people telling me that I can’t.”
“Well, we do need your help to find Steve since Peter said you guys are the best shot we have now.” Wanda said softly and motioned at Peter.
“Why? We just got here.”
“Sam!” Wanda stopped Sam before he was going to march out of the apartment. “Wait! Let’s think it through.” She was grabbing his tense shoulder in hopes to calm him down.
"This is my territory Stark." He said as he wrapped his arms around Steve tightly while Steve struggled around his hold.
Mrs. Barnes looked at him with a sad smile and cupped his cheek. "I know that dear, but that doesn't mean..my son is still alive. I....prayed every second that this is just a nightmare."
“Exactly.” Natasha huffed in annoyance. “He’s been like this since they left. The fact that you doubted my excellent works, I’m asking a raise.” She said, crossing her arms.
“Well, you might be thinking of it. I know both of you are trying to protect-“
Thor blushed. "I-I uhm...may or may not have suppress my feelings towards your dear friend."
In a blink of an eye Bucky fished out a knife from his pocket and went for Tony. It was too quick but Tony managed to cover his face with his arm to which it was slashed.
It was silent.
They walked in the dark building and looking suspiciously at the setting. Happy immediately turned his flashlight on.
"Since when were we on last name basis, sweetheart?"
"You sure about that?" He raised an eyebrow at him, amused. "Hey, Sharon!"
"It's my life. I can live however and wherever I want. Plus, I can tell my landlord about this. He will ban you from this very building."
"Plus, want big tips, you gotta treat them well. Most of those who come here usually have big wallets and they just need company. You just need to play nice." She winked but then turned serious. "Unless, they cross the line of course. Just scream for me."
"W-What?!" Steve fixed his sit and looked at her. "How did Bucky got involved with this?"
"Yeah. Cause it seems like you're the slow one Tony."
"U-Uhm Steve...I know you don't feel like it now but, you can tell me anything. Like what happened...just now..." He nervously scratched the back of his neck.
Wanda looked between the two weirdly. “Wait, you two know each other?”
Bucky was quiet at first then sighed as he spoke. "I'm making a room for my dear Steve."
"Let me go!" He tried to push himself up but Bucky nailed his hips securely.
As much as he hates to admit it, the kiss felt so good that it melts Steve away into Bucky's familiar relaxing scent, just like old times. Unconsciously, he moaned which gave Bucky deeper access into the kiss and smirked, purring in satisfaction.
"What?! Where are you now?"
Pepper smiles in relief. “We are trying our best.”
Bucky smelled the delicious scent that has  always been his favourite and growled hoarsely.
“Don’t sweat it.”
"You are a horrible person!" Wanda hugged Peter as she glared at Wade.
.....
"Wanda, seriously." Pietro sighed.
"Why do you say that? Sam asked.
“Honestly, though, not a bad game, Cap. I’m impressed.”
“I just want you to be okay. I don’t care about anything else, you have to believe me.”
He needn’t have worried that much. Though, Tony knew he would. He worried a lot too.
“I – I dunno, Steve,” Tony answered honestly, his throat dry.
“I can’t make it go away.” He sounds pained, panicked, and most of all, angry at himself.
Well fuck that.
“As you wish, Sir,” comes JARVIS’s disembodied voice.
“Thanks, Tony.” He smiles. It’s a sappy smile. It’d be disgusting on anyone but Steve, Tony is sure.
. Instantaneously. Like he’s been waiting for permission his whole life. Tony is sure Steve must make an excellent solider with all that control and the appearance of obedience. But Tony
“I know. Thanks, though.”
But maybe Steve doesn’t realize that yet. His hands are still clenched into fists at his sides. The tendons in his neck are still sticking out.
“Put on the suit,” Steve hisses back, fire in his eyes.
“Concentrate on it,” Tony pulls away from Steve’s mouth to whisper in his ear. “Focus on the way my cock feels up against yours, the pull of the fabric, the friction. The feel of my hands on your ass, my –”
Steve is still just staring at him.
. Nobody has ever seen the cooling blush currently fading off Steve’s cheeks. No one has ever grabbed his ass, rutted up against him, tasted his tongue. Or…other things. Images flash before Tony’s eyes. Dirty, filthy fantasies. He can’t look away.
– forgets to think at all. Steve’s grip is just this side of too much. Kind of like…kind of like Steve is losing control, not quite compensating for his strength the way he should. Oh
. But God, he
“Don’t take this the wrong way, but was that maybe the first time you’ve ever done this? With, like, another person, I mean.” He holds Steve’s gaze the entire time just to make sure that the guy knows he’s not making fun of him. Because he’s really, really not. In fact, he’s hoping and praying and fucking begging any God that will listen that it’s the truth.
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose and starts counting back from 1500 in multiples of 7. Tony has honestly never been more turned on in his
,” comes a disembodied voice on the intercom.
. So he raises a hand and pushes.
Steve starts to move, but Tony just slams him back against the wall. And like, holy shit, Steve must be so far gone to even let Tony do that. He’s losing control, he’s—
“Dad never said…” he trails off, almost like he’s talking to himself, but more accusatory, more curious. He can’t stop staring at Steve’s erection, mesmerized and knocked off course by the intensity of Steve’s confession.
Tony’s mind goes blank except for one exultant phrase repeating over and over again:
Tony kind of loves that he’s got inside information over the rest of them.
, for Steve.
“Do it,” he hisses, and Steve does.
“Everything special about you came out of a bottle,” he says, and well, fuck. That was maybe a little harsh, but again, Tony did not come here to
Well, if he hasn’t, he chose the right person, because Tony is something of a sex savant. A sexpert, if you will. A sexual artisan with decades of experience and he is very, very dedicated to his craft. He will give Steve the best orgasm of his life. He will –
Tony is sort of proud that he brings out the worst in Captain America. Or maybe he just brings out the truth in him: Steve Rogers, laid bare for all to see. Not a myth, just a man. A really stubborn asshole with great pecs and a bangin’ body and a fucking fantastic face. Yeah, Tony may be an asshole sometimes but he’s not in the habit of lying to himself, thanks. That’s a fool’s game and he knows it.
Steve pauses, mid self-flagellation.
“Maybe…” Steve stumbles over the syllables, still looking destroyed. He can’t hold Tony’s eye contact while he does it.
“Hey, wait,” Tony says.
“Tony,” Steve begs, and oh God, Tony isn’t going to survive this, he just isn’t, the arc reactor wasn’t built to withstand this kind of sexual torture, oh
Unsure what else to do, Tony just waits. They’re still pressed up together. Tony shifts back a little and moves around him. Not stepping away, just giving Steve some space. With Tony no longer plastered to his chest, Steve immediately collapses backwards against the metal wall and starts heaving in huge gulps of air. Okay, so, not calming down then. Sort of the opposite.
Then Steve shifts his grip until he’s pressing Tony fully up against the wall, both hands wrapped around Tony’s biceps, and Tony –
him. Howard taught him that – every single time that he
He knows how every serum-engineered muscle tightens when he’s seconds away from absolutely fucking losing it.
that…not a lover. For a lover, Steve’s lips wouldn’t be pressed into that grim line, his eyes wouldn’t be so flat. It’s impossible to hide passion. Tony knows.
Steve lights the fuck up.
“Tony, fuck,
Steve deflates even more.
Sometimes Tony wonders why. But really, he already knows: Because Captain America is important. Captain America is a symbol. Steve Rogers is irrelevant. And that bothers Tony for some reason. Pisses him off a lot, actually. Especially in those moments when Steve reveals that he seems to know this, too.
Tony stays standing where he is, a good few feet away from where Bucky's lying on the bed. That hurts, of course it does, but he's pretty sure that Bucky doesn't mean it, that he's just lashing out because he's in pain and is probably scared. Definitely scared. So Tony knows he could be a jackass and point out that he's calling in favours and pulling strings to save Bucky's life, or he could not do that and try to be a compassionate human being. In the end, he shifts his weight from one foot to the other, listens to the footsteps coming up the stairs. "I wouldn't have slept with him if I knew he was married, Barnes," he says, and he's pretty sure he means it. Open relationship or not. "I wouldn't have left the club with him. If you don't want me talking to him after this, I'll stay the fuck away from him, but you're going to the hospital regardless. I have people who can protect you. You're gonna be safe."
Bucky thinks about the question for several long moments, and that really should be answer enough. He can remember maybe two or three times in the past couple years, their wedding night, cliché as it is. though he's certain that there were a few more times in the earlier stages of their relationship, when they were trying to figure out what they meant to each other, how to act now compared to when they were just best friends.
The fight had been going well. A bunch of mutants playing at being big bad villains, but they were easy to take down. Steve and Natasha were working on pushing the last of the stragglers toward the middle of central park, where the rest of the team was on standby, keeping an eye on the rest of them, until the barebones remnants of S.H.I.E.L.D could figure out what to do with them. Everything had been going so well. Granted, it’s the seventh or eighth fight they’ve had this week, but this is /small stuff/. When Steve hears that a teammate is down, his first reaction is not who, or where, but ‘how’.
There's a surprised, pleased little noise in the back of his throat before Tony can really think twice about it. He kisses back immediately, hands finding Steve's hips and using the beltloops on his jeans to pull him closer, press the both of them closer together. There's a pleasant mixture of electricity and energy building at the base of his spine, and it takes everything in him to hold back a needy whine. Instead, when he breaks off the kiss, he goes straight for kissing down Steve's neck, a teasing nip here and there for good measure. He lets out a huff when the back of his knees hit the mattress and he goes down, pulling Steve down with him. "Jeans," he says between kisses, hoping that Steve'll understand what he's saying. Sure, their shirts are off, but their shirts aren't exactly the item of clothing that's preventing what he wants to happen.
His stomach cramps violently, and he whines softly, burrowing as much into himself as he can manage to. Something’s gone awfully, horrifically wrong, and he needs help. Now. He can feel his mind starting to kick into fight or flight, can feel the panic rising and cresting over him, and by the time Steve’s collapsed on the kitchen floor next to him, he’s so far gone, all he can do is shake and tremble through another violent cramp.
Steve goes through the full range of human emotion in the next five or so seconds. Elation. Trepidation. rage, loss, grief, hope, fear, bargaining, hysteria. He goes through so much, so fast, he’s left feeling dizzy, but he manages to settle himself, force himself to focus on what’s important. Ed knows what’s wrong. Ed knows, and he can help, and all Steve has to do, is make sure that it doesn’t affect a timeline. That’s… that’s not that hard, right? He scoots to the edge of the chair he’s sitting on, and fixes Ed with the most solid, unwavering stare that he can manage.
"If you don't fuck me through this heat, I will go out and find another alpha to do it instead." It's a sentence designed to set off every instinct Steve might have when he's this far into rut because, if Tony remembers correctly (he always does), the possessiveness is one of the first traits that Steve gives in to. So Tony threatening to let another alpha fuck him should be somewhat effective at conveying his message, at the very least."I want this, Steve," he adds on a more serious note, before Steve can say anything. "I don't---I can't go through a heat alone. Please."
There's a small, bitter part of him that fears Steve's words aren't true. Tony knows how much family means to Steve, and how much he'd wanted to be a father before everything with the Accords had gone down. He remembers wanting it for himself, too, which is possibly the weirdest feeling he can remember. Him. Wanting to be a dad.
“Home wasn't a set house, or a single town on a map. It was wherever the people who loved you were, whenever you were together. Not a place, but a moment, and then another, building on each other like bricks to create a solid shelter that you take with you for your entire life, wherever you may go.”
shorter than his own, same carefully styled hair. But
Tony smirks, and leans up against a miraculously bare section of wall. “maybe a little, yeah. But he’s an icon.” There’s an awkward pause, where the two of them appear to be weighing each other carefully. Tony breaks it eventually, his voice more quiet and unsure than it had been before. “he’s important to me. I grew up on Cap stories. My… my father did a lot of work for project rebirth.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint swears he hears a noise somewhere behind him while he’s listening to Pepper ask too many questions at once, but he can’t afford to pay any attention to it. Tony’s just disappeared from his field of view with a member of Red Star, and there’s not a single universe in which that’s a good sign. He makes a distressed sound and Pepper definitely picks up on it, if her sudden demand for his location is anything to go by. They don’t have people to spare tonight, given that most of them are working on tracking and identifying the newest drug producers and dealers, so if he’s going to do anything, he’s going to need to do it solo or wait for the cops to arrive. Involving Rhodey seems like a bad idea though, especially given that the guy’s probably busy with the recent string of murders upstate, so he tells Pepper that he can handle it, that if he doesn’t call again within an hour, she’ll have to send people to his location. He pockets the phone, takes his gun out of its holster and checks that his knife is easily accessible in his boot before he sets about finding a side entrance to the gallery. He’ll need the element of surprise if he has any hope of saving Tony – or capturing him for interrogation if he turns out to be dirty.
“You want the gods honest truth, he’s a fuckin’ wild card, Tony.” Clint finally sighed. “he could be a great ally. But he could be another Kazimierczak.” he gestures angrily, bitterly, to his right ear, and the bright purple hearing aid tucked behind it. Tony winces.
He hates the idea of leaving tony alone, of separating themselves, but he doesn’t want to do anything Tony doesn’t want. He’s been able to be ok so far, but it’s quickly becoming a slippery slope. He squirms briefly, and whines. “I know you said you didn’t want me to take scent blockers but… it’s getting worse. I get it if… if you want me to leave.”
kind," Clint says, and anything remotely close to friendliness is gone from his tone. "We wanted you dead, you'd already be dead. Tony didn't know who you are, didn't know that you were married to Barnes. Hell, I didn't know prior to three days ago. And the only person who does know, doesn't know that Tony's hooking up with you. Hunt members die on your turf, you're looking at a war, Rogers. Given that we've recently taken in more recruits, I'm betting we have more expendable man power than you. Tony's not a mole. Thought he might've actually been doublecrossing the Hunt when I found out about you two."
of all places.
“Yeah, right, sure.” he says, sardonically. “Pull the other one.” the other kid looks more serious though, sets his jaw, and lets something fierce flash through his eyes.
Steve's moans are ratcheting up in volume right alongside Tony's and god knows the telltale slap of skin on skin is none too quiet either. Steve’s not exactly used to holding himself back though, so it's no problem for him. he doesn’t have any neighbors in this part of town, sandwiched in by a coffee bar, on one side, and a tax preparation place on the other. Given that it’s some ungodly hour, he’s seriously doubting that there’s anyone occupying either space.
Tony can’t exactly recall anything that happened, before he fell asleep. He remembers being pissed off at the weather. Blood… pain too, but he doesn’t think the blood had anything to do with the pain. It’s all a confused, bizarre jumble in his head, and he doesn’t know how to make heads or tails of it. It’s almost like a dream, one that seems so vivid, when you’re asleep, but when you wake up, you can’t remember a thing.
“thing about comas, is you don’t exactly know what’s gonna happen. They pulled my life support, which meant the G tube I had in, but I was still breathing by myself. So while they waited for me to waste away… I dunno, I recovered. Miraculously. They didn’t think I was gonna make it but… I did.” Ed sighs, and again, tears well up in his expressive brown eyes. In Tony’s eyes, for all intents and purposes. “but not before Steve gave up. He kept taking missions, the entire time I was down, to… I don’t know, distract himself, I guess? After they pulled the plug, on the last mission he… he just gave up. Let himself get gunned down. I woke up three days later.”  Ed’s last few words echo in the space between them, and on a constant loop in Steve’s head ‘I woke up three days later. I woke up three days later. Three days later’… Steve feels completely guted, and the confession is enough to make him sink back into the chair and drop his head into his hands.
And he didn’t. He hasn’t.
here, have two updates, since I took so long to get back to you guys! Minor trigger warning for the use of guns again, and a bit of torture, to a minor character. the torture is separated by another warning and is blocked in by 3 *'s, so you can avoid it.
“He’s not breathing!” He exclaimed, but he could only hear buzzing through the other side, meaning the others were in combat, “Guys?”
your choices,” he responded breathlessly, “You can’t - you can’t.”
Steve took a picture of them one day, as they were talking, with the Avengers HQ and surrounding trees in the background. They didn’t know. He felt a bit bad about it, as he didn’t tell them about it, and was keeping it hidden. Oh well. It was for art’s sake.
He didn’t know how much time had passed, but he was aware that his dream about introducing Steve to his parents while he was on morphine and in considerable pain, was, well, a dream. Then Bruce helped him out of it, thankfully, and he woke up. The first thing he noticed was the hospital smell of the sheets next to him, and then someone who smelled a bit sweaty. Steve was talking, and then Tony realised there was a big sweaty hand clamped around his tightly.
“Ah,” Tony said, looking content as he came over to it, looking quickly inside the box, made sure it was securely shut and put it in Dum-E’s hands.
“Me? Oh – no, what-”
Tony had had to
.” Tony sighed, “No, you wanted the answer, ok? I don’t know how to explain why you care about people you care about – you’re my friend Tony, and that’s just what happens!”
“We wouldn’t dream of it,” Steve frowned.
“Tones,” Rhodey said, and Tony looked up, his eyes puffy and expression vulnerable, “You’re gonna be alright,” he said in his soothing voice, “Nothing bad’s gonna happen to you, ok? We got the best people here, Thor’s gonna make good on his word to find out what he can, and we’re all going to be here for you. I swear, man.”
“WHAT?” Steve asked, jumping out of his seat.
“Right, well - look, it’s a difficult topic to discuss, Miss – Sandy, but if Tony has not told you already, he is not in a good place right now. And not just that, but he’s a danger to himself, and though I don’t wanna break his trust, he didn’t tell me
“Oh,” Steve nodded, “Want me to come with you?”
“You’re damn right.”
“Is it not just a Tony island? I feel like it’s a Tony island,” Disgust theorised, “Like, specifically for him. If not, he definitely needs his own island.”
time.
“Thank you for telling me, Steve, though I believe I already know of what you’re talking about. Sanctioning is something Tony is vehemently opposed to, but if it comes to it-”
sleep now
“Well, good, cause that…would have been a little awkward.”
Steve nodded. “And I ain’t going anywhere anytime soon.”
“A baby avenger,” Clint said in awe.
Cumulonimbus clouds are the downpour, the release, the heavy ones.
“Anger!” She chastised, “What are you doing?”
Tony rather pointedly avoided him when he got back to the shore, looking so tired and weary. Steve didn’t know what to do.
“A small amount.”
Steve sighed and steadily stood up from where he had been doing sit-ups on the mat. They were going to meet the obstetrician to check on Tony’s progress, inside the tower of course, because Tony didn’t go out anymore, and wouldn’t until the bump went down after the baby was born.
,” he called through to them.
He supposed he saw the point of the activity. Feeling he was less alone. She talked about how his feelings were normal, and that his feelings could never not be normal, because they’re his own, even if some are irrational, which is common.
“Want another game?” Steve asked.
this!” Fear commiserated. Sadness offered him a tissue.
Steve frowned. “I don’t underst- I think you’re deflecting again.”
Steve nodded, and took a deep breath. “Ok.”
“Popcorn and string,” Tony said, with mischief in his eye. “To put around the tree.”
When he was in the communal kitchen with him, he asked him about how the check-up went.
“You sure?” Romanoff?
“I can’t
This was going to be harder than she thought. But they could do this. Steve could
thinks it’s a good thing that I’m actually getting
He didn’t notice Tony setting down his coffee and walking right up to him.
“Steve-” Tony called, in the middle of shooting an enemy with his gauntleted hand.
“I try to ignore it.” He smirked a bit.
“I can handle the explosives, now get out of here and get everyone to safety,” Tony tried ordering Steve; he should’ve known it wouldn’t have worked.
Tony sighed.
“I don’t need anyone else’s help, Brucie.”
, and reassuring. And it was something he could get used to. Right now, the knot inside his chest was beginning to loosen, knowing that Tony was gonna be alright, as they took him somewhere he could get better, safe, and Steve would finally be able to breathe again.
Tony scowled. “What are you looking at?” He asked a bit irritably.
of it, to find meaning and to find love maybe, to be apart of something, not grieving over what could have been.”
, and now you’re fucking with my head, okay? Seriously, Rogers?”
“Look, guys this is still pretty new, ok? We’re learning about this as much as we can, and what we do know, stays between everyone in this room.”
“The quinjet suffered damages, Steve, it’s kinda slow-”
Steve smiled at her, then looked at Thor who was giving Tony an enthusiastic thumbs up.
Tony looks at his hands and clenches his jaw.
“That right? Well, I’m sure we’ll have some jobs lined up for you in no time. Not that my suits and machines can’t do the heavy lifting…”
“Uh…why… why?!” Fear pleaded with no one in particular. Disgust rolled her eyes, but Sadness’ crying
Steve sighed and rubbed Tony’s thumb where he was squeezing his hand. Tony’s defence mechanisms in a stressful and painful situation seemed to be just endless sarcasm.
“I’m not sure yet,” Bruce explained calmly, “That’s why we’re doing tests. Now, Tony,” he turned to him on the bed, and Tony looked up, and held his shirt up to his chest.
Tony also liked basking in Steve’s wings sometimes. Reminded him of the sky, but they were strong and sturdy when it curled around him protectively and in a soft hold. It made him feel safe, and for the first time, he wasn’t even scared to admit that. They began to read each other’s tell sometimes by what their wings were doing, making them in tune with each other’s moods, so it made it easier to communicate their emotions – particularly in arguments.
One of them was of when he caught him and Natasha talking, and just thought it was a good angle. He had to say, Steve did a great job on both of them, and the colours were magnificent, accentuating the orange sunset and the green trees around them, filling in their personal details very accurately as well. Tony felt a bit self-conscious in being drew of. His sad smile only made Steve more down. Now he was pulling down those around him. Great.
“Are things gonna be weird between us now?” Steve asked worriedly.
Then he heard the comms again, and decided to pick it up.
– to have sex. He had to
this. He’s been through much worse than a date, after all.
Tony raised one eyebrow comically.
“He means he wants you too, you dumbass!” Rhodey said, “You two have serious communication issues. Honestly,” Rhodey turned to the others, who laughed as he rolled his eyes, and then they filtered away to give them some privacy as Tony glared at them.
Steve was still holding onto Tony’s hand the next day. He had gone to get some sleep, but he didn’t feel well rested.
, what with it being on every news channel in the world that he probably had PTSD after Afghanistan and all. Does not mean the media was kind about it. He mostly pushed it out, but it made him feel a little bitter too. Could never really trust anyone.
, which was a little awkward, but it was a lot more sensual than usual, and Tony had once again ended up tucked into Steve, their wings melding together, as if it were meant to be.
“Is it really that much of a surprise that I don’t actually talk
“See? You like that?” She asked Sadness.
“Wouch. Couldn’t you…?”
“Ok,” Steve said, breathing a bit more easily.
“Of course, oh – please, call me Steve.” Sandy smiled at him, and sat down, and he sat down next to her.
Steve let out a little huff and smiled at Natasha. “No, really. I just wanna stay in case he wakes up.”
“It would probably be a good idea,” Bruce said, his face a sympathetic gesture, “He’s gonna find out eventually, especially if this is serious, which it likely is.”
“We are going to have it right now,” Tony clarified, snatching at Steve’s top to take it off.
“Uh,” Steve frowned, “Good morning.”
“OK, guys, I know this is a lot to take in but one thing at a time,” Steve said authoritatively, protectively holding Tony and clenching his teeth, “Thor has gone to find out about this alien and what he did to Tony as much as he can.”
Does he always reach the worst conclusion? Mostly.
“What? Who told you that?”
him. His eyes shoot up to his eyebrows, as he sets a rhythm slow at first, and savours every fibre of every vein of Steve that he can feel inside of him, around him, and it fucking hurts for a few seconds, and then it’s so
A nurse and a doctor came in and slowly removed the tube from his throat. Steve had to move out of the way for them to do their thing, to make sure he was okay.
Tony was taken aback, and stuttered backwards a few steps.
Tony was frowning at himself.
“That baby’s gonna grow up with two superheroes who saved the world. Don’t put too much pressure on her, now.”
“WHAT THE
“Hey, what’re you guys talking about?” Barton said as he strolled into the room, signalling a shot for himself as well.
“Of course I do,” Steve responded, “How could you think any different?”
He was pretty sure ‘grouchiness’ wasn’t a side effect of some medication he was taking, as it hadn’t been before, and generally he’s not that grumpy, so maybe he really did just need more sleep, like Steve said – not that he would tell him that. From then on he
Steve had to be removed during the procedure by Thor, as Bruce, who was helping, said he was distracting in that he was almost sick due to seeing Tony’s insides being cut open, and the blood.
“Thank you,” Steve said to her earnestly at the breakfast table. “I think I will.”
A tear slipped down Tony’s cheek.
“A friend.” Steve’s voice sounded cool.
“Well then hurry IT UP!”
“Well, you should show me some of yours too. It would only be fair,” Tony said, looking up to Steve’s eyes. Steve kissed him again.
you make a good point,” Tony nodded absentmindedly, leaning on the counter as he took as sip of his coffee.
“Tony, you know you’re welcome there. That’s the whole point. Everyone’s welcome. How about, we just go for the one service?”
Tony slowly, almost regretfully, hands Steve the gun, and turns to face the sea.
“I know,” Steve said uncomfortably, and he moved to sit down on a bar stool around the side of the counter. “Tony, I’ve genuinely always considered you a good friend, as well as the other Avengers and people I’ve worked alongside, even if it may not seem it. I know
“Tony, please,” he said desperately, swallowing, “I thought-”
“I can confirm, Dr Banner. The alien has made Tony’s body hospitable for recreation, most likely with some kind of alien concoction or chemical that we are not aware of.”
Steve got a little worried when Bruce and Natasha came back, and Bruce was saying that Tony shouldn’t be left alone right now.
“You need a hand there?”
“Ok, firstly, I didn’t come out here to off myself, I came to make a
Steve stared as Tony’s throat started convulsing, but he still hadn’t opened his eyes.
“Oh, the media can
Tony slowly stood up from where he was sitting on the ground, overlooking the sea and in the shade of a lovely tree.
“Yea, I know. I’ll miss you. But I’ll see you later tonight, ok?”
! We haven’t had sex in ages!”
Bruce stalked off, and Tony got down, wincing at his arm.
“But I wanted – I wanted you before, anyway.”
“You’re…not going to make baby-sized Iron Man armour, right?” Steve had to ask.
Disgust burst out laughing,
Tony ignored Steve and pushed up one more time to try and get it, only to latch onto the shelf above him as his feet left the chair and were left dangling again. His eyes widened at his predicament.
“Wait, you mean like, sanctioning him in a mental hospital?”
“My therapist says I need to step out of my comfort zone a bit. Doing this step-by-step therapy that involves, uh, you know, physical touch bla-bla-bla. Whaddya think, wanna – hug it out?” Tony asked uncertainly, and stepped round the counter to open his hands out for a hug. Steve smiled, and went straight into Tony’s arms, squeezing his arms around his waist gently.
No, he’s not backing out of it anymore, he just wants to be sure before he commits to the decision. Cause, you know. It’s you know, a big decision to make, really, he tells himself. But then he thinks, looking over the waves of the water and the beautiful way the sun beams on it, that he just doesn’t want to live. Anymore. So, the alternative is death.
“Hmmm…” She wasn’t really listening.
Tony was looking worried now. They both were. Bruce put a hand on Tony’s shoulder to steady him, and Tony nodded, running a hand through his hair.
Tony frowned at her.
– in his face, much to his shock, before getting away again. But Thor had then finally captured the mischievous creature which was from another planet before it could do any more damage (especially to the tower). Apparently, it had magic, but didn’t cause serious harm, like a goblin or something in Earth terms – still, it did not
“Well then, who would carry you?”
Tony huffed, irritated as Bruce looked at the screens again, frowning.
“Of course, man. As if you need to ask.” Tony’s eyes widened, and he looked to Steve, who was smiling, and nodded happily at him. Tony went to hug Rhodey again.
Bruce nodded, and the group of avengers was left to let everything sink in for a moment.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony said in a friendly way, then realised he was waving his hand around a bit. With. A gun. Which Steve saw. Which. Wasn’t. Good.
Sandy breathed in heavily and nodded, like this information was interesting coming from him, but she wasn’t necessarily surprised.
“We need you
The warning signs were going off on the wall again.
“What- see, this is why I didn’t want this – I don’t need you
Steve was scared. No matter what, he just kept thinking –
Joy sighed.
Steve had only gone to get some coffee, and was talking with Happy, who was here with Rhodey, when machines from inside Tony’s room was beeping where a doctor was already monitoring him. The doctor snapped to attention and called for his team, and before they knew what was happening they were being ushered out of the way as multiple staff went in Tony’s room and swarmed him with machines, and they couldn’t see what was happening. Happy was shouting at some staff, asking them worriedly what was going on, and Rhodey was trying to get a peek in the window. Steve just stood there, frozen to the spot, his heart feeling like it had stopped, as he watched them carefully do their jobs. Most of what they were saying was lost on him, but he still listened.
“Tony, you’ll be feeling the effects of the epidural any time now. It’s nearly baby time,” their obstetrician said.
“You still feel the baby kicking around in there?” Steve asked, with a hand on Tony’s back, and one tentatively on his belly.
Tony smirked a bit.
“Who was that guy?” Steve asked. Tony got his stuff to leave.
to convince him it was okay, and their lesser embarrassed obstetrician to reassure him as well. Honestly.
“So…you’re really. Not going anywhere?” Tony asked.
“And a damn good auntie she’ll make too,” Steve said, and Natasha looked up to him, her lips quirking into an emotional smile. It really had been a day for them all.
“Come on, I think you need a rest. You think you need a doctor? Is it something serious?”
couldn’t be deterred.
“And, well
Tony groaned, but it might be to do with the whole upside-down thing. Steve jogged towards the carrier, inside the quinjet, finally, as the team around him filtered around, and the door closed. The warmer quinjet in contrast to the cold air outside was soothing, and Steve opened his eyes, very gently lifting Tony down and putting him onto the medic bed, his eyes rolling in his head, and strangely trying to grasp onto something, presumably Steve, so he stayed to hold his hand as he bent down, smoothing the hair out of his face. He looked around him. The others were staring.
“Should I call Steve?”
He suddenly saw Tony from short distance away, fighting with another guy.
“Yes, Steve, I do have the power to do that and it is a possibility if it means keeping my patient safe. But I have faith in his…support team.”
“Tony?”
“Tony! You can
“Not bad, I guess.”
“So you’re going ahead with it as planned? Nine months, giving birth, the whole deal?” Natasha asked.
“Which he will,” she reassured, squeezing his shoulder.
Tony buried his head in Steve’s neck to take in the fresh, cottony smell of his blue wings. The tips of them then tickled the bottom of Tony’s back, and he flinched a bit, mock-hitting him as Steve giggled, and it vibrated through him, making him smile. Tony pushed Steve’s hair back with the tip of his own wing, and Steve stroked the feathers gently, looking Tony in the eye in the dimness of their bedroom. Tony’s wings settled down, compacting behind his back comfortably.
Tony faltered, his mouth open. “W-well…I…
“Tony, calm down.”
could control what was going to happen – no one else gets to decide for him. He scoffs. Wow. He has issues.
“It’s Steve, because we’re friends Tony, and we’re on first name basis, to start with.”
Steve happily complied, and generously helped Tony out of his top as well, so their bare skin could be touching, like electricity coursing to each other, but then a pleasurable warmth settles, and it tickles their nerves, wrapped up in each other’s strong iron hold, but soft, endearing.
the way he thought Steve’s inspiring speech was going.
Tony looked at Steve, then back to the group.
“Oh, my,
“I gotta say, it feels a bit redundant saying goodnight and going to different rooms, when we’re only one floor away from each other,” Steve smiled.
“Hey.”
“Well, that’s enlightening.”
For Steve, things went in slow in motion.
Tony stood up and looked at him, expectantly.
Without looking away, Happy pulled out a caplet from his pocket. What a lifesaver that man was.
“I got so frustrated with you. From the first time we met in Berlin, and every mission after it seemed, I  was trying to comprehend – well, you, for starters, but also why you made me so mad. I think you reminded me of me.”
“You’re -” Bruce cut off, swallowing, “Friday?”
“Tony!”
this was safe, so it must have just been him,
“I’m ok, Steve,” he told him, managing to smile at him to alleviate his concern. “Feeling a little faint and breathless is not uncommon, ok? I’d tell you if I thought something was wrong. I’ll tell Bruce later when he gets back.”
“…That you’re probably gay and have internalised homophobia?” Tony questioned.
“No, Steve, what’s the point?” Tony cried, lifting his head up. “Yea, I’m up the duff. Happy, are we?” Everyone sobered quite quickly, seeing the look on Tony’s face. “And I haven’t…grown any women’s parts if that’s what you’re all thinking.” Tony wiped his nose with his hand and looked down, resting his elbows on his knees. Bruce swallowed and cleared his throat.
Tony pursed his lips.
“I’m trusting you with this,” he says tiredly.
“Stevie, calm down.”
“I could paint your wing for you, yellow, like your natural one!” Steve said happily. He had a goofy smile. “I am a painter - well not exactly, just an artist, but y’know.”
“They’re here, come on,” Steve said, gathering Tony up into a wobbly standing position, and helping him to walk. He was hunched over, looking faint all of a sudden, and wasn’t getting far. “Ok, you’re gonna have to forgive me for this,” Steve said, and Tony looked confused for about a second before Steve lifted him up and put him over his shoulder, holding onto his hip and leg, fireman style.
