“And you’re still determined to do this, aren’t you?”  Gabriel sighed.  “It’s not right, Castiel.  And it’s the reason that I told you no when you asked me to steal that prototype, but you didn’t want to hear it.  So you asked Luc to steal it, didn’t you?  And he did, even though he had no idea what you were really asking him to do!”
Chuck looked at the screen.  Sure enough, the wild crossfire had finally ceased.  Roman Enterprises Tactical Support members were cautiously making their way into the bunker now.
At the sound of his former name, Castiel blushed.  He accepted Sam’s hand, then gasped when Sam pulled him into a bone-crushing hug.  “Oof!  You’re welcome,” Cass chuckled.
“He lied to you from the moment he told you his name was Castiel Novak, Dean,” Sam reminded gently.  “He’s done nothing but lie to you from day one.  And I honestly think it’s best that you stay away from him.”
Castiel knew that humans couldn’t hear prayers.  It didn’t matter.  His prayer to Dean went out as the three of them took wing.
“I’m sorry, Cas, but I agree, too,” Gabriel sighed. “No matter what, we cannot let him take you again.  And if he gets the chance, we all know he’ll try!”
“Alright, I’ll be blunt.”  Luc turned in his chair so he was directly facing Sam.  “I understand that it’s going to take time.  We’re still getting used to each other, and we’ve both got a lot to learn.  But I have wanted a son of my own for a long time.  It just never worked out.  I went into the foster parent program hoping to find a boy I could adopt, someone I could bring into my family and one day leave everything to.  That’s you, Sam.  I want to adopt you.”
“Yeah,” Dean sighed.  “Sammy had celebrities and politicians wanting to meet him, get a picture taken with him, hell, even sleep with him!  He could have had his pick of anyone he wanted.”  He stilled.  “He didn’t want it, though.  He never wanted any of it.  But Bobby?  I took whatever I could get.  Male, female, threesomes, whatever. The men just wanted to get close to me.  I could use condoms with them and usually did, but the women?  Bobby, the women wanted to get pregnant from me!”
“Hey, not a problem, pal,” Lucifer soothed.  “Dean, welcome to Purgatory!  And you don’t have to worry, ok?  This is my private island, with tons of security.  The ferry you came on is pretty much the only way to get here.  No one gets on or off without triggering an alarm somewhere.  You and your brother are both safe here.”
I quickly plugged my wireless jack into my plate, jacked into Gabriel, and made some quick adjustments.  “There you go.  Better?”
Charlie was quick to come in.  She gave Cass a small smile.  “Hi!  Um, I did a little bit of playing with the dates on Dean’s collar.  Tricked it into thinking his sentence is over.  Now all that’s left is for you to release him.”
Castiel paused, looking down at Dean.  A stripe of sunlight from between the drapes fell onto Dean’s face, highlighting his freckles, the red-tinted stubble on his cheeks, the long lashes.  Something strange was happening.  It felt like a hand had reached into Castiel’s chest and was gripping his heart, squeezing painfully.  He somehow managed to swallow around it.  Forcing his eyes away, he turned and got his clothes.  Quickly, he dressed.  He hovered for a moment longer, daring to brush his fingers gently over Dean’s head.  Dean didn’t stir.
“Give Bobby and Charlie some time.  Everyone stays clear of Novak for a few days, Dean gets his head straight, and we figure out what’s really going on.”
“Too dangerous to who?” Dean asked sharply.  “I’m pretty damned sure you’re not this worried about me.”
Castiel quickly backed away from the door, moving rapidly until he tripped and fell into his bed.  His heart was pounding.  Too close.  Another moment, and he would have opened that door and gone in to talk to Dean.  He would have stupidly, irretrievably given away the fact that he knew who Dean really was.  And that would end everything.  If Dean found out Castiel knew who he was, Castiel had no doubt Dean would figure out that it could only be because Castiel had recognized Dean.  That meant Castiel knew Dean, which made buying his contract a clear violation of the most rigidly-enforced convicted laborer law there was.
Dean leaned over him.  “It’s just temporary, angel,” he soothed.  “Soon as I can, I’ll call my friends.  We’ll find a way to get you out of Angeli Quinque and hide you so deep in Purgatory that not even Gabe can find you!”
Dean blinked in confusion, but she didn’t stay to answer questions.  She moved to join the small group of defenders.
If Cass noticed, he didn’t respond.  He simply pulled Dean into the cabin, gave him a slight shove to move him back, and went back outside, closing the door.  Dean looked around, saw no other door, and turned around, trying to get the door open with his bound, numb hands.  He’d made zero progress before the door suddenly flew open, knocking him down.  Dean struggled back to his feet as Cass entered, put the bags he’d brought in on the floor, and locked the door.  “Home sweet home, at least for now.”
Finally, the angel tore his gaze away from Dean, moving back to Ketch for a brief moment before fixing on the trench coat in Ketch’s hand.  He frowned.  “Nice coat,” he said.
Castiel’s eyes idly wandered over the crowd and fell on a gleam of gold on the wrist of one of the delegates.  It was one of the ultra-modern high-tech wrist phones that had recently started to come back into fashion.  That was an idea.  What about a wristband interface?  Small, portable, easy to hide in plain sight...  That was perfect!
“Alright!” Michael yelled.  “I was wrong, and you were right, Luc.  After what happened with you, we should have dismissed him immediately!”
Dean had finally stopped screaming.  He was lying, panting and shaking, on the ground.  His green eyes were wide.  Castiel pulled free from his father and gathered him up, glaring at Naomi.  “Don’t you ever do that again!”
But Dean recognized what it meant.  He accepted the glass, looking awestruck.  “Th-thank you,” he managed.
“I think we’d all be happy to take care of him,” Mike agreed, looking around at the nodding heads.  Even Gabe was nodding energetically, his gaze locked on Cas.
But that was a lie.  He could.  He had to.  He couldn’t let Sammy fall just over his own stupid hang-ups.  So Cass was a male.  So what?  Dean had gay friends and even seeing them being affectionate with each other hadn’t bothered him.  But the very thought of himself with another man?  Dean had been fighting the urge to throw up when he’d thought Cass was about to kiss him.  The idea of actually letting a man put his hands on him made Dean’s skin crawl.
Then the power went out, and Castiel was standing in the darkness in the sudden silence.  He held his breath, silently counting.  One second, two, three...
Crowley’s face had gone a startling shade of red.  “Fine!” he spat.  “If you can’t follow directions simple enough for a child, you can direct your questions to my shapely backside.  Senator Rooney, my client and I are leaving!”
“Oh, indeed, it certainly sounds that way!  Mr. Novak, if you’re going to try to blow smoke up my ass?  I strongly suggest you gag your laborer in advance.”
“What I believe or don’t believe doesn’t matter,” she said, still maintaining her perfect poker face.
“I trust him,” Cass said.  “He’s made some bad choices, but in the end, they were for good reasons.”
“Here’s the thing.  Word is already spreading through the ranks, alright?  The decision we make here will affect how this sort of thing is handled from here on out.  Are we going to let our staff believe that it’s possible to strike an Angeli Quinque Angel and get away with it?!”
“Wait,” Dean called.  “You’re telling me that a couple of miles outside of this dome, there’s clean air, actual farmland?”
“I was,” Gabriel said quietly.  “When we were looking into Chimera, I kept getting headaches, remember?  I got a bad one while Sammy and I were out working on one of the com towers.  Naomi was with us and used the diagnostic jack on me, said they were stress related. Then she had you come and help me once we got back home.”
He didn’t respond.  I moved closer, sinking to one knee in front of him so we’d be at eye level.  His eyes stared right through me, but I smiled at him anyway.  “We got lucky,” I told him.  “We found a decent man who’s letting me work for our keep.  We can stay here, and you’ll be safe, until you get better. Then you can decide what you want to do, ok?  It’s your choice.”
“Yes, darling, that’s what the sign says.”  Crowley still didn’t look up.  “You’d be Mr. Singer and Mr. Winchester, I presume?”
Cass was getting up.  “Mr. Roman, I do appreciate the favor you did for my family,” he was saying.  “And I appreciate your generous offer.  But I’m afraid my answer is still no.  Thank you for the lunch.”
“I know I can’t cook as well as you, but I made eggs, scrambled, poached, and sunny-side-up,” Cass explained, continuing to pile dishes on the table.  “White, wheat, and multi-grain toast with butter and a couple different jams.  Here’s some bacon, I know you love bacon.  I also made some sausages, ham, and breakfast steak.  Here’s a bowl of that sugary cereal you ate at the motel.  Are you thirsty?  I have coffee, milk, and orange juice.  Oh, I made pancakes, too, and I brought that strawberry syrup you liked.  Do you want fruit?  I have bananas, blueberries, and strawberries.”  Cass paused, watching Dean anxiously.  “Did I forget anything?  Just say so.  I’ll make you anything you want.”
Dean stared.  An actual ankle holster?  He hadn’t even known the things existed outside of the movies!  Suddenly, Dean felt cold.  Cass likely had that thing the entire time Dean had been with him.  Cass was a sharpshooter.  He could have put a hole into Dean at any time.  Suddenly, Dean felt a little less irritated about being knocked out and restrained.
They drove for hours.  The man had initially tried to make polite conversation.  Dean responded with a few grunts, staring moodily out the window.  The man got the message and went silent.
Ketch waited patiently, letting Dean get hold of himself.  When Dean looked up, he was silently offering a box of tissues.  Dean accepted them gratefully.  “Sorry.”
Even now, Dean wasn’t sure why he’d told Chuck everything he knew.  This was the man responsible for the death of his mother.  Carver Shurley had not only created the tech for the Convicted Laborer Program, he’d also created the monster that had murdered her.  Everything in Dean wanted to simply reach out and squeeze the man’s throat until he stopped breathing forever.  But something in his eyes stopped him.  Carver Shurley was a greedy, selfish bastard who had been interested only in growing rich.  Chuck Novak, however, was a different man.  And right now, Chuck Novak was their best hope.  From the safety of another dome, Chuck could contact CLaIM, join forces with them, and tear through the Roman Enterprises computers to find every weakness they had.  The man was already hard at work on a laptop as Michael drove the big car taking the family to safety.
Blue eyes seemed to peer into him.  “I see a lot of myself in you, Dean.  And it’s not just that I recognized some of the bruises.”  He waved vaguely towards Dean.  “You’re trapped right now, but not just with me.  You’re trapped in your life.  You’ve already made some choices that have only served to trap you even more.  Even if you hadn’t decided to rob that store, I believe that you were inches away from going over a cliff.  I took you to offer you one last chance, before you did something out of desperation that you couldn’t ever come back from.”
“It’s alright.  I know you’re a part of them, and this Bobby person you mentioned probably is, too.  They’re the ones who have your brother, right?”
She immediately hugged me, her professional demeanor gone with the wind.  “Don’t give up, darling!  We’ll get him back to Heaven once he recovers and do what we can.  If anyone has a chance to help him, it’s my brilliant Samandriel!”
“No, it’s not.  It’s the company’s.”  Raphael sighed.  He leaned forward in his chair, taking Castiel’s hand in both of his.  “I promise you, brother, I will spare no expense. I’ll get Winchester the very best of care, physical therapy, psychological treatment if he needs it afterwards, and make sure he’s comfortable for the rest of his life.  He saved you, and for that I’d bankrupt Angeli Quinque!  But there are some things even I can’t afford.”
“Shot?”  Dean looked at Bobby.  The gruff, sweet old man wasn’t moving.  He simply sat as he was, too still.  He turned Bobby’s head and stared in horror at the bullet hole.
Cass had started handing out food.  Dean accepted his with a smile and a quiet “Thank you,” hoping Cass would look at him.  Cass didn’t.  He only nodded and moved on.  Dean quietly started eating, feeling miserable.
Shunting the car aside, Castiel altered the test environment and brought up a basic smartwatch, absently overriding the test environment protocols and bringing up the specs from the Angeli Quinque computer banks. He studied them, causing the image of the device to spin so he could view it from all angles.  Who had designed this?  It was horribly inefficient!  Castiel went to work, hacking through the specs and tearing out everything slow or redundant.  Then he checked the figures.  He could, he realized, increase the capacity by at least 30% with some simple modifications. That would be sufficient for his needs with Project Samandriel.  Perhaps if he...
“Then we’ll prove it.”  Rufus offered Dean a smile that looked weirdly out of place on the face of the gruff investigator.  “Bobby and I are working hard to clear your name.  You’ll still have to face charges for trying to rob that store in the first place, kid, but you won’t end up paying for a murder you didn’t commit, not if we have anything to say about it.”
“Lucifer, stop!”  Castiel pried at the fingers digging into his arm.  “You’re hurting me!  Let me go!”
“I assure you, it has been tempting on several occasions,” came a familiar gravelly voice.  “Hello, Dean.”
“I know, alright?  Ellen, listen to me.”  Dean squeezed Ellen’s hands.  “I’m glad you’re getting out of this.  I hope you have a great life.  And I need to be with you when Crowley takes your collar off.”
Once they were gone, Castiel headed back into his section.  The massive blue archway with the words “Angel Castiel” seemed to mock him.  He stared for a long moment at the blue angel on the door.  “I’m no angel,” he told the winged figure.  “Out of six, only one of us was actually an angel.  And it wasn’t me.  It was never me!”
Winchester was looking a little wild-eyed.  He followed as Castiel’s staff got him into his antigrav belt.  “I don’t get this.  I mean, this is the Angel Castiel, the genius inventor!  How can he be so, well, this?!”
“Your babysitter,” Raphael agreed.  “We call them bodyguards and they do actually serve that purpose, but let’s face facts, Cas.  You’re brilliant, that’s undeniable, but you completely lack the ability to care for yourself.  You wander off constantly, you forget to eat or sleep or exercise, and you’d never leave your lab if we didn’t lock you out periodically!”
Dean stayed quiet, watching as Cass got up and gathered his things.  Cass finished and stood up, frowning at Dean.  “Show me that you’re willing to change,” he challenged.  “Show me that you’re willing to grow and take responsibility for your brother.  Show me that you’d be able to provide a good life for him.  And in return, I’ll make some calls and see if I can’t find out where he is.  Before that, though, we need to find a way to deal with the charges against you.”
She says her mother’s sapphire and diamond earrings, ring, and bracelet are still in the bastard’s safe at his place.”
“If it’s a trick, stab your blade right through my heart!” Dean snapped. “Not like I need it anymore anyway.” And with that, he started forward, shoulders hunched, pushing his way through the crowd without ever checking to see that we followed.
“I get it,” Dean said.  He seemed slightly winded, but still managed a smile.  “But that’s part of what I’m getting at.  We’re both working through stuff, right?”
“That right there is why he didn’t take you,” Bobby interrupted, pointing at Dean with the hand holding his beer.  “You think it’s a coincidence that Azazel knew exactly what buttons to push with you?  That it’s chance your brother was taken in by someone connected to what’s happening with Castiel?  All you’re seeing right now is the net these bastards are trying to close around Castiel.  Fortunately, that boy’s instincts are as sharp as they ever were.  He took off before they could trap him, and that’s good news all around, especially for you.”  Bobby sighed and rubbed at his eyes.  “Dean, you have no idea what these people are capable of, or the lengths they will go to in order to get what they want.  The fact that your brother is in any way associated with them is bad enough.  Are you going to try to tell me now that you’d keep your head down if you were out there with Castiel?  That you’d never try to contact your brother at all?  Because I guarantee they’d get information to you someway, somehow that they had him.  They’d dangle that kid in front of you, and you’d jump right out to try to get to him.  And the moment you did?  Well, then it would be obvious Castiel didn’t just part ways with you.  And that makes you a liability.”
In retrospect, maybe walking right down the middle of the road had been a bad idea, but what was the alternative?  If he’d gone into the woods, the chain between his ankles would have quickly become tangled in something.  Dean could picture himself hopping around, looking like a fish on a line, caught by the chain on a bush and just waiting for Cass to come along, cut him loose, and drag him back.  Would that have been any more or less humiliating than what had actually happened?  Did it matter?  The bottom line was that Cass had expected Dean couldn’t be trusted.  The bastard simply dumped Dean over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, deposited him into the passenger seat of his car, and driven back.
Dean was twisting in his arms, turning his body away from Castiel.  One hand continued to push at Castiel’s chest, the other was trying to pry the angel’s hands away.  “No!”  Castiel pulled Dean back, drawing the human against his chest.  “No, I want more.”
“Actually, I’m currently responsible for you both.  You see, Lucifer never did get around to amending his will,” the Senator explained.  “I’m aware he wanted Sam to be his heir, but as Sam’s adoption hadn’t yet gone through channels, all of his estate was slated to his brother Angelo.  And Angelo, most likely to maintain his image as my closest confidant?”  He winced, the pain of that betrayal evident.  “Well, I get everything.  As Lucifer’s ultimate beneficiary, I’ve already taken steps to have your guardianship and conservatorship dissolved.  With your permission, I’d like to adopt you and your brother.”
“You don’t understand that this ground isn’t even!” the angel yelled frantically.  “Holy oil is a liquid.  It runs downhill.  You just poured more of it, it’s running down the slope, and now this circle is closing!”  Already, pain was lancing through his Grace.  He’d turned, trying to move his delicate wings away from the flames, but the trickle of burning oil was forcing him back, into grass already saturated and alight with flames that licked at his wings.  Instantly, they caught, flames roaring through the celestial matter as though through dry kindling.  He screamed.  “Please!  Let me out!”
I grimaced.  Turning him back around, I threw Barney roughly on the ground.  “If you ever come near Castiel again?” I snarled.  “I will fucking kill you!”
His father.  The man had beaten Dean, locked him overnight in a closet, for the crime of loving Immanuel.  Not just because of Immanuel’s family, but because a man did not love another man.  Well, actually Dean had several gay friends.  They hadn’t even made him feel uncomfortable.  But Dean himself couldn’t love another man.  It wasn’t right.  He needed to be strong, to protect Sam and...
“It still doesn’t give me the right to hurt you,” Castiel replied.  “The way I treated you when I first brought you home?  There’s no excuse for that.”
For once, it was me that was wandering aimlessly, trudging through the streets and alleys near the bar with no real destination in mind while Castiel trailed after me.  He walked with his head down, one hand gently holding my sleeve and the other shoved into the pocket of Bobby’s coat, not saying a word.  He didn’t try to push me.  He didn’t try to break the ice.  He was just there.  And it was the best thing he could be.  My anger, my hurt, and the incredible sense of betrayal I was feeling rolled and boiled inside of me.  I was like a volcano ready to erupt.  If he’d tried to push me now, I knew, chances were high I’d lash out, say something I might not mean and sever that fragile thread that linked us forever.
At least Cass wasn’t hovering outside the door now.  Dean had heard him shuffling around outside, peeking in on him once more, and then walking away a while ago.  Whatever relief he may have felt about his captor being gone was swallowed in the anxiety about where he went and what Cass was up to now.
By request, I have fleshed out the tags a bit to include character names.  As I'm still working on this story, it's possible tags could change.  However, I have even gone to the trouble of listing the character names in alphabetical order by first name.  Hopefully, that should appease even a certain anal retentive marine *smooch*
“No, genius, I own the place and wear this as a fashion statement.  My other one is covered with diamonds.  I only wear that on the weekend.”  She pushed the door open, still scowling.  “Get your ass in here.  You can...  Sweet Mary’s ass, what is that smell?!”
I clamped my hand over Cas’s mouth and pinned his arms, dragging the Angel away from the door.  Cas immediately panicked, kicking and thrashing and doing everything possible to free himself.  If there was a guard in that cabin, there was no way in Hell I was going to be able to satisfactorily explain myself.  Fuck it. I let go of Cas’s mouth in favor of getting a better grip around his middle, lifting him partway off of his feet so I could start dragging him back.
Dean tried to push Cass away.  He really did.  It wasn’t his fault his muscles were reading the “push” signals from his brain as “pull.”  It was like being possessed.  Some part of his mind, the loud part that sounded suspiciously like his father, was screaming at Dean.  But Dean couldn’t stop.  It was Cass that finally broke the kiss, releasing Dean’s hair to gently remove Dean’s clutching fingers from his own.
“That’s his destiny,” the angel insisted.  “His ultimate honor.  Human vessels are rare.  It’s why we give candidates a lunar month before we take them and encourage procreation.”
Dean hesitated a moment before he answered.  “He wanted to buy my contract.  He knows I’m a bounty hunter.  Said he could use me.”
Cass was getting up.  His warm body was moving away, leaving Dean suddenly feeling cold as his sweat met the air.  “Where are you going?” he whined.
And then Lucifer stiffened.  “Rebooting,” he announced, his voice monotone.  “Control established.  Rebooting.  Rebooting. I...  Help!  Gabriel, please, I need you!”
“You can’t keep me,” Dean insisted.  “I can’t stay here for fifteen years.  One way or another, with or without your help, I need to get back out there.  But I don’t want to completely lose contact with you, either.  When I’m free?  I want to keep talking to you.  I know someone who might be able to set things up and...  Cass?”
“He needs to work!”  That was Naomi.  “If this is anything like it was last time, working is the only thing Angel Castiel will be able to do, and only then in spurts.  The more he’s on the jack...”
There were more questions, just like they usually were.  But Castiel had stopped paying attention.  As always, the mention of Samandriel’s name almost immediately had sent him deep into his memory files, accessing everything he could find dealing with the missing Angel.  Samandriel. Sweet, eternally cheerful, always smiling Samandriel, who had specialized in, of all things, Emotional Stability.  Samandriel hadn’t even had his own section, spending his time on his own, roaming between the five sections of the other Angels.  His only true job had been to make sure the other five Angels were emotionally stable.  Psychology. How ironic that the non-science of psychology had been the specialty area of the only one capable of bringing Castiel out of overload.
“Oooookay.  Look, Cas, you’re a mess.  You’re all dirty from being under the desk.  So I’m going to get you cleaned up.  Then I’ll take you to your lab, because your indicator’s on.  That’s important for an Angel, right?  That you get your jack time?  So...  Yeah, I’ll get you cleaned up.”  He started pulling Castiel again, getting him to his feet and forcing him to start walking.
“Just a memory file Alfie gave me that he found in Cas’s head.  The last one, apparently.  How he died.”
“I’m an angel of the Lord, Dean,” Angel reminded.  “I was created to serve.  My only purpose is to serve Heaven.  Without that, what’s left for me?”
It was, without a doubt, the quietest, most painful ride I’d ever taken with the family since I joined Heaven’s Angels.  I was dreading how we were going to handle the announcement. If Cas started wandering while we were all under the unforgiving spotlights in front of the cameras, the whole world would know about his condition.  That terrified me.  I didn’t want anyone to know just how vulnerable my Angel brother really was. By the time we were lined up for the announcement, I’d already thrown up twice.
“I’m sorry.  It was the wrong approach, but I was caught off-guard.  I hadn’t expected for you to be...”  Once more, the eyes went to Bobby.  “You said he was like your father.  Is it safe to speak?”
“I did,” Chuck said.  “I still do.  Dean loves Castiel.  I don’t understand how he could have done this.  But I also believe that, wherever Dean is?”  His hand tightened on Castiel’s.  “He’s hurting, too.”
“Yes, you’re here,” Bobby interrupted once again.  “That’s where we’ve got the problem.  Leave.  Now.  Before I get my scattergun and see how fast you can run with lead shot in your ass.”  He smiled widely.  “You have a nice day, now.”
Her words had surprised Dean somewhat.  He was more surprised when she winked at him, popped a lollipop into her mouth, and sauntered back to Sam.  Sam practically had hearts in his eyes as he watched her.
“And is that what you’ll cling to, Cass?” Dean pressed.  “When he takes me tonight, is that what you’re going to tell yourself?”
“They don’t go red, actually.  The colors, they’re consistent.  If Gabriel overloads, his eyes get a golden glow.”
Cas saw me and picked up his pace, stumbling and nearly falling by the time I reached him.  “I’m sorry,” he said between chattering teeth.  “I don’t know how I got out here!  He found me and he was nice at first.  He called Bobby, helped me onto his vehicle and we started driving back.  But then the wind blew my hat off.  He looked back at my plate, started swearing at me, pushed me off of his vehicle and drove off.  I didn’t know what else to do, so I started to follow him.  But I’m so cold, Dean!  My shoes got wet and I can’t feel my toes anymore!”
“If you don’t leave now, we are both lost!”  Angel gave Dean another shove.  “If you are truly my friend, then find him, Dean.  He’s the only chance you have now.”
Cas didn’t respond.  We were all quiet, watching him as he squinted up, seeming to consider Dean’s words.  “I went to Raph and asked him to check for any accounts in Sammy’s name because if that was the original plan, then I knew it had to have already started.  And it was! But Sammy never even knew about those accounts, alright?  And he didn’t know what I was going to do here, either.”  Dean took his hand, bowed his head almost as if in prayer.  “Cas, angel, please believe me?  I fought and bled for you, jumped off a building for you, and I know damned well what the penalty is for stealing all six of you the way I did.  And it’s worth it!  It’s worth it, if I can at least save you!”
Angeli Quinque puts on a demonstration for some new clients, but Castiel is less than pleased to participate
“Yeah,” Dean admitted.  “I don’t know if it’s Stockholm Syndrome, or just another example of me being fucked in the head.  I know I should hate Cass for kidnapping me.  But I don’t.  Cass is…  He doesn’t deserve this.  He didn’t deserve the shit that happened to him, and he doesn’t deserve what’s going on now.”
“This filth is apparently a messenger from the King of Hell,” Naomi explained.  “She came to one of our Earth gates, seeking an audience with Michael.  Naturally, she was refused, but she did have an interesting story to tell, complete with this picture.”
Cass was so incredibly dense, but Dean couldn’t help but chuckle.  “Dude.  They tied me to your bed.  You’ve been up here for about ten minutes now.”
“Gabriel,” I explained.  “All of our brains are severely, irreparably undeveloped, but mom and dad found certain parts more developed than others.  In Gabe, it’s the empathy portion.  That’s why he tends to be the one who considers the other side of a situation, and why I’m so shocked at how he voted tonight!”
“And, you were right.  It was a closed auction.  Only people associated with Roman Enterprises could see and bid on your contract.”
Another shudder went through Castiel’s body. Dean frowned.  “Dammit, you’re really cold!  I shouldn’t have let you stand in the draft so long.  Here.”
Dean was once again pulling the car over to the side of the road.  Now he put it into park and turned to Castiel. “Don’t,” he pleaded.  “Don’t sell my contract to him.  Please.”
“Save it,” Cass growled.  “A very large part of me still wants to kill you, Senator.  So I would strongly advise you hunker down and shut up!”
“It’s not worth it,” Bobby insisted.  “You can keep looking, but you need to get Castiel somewhere safe.  You know how bad he was when he got out of that hellhole, Rufus.  If you don’t want to take him to the bunker, fine, but you better find somewhere to hide, and fast.”
Luc started crooning “Born Free.”  That made Mike laugh.  Neither of them paid any mind to Dean’s struggling as they dragged him down the hall and into Cass’s room.  Then they kept going.  The backs of Dean’s legs banged against something and he went over backwards.  Mike and Luc kept pulling, dragging him, kicking all the way, up onto Cass’s bed.  “What the fuck are you doing?!”
Dean was just about to pull out his phone and play a game or something when the lights in the barn flickered.  Then the metal roofing started rattling violently, as though battered by gale-force winds.  Dean jumped to his feet, looking around.  Several of the designs painted on the walls were glowing.  Some started to smoke, others to melt completely away.
The observation was so obvious that the angel didn’t deign to acknowledge it.  He simply started walking, heading towards the closest town, and wondered just what it was he’d agreed to?
Jacobs hummed.  He began to walk slowly around her.  Charlie’s skin crawled, almost feeling the man’s eyes on her.  “I have to say, you look much better in a skirt.  And that collar is the perfect accessory.  But I heard you joined up with CLaIM.  So I’m betting that little piece of jewelry on your pretty neck isn’t real.”
Winchester stared at him.  Then he stomped over, grabbed the angel’s arm, and pulled him to his feet.  “Not happening.  You’re getting up, and you’re coming with me.  You and I are going to make a deal.”
Dean raised his hand.  “You can zap me, you can treat me like shit, whatever you want.  I get it.  You’re upset because I let you believe there was something between us.”
Dean was so lost in his thoughts he practically ran into Cass when he came around the back of the house.  Cass had apparently been in a similar state.  He jumped when he saw Dean.  Unfortunately, Cass had been holding a drink in his hand.  The end result was that both of them were staring at each other, iced tea dripping from their faces and shirts.
“They told us this man had my dad’s wallet, and his description and the picture on dad’s license matched, except some sort of tumors on his back?”
“My point is, I came home and found nothing left to live for,” Cass continued.  “I believe that our paths crossed for a reason.  I have no intention of hurting you, especially not like that.  We were meant to come together, Dean.  I brought you here so that I could help you.”
Castiel shrank in his seat.  “I know.  I’m sorry.  I should have asked you before, but I knew you’d say no.”
“Of course it’s true!” the angel exclaimed.  “Every word of that is true.  Through candidacy, humans are selected to be lifelong partners with angels.  Together, they rule the planet.  That’s why it’s such an honor!”
Mom’s lawyers were picking their lives apart, desperately searching for anything at all they could use to try to claim they weren’t fit to be guardians. Fortunately, dad had anticipated and planned for this.  He had lawyers already briefed and on retainer, ready to do battle.  Michael and Gabriel were with them, wireless jacks and portable network access at hand, ready, willing, and eager to fight for the terms we’d all agreed to.  They’d remained up front with the lawyers and the two brothers.
Bobby grunted in acknowledgement.  “You ain’t in the clear yet.  First thing you gotta do is turn yourself in.  Rufus and I already sent our evidence to the cops back in your hometown.  But you’re going to have to go back there, and it’s best if you turn yourself in here, first.”
“I mean that I know Hael,” the angel explained.  “She’s still copper level.  If she’d brought your brother in, given the Archangel Lucifer his vessel?  That should have been an instant promotion to silver.  Had I completed my mission, I would have been silver, as well.  Bringing an archangel a vessel is that important, Dean.  So why is she still copper?”
Cass was out, his wings buzzing like an oversized black bumblebee as he hovered in front of Nosering.  “These humans are under my protection,” he announced boldly. “Leave, or I’ll be forced to hurt you!”
At the sound of his own name, Dean’s smile grew even wider.  Castiel found himself smiling back, feeling warm despite the chill in the wind.
“It doesn’t matter.  After what happened to Samandriel?”  Castiel’s voice was quiet.  “There’s a reason that the handers actively separate us if one of us goes into overload.”
Cass quickly released Dean, pushing the younger man slightly behind him.  “Get in the car,” he ordered, dragging his keys out of the back pocket.  “We’re leaving.”
“Sure,” Gabe agreed.  “Oh, speaking of files, I was able to dig a bit more, find out what Bartholomew was up to with those lawyers.  Turns out, he was digging into the Chimera contracts!  Now isn’t that interesting?”
“Looking for his brother.”  Gabriel's face was a mask that hid his emotions.  “This entire incident was set off by a meeting he had with me.  He’d apparently met with some people, learned about the events surrounding the death of Sam Winchester.  Didn’t take it well.”
He grunted.  “Now that I’ve seen a bit of what being with these guys has been like for you, I can see why you wouldn’t want to believe me.  They’re actually pretty awesome.”  He paused. “You call them your brothers?”
Dean didn’t seem to notice when Castiel gently put his bucket at the foot of the stairs and didn’t go up them.  The teen had returned to his wall and appeared ready to start scrubbing again.  But he stiffened in surprise when Castiel’s arms gently slipped around his waist.  “C-Cass?  We, um, should get this finished.”
Right.  The presentation.  He’d been about to wander off yet again, lost in his thoughts.  Even as Castiel nodded and settled back down, his brain was busy processing the file.  Project Samandriel.  If only he had some privacy, a way to work on his project away from the watchful eyes of Angeli Quinque!  It’s too bad he hadn’t found this file while he was at the cabin with Dean.  But why had he buried it?  The project was unsettling because he seemed to have multiple large, obvious gaps in his memory concerning it.  How had that happened?  This required extensive investigation.
Dean brought the sandwich and milk in and carefully sat them on the corner of her desk.  “Let me know if you need anything else.”
“The thing that makes the least sense to me is what Dean said, about mom pushing to have Bartholomew assigned to Castiel in his place,” I said.  “Mom hates veterans!  She’s from a high society family, and she’s said more than once that it’s a good thing the poor end up in the military because they’re too stupid to not have kids they can’t afford to take care of.”
Dean obeyed.  Cass dragged him down and roughly kissed him.  Surprised, Dean was reaching up to put his arms around him when Cass suddenly bit his lip.  Dean barely had time to yelp before Cass pushed him back, mussed his hair, and, to Dean’s astonishment, tore the collar of his shirt a bit.  His surprise increased when Cass suddenly hauled off and backhanded him across the face.  “What the hell?!”
But for the presence of the collar, Dean would almost feel normal.  Luckily, while it was made from strong metal that shielded the electronics inside, it was thin, and loose enough Dean could slide it up and down his neck a little to facilitate shaving.  He’d suspected he had burns this time for sure.  He’d been right.  There was a band of reddened, sore skin where the collar typically sat.  It looked and felt exactly like a sunburn.  Wonderful.  No doubt, assuming it didn’t get burned further, that would end up itchy and peeling.  He’d been grateful for the cream, although irritated he needed it in the first place.
“Brothers,” Castiel whispered.  “Can’t let them be stolen, Dean.  I had to save them.  It was always about saving them!  Dean...”
Dean tried to rub the blood out of his eye.  More only ran in to take its place.  His other eye was now swollen shut.  He could barely make out a pair of dark boots, nearly obscured by a set of black pants.  Then once again, hands were touching Dean.  His battered body was gathered up, held against a chest by strong arms.  “There now,” a voice whispered.  “I’ve got you.  You’re safe.”
“Alright.”  I forced my voice to be neutral, to not show him how much that hurt.  “I’m going to go downstairs, then, talk to Bobby.  I’ve got some explaining to do.  But I’ll keep checking on you.  And if you need anything, you call me.  Alright?”
The driver’s bearded face curved into a surprisingly-pleasant smile.  “This old piece of shit hasn’t killed me yet!  Hop in, son, get your wife there in out of the cold.  Excuse my language, ma’am, not used to being around a lady.”
“Oh, hell no!” Dean yelled, forgetting once again not to speak.  “I’m here as a mechanic and a laborer, not... Son of a bitch!”
A sharp blow to the teen’s solar plexus drove the air out of him.  Dean grunted and doubled over, looking up at Castiel in shock.  Castiel landed an expert hit to Dean’s jaw, and the teen crumpled to the ground.
Her expression grew serious, just as it always did when she reached this part of her presentation.  “Our sixth Angel, the Angel Samandriel, was designed to balance Angel Castiel and be balanced by Angel Raphael.  But when he was lost in a terrible accident, Angel Castiel was left without a failsafe.  The tragic loss of Angel Samandriel was a blow that resulted in a complete restructuring of the company.  Heaven’s Angels was reformed as Angeli Quinque.  The Angels themselves, due to their codependency on each other, needed a great deal of tireless work for this to happen.  They required new programming, complete with new safety protocols that limited their direct interaction with the public.  We are aware that this has resulted in a decrease in production.  And of course, our Research and Development section suffered the most from the loss.  Since he now has no control, out of necessity, Angel Castiel is now the only Angel with a hard limit.  Regardless of where he is on a project, once he nears capacity he is automatically shut out of his lab.”  She gave an understanding smile.  “We at Angeli Quinque are aware of the difficulty this has caused, the frustration and the complaints that our Lead Researcher is never allowed to work to his fullest extent. We understand that this has caused numerous delays, and even has resulted in some serious safety issues when projects Angel Castiel was directing off-site were suddenly halted mid-instruction without warning.  But without Angel Samandriel, the risk that Angel Castiel goes into overload is simply one we cannot take.”
Dean breathed a sigh of relief when Cass began picking at the knots.  “Thank you,” he said.  “That was really uncomfortable.  I would appreciate it if you didn’t do it again.”
“They do,” Charlie said softly.  “That’s exactly why I’m like this.  I’m aware, can communicate over the network.  But that?”  She indicated the twisted, burned figure on the bed.  “That’s pretty much what you’d become too, if Dean hadn’t done what he did to save you!”
“But Dick Roman doesn’t know anything about Dean!” Charlie squeaked.  “Even if Castiel takes him there, Roman doesn’t know anything about him.”
A man was slowly walking into the barn.  As he came forward, the lights above him burst into showers of sparks that rained down, trailing over the man’s hair and running down his body, completely ignored.  Instead, the man’s eyes locked briefly with Ketch’s before looking past him.  The newcomer looked briefly at Bobby.  Then he stared hard at Dean.
Cass nodded, his expression serious.  “That’s precisely what Heaven wants you to believe, Dean.”  To Dean’s relief, he’d stopped climbing stairs.  Now he was pushing through a door and into a hall.  “We went to a great deal of trouble to make sure you did.  It’s the single biggest reason that we took away anything and everything relating to angels, from Enochian tomes to holy books to paintings and statues.  Your generation was raised in this new world we created for you.”
No one said anything as Castiel stormed out. Outside the meeting room, a guard was waiting to take him back to his section.  Castiel nodded his thanks and headed up the stairs to the roof.
Dean shook his head and shoved food into his mouth.  He wasn’t sure exactly when it was he’d gone from hating Angel to feeling sorry for the bastard.  Probably when he’d dragged his flaming ass out of the fire.  Then, when he’d realized Angel was actually injured, Dean’s heart had swelled with pity.  But pity was one thing.  Dean could easily drop Angel off somewhere in a church or something, where he could use his status to demand protection until his wings healed.  Then he could fly back to Heaven, apologize to Michael, take whatever punishment the asshole dished out and then maybe try to figure out a way to get another, willing, candidate?  That was the best case scenario for Dean.  Worse case, Angel could take control at any time.  If he decided to chance the demons and step back into the spotlight, physically dragging Dean along with him, he could appeal to Michael and try to redeem himself right then and there.  It would be up to Michael to forgive Angel or smite him on the spot.  Either way, there was absolutely nothing Dean could do to stop him.  No matter how sad or pitiful he seemed, Angel was just that – an angel.  He was a powerful being, capable of doing things people used to believe were impossible.
“Normally, I would say he didn’t know, that it was just a lucky mistake,” the angel said.  “My name has been branded onto him since he was assigned to me as a child, and he never so much as prayed to me.”  He moved his arm so that one blue eye could take in his friend.  “But today, he used an angel banishing sigil.  He obviously knows something!”
Castiel looked from the single queen-sized bed to Dean and back.  “Um, I can take the floor,” he mumbled.
Then, to my absolute shock, Cas’s hand reached out, grabbed the wire, and yanked it out of Dean’s arm.
“Yeah.  Sure.”  Sam would decide on that when the time came.  He went out of his way to walk through the giggling Devil, making him disappear.
“None of this makes any sense!” I complained.  “Alright.  Gabriel, would you please look into this Bartholomew, see if you can find any connection to my mother?  I’ll go and talk to her, after I speak with the rest of our brothers.  Along with everything else that we just talked about, I need to re-stress that they not let on that you guys are in a relationship, especially you, Sammy and Gabriel!  I cannot imagine that my mother is really behind any of this, but there’s a lot of suspicion and potential evidence against her.  And I don’t know if you’ve realized this yet, but that means the Winchesters are in real danger.  Dad’s instructions provide for an equal share of the company to any spouses we Angels might have.  Gabriel already has one, and if Castiel marries Dean, that’s another piece out of the pie.  That would give two low-class veterans the opportunity to join forces and use their shares to give executive control to Gabriel or Castiel.  Since mom’s goal has always been that I get the lion’s share of everything, that gives her a fairly significant reason to want them both gone!”
“Fine,” Lucifer grumbled, reluctantly putting Castiel back down.  “Then I’ll take him when you’re finished.”
“Castiel?”  The note of warning in Dick’s voice made Cass pause.  “You do not want to make an enemy of me.”
The girl giggled.  Castiel swallowed hard and ordered the first thing on the menu.  She rang him up and gave him a number.  Dean pointed at the scanner sitting on the counter.  “Now you let it scan your ID chip, and it just takes the money out of your account.”
Dean headed to the kitchen, surprised to find it was fully stocked.  He got a large glass from the cupboard and put the flowers in it with some water.  This, he placed on the table.  “That’s nice,” he admitted.  “Adds some color.  Thank you, Cass.”
The angel shook his head and pushed the cards back towards the candidate.  “I’m afraid I don’t understand this game.”
“Dean, this is very important,” Castiel stressed.  “Do you have any proof that your brother was able to do what you claim?”
“Hey, that ‘generous account’ you mentioned before,” the candidate began.  “Can you access it without alerting the God Squad?”
Dean wobbled his way over to the table and sank down in one of the chairs.  “You had a nightmare, too,” he countered.  “Early this morning, you were crying like anything.  So if you’re so big on talking, how about we talk about yours?”
“Yeah, that’s the other weird thing,” Gabriel agreed.  “Sam Winchester’s records show him using Demon Blood for years before his last stint in rehab.  Even if he was only using in small doses before this last hit, he should be a mess.  But once he was arrested, his medical records don’t list withdrawal symptoms at all.  His blood tests are all clean.  The rampage he went on that landed him in prison was only a couple months ago.  How’d he get cleaned up and healthy so fast?”
“We gotta get these three separated!  Keep Angel Castiel down, get Angel Lucifer on the gurney, and drag Angel Gabriel back!”
“So it wasn’t a bomb?”  The candidate scoffed.  “I guess someone should have figured that out.  I mean, I saw what was left of that place in the documentary.  It was just one huge, smoking crater.  There were all kinds of theories about who Anna Milton really was, how she’d been able to persuade all these ordinary people from all walks of life to join her, and how she’d managed to get her hands on a bomb big enough to do that.  I guess when you consider those people were all angel vessels and it was angel-on-angel violence, it all makes sense.”
“Yes ma’am.  If you need a hand in the kitchen, I’m happy to help.”  He smiled at her.  “Not to brag, but I’ve been told I’m a real good cook.”
“We went over this,” Dean reminded.  “This isn’t something I want.  You’re forcing me, and it’s wrong.”
“It’s all a group of very interested women trying to get your attention,” Dean confirmed.  “Apparently, you’re the best that boardroom has to offer.  Having seen some of them now, I’m inclined to agree.  Even when they found out you’re gay, they still tried.  They said no one knew for sure if you were guys only, or maybe bi, so it was worth a try.  There were a couple of ladies in there who wouldn’t even look at me, Cass.  They’re so jealous of me, it’s crazy!”
Dean started out.  The two guards who had been in the living room had moved on, but another was standing at the bottom of the stairs leading up to Chuck’s bedroom.  The man looked up from his cellphone when he saw Dean. “What are you doing down here?”
“Give it back, you idiot!” she shrieked, jumping for the remote.  “If you take that away, I’ll be helpless!”
Castiel gasped and pulled Dean close, crushing the teen against his chest.  Fury bubbled through his veins at the thought of what that monster had done to his Dean.  Castiel wanted to beat him again.  He wanted to drag him out of his hospital bed and line him up next to Jefferson Rooney, gun them both down...
Maybe because Castiel Novak was also the single best thing that had ever happened to him?  Or because, despite everything, Dean was still undeniably in love with the gentle yet badass soldier he’d gotten to know in the cabin?
The familiar warmth spread through his nerves as his processors integrated with the jack.  Numbers and figures whirled around him.  It felt good, but he didn’t want it.  The data was pounding at him when all he wanted was quiet.  He cried out, reached for the jack.
Naomi took another bite and moaned.  “Fantastic.  If the rest of what you can cook tastes like this, Ellen is banned from the kitchen except to clean it.”
Castiel reluctantly pulled out.  He gathered his lover close, nibbled at Dean’s ear. “Will you be alright?”
Castiel smiled.  He crumbled some crackers into his soup and ate silently, watching as Dean flicked through channels before finally settling on a western.  The two ate in silence, Castiel forcing himself to be content to wait until Dean was finished with his soup.  The movie he largely ignored, although Dean seemed enrapt.  By the time the credits rolled, the soup was gone and Castiel knew what he wanted to do.
I kept my eyes on my work, knowing she was trying to give me a view.  “Nope, this one’s primarily an electrical issue. I got it, thanks.”  My optics made it easy to spot electrical problems.  As a result, I’d quickly become the mechanic of choice any time electrical issues were involved.
Dean traced shapes on the table with a finger to avoid meeting Bobby’s eyes.  If he mentioned the “remember the four” thing now, Bobby would want to know where Dean had heard it.  Dean wasn’t ready to answer that yet.  But at least he had an answer to this question.  “It’s the least I can do, right?  I mean, I’m the one who got him captured in the first place.  The least I can do is try to give him his name back!”
Castiel groaned.  “Is that what she did?”  Leave it to Naomi to threaten poor Ellen.  Knowing his sister’s opinion of the laborer, he had no doubt that Naomi would carry out her threat, too.  “Well, for what it’s worth, that’s something, that you’re willing to put up with her to protect someone else.”
That seemed to satisfy Lucifer.  He sat back, one hand on the papers he’d set aside earlier.  “Thank you for being honest with me, Dean.  Your sexuality doesn’t mean anything to me, for the record.  The only thing that matters to me is that Sam is crazy about you.  And Sam?  Sam is something that I have wanted for a long time.”
Castiel’s heart pounded.  He activated Angel Radio, wanting to send a private message to Gabriel for advice, but encountered only static.  Of course.  Angel Radio was as vulnerable as any other form of communication when the towers went down.  He was on his own, in this new, strange, exciting situation, with no way to reach anyone for advice.  Castiel whimpered.
“Then we understand each other.”  Dean reached over to take Cass’s hand.  “I’m not asking you this because I want to use you or anything.”
“I rather figured we did.”  Cass paused.  “When they locked me in?  The reason why is fairly understandable. Singer and another man, I think his name was Benny?  They explained things to me.  I also spoke with Sam.  Apparently, there’s some issue.  You remember the man you told me about, the one in the lace panties?”
Terror twisted Samandriel’s insides, making him want to throw up the foul concoction Ruby had just fed to him. “No,” he lied.
“Listen, Bobby, there’s something I have to talk to you about,” Dean managed when Bobby paused for a breath five minutes later.
“I didn’t include that in the specs, so it’s expected.  No real damage, either, other than to the synthflesh.  But it was a clean cut and should heal with little to no scarring.  Looks like it didn’t hit any major components.  That’s very lucky.”  He kissed my arm and pushed my sleeve back down.  “None the less, we have a serious problem on our hands, Dean.  It’s unlikely that this will be the last attempt to steal me, nor is it likely that we will be able to convince them that I’m not actually a robot.  Even if they do understand my true nature, my presence in this time is a significant anomaly.”  The blue eyes were solemn.  “I can’t stay here.”
The entire conversation was troubling the angel.  Still, he had his orders.  “I’m not going to argue this nonsense with you any longer,” he told the candidate.  “I need to prepare you for what’s going to happen next.”
Cass leaned back against the futon, his brow wrinkled in thought.  “If that’s the case, there should have been fingerprints from the clerk on the gun,” he mused.  “I’m sorry now that I threw it out.  It’s not likely we could find it again, and if we did, the prints are probably ruined.”
Dean had moved to casually block the doorway, keeping Castiel contained to the room. “So we’re all completely, one-hundred percent sure that no one can jack into Samandriel?  If that’s the case, then what could have souped up this diagnostic jack to the point where it could affect Gabe as much as Samandriel could?”
And when you were ordered psychiatric medications, refused and had to be injected, you punched the doctor, dislocating his jaw.”
Lucifer pinched the bridge of his nose.  “Ok, that’s cute how you want to show me up, but can I please inject just a tiny bit of realism here?  When was the last time your people went up against me and came out on top?  Now, don’t get your panties in a twist,” he called, seeing Benny and Dean bristle.  “You guys are good.  A couple of times there, you really gave me a run for my money.  But let’s face it.  If I had been at that raid at your bunker?  You wouldn’t have gotten out, or at least not this many of you.  The smoke was a huge mistake, both tactically and because of the danger to my brother.  And I would have done a proper canvass of the location, made sure there weren’t any back doors.”
“I know you don’t.”  Dean patted his companion’s arm.  “We’ll talk about it, just, you know, not here, ok?”  He rubbed at his chest.  “I still can’t get over that you just carved shielding runes right into my ribs!  That’s awesome and sucks at the same time.  You’re sure angels can’t find me with these?”
Dean grinned and tapped on the ad.  “That’s in the town we’ll be stopping to change buses, isn’t it?  Awesome!  I always wanted a tattoo.”
Moving carefully across the burned floor, Castiel pictured the floor plan and moved to where warped metal springs and a charcoal frame marked the bed.  His weight caused the floor to cave in a few times.  The bedroom was no exception.  Fortunately, the fireproof box was still intact in its hiding place.  Castiel took the entire box and started back towards Baby.
“He’s adopting us both, Dean,” Sammy had told him.  “Luc’s a great guy.  He’s taken real good care of me, and he’ll do the same for you.  You’ll see!”
“I don’t imagine you would!  Look, I know this isn’t ideal, but the fact is, we can help each other.  I’d already planned on having you drive me.  Chances are, I’ll never call you into the boardroom, but having you there is...”
Dean reached over and took his hand.  “Hey, listen to me.  We are not going to let anyone push you too hard, alright?  You work at your own pace, not anyone else’s. We didn’t get your head straightened out this much just to let Angeli Quinque mess it back up, alright?”
“Yes, of course.”  Rooney sat down next to Dean, who was sitting in front of a computer screen.  Ketch hovered somewhere behind them.  Rooney was still pale, and Dean couldn’t hold still.
Dean sighed.  He reached up with his right hand and caressed Castiel’s face.  “I can do this because of you.  I nearly lost my arm!  I thought I would, but your nanites made the difference, Cas.  Your medical technology is the reason I’ve still got both of my arms!  And don’t start about me getting hurt.  I’m your bodyguard.  When I signed up for the job, I knew exactly what I was agreeing to, alright?”  He leaned over Castiel as Castiel pressed a kiss into his palm.  “What do you think is going to happen when we go back?”
“And how, exactly, did they find out who Castiel really is?” Chuck asked, glowering at Roman.  “My son is being held hostage by a radical terrorist group, and that’s bad enough.  Now they know whose son he really is!”
“Program the auction so that only those people saw it,” Dean guessed.  “Wouldn’t that take someone pretty high up?”
So this was the hell he was in now.  I sobbed, fought to stay awake even as the world grew darker and darker. “He’s gone, angel, and I’m sorry! I...”
“Not really.  Cass, he was so paranoid about someone taking me away that any time he couldn’t directly watch me, he’d handcuff me to a bed.  It wasn’t sexual,” he added quickly, seeing Ketch’s brow raise.  “He was just that paranoid.  I mean, he had me in that bunker, locked inside a room, and he was sleeping on the floor right outside, but he still was so scared someone would somehow steal me that he piled furniture in front of the door the last time he had to leave me alone.  He wouldn’t even go into another room to get fresh water when we were cleaning up unless I went with him.”
“You don’t want to hurt me, Castiel,” Dean cautioned.  “You’ve never really hurt me, to be honest.  I mean, you cold-cocked me, and that was a bitch, and left me tied up in a trunk or chained to that stupid...  Whoa, it’s ok!” Dean corrected quickly, seeing the pistol starting to waver in his direction.  “You never really hurt me.  So, you know, no reason to start now, right?”
Castiel’s world ground to a halt.  He thrashed and fought, screaming Dean’s name, kicking, headbutting, and even biting the hands holding him.  Not enough.  He was nearly outside now, being dragged into the lobby.
“Yeah, it’s me,” Dean said.  His voice was soft, his fingers moving as he continued to touch Castiel’s cheek.  “I haven’t left you.  I’m right here.  Come back to me, please?”
Dean’s tongue quickly licked at his lips.  He nodded.  “Yeah, angel.  Whatever... Whatever you want.”
“Not the quarterly reports!” Gabriel squeaked.  “Cassie, you need to get that cleaned up, or print them out again!”
“The thing is, I’ve been looking for something more long-term,” Luc continued.  “I’ve been waiting for a boy old enough to be his own person, but young enough that I could still make a difference in his life.  Someone who needed me.  Someone like you.”
“Listen to them!  They want you so badly,” Dean whispered.  “They’ll even swallow their pride, get down on their knees, and beg for you!  But if I bring you back, they’ll take you again, lock you back in your gilded cage, and you’ll die there.  You’ll fade away until there’s nothing left of that bright, beautiful spirit of yours.  And I won’t let that happen.  I can’t!”
“Lucifer, I was planning to stay in your section tonight,” Alfie said cheerfully, as though nothing of importance had just happened.
“I’m good.”  Dean wanted to know what the game plan was.  It was the only way he could plan his own strategy.
“Don’t let it happen again!” Naomi warned.  “The only reason I’m not pressing right now to have you fired is because you saved my life in that restaurant as well.  But remember your place!”
Bobby shook his head sadly.  “I hear everything you’re saying, Dean, but that boy inside? He doesn’t seem as evil as you claim the other Angels are.”
“No!  But we’re stuck together until he comes back to himself, so he wants me to, well, join the fun, I suppose you’d say.  So I relieve that by playing pornography for him.  I’m not watching it, Dean.  I can partition it off that much.  But I do have to hear him constantly telling me all his thoughts about it, because part of my mind has to support his until he regains control!  And trust me, there have been many, many times that I would have preferred to just watch the movies.  And I guess Gabriel thinks out loud when he’s in overload, because he has made more handlers quit than all the rest of us combined!”
“Yes, I do,” Bobby snapped, glowering at the loudmouth.  “Just like I know that any attempts to collect that ransom would no doubt lead to a one-way trip into the Convicted Laborer Program if you’re lucky.  If you’re not lucky, it’ll lead to a hole in the ground.  Now shut up and listen!  We got some news today.  Charlie?”
“Yeah, sure, knock yourself out.”  Winchester was looking between the toilet and the angel, frowning impatiently.  “Any time, huh?  Or would you rather I undo in a big way all the work you just did to clean me up?”
Castiel rinsed.  He stood back up and Michael attacked his face with a wet soapy cloth. Finished, Michael inspected his work and frowned.  “Castiel, when was the last time someone helped you shave?  This stubble, you’ve practically grown a beard!”
“I beg to differ,” Dean scoffed.  “I can’t think of a single good thing about having to listen to you monologuing at me.”
“He’s right,” Ketch urged.  “Senator, you hired me to take charge of your personal safety.  Let me do my job.  Let the boy help.”
Castiel couldn’t see through his tears.  Dean, who had taught him not to be afraid.  Dean, who had given him more freedom than he’d known since he’d lost Samandriel.  Dean, who had made him feel good about himself, made him feel as if he had value beyond what he could produce in his lab.  Dean, beautiful, sweet, wonderful Dean was down.  Dean was hurt!  Was he...? No.  No, Castiel couldn’t, wouldn’t consider the worst.  He kept fighting, kept screaming for Dean.  Don’t ever give up.  And wait for me.  I’m coming for you.  Dean had said that.  Dean had promised.  He’d come for Castiel.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief.  “I’m about two hours away if I drive non-stop.  And believe me, I’m not stopping.  It’s still got all the angel warding, right?”
“Why do your security guards at a food distribution center have cuffs, Cass?” Dean asked when he was finished.  “The guns I can see, because people get desperate and stupid.  But why cuffs?”
Sam’s eyes grew very wide.  All the blood drained form his face as he looked at his brother in horror.  “Oh shit.  Oh no.  Dean, something DID happen, didn’t it?  Oh, fuck me!  And I had to open my big stupid mouth, and...!”  Sam rapidly shook his head.  “Dean, it’s ok.  You were abused, alright?  I swear, no one is going to think any less of you, least of all me.  You’re still you, no matter what you had to do.  You didn’t have a choice!  He either forced you with your collar, or it’s what you had to do to get him to help you...”
Just make sure she knows she can’t ever wear any of that jewelry anywhere that fucker might see, or he’ll know she was involved.”
Dean expected Cass to be already in bed when he returned to the bedroom, but he wasn’t.  Instead, the ex-soldier was sitting on the edge of the bed, apparently waiting for Dean.  “Dean, can we talk?” Cass asked.
Dean sat up with a gasp.  For a moment, he actually saw the monster from his nightmares, standing over him with a hand on his shoulder.  But a blink later, he realized he was looking at Cass.  The former soldier was standing over him, looking down in concern.  “Cass,” Dean groaned.  “Sorry.  Did I wake you?”
“Exactly.”  Gabe slurped around the lollipop.  “Listen, the way we all came at each other in the beginning was totally wrong.  And I hope you know, what our sister did?  Cassie never wanted that to happen.  A level three shock ideally should never be used.  It’s designed to stop a convicted laborer from doing something unbelievably stupid, like attacking his or her contract owner.  It should never have been used the way Naomi used it.  And I want you to know, on behalf of the better members of my family?  I apologize.”
It seemed odd for the archangel well-named as the Trickster to appear so solemn.  Dean frowned.  “Why do I get the feeling that I won’t like the plan?”
Lucifer tsked.  “Well, if you refuse, then I’ll just have all those demons out there skulking about slowly tear the wings off of your two friends you brought with you.”  He peered into the darkness.  “I think we’re still close enough for you to hear the screams.  What do you say?  Want to test it?”
No.  Don’t go there.  Don’t think about Immanuel now.  Not now, after all that had happened, when he was trapped inside a house with no real way to defend himself if that door should open in the darkness.
They’d nearly drained the tank of their stolen vehicle when Dean finally pulled into a ramshackle building.  The building appeared to be in severe disrepair.  Most of the windows were missing glass.  But the door had a new lock.  Dean knocked a careful series against it.
“Yes!”  Cass spun in a circle.  His expression looked slightly insane.  “But not just the honey.  The produce, Dean!  Look at all of it!  And look, half the shelves are empty.  This is what they’ve been moving since they closed the warehouse!”
“And I’ll probably never see him again.”  Dean’s voice cracked a bit.  He couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Well, Bobby’s made a good start,” she offered.  “I can do my part, as well.  I’m going to officially arrest you, Dean, but only on paper.  I’ve got a friend who’s got a friend who can help us out.  She can pull some strings, get you released on recognizance with the condition that you travel back and stand before a judge for the robbery charge.  I won’t even have to take you in, so long as you stay here.”  She spread her hands.  “I’m afraid that’s the best I can do for you.  Once you get back into your hometown, you’ll have to find a lawyer fast.  Look for one who specializes in criminal law.”
“You use the corrections,” Chuck insisted.  “You know how I feel about beating laborers, Michael, Lucifer.”
“Yeah, they’d hit on us both, but they just went wild for Dean,” Sam recalled with a chuckle.  “I used to say the next time we needed to hunt a gay man, we’d just use him for bait.  He would get so mad!”  He chuckled again.
No answer.  He stared off into space and shivered.  I leaned down closer.  “Cas? Last time, it helped you a lot when I held you, let you lie on my chest.  You said that made you feel safe.  Do you want...?”
The aide rubbed at his arm, frowning.  “No, I’m afraid that part is rather novel.  And I’d prefer my first experience be my last.  That’s why I will certainly follow Mr. Abel’s rules, no matter what I think of the man himself.”  He shot Dean a grin.  “You know you kind of pissed him off with that Mikey thing, right?”
“Tomorrow.  I’ll go on the jack, finish my work on the control framework.  Then I’ll tell you all about it.”
“I don’t know, brother.  But it’s not like you to miss things like that.  You called out me and Luc, but you missed Gabe.”
Strong arms gently slipped around his waist, tightened, and suddenly Castiel was moving, his body sliding along the floor as Winchester drew him out from underneath the desk.  Castiel cried out in alarm, clutched at the arms.
Dean gingerly replaced the peas on his eye.  “You didn’t have to hit me so hard.  You knocked me out cold!”
“Father!”  Naomi looked offended.  “Surely you don’t believe what Cassie said?  Because I assure you, Sam wanted every minute of…”
Ketch ignored this.  He held up his phone.  “I’ve been doing a bit of research, based on what I’ve learned about this angel with Mr. Winchester.  And I believe I’ve found a connection between him, and the angel we really want.”  He put the phone on the table.  “Take a look.”
“Let him go!” Angelo snapped.  “Can’t you see he’s about to shoot you?!  Let the boy go to Novak, or he’ll shoot us all!”
Taking a deep breath, Dean brandished his knife and shoved into the store, making a beeline for the register.  “This is a stick-up!” he yelled, making his voice as deep and rough as he could.  “Give me everything in the register and no one gets hurt.”  He waved his knife threateningly at the clerk.
“...But messing with Roman Enterprises?  That is a hard no.”  Gabriel spread his hands.  “You’ve got Dean for fifteen years, Cassie.  Maybe, in that time, he’ll come to trust you enough to tell the truth.  But unless and until that happens?  I’m sorry.  We are officially at a dead end.”  He smiled at Castiel.  “That doesn’t mean you can’t enjoy the here and now!  Honestly, what does the past even matter?  Who cares how his contract came up for auction?  The point is, it did.  And you bought it.  And he’s yours, for the next fifteen years.”
“It was my fault,” Cass insisted.  “I should have gone with my instincts and brought us all straight here, all four of us.  I could have protected everyone then.  I don’t know what I was thinking.  I can’t protect you unless you’re with me.  That’s why I can’t let you go, Dean.”
“We will, of course, give you a discount as required by law.”  Her eyes were cold now.  “But our management would like to reiterate that you should really sit in the veterans’ section.  I’d like to encourage you to do so.”
There was a knock on the door, and Bobby grimaced.  “If that’s who I think it is, your job just got a lot easier, and mine a lot harder.”
“Good on both counts.  This is going to be a lot easier if he’s not trying to run straight into Michael’s arms.”
Bobby, it seemed, had been right in questioning the wisdom of not paying attention when the angel had told Dean his name.  Names had a lot of power, especially for angels.  By marking someone with their name, an angel formed a lasting bond with that person.  It was, in fact, precisely what was scarred into a candidate’s arm when they were first registered.  That was why only a small percentage of people who came to be registered ended up accepted and marked as candidates.  Not everyone could be an angel vessel.  Those who could were basically branded with the name of the angel who would be responsible for collecting him or her in the event that candidate was chosen.
The pistol fell, Castiel’s fingers suddenly going nerveless.  Grabbing Dean, he crushed the teen to his chest. Castiel buried his face in the crook of Dean’s neck, breathing him in.  Dean, it was Dean, he was really here.  But not for long, not if Jefferson Rooney got his way.  “He wants you,” he snarled.  “That monster!  What he did to me wasn’t enough.  Now he wants you, too?”
Uh oh.  My scarf must have fallen over my pin again.  I adjusted it, making sure the driver got a look at my black-out backing. “Yes, sir.  I was in the army, special forces.  But it’s alright, I’m blacked out.”  I braced, ready to get out of the car without a fuss if he took issue.
“You’re right.  You really don’t.”  Castiel forced himself to smile at Dean.  “I’m glad you’re here.  I’ll do what I can to make sure your sentence is an easy one, and that you leave my service ready to rejoin society.”
Castiel did his best to sink into his chair and disappear.  “Um, they should be delivered sometime tomorrow, I think?”
Dean didn’t say anything as they left Gabriel’s section.  Castiel walked quietly next to him, considering.  Dean was upset.  As a friend, Castiel knew he should say something, try to comfort Dean in some way.  Unfortunately, he had no idea what to say.  His brother was dead, and apparently, that was at least partially Gabriel’s fault.  Castiel’s head was still reeling over the revelation.  What was the etiquette on that?
“You want to leave me.”  Castiel’s voice was flat.  “This is a letter of resignation from your current post.  You want to be reassigned away from me.  You don’t want to take care of me anymore.”
Dean groaned, his concern immediately shifting to irritation.  “I hope you have waders, Cass, because it’s definitely an election year.  Who do these guys think they’re kidding, anyway?  This asshole doesn’t know me, or Sam, or anything about our family, yet he’s trying to use us to score votes!  Fucking politicians.  If he really cared about us, he’d...”
Winchester shook his head.  “I won’t tell if you won’t.  Listen, it’s pretty clear this is a heavy burden on your shoulders.  You might feel better if you get it off your chest?”
This seemed to amuse Cass.  “She, then.  She was the first car my father outright owned.  He was the original owner, and she passed to me when I got my license.”
Castiel frowned, absently letting Winchester pull on his other boot.  “Are you sure?  Because a lot of those people who stop and stare at me don’t really seem like they’re feeling blessed, Winchester.”
“Executives,” Benny spat.  “They’re all a bunch of greedy bastards, and think everyone else is just as greedy as they are!  Er, no offense,” he added, his eyes moving to Gabriel in the rearview mirror.
What if they actually discussed things?  What if Castiel finally, finally got answers to his questions?
Sam rolled his eyes.  “Come on, Dean.  I’m your brother!  I’ve seen the way you look at both men and women.  I’ve known you were bisexual since we were kids.  And I know why you’ve never let yourself fall for a man.”  His eyes grew soft.  “I know what dad did to you.  I know how he beat you after you told him about you and Immanuel.  I was just too scared to do anything.  It’s something I have never forgiven myself for, that I couldn’t find the strength to let you out of that closet.  You never really came out since then, did you?  You went crazy on Immanuel and completely ignored that side of yourself ever since.”
The other man was holding a kleenex to a bloody nose.  “Cassie, did you really have to send that thug along to pick us up?” the man asked Castiel when he came in.  “The first thing he did was go after Luci.  Then, once they got him to agree to stop fighting Luc, he punched me in the face!”
Naomi groaned.  “Angel Michael, this imbecile has no idea what he’s talking about! While his work will no doubt be well below what is expected, Angel Castiel can still...”
“Oh perfect!”  Naomi threw up her hands.  “Not only did you buy a violent criminal, you bought the worst of the worst, with a maximum sentence!  That’s perfect, Cass.  How could you bring that demon into our home without ensuring adequate protection for your family?!”
Castiel stopped by the bathroom, washed up a bit, gave his teeth a cursory scrubbing, and headed out.  He nodded sleepily at Dean, who’d been waiting his turn for the bathroom.  Then he walked into the guest room.  He was pleased to see that their bags were already there.  Tossing his dirty clothes into a pile, Castiel changed into a clean set of boxers and moved to the bed.  He’d pulled down the covers and was just about to climb in when Dean appeared in the doorway.
“We should disguise her, just to be sure,” Luc said.  “That red hair stands out like a sore thumb.  What would you say to being a blonde?”
Sam nodded.  “Yes, very clearly.  We even had Charlie search for him when she joined us, but we never found him.  Why?  What does he have to do with Novak?”
For some reason, Dean stared hard at the items in the hall from Castiel’s barricade before turning sad eyes to Castiel.  But he didn’t say anything.  Castiel put his arm around the teen’s shoulders and headed to the kitchen.  “What do you want for lunch?” he asked.  “This kitchen’s fully stocked, even perishables.  Rufus must have really decked out the place before we came here.  Sure comes in handy.”
“You can’t shock me,” Dean said.  He was proud that his voice didn’t tremble.  “Even if you could hit me with that highest level while touching me?  You’d only shock yourself.  And your dad is looking at the records now.  He’ll know what you did to me, he’ll see!  Just leave me alone.”
“Hey, forget it,” Dean soothed.  “Let’s just get in the car and get to wherever we’re going, alright?  We got a lot to talk about.”
Lenny was right.  The Explorer was a piece of shit.  But at least the work kept me busy.  I kept on it until Bobby showed up to bring me in for supper and my co-workers went home for the night.  “He’s fine,” Bobby told me before I could ask.  “And he already ate.  He doesn’t have much of an appetite, but he did well enough.  I got as much as I could into him, helped him wash up a little, and had him lie back down.  Now you sit and eat, too.”
Dean nodded.  His eyes were on his hands, which he’d clasped together on his lap.  A tiny bubble was slowly traveling its way through his IV tubing.  Dean focused on it, waiting for whatever Ketch was going to ask him.
“I did a little research on your Sam there,” Roman began.  “Easy enough to do, once his collar was scanned into the system.  You seriously bought him from an outskirts auction?”
Sam raised his hands in surrender.  “I’m not going to apologize for trying to save you, Dean.  The way I went about it was not really well thought out...”
“Oh, I think ten percent is a nice round number, don’t you think?”  Jacobs’s voice was dripping with greed.  He leaned down over Charlie, watching the monitor.  “Ten percent of everything that bastard Roman put together would set me up for life!  Just set everything up so I get ten percent of each outgoing transfer from the company funds.  And no tricks!”
Ketch shook his head.  “He wouldn’t have been able to make those changes to my orders at Rooney’s home because I never trusted the bastard enough to give him that level of access.  Nicholas may or may not be directly tied to all this.  My instincts tell me he is, but I can’t prove it.  I need you for that.  And in the meantime, I need all the help I can get to find out who the real mastermind is, because if he’s involved?  Then someone else is pulling Nicholas’s strings.  I find out who, and I can take down the entire operation.”  He looked hard at Dean.  “Can I count on you?”
“Ok, Gabe could not have cut that any closer, but I’ll admit I did not see that coming,” Dean grumbled.  “I was expecting an epic Angel fight, going all battlebots over the jacks!  Instead, I got assaulted by the worst jokes I’ve ever heard and had to see a six-foot-one badass start blubbering like a baby!”
“Too late.”  The Trickster’s free hand lowered.  Something jumped up into it.  Dean blinked, seeing Angel’s trench coat in the Trickster’s hand.  “This is mine,” he announced.  “I’ll be leaving now.”
For the first time, Castiel saw Dean’s control waver.  He looked away and swallowed hard.  Good.  Castiel nodded.  “Pay attention to where we’re going.  It’s best you start learning the route.”
Dean barely had a chance to obey the command before Cass was yanking him to his feet.  Dean hissed through the pain.  He had to walk on tiptoe just to keep his shoulders from being wrenched again.  The tight hold left no room for struggling.  Cass forced him back into the cabin, but this time, he shoved Dean down onto his knees, leaning into the teen until Dean’s upper body was pressed into the futon.  Cass's body pressed down, heavy on top of him.  No.  Dean’s heart pounded.  “Wait!  Hold on, what are you doing?  Stop!”
Lucifer brightened.  “What?  You do? Great!  That’s great, Winchester!  It’s such a relief to hear that!  Any bodyguard could take care of him, naturally, but he doesn’t do well with changes in his personnel.  You’re one of my few gold pin veterans, and your brother was probably the best damned bodyguard this company has ever hired!  I’m really glad you want to stay with Cas!”
Almost immediately, her register started alarming. Her eyes widened, then narrowed. “Stupid piece of junk!  That’s the third time it’s acted up this week. Here, let’s go to the other register and I’ll just enter your total.”
“Well, I wrote down everything you said while you were recovering.”  Bobby dug into his pocket and tossed Sam a notebook.   “Take a look, kid.  See if anything feels real.”
“Let him,” Bobby declared.  “God knows he’s thrown enough fits in the time I’ve known the bastard, one more won’t hurt.”
The smile was replaced by a frown.  “Yes, that was an option, but one I’d rejected.  You were in no danger with me.  I was protecting you.”
Cass had the good grace to look ashamed.  “I want you to know that I’m sorry any of it happened.  I didn’t buy you for that.”
Dean sighed again.  “Ok.  Let me spell this out for you.  This, you know, guy on guy?  I’ve never done it before.  I don’t know what you like.  I’ll do whatever you want.  But you gotta use your words, ok?  Either that, or, I dunno, show me what to do?”
Dean stayed where he was, staring at the engine of the car without seeing it.  So Cass wasn’t willing to share. That was interesting.  It wouldn’t do him much good the next time Naomi came after him, but at least it gave him some leverage, however slight.  He wasn’t surprised to hear Cass announce his ownership, though.  It was obvious now that Cass wanted Dean to himself.  Fine.  He could learn to live with that.
Meanwhile, Castiel had stepped out of the room for no more than a few seconds before coming back, perfectly composed and fully dressed, trench coat and all.  Castiel moved to take a seat on the ottoman facing Dean.  “Dean?” he began, “I’m sorry about this.  I’ve fought for my free will, and now I just took yours away.  That was never my plan.  It had been my hope that you would come to understand.  I had planned to talk to you some more, convince you to come with me willingly.  But things changed.”
They the first words Ash, who had arrived shortly after Dean, had said all morning, and it caused every eye to turn to him.  The mulleted loner shifted, uncomfortable with the attention.  “I used to work for the angels, in data collection,” he explained.  “I know their systems, at least the ones they have here on Earth, because I helped build ‘em. If anyone would know what signs to watch for, then they’d be the ones.  And the systems I designed are good enough to track ‘em.  Dude, I can do this.”
“I mean I’m sorry I put up a fight.”  Dean had emptied the can and was checking the level, avoiding looking at Castiel.  “She just caught me off-guard, I guess.  I didn’t expect her to…”  He shook his head.  “I just didn’t expect that.  Next time, I’ll do better.”
“It was a resistance group called the Demons,” Lucifer informed us. “They’re real pains in my ass on a good day, but usually they stick to blowing up buildings and knocking down com towers.  This is the first time I’m aware of that they tried to grab an Angel!”
Dean had done exactly that.  Lucifer had been as unprepared as Castiel.  Dean’s blow sent him flying into the wall.  The Angel’s glowing red eyes went wide as he slid down, landing in a sprawl on one hip, staring up at Dean.
Bobby rounded on Dean.  “You were what?!” he hissed.  “Kid, Castiel has PTSD!  You can’t be screaming around him, especially not this soon after he got out of the hospital!  What were you thinking?”
“Correct.  And of course, I’ll refer to you as ‘Sam.’  I should call you that anyway, to make sure I don’t make a mistake in public.”
Luc’s jaw shifted.  He gave a small smile.  “Fair enough.  I guess we’ll just see how things go.  Meanwhile, we can have some fun, right?  You want to play some video games again after supper, or watch a movie?”
“How the hell does something like that even happen?  Bad enough to lose Angel Castiel, but to lose Angel Samandriel, too?  Anyway, that’s not the point.  The point is...”
I licked my lips and took a deep breath.  “Please.  I only want to talk to you.  I have no right to ask it, but I can’t just let things lie like this between us. Talk to me, and if you want me to leave you alone, never speak to you again, then I’ll do it.  Will you give me that much?”
“And then we’re going to have a little chat, Winchester.”  Lucifer had narrowed his eyes, the Angel’s voice leaving no room for argument.
I finally realized that Cas was right.  I could see our breaths in little puffs. The air wasn’t below freezing, but it was certainly too cold for comfort.  I frowned.  “Ok, why is it so cold in here?  I mean, we had the door open for a bit, but the heat’s turned way down!  Wait,” I called, looking at what we were lying on. “Why is the dust cover on the bed? What the hell?”
Talk about a mood killer.  Dean lifted his head, looking in confusion at Cass.  “What’s wrong?  Cass, no one is going to interrupt us!  And I’ve been waiting.”
“Angel Michael, surely you agree that, tense or not, it’s far safer to keep Angel Castiel surrounded by handlers than a single inexperienced bodyguard!”
Dean brushed aside the immediate pain that lanced through him at the thought of Cass being taken away, focusing on the rest of Rooney’s statement.  “There’s a place that specializes in that?” Dean asked, incredulous.  “This shit happens so often there’s a place for it?”
Meanwhile, Bobby and Lenny were struggling to free the ATV.  It had sunk into the mud.  I came over, jerked it loose, and dragged it back to the road. Then I turned to Lenny.  “Let me explain something to you.  If Cas has any lasting issues from you pushing him off your bike and making him walk through that frozen field?  You and I are going to tango!”
“Because people will stare at me!” Castiel blurted.  “My plate is bad enough, but I just got off the jack!  My eyes, my skin...!”
“Do you?  Dick Roman hid your entire family.  You all work for him.  You’ve got plenty of reason to be loyal to him.  You just happened to stumble over an auction your boss probably closed.  You just happened to bring my brother right to Roman himself, which let him know he had the wrong guy and put up a bounty on me under Dean’s name.  Now you’re telling me that you own the place I was looking into when I was attacked, which conveniently means you can help me go right back there.”
“Why didn’t we adopt any girls?  I’m constantly surrounded by men, is it any wonder I have little or no maternal instincts?”
“And then took Cas and left.  If he really wanted to hurt you, Luc, you know perfectly well he could have done so!”
“The one thing that can fuck up everything is Castiel.”  Rufus slapped a hand on the table.  “If there’s a real investigation, and any one of those bastards that nabbed him gets caught?  All it would take is to let Castiel ID him and the whole house of cards comes crashing down.  As long as Castiel Novak is alive, as long as he’s capable of telling his story?  Jefferson Rooney’s got a serious liability.  Is it any wonder someone wants him dead?”
I know this twenty-four hour dive not far from here that makes the best bacon double cheeseburgers in the state.”
He shrugged.  “I drove his truck.  I’m an engineer, Dean, I could figure out the basics of driving a truck.”
“Stockholm Syndrome,” the other waitress, an older woman Dean would have expected to have more sense, announced.  “Poor boy!  But just wait.  The angels will come for you soon.”
He got a punch in the face for his pains.  “I do think you’re going to do that.” Another punch in the gut.  “Or it’s going to get a lot worse for you, and your poor wheelchair-riding boss.  Do you understand that?”
“Yes, but not bad.”  Ketch quickly rolled back, moving with Nicholas into the doorway of another room.  “This is Ketch,” he said into his radio.  “We’ve got Novak.  Find Turner and Winchester.”
“Don’t.  This baby’s still got some promise.”  I walked over, climbed into the rusty black Impala, and started it.  It started right up.
To Dean’s surprise, Castiel’s face fell.  He gently pulled his hand free.  “Dean,” he began, “I can’t leave.  I’m not well.  You know that better than anyone.  I need to stay here and get well again.”
“I’ve been complimented on my good hands by a few dates.”  Dean paused.  “Wait, I gotta massage those misogynistic bastards?!”
“Yeah he is.”  Dean stretched out on his blankets and got as comfortable as a guy could on a hardwood floor.
Despite my concerns, the actual announcement went off very well.  We flanked the Angels, me on one end with Gabe, and Dean conveniently located on the other next to Cas, ready to grab the broken Angel if he started to wander off.  I saw his hand shoot out and catch hold of Cas twice during Naomi’s announcement and once more during Michael’s follow-up speech.  It made my heart ache that my quiet, studious, fussy Angel couldn’t even keep his focus long enough to hold still during a press conference. Still, in spite of everything, I was glad Dean was there.  He was, I’d come to realize, the perfect bodyguard for Cas.  Dean always was at his best when someone really needed him. I’d benefited from that as a kid, when Dean would go above and beyond to keep me fed, clothed, sheltered and protected. Now Cas was feeling the full force of the care my brother could provide.  Thank God.  Whatever else Dean was, he was one hell of a bodyguard.  His eyes scanned the crowd for any sign of danger, yet he responded the instant Cas tried to stir from his chair.  If it was anyone else but Dean, I would have felt inadequate in comparison. But that was just Dean’s way.  Six years in the military had hardened him, but he was still so gentle.  He kept Cas safely in his chair without upsetting him at all.
“Congrats, then,” Azazel said.  “I know you’ve been looking for a while.”  He paused.  “So, we’re definitely changing the plan?”
“This cannot stand!” Gabe yelled, shaking a fist at the ceiling.  “That’s it.  C’mere, big man, I’m screwing your brains out!  If I cannot outfuck my little brother, then I cannot call myself a man!”
Dean suddenly realized the precariousness of his situation.  He swallowed hard.  “Um, hey, it’s getting kind of late.  How about I go find a place to sleep, and we can discuss this in the morning?”
“It’s bad,” Raphael said softly.  “Winchester fought hard against overwhelming odds, and suffered for it.  Along with the wound to his arm, he was also stabbed, struck, and suffered a ruptured spleen.  Blood loss, shock, the physical trauma, infection?  He’s in bad shape.  They’re working on him now and they’re optimistic that they can save his life. But his arm is...”  He shook his head.  “The damage is just too much.  It’s damaged down through the bone, severe muscle, tissue and nerve damage.  He’s going to lose it, Castiel, as soon as he’s stable enough for the surgery.”
Uriel nodded.  “That means we’ve been manipulated.  All of us.  The gold level angels have been playing with our minds for years, wiping our memories, controlling us.  It means everything we believe we stand for is a lie!  That’s why I joined, and it’s why other angels will join too.  All we need is someone to convince them.”
Naomi was frowning at the screen.  “Look at these numbers!  Something is definitely off.  Show me a comparison with the scans we did prior to his going to the cabin? Yes, I suspected as much.  Spikes seven, nine, and twelve are significantly decreased.  No wonder he wants to chitchat with the other Angels instead of work!  We need to correct this at once.  Level four, please.”
Realization hit him like a bucket of ice water to the face.  With a gasp, Dean pushed the angel away, stumbling backwards to nearly fall into the wall.  One hand was still out, warding Cass off (and NOT trying to reach out for the angel again), the other clung to the solid brick wall.  His head was spinning.
Dean clung tightly to Cass’s neck, face buried in the dark hair.  He let himself be carried out, swollen, bleary eyes vaguely registering the familiar gleam of black metal as they approached the car.
“There’s a couple countries with rebellions right now,” Luc corrected.  “Most of them are power plays, one powerful group fighting against another.  But Huis is the only one where we really don’t know what’s happening inside.”
“Of course, Master Castiel.”  Dean’s lips curled into a smile.  “Anything you want.  Anything at all.  I won’t give you any trouble, I promise.”
Castiel blurted out the entire story to Dean in his office.  He told the laborer everything, how hurt he’d been when Dean had attacked him, how his father had uprooted their family and, with Roman’s help, turned them into something new.  Chuck had chosen angel names for all of his children.  He’d gotten them surgery to disguise their appearance.  He’d sold his stake in the shock collar business to Roman and reinvested the money in other interests.  But the family had never stopped working for Roman Enterprises.  Castiel’s siblings were all on the board, while Castiel himself was the executive officer in charge of transport.
“Stop, Cass,” Dean repeated.  “Just stop.  Go back to your boardroom and do your executive thing.  Do I have to come, too?”
“You have the primary interface band,” he explained, indicating Dean’s wristband.  “That means that if Project Samandriel works, it will primarily work for you.  It will only work for me if I’m in close proximity with you, no more than ten feet.”
“In this case, terminal velocity simply means the speed at which the resistance of the medium a falling object is falling through, in this case air, prevents further acceleration,” Castiel explained. “In other words, it’s the fastest something can fall.  It doesn’t mean a fatal plane crash.”
“Awesome!”  The smile was nearly splitting Dean’s face, but it somehow grew wider when Cass gave him a tentative smile in return.  “Now how about we call it a night?  We can talk more tomorrow, ok?”
The door was suddenly slammed in his face.  “Around the corner!” she yelled, muffled through the door.  “Use the hose by the garden shed!”
Carefully crawling under the trench coat, Dean closed his eyes.  Angel was a warm comfort against his side, helping him fall into a troubled sleep.
“Cass said something about him being driven out,” Dean remembered.  “He said he was being flushed out of all his usual hiding places, cut off from all his sources of help.  You think someone was driving him towards that bunker?”
“You’re dismissed.”  Castiel stormed past Dean, marched into the house, and went straight to his bedroom. There, he threw himself face first onto his bed and buried his face in the pillow.
“Come on, you git!” Crowley growled.  He grabbed Dean by the arm and jerked him out of the car.  “Nothing but trouble, you are.”
“Are you sure?” Michael asked anxiously.  “Dean, once you step off that elevator, you won’t be able to get out! And if something happens, we won’t see it on the cameras!”
Castiel had a million questions, but Bartholomew clearly had time for none of them.  He headed out, slapping a hand on the panel outside the doorway. Immediately, the secure metal barrier slid shut.
“That Rooney somehow knew what happened, even with the details hadn’t been released, and...”  Dean suddenly closed his mouth with a snap, feeling sick to his stomach as he realized what he’d just done.  Cass’s story was that Dean had released him shortly after the carjacking.  How could Dean explain where his knowledge of Cass’s history with Rooney had come from?
“Angels, no,” the angel explained.  “We have no physical bodies, Dean.  That’s why we need vessels.  You humans already have physical bodies.  Your names aren’t as connected to your true beings as ours are.”
Azazel spread his hands.  “As I mentioned, the offer is negotiable.  Mr. Nicholas simply wants a family.  He’s got excellent resources to bring Sam up well, far better than you ever could.  Are you really going to stand in the way of your brother’s future for your own selfish reasons?”
That only increased Dean’s opinion of Cass.  Now that he’d admitted he had a thing for the guy, it seemed like every new detail he learned only made him want Cass more.  The brave, noble, skilled and unmistakably badass soldier had long eclipsed the crazy sex cuff-toting lunatic that Dean had first known.
“I don’t think he would,” Dean said slowly.  He shook his head.  “No.  He wouldn’t.  I don’t know what he was going to do, but I don’t believe he was going to give me to Michael.  And if the demons hadn’t jumped us, if he hadn’t stayed behind to fight them?”
“Everything I know about my brother.  And it doesn’t really tell me anything,” Dean confessed. “Sammy found something.  The last contact I had with him, he was real weird. He said he’d stumbled over something, and that he’d left something behind for me.  But I never found out what it was.  I never talked to him again.  The next day, he got sent out on that mission to recover some stolen data, and two days later, I got the call he’d been killed in action.”
That earned him a nod.  The candidate went still and quiet again, back in that posture of listening.  The angel licked his lips, finding them a bit dry.  “The rogue was a silver ranked angel, the captain of her garrison.  She served under the Archangel Lucifer.  Yes,” he continued, seeing his companion’s eyes widen, “the archangel your brother serves.”
“Just keep him together and both of you keep your heads down,” Bobby warned.  “Rufus?  Might be time to hit the bunker.”
“Yeah, I know.”  Dean pressed a kiss to the back of his neck.  “That’s why I can’t do it from inside Heaven, or through anything that goes through Angeli Quinque.  I’m going to have to take a bit of a sabbatical.”
“There’s only one place Sammy would have gone,” Dean announced.  “And that’s back to where all this started.  The distribution center he was checking out when he was caught.”
“Yeah, there’s a few in that family who I’d love to dump in a heap outside the dome,” Dean grumbled.  “But they’re not all bad.  Chuck Novak’s actually pretty decent.  Cass’s younger brother Gabe?  Eh, who knows about that guy, but he’s never intentionally tried to hurt me, and I think he’s actually tried to help.  And Cass?  I trust Cass completely.”
Cas nodded.  “Project Samandriel still exists, outside of this timeline.  It’s creating a disturbance in time itself, one that I can lock onto with the correct frequency.  With a powerful transmitter, I could link up with it, use it to bring us back to the right time.”
Dean really couldn’t argue with that.  “Ok, I guess you kind of had to do something, but you took it a little far.”
“But Dean, there are so many interesting things to listen to,” Castiel protested, fingers already on the dials.
“You can get out,” Dean realized.  He started to back towards the door.  “You could have gotten out all along, couldn’t you?  But you stayed, because...”
At least Sheriff Mills didn’t immediately try to slap the cuffs on Dean, as he’d half-expected she would.  In fact, she listened attentively, asking questions and taking notes as she went.  When Bobby finished, she shook her head and made a tsking sound at Dean.  “Young man, you are in a whole world of trouble.”
Gabriel groaned.  “Ok, I can’t let this happen.”  He held out a hand.  “Give it over, Luc.  Dean’s the one who needs to decide if he wants this or not!”
No.  Don’t think about Bobby now.  Bobby himself had been quick to say that it was pointless to dwell on the past when you had plenty to deal with right in front of your eyes.  And what was right in front of his eyes right now brought more peace to his shattered mind than anything the staff at the military hospital had given him.
“That’s right.  Like I said, I have a place for you in the organization, if you want it.  You’d come out of any one of those schools with enough basic training that I could start you off as a guard here.  Once you had experience, I could move you onto bigger assignments.  I think you’d make a hell of a bodyguard, Dean, or even an operative, especially with your brother working as your support.”
“Because I’m fairly sure you won’t.”  Gabe’s champagne-colored eyes seemed to study him.  “Dean, I know you don’t trust me, and you’ve got good reason not to.  But no one knows my brother Michael better than I do.  I know what I’m doing.  Here.”  He passed over a key.  “I’m putting you up in room 307.  Why don’t you go get some rest?  You look like you could use it.”
“Yes, it really is,” Charlie said.  Her voice sounded strange.  She had Dean by the arm and was tugging on him.  “Dean, we should let Castiel rest.  He’s had a rough day and we did wake him up.”
I had no idea what to think of Charlie.  I could tell nothing from her hologram about what she was really like, but it was clear her mind was very sharp.  Unfortunately, she was completely unprepared for my brother.  The moment a jack was in his plate, Gabriel started hacking her system, and a moment later, his hologram joined hers.  Her wails of dismay alarmed all three of the Hunters in the room, who immediately swore and pointedly looked away from Gabriel’s avatar.  Jo was actually hiding her face in my shoulder. I groaned and irritably shook her off. “Gabriel?  What are you doing?!”
“Can it wait?” Castiel grumbled, rubbing his temples.  He was still furious and had a headache.  While Chuck was more than willing to talk to some of his contacts about Crowley, over and over, his father had refused to believe that Michael and Lucifer may have attacked Ellen.  Chuck had known that his eldest sons had sadistic streaks, but to go that far?  He hadn’t been able to even consider the possibility.  As a result, Castiel had finally gone out, heartsick and frustrated.  “It’s already been a bad day, Gabriel.  Frankly, if one more thing goes wrong, I may commit ritual suicide.”
The brothers waited quietly together in the garden shed, Gabriel offering what comfort he could.  Finally, the door opened.  “It’s all over,” Chuck said.  “She’s gone.”
Castiel twisted his arm, trying to loosen the furious Angel’s grip.  “Lucifer, if she didn’t even know I was there, she couldn’t possibly have realized I’d gotten into the elevator!  If I...  Ow! Stop!”
“No, but along with helping us understand Dean a little more?  It’s a warning.  Dean can’t ever learn who we really are.  Because the day he attacked you was the day after his mother was beaten to death by the man who’d bought her contract.”
The glare Dean shot him could have peeled paint.  “Fine!” he spat.  “Just hurry up and let me go.  This stupid thing is hurting my wrist.”
I got in Baby and headed back.  The inside of the Impala was now stifling, but at least Cas was feeling better.  His plate was warm now when I touched it. His feet were cherry red, but didn’t appear to be frostbitten.  He was slumped in the seat, looking depressed.  “I’m sorry, Dean,” he said.
Much to Dean’s relief, the meeting was indeed about moving Naomi’s labor camps to start a new project.  Unlike the last time Dean was here, which consisted of various executives bragging about how awesome their individual projects were doing, this meeting was a working one.  Everyone had a laptop open at the table and an earpiece in his or her ear.  Orders were being quietly given via phone.  Executive laborers scurried about, running errands, carrying papers to be signed in and out of the room, and whispering to their executives.  It was organized chaos.  And Naomi Novak was the center of attention.
The multicolored angel glowed and twinkled softly on the side of the Heaven building as they came back.  “I like Christmas,” Castiel announced.
I had no idea what a “Prof” was.  I imagined it was some sort of salvage buyer or pawn broker, if they really thought I was a robot and they could sell me.  But it seemed clear they had no intention of letting me go. Fine.  I let loose with a series of kicks, destroying the seat in front of me, the back of the seat I was in, the panel, and the window.  The result was a loud argument about the merits of using the taser on me again, followed by a dog pile where they dragged me out of the seat, threw me onto the floor, and dove on top of me.  I gave them one hell of a time.  By the time Barney pulled over and turned off the SUV, he was driving a vehicle with a badly damaged interior and three sore, sorry douchebags.
“Wish we could help you, Dean,” Rufus sighed, “but I’m afraid there’s only so much we can do.  Especially when we’re going to be busy making sure Novak here stays breathing.”
“Good to know.”  Gabe clapped him on the back.  Dean hadn’t been expecting it and nearly fell. “Don’t worry, Sammy.  Like I said, Cassie’s shy.  What happened today probably drove him a little deeper into his shell.  It’s going to take time.  Get to know one another, and who knows?  You might be good for each other.  But one thing I can tell you for sure.  Don’t hurt my brother, and he won’t hurt you.  Capiche?”
There was something wrong with what Bobby had said, but Castiel couldn’t quite put his finger on it just yet.  Part of him was still anxious, wanting to check every corner, fearful that this was just a dream and he was really back at the compound.
“You went completely out on us!” Dean exclaimed.  The teen was anxiously shifting his weight from one foot to another, looking like he wanted to shove Bobby out of the way and get his hands on Castiel again.  “I was screwing around with Rufus when you whispered something and we realized you’d just suddenly gone all stiff, your face was white...”
“Because we are after two angels here, not just one.  This angel has an accomplice, a partner in this kidnapping. Besides, I don’t trust that this mechanic is going to be able to pull off his part of things.  This pads my bet.”
“Stay back!” Dean warned.  “You son of a bitch, you think I’m going to let you try that shit again?”
The candidate leaned back, holding up his hands.  “Ok.  I deserved that.  This is obviously kind of a fresh wound for you, and I shouldn’t have cracked jokes about it.  But I’d still like to know.”
Dean looked as disappointed as we all felt.  I saw him smile at Cas, stand back up, and move back to his place, putting a hand on our brother’s shoulder.  Cas reached up and clung to it, his eyes fixed on the floor.
“But I don’t!”  Dean closed the gap between them, kissing Castiel.  He left his hand on the side of Castiel’s face, the pads of his fingers touching the titanium plate and his thumb lightly stroking Castiel’s cheekbone.  It always made Castiel shiver.  No one had ever touched him so intimately on the one part of him that clearly identified him as something other than human, but to Dean, the gesture seemed as natural as breathing.  “If I’m right there in Purgatory with my friends?” Dean was saying, bringing Castiel back to the present.  “Then the Hunters can work on both of our problems!  And honestly, I think it’s probably the only way I’m going to make any real progress on Sammy anyway.”  He paused. “Cas, I think Gabe’s been blocking me.”
I stared, flabbergasted, after Dean as he headed out the door.  Then I quickly excused myself and started after him.
“No one but me!  Because you did it, angel.  You gave me this wristband, told everyone it was a prototype tracking device disguised as a smartwatch so I could track you.  You’re wearing one just like it!”  I carefully shifted my hand on Castiel’s wrist, showing the matching wristband without letting him pull free.  “It pissed me off at first, because you didn’t ask me before you locked it on me or tell me what it really was.  But once you explained it, I got it!  And Project Samandriel worked!  You did it, Cas!  You really did it!”
“Have us breed more vessels for you to take,” Winchester said bitterly.  “I’m fully aware that you guys encourage that!  When you showed up, I pretty much gave up.  Alcohol, drugs, sex, all I wanted was to drown myself.  And that last part, for sure, you most certainly encouraged.  Your human candidate handlers were at my door the next day, ready to take ‘samples’ for ‘banking’ and start the lottery.  A lottery, for fuck’s sake!  Women who’d signed up specifically for the purpose of procreating with a chosen candidate.  Every night, they were sending an eligible, fertile and eager woman to me.  Didn’t matter what else I did, so long as I was with them first.  Sammy refused, but me?  I just didn’t care anymore.  Then, when I was done with the woman they sent, I had more waiting who’d come out to find me on their own.  Even men wanted to be with me, because there was such a frenzy about me being chosen.  No matter how bad I got, I had two or three partners at least, lined up for me every night.  Because you encourage it!  Hell, you even wait for female candidates who get pregnant to have their babies before you take them, because you want candidates to make babies.  More bodies you can wear while you shove the humans inside into a corner of their own minds to break.  Frankly, I’m ashamed of myself, that I gave in and did it when I should have been fighting from the start!”  Dean threw an arm out towards the horizon.  “Somewhere out there, I probably have kids waiting to be born, just so you can get them breeding more candidates to shove more angels into.  That’s what you’re expecting me to rejoice about?  Why the hell would I rejoice?  The moment Michael takes me, I’m worse than dead, and any kids I made this past month could be someday facing the same bullshit!”
Cass and Dean exchanged a look.  Dean quietly headed for the liquor cabinet.  “It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Cass managed.  “But I have to admit, I’m surprised.  What happened to Evaluator Kendra?”
Dean eyed him, trembling as he stood behind the sofa.  His body was tense, ready for fight or flight.  Without taking his eyes off of Castiel, he dragged his sleeve over his mouth.  The action spoke volumes.
Jeff’s face forced itself into an expression of disinterest as he got up and returned with a familiar set of keys.  “It’s in the garage,” he said.
“We needed a mechanic, father,” Castiel tried to explain.  “I’d been keeping an eye out for one since Dave’s contract ran out and I had to let him go.  I’ll admit I hadn’t planned to buy Sam...”
Ever heard of the Milgram Experiments?  I had them in mind while writing this story.  For those who may not be aware, these videos explain them very well.
Michael grew silent.  Lucifer immediately grimaced and reached for his hand.  “I’m sorry,” he said humbly.  “I know it’s not your fault.”
It was a bluff, of course.  One look at Gabriel’s face and I saw the flash of guilt.  No one with as much empathy as he had could actually hurt Charlie. But the Hunters didn’t know that. And their attention was focused on the proud, haughty avatar that was smirking at them over his crossed arms, looking like he was perfectly capable of doing exactly what he’d implied.
Dean moaned pornographically.  “Holy shit, dude!  You don’t even know how hungry I am.  I thought I was going to starve to death before you shot me.”
“But Sammy does.”  Dean tightened his grip on the wheel.  “Sammy saw what we just saw, and that kid’s a genius.  He put it all together, Cass.  He knows what’s out there, what’s really going on.”  He nodded, sure.  “Once we find my brother?  We’ll learn the answer.”
Castiel dug out his old antigrav belt and buckled it on.  He’d lost weight since the last time he was here.  It needed a bit of adjustment on the machines, but that was something he could do on the jack.  He gratefully plugged it into his plate and sighed in relief.  The familiar surge of data from the Angeli Quinque network hitting his processors felt divine.  Still, it seemed oddly narrow.  Never mind that now.  He started with the antigrav generators, adjusting for his changed weight.  Then he was floating, pulling hard on the jack, tapping into his lab at Heaven.
“I think it’s our best chance.”  Cass looked at his watch.  “I’d estimate about fifteen minutes for him to do the installation, another five to set it for your collar and register it.  So, if he doesn’t come out here, slap cuffs on the both of us, and drag us away in twenty minutes?  We’ll know it worked.”
“No, it’s not alright!  And I’m sorry.  I’m sorry that I took you for granted.  I’m sorry I didn’t listen to you.  And I’m so sorry that I gave you the wrong idea about the two of us!”
“Whoa, Cas says a bad word, stop the presses!” Incredibly, Dean was laughing again. “Listen, angel.  Remember how we talked about free will?  Well, this is me exercising mine.  And you have to let me do it, alright?”
“Then can we at least discuss the company?  Your father is making plans for this company that are questionable, at best!”
She didn’t get the hint.  Instead, she leaned down over the engine block.  “You sure there’s nothing knocking in this engine?”
“We know,” Bobby grunted.  “Yet another way those rich entitled bastards abuse those poor laborers.”
Dean’s eyes moved to Cass.  Cass was trying hard to concentrate on the presentation going on, but those blue eyes kept sliding towards Dean.  Cass worked for this man.  Cass’s entire family apparently worked for this man.  If Dick Roman really was the monster Sammy had believed him to be, what did that make Cass?
“And I can go on the jack after I talk to my brothers!” Castiel insisted.  “Why are you pushing me so hard to go back to work?  I’ve just been through a lot, Naomi, and I’m not going back on the jack until I’m ready!”
“I didn’t know that!” Sam insisted.  His hands clutched at Dean’s arms.  “Dean, all I could think about was that you were trapped in some rich bastard’s house.  The Devil was going on and on about it...”
Dean shoved it all in his bag, certain the man’s ex-wife would find far better use for the money than the piece of shit he’d just taken it from.
Dean was disappointed in the reaction he’d received, but not entirely surprised.  He was also not surprised to find a collection of fifty-five-gallon drums all marked “holy oil” in the shed.  Of course.  If there was anyone outside of the Vatican who would have a massive collection of holy oil, Bobby Singer would be that man.  Dean was content to bring another gallon of it in.  He used it to create more bottles to stash.  Then it was back to the books.
“I’m Rebecca,” the blonde offered.  “That ginger skank is Nadia, and this bitch here is Elaine.  And they both need to back off, because I saw him, first!”
“I might at that.”  Raising his voice, he yelled towards the door.  “Gabriel!  Could you come back in here for a moment?”
“You knew I would come,” Cass grumbled, leading the way into the building.  “The way you prayed to me is evidence enough of that.”
“That’s correct.  He’s a college professor, very intelligent, and has been looking for a young man of equal intelligence.”
Sobbing with relief, Dean threw himself at the door.  For one awful moment, he thought the door was locked, that he was trapped forever in this maze with the terrible creature that sought him.  But the knob turned under his hand, and the door creaked open.  Dean quickly pushed through it, slamming it hard behind himself.
“I’m ok.”  He shook his head to clear it.  “Wouldn’t mind a nap, though?  These assholes shot me up with something.”
Meg shook his head.  “Nope!” she called, popping her lips on the P.  “I’ve seen him myself.  Hot, at least the winged version.  Wouldn’t mind moving some furniture around with him.”
Castiel let Dean return him to his section, dread knotting more and more in his stomach with every step.  “You’re leaving now.”
She hummed.  “I may have yelled a bit.  And I know, that is not conducive to clear communication,” she called, raising a hand to cut me off when I was about to point that out.  “But Samandriel, your father is...!”  She closed her eyes, took deep breaths.  “You know about the guardianship plans?”
“I don’t understand,” Dean objected.  “If you bought me to protect me, then why were you such an ass to me until Naomi hit me with the level three?”
Dean nodded.  “Someone painted ‘Who do you belong to?’ on the wall, right where you come into the bunker. It would have been the first thing he saw when he came in.  When he brought me there, every time he saw those stupid words, he’d whisper, ‘You’ and his eyes would go all unfocused for a moment.  So the first chance I got, I convinced him we should clean up.  Then I scrubbed those words off of the wall.  It helped.  It didn’t bring him back to normal, but at least he didn’t space out every time he came into that room.”
“Yeah, ok, that’s fair.”  Dean’s head was spinning.  Everything was making sense now.  Of course Cass had been pissed, especially since he’d apparently recognized Dean’s deception right away.
Lucifer looked back once more.  Sam had left the kitchen, apparently done with his snack.  A quick check of another window showed the boy going into his room.  Lucifer smiled.  Sam was probably doing his homework.  The boy was exceptional.  Perfect.  Lucifer turned around, focusing on his phone.  “Azazel?”
Bored, Castiel peeked into his Project Samandriel files again.  How could he have missed designing a suitable interface?  There was no getting around the main components of the project.  He’d already set up the vast banks of computers and components he needed, stealthily manipulating his fellow Angels to help him set aside portions of unrelated projects all over the world.  Project Samandriel didn’t exist in any one place. Instead, it had been hidden away, buried in seemingly-redundant files and components that only the closest of examination could find.  Gabriel, he was sure, could find the files in the off-site computers if he looked, and probably link them back to the individual components as well.  But that was the level of scrutiny it would require. No, the majority of his secret project was well hidden.  But the lack of an interface was a problem.
Fastened around his wrist was a band.  It featured a set of numbered buttons and a recessed dial. The dial was set to “on.”  Lucifer glanced at it.  “Oh, that’s something you came up with for yourself and your bodyguard. Tracking devices, disguised to look like regular smartwatches.  We all thought it was a great idea.  You don’t remember it?”
“Precisely, and what?” Dean exclaimed.  “You honestly expect me to just hang out here and twiddle my thumbs while there’s obviously something big going on?”
When the courthouse guards took hold of me, I was relieved.  I actually leaned into them, not resisting at all when they picked me up, held my arm with my Angel blade and started carrying me forward, towards the men Castiel was still fighting with.  It didn’t even occur to me that this was wrong until Castiel came charging into the man carrying me, turning his head so his plate impacted solidly with the guard’s head.  Then he grabbed my arm and stabbed my blade into the other guard.  And the whole time he was screaming.  “Fight them!  Fight them! Don’t let them take you, he’s coming! Dean!  Help us!”
“Anyway, they thought if you saw me out front, you’d turn yourself in.  But, um, I’d kind of hoped you would, you know, do exactly what you did?  I mean, that’s why I put all those messages in the paper, the way you did with Rufus.  Wasn’t easy, either.  I had to swipe four different credit cards, stole another guy’s cell phone to make the calls...  It’s kind of good that I was a thief, huh?  Came in handy.  I knew you needed info to get me out without getting caught.  I did everything I could to help you.  I knew you’d do the rest.  I knew you’d come for me.  All I had to do was give you all the clues I could, and just be patient.”  He grinned at Cass.  “You are seriously badass, you know that?  I mean...”
“He’s using me against you,” Castiel murmured, staring at the bracelet.  “And there’s nowhere we can run, because of the GPS tracking?”
“I still don’t understand,” Cass was saying.  “You do have a crack legal team.  You also have a crack investigative team.  Surely you could hire your own bounty hunters.  Why do you want Sam?”
“They told me you were dead,” Amelia explained.  She sat in a straight backed chair at the fancy hardwood table they never could afford to buy while they were together.  The table and chairs were in the middle of a sunny kitchen, filled with gleaming surfaces.  It matched the rest of the house, or at least what he’d seen of it since his arrival.
Song I wrote this chapter to is "Fare Thee Well (Dink's Song)" sung by Rob Benedict, who plays Chuck on the show!
Gabe smiled and shook his lolly at him.  “We’re not all going to shock you senseless or beat on you, Sammy.  Your sentence doesn’t have to be a hard one.  We can all go along to get along.  And maybe, just maybe, you can have something a little more here, you know?”
All in all, I could look back on the past year and count it mostly as a huge success.  Only two things stood out in my mind.  The first was that the real culprit, Adam Bartholomew, had never been captured. Gabriel was still following up every tantalizing lead, and we knew we were closing in.  It was a matter of time before he was brought to justice now.
Dean was breathing hard.  He glared at Castiel, fists clenched.  Castiel waited.  Dean obviously had something to say, but to his surprise, the laborer stayed quiet.  “Tell me what you’re thinking,” Castiel ordered.
“I disagree,” Dean argued.  “If I’d been with Cass, this asshole never would have found me.  He wouldn’t have gotten me so wound up that I told him...”
Except he wasn’t upset.  Dean actually had no idea how he felt about what had just happened.  All he knew was that his heart was pounding.  His cheek still seemed to tingle where Cass had kissed him.  Weird.  No matter.  Dean’s plan was, and remained, to stay with Cass long enough to bring up his self-esteem so Cass wouldn’t be completely crushed when Dean hit the road.  As much as he hated the whole idea of being an executive laborer?  The apparent status boost he provided was right in line with his plan.  Fine.  He could handle this.  Time to brush it off and pay attention to his surroundings.
“It can’t be helped.”  Castiel’s voice was flat.  “Without Samandriel to make us human again, the machine was all that was left of us.  The only real pleasure we have is being on the jack.  So now we work, and that’s our whole life.  But in the end, it’s mostly a reason to be on the jack.  We’re programmed to strive for excellence, conditioned to be goal-oriented.  So our work is good, it’s just, well, not as good as it was.  Before, we didn’t like the jacks, but we believed in what we were doing and loved doing it.  That’s what Samandriel did for us.  When we lost him, the truth is that we lost our humanity, too.”
Dean, who had been forced to explain what everything was, drew the line when the angel’s interest turned to the condoms.
“Of course.”  She gently brushed back Castiel’s hair, resting her hand for a moment on his plate.  She squeezed Raphael’s arm, earning herself a smile.  Then she looked at me, immediately going back into her professional mode.  “Come and talk to me about it, Angel Samandriel, and Angel Raphael can stay here with Angel Castiel.  Let him back up into normal sleep for now.”
Fortunately, Cass didn’t seem to upset at this news.  “The most important thing you can do is restore him,” he explained.  “Throughout history, before we made ourselves known on your planet during the war, your kind have assigned various attributes to those of us you became aware of.  For example, I was considered the angel of Thursday.”
Dean’s grip tightened on the phone.  “Sammy’s strong,” he insisted.  “He’s in there, Bobby.  I know he is!  You wouldn’t be alive if he wasn’t.  He saved you!”
“Ok, ten minutes, time’s up!”  Dean came strolling into the bathroom.  “You better not be in here taking a shit, Cas, because I’m...”
By the time the bastard woke up, Dean had already stolen as much as he could carry, after he’d fastened the previous owner securely down, with a cold metal vise clamped gently around his balls.
“Um...”  Dean thought fast, looking around.  “Good question.  Not like I can just tuck them both under my arm and carry them up here, saying Dick told me to get them.”
The sounds Dean was making now made Castiel worry that he was hurting his beautiful lover.  But no, Dean was reaching down, seizing Castiel’s hips, pulling him even deeper inside.  Then Dean pulled Castiel down a bit, leaning forward to latch onto a nipple.  Oh, this was better, so much better, than being on the jack.  He sank completely in.  Now he could feel Dean’s body adjusting, accommodating him.  Dean gasped and writhed as Castiel triggered something inside.  “Fuck, fuck, fuck!  Cas, I swear if you don’t start moving soon...!  Holy shit!  Oh, yes, angel, just like that, fuck, Cas!”
“He, um, kind of gave me the idea,” Sam admitted.  He winced as Dean said something blasphemous.  “Look, he’s my hallucination, so the plan came from me, alright?  Doesn’t matter.  I had to try something!  You’ve heard the same shit I have about what happens to convicted laborers, especially when they’re being held by rich bastards who have the money to make people look the other way.  And then, when Charlie told us about the executive laborers, and said that this Novak guy was gay and she thought you’d...”  Sam paused, his eyes moving over Dean’s suit, fully registering it for the first time.  “Um, Dean?  I found out you were serving as Novak’s driver, but, um...”
“Yeah,” I agreed, taking his hand again and resuming our trip back to the vehicles.  “But you’re marrying me, so what’s that make you?”
“Good, then you can put lunch together.”  Bobby sank back down into his chair with a slight wince.  “Clean up, sweep out the mud you idjits tracked into my entryway, and make dinner when it’s time.  Otherwise, keep quiet and out from underfoot.  You any good around a salvage yard?”
