Greg                             I folded my arms across my chest yet was prepared to break his foot with trying to shut the door if it wasn't a good explanation. "Do continue." I muttered with my temper barely there now.
Greg                      "Anthea sent him the information and he told me when you were showering, and he said John knew. I don't know how long for though." I chew on my lip and we were both deadly silent while a nurse came in to scribble on the chart to leave again a minute later.
Greg                      I blinked a couple times with my mouth half falling open, it being a hell of a secret to keep. "How... How old?" I asked and thought they hadn't been together for years.
Sherlock               The only movement is my throat bobbing, eyes glazing over and hand tightening just slightly on John's, struggling to take in the information and process it.
Greg                            I took a deep breath and wrapped my arms around his neck, it being an awkward angle, but I leant down to press my lips against his. I felt my own breath against his face and my heart jumped.
Sherlock                     "It would go faster if I could get hold of my brother." There's a slight accusing tone to my voice, dropping into the chair opposite him. "I know he came here after I was retrieved last night."
Greg                      "That’s fair enough. And I'm sorry about grabbing your arm, I just wanted to catch you before you rushed off somewhere and I'm sorry about using my powers. I shouldn't have." I agreed at first and then met his eye again where he seemed to pause for a minute to look over his brother and his partner.
Mycroft                       "I confess, I do not. I've never... that's never happened before, to be honest. Anything else changed?"
Sherlock                   Taking the card I nod, "I asked my brother to put you on a data plan linked to my own account for the moment but it does have a limit." I lower the phone, my thumb swiping to the contact list which has already been loaded with my own number, John's, John's surgery number and several others, "Who is this Charlie?"
Greg                             "No, he isn't. I haven't seen him." I said in a huff with a slight breathlessness as I found the keys from my pocket and unlocked the door. I'd just been planning on catching up on box sets, maybe even talking to my brother later on.
Sherlock                     "Give it to me." The words are forced slowly from me, painfully almost, wincing. "Let me share the burden."
Sherlock                   My tongue dances around his cock, flickering over his slit to taste him. "This is real John." I smirk from down around his knees, knowing exactly what he was thinking
Mycroft                     I laugh heartily. "Ah, the ubiquitous 'hurt him and I'll end you' speech. I'm sure he will appreciate it.  I know that I do, brother."
John                            “You might just have to keep trying. I learned that with Sherlock. We both did. We didn’t talk about things for a long time. But it was definitely worth it once we did.” I give him a small smile, sipping my tea.
John                             “I know. I just want the two of you to come back to me safe. It kills me that I can’t be there with you.” I lean into his lips a bit but then suddenly remember that Greg is in the kitchen with us, and my face flushes.
Mycroft                 I scowled. "Troubling... the building was empty - they were on a data-gathering mission, and so should have encountered no hostiles. As to the head injury," I rubbed my chin thoughtfully, "I suspect Dr. Watson will be in a coma for a while, but will heal well... far too quickly, in fact. We will have to have him transferred back to London immediately. I will make the necessary arrangements."
Mycroft                       I kiss my way down his neck and chest, paying special attention to his nipples, sucking and gently nipping them to hard peaks as he writhes beneath me.
Sherlock               My hands plaster on the glass, then I rip them away, starting to pace in the narrow, short area, willing John to draw on the reserves I know he has, to come back, to draw himself up... for me
Mycroft                     "Neither. But I don't know how long the diversion will be effective before Moriarty realizes it for what it is and comes to find you."
Sherlock               "I've found him." I bark from right besides Lestrade's shoulder, panting a little, my coat covered in brick dust and what looks like blood, "There's a pocket in the rubble. They're in there. All three."
Moriarty               I lean down to kiss him. My tongue dipping into his mouth and my oily hands sliding over his pecks. "I'm torn Sebby. I want to ride you, but I also want to fuck you." I watch his face for signs of his preference. It's always good to give fishys positive attention for a job well done. Just as important as punishment when they make mistakes.
Moran                        My head rolls back slightly, seeming tired and a little drained, "The medicine is just a form of control. We help the strong metas and kill off the weak. It works for normals too. Amazing what people will do when they're in distress and not thinking straight. What depths they'll sink too, what help they'll seek."
Greg                             "Well as I said earlier, I didn’t know about the plan so didn’t know Sherlock hanging around crack dens was part of the plan to make it look like he was dealing in drugs again. I was taking it seriously and couldn’t just be lenient with him as a police officer just because of some check in time and you being his mother." I snapped, wanting to leave but had to follow this plan to make sure it goes well.
Sherlock                     My hand waves to Rosie. "Rose, this is Sally Donovan. Remember, I told you all about her." My lips pull up into a broad, slightly scary smile, "Young Rose was considering pursuing a career in law enforcement one day."
Greg                             I manage to catch my breath back and only winced a small bit when Mycroft pulled out of me, him wiping us with a flannel he'd found in my bathroom while I stripped the pillow cases to leave them on the floor until morning. I rolled my eyes when I continued hearing banging from next door, it seeming to amuse Mycroft.
Mycroft                     His words encourage me, and I hum with pleasure as I take him deeper into my mouth.
Mycroft                     I move up Greg's body and kiss him lightly. He deepens the kiss, and with a quick twist of his hips, flips us over, pinning me efficiently to the bed, grinding his hips against mine. Seeing how much I am struggling with the need to touch him, he grabs my wrists, restraining them gently as he caresses my neck with his lips and tongue
Mycroft                     "The staff at Diogenes is very discreet. No need to concern yourself." I said as I drove. "I assure you I am not the first member to have a male companion in his private offices." I wink with a smile.
Greg                             "Your tongue should be made illegal." I whispered as I put my hand on his head, guiding him a little more onto the head of my cock and knew Sally or Anderson would be having a field day listening to this. I chew on my lip, so my groans aren't too loud to be heard outside the office.
Mycroft                       I look over the 6 profiles, and write out 5 more. "I haven't got photographs, but here are the names and descriptions of several others reported missing to the Meta Human Office, for a total of 11 currently missing." I had the descriptions to him, and he includes them on the board. "Then, of course, we have Sebastian Moran, and his partner, this Jim Moriarty person. I have not been able to obtain any information on Moriarty, which leads me to believe he is either extremely good at remaining hidden, or that he's using a false identity."
Sherlock               As soon as John is in one piece again my hand finds his, clutching it and moving with him into the ICU. I block out everything that isn't my partner and lover
Greg                            I looked at my laptop and jumped out of the bed, face in utter shock. "They've spotted Moran. Shit, I need to get there with John." I babbled in half a panic and slipped my jacket on in a rush.
Mycroft                     "You are interested in a personal, as well as a professional, relationship?" I ask. I had felt a spark of interest, but dismissed it, not knowing exactly how to handle it.
Mycroft                     "Yes, he allowed me to do so. I wished to become more familiar with him." I say quietly, turning back to the living room. Taking a seat on the sofa, I continue. "You need not shy away from my touch, brother.  You know as well as I do that I cannot read you."
Mycroft                       I break away from him, my eyes dark. "Upstairs. Now." I grab his wrist and nearly drag him up to my bedroom, where I make quick work of the rest of his clothes and push his naked form back onto the bed.
Mycroft                       I give her a sly smile. "I see. Either you don't know, or we've not yet found the price for your loyalty. I suspect the latter." I rise to my feet. "The gentleman beside me is a police officer. I am an agent of the Meta Human Office. That's all you need to know. That, and I am not bound by police protocols to obtain information from you."
Mycroft                     I look at him, slightly shocked. "It was for your own safety, Greg. I needed to make some inquiries that could not be tied to you in any way. With Moriarty's threat in play, I could endanger you..." I say quietly.
Mycroft                     " I should be able to call in some favors - a fishing boat in the area would not be out of the ordinary." I nod and look at Greg. "We can setup communications from on board the vessel. You can keep watch from there, Greg, and keep us alerted if any problems arise there.”
John                            I frown at him but then steel myself, nodding. “Yes. We should give the appearance that I’m dead.”
Greg                            "We need to talk… seriously, Mycroft, we can’t dodge around it forever." I got comfortable but looked at him sternly when he insisted, not even caring if this ended in an argument because I had the belief that this was for the long term.
Mycroft                     "Mummy didn't lock you away, Eurus." I take a deep breath. "I did." I watched as her eyes changed, and she glared at me in shock. "You killed our parents for no reason at all."
Sherlock                   "Then shouldn't she need more people to show she's wanted? Not less?" I move into the kitchen to fetch John some water and pain killers, knowing his little adventure up the stairs would have cost him what strength he had regained.
John                            Looking after Sherlock retreating up the stairs with a fond smile, I turn my attention back to Mycroft. “So, it sounds like maybe you had a chance to take my advice...”
Sharon Price             My eyes are cold as I look down at the older woman laying in her chair. It was quite easy to charm my way into her flat and even easier to push the cloth over her mouth and leave her unconscious and unable to stop me. My lips curve into an almost innocent little smile as I make my way to the kitchen, remembering my directions and fiddling with the stove until it sparks, catching the nearby curtains alight. Moving into the hallway, furthest from the growing fire, I wait, imagining it quickly burning its way through to Lestrade's flat.
Greg                            I shuffle into the kitchen with John to grab my tea mug.  I tilt my head where I hear the doorbell go and looked back at him, "That could be your lead... something to do." I joked and watched him stamp down back the stairs like a 5-year-old.
Greg                            "You can't predict everything, Myc. None of us can." I played with his hair on the back of his head, pulling him down for another kiss that lasted a bit longer.
Sherlock                     My glare intensifies, pinning him to the sofa, "Care to explain? And by that, I mean, tell me. Everything."
John                            “You’ve been shot. And just came out of surgery. You can’t go.” I wave my hands around.
Greg                            Every rough thrust was just barely touching my prostate and I was squirming where I needed his hand to grip my cock tighter. I needed him to go deeper, my voice begging him to talk to me. His voice just did something that I couldn’t describe.
John                             I chuckle. “You know we’d have to... well we’d have to have a Mom for that right? To carry the baby inside her?”
Greg                             "There's loving someone John and not seeing the reality of situations because your blind by your feelings. Moriarty and Sebastian are dangerous men by themselves, let alone together and he's going in to take them down by himself. I don’t think he nor Jim or Seb are going to be talking about your 'love' for him." I roll my eyes and put my phone away into my pocket.
Mycroft                     "Mugs are fine... better than drinking straight from the bottle, at least." I say with a grin, uncorking wine and filling the mugs.
Mycroft                     "It is also a very secure location, that few people know about." I reply.
John                            I kiss his lips then settle down between his legs watching him stroke himself, his hips following his hand on every stroke. “Jesus, you’re beautiful. I could just watch you like this forever.” I drop kisses down his belly and over his hip to his thigh.
Moriarty                   "And I would like my Sebby back!! But it seems we want two very different things." My personal guards are behind me as I can tell by the red dots on both Holmes foreheads.
John                            “She went with Anthea.” I shake my head. “As soon as he’s fit for travel? We need to go now. If we think Sherlock’s there, we can’t wait. We need to get him out.”
Rosie                          "Nah. New York is worse." I tug on my shirt and try to scrap off the dried milk. "I miss friend though." I wish I could call him or something. Tell him I got here fine, so he doesn't worry.
Mycroft                       "GREG!" I snap. "I really need you to sit... calm down... stop thinking..." I rub my temples. "Just... for a minute. Please." It was like I was reading him, but I wasn't touching him. Perhaps this is what he was talking about earlier.
Sherlock                   I open my mouth, then snap it shut again, huffing and knowing it's no use arguing with John when he starts to sip his tea in that way, especially not in front of someone who seems to share his temper. Instead I whip out my phone and text my brother back:
Sherlock                   My head nods slowly in understanding, a soft sadness now to my tone, "I wish I had known her more."
Greg                            I grip the table to try and put something into how I felt rather than vocalizing it, my head turning to the side again so I could half look at him. "Please, I know you need it too." I muttered and pushed my hips against his fingers and his cock which was rock hard.
Greg                            I hiss for a moment where he accidentally caught the cut on my head and when it had stopped hurting, I slipped my shirt off to leave it on the floor. My hands were shaking from the cold picking up the sweatshirt and Mycroft had to pick it up when I dropped it, swearing at it.
Mycroft                     "Stop being difficult." I pull him back to his feet. "Wet. Clothes. Off." I point at his boxers, handing him the track pants, and politely turning my back.
Sherlock                     My eyes narrow, hissing, "Do you forget my John is -dead- Lestrade." With that I flounce off, away from the milling officers towards a quieter space away from prying ears and eyes, knowing Lestrade will follow
What happened? Not now but to bring this on? Did you find something out about Moriarty or Moran? -SH
Greg                            "Definitely. We can just make it a little visit." I nodded and knew it wasn't going to be the whole ‘introducing your partner to your parents’ but we both felt something was amiss. More than usual.
Sherlock                   "Her power seems to be able to communicate with some species of animal." Reaching for my tea again, I sip it, deciding the best way to keep Rosie safe is full disclosure. "She has shown that she can communicate with bees. An advanced power even in mature metas."
Sherlock                     I hesitate in the door to the den, scanning it. To my shock it's empty, deserted, yet mattresses and blankets still line the rooms. Tugging my phone out, I peer at it in suspicion, before texting back:
Sherlock                     "I told Lestrade about Cameron." My voice is blunt, fingers meeting under my lips
Mycroft                     "He had to return to NSY. He is doing some research on the case for us. He asked me to give you his apologies for leaving so suddenly."
Sherlock                   I slam the door, turning and sprinting to the front hall, trying the main doors but finding them locked. With desperation I sprint from door to window, window to door, everything locked tight, shutters closed. The air starts to become thin, my head spinning, before finally I drop to my knees, crying out, "Make it stop!"
Rosie                          "Yeah. That'd be cool." I stand up and stretch. "What do I call you? And him?" I ask and point to where I think the other guy is.
Oliver                         "I have a day off on 25th. I like having my day offs at Tuesdays. I was at home mostly. Went out shopping in the afternoon." I know I started blabbing a bit, but who wasn't when
Sherlock                   My brows raise, "I'm sure that isn't at all what I said." My words are slightly tinted with humour though.
Greg                             "I can't let you get away with dealing in drugs that you don't even know what's in them. Sherlock, I'm doing this to protect you." I snap back and rub my head where I know Mycroft is going to get angry, upset.
Mycroft                       "I would do what had to be done to protect you, and John, and Greg." I said quietly. "I don't matter."
Greg                             "Hello. there's toast with butter or jam if you want it." I smirked as his hands slipped inside the dressing gown but I turned us, so I could at least make an effort of heading towards the shower.
Rosie                           "Yeah I like the kind with lots of bacon." I can't reach the plates but I can grab the silverware and such.
Sherlock                     Chuckling, the car pulls up outside the yard, "Be yourself? Be adorable, be cute, be cunning." I open the door and climb out, holding it for her
Greg                             I lean on my hand as I listen and it confirmed what I was ultimately thinking, my hand rubbing my face. "He's going to use the fact that Sherlock doesn't have John anymore to keep him on the straight and narrow anymore to persuade him to join this new world order. He must be planning something bigger to weed out weak metas and non metas." I thought aloud.
Greg                            I hold his eye for a minute and attempt a smile back, my eyes going back to the body as I spoke with Molly about initial findings. I ducked under the tape once everyone was organised and approached him.
Mycroft                     I smile as I can feel his struggling to stay still. I slide my hand up his thigh, curling my fingers around his cock and stroking as I move lower, my tongue flicking over his arsehole as he arches his back.
Mycroft                     Sherlock sits at the desk, while I remain in front of the control panel. Both of us are deep in thought, mirror images of each other.
Greg                            "I'll get her to some special prison or hospital, so she can be evaluated. I'm not sure what Myc did with her before but I'll see what I can do. Do you think you can get back to Mycroft’s flat?" I ask and look in on him still sleeping away peacefully.
Mycroft                     I didn't want to let go of Greg, but found I had to in order to return to the control panel. "I have radioed Anthea our location and situation. . I will have her send a medical team, as well.  Mrs. Lipton should return shortly with those that need transport off Sherrinford" I say, nodding at my brother's sleeping form. In a calm, quiet voice, I reassure John, "I suspect he will sleep for a day or so. Expending that much energy at once is overwhelming. But sleep and sugar are simple cures."
Sherlock                     "I'll consider it." I go with him to the door, checking outside first to see if any of my brother's cameras have turned this way. Satisfied I can go unobserved I turn back to the man, pulling my hood up once more and sliding another smoke between my chapped lips, "If I decide the price is too high, you'll take cash in future. No arguments." There's a hard glint to my eyes, undermined by the desperate way my free hand fiddles with the pocket the drugs made their way into
Sherlock                   I begin to look more and more baffled, staring at Rosie now, the phone forgotten. I run a quick check over the A to Z stored in my mind palace and come back with no results for this 'Diagon Alley' place. I presume the Harry person must refer to some celebrity, the likes I only get to know of when they're murdered. I flounder for a second before mumbling, "Ask your father?"
Seb                        "I would always be your perfect pet, Jimmy." I grinned up at him as I did the same with his shirt, the both of us getting down to our boxers before I started moving my hips against his a little.
Mycroft                 "It seems Miss Morstan has been keeping a bit of important information from Dr. Watson..." I mumble as I look through the information Anthea has sent me. Of course, the Agency has known about Mary's young daughter since birth - as one of her parents was a Meta - but someone had made the decision to keep that information concealed, and Mary had agreed.
Mycroft                       "Ah... found them. They'd fallen off the bed stand." I slip the gloves back on. They would need to be cleaned after last night, but it was completely worth it, I smile to myself. I walk into the kitchen and slip my arms around his waist, my hands slipping inside the dressing gown.
Greg                      "It depends what Mary organised for her. She might stay in America with whomever she's been living with or John might decide to work through the courts to gain custody..." I thought for a moment as Sherlock stroked John's head and it was going to be up to them as a couple of what to do.
Greg                             "Will you lie with me? Just for a bit, until I fall asleep?" I said as I threw the covers back, always feeling awkward if I were sleeping on top. I had a comfortable hoody on, so I was going to be warm, my hands starting to undo my jeans.
Mycroft                       Straddling his thighs, I shift to his neck, nipping and sucking lightly at the tender flesh, brushing his bare skin with my fingertips cautiously. The emotional feedback from that light contact fuels my passion even more.
Moriarty                   "Fuck." I check the laptop for his location and send off a rescue time right away. "They’re on the way. I was dealing with Ms. Holmes fiasco." Seb’s breath is labored are quick. "Are you ok?"
Mycroft                     I sit up on one elbow beside him and look down in his eyes. "Is this really what you want to talk about now?" My hand rubs gently over his sweatshirt.
Greg                            "No, no, he's just really drained. All his physical vitals are good, he just needs rest. Nothing mentally stimulating." I nod as I take a large swig and shake my head a little where the taste is bitter on my tongue along with the burn at the back of my throat. It made me feel a touch better.
Moriarty               "Mmmm, good answer, pretty boy. Get on the bed on your stomach and wait for me. I'll be back in a moment." I leave him to finish drying as I head out for a different room in the flat to get my surprise.
Sherlock                   My gaze is still confused as anything, but I allow him his rather obscure gesture, just nodding, then adding, "Plus of course, keeping her here safe is a guarantee of my continued good behaviour and loyalty to your cause."
Mycroft                       I pulled my car keys out of my pocket, tossing them idly into the air. "It's a 10-minute drive to my flat," I whisper in his ear, my tongue tracing along the edge of his earlobe.
Sherlock                   I can't help but smile. She has John's giggle, just higher pitched, if that was at all possible. I resolve to measure and compare at the first chance I get. "Gary is a DI who comes with cases for us."
Greg                             "Ah... Well, what if I tell them that I don't remember?" I rubbed my face and still felt it was a bit cold, my heart rate now back to a normal pace and I felt less like I'd taken acid.
Mycroft                       My jumper falls to the floor as he pulls it off, revealing bare skin. I move my hands lower, and pull his hips toward me, my hands on his arse.
Mycroft                       I roll my eyes at him, and escort him to my car, glaring at the nurses when they start to suggest that all patients are to leave the hospital in a wheelchair. Greg and I walk out together.
Greg                             "He's upstairs and he was being a prick. I tried to put him in his place." I sighed as I put the glass in the sink and folded my arms, leaning against the worktop trying to calm down a bit. The room felt horribly icy and I didn’t want to take it out on Mycroft.
Mycroft                       I look at Greg, confused. "I thought you were going to cook..." I stop dead in my tracks when I see the look on his face. "What happened?" I say, suddenly concerned.
Greg                             "Yes nurse. No work or anything particularly straining until I finish the antibiotics." I joked and only had to slightly lean on him where my body was still recovering. I gave him the small bag, smiling faintly at the nurses as I left to head for Mycroft’s car.
Greg                             "Right... Does it normally happen with another strong meta? I mean, my power isn't much to be connected with..." I half frowned at him, feeling him rope his fingers through mine and smiling weakly.
Sherlock                     "I wish John had been able to come with me to examine the body." My words are automatic, then I pause, before adding in a dramatic tone, "My poor John."
John                      My tongue darts out to take the ice chip and I let it melt over my tongue before swallowing it. The coolness soothes my throat.
Mycroft                       "Anything of importance?" I ask as he goes through the mail. Most of it appears to be advertisements, with a few bills mixed in. He stiffens when he picks up a postcard out of the stack.
S&R Commander    Another member of the team calls from the other side of the room - another body has been found, but badly crushed.
Greg                            "What do you think of her? Rosie?" I said, and the small talk was getting a bit dry now where I then spotted Sherlock watching us from Rosie’s side.
Rosie                          "Everyone else does is what I said. Not that I 'wish it'" I say as I imitate his oh I'm an adult and so smart tone.
Mycroft                       I got out of the car, slamming the door like he had, and walked quickly to catch up with him, and grabbing his arm roughly. "Now you just wait one fucking minute, Lestrade. I've given you plenty of information... 5 more missing metas... hell, I didn't have to tell you about this one at all, since it was never reported to NSY. You think I don't trust you? Laughable. I trusted you with the one thing I hold most dear."
Sherlock                   My hand hesitates, then returns to the table, honeyless. I seem content with my tea as I sip it carefully, peering over the rim at Rosie. "Of course, you can speak with bees. They are highly intelligent after all, though I would think with their hive mind it may cause a problem?"
John                      I smile softly and lean over to give him a soft kiss. “Good. Because I don’t think I can do this without you.”
Greg                             "I’m fine. I need to see where we've gotten with arresting a meta." I said in between yawns, looking much like a young child that didn’t want to go bed even though they were exhausted. I rubbed my eyes and looked at the files on my desk.
Rosie                          "But you're not friends, now are you? You're more than friends, right?"
Greg                      "He's in the morgue. Sherlock, they found his body in the rubble and took it down with Mary's." I leant against the doorway with my breath slowing down, it feeling wrong to lie to him but I promised Mycroft.
Greg                            "Of course, he is. I don't think he is naturally good with kids but who knows? They might get on like a house on fire." I smile over my coffee cup and saw his eyes scanning me like he was trying to find information I didn't have.
Mycroft                       Without a word, I climb into bed, pulling him in with me. I guess all the touching was harder on me than I thought... I was exhausted. I brush my hand along his cheek, my eyes closing sleepily.
Sherlock                   My attention is drawn to the camera, committing every detail I can to memory. My tone is still mild, "Lestrade isn't dead? I'm actually rather upset." There's ice in my voice now, "He was one of those who took my daughter from me. At least tell me he's hurting?"
Greg                            I scanned the space near the door for anybody before stepping in and saw the shelves lining with what looked like pill boxes and general medicine. I read a few of the names, some of them being what was in the pill found on Sherlock and I then heard a voice in my direction.
Greg                             "How exactly are you going to escape Sherlock? They know I’m not stupid." I said softly as I sat at the kitchen table, listening to Mycroft heading downstairs where he was going to start putting things together.
Sherlock                   The fingers around my glass tighten ever so slightly, then relax, a little tilt of my head as I consider his words, "Is she safe for the moment? Did my brother and my DI survive their encounters to return to caring for her?"
Mycroft                     "That was not Mrs. Price's daughter. I am certain of it," I say in a shaky voice.
Greg                            I cautiously walked in with them and had my own gun in my hand so I could do a proper sweep of the room for anything hazardous. I first spotted the swinging feet, encouraging Mycroft to stay where he was at the door and I then moved round to see Eurus who was lounging quite lazily in John's chair
Sally                            "Yeah and then they did a DNA test. It was someone from the school that she works at, someone who she'd been shagging for nearly 6 months. Lestrade was an idiot not to spot it. But enough about him, I would see where Rosie is with those puppies. Make sure she's not trying to smuggle one home. "I smirked playfully as I left him to wander back to my desk.
Sherlock                     Flopping back onto the bench I shake my head, "Don't be an idiot Sally. He'll come, he always does. I'm sure he's just making me worry before he turns up and I can get home to my daughter."
Sherlock                   Still holding one hand tight, I start to retrace the path Moriarty took me. The first leading up to the roof where I first realise we were on an island, turning John bodily around slowly so he can take in every single, tiny detail, even if he's not aware of it entering his mind, "Just observe John. See."
John                            “Didn’t sleep well. Bad dreams... sort of.” I say taking a sip of my coffee as I lean on my fist.
John                            “Your brother told me. But no... I don’t know that you’re ok. That’s why I’m dreaming about you. I’m so worried. And no one will tell me anything. And no one seems concerned about where you are. Or even intent on finding you quickly. I’m so worried you’re hurt.”
John                            “No. I’d never allow it. I’ll come find you on my own if I have to.” I bury my face in his shoulder, trying to breath him in.
John                             Rosie opens the door to her room and I am still standing on the top landing waiting for her.
John                             I’m sitting in my chair reading the paper, when Greg and Mycroft walk in. “Oh hey, guys come in.”
Greg                             My whole body stiffens when I see Moriarty sitting on a chair with the crown jewels on the postcard, my hand slowly turning it to see it said
Moriarty                   "You weren't the one ignored by your Meta parents. You weren't the one dropped off at a hospital and went unnoticed for days until a blind man found me. You weren't the one who is always, ALWAYS, forgotten except for one person and your lover KILLED HIM!" My finger moves to the trigger of the gun. "Speaking of which," I speak calmly now, "how sweet of you to protect your Soldier. Is Johnny Boy so weak he needs to hide behind your skirts as you once hid behind your brothers?"
Rosie                          "I'm 8. 9 in a few weeks." I slurp milk off my spoon and see Gigantor make a eww face.
Greg                             I keep rutting my hips against his as I felt his gloves run up my back and it was actually quite an erotic feeling compared to bare skin. I moved down to take a nipple in my mouth, then blowing on it to make it as erect as his cock against my thigh.
Sherlock                   Swinging my legs off the bed from where I was stretched out thinking on my earlier dream, I straighten the suit Moriarty has thoughtfully provided me with. "Moriarty."
Sherlock               One moment I'm searching through a nearby rubble pile, the next I appear further along, then higher up the mountain of rubble, yelling and trying to dig with my bare hands, before suddenly I pause, blinking, then vanish from sight
John                            “Hey love.” I kiss the top of her head. We stand and head towards Greg’s room. I shake my head, trying to clear my head of the dream. “Have you ever heard of a place called Sherrinford?” I ask Mycroft as we are let into the ICU hallway.
Sherlock                   My hands lift, searching blindly, "It may be a sacrifice I have to make. Moriarty must have a control room with contract with the outside world. If I can get there I can send a message to you." My voice softens, "Moriarty is determined to come and get Rosie. That cannot be allowed to happen. Especially as he will likely go through Lestrade and my brother to do so, as well as gaining revenge for Eurus and Moran. I must get the message out before that happens."
Sherlock                   "She's... smaller than I would have thought." I stand slowly, almost fearful of the small person drooling slightly on the blanket that usually covers me during my naps. "Though I suppose both her parents being below average height, it was bound to happen."
Greg                      I smirked at him seeming so at ease with driving, it being a new experience for me in the passenger’s seat too. "How long have you had this ol' girl?" I asked as we made our way out of the garage and then out into the road.
Sherlock                   "Just... be careful John." Slipping my arms around him, I pull him close, "I would rather stay here forever than to have you harmed attempting to come to me. If it's too dangerous to storm Sherrinford that I will find my own way back to you. Trust me."
Moriarty               I grab Seb’s hand and bring it to my mouth to lick his palm before I guide it to my cock. He strokes the shaft a few times before he uses his thumb to spread my precum over the head.
Greg                            "Hey, you don't solve all of them." I reminded him as I stood up and gave a sympathetic smile to John.
Greg                            "Just calm down mate, Jim has got him, that's all we know and he might not be able to contact us yet." I stressed where it wasn't good for any of us to be panicking and we needed to get Mycroft back up to full health before anything else could happen.
Mycroft                     "What is your side?" I ask, genuinely curious. I know he's frustrated, having to stay hidden as he has - the military man in him wants to take charge.
Mycroft Holmes sit opposite of them and just lift an eyebrow every time when I open my mouth to answer.
Sherlock                     "She will be valuable in assisting me." I sit up a little straighter, "She is quick and brave, just as you are. If I can't have you besides me, she may help."
Greg                             "I don't know. He knows where you live and could send anybody round at any time." I muttered as I continued to think and tried to relax where he started kissing down behind my ear and then my neck. We were still waiting on a meta to be grabbed the next time they came out of the buildings we were watching to be questioned.
Mycroft                       I chuckle a little, then turn serious as the bite on his shoulder catches my eye. I kiss around it softly. "I apologise for getting carried away like that... I certainly didn't intend to be quite that rough..." I whisper against his skin.
Greg                            "Hey mate, gave you quite a scare, eh?" I smirked as he came in and just stored it away for later that me and Myc were going to have a conversation about Moriarty. Sherrinford. Eurus.
Jamie                           Security failed to answer so I ring them again. "Look if Molly finds one thing out of place she'll blame me. She said the only other one who could touch her bodies was Sherlock Holmes. You are most definitely not him."
John                      At hearing Sherlock’s voice, my eyes flutter open. My face is stricken but I try to calm myself, letting my doctor brain take over. I try to remember what happened, how I got here. How did I get in hospital? Were we on a case? The nurse calms me and then pulls the tube out of my throat. I try not to gag and cough instead. My throat felt raw.
John                            “Significant trauma? What are you talking about?” I ask as Sherlock sets me down on the couch.
John                            “Yeah, sure.” I slide up onto a barstool at the island in the kitchen.
Greg                      "Fuck... fuck, Sherlock, calm down... John might still be alive." I looked up where he must have seen the text message and stood up to start pacing the small area of the plane. I waved for the attendant to leave us alone, my eyes sympathetic but I felt sick to my stomach.
Sherlock               My hand is tight around John's, eyes squeezing shut, willing him to come back from the edge. "I need you. Don't be selfish and go., I'm the selfish one."
Sherlock               My gaze lingers on my brother, then drops back down to John once more, shuffling back to lay so our heads are almost touching, his covered by tubes still and bandages.
Sherlock                     My lips purse, then I slide out of the door, bending to glare back in, "I often thought us Holmes had strange ways of showing we care about people, but this may be bizarre, even for you."
Greg                             "It's Sherlock. I was watching some feed of possible areas where Moriarty may go or Seb may go and I spotted Sherlock hanging around a drugs den. When I eventually caught up with him, I found a pill on him. Not sure what it is yet, I gave it to Molly to examine but he's hauled up in a cell right now. "I explained calmly as I put the shopping bag down on the side, slipping my coat off.
Sherlock               I hold myself stiffly, the hand stroking John's forehead containing a very slight tremble. Every nerve in my body is pulled taunt, something that hasn't been seen since the early days when I tried to drown my senses in drugs, riding down the withdrawal of twitchiness and paranoia.
Mycroft                     "A different set of challenges, to be sure. Sherlock worries overmuch, I think."
Greg                             "Greg... Greg Lestrade... yeah..." I smirked slightly where it was rare that people got my name right. I rubbed her back soothingly, watching the firefighters then going into my flat to assess the damage from the fire they'd put out minutes ago.
Sherlock                   "The note mentioned his power." My brow furrows slightly, "Though I do believe this all has something to do with metas and power. Maybe he was spared because he is a meta." My fingers tap together, "Mary wasn't a meta and they seemed unaware of the extent of John's powers so seemed happy to murder them. Yet faced with the idea situation to do away with Lestrade they instead just sent a warning."
Mycroft                       I roll onto my side facing Greg as he lay beside me. I kissed his neck softly, my tongue tickling along the soft flesh. I ran my hand lightly down his chest and abdomen, stopping just below his navel.
Greg                             "No. I was just checking.  We’re gonna have to get dressed at some point. Get some work done." I smirk back but lay my head in the crook of his neck, listening to his heart beat again. I was almost completely back to 100% again after the septicemia.
Rosie                          "Don’t that get annoying? Wearing sweaty gloves all the time? Do you get to take ‘em off ever?"
Mycroft                     "If he can't be comfortable around me, it's both professional and personal. I would very much like to get to know him better... and when I try to talk to him, he just gets defensive."
Greg                      "We were talking about us doing shifts of being here at the hospital with you. Keeping an eye on John." I sighed as Mycroft got up and gave his brother an answer where his eyes went from his brother to me.
Sherlock                     "Rose Marie?" I'm a little startled as the girl wraps herself around my legs, then pulls on my sheet until I'm forced to kneel. I see so much John in the set of her jaw and her firm voice and all I can do is nod in agreement
Greg                             "I'm sure he isn't here, Sherlock.  Did you head back to Baker Street yesterday? I was worried about you." I called as I shut the door, chucking my keys in the bowl and just let him take reign of making us tea or coffee or something drinkable.
Mycroft                     "A small headache... sure it is," I grin at him. I finished bandaging him up, take off the gloves and throw the refuse into the bin by my desk. "Stay there. I will see if I can find some dry clothes for you." I leave him shivering in front of the fire and head to the spare bedroom, where I have an assortment of clothing that just might suffice.
Greg                            I smiled warmly at the blush in his cheeks and wanted to reach over to put my hand in his but merely stood to shrug my coat on as I needed to get to work on finding Moran as well as my current cases along with a broken rib.
Sherlock               I look equally confused, wondering if John had suffered more than a slight memory loss in the explosion. My hand wanders to his bandaged head before pausing, "You're not making any sense John."
Greg                            "Both of us need to stay clear of John. They're not looking at Sherlock, they're watching us. We need to steer clear of them both." I said definitively as a first point of action and Sherlock at least knew that Seb wasn't aware that John was still alive. He'd have to act like he was mourning.
Sherlock                   "Really John?" There's a note of fond exasperation in my voice. "The first dream I have in such a long time and you're intent on making it a sexual dream. At just the wrong moment also. I doubt Moriarty would like me to make a mess of the sleepwear he graciously lent me."
Mycroft                     "I'm glad to hear the trail's not gone completely cold, at least." I nod. "I assume you've had the opportunity to meet Dr. Watson's daughter?"
Mycroft                     "All right... don't stay outside too long. We don't know where danger might lie."
John                            I shrug. “Because this was my room when I first moved in here with Sherlock.”
John                            “You’ve done what you could. You’re injured now. It wasn’t just a scratch. You had SURGERY! If something happens you may not survive. You lost a lot of blood.”
Mycroft                       I grab him by the shoulder. "Control yourself, brother. I need you back at Baker Street, right now. John is very close to coming after you right now, and given how hard he shoved Lestrade, I don't think I'm willing to try to stop him."
Mycroft                       "Holmes." I flash my government id. "Meta Human office. His case is of special interest." I'm hoping that by sounding official, I will be allowed to see Greg soon.
Sherlock                     Suddenly a nearby tray of samples is hurled to the ground with a crash, my voice barking out, "There's no clues. I can't find any."
Greg                            "I don't have a choice as much as you do, I'm afraid. Anthea said our bags are packed with our passports, we just have to pick a destination and do you really think if she was organising something for us, she'd leave your brother out?" I said softly with a smile.
Mycroft                     I saw the look of surprise on his face when he opened the takeaway box to find his favorite. "The owner of the restaurant knows what you like, apparently. All I had to do was ask, and she assured me that this was your favorite. I hope she was correct.”
John                            Taking the sugar bowl from Sherlock, I scowl at him. “That is too much sugar. And I’m not old!”
John                            “I can feel you. You’re warm. Where are you? I want to touch you. I miss you.” I shift in the bed a little in my sleep.
John                             “That may have been preferable actually. Then I wouldn’t have to watch you all go in and out with me trapped here. And then last night.... Sherlock was gone for hours... you weren’t supposed to arrest him. That wasn’t part of the plan. You made him miss his check in time.”
Sherlock                   My lips purse, stalking to the door to call out to the guard outside, instructing him that the 'idiot DI Gerald' was wandering around and sure to get himself blown up.
Greg                             I wasn't sure whether he'd taken what I said seriously or whether we were just heading back to his to make other lines of enquiry. I quietly kept my hand on his thigh, still smiling as we got out and I let him lead the way back into the flat we'd only left two hours previous.
Greg                            I ignore Mycroft trying to fuss over my neck for a moment to chuck John the cuffs from my coat, Eurus' eyes still glaring at her brother and I felt she would respond best to me if we wanted to question her further at the yard. I rubbed my neck, feeling the cut lightly.
Simon Campbell      "Yeah, sure, come on in. Sorry about my son... he's been fussing for hours now. Penny was so much better with him," I say a little sadly.
Sherlock                     "You? In control?" My chuckle is short and mocking, "You're going to push him away. You always have. He won't come back to you. Not unless you make the effort."
Mycroft                     "Not sure if that's good or bad. In any event, I think you've been a good influence on him. And he seems quite taken with your daughter."
Moriarty                   Turning around I pin him to the wall. "How did you know?! Who told you what?? Did they tell you Sebastian shot your pretty DI before he was put down like a common mutt?? Who. Are. You. Talking. To!!! ANSWER ME!"
Sharon Price             Wailing, I hold onto him, "She was such a good person. Did...did you know her at all?" My head turns up to him, wide eyes shimmering in pools of tears
Sherlock               My head dips down, then up to look at Lestrade too, all my earlier frustration and anger draining away to leave something which looks more vulnerable, younger in its place, "We need to know more about this Moriarty person."
Greg                            "Okay. So, let's start again, yeah?" I smiled a little and didn't want to make him feel uncomfortable either. I sipped my coffee, keeping his eye and was willing to wait/be patient for him. Go by his terms.
Mycroft                       "I have been out of contact with everyone this week. My phone was secured at my office. I only just retrieved it this morning."
Greg                            "It’s alright, you don’t have to go to hospital yet if you're not ready. We can just stay here for a little bit." I reassured her with tightening the blanket around her arms and I was mainly also trying to keep her warm where it was beginning to rain.
Greg                            I had been quite relaxed in the back of one of Mycroft's cars until we got to the road where my flat was and it was totally cordoned off with police/ambulance/fire service everywhere. I jumped out of the car, running down the road where I could see smoke coming from Mrs. Price's flat and it looked like quite a big fire.
Sherlock                   I refuse to wince, even as my back is slammed to the wall. Instead I just lift a brow, my voice calm, "You mentioned yesterday about Moran and Eurus in connection with my brother and Lestrade. I assumed my brother was the one to take down my sister, which leaves Lestrade and Moran to meet in rather more aggressive combat."
Mycroft                       "Well, let me know when and where to check. Perhaps we will find a connection." I rise from my chair. "I think I should get started reviewing video, if I want to get through it all. Text me with additional times and locations." I move to leave his office.
Mycroft                       I smile darkly as he fights against my grip, and nip his lower lip. Slowly, I start to move, pulling almost all the way out before sliding back in hard enough to make him gasp. My lips graze over his collarbone, making him arch his back and whimper.
Sherlock                     "Rose Marie." My voice is soft but firm. "We're going to take Lestrade to the hospital where he will not be dying." I adjust his arm around my shoulder, nodding to the skull, "Please be carefully with Billy? I shall be returning upstairs soon. I promise."
Sherlock                     My look is still rather wild, shaking my head, "I don't think so." Leaning forwards, I attempt to speak to the driver, "221 Baker street."
Greg                            "She'll be fine about it I think with my flat in pieces. I was having dinner with her anyway when I told her I was going to go check on your mum... grab a few more things from my flat." I explained, trying not to worry about the grip she had on me.
Mycroft                       "Once things settle back to normal, I hope you two can mend fences." I say as he slides his legs off my lap and moves to get up off the sofa. "Let me call my driver for you."
Sherlock                     My head shakes very slowly now, in disbelief, "You're wrong. You're so wrong. How can you be a detective but be so wrong?"
Moran                        I try and get to that smug little DI again, snapping, "You have no idea what's going on in Jim's head. He loves me. Sherlock is the one who's going to be pushed aside once Jim has what he wants."
Moran                        Rolling my shoulder against the pain, my eyes blaze with barely contained rage, growling, "Too right you're similar. Both fucking cold as ice in that thing you call your heart." My head turns slightly to the DI, smirking again, "I'm surprised you haven't got frost bite on your cock, mate."
Mycroft                     "I will do no such thing, brother. I merely suggested that the first meeting be a bit more... controlled. Ultimately, the decision is up to Dr. Watson." I set down my tea cup and got to my feet, meeting them by the stairs. "The girl has been through significant trauma and is now to be ripped from the home she has always known. A gentle touch is needed."
Mycroft                       I look over John. "Perhaps an overcoat. That should suffice." Looking over at Rosie, I nod at her. "You look ready to go, Miss Morstan."
Sherlock                     Some of the spite drains from my voice, glancing out to John and then back to Mycroft, "It always is brother. But it's worth it."
Moran                        I'm sunk back in the bed, looking exhausted and drained, right on the edge of passing out.
Greg                             I had to take my hand off his chest to stroke myself now, it a lot of relief and I moved things around so I could lube it but then go back to pushing a second finger into him all while watching his expressions still. Every little gasp and moan. I stretched him open with three fingers and then both of us were too frustrated to wait any longer.
Sherlock                   There's silence as I zap down the stairs, flinging open the door and beaming, scrawling Mycroft's signature on a clipboard before slamming the door in the delivery driver's face, zapping back up the stairs with my prize before reappearing right next to Lestrade, holding a rather sleek-looking box
Greg                             "I'm sorry, Sherlock, but I can't just overlook this. Rosie will be looked after." I shook my head and passed Sally in the corridor where I was heading out to somehow make my way back to Mycroft’s. I had to explain this shit to him yet.
Mycroft                     I return to the guest room, having changed into my own pajamas, carrying a tray of tea and biscuits. Setting the tray on the vanity, I hand him a cup of tea. "Drink up. We're getting the outside of you warmed up... time to start on the inside."
Sherlock                   My eyes flutter shut, concentrating, now trying to enter the place I usually dream in. The mists swirl, then suddenly vanish around us both. We're standing in an exact replica of one of the corridors in Sherrinford, the one where Moriarty first showed me the security systems
Greg                            "I dunno… I’ve just not had anyone... 'read' me so well. Just curious to what you'd see." I shrugged with uncertainty and sat back on the pillows again when he sat up to look up at me.
Sherlock                     "Note?" I snap. "Oh of course there's a note. Why are we wasting time here?" Suddenly I'm gone. Zapping half way down the corridor towards the exit.
John                            I notice their hands clasped and the corner of my mouth turns up as I move to perch next to Sherlock on the arm of his chair. “Well what’s the next step. How can we help?”
John                            I smile, blushing a bit. “He does. But we’ve worked past that, I think.”
Mycroft                       "It may be best to wait, my dear... for when your father can accompany us safely."
Sherlock                   I'm deep in sleep now, curled up on the bed with John stroking my head by my side, even a small snore on my lips
Sharon Price          My smile is brighter now as I glance at the waiting ambulance, "I should... get to the hospital, to see to mum. I'm sure they'll take me." With graceful fingers, I slip the glove off one hand, offering it to him, "It was so nice to meet you Greg. I wish it wasn't like this."
Greg                             I vaguely felt Mycroft tracing circles on my back and thought that maybe he was bored so I was getting more fidgety about changing it to something he was more interested in. I put my free hand on his thigh, occasionally using my thumb to make circles on it.
John                            My eyes narrow at their exchange. “It is for you, Yes. Sherlock picked it out. He likes bees and honey.” I smile at her.
Greg                      I perch on the chair beside John while Mycroft looks over his notes, my eyes scanning the monitors and it's the elder brother’s voice that breaks me from my own little bubble.
Sherlock                   "I could do so much more here John." With that, the room around us changes, becoming darker, cozier, now back in our bedroom at Baker street, "I can do whatever I want here."
Greg                            I shrug off my coat and even wondered whether this was to get back on my good side, my eyes staying momentarily on the people passing. "Why were you at the crime scene?" I asked, and only then did I focus on not pushing.
John                             “Something like that.” I sit down on the edge of the bed. “So today, we are moving to Mycroft’s house. It’ll be safer there for us. We don’t know how long Sherlock will be gone so you should pack a bag. Clothes for a few days... things to do.  Then when everything’s done we can come back home. Maybe get you settled in a school?”
Eurus                         My hand strokes over the back of the stuffed, ragged dog, purring my words, "You've fooled silly Jimmy. He thinks you're dead, dead, dead." My lips purse thoughtfully at that, "You fooled me too, naughty boy. It wasn't until I had that intimate little touch with that darling DI that I realised you were alive and well. And coming here."
Greg                            "You know I’m just as stubborn as you." I murmured as I could feel him relaxing into me and it was a couple hours before both of us were awake again. I had gone to get us both a drink, finding him rubbing his face and running his hand through his messed-up hair.
Mycroft                     I can feel myself foundering... my face feeling hot. With great effort, I pull my hand away, breathing as though I've just sprinted a mile.
Moran                        My eyes scrunch shut, speaking in pained gasps, "Crazy bitch has a vendetta against you but also Sherlock. She's not too happy Jim has taken him under his wing. She's planning how to utterly break Sherlock's mind so he's useless to Jim."
Greg                            I sighed that I might be bothering him with this but stayed by the fire shivering, my head hurting a bit more than before now. I loved the half grin he'd given me about the headache and didn't think it was great that I now wanted to sleep.
Mycroft                 I take the seat across from John. "Your daughter’s current living arrangement has been terminated... apparently, Mary's cousin is unwilling to care for the girl without significant financial compensation, which we are unable to provide. Her cousin has agreed to grant you full custody, post haste." I wait a moment to allow him to absorb that information. "How would you like to proceed? You will be able to travel within a few days, and can retrieve her yourself, or I can have someone bring her to you here in London. We have no idea what information she has regarding you, so might I suggest an initial meeting with her, alone" - I glance at Sherlock - "and on neutral ground?"
Sherlock                   My hand clenches in thin air, my voice distant and faint, "Why? He was a genius. He could have changed things."
Mycroft                       I press into him slowly, never breaking eye contact. When our hips meet, I lean down and kiss him hard. I let go of his hips and grab his wrists, pinning his hands to his sides forcefully.
Sherlock                   I study the letter again, "This Jim is confident we won't be able to move against him, even if we can find out more about him. He's making no real moves to cover his tracks."
Greg                            "No, no, I've got my car at the yard and I need to do a bit of shopping, so I can just make my own way." I waved in a smile and tightened my scarf around my neck before making my way out. I was in my car in 10 minutes after leaving Mycroft’s office.
Mycroft                 I sat back in my chair, my gloved hands folded on my desk. "Well, I'm sure they will appreciate any advice you can give them." Finishing my tea, I rose. "Would you like to accompany me to Baker Street?"
Greg                             "Think they're ready to get rid of me." I smiled as I watched him step in, my movements slow as I got up with a small bag with other antibiotics in.
Greg                             "An infection? Then why does my shoulder hurt?" I frowned, and it felt like it was bandaged, his face still seeming a bit cold and withdrawn.
Mycroft                     I laugh a bit, finally feeling a little relaxed. "They weren't bad, but perhaps wine glasses would be a pleasant experience, too?"
John                            Sherlock disappears from in front of me, appearing behind a guard. I quickly raise my own gun, shooting the other guard, taking him down. I point my gun at Moriarty as well.
Greg                             "My office is private. But I'm sure I can get away for a few hours for anything you had in mind." I made an effort of breathing my words if someone was listening and it definitely had an impact on Mycroft with the way his pulse suddenly jumped. I'd felt that with the hand that had been on his face now being on his neck.
John                            “Um... morning. Did you sleep ok?” I say turning from the counter a bit.
Mycroft                     I sit quietly in the passenger seat as Greg navigates the back roads to the row of abandoned warehouses, then ask "Did Molly tell you what he had?"
Greg                            It encouraged me to then take most of him in my mouth while my hand pumped what I couldn't take. I heard him babbling with his swearing being the most erotic thing out of his mouth, my tongue then dipping down to his balls to give him a different sensation perhaps.
John                             I lean up to give soft kiss. “You’ll do fine. And you’ll have Rosie. You never know, maybe she’ll be a better conductor of light than me.”
Mycroft                       "I can't say that I have, other than the few times I have accompanied you," I answer between bites. There had been plenty of unofficial questionings, of course, but those tended to involve me simply taking the information I needed - definitely not acceptable under standard police regulations.
Mycroft                     I move to stand in front of the door, blocking Sherlock's exit. "John is right, Sherlock. You cannot do this alone.  I will not allow it."
Mycroft                     I lean forward in my chair. "He was afraid of you. He didn't know how to block your power as he does mine." I reply quietly.
Sharon Price             "You're so lucky." Finally, I release my hands, rubbing one over my face and sniffling, "Look, can I give you my number?" I quickly add, seeing the look on his face, "Not for anything bad just... I've no one. I'm going back to my own flat all alone after the hospital and... and mum. Maybe we could get coffee sometime? Just to talk?"
Mycroft                     "Th-Thank you," I say quietly, accepting the chocolate. "Like I said... it's been a while. Touching a living being is much more difficult than touching other things. I have to get through emotions first"
Mycroft                       "Interesting. Perhaps that is a common effect? I will have to do some research on it... surely it's happened to others..." I have to wonder if we have developed a close enough bond to allow my ability to bleed over into his, or if a new facet of his abilities had manifested. I finish my coffee and grab a piece of toast. "We should go talk to John and my brother about that postcard you received yesterday. It troubles me that Sherlock did not respond to me when I texted him about it."
Eurus                         The knife drops away, still clutched tight but at my side, snarling at Mycroft now, "I don't need anything from you. I was always the most powerful one among us. You were scared of me, so you hid me away." My tone drops again, becoming sweet and sunny, smiling once more, "Jimmy lets me be free. He isn't scared of me."
Mycroft                     "Perhaps the two of us will be enough." I shrug. "I don't see as we have any other choice."
Greg                             "I understand. So do you understand what happened last night when we had sex? Why I would have seen that?" I watched him for a moment with how distant he was, then putting my hand on his thigh to rub gently.
Sherlock                   "I. Am. NOT. Broken." My teeth are bared, nostrils flaring. "I am stronger than ever now."
Greg                            "Well it's time to find a different excuse, eh?" I raised an eyebrow at him, looking at John and Rosie again where they seemed to be setting up emails and looking for a background photo for her laptop.
Mycroft                     I loosen my grip around Greg slightly to look at John and Sherlock with concern. "Is he going to be all right?"
John                            After being dropped off by an officer, I ask at the desk about Greg and they tell me that he’s in surgery and to have a seat. I sit in a quieter side waiting room meant for the families of surgery patients. There’s a TV playing the news with the volume down low on the wall. I sit back and try to relax and end up nodding off, my head resting on the wall.
Mycroft                     Once John had cuffed Eurus, he turned his attentions to Greg's injury. I take Eurus by the elbow, and gently guide her back to John's chair. as I take Sherlock's chair across from her. "Sister, let me help you."
Sherlock                   My head slowly rises, still striped with blood. My eyes are blank and tone rather flat, "There's children. Sick people. The cook, she helped. The guards should be sedated, sleepy. Just disarm the traps though before anyone goes wandering."
Sherlock                   I jump up the stairs from the hallway to the landing, bypassing John, before tearing into the flat in a whirl of coat tails and scarf.
John                            “Can’t I just stay with you a bit longer?” I rock us back and forth and my head falls back onto his shoulder.
Greg                             "We've identified him and found that he is a normal human, but his partner is meta. Strangulation marks around his neck and no obvious signs of a struggle." I explained simply as we ducked under the tape and the body was just being pulled up from the Thames bank, so we could take a longer look.
Mycroft                     I squeeze the last of the lube out of the packet, spreading it over my dick with a shudder. I pull my fingers away, and settle my hands on his hips, slowly pushing into his tight arse. Between my own feelings of lust and the feedback I am getting from Greg, it's a struggle to stay in control. I moan softly, gasping for breath as I start to thrust against him.
Mycroft                     I turn toward him. "Moriarty." I greet him coldly. "We would like my brother back, thank you."
Greg                             "Yeah?" I coughed to get the colour out of my cheeks and started moving down the corridor, it not even being a day with us apparently bonded and I was jumping him. It was unprofessional for where we were and I just listened to what information he'd gotten from her.
Mycroft                     A shiver runs through me as my cock springs free. I look up at him, seeing the uncertainty on his face. "What's wrong?" I ask, rather breathlessly.
Sherlock                     The door shakes as I kick it, before turning and flopping back down onto the bench in a major sulk.
Sherlock                   I wince slightly as our fingertips brush under the cup, quickly retreating to dump it in the sink with my own for John to wash later, "You read him? Really?"
Sherlock                   My voice is firm, my nose twitching though as she rounds on me, "It was for your own safety Rose Marie."
Moriarty                   Ha! "Yes, but that's not why." I take a bite of the savory fish and moan in delight. "You see, sweetheart, you can phase to anywhere you see. However, my gift makes it impossible for people to recall me. In a way, people can't even see me. There is no way you could, say for pretend, phase behind me. You wouldn't be able to travel anywhere near me." I enjoy my dinner while he thinks about what I've said.
Sherlock                     My look darkens, tea mug settling down onto the table, "My brother has never told me outright, but I believe Cameron started to pressure him for a sexual relationship. Mycroft was unsure and wary but wished to do anything to keep his partner happy."
Sherlock                     The noise Lestrade makes and the slightly more concerned noises of John finally pulls me out of my rather long and evidence supported rant about how I should be the bait in our trap, spinning and peering at the scene on the sofa, "What's wrong with him? He needs to listen so he can back me up."
Sherlock                   I shuffle around, plonking myself down on the sofa after John suggests it, eyeing the child next to me, "They're called biscuits."
Mycroft                       "It was my little nip from the other night that became infected..." I blushed. "The doctor noticed the bite, and tells me they won't release you unless we provide the name of the person responsible..."
Greg                             "I’m fine... I’m fine..." I waved tiredly as I sat up to stretch, getting up and wasn't planning on my legs giving way that meant Mycroft had to support me. I didn’t think I was still feeling faint until now, my head thinking it was because I wasn’t on IV fluids anymore.
Sherlock                   My brow creases a little at my brother’s emphasis, but I remain leaning into John, silent. I know well have more to discuss but later, once my brother has scurried back to his lair.
Mycroft                       "I am in favor of that... after a shower and a short nap." I slide out of bed, pulling him along with me, and head for the en suite. As steam fills the room, I pull him into the shower with me.
Greg                            "Well she has a love of bees like him and is quite mature for her age from what I can tell.  It's a good sign at least that they're going to get along." I smirked a bit more and was putting my guard down a little when my body reminded me of the pushing. It was put up again with Sherlock stalking over.
Greg                             "Its fine. I'll see you in a few days." I tried to look properly at her face, but she was soon off to get into the ambulance with her mum. I found Mycroft's driver further down the road now waiting for me, my clothes wet and my face covered in soot with the shock blanket being abandoned.
Sherlock                   Chuckling, I allow him to slip sated from my lips, ducking to chase the few remaining drips with my tongue, before climbing the bed swiftly to push our lips together in a wet kiss, whispering, "My turn now."
Sherlock                     "He was a very high-class man, from a good family. Name of Cameron." My face twists in distaste. "I hated him the moment I met him, but he seemed to make my brother happy. Would meet him for lunches, accompany him to the opera, all the little things that were expected of him. I believe my brother was quite smitten."
Simon Campbell      I am trying to calm my screaming son when there's a knock at the door. I get up and answer it. "Yeah?" I say, clearly frazzled.
Mycroft                     I re-read the note, and frown. "It seems he knows my brother and I far too well... knows I would likely see the note before Sherlock did..." I mumble.
Mrs. Lipton             "I like the way you think, deary." I pet his arm and go back to the room "I leave you now I have shepherd’s pie to bake."
John                            Ignoring Mycroft, I scramble across the floor to Sherlocks side. I check his pulse, but he doesn’t seem to be breathing. “He’s not breathing.” I start doing mouth to mouth and light chest compressions.
Mycroft                       I nod, immediately understanding what he meant, but hearing in his voice that he wanted to tell me more, but couldn't. I pulled away from him for a moment and looked him in the eye.
John                            “Yeah. It’s fine. All fine.” I push my mug back across the marble counter top. “Thanks for the coffee, Mycroft. I think I’m going to go lay down a bit. I haven’t been sleeping well.”
Greg                             The air left my lungs when I felt him rubbing his cock between my arse cheeks and the friction then on my cock from the sheets was driving me wild. I had no idea how he was going to loosen me up, but I trusted him, my ears perking up when I heard him opening up the drawer again.
Mycroft                     "Good. Get dressed then, Greg." I steady him as he pulls on his jeans. "I'll drive us home."
Mycroft                     "Even wounded, I doubt he would have flung himself into the Thames." I look at him carefully. "Would you like my assistance? I might be able to give you a bit more information..."
Sherlock                   "No." My hand suddenly shoots out, wrapping around my brother's wrist. "It's too dangerous. You can't go through the corridors or doors without triggering traps that will destroy this island and everyone on it."
Mycroft                     "Don't take it personally, Greg. She is adept at disguise - I did not recognize her until I experienced what you felt when she read you. I have felt that sensation before." I shudder at the memory.
Moriarty                   "But you see it wouldn't matter if you figured out who I was. It was taking your forrrrrreeeeever. I was soooo bored." I push the rest my food away and refill our glasses.
Mycroft                       I moan into his shoulder as I thrust into him slowly, running my hand down his arm to his cock. "Let me..." I whisper, pushing his hand out of the way and putting my own hand in its place, stroking him in time with my thrusts.
Greg                            "I… I crashed... Hit and run by another d-driver... Woods... Didn't… know where else to go..." I was shaking with my teeth chattering, pretty sure that I was hypothermic and in shock from the crash. The blood on my face had just stuck there with the rain.
Sherlock               Nodding, I suddenly vanish, leaving only the slight ear popping sensation as air rushes to fill the void where I stood.
Sherlock                   My face creases as I watch the little girl and John, stepping back slightly and then pulling out of the backpack a plush toy, what seems to be a rather accurate, large, fat bumblebee, holding it awkwardly
Sherlock                   The teabags are squeezed to an inch of their life before being launched at the sink to thud...thud into it. "I warned you. I needed to be out there, gathering data. Not stuck here as a baby sitter, no matter how delightful John's daughter is."
John                      I’m woken by an intense pressure in my head and a sharp pain in my shoulder. I try to move my hand up to my head but can’t. There’s a tightness in my throat so I try and clear it with a grunt. That just makes it worse and I choke a bit.
Greg                            I should have asked her for ID or something, noticed that my gut didn't feel great about it. It just felt horrible where she'd genuinely sobbed over a woman she'd properly killed and its things like this that make me hate the force sometimes. I just couldn't understand how this was there sister and now the possible connection with her and Moriarty. Sebastian. Any of them.
Greg                            "I did. I had a nice dream about us being on a beach." I smiled as I sat up against the headboard, the quilt over my feet as he was also sitting up. My arm was a bit more painful, but it was only where I'd leant on it a little bit.
John                            “What about your homeless network? Could they bring me a note?” I squirm around still trying to find him in the mist. “Dammit! Why can I feel you but not see you? I can always seem you in my dreams.”
Mycroft                     I stand well outside the crime scene tape, leaning against my car, watching intently as Greg coordinates the people on the scene.
Sherlock                   There’s a low, dangerous note to my voice now, leaning on the balcony rail and glaring off into the crashing waves, "Are there others here like yourself? Innocent metas caught up in the spider's web who may be persuaded to fight if help arrived?"
You really want to see me drug myself into oblivion? Or maybe even take a few too many? I don't really have that much to live for now. Surely our friend told you that? -SH
Greg                      "Sure, I have an hour or so before I need to be back at work." I stood up with the plate of biscuits, offering the last one to him once we'd shrugged our coats back on. It was a simple gesture where I'd also put the saucers together and the cups out of habit.
Rosie                          "Is that for me?" I've learned that most things that it seems I'm being given isn't true. My cousins thought it was funny to pretend to give me things just to take them back and laugh.
Sherlock                     My eyes roll, growing a little tired of the arguing when all the attention should be on me and my wonderful plan. Letting go of John I swan back between them, beaming, "You do know I have no intention of getting on any plane tonight. In fact, tonight, I believe I have a drug den to visit."
Rosie                           "Yeah. I can do that. I promise I'll be good!" More puppy eyes. The BEST puppy eyes.
Greg                            "We'll find him, I promise we'll find him and he's gonna leave us clues and we'll find him probably already dancing around Moriarty's dead body." I wrapped my arms around him again and once forensics had been in the house and I'd comforted him through seeing his parents in the morgue of Bart’s, we checked on the tracing of Eurus' phone again. Got CCTV from where Molly's apparent boyfriend had been in the building.
Mycroft                     "Are you taking my brother with you? I'm sure he is itching to get to the scene as quickly as possible."
Sherlock                   I look rather taken aback at my brother, even offended, drawing away and then staring at Mycroft's gun, "But you don't do leg work!"
Sherlock                   I'm back just as quickly as I left, holding out a half-eaten pack of ginger nuts and clearing my throat innocently, "Nowhere? See. Biscuit?"
Sherlock                     "Tell me what happened. I'll judge whose fault it was." Without looking I toss my mobile over my shoulder to John also, knowing he'll want to phone for help. I could hear the steel in my doctor's voice that meant he was focused on saving a life now.
Mycroft                       I drink the hot beverage gratefully. "Thank you, but you didn’t need to go to any trouble..."
Greg                            My bad arm has to merely stay at his side where the feeling of his emotional feedback to me is so much that the corner of my eyes are watering. My good arm is wrapped around his shoulders to run my fingers through his hair, it feeling like my head was swimming more than usual but I put it down to the strong emotions.
Rosie                           "Is he gonna die?" I come out of the bedroom carrying a real life -death?- human skull.
Mycroft                     "Greg was driving home, a car came up and swerved into him deliberately... drove him into the ditch. He managed to get himself to my house, soaked to the skin, cold to the bone, hypothermic..." I took a deep breath. "His injuries were minor, but the impact did knock him unconscious. I was able to... 'see' the plate number from the car, and that it was deliberate. Then we got the note and a photograph this morning from Greg's office.
Greg                             "Well, it helped..." I shrugged and since my watch had been connected to my phone, I saw it going off and rushed to the office where I'd left my phone at the talk of sleeping for a couple hours. It was either another body or officers had arrested a meta that we could talk to.
"Yes. The clinic comes highly recommended. Hopefully, 6 months is long enough this time." I reply quietly.
Rosie                          "Or we could go out. I really want to see London and do tea and Dad says you know the Queen and we could get butterbeer and I could take pics for Charlie."
Greg                             I awkwardly slip his shirt off his shoulders at least and I left it when I wasn't able to slip it off completely because of the sofa. I then move to his trousers, fumbling with his belt and my sofa wasn't the biggest of sofas so I was trying to shift back to make room for myself.
Sherlock                   My nostrils flare, snapping, "You couldn't comprehend my honey labelling system. Wait, you didn't touch the honey with the red rubber lid, did you?"
Sherlock                   My mind finally starts to whirl, for what seems like the first time in months, since the build exploded, and I thought John was left, "Let me try something John..."
Mycroft                 "Have we made positive identification of the bodies?" I had a sneaking suspicion that there was more information to be found there.
Sherlock                     "It will only be a harmless little meeting John." I try to give him one of my wide, sunny smiles, even as I'm getting up from my chair. "We will go to the yard, Rose Marie will distract Sally while I gain entry to Lestrade's office and collect what he wants from there. Then, she can help me lay down the trap for Moriarty more."
Greg                            I wanted to say that I'll sort it but I couldn't, not yet, not with his sister doing this sort of thing. I held him close after phoning NSYs forensic team and rubbed his back soothingly. I could sense their father was somewhere else in the house and didn't want him finding that either.
Greg                            I agreed and as soon as things were a bit more settled, Anderson and Sally were arrested with the way they were involved with Moriarty's scheme for strong Metas to get to the superior point they were before the government stepped in. The twins were set up and a couple months after we'd gotten back into our normal routines, I began my own business with investigating meta crimes.
Sherlock                     "Oh boo hoo." I roll my eyes, springing up and starting to hunt, "Where do you keep your secret stash of biscuits in here?"
Rosie                          "Ok I guess." Kinda scary in a new room in a new house in a new Country.
Mycroft                       "I attempted talking. He ended up yelling at me. I can't cope with that, you know that
Rosie                           "Charlie’s Moms told us all about it when they told Charlie bout her birth Papa. Her first Mom made the eggs but her second Mom carried her and her Papa had fertility issue." Charlie had lots of questions and her Moms answered all of them. "So, do ya? Got fertile probs?"
Greg                            "Yeah. But we do still need to talk." I said quietly, holding onto him where he tried to move away, and I would happily face this head on with him if he needed the support.
Greg                            The breath had been taken out of me when I realised what had happened and I was gasping for air. The pain was indescribable, it feeling like my whole arm wasn't there and it was just being burnt in a fireplace. I tried to think to maybe put pressure on it but John got there instead, looking down at my pale face.
Greg                            "Where is Sherlock?" I growled as Eurus fluttered her eyelashes at me and it made my stomach churn. I kept my own gun pointed at her, staying beside John as we weren’t in the mood for any fucking around here.
Mycroft                       "You do realize that I'm not the only one involved in your little matchmaking scheme, right?" I snarl. "This was NOT. MY. FAULT."
Sherlock                     The only sound is the slurping of my tea for a few minutes before I nod, "Well, he is right you know."
Sherlock                   My hand waves at her as I lift the laptop onto my own legs, opening it and easily powering it on, "You can do whatever you want with it, within reason Rose Marie. It's yours. Just as this laptop is."
It is my business. He's my brother. If I remember, you placed a bet on when John and I would finally admit our feelings, a bet that paid you a handsome amount back -SH
Mycroft                       I move my hand to the back of his neck, my gloved fingers playing lightly in this short silver hair, as we kiss. My lips part, and his tongue nudges against mine, soft but insistent. A small moan escapes me, as my free hand settles on his waist.
Greg                             I smiled at the little boy with how peaceful he looked and I put my numbers in my coat pocket with my notebook, it going to be an afternoon of phone calls. "You were really good with him." I said lightly when we pulled away from the flat and we started in the direction of Scotland Yard.
Mycroft                       "I do care for him, brother. I just can't... it's complicated..." I shake my head and rise to my feet to get another cup of tea.
Sherlock                   I step back quickly from the body of my father, hands shaking and eyes wide and fearful. My mind is thrown into disarray, taking off through the rooms of my childhood home, stumbling upon more bodies. The servants who populated Holmes manner and cared for my parents lay posed around the halls and rooms, as if they were just sleeping during their various jobs
Mycroft                 "Mary's cousin only allowed the girl to stay with her in exchange for a generous financial contribution. Upon learning that the financial contribution would cease with Mary's death, she no longer wishes to have the child live with her.”
Mycroft                     "No, I think you did. You're still angry with Greg." I stare at him coldly.
Mycroft                     "That is welcome news. I'm sure the transition to London has been a bit of a challenge for her. I have nearly worked out the paperwork, with regard to her permanent residence here. I should have it completed within the week. Mary's cousins are being... difficult."
Mycroft                       I fold my hands in front of me. "I assume he is a meta, as well, though we can find no record of him... apparently unregistered. Do you have any information that might help us locate him? Or Moran?"
Moriarty                   "I don't expect him to be able to attempt anything by then. He'll be busy trying to stay alive. Once you've been trained and ready to implement the next phase of my plan... Anywhere, anyone, and anything will be ours."
Greg                            "He's got a connection to Sherlock. Knows a way to get him out of Sherrinford." I walked around the bed finding his clothes, chucking them on the bed for him and then starting to slip mine back on.
Mycroft                     "I am sorry, Greg. I know she was very important to you." All I can do is hold him. I rub his back comfortingly.
Sherlock                   That brings a chuckle to me, the tension between us dissolving somewhat, "I'm still going to meet with him and explain that if he harms you then I'll be a little annoyed as it puts a large irritation into my life and I have to divert efforts and focus to clearing up his mess."
Seb                        I clench my jaw with how hard Jimmy is riding me and my fingers dig into his hips to make sure he's hitting his prostate with every rock of his hips. I was watching his expression change through pleasure, sweat beading down his face.
Mycroft                     "Well... no. You haven't worn one in some time, in fact," I pointed at his hand, sans tan line. "That doesn't not however, imply interest."
Greg                            I kept my hand on his thigh in the car until we got to the Yard and my trusted tech guy had found an owned phone to an obvious false name but we knew it was Eurus'. We looked at her text messages and the nicknames she had for people, both of us sitting in my office trying to decrypt who she was texting.
Seb                        I moan a little louder when I feel the oil drip down my crack and then his cock sliding between my cheeks. I clenched my hands, squirming a little but still holding my hips still so he could be in charge… could tell me what to do.
I know your father will probably forget half of what to say. I'm sorry I'm not able to come back up now. If you're good I shall return with an interesting sample from the hospital. Molly has something on ice for me which you may find curious -SH
Rosie                          "Then what do I call you?" My hands are on my hips as I'm waiting for an answer.
Greg                             "Really?" I raised an eyebrow and was surprised where we hadn't spoken in nearly a week, our eyes meeting where he seemed to pull his chair closer to my bed.
Moriarty               I add more oil to his back and giggle when he jumps at the coldness. I spread the oily lube across his lower back and arse. I make sure that some of it coats inside the crack of his bum. I rock my hips enough that my dick is soon pressed between his cheeks.
Mycroft                     "I was paraphrasing, brother." I reach over and clasp his hands within my gloved grasp.
Sally                            "No, no, of course not, she's been a little angel. Much like you in terms of crime scenes, bodies." I stand up and smile genuinely, seeing a more sincere side to him so I was going to walk them back down to the entrance.
Mycroft                     "But he did not kill him. He had opportunity - they made a conscious decision to leave him alive. It would be interesting to find out why. Perhaps they are unaware of his meta status?"
Sherlock                     I'm curled up in the back seat of the car, still silent and passive, staring into thin air
Sharon Price             I snuffle back a little sob, forcing a smile to my lips, "I hope she'll understand how upset you are and support you. "
Greg                            "Oh I don't know. I could stay in this all day." I shrugged with a smile, leaning in to press my lips lightly against his just to reassure him more than anything. I felt the room warm again and the tension ease.
Eurus                         My feet swing lazily, thumping onto the rather old fashioned and tasteless material of the chair. Just like the man standing in front of me really. My eyes open to multicoloured slits, "Is this the part where I'm supposed to be shocked and surprised you're still alive, John Watson?"
Seb                        "And speak of the Devil... you're just in time to see little Miss Mary bleed to death on the floor with my stunt double here." I shoved my hand in my pocket, using the other one for the gun and just gave him a wide, unnerving grin.
Greg                             The small moan that I heard made my stomach flip, made my jeans feel tight in the crotch area and I was trying to move closer to rub it up against his knee and my other hand smoothed down over his jacket.
John                             I stiffen a bit any the new contact but relax quickly, draping my arm around her back. “I’m sure. They are pretty self- sufficient. Maybe Mycroft can bring you by to check on them.”
Greg                            "I had to comfort her daughter. She'd... she'd gotten there when the fire had already engulfed the flat." I sniffed into his chest and had to sit us down in the hallway where my legs felt weak from being soaked from the rain.
Mycroft                     "What's going on? Greg's not answering his phone..." I ask, worry colouring my tone.
Sally                            Finally he's getting it. "Yeah. Just wants to meet you. Probably gonna fan boy and ask for an autograph or something." I check for signs he's telling the truth. All I see is a broken and used up addict. "I'll tell him I talked to you and you wanna meet him. He'll contact you in a few days. Probably by text." I hand Sherlock the pack of cigarettes and lighter. "Here, take them. No one will be surprised you snuck smokes into the jail cell." I turn to walk away but need to say one last thing. "Sherlock, I've known for years your No Sentiment bull was an act. I get why you did it. No one wants a broken heart. Probably the same reason I stay with that dick Anderson. Even though he's got a gorgeously big cock, he's still a grade A twit. And I'd miss him." My own stupid heart makes me tear up. "I'd miss him and it would break my foolish heart. Don't be foolish like me. Listen to what my friend offers you and think about Rosie. Is she really better off with your brother? Or should you be her Dad? Just listen to him."
Mycroft                     "That's it! Nothing in that riddle says the bodies are human... the bodies are goldfish, who died because their bowl smashed to the floor." I blanch. "The lift is going to fall. We have to come up with a way to stop it."
Greg                            "Moran. Come out, you're surrounded.  It's time to give this up." I shouted as we walked up towards the control room and I was worried where the room was barely lit. I opened the door slowly, trying to squint to spot at any sign to where he was.
Greg                            "Yeah, well that was the obvious part." I mutter in a huff and met his eye when he looked back up at me, seeming to be confused with my temper and it irritated me even more.
Mycroft                     "I wish we had a better idea of what Moriarty had planned. However, odds are good that if he is planning to retrieve Rosie now, he is not at Sherrinford. This could be our chance..."
Greg                             "Definitely... And you can sit in with me too while I question her, ask her anything if it comes to mind." I said softly as we wandered around to his kitchen and I stood against the warm radiator while he was starting to get ingredients out.
John                             “You know what? Fuck You, Greg!” I lean forward a bit, lowering my voice, and sniffing. “Don’t you think I know that? They tried to kill me first! But the point... the point is... after all this time, you don’t consider me important enough to Sherlock. You don’t consider me his partner. To call me if he needed me. If something had happened. What if this had been real, Greg?” My voice cracks a bit. “What if this had been real?” I take a breath and continue. “I don’t know if it has something to do with you and Sherlock, or if it’s your own personal issues about our relationship. I would have thought that with everything going on between you and Mycroft you would understand. But I don’t appreciate you shutting me out.”
Seb                        "Oh John. John, John Watson... can’t resist the chance to be a hero but you're too late. I know your ear piece is going to be fuck-all use so I might as well explain what's been going on before I shoot you too." I wander over casually to kick Mary's gun out of reach, feeling John's gun following me but I ignored it.
Eurus                         My voice is shrieking now, "If I can't have him, do you really think I'd let you have him dearest big brother?"
Mycroft                     I pour the coffee, and slide a mug over to him. "Moriarty destroyed Greg's flat last night... killed his neighbor in the process... and apparently, my sister is somehow involved..."
Mycroft                     I bury my face in his neck, breathing him in, letting my hands caress over him softly. We both shiver at the touch.
Rosie                           "So then I'd be your daughter??" A large smile breaks on my face. "Sweet."
Mycroft                     I watch him drinking his coffee. I lower my voice a bit, "It will be interesting to see if the child has any abilities. She may be a bit young yet..."
Mycroft                     I rub my temples, trying to ignore Sherlock for a moment, "Shush, brother. Let me think… I don't think they are in immediate danger, Sherlock. They are not frightened. I think they are trying to tell us something." At that, Greg starts nodding vigorously.
Greg                             "That I made headway on. This is a very blurry photo but seeing as this is Seb in the driver’s seat, I can only imagine this is Jim. You can make out black hair, a dark suit and maybe some cheekbones." I printed out a CCTV photo that was caught on a speed camera and put it on the board too. I compared it to the missing people we already had, and it didn't match any of them.
Oliver                         "I followed Seb's directions and we ended in a building where I was locked in a room. A few hours later they let me out. Seb showed me pictures of my parents and told me if I do something foolish they will kill them. After that, they gave my car keys back and I drove home. The car was cleaned totally. I parked in the parking lot and went to the corner shop and bought a bottle of whiskey. Woke up next morning and came to work."
Greg                            "Of course you'll have back up. I’ve been talking with Anthea. 'I said as I came back into the kitchen to see a map laid out on the table and I'd been painfully typing with one hand on my laptop to print off what I'd organised for this.
Mycroft                     When Greg arrives at the hospital the next morning, I am already up and about, slowly getting dressed.
Sherlock                   My hands start checking it over, "You installed the usual tracking software and bugs that you think I don't know about?"
Mycroft                     I nod to Greg as he takes the seat across from me. "Good morning, Gregory."
Moriarty                   "Hmm... No. I don't think even you believe that." I take his hand and grab tightly before he can jerk it away. "Come on now. Time to go back to your rooms. I have things to do, people to kill, a world to over-run."
Mycroft                       "Wake up... you were having a nightmare. I'm sorry if I hurt you," I let go of his injured shoulder. I sat down on the edge of the bed, facing him. "What was it?"
Greg                            "I'm sure she'll take a lot after you. Very intellectual, loves bees and murder or crime scenes by the sounds of it." I smiled warmly and the back of my head had the thought of pushing people so I kept repeating it in my head not to.
Greg                      "Before John and Mary divorced. Mary didn't tell John that she was pregnant and then gave birth to a daughter… who is now 8 years old." I swallow as I speak and scan my eyes over him to see his reaction with how stiff he had become. I know it would be tough, with John still unconscious.
Sherlock                   "Why do you choose now of all times to be fashion aware, John?" My face is still beaming, stepping towards him and attempting to scoop him into my arms.
Greg                      I had been nearer the entrance speaking on the phone to the chief detective inspector about working with Mycroft's people on this explosion as numerous parties found it suspicious. I dropped the call as soon as I heard Sherlock shouting, my feet quickly taking me over to John's room in a panic. "What? What's wrong?"
Mycroft                       "You have had 4 new bodies in the last two weeks. We have found a few more, and more than a dozen that have gone missing. I needed to... get information... from their families, co-workers. Time was of the essence. I could not be bound by the rules and regulations of NSY."
John                            “This isn’t really even about Moriarty at this point. Once this is over, I’ll still feel this way.” I finger the edge of my mug.
Sherlock                     "I need Moriarty to believe he's broken me." I lean forwards, tone intense, even breathless, "I need him to see me a wreck, an emotional shell. Then, I believe, he'll contact me directly and make me an offer to join him."
Sherlock                     My eyes are blazing keen, nodding and putting my fingers together, "Sally is either working for Moriarty or spying for one of his goons. If I can convince her I'm alone, vulnerable and hurting..."
Mycroft                     I smooth my hand over his arse with a grin. "But I doubt I've ever enjoyed it as much as I will enjoy this." I pull off my gloves, and tear open the lube packet. I spread some lube into my fingers, then tease them over his arsehole as I drop my own trousers.
Mrs. Lipton             I follow him out to the balcony "It is really a nice view. You are right I'm in the prison… I mean, building… for months now." I take deep breaths and lean on the railing to have a better look of the ocean.
Charlie The Guard       "No problem Mrs. Lipton. I'll wait outside with Ian." I closed the door and take my place there as Ian walks down to the corner.
Mycroft                     I kiss and nip gently along his inner thigh, teasing over his balls with the tip of my tongue.
John                            “Yes! He showed me everything!” I buzz with a Sherlockian energy. Having him inside my mind must’ve left behind some of his energy. “Sherlock just said to let Mycroft read me. He’d know what to do.”
Greg                            I keep very calm unsurprisingly as I feel the knife against my neck with my hands down by my side. I turned my head away from her whispering, trying to breathe slowly so nobody would do anything stupid. "No thanks... I'd rather stay with Mycroft." I muttered.
Sherlock               When I wake the room is in darkness, the hospital silent apart from nurses going about their business outside in the corridor. I peer at the high window and see the moon is shining on a clear and slightly chilly night. My attention turns back to John, watching his face for signs of waking, disappointed, before I look around for Lestrade or my brother.
Sherlock               My eyes widen at his reaction, leaning to try and help him sit up just a little, "I was told you knew."
Greg                            "It's sore... But it's just like h-having a small headache." I said through my chattering teeth and smirk a little at him scolding me while he knelt between my knees. I just concentrated on hugging the blanket around my shoulders to stay warm.
Greg                             The clothes seem to stick to me and it does take both of us to get me stripped down to then dry me off. Mycroft found me something from my suitcase, us both sitting in the bathroom with the hair dryer, drying our hair.
Mycroft                 "We need more information before Sherlock can be made aware of this. I know my brother, and he is going to want to take off on his own to deal with Moran. Right now, I need him to stay close until we know the severity of threat.
Mycroft                       I run my fingers from his wrists to his shoulders, finally resting one hand on the pillow beside him and cupping his chin with the other. "You will get what you want soon enough..." I murmur, kissing him softly as I continue with my slow, steady thrusts.
Moriarty                   Pfft "nah. That would be over kill.  It was your" I poke Locky in the chest "brother who designed it." Well... Most of it.
Mycroft                     "I think we're all suffering from poor sleep of late." I take a sip of my coffee. "Did my sister say anything to you?"
Rosie                           "Do they have special hospitals here? For metas... What does he do?" I set the skull down and start wandering around the room touching things, picking some up, and straightening the place up.
Sherlock                     Scooting forwards in my own chair, I nod, a wounded little look to my eyes but my voice level and calm. "The man, Moriarty, we believe is trying to recruit metas to his cause. By killing John, he wants to weaken me, torture me. Break me. This is why your father needs to stay hidden, to keep him safe while we work against Moriarty. Do you understand Rose Marie?"
Sally                            "Ha. You really think Mr. British Government gonna bail you out of this one?" I shake my head. "He hadta heard by now. Hasn't called."
Greg                             I tossed and turned over Mycroft that night and then got woken up quite early as we had a report of a new body. It was only a human, but I thought it could still be connected, my phone shooting off a text to Sherlock to meet me at the edge of the Thames.
Sherlock               I stay plastered to John's side, clutching one bloody hand tight and snarling at anyone who tries to separate us as he's hooked up to various instruments in the back of the ambulance
Eurus                         "No." I snap, starting to grow agitated, pulling at the cuffs hard, eyes blazing, "We're not human. We're better than human."
Greg                            "I mean, if it makes you uncomfortable, then we can keep it simply professional. Sort out all this stuff with Moran and Moriarty, getting Sherlock settled with a child." I blurted and then worried about pushing him again so just shut my mouth.
