Dean swallows and exhales slowly—silently—through his mouth, squeezing his eyes shut, and Castiel knows how complex Dean’s feelings are regarding his father. He’d stayed up late with him many times both before and after the man’s death while Dean ranted and complained and cried over John, and he’ll never quite understand all the ins and outs of it because Castiel’s relationship with his own father has never been anything more than lukewarm at best, and that’s hard enough, but to actually love John with such ferocity as Sam and Dean have always done…No. He’ll never understand it, but he will always be there when Dean needs him. It’s the least he can do.
“John was a lot of things, but he loved you boys, and he’d come to accept Cas by the end. If it’d been any other boy he might not have come around so easily, but like I said, he saw the way you two were with each other, and he knew how powerful a love like that could be because it’s the same way he was with your mom. I just wish he’d gotten to tell you that before he died.”
Jack’s mouth snaps shut, and he purses his lips thoughtfully. Cas can’t tell what’s going on behind those eyes, but the quick grin Jack flashes causes dread to coil heavily in his stomach.
“Of course, Dean,” Cas replies softly. He doesn’t look away, and neither does Dean, but it isn’t uncomfortable like it would be with most people. This is Cas. If the eyes are the windows to the soul, then Dean has nothing to worry about because his friend already knows everything about him. They’ve never had secrets, not even the thing with Rhonda Hurley freshman year. It’s easy to bare himself to Cas. Safe.
“Hey, Ellen,” Dean sighs into her hair, hugging her back just as tightly. Few people could come so close to eliciting the same feelings in Dean as his mother, but seeing as how Ellen knows Mary better than just about anyone else on the planet—the two have been thick as thieves since second grade—there’s no one else he’d call his second mother. “How’re things?”
So, Dean buys a bunch of clothes and toiletries and some weird little stuffed dog with giant ears and spots the color of Cas’s favorite tie, and he doesn’t wonder why Cas keeps staring out Baby’s window on the way to drop off the stuff at Ellen’s. Dean doesn’t watch him out of the corner of his eye or make up some bullshit about a headache when his mom asks why Cas ran back to the car so soon, and he definitely doesn’t feel like he’s trapped in quicksand. No, Dean doesn’t do any of that. It doesn’t matter that Cas is being weird and distant and keeps running his hands through his hair until it’s more fucked up than usual. It doesn’t matter.
“The aesthetic, duh.” Gabriel puts another candy cigarette between his teeth and grins before giving a small salute. “You kids enjoy the rest of your walk now.”
“Yes, I understand that concept quite well.” Cas moves slow, reaching up to cup Dean’s cheek in one big hand, and Dean may or may not close his eyes at the touch. Fuck if he’s telling anyone about it if he does. It’s not their business. Cas doesn’t seem to mind anyway, just smiles that soft little grin of his and pulls Dean in for a lazy kiss. “Plans,” Cas mumbles after Dean has become little more than a wet noodle. Seriously, the dude can kiss when he’s plastered, but this sober shit is borderline ridiculous. What was he, a porn star in another life? Jesus.
“To my best friend,” Patrick announces, raising his brandy. The other men follow suit as one of the women loses her top. “And also to you, missy. I haven’t seen a pair of tits that firm in a long time. May they serve you well.”
“I ordered them Monday, just need to pick ‘em up.” Cas stares up at him in slack-jawed surprise, but Dean keeps his eyes on the woman. “Name’s Winchester.”
Gabriel hums, and the two men sit quietly until the older Novak cocks his head to peer up at the trees. “You know what, Cassie? I think today is your lucky day.”
Burrowing deeper into the thick comforter, Dean presses his icy feet against the warm legs beside him and slips his arm around their middle. He must’ve gotten drunk and hooked up the night before because he doesn’t remember anything but that dream about Cas in the snow, and damn, what a dream it was. Sure, it started off a little rocky what with having to listen to Michael drone on and on about that time he met the Idiot in Chief and their dealings with Dick Roman, but then Cas shoved Dean up against that pole, and they came back to the room and indulged in some heavy petting that—
“Dean?” Castiel mumbles, rolling off the couch and onto his feet. He sways slightly with the movement and blinks a few times before getting his bearings. It’s nearly dark out, the streetlights already glowing orange through the blinds, and the temperature has dropped considerably, but that can’t be right. What does the temperature have to do with—His expression switches from sleepily confused to grumpy as his gaze lands on the front door that’s standing wide open, and he stomps over to slam it shut just as one hundred and ninety pounds of Winchester comes barreling down the stairs.
It was their senior year of high school, and on the intended skip day, instead of lounging at home or partying somewhere, the two jumped in Baby and headed a few hundred miles south to Hot Springs National Park to try out one of the many bath houses in the nearby town, and then, thanks to a mix up where the spa booked them as a couple and went overboard with the aromatherapy, both teens ended up in a bath with raging hard-ons. It was awkward as fuck, but luckily Cas offered up the essential oils as the culprit, and Dean’s never questioned him or spoken about the incident since. Until now, that is.
Just like that night in the snow, Dean breaks. He rushes Cas, their lips meeting in a breathless flurry as they back into the wall. Dean wedges a thigh between Cas’s, and the angel bites down hard on his lower lip with a growl before flipping their positions.
Dean thinks with a twist to his mouth. Cas moves in his periphery, closing his laptop with a snap before stowing it in his bag, and Dean looks over his reflection’s shoulder to see Cas hovering uncertainly in the doorway, his collar still undone and royal blue tie gripped loosely in his fist. Dude’s been squirrelly as hell since their midnight rendezvous on Baby’s hood, not in a bad way, just…different. He can’t put his finger on what exactly changed there. Maybe he took it too far, maybe Dean really had fucked things up on the roof, or maybe it’s something Dean’s not even aware of doing and Cas is just being polite until they get home and will end things there.
Gabriel’s eyes widen a fraction, but then his face lights up. “Dean-o? Really? Oh, this just keeps getting better! Kali!” He turns to where his fiancée is still seated on the far side of the table, her lips quirking at his antics. “This is Dean, Cassie’s best friend growing up and now
“Does he now?” Dean raises his eyebrows at his niece and grins. “Maybe Daddy should be more careful about what he says because I’m still as flexible as I was ten years ago, and I’ve got a list of people who can testify to that.”
His friend shifts into a sitting position—albeit with a baleful, squinty-eyed glare cast in Dean’s direction—and runs a hand through his wild hair. The look screams sex, but Dean’s been around him long enough to know that’s just Cas’s default, and any attempt at taming the locks only lasts a few hours at most, and that’s with the good gel. Although, and he would one hundred percent deny it if anyone asked, Dean’s kind of partial to the just-fucked look. It’s just so…
Dean laughs, somehow at ease around this guy despite all signs pointing him to being a conman. “What’d you do?”
“Hey! I’ll have you know I’ve never once forgotten to have plenty of condoms and lube on hand. Hell,” Dean spreads his arms wide and grins, “I’m practically a Boy Scout, dude.” It’s probably the way the security light washes across Cas’s face as they head into the night, but it looks like he might be blushing, so Dean throws an arm around his friend’s shoulders and leans in close to add, “You never know what I’m packing.”
Dean shakes his head. “I didn’t know it at the time. Dude just asked if I wanted to catch a movie Friday, and I said sure. It’s nothing we haven’t done a thousand times before, so I didn’t see it as a red flag. Then, I met him at the house after work, and he was all decked out in a blazer with his hair fixed and stuff, and it caught me off guard. So, I took a quick shower and did my best to look nice.”
but it feels right like this, their arms hugging each other close and stubble-roughened chins brushing together with each incremental movement of their mouths. Absently, Dean thinks he should probably start to pull back before someone makes a joke about them getting a room, but then Cas’s tongue swipes over his lower lip, and Dean’s only being polite by joining Cas’s in a slick dance, right?
loved him. Nothing you do will change that, so you can take your manipulative, egotistical, repulsive compulsion to control me and shove it up your ass!”
Dean turns the chair and straddles it, folding his arms across the back and settling his chin there as he watches Ellen go back to her game, and it’s quiet for a while, just the sounds of her cards shuffling against each other in the early morning light filtering through the front windows, but every so often, Dean catches her glancing at him, and the silence grows heavier until Dean can’t take it anymore.
“Sure thing, hon.” She shakes her head fondly, stowing the blank pad in her pocket and disappearing into the kitchen.
Dean bristles at the comment but lets Cas pull him over to the leather loveseat without complaint. As they sink onto the cushions, Zachariah continues talking about some business venture he’s recently become involved in, and Lucifer chimes in with his own story of how he bought a small company and basically milked it dry before moving the whole thing abroad.
” He slams the door closed and stomps forward in double time, his boots pounding noisily as he closes in on his target. “
Dean’s mouth works soundlessly for a few seconds as he attempts to come up with something—anything—to tell Sam, but eventually, muttering a few choice words as he does, he gives up. “Fine,” Dean says as his hands slap his thighs. “It’s not real, or it wasn’t at least, but what the hell was I supposed to do, huh? Let Cas walk into the lions’ den by himself? Screw that!”
Dean hums, taking a seat across from his friend. Bartholomew had been the Novaks’ butler since before Cas’s oldest brother, Michael, had been born, and he’d doted on all the boys but especially the youngest. But that’d been before. “What’d he say?” Dean asks quietly.
Cas is still watching the snow, neck arched and a barely there curve to his lips while his eyes take in the swirling white above. Several flakes stand out against his thick, black hair. One gets stuck in Cas’s eyelashes, and Dean has the sudden urge to thumb it away before Cas blinks and turns his smile on him, and that—Jesus Christ. His heart thunders away, pounding a beat in his chest and ears, and Dean’s not sure what this is or why, and even though the very idea terrifies him, he doesn’t want the feeling to go away. He wants to bundle it up and place it gently in the box under his bed for safekeeping so he can pull it out on a rainy day. He wants to record it and blast it from Baby’s speakers while doing eighty on a two-lane. He wants to wrap it in the finest tissue paper and tie an elaborate bow around it and stick it under the tree so Cas can open it on Christmas morning. He wants—
He turns and strides for the door, and a chill works its way up Castiel’s spine as the man disappears into the darkness outside the cafeteria. Glancing down at his cups, Castiel sees the man’s badge on the counter and almost chases him down to return it, but when he flips the laminated card over, the picture is that of a middle-aged Hispanic woman named Rosa.
There’s fire in his eyes, sure, but there’s also a hunger behind them, and Dean wonders if he’s always been this skinny or if that’s an unfortunate side effect of his circumstances. Come to think of it, Dean’s positive they haven’t seen him here before, and considering they’re down this way at least twice a year and that The Equalizer is known for having a low employee turnover rate, that’s saying something.
“Yeah, man. I had it all planned out, and now.” Dean’s dimples flash at the corners of his mouth, and he glares at the offending swirls of white beginning to settle on the Impala’s hood.
“No, I know.” Dean pulls away under the guise of cradling his head in his hands and squeezes his eyes shut while trying to put his jumble of emotions into something Cas will understand. That doesn’t deter Cas though. He just slips his arm around Dean’s hunched form and pulls him into his side before rubbing his shoulder gently. It’s the slow strokes of Cas’s thumb that quiet Dean’s mind, and he leans into the touch a little as the words trip off his tongue. “I just…I don’t understand why someone would do that, you know? Why go after us? What did we do to deserve this?”
“That’s for people who actually know what they’re doing, and you, kid, don’t have a clue. Come on, I’ve got a few samples that’ll set you on the right path.”
about his brother’s situation, which, Dean isn’t surprised because if anyone did, it’d be Gabriel. The guy’s got a wealth of tricks up his sleeve.
The cop glances around quickly before nodding to himself and stepping back. “You boys be careful,” he says while grabbing the radio clipped to his shoulder.
Naomi sighs, the sound long and drawn out, and Castiel can just see her shaking her head. “Honestly, Castiel. Pan? I don’t even know what that means. When will you put this liberal phase to rest and find yourself a nice girl to make a life with?”
Dean paces a few feet away and wipes his hand over his mouth while Cas scrambles to follow him out. Hanging his head back to stare at the stars, Dean rasps, “This isn’t working.”
The first one, from Michael, Castiel’s oldest brother, isn’t so bad, just instructions to call him, and even the one from Balthazar is just a string of shocked emojis, but the others…
“Dude, you just found out, like, an hour ago. I think you’ve got plenty of time left to process it.”
She appears with a large smile and places two tiny boxes on the counter. Opening one, she turns it around and slides it over before moving on to the next one. “Both are fourteen carat, white gold, as promised.”
“Oh, fuck you,” Dean snorts while climbing the rest of the way up. “She can do way better than some nerdy little author, and you know it.”
Bartholomew pales but stands his ground. “No,” he insists. “Mrs. Roman isn’t allergic to shellfish. If she was she would have—”
“…’n so pretty, Dean,” Cas continues when they reach the room. Dean leans him against the wall, keeping his palm flattened against Cas’s chest to make sure he won’t tip over, and unlocks the door. “They deserve the best, don’ you think? Deserve ta ‘ave nice custom’rs once in a while.”
' with the other guests out front like we haven't been staying here all week? Dude, I can only smile and nod for so long before someone gets punched.”
“This is bullshit,” Dean grumbles, adjusting his tie in the mirror. After the New Year passes, he’s loading up all his freaking suits and dropping them off at the nearest shelter. Except for the blue one, his ass looks great in those pants. And the charcoal. Cas said it makes his eyes pop. Then there’s the one with the little pinstripes that—
He’s still shaking off the confrontation later when he makes it back to the table, wings and drinks in hand. Michael is already back and doesn’t so much as glance up when Dean takes his seat, but Cas gladly takes the proffered beer and snags a few wings, too. Dean just chuckles at his friend and slides a few napkins his way. Unfortunately, his mood doesn’t lift much, and Cas has shot him more than a few worried looks by the time there’s a knock at the door.
Except, after he descends the staircase and gets swept up in the party crowd once more, Castiel runs headfirst into Michael’s wife. Steadying her with a hand on each shoulder, Castiel tries to make sense of what her being here while her husband is upstairs with someone else means, but all he can manage to say—or more accurately, croak—is, “Anna?”
“You ordered them already?” Cas hisses once she’s gone. He doesn’t sound angry, just confused by the new information.
The French doors at the back of the house closed after Rachel came out, but now they open simultaneously, and Castiel places a hand on Gabriel’s shoulder to get his attention, and there, when Gabriel sees his wife-to-be on her father’s arm, he lets out a choked little sound, and then his face absolutely
Instantly the guy’s expression goes slack, and he flicks wide eyes over to Cas before swallowing. “Oh.”
The conversation turns to Gabriel’s bakery then, and Dean tucks into his food while mulling over his next move, and it’s when he’s finally decided on dropping his hand to Cas’s knee that Cas runs his own hand tantalizingly down Dean’s back. Dean’s hand remains tense, almost unnaturally still, as Cas’s fingers drift down to the dip in his spine. They hesitate only a moment at the top of Dean’s pants, and then they return to his shoulder blades before making the circuit all over again.
“They’ll be here early Saturday to set up,” the woman replies slowly. She frowns slightly and casts a furtive glance over at Gabriel, but he just rolls his eyes. That must mean something to her though, because the confusion melts from her face, and her features settle into an unimpressed mask of disdain.
Gabriel pulls them both to the table before taking his seat and stretching his arm over the back of Kali’s chair. “You’ve gotta tell me all about it. How did you go from roommates to this?”
“You were a mistake,” Naomi hisses, leaning forward. “I never wanted you, and if I could, I would’ve aborted you as soon as I realized God wouldn’t save me the trouble. The
One second Castiel is watching the snow fall, and the next he’s experiencing something he didn’t even know he wanted.
“Oh, don’t mind us,” Mary says casually before sipping at her coffee. She rolls her eyes and gestures with the cup, but Castiel can just make out the ghost of a smile on her lips before she says, “We’re just wondering what’s going on over there.”
and some chicken lo mein, Cas finally relaxes, his socked feet coming up to rest beside Dean’s on the edge of the coffee table as he tries (and fails) to explain to Dean that no, despite the snow, this isn’t a Christmas movie.
They all stare at each other a beat before Jody claps her hands. “Annnnnd, this is officially a criminal investigation. Mary, let these ladies get you to the hospital, and I’ll meet you there for questioning. Sam, go see that wife and kid of yours. Dean—”
“I’ve seen you at your worst,” Castiel reminds him with a smirk. Dean laughs a little and ducks his head, so Castiel gently tips his chin back up. “And it doesn’t scare me because I know you, Dean. You’ve never wanted a commitment, and you’ve always been honest about that with any partner you’ve had, so if you’re really willing to change that now, I’ll trust you. If anything, I’m concerned I may not live up to your standards, but if you’ll have me, I’d like to see if we can figure this out together.”
It’s that realization that has Castiel hugging Dean closer and chasing his mouth with a new urgency, that has him backing up and leaning onto the Impala’s hood while pulling Dean on top of him because if this is it, if this is all he gets, Castiel is going to make the most of it.
Dean holds up a finger while draining his cup, and then, after putting the empty vessel back on the bedside table, he leans his head back and sighs. “Do we really have to wear the monkey suits?”
Unfortunately, Dean’s so caught up in staring at Cas that he almost misses Katie when the four-year-old throws herself on his chest. “Oof! Hey Katie-bug!”
“No! No, dude, I—” Dean throws his leg over Cas’s waist and straddles his lap—and woo buddy, is that a lot of morning wood for one man to carry around—before pinning his shoulders in place. “Last night was great, Cas. Really. I just didn’t think it’d actually happened. Too good to be true, and all that.”
Castiel stands and clasps his hands in front of himself while ducking his head to hide his smile. “I’m leaving you for your mother.”
“Everything okay?” Cas asks. His eyebrows are furrowed in that way they get when he’s concerned over something, and Dean just doesn’t have the heart to tell him his brother tried to hit on his fake-husband.
He’s caught up in what can only be described as surreal, a moment where he’s rendered speechless by the beauty in front of him. It’s something he’s only experienced a few times, once when he let Sam talk him into hiking to the top of a mountain trail and looking out over a crystal clear lake that perfectly reflected the sky, another time while peering down at a newborn Katie bundled up in his arms, and on a road trip with Cas when they were crossing the desert right at sunset and the light washed everything in pinks and oranges and reds and Cas grinned at him from the passenger seat, and now.
Hours after her initial exam, the doctors determine that Katie, due to her history as a preemie putting her at higher risk for complications from smoke inhalation, will be kept overnight for observation while the adults are released.
Castiel sighs gently as Dean presses their lips together, and Dean nods once. “And damned tasty to boot.”
Cas has grown quiet, and when Dean looks over, he’s staring at the ground as they walk, so Dean reaches out and pulls Cas’s hand into his, threading their fingers together and running his thumb lightly over Cas’s index. It earns him a small smile in thanks, and that pesky warmth is back in Dean’s chest again.
Their laughter is interrupted by the ladder creaking, and then Dean’s head pops up through the hole in the floor. “What’re you guys doing up here?”
Although shut up for the duration of their trip, the place still smells vaguely of leather and herbs, and it’s so homey Castiel wants to drown in it. On impulse, he replaces his coat with Dean’s faded green army jacket off the rack by the door and pulls the lapel to his nose and lets the motor oil invade his senses. Maybe he’s a glutton for punishment, but he definitely intends on stealing it when he’s done packing.
“Gabriel seems happy,” Dean says, stripping his tie from around his neck in one fluid movement and setting to work on the button at his throat. His fingers fumble with the tiny thing, so Castiel steps up to pop it loose for him.
Seconds tick by, Dean’s ears straining for signs of life in the otherwise empty building while his heart slows, and he turns to sweep his gaze over the bedroom one more time when he sees it.
“Life’s too short not to take chances when you’ve got them, son.” Folding her arms on the table, Ellen leans forward and pins Dean with a look. “Now the way I see it, you’ve got two options. Hang out here for a while feeling sorry for yourself and dwelling on what you thought was a good enough reason to walk out on the best thing you’ve ever had, or you go make things right with that boy.”
Bartholomew dashes to the big walk-in pantry and bumps into the head chef on the way, and the two begin yelling at each other in French while the rest of the kitchen looks on. Meanwhile, Dean holds open the door for Castiel and gestures to it with a grand sweeping motion.
Dean glares at the gutter like it’s personally offended him somehow and blows out a slow breath. “It’s the way you look at ‘em,” he says eventually, though his voice is still laced with anger. “Your eyes get all wide, and your face lights up, and you won’t stop talking about how magical it all is or whatever. You do it every year, and I don’t think you even realize how, how…innocent you sound.”
Dean slumps hard, his eyes closing as he catches his breath, and Castiel should be uncomfortable, should be worried a car will drive by and see their disheveled state and maybe have them arrested, but he’s not. Instead, the only thing Castiel can bear to allow access to his attention span right now is the way Dean’s lips are parted and a light sheen of sweat has built up on his skin. He’s helpless not to reach out, to touch this glowing perfection above him, and as soon as his hand makes contact, Dean’s eyes flutter open, and he presses a kiss to Castiel’s thumb with a smile.
“Just like old times,” Dean chuckles as he snags a handful of mini quiches and stuffs one into his mouth.
Cas turns and stares at his mother, and Dean can see the way his walls have crumbled completely, how raw his nerves are, and how exhausted he must be. “I never wanted to be,” he murmurs.
She melts back into the crowd, leaving Dean baffled by her offhand remark. Now that he thinks about it, no one they’ve had to pretend in front of seemed surprised that
The ceremony is done beautifully, everyone bundled up in the snow-covered courtyard and daffodils gracing every available surface. The bridesmaids, a few of Kali’s friends as well as her younger sister, are all in a rich, royal blue, and someone wove more daffodils into their hair. Naomi was right about one thing, Michael’s little girl is a vision as she makes her way up the aisle while scattering petals all around her, and she beams as the crowd coos over her. Even Gabriel is momentarily distracted by his niece, and he gathers her in a quick hug when she reaches the altar.
, being destroyed, and he can’t do anything to stop it. They could all be dead right now for all he knows. They could be dead, and where was Dean? Drinking champagne and making out with his fake husband. He never should’ve gone to the party. He should’ve told Cas to go and headed to his mom’s. Flashes of the worst possible outcomes flip through his head—Katie screaming from a second story window, Eileen on a gurney as first responders work on her, Sammy missing, his mom burning alive…
The kitchen is his favorite part of his mom’s house, and it’s not only because of the memories he has here. Dean’s always enjoyed cooking. There’s a weird sort of peace to be found in the repetitive motions of mixing or kneading or shaping various foods, and it takes less thought than fixing an engine requires. Really, it’s more instinct than—
As if reading his mind—which Castiel wouldn’t doubt given their history—Dean licks his lips and glances shyly down at where their hands are still resting inches apart on the shelf. “Cas, I think we should talk.”
“Nah, man.” Dean turns and pulls Cas to him by his belt. “You haven’t seen Gabe in too long, and Kali’s great, and even Anna’s not terrible
He doesn’t regret it, not one bit. He didn’t plan on sacrificing himself to save Dean, couldn’t imagine confessing his love while Death attempted to murder them both, but he isn’t sorry. It was the only way to save Dean, and in the end, that was all that mattered. He felt Dean’s longing like his own for so many years, but as they stood toe to toe, Dean’s longing increased tenfold, and for a second, just a second, Cas thought perhaps he wasn’t the only one in love. Of course, that thought led him to shoving Dean out of the way—because Dean would surely try and stop the Empty—and that was it.
” Castiel elbows Dean in the ribs and raises an eyebrow because, really? “Look, Sam. I need some private time with my fiancé, okay? Things are about to get weird.”
Cas felt it when Dean died. He felt the sharp, breathtaking last beat of the Righteous Man’s heart and threw out a hand to brace himself on the nearest tree. Jack had long since given himself over to the universe, embraced his new role in the divine and faded into the background, a gentle hum in the stars, but at Cas’s distress, the young God appeared at his side, worry creasing his face.
As Joshua’s sermon continues, Castiel finds his mind wandering, and his eyes scan the faces in the crowd until he finds Dean, but Dean’s already watching him and mouths a “hey.” Castiel returns the gesture, and Dean grins, his eyes sparkling in the midday sun, and Castiel is so caught up in their short conversation that he almost misses his cue to hand Gabriel the ring.
Just when Castiel is about to turn the knob, he’s answered by Michael’s breathy voice begging someone not to stop, and Castiel jumps back like he’s been shocked. So, that’s what they’re doing. He huffs a small laugh and mentally congratulates Michael. Castiel hasn’t seen his brother and sister-in-law show much affection for each other since they arrived, but all couples are different, and he assumes some are into the thrill of potentially being caught in the act.
Gabe just winks and throws a few extra chips onto the growing pile. “I wouldn’t dream of it,” he says innocently.
from her usual self that Castiel fumbles the platter of roast and would have dropped it had it not been for Dean’s quick hands. Dean just winks and goes about putting some on both their plates before handing the dish off to Gabriel.
As his usually shitty luck would have it, Michael is just finishing up when Dean enters. Michael begins washing his hands as Dean unzips, but he can feel eyes on the back of his head, so it takes a little longer than usual to start going. Sure enough, after he flushes the urinal, Dean turns around to find Michael casually propped against the sink, his arms folded over his chest.
“Jesus,” Dean squeaks as the man stares up at him through his lashes. There’s a predatory sort of gleam there that makes Dean want to bend over and beg, and while he’s been known to get into some kinky shit, Dean Winchester does not beg.
There’s a pregnant pause, and in the back of his mind, Castiel thinks for just a moment that Dean will take this opportunity to get out of marrying him, but then Dean’s lips lift in a miniscule smirk, and Dean clears his throat. “Well, the government is gonna have to deal with some more paperwork because I don’t care what they say. I’m marrying Cas anyway.”
“Don’t go staining my table with food coloring like you did last year!” Mary calls from the living room. She appears in the doorway, arms full of boxes, and blows a greying curl out of her eyes. “It took ages to refinish it after your impromptu food fight.”
There are no physical pains in the new Heaven, so Dean doesn’t complain about being too old when he wakes up plastered to Cas’s front as they sprawl across the seat, and his stomach doesn’t rumble with the need for sustenance—though he promises to show Cas the finer points of the morning after as soon as they have access to a functioning kitchen—so they wait for the snow to melt off by discovering new ways to make each other come undone. Dean, Cas finds, is highly adept at improvising and makes use of each facet of their current circumstances, but he enjoys letting go of control best of all. In turn, Cas cradles the trust Dean places in him and builds empires within the boundaries of their shared sandbox, and together, they get lost in their own little corner of the universe.
Sam grins, stretching out to rest his arm along the back of Eileen’s chair. His thumb sweeps along the thick sweater covering her shoulder as she leans into the touch. “They’re newlyweds, Mom. I’m surprised they haven’t disappeared upstairs for a little one-on-one time yet.”
The man nods and continues wiping down the counter. “Fire?” Castiel’s head snaps up, and he assesses the man carefully. “It’s the soot,” the man says, gesturing to his own face. “We get a lot of those this time of year on account of the space heaters and such people have in their homes. It's sad though. A lot of folks aren't right with the Almighty when they pass. How about your bunch? Did everyone make it out okay?”
“Dunno.” Dean huffs a laugh and shakes his head before looking back down at their initials, still side by side after all this time, and more quietly than the first time, he murmurs, “I dunno.”
Dean groans long and loud as Cas backs away. He hops off the counter and adjusts his pants while glaring at his friend in annoyance. “You’re a dick, you know that?”
To his surprise, Dean laughs. “Dude, I’ve seen you naked, okay? No need to cover up like a friggin’ nun. Here,” he tosses Castiel one of his tees, “throw this on and keep your boxers on. You’ll survive.”
Once again, Castiel is reminded of how lucky he is to have Gabriel as a brother. After his breakdown earlier, Gabriel picked him up and insisted on supplying Castiel with an extended vacation somewhere. All Castiel had to do was tie things up at home first.
Dean hums quietly thinking seriously about doing just that while they’re in town. They’re due to visit her tomorrow for Sunday dinner and then again for Christmas, and he’ll probably see her somewhere in between those times anyway seeing as how they’ve planned to stay until the new year. Yeah. He’s going to make a point to twirl his mom around the kitchen a few times.
Father Joshua grins, and the sudden shift is so disorienting that Castiel can do nothing but stand there when Father Joshua wraps him in a hug. “I never told you this,” he whispers into Castiel’s ear, “but I’ve never believed God could hold anything against a person for who they love. Check the scriptures, child. He’s never stopped loving you, and neither have I.”
“Real people,” Dean argues, balling his hands into fists, “with families and homes. How can you take away their livelihood like that? I’d never do that to my team.”
Cracking an eye at his older brother, Sam scoffs and shakes his head. “Fan-fucking-tastic. I’m…God, Dean. I’m just glad we’re alive.”
A warm hand covers his own, and Dean proceeds to tell her everything, all about the Vegas trip and their plan to act married, about realizing he wanted Cas and taking that plunge into something more. His voice shakes when he tells her about what really went down last night and what happened between Cas and his mom, and he’s full on crying by the time he’s done. Through it all, Ellen remains quiet, nodding in some places and lips thinning slightly in others, but she doesn’t interrupt him—not once—until she’s sure he’s finished.
“Bartholomew brought them over while you were showering,” Cas murmurs. His attention stays focused on his food, going so far as to smooth the wrapper flat on the table. Propping his jaw in his hand, he seems to slump even further. “He was…polite.”
Later, while they’re laying there in the dark, Castiel stares up at the ceiling, anxiety clawing at his insides. Thumbing the band around his finger, he wonders idly how different his life would be had he never felt the need to come out to his parents. Maybe they would’ve continued to support him, or maybe they’d have found some other reason for hating him. He can’t decide.
Cas’s mouth drops open, and Dean takes advantage of his shock. Cupping Cas’s face in both hands, Dean leans in until their lips are almost but not quite touching and is rewarded by a shallow gasp when he swipes his thumb over Cas’s bottom lip. His breath still smells like coffee, and Dean moves closer, crowding him against the cooler and slotting their legs together. Cas is only reacting when his hands clench the back of Dean’s coat, Dean knows that, but he keeps pushing his friend until their bodies are molded to one another, and then, when Cas’s eyes flutter shut and his head tilts back, mouth searching for contact, he stops.
Cas, ever his guardian angel, slides his hand down Dean’s forearm until he can lace their fingers together, and Dean grips onto the man like a lifeline while the chatter continues on around them. Mary has moved on to hug Cas while Sam slaps Dean on the shoulder and drones on about…well, Dean’s not exactly sure what his little brother is talking about. It’s all a droll buzzing in his ears at this point, but he manages to nod in all the right places—which is a fucking miracle in and of itself—until Sam squeezes his shoulder tightly and disappears into the other room with Katie on his hip and Eileen and Mary right behind them, and then it’s just him and Cas, alone in his mother’s kitchen, and how the hell did they even get here? One minute he was cooking breakfast, and the next—
. Dean is his best friend, practically family at this point, and Castiel will not endanger that by letting his brain run wild with some stupid fantasy. Admittedly, it’s been a while since he last picked up a partner, and he’s beyond stressed out due to his family, but that’s no excuse.
“Point is, Dean-o, Mom and Pop didn’t take too well to your little show last night, and when rich folks get mad, they get creative.”
Dean just shrugs and crawls the rest of the way out of the passenger side until he can stand up straight again. “Mrs. Novak?”
Something…snaps inside of Dean at those words, like the tumblers of a lock finally fitting into place, and he stares blankly at the man in front of him.
Cas is his peripherals, his deep voice calmly telling Dean whether or not he can make the next intersection before the oncoming traffic, and it’s a good thing, too, because otherwise Dean probably would’ve killed someone by now. All he can focus on is the thought of his family, his
Dean swallows a bit of water before twisting one of Cas’s short curls around his fingertips. Cas finds a sudden and intense interest in his food then, though his face twists with confusion, and it only serves to make Dean want to smooth those wrinkles away which should be weird, but…isn’t. And
It’s a lie. They both know it. Whatever happens next, their friendship has been forever changed, and they’ll never be able to get back to where they were. The best case scenario is that they end things peacefully and occasionally exchange emails and Christmas cards, but they won’t be friends. Not really.
“In that time,” Castiel explains, “it was normal for two men to live together, especially if one was a widower as in this story. No one looked twice at two men managing a large ranch because it was a lot of work, but for the one who was engaged to suddenly cut the engagement off right before moving in with another man,
Making their way up the sidewalk, Sam points out the playground where he and his brother had spent so many hours after school. “There,” he tells Eileen, gesturing to the tunnel stretching between the two platforms. “That’s where we’re supposed to meet him.”
Dean takes his hand and begins swaying along with the music as velvet and sequined skirts brush their shoes. “Who says old dogs can’t learn new tricks, huh?”
“I’m not in a mood!” Sam’s signature bitchface slid into place, and Dean slumped into a seat. Cradling his head in his hands, he took a steadying breath. “I’m not in a mood,” he repeated, his voice no more than a whisper. “I’m fine.”
A grey head of hair bobs up to him as he breaks through the crowd, but he doesn’t spare a second thought to who it could be, just shoves them to the side and takes off at a sprint.
“Dude, we’ve been over this. It’s fine, alright? I wouldn’t have suggested the idea if I wasn’t willing to go along with it. Besides, it’s just while we’re at your parents’. It’s not like we have to keep up the act twenty-four seven.” Cas is nodding along before Dean finishes, but he still doesn’t look convinced, so Dean grabs his hand, lacing their fingers together. “Come on, angel,” he says, dragging his buddy to the door. “Let’s put a ring on that finger.”
“None at all?” Michael asks. He tips his cards up and tosses a few chips into the middle of the table. “I bid eighty.”
Castiel huffs a dark laugh and shakes his head. His nerves are raw, and he’s exhausted, and he can’t find the wherewithal to care what she thinks anymore. “What’s the matter, Mother, tired of your so called friends talking bad about you behind your back? Oh, look, there goes Naomi. A pity she failed to raise her youngest right. At least the other two turned out okay.”
“So,” Sam says as everyone begins digging into their breakfast. The way his eyes are all lit up, Dean knows he’s about to pounce.
Without thinking, he pushes past Gabe and nearly slips on the icy walkway in his haste to get to Baby. As he’s turning the ignition, Cas slides in beside him, and they’re off. He floors it as soon as they’re turned around, and Gabe must have called the main house because the gate is open when they reach it, and since Cas is watching the darkened road to either side and gives him the go-ahead, Dean doesn’t slow down as they whip out onto the highway. Baby fishtails on the slick pavement, but she’s been putty in Dean’s hands for years now, hasn’t failed him yet, and tonight is no exception. She comes out of the turn easily, devouring the road and growling for more.
Apologies for the wait, the holidays left little writing time, but now that the chapter is here...what'd you think? Are we excited?!
“For example,” he licks the edge of his spoon, and Dean’s transfixed, eyes zeroed in on that flash of tongue, “when you dissect the pie, you take it apart piece by piece, starting with the rich, buttery, flaky crust. Watch how it cracks as the spoon presses into it, and see the cherry filling erupt, coating your spoon and spilling onto the plate. Then, as you lift the bite to your mouth, notice the way the light hits the cherries, and smell that sweet warmth. And it is sweet. The cherries are just waiting to explode in tart bursts on your tongue, Dean. They want you to roll their skins around your mouth and swallow them down until there’s nothing left. Observe.”
But Cas doesn’t say a word, just continues to smile in that soft way he has until they’re done with the lights and sneaking into his mom’s house to stuff a ton of gifts from “Santa” under the tree and to drink the hot coffee she’d made for them.
“But what about the employees?” Dean asks. All eyes turn to him, and he straightens. “You said most of them had been there since the beginning, right?”
Swallowing, Castiel nods weakly. “It would appear that way, yes. And my,” he takes a shuddering breath, “my family expects to meet my husband in five days, and he’s supposed to join me at the wedding. I—”
“I’m so happy for you, Dean,” Mary whispers in his ear. Stepping back, she places a hand on his cheek, and dammit, her cheeks are wet, but she’s smiling, and that only makes his skin heat with even more shame than he initially had for lying to her. His mom winces, and she starts to say something, but the words jam up on her tongue.
Naomi’s hateful glare follows Dean as Cas pulls him down the front steps, and he knows what he has to do.
“Later,” Chuck announces from the head of the table. “I wouldn’t mind hearing that story myself, but first we should say the blessing before our meal gets cold.” His expression and tone are kinder than his wife’s, but Castiel knows all too well how his temper can flare up at a moment’s notice.
Castiel swallows and raises his chin. He’s feared this moment for years, and now it’s here. “I’ve worked hard to get where I am.”
Dean lets loose a bark of laughter and wraps his free arm around Castiel’s waist, leaning in to peck him on the cheek. “Now I know you’re lying.”
Dean chokes his friend’s name, and every head in the room turns to stare at the man vigorously towel-drying his hair in the doorway. Slinging the towel around his shoulders, Cas cuts through the room until he and Dean are standing side by side, his bare chest pressing a damp spot onto the sleeve of Dean’s tee, and, oh. Cas guides him forward a step before flicking off the burner with a practiced twist of his wrist.
Castiel barely has enough time to dodge out of the way before the rambunctious child bowls him over on her way to Dean. The other man squats in the doorway and opens his arms wide as she hits him full tilt, and they land in a heap of giggles before Katie pushes up on her forearms and pokes Dean’s chest accusingly.
Cas opens his mouth to reply but seems to be at a loss for words himself as his lips press together.
“I’m always right,” Gabriel shoots back, updating Cas’s contact picture to that of the two Winchesters suited up in Vegas. He should probably change Cas’s last name, now, too, and Dean’s name to, well, his
Dean rolls his eyes and mutters something about Wendy Peppercorn under his breath before shrugging. “Uh…Oh!” He snaps his fingers and rolls his lips between his teeth, holding them there for a few moments before jumping up and striding toward Bartholomew with his nose in the air. “You’ve got a lot of nerve,” he says once the old butler’s gaze lands on him.
, Castiel thinks, nosing along Dean’s collar. He inhales, the motor oil stronger and mixed with the tang of sweat and the faint trace of his deodorant.
“And that was it,” Dean murmurs. He licks his lips lightly and watches as Cas tracks the movement—just like he did at the wedding, dammit—before saying, “I was a goner for him.”
“It’s fucking 2020, I should be able to watch Netflix nude and make brownies without you getting preachy about it!” Chocolate batter spattered across the floor in a wide arc, and Dean huffed before stooping to wipe it up with a towel. The skirt of the apron shifted with the movement, and Sam quickly turned his eyes to the ceiling to avoid certain dangly bits. “Damned quarantine,” Dean muttered. “Ain’t got nothing to do ‘cause even the monsters are staying off the streets.”
His voice cuts off with a tap of Dean’s thumb, and then he and Castiel are back to staring each other down in the hallway. “Weird?” Castiel mutters, reaching up to stroke his thumb over Dean’s cheekbone. It’s shadowed slightly, and swollen. Castiel frowns. “What happened here?”
Despite his own occasional bouts of self-loathing, Dean’s never been one to let others look down on him. If asked, Dean’d probably spout an answer about not liking bullies, the same line he’s used since fifth grade when he stopped Gordon Walker and three of his wanna-be goonies from jumping Mark Reynolds after school—it earned him a split lip and bloody nose by the time Castiel returned from getting Mark and Sam to safety—but Castiel knows it’s because Dean loathes prejudice against or from anyone. His dad was a Grade A dick about certain things (read, anyone in or associated with the LGBTQIA community), and Castiel suspects that’s why Dean tried so hard to earn his father’s approval before his death, but that’s a whole other issue.
Cupping Castiel’s face in his big hands, Dean stared at him long and hard before pulling him up the mattress and holding him against his chest. After a few minutes of just lying there, the only light coming from the bathroom across the hall, Dean sighed and ran his hands through Castiel’s still-damp mop of hair. “You know that’s crap, right? I don’t know much about God or faith or whatever, but nobody in their right mind would punish you for who you are. You’re a good man, Cas, the best one I know, and I need you to hear me when I say that nothing, and I mean
“I’m not sure,” Castiel murmurs. He frowns as he considers it and then laughs. “Actually, I have no idea who she or half these people even are.”
“And I kissed him. Lightly, of course, because I was still anxious to be changing our relationship so drastically, but Dean responded in kind, and…” Cas trails off, gazing into Dean’s eyes with such adoration that it honestly takes him a second to remember that someone should probably say something to break the silence.
Cas cuts him off smoothly, his voice calm and respectful and everything Dean’s isn’t at the moment, and Dean leans into his touch, seeping as much comfort as possible from the familiar weight on his thigh. “As you can see, officer, my friend is shaken up, so if we can just get to the scene and confirm his family is safe…?”
Together, Dean and Castiel manage to carry all fourteen boxes of Christmas decorations down the ladder and out to the Impala and only get stopped by Katie twice, but once she’s assured the boxes contain nothing more than ratty sweatpants and tee shirts, she’s off to investigate something more interesting. Mary winks at Castiel as she steers the little girl away the second time, her grin full of mischief as she promises snow cream and cookies after they eat. It buys the men time to make a game plan for later, and Castiel maps out their Christmas light display on Dean’s neck while making Dean explain in detail how they’ll get to the roof later.
Gabriel just shrugs, his hands in his pockets but with one arm loose enough that Kali can hug it. “Eh, it was worth it. You know how it is.”
“I screwed up,” Castiel chokes, leaning forward to cradle his head in his hands. His sunglasses slide back and slip to the concrete, but he can’t find the energy to retrieve them. Not now. “God, Dean. What am I going to do?”
“What’s going on?” Eileen asks, leading a disheveled Katie in by the hand. Her eyes dart rapidly around the room reading everyone’s body language before coming to rest on her husband. Sam quickly signs something to her, and Eileen’s jaw drops. “You’re kidding!”
Cas blinks and huffs a laugh while rolling his jacket sleeves up to his elbows, his face a shade of red that’s frankly all kinds of adorable. “Touché,” he rasps.
Castiel’s been around. He enjoys sex and how it allows him to express his deep, deep appreciation for the art that is the human body. Every person is different, has varying pleasure points and turn ons, and Castiel draws immense pleasure from unraveling the puzzle with his mouth and hands, so much so that more than once he’s come untouched simply from successfully pushing his partner over the brink. As such, he’s good at reading others, and the way Dean was leaning in back there on the dance floor, Castiel could swear he was going to close his eyes and brush his lips gently against Castiel’s own. Maybe they’d catch on his lower lip and Dean would bite it gently before soothing the mark with his tongue while the long line of his body pressed—
Something like a growl rips out of Cas’s chest, and the next thing Dean knows, he’s seated on the vanity, the faucet digging into his lower spine, and Cas is
“Dunno. They went back to their room together, and Kali stayed behind to do a random walk by later to see if she hears anything, uh,
Kali’s eyes narrow slightly, but Dean can’t tell for the life of him what’s on her mind, and he doesn’t have long to figure it out because she’s turning toward the massive garden and raising an eyebrow. “Shall we?”
Leaning closer, Dean lowers his voice to keep the others from overhearing. “What’s going on, angel? You okay?”
Finally, he gets it. He never did before then, but, thinking back on all their history, on all the ways he and Cas have interacted over the years, all the times it felt like no one else was in the room, like no one even existed outside their intimate little bubble, he sees it.
Ellen showed up to the hospital not long after they'd arrived and nearly tore down the reception desk to get to them. Then, after ensuring everyone was alive and well, she gripped Mary's hand tight and told them they'd all stay with her until Sam's bunch went home and Mary got sick of her. That was... interesting to see but nothing less than what Dean's come to expect from Ellen. She'd all but adopted their bunch from birth anyway, but to think she'd offered his mom a permanent place for as long as she wanted? That went above and beyond anything he could have considered.
“Love doesn’t make sense,” Eileen says softly. “It’s difficult, and even the strongest relationships are tested at some point.” She curls her legs beneath her and lays a hand on Castiel’s arm. “If I was your editor, I’d tell you to run with this plotline, at the very least map it out and see if it has potential, and if it works, great! Sometimes stories take hold of their own reins, and that’s okay. Sometimes the characters know what’s best for themselves before the author realizes what’s happening, and by the time they do, it’s usually too late because all of those little details are already woven into the story.”
“Well, yeah.” Dean rubs at the back of the neck and glances at Castiel out of the corner of his eye. “It still tastes like shit, but it doesn’t smell so bad anymore.”
Sam lets loose a large, booming laugh, and then Dean’s tossing a wadded up paper towel at his face. It’s the first shot in what results to nothing short of a scuffle as Sam retaliates with some bacon—which Dean takes an obscene amount of offense to—and is chased around the dining room and into the hall by his older brother while Eileen attempts to keep Katie in her seat when all the little girl wants is to jump headfirst into the fray.
Katie grows still, her face as suspicious as Sam’s when he’s onto something. Narrowing her hazel eyes, she says, “I didn’t know you take gymnastics.”
Dean sobers. “Especially your tea. I can always smell it when I come through the door after a long day. It’s different than coffee, spicier, and there’s just something about it that makes me feel at home.”
But Father Joshua shakes his head. “You misunderstand me. While it’s certainly not my place to judge a soul, I have a feeling anyone associated with attempted murder won’t be climbing the golden stairway to Heaven, and while their fate may be warranted, it’s still a loss, a sadness, unless they come to their senses.”
Cas’s lips curl, and he raises the stakes yet again. “Too rich for me,” Dean announces. “I’m gonna get food. Anyone want anything?”
“That’s because you’re a stubborn ass.” Both Winchesters spun around as the angel in question brushed by a grinning Sam and made directly for the baker. Stopping just inches away, he continued, “You’re irritating on your best days, Dean Winchester.”
And he does. He breathes in the cool air of the street, drifting snowflakes intermingling with wool coats and laughter, and he allows himself a moment to tilt his head back and close his eyes, to
“I don’t know…he seemed determined to break things off. He said it was never real.” Finally, Castiel meets his brother’s eyes, and he feels oddly childlike, sitting like this with Gabriel. How many times did he go to him for comfort when he was a child? How many times did he look to Gabriel for answers to life’s questions and rely on him to make everything better? Odd how, despite the changes they’ve suffered over the years, they always return to this, two brothers. “How could he say that?”
Scooping up the beers and making his way over to their usual corner booth, Dean’s eyes find Cas’s, and he raises one of the drinks. A woman is already chatting him up, her hands splayed wide over his white button up and slowly marking a colorful trail down to his jeans, and though Cas seems interested, his eyes keep bouncing off her cleavage like the blushing virgin he hasn’t been since, oh, freshman year of college? Or do hand jobs count? Not that Cas had much experience with those either before moving away. The poor guy was too terrified to try much more than kissing before he finished high school and got out from under his mother’s thumb. Well, if Dean knows anything, it’s how to get his buddy to loosen up, and that’s exactly what he sets out to do.
“We—we, uh, don’t know. The fire had already spread over most of the house when we got out, and then the firetruck showed up, and they wouldn’t let us go back inside, and I haven’t seen her yet. It all went up so fast…”
Sam splutters around the mug of coffee Mary dropped into his hands and lays a hand on his little girl’s shoulder. “No, sweetheart. He, um, well, he…”
“If I stay in Colorado, I run the risk of running into Dean again at some point, and I don’t think I can withstand that. The same thing could happen here.”
It’s been steadily snowing for hours now, and where there were signs of other cars earlier in the day, there are now only white dunes piled between a black ribbon road and gently bent pines. In the silence, snowflakes continue to fall onto Baby’s windshield and melt against the glass.
sag a bit before blinking rapidly to clear the sudden moisture from his eyes. “Yes,” he whispers, grinning like an idiot. “We’re okay.”
“Of course not,” Gabriel scoffs. Inclining his head to Eileen in greeting, he takes off his hat—a fedora, Sam realizes with an inward groan—and flashes what he probably thinks is a charming smile that only succeeds to make Eileen more suspicious of him. “I told you I have information, and I meant it.”
him from such an attack—before Katie came along, she taught self-defense classes at the local gym, and she’s put him on his ass more times than he can count—but his instincts scream for him to cover all his bases just in case. It’s irrational, sure, and yet he can’t help but reach out and link his hand with hers, and just like that, his mind clears.
As if this wasn’t weird enough, Mary just had to go and mention his dad, the guy who’d shouted obscenities at a gay couple in the grocery store before marching out to the car with a six year old Dean struggling to keep up. Dean swallows as the memory of his father’s lecture on the car ride home blares in his ears, and his shoulder burns from where his dad had not-so-gently yanked his arm in an effort to get them both out of the store as soon as possible. It was the first time he’d seen his dad truly
Gentler than he was with his own door—and with a subtle caress to the chrome which Castiel perceives as an apology to his beloved Baby—Dean opens the passenger side and pulls Castiel to his feet. “Ready?” he asks, a cocky grin plastered across his face.
Lillith catches Castiel’s gaze and narrows her eyes slightly before curling her lips into a feral grin that makes him shiver. “Yes, it is.”
“I believe it’s referred to as ‘at sword’s point,’” Cas says. He pushes an entire stack of chips forward, and the table groans. “What?”
It’s with that in mind that Castiel centers himself while Michael delivers a long-winded and no doubt rehearsed prayer. When it’s over, the room resounding with a chorus of “Amen,” Castiel pulls Dean to his chest and thanks him for helping him reach that enlightenment with a long and wet kiss. Dean’s frozen for all of two seconds before he returns the gesture in kind, cupping Castiel’s jaw and gently sucking on his tongue, and Castiel doesn’t buckle, but he does groan low into Dean’s mouth. They part breathlessly and stare into each other’s eyes.
Castiel nods and glances up to meet the eyes of what turns out to be a member of the hospital’s cleaning staff, according to his jumpsuit and flipped name badge at least. “You could say that,” he admits.
“She’s fine, resilient like her mom and asking the nurses a ton of questions about everything." His lips twitch, and he rolls his eyes fondly. "She's got the staff wrapped around her finger already."
“Oh, no you don’t!” Patrick wags a finger at the younger Novaks while Dean places his bet. “No colluding during my game, or I’ll throw ya both out!”
Naomi ducks her chin and holds her hands up placatingly. “I only mean that I hope this has been a wake up call for them. If I remember correctly, the Winchesters aren’t religious, so perhaps now they’ll get right with God.”
A few beats later, Dean’s dam bursts. “Cas and I broke up.” Ellen’s hand hesitates a moment, but then she hums quietly, and Dean can’t help himself. “I—I screwed up,” he tells her hoarsely. “It was my fault—all of it—and now I’ve lost him.”
Pushing open the door, an electric bell in desperate need of a battery change buzzed loudly, and Castiel was immediately assaulted with the smells of plastic and rubber and lubricant. A bored sales associate straightening one of the shelves near the counter waved him in while her back was still turned, and Castiel caught a flash of black ink beneath her shirt before he made his way to one of the various magazine racks.
This is more than Just A Drunken Kiss. It’s too much, too big to forget. There will be no moving on afterwards, no more movie nights or takeout, no Vegas vacations or midnight card games in bed. They’ll never again stumble home drunk and spend the night baking hand pies to stick into Dean’s lunch box. They won’t fight over dirty socks left in the bathroom floor or the right way to make chili or hang toilet paper or who used the last of the cereal and didn’t add it to the shopping list, and they won’t get to build that barbecue pit out back like they’d planned or screen in the back deck. Everything is going to change.
“Me, too,” Dean whispers. Cas’s brows pull together, and Dean kisses the wrinkles gently. “Wherever you are, Cas, I’m happy.”
Dean holds Castiel close and huffs a wet laugh into the crook of his neck. They stay like that, simply enjoying the feel of each other’s body against their own, real and whole and solid.
It’s nearly twelve hours from Denver to Las Vegas, but it’s been their vacation go-to for years, and because Dean absolutely refuses to get on a plane, they’re used to the drive. They pull over for lunch just north of Monroe Peak and get rid of the trash they’ve accumulated at the various fill ups along the way, but all in all it’s a pretty straight shot to the Strip.
“You sure about that?” the brunette asks. Casting a look at the men becoming more entangled by the second on the other side of the booth, she quirks a brow and rests her hands on her hips. The move pushes her ample chest forward, and Dean bites the inside of his lip. “He seems to be doing just fine on his own.”
His brother grabbed a couple of oven mitts and jerked them on before pulling a pan out of the oven and all but tossing it on the stove with a bang. “What if I am, huh? What’s it to you? What are you even doing up?”
“I still don’t know how you managed to convince them to make an entire arch out of daffodils,” Chuck laughs.
Dean’s still wide-eyed, but he must find something steady in Castiel’s gaze because he grabs a fistful of Castiel’s jacket right over his heart and shakes the fabric. “Okay.”
A sudden chill runs up Castiel’s spine when Dean steps away, and he pulls his trenchcoat tighter around himself to ward off the winter air. Together, they climb the wide stretch of steps leading up to the porch, and Castiel rings the ornate doorbell set into the brick wall before shaking his head while Dean twists his hips in time to the chiming beat.
Castiel squeezes his eyes shut against the tears he can feel fighting for air and buries his face in Dean’s neck, and he should be embarrassed about breaking down in front of all these people, ashamed even, but as Dean tightens his hold, hands digging into the bare skin of Castiel’s back, he feels none of that. There’s only the gripping anxiety of facing his ultra-conservative family and their pretentious friends and knowing they all see him as a horrible failure, an outlier, undeniably and disgustingly
They’re still laughing when they peel onto the highway, Castiel sitting sideways on the bench seat and keeping an eye on his ever-shrinking childhood home through the back glass while Dean keeps her steady. “You think they know it was us?” Dean asks, glancing up at the rearview.
“Dean?” Sam pursed his lips, unsure if he should broach the subject but also keenly aware that something had gone horribly wrong while he’d slept. “Dean, where’s Cas?”
“Do you?” Dean’s breath hitched, and when Castiel met his gaze he realized his friend had begun tearing up. Shame, hot and fierce, shot through Castiel—how could he put this on Dean—but Dean wouldn’t look away. “Talk to me, angel.”
On his way out, Dean bends down to peck his mother on the cheek and calls over his shoulder, “C’mon, angel. If you’re gonna socialize, then you need at least one cup of the good stuff.”
“Have we ever been that sappy, sweetheart?” Gabe asks, projecting his overly sweet voice so anyone within a five mile radius could hear him.
Dean snorts, choking on his drink and nearly spraying what he managed to get into his mouth all over the tablecloth. Castiel bites his lip and rubs Dean’s back until he’s regained his composure, and they grin at each other while Chuck snaps at Gabriel to be quiet and finish his meal.
“Jesus,” he breathes, chuckling nervously and rubbing at his neck with his free hand. “Old women, huh?”
Kali smiles at him—a rarity for the usually severe woman unless it’s being directed at her husband—and links her free hand with Gabe’s. “Great! We’ll meet you by the fountain after we’ve had a chance to bundle up.”
Instead, he glances up as a few fresh snowflakes start drifting down from the clouds, and soon everyone’s gaze is drawn upward. Kali reaches out a gloved hand and smiles softly when she manages to catch a few flakes, and Gabriel completely ruins the moment by licking it from her hand. The two are drawn into a playful game of chase around a nearby bench, and they continue on into the night until their laughter is mere background noise in the otherwise silent evening.
Dean sees the comment for the subject change it is and shrugs. “Hope so. Why’d we agree to this again?”
He brushes past his friend, but Dean’s hot on his heels, and Castiel is glad that, despite whatever is going on between them, he can always count on Dean to have his back. Together, they box Michael in at the foot of the staircase, and Michael’s eyes widen in alarm before his carefully constructed mask is back in place.
“She made him clean the bathrooms and all the coolers.” Mary takes a sip of her drink and shrugs, but her eyes sparkle. “I went in a week later, and the kid had a job stocking shelves.”
Dean huffs a little laugh and shakes his head. He’s such an idiot. “You’re right,” he grins, giddy at the realization thumping behind his ribs.
“Oh no,” Eileen murmurs. Castiel glances down and sees her shaking her head and smiling fondly at the scene. Biting her lip, she whips out her phone and begins taking a video of the guys fighting, and when Castiel arches a brow at her, she just shrugs. “Blackmail,” she explains. “I’m getting that kitchen remodel if it kills me.”
He says it so casually, like he and Dean wouldn’t have to pretend they’re married in their own house while Gabe and Kali visited, like he hasn’t even considered that fact, like it’s something he says all the time, but come to think of it, he does. Cas has been trying to get Gabriel to come out to Colorado for years using that exact invitation, but he’s always been turned down because of the bakery. Looking back, Dean can see how couple-y the invite is, and it hits him again how no one has been even a little surprised by his supposed marriage to Cas. It almost makes him wanna drop Cas’s hand and put a little distance between them.
Minutes later, Dean’s pealing out onto the highway and burning rubber in the direction of the Novaks’. Distantly, he realizes he shouldn’t be driving at all at this point, not on zero sleep after such a weird twenty-four hours, but this is too important,
He’s just rounded the corner when he’s grabbed and roughly shoved into the half bath in the hall. The door swings shut and plunges the room into darkness, but Dean’s not alone. He can hear and feel someone moving around the limited space, but they aren’t attacking, so he backs up until his butt hits the sink and breathes quietly through his mouth.
loved him. Nothing you do will change that, so you can take your manipulative, egotistical, repulsive compulsion to control me and shove it up your ass!”
“Nothing. It’s just…” Cas bites his lip before continuing, his blue eyes wide. “I love that you got to have that with her.”
“You can’t stay away so long, bro! Let me look at you.” Gabriel smirks and reaches up to muss Castiel’s hair. “Still not as good looking as me, but you do alright. So!” He claps his hands together, rubbing them excitedly. “Where’s this husband of yours?”
Castiel stares open-mouthed at Mary, but then he gets it. Nodding, he pulls out of her grasp and heads to the door where his and Dean’s coats still hang from the night before, and, as per Mary’s additional instruction, he also grabs a couple of thick scarves and joins Dean in the sunlight.
“She’s great, uh, resting at the Roadhouse, you know?” Castiel swears he feels Dean’s entire being relax at the news, and he squeezes him tighter before Dean’s hand runs soothingly up and down Castiel’s back. “So get this,” Sam continues, “I was doing some research, and it looks like you two fall under common law marriage, so I mean, technically you wouldn’t have to go get married or anything because in the government’s eyes you already are.”
“Your mother?” Cas says, arching an eyebrow. “I can’t imagine she gets many unplanned visitors with you and Sam both living out of state.”
Dean’s hand is warm where it wraps around Castiel’s own as he pulls him back toward the house, and for a fleeting, horrifying moment, Castiel thinks he’s going to force him back inside. Fitting, he thinks, seeing as how the rest of his evening is determined to crash and burn, but no, as they near the edge of the yard, Dean skirts the far reaches of the security lights and the hubbub of the party until they’re ducking behind his beloved Impala’s fender. Both breathe heavily, crouched down and shivering from the night air, and Dean peeks over the hood for several moments before slipping back to the passenger door and easing it open. Once he’s crawled across the seat, he waves Castiel inside, and both stay hunched over and giggling—because they’re children, okay—until Dean fires up the engine. Baby comes alive with a roar, and Castiel only glimpses the surprised faces of the partygoers as they speed away from the house and into the night.
Dean shivers and sits down, his entire right side, shoulder to knee, pressing against Cas. “Yeah. He, uh, he tried to hit on me at the bar. Kinda tipped me off, you know?”
He crosses the room in a few quick strides and leads Dean toward the front door by the hand, but before they can make it outside, Naomi runs into the hall and calls after them.
“Me?” Dean gapes at her, taken aback, before leaping off the bumper and clenching his fists at his sides. “I—we thought you were dead!”
not safe for work until Cas cuts him off with another mind-blowing kiss. He feels Cas shifting his stance as if preparing to take the full brunt of Dean’s weight, but then the door rattles on its frame, and they both groan in annoyance.
Castiel can’t help the little smile that tugs at the corner of his lips, and he once again sends up a thanks to the heavens for Dean Winchester. When his silence continues, Dean begins humming the doorbell chime, and Castiel shoves him playfully. “Asshole,” he mutters, grinning at his friend.
Cas’s low rumble drags Dean back to reality, and he surfaces amid gasps of air, blinking back tears and pressing the heel of his free hand to his chest. “I’m fine,” he mumbles, more out of reflex than anything, and judging by the way Cas’s eyebrows quirk, the dude doesn’t believe a word of it but wisely says nothing.
“Oh, sure.” Mary blows gently across the top of her steaming mug, a greying curl falling over her eyes. “You know where everything is. Just don’t unplug the Crock Pot or the roast won’t be done by lunch.”
“I—” Cas’s eyes shine with unshed tears even in the darkness, and he swipes his tongue over his lower lip. “This is—”
“Always,” Cas groans. “Yer always right, an’ smart,” he adds, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. Dean winces when that same hand cups his cheek but indulges his friend’s ramblings for the time being, staring into his big blue eyes and wondering how they always seem to glow, lit up even in the darkness. “Yer so smart, Dean. You don’ know how smart you are.”
Sighing, Castiel stares at the bottom floor of the house and tries not to think about how this will be the last time he sees it. His bags are all lined up behind the couch, and he sinks onto the leather cushions with a groan. Exhausted doesn’t quite touch his current state, but he’s intent on pushing on just a little while longer, so he tries to keep his eyes open by flipping through the photos on his phone. When he comes to one snapped during their last trip to Vegas, he pauses and really stares at it. He, of course, is completely wasted in the photo and is peering up at Dean from under the man’s chin. Dean grins back at him, a swipe of neon paint on his cheek that matches that on Castiel’s fingers where they’re curled in Dean’s shirt.
Dean’s eyes flick down to his band, and he silently berates himself for forgetting. “Shit. You’re right.” He pulls it off and tucks it safely into Baby’s ashtray before Cas does the same. “There. We good?”
He brings his hand up as if to pull Dean closer, but Dean’s faster, batting the hand away while grabbing a fistful of shirt and slamming Michael into the paper towel dispenser. Michael hisses, but Dean’s got him pinned, so he doesn’t have a way out.
is too important, and he’s gotta tell him. He can’t believe he left Cas at his fucking parents’ of all places after a blowout like that. Even if Cas doesn’t feel the same way, they were best friends, and losing a relationship like that is hard enough, but if he does feel the same about Dean, then he’s gotta be in a rough headspace, and Dean has to fix it.
Later, Castiel would look back on his loose lips and be thankful for whatever made him speak his mind, but at the time he just wanted to die on the spot. “Plugs?”
Castiel gasps and uses Dean’s arms both to steady himself and to make sure that this is real, that it’s actually happening and not an elaborate daydream stemming from a particularly bad fall on a patch of ice, but he doesn’t wake up to the others staring down at him—not that waking up with Dean hovering over him would be a bad thing—and he’s not in a hospital bed, so it must be real, and if it is, well, Castiel is only human, and it feels better than anything else he’s encountered in this lifetime, so he holds on, hugging Dean to his chest and returning the kiss. Dean releases a surprised sound from the back of his throat, and Castiel greedily swallows it down as his brain short-circuits.
is or could be if that’s what Dean is pushing for here—to be different, so he presses one last lingering kiss to Dean’s mouth and stops.
And then, watching Cas interact with his family, fitting in seamlessly as he has always done despite now being referred to as Dean’s
Jo’s curse brings Dean back from the brink of too far, and he breaks away from Cas with a breathless gasp. Cas seems just as off kilter, still leaning forward even as Dean blinks at him, but then he seemingly gets a hold on himself, too, because he jerks upright before he can fall further into Dean’s lap.
The rest of the fight doesn’t last long, and Eileen discreetly puts her phone away when Katie slips by her and jumps on top of the men. Mary must have bundled her up because she’s now dressed in her winter gear, and the battle turns lighter as Sam and Dean let her rope them into a relaxed snowball fight.
Cas shrugs and opens his palms in Dean’s direction, so Dean raises a couple of fingers and grins. “Two slices of your best pie, please.”
Soon the two men are locked in a battle of sexy chicken, Cas’s fingers dipping a bit lower beneath Dean’s jeans for every inch he nears Cas’s crotch. Neither seems willing to back out, but then, Cas has always been competitive and Dean’s never known the meaning of the word “quit,” so that’s not entirely unsurprising. His fingers brush the junction of Cas’s groin and thighs, and Cas’s eyes darken.
They hold each other for several minutes, and it isn’t until Father Joshua’s taillights have disappeared from view that Castiel wipes the tears from his cheeks.
Kali snorts a derisive laugh and shakes her head, her dark hair swaying slightly and sticking to her mouth. Frowning, she pulls the piece away and brushes it over her shoulder. “Unbearable. I understand why you maintain as little contact as possible with your parents.”
“Gorgeous?” Castiel whispers, unable to hide the smile slowly stretching across his face or the blush creeping up his neck, but Dean’s also turning a beautiful shade of pink, so at least he isn’t alone. “Really?”
“Oh, no, thank you,” Father Joshua replies. He starts to head for the door but hesitates and turns back. “Castiel, may I have just one more moment of your time?”
“That’s it,” Castiel whispers before running his tongue over the shell of the other man’s ear. Dean bucks into his palm with a hoarse cry, and Castiel pulls back just in time to witness absolute bliss pass over his face.
Castiel closed his eyes against the neon glow of the OPEN sign and braced himself on the chipped metal railing leading up the walk, his throat clicking loudly as he fought to keep his stomach contents in the correct place. Not that there’d be much to come up if he did blow chunks. Once Dean called to let him know their plans for the evening had changed, Castiel’d found himself unable to stomach even a small snack due to the wave of nerves threatening to pull him under.
Mary hums thoughtfully and rolls her lips before snapping her fingers. “Actually, I have just the thing. Ellen, can you watch the food for a minute?”
“Seeing how relationships are supposed to be built on honesty or some shit, yeah.” He raises his chin and looks down his nose before adopting a shitty British accent. “I think I’m entitled.”
,” Cas pauses to stretch out for his phone and flips it around for Dean to see, “we have to be there in an hour. That means we should hurry if we intend to arrive on time.”
Dean laughs, his body shaking and reminding them both that Castiel’s hand is still wrapped around Dean’s dick. It makes his voice break off into a low moan that shoots straight to Castiel’s groin, and how is he already ready for round two? His rebound time hasn’t been this short since he was nineteen. A tiny voice in the back of his mind leans forward with interest and whispers that it’s
“I own my own garage.” Dean beams, the pride in his work written all over his face. “Mostly it’s regular maintenance, but I’ve restored a lot of classics over the years, and that’s what I really enjoy.”
Michael nods in the direction of the polished man that’d been by his side only moments ago. “Dick Roman. He’s the CEO of SucroCorp and one of my most generous donors. I was surprised to run into him tonight, but it was a pleasure for sure.”
The attendant smiles indulgently and pats his shoulder softly. “No worries, but you’ll need to fasten your seatbelt. We’re about to land.”
The warm floaty feeling Castiel has been feeling all day follows him off the roof and into Mary’s kitchen as he and Dean share conspiratorial smiles over steaming coffee, and perhaps it’s that feeling that has him murmuring a request into Dean’s ear on the car ride home. It’s something that’s been nagging at him recently but more so since he and Dean acted on the feelings between themselves. Luckily, Dean obliges, pulling the car to a stop on the side of the road and rolls the radio dial until he finds a crackly old folk song on a local late-night show. His hand hesitates there a moment, fingertips dangling on the old knob, and Castiel catches a flash of tongue sweeping across Dean’s lips in the dim glow of the dash right before Dean abruptly exits the vehicle and circles around to his side.
Michael hums and steps forward, and Dean resists the urge to shift away even as the older man locks eyes with him. “My brother is a lucky man.”
, his mind surely a thousand miles away, so Dean turns back to the window and breathes deep, happy that he could offer his friend a small distraction from the basket of lemons at his feet.
Then Cas drops the towel, and hoo boy, Dean is suddenly painfully aware of the morning wood he’s got going on. Friends or not, Dean knows Cas is hot, and he doesn’t usually have issues acknowledging that fact, but seeing the dude full-frontal while Dean sports a hard on is a bit much, so he rolls onto his belly to hide the evidence in case Cas gets the wrong idea. But then, if anything, the mattress pressing on his junk only adds to the problem. Dean tries to get comfortable while also willing his erection to go down, but whenever he moves, his dick catches a little more friction, and it’s like it
“I will, thank you.” And he means it. Already, Castiel’s mind is working through various scenes and scenarios his characters could play out if he allows them to continue on this path. He hasn’t given them much thought lately, using the Vegas trip as a break that’d hopefully spur new inspiration, but then the whole thing with his mother happened, and, well, at this point, Castiel isn’t even sure if he remembered to pack his laptop, so if he does manage to get a few notes actually written before New Year’s, they’ll have to be on his phone.
Michael is still reserved during the ride back, and Dean sits curled against Cas’s side, but the others hang out the windows whooping and hollering all through town and singing at the top of their lungs when they hit the highway, but by the time the limo gets buzzed through the gates, they’ve mostly settled down into half normal conversation, and as they enter the huge house, Cas hangs back a bit, pulling Dean’s hand to get him to slow down as well.
Sam gestured over his shoulder. “Your tv was on, and I just, uh…” Dean stomped back over to the table and picked up the spatula as Sam’s face stretched in a grin so wide it hurt. “I don’t understand,
“How are they?” Castiel breathes heavily through his nose, lips pinched like his mother’s and muscles coiled tight as he imagines launching himself at her. “They almost lost their lives this evening,
The people around them clap as the band announces they’re taking a short break, but Dean can’t quite bring himself to let go of the guy, not yet. It’s weird, this warmth that’s settled in his chest, curling beneath his sternum and giving his lungs a gentle squeeze, and maybe it’s the alcohol finally settling in, but Dean’s whole body is buzzing, and he swears he can feel Cas’s grip on his shoulder tighten slightly. Dean’s mouth falls open as he lets out a breath, and his tongue automatically darts out to wet his lips. Cas tracks the movement before his eyes widen and his cheeks pinken, and then he’s pulling away and mumbling something about the bathroom, and Dean’s standing there watching his best friend weave between bodies and wondering how he didn’t realize they were leaning into each other’s space.
“No.” It’s broken, a poor imitation of a hoarse cry that hardly makes a sound amid the cacophony of noises surrounding them at the moment, but Cas, being the perceptive bastard he is, catches it and puts just enough pressure on Dean’s chest to send him stumbling back. Dean’s hands fly to his hair, and he gasps once, twice, and a third time before squeezing his eyes shut and praying to wake up from this nightmare. “No, no, no, no, no,” he whispers.
Sam glared at the clock and rolled over, tugging his pillow over his ears as he went. Three nights. That’s how long he’d been waking up to Dean’s tv blaring at some weird hour, and he was done. Quarantine or not, he intended to keep his sleep schedule somewhere within the realm of “normal.”
Castiel smirks as Dean digs out his phone, and once it’s to his ear, Castiel slips his arms around Dean’s middle and lays his head on his chest. Dean’s voice reverberates throughout Castiel’s body, and once again he’s overcome with the feeling that this is where he belongs.
The woman tosses her bra onto the forgotten game and shakes her chest for emphasis. “Oh, they sure do, sugar. They’re worth every penny.”
“Or they’re not really married.” Sam pushes out a harsh puff of air and runs a hand through his hair while again studying the couple in question. Cas is juggling the cardboard cups in his hands, and Dean swoops in to steady him right as one of the bags slips down Cas’s forearm and causes the whole bunch to jostle dangerously. Cas meets the move with a shy smile that Dean returns, and Sam’s brows pull together as Dean’s fingers linger on Cas’s jacket. “So, what?” he asks. “They invented the story? Why?”
Cas places the bite in his mouth and closes his eyes, jaw working lazily around the food as his eyes fall shut, and Dean swears he can see when the cherries burst because Cas’s face melts further, and he releases a short little moan deep in his chest that definitely doesn’t make Dean flush. Without opening his eyes, Cas swipes a finger through the whipped cream on his plate—to the side instead of on his actual pie, again, because he’s a weirdo like that—and sucks it clean with a pop.
“Hey.” When Cas doesn’t say anything, Dean wads up his napkin and hits his friend in the face with it. Cas glares, and Dean points at the food in front of him. “Eat. Drink. Then we’re going out.”
The December air has long leeched the heat from the metal, and the cold easily cuts through Castiel’s jacket to his skin, but that’s nothing compared to the heat singing through his body. Dean seems to be on board with whatever Castiel wants, pushing and groping and writhing above him, and breathless curses spill from his lips when Castiel hooks his legs around Dean’s hips and gives a none too gentle squeeze. Everything is dialed up, the electricity buzzing across his skin, the flashes of freckles and gold lashes between blinks, the sounds of their lips and clothes and skin moving together, the taste of Dean’s
Saturday dawns way too early for Castiel’s liking, especially after the run in with his uncle the night before, but as he stares over at Dean, fast asleep and practically drooling on the soft feather pillow, he’s grateful he didn’t have to endure that alone. Dean has taken every familial interaction in stride with a grace Castiel can’t help but aspire to someday possess.
Dean watches him leave and is so caught up in his head he nearly shits himself when moments later Cas speaks.
“Dean,” Castiel murmurs against the other man’s lips. Dean just hums and slips his tongue into Castiel’s mouth, and while Castiel wants nothing more than to spend the rest of the month in bed with him, the phone is ringing yet again, so it’s probably important. “
Shocked, Castiel drops the badge and runs outside, but the man is long gone. His chest heaves and his fingers flex as he works through the meaning behind this discovery, and he wants to call Dean,
Castiel slides over and shifts until he’s practically in the man’s lap, and thanks to their earlier incident (which they still won’t discuss) he’s acutely aware of each time his fingers brush Dean’s skin. It doesn’t help, of course, that Dean keeps glancing at his face while Castiel works at the tiny button or that Dean’s lips part on a sigh once it’s done. Castiel swallows. “Got it,” he announces.
Cas squints again before folding his arms on the table and leaning forward. “I need to check in with Patrick and make sure there aren’t any last minute details to be taken care of before tonight.”
With the texts comes a fuzzy memory from the night before of a conversation with his mother and an offhanded remark that has him wishing he could crawl in a hole and die. Just to make sure he isn’t hallucinating, that this isn’t all some tequila-induced fugue state, Castiel checks his call history and makes a sound similar to that of a dying cat when he sees his brother’s number from around four this morning.
Cas’s mouth is curved upwards just a hair as his eyes cut toward Dean, and if the way his fingertip just slipped under Dean’s waistband is any indication AT ALL, Cas doesn’t have any qualms about being polite.
Cas smirks. “Can’t you control yourself, Dean? Or do you normally go around popping a semi when you see others eating baked goods?”
Castiel goes through his morning routine quickly, devouring a muffin in record time and washing it down with his coffee before placing a steaming mug on the table at Dean’s head and jumping in the shower. Like yesterday, when he exits the bathroom, Dean is awake, but this time he’s leaning against the headboard, sipping the coffee Castiel provided casually, his eyes only half open and hair flattened to one side.
“Mom?!” Sam’s already on his feet when Dean looks up, and somehow Dean finds the will not to melt onto the bumper.
Pulling into his usual spot, Dean presses his forehead into the steering wheel and breathes a shuddering exhale. Yeah, he’s one thousand percent aware of the friendship he gave up back there, but if it means keeping Cas safe from his family, then it was worth it, and not a damn thing will convince him otherwise. It’s better this way. Cas will move on, meet someone new that won’t hold him back the way Dean has, and he’ll forget all about him. Hell, maybe it’ll be some big-time publisher or something to catch his attention. And Dean…well, he’ll keep on keeping on.
“Yes,” Sam hisses as the others close in. “Whatever you need. I’ll work on them from this end and text you the details, okay? I’ve gotta go.”
Lucifer and the older men laugh at the comment, but Patrick and Balthazar just watch quietly as Cas bows up, his jaw clenched. Dean opens his mouth to say something, but Gabe steps into the center of the room before he can get a word out.
Cas’s breath stutters as he turns into Dean, and something warm and wet drips down his neck, and it feels like someone is ripping into Dean’s chest and pulling his heart out piece by piece. He presses a kiss to Cas’s mop of unruly hair and tightens the embrace until Cas snakes a hand between his suit and shirt and grips him tight.
Shaking, Dean pulls back and takes a shuddering breath before pressing a quick peck to Cas’s temple, and no one says anything—a freaking miracle, if you ask Dean—but a quick glance around the room reveals Sam casting a knowing look his way. His little brother flashes him a thumbs up to which Dean just rolls his eyes in lieu of a response.
“Personally,” he says grinning, “I applaud Cassie and Dean both for being comfortable enough in themselves to openly admit their sexual preferences. Even in today’s society, it’s not always easy to announce to the world that you’re different, isn’t that right, Michael? Being in politics, I’m sure you’ve seen several men too afraid to come out of the closet, so they go around cheating on their wives with other men.”
Mary—soot-covered and still wearing her white nightgown and purple robe, silver-streaked blonde curls reflecting the orange light—is quite possibly one of the most beautiful sights Dean’s ever been witness to. She grills them for information even as the paramedic and EMT determine she needs to head to the hospital, too, and Dean would laugh with relief if he hadn’t been so damn terrified a few minutes earlier. Cas remains a silent but steady presence at Dean’s side through Mary’s interrogation, and she actually pulls him in for a hug before smacking Dean’s arm when she learns he’d tried to go in after her. “Are you out of your mind?” she shrieks. “You could’ve been killed!”
He closes his eyes and rests in the way Cas’s voice caresses his name and waits for what comes next because with Cas, despite his ability to fit an entire book’s worth of meaning into the single syllable of Dean’s name, there’s always more.
“Dean, Dean! Look at me!” Cas grips his face and stares hard at him. “It’s too late. If she’s not out by now…”
When she’s gone, Dean rests his arm over the back of his seat and studies his friend. Cas has loosened up a ridiculous amount since their escape, and his eyes aren’t early as red as they were, but there’s still a hesitancy to his smile, and Dean presses the toe of his shoe against his shin. “How you doin’ over there, angel?”
For whatever reason, probably because he’s the smarter of the two of them, Cas deftly maneuvers out of the question. “Actually, we never got that far. Once Dean found a parking spot, he was all but shaking.”
“No, the Muppets.” Gabriel rolls his eyes and heaves a dramatic sigh while tucking his hands into his pockets. “Yes! Kali and I set the mood and disappeared, and the two lovebirds were sucking face in no time. You’re welcome.”
When the couple finally kisses, loud, raucous cheers rise up from the wedding party, and the crowd joins in kind until Kali is shaking her head good naturedly and Gabriel is planting a wet, smacking kiss to her cheek. He holds a fist over his head and lets loose a yell before tugging his bride back to the house where everyone will gather for the reception. The couple had asked for a few minutes alone before being bombarded with attention, and Castiel can’t fault them for it. If he ever decided to get married, he’d also want that bit of privacy with his husband—spouse—before sharing their new marriage with everyone else.
He glances down at where Dean still holds his hand atop the table, his thumb stroking idly over Castiel’s wedding band while using his left hand to eat—which shouldn’t be so impressive, but it is. Sure, they’re only
Dean wakes to the mattress shifting as Cas rolls out of bed. Despite turning the heat on the night before, it’s still chilly, and he pulls the thick comforter up over his ears. God, he never wants to leave the bed, not at negative ten degrees or however fucking cold it is outside. He drifts off right as the bathroom door shuts, but it isn’t long before he’s again woken by the sound of Cas moving around the room.
They’re good. He and Dean are stronger together—they always have been—and after everything they’ve been through tonight, this can’t be how it ends. Not here. Not now.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean gripes, grabbing some butter and tossing it in the cart. “Yuck it up, asshole. You made pie sexy. Good for you. S’not like it’s hard.”
When he’s finished speaking, Chuck grabs one of the many dishes laid out before them and begins scooping out a portion of vegetables. “So, Dean, what do you do for a living?”
Dean’s expression falls, but in one swift motion, Castiel steps forward and cups Dean’s jaw, bending just enough to bring their mouths together. Dean gasps and clutches Castiel’s sleeve, and then he’s kissing back, his mouth moving firmly and purposely against Castiel’s own, and this, this is happiness. This is right and home and everything Castiel has ever wanted, and it isn’t until he tastes salt that he realizes he’s crying.
“Ah! No! I, I mean, I occasionally join Cas for a session, but it, well, it—it’s not like I make it a regular thing or…whatever.”
Dean chuckles and shakes his head, tossing the covers back and crossing the space between them in two quick strides. He takes the suit and looks it over briefly before squeezing Castiel’s bicep with a wink and a smile, and then he’s hooking the hanger on the doorframe and stripping his shirt and boxer briefs off and humming to himself while starting the shower, his hand outstretched under the spray while his ass is bared to the room, and for the life of him, Castiel has no idea what just happened.
As Mary wraps her arms around Dean’s neck, he splutters indignantly while Eileen begins explaining all the options they have (surrogacy, adoption, and fostering—oh my!), and soon she and Sam are deep in conversation, detailing everything down to renovating the spare bedroom at Dean and Cas’s house into a nursery.
Mary’s eyebrows hit her hairline, and she flings a finger toward the back of the house. “Um, the guy who thought it was a good idea to throw a Molotov cocktail through my window! What? I was supposed to just let him get away?! He came this close to hitting me with it!”
Cheers erupt as they enter Harvelle’s, and Dean hangs his head with a groan. “’Go celebrate,’ she said. ‘I won’t tell anyone,’ she said. Ha! I bet Mom called Ellen as soon as we left.”
The next day, the Impala rolls up to a pair of wrought iron gates, and Dean stretches out the window to stab the entry code into the keypad. Nothing happens, so he frowns and tries again. The third time, he glances back at Castiel in question. “You’re sure it hasn’t changed?” he asks.
Thoughts? Comments? Constructive criticism? Let me know! I'm really enjoying writing this story, and every hit, kudos, and comment is fuel for this writer's soul.
He’s still scared out of his freaking skull, replaying their conversation over and over in his head, and Cas is acting like he’s not sure what to do next once they’re back in the room and staring at the bed like a couple of nervous teens, so Dean takes a breath and reaches across the space between them to give Cas’s hand a gentle squeeze. Grinning, he jokes, “You a top or bottom?”
And just like that, she’s gone. Shaking off the conversation, Castiel stumbles to the toilet and relieves himself before falling back into bed, the phone and its blinking battery indicator forgotten by the sink.
Sam blinks down at his phone before scanning the contents of the attached document carefully, and then his eyes snap up to find his older brother. Dean’s got Katie on his shoulders, and she’s pointing to one of the items on the food truck’s menu while Cas relays her order to the guy inside. They’d decided to do a little last-minute shopping to get Katie out of the house for a while—she was going stir crazy, and he knew Eileen could use the break—and were about halfway done when Dean suggested they all grab coffee or hot chocolate, but then a rack of secondhand books outside an antique store caught Sam’s eye, so he hurried over to take a look while he could, and that was when his phone chimed in his pocket.
“Oh, it isn’t?” Cas asks. His expression is so flat, so reserved, that they both explode into a fit of laughter.
It’s barely a sigh, a raspy breath in the space between them, but there’s a lilt to his voice that conveys everything Castiel is seeing reflected in Dean’s eyes.
“You’ll have to find another route,” the officer says without preamble. No telling who all he’s had to turn away so far.
“Uh-huh,” is all Dean manages, and he tries to subtly shift his body so that Cas can’t tell exactly how hard he is right now, but Cas, the fucker that he is, notices, and the grin that spreads across his face does little to help things.
reason you are alive today is because your father and I allowed it. We gave you life, and you will show us the gratitude we deserve.”
Castiel laughs, but as his eyes fall on his mother across the room, the sound dies in his throat. Naomi’s furious. Apathy, he knows. Nagging, he can deal with, but this…even from this distance, Castiel can see the way her eyes burn and her muscles strain. His father is there, too, but he’s whispering harshly into Bartholomew’s ear and clenching the butler’s lapel in his fist. Bartholomew quickly glances Castiel’s way, eyes wide, but as Chuck shakes his jacket, Bartholomew nods once and hurries away.
to hear how he's jumping to conclusions, but if he's not, if Dean's family really was targeted because of them--
It shouldn’t feel as wonderful as it does, but Castiel thinks he’ll likely replay that word in his memories for many years to come.
Dean nods, picking up the story easily. “It was the little things, you know? Like, one day we were goofing off, and I caught myself thinking, ‘Wow. I could hang out with him like this for the rest of our lives.’”
subject, Castiel opts to focus on the task at hand, namely getting all this stuff outside without a certain little girl seeing. “There’s…a lot of boxes here. Are you sure it’s smart to move it while Katie is downstairs?”
Castiel threads his fingers at the back of his head and sucks gasping breaths through his mouth as he realizes that he’s lost much more than a lover tonight. He’s lost his best friend.
He’s never once heard this woman apologize or admit to being anything less than one thousand percent correct, and frankly, it’s freaking him the fuck out. What is she, possessed? “Come inside. Father Joshua is here to see you.”
As difficult as it is, Dean manages to force joy he doesn’t feel onto his face, and his voice barely shakes when he says, “Me, too.”
“Me?” Patrick pauses a moment before continuing to deal the current hand. “Not a thing. She wasn’t mad at me anyhow. Her old man’s the one who’d been stepping out on her, and I had no idea he was married.”
“They weren’t too happy about that,” Naomi admits, “but Kali charmed them into it anyway, and it’s no wonder. Everyone just loves her.”
He begins mouthing at the bolt of Dean’s jaw, and it’s the break from hot and heavy and rushed to languid sweeps of his tongue against the other man’s skin that allows his brain the oxygen it needs to begin rebooting. Conscious thought comes back slowly, and Castiel
Knowing Cas, it could only be one of two things. Either he’s embarrassed by Dean’s lack of formal manners—unlikely seeing as Dean made an absolute fool of himself over the prime rib last night just to watch Naomi clutch her pearls in shock—or it was the moan which, based on Dean’s memory of that kiss they shared…yeah. That one’s going into the “Definitely Maybe” column.
“No!” Chuck’s pointing at Gabriel now, his face contorted in anger, and the room goes silent. Castiel fists his hands on his thighs and stares at his father, bracing himself for whatever comes next. With Chuck, it could go either way.
Castiel falls into a heap on the other side of the rock wall encircling the courtyard and backs up to the stone before pulling his knees up to his chest. Stupid, he was so stupid. He really believed in—he thought that—
Kali nudges him lightly. “He’s done quite well, although it helps that none of the other cafés stay open past three.”
Castiel nods hesitantly, and he even has the text from his mother confirming as much, though he can’t help but wonder if this is a sign from God telling him to turn tail and run. “Perhaps we should go.”
Eventually he saw the flashing sign up ahead and blew out a slow breath while shifting the car into park. “Just a peek,” Castiel muttered, adjusting his coat. He’d gone for a layered look beneath his trusty trenchcoat in the hopes the added materials would bulk up his frame and make him appear a bit larger than the scrawny underaged teenager he was. If it came right down to it, he could always flash his fake I.D., but that was just a backup plan, a fail-safe in case he couldn’t play his part convincingly.
Cas opens his mouth to say something, but whatever it is gets stuck in his throat, and he quickly glances away. “I wonder if they’re ready yet,” he mumbles before swallowing.
Dean’s eyes flick down to meet Castiel’s and he smirks. “Too bad you showed him up in that department, huh?”
They didn’t talk about it, but by not talking about it, The Kiss to End All Kisses became the only thing between them. It was always there, seated at the table while they sipped their coffee, lurking in the shadows at Mary’s, dancing giddily when their eyes met over dinner, and squeezed between their cold backs as they faced away from each other at night. By not talking about it, they gave it power to grow until it laced every interaction they had with breath stealing, speech stuttering, hand shaking awkwardness that didn’t exist in their relationship before that night, that never had, not even after their alcohol-soaked moments of weakness. And now, in Lawrence’s downtown shopping district, The Kiss to End All Kisses was about to swallow Castiel whole.
“Here, as in, right beside your stinky a—” Dean flinches under Eileen’s sharp glare and quickly covers. “Ankles. Seriously, Cas, scrub ‘em once in a while, yeah? Now, get off me so I can give my sister-in-law a proper hug.”
Both men turn around in time to catch sight of Mary’s hair bobbing as she descends the ladder, and Castiel smiles softly at her stealthy escape. Mary Winchester is many things, and nearly all of them admirable in some form or another, but right now, Castiel is acutely thankful for her ability to sense what each of her boys needs.
. Kali, too, seems smitten by the man standing before her, her mouth dropping open and eyes widening in surprise, but where Gabriel is all rapturous awe, she’s quicker to compose herself and gently takes his hands when she reaches him.
Dean’s footsteps falter as Cas’s voice filters down the hall, and he takes care to move soundlessly the rest of the way so he can find out what’s going on.
Placing his hand on the small of Dean’s back, Cas clears his throat and addresses the others. “Dean and I were married during our trip to Vegas last weekend. Dean never wanted to exclude any of you, but after I expressed concern over my family not supporting a normal wedding, he suggested we make it just the two of us so it’d be fair, and we decided to make a surprise out of it for all of you, but especially for you, Mary. We knew an announcement such as this should be made in person, and we’d planned a much larger reveal, but it seems that ship has sailed.”
stare at Dean’s delicate features, especially after knowing what those lips are capable of. The thought steals all the moisture from his throat, so he swallows heavily before saying, “Of course.”
“I assure you, Mr. Winchester, I have no idea what you’re talking about, but if you’ll be so kind as to enlighten me—”
As he makes his way down the hall, a muted thud to his right catches Castiel’s attention. He stops and strains his ears over the din of the party downstairs, and there, right when he’s about to disregard it as nothing, Castiel hears it again. Curiosity firmly piqued, Castiel quietly eases to the closed door at the end of the hall. The big corner bedroom used to be Michael’s—a perk of being the oldest Novak boy—and even though there are several people staying overnight in the main house, Castiel thought they were all downstairs. No one should be up here now, but then he is, so he supposes someone else may be as well. Still, even if Anna had to come up here to tend to one of the girls, why would it be making so much noise?
The house is positively packed, as if every conservative politician and CEO in the Midwest had descended upon the Novak house for the holiday, but amazingly Castiel and Dean still manage to stand out. Most of the women appear mildly shocked before staring past the couple as if they don’t exist at all, but the men openly glare and hold their wives a bit tighter. Of course, there are exceptions. Kali and Dean share grins across the room, Gabriel flashing Castiel a double thumbs up at her side, and a tall blonde in a velvet trimmed slip of a dress actually appraises them like meat as Lucifer twirls her past.
A few hours later, they’re both covered in glitter and paint and God knows what other questionable substances when Dean pulls his eyes away from the gorgeous brunette in his lap and sees Cas tonsil-deep down some twinky dancer’s throat. The guy is still partially dressed, the pinstripe suspenders vaguely reminding Dean of a performer that’d gone with a Weiner Hut gimmick, but Cas is down to a plain white tee, and the dancer is making a play for the button fly on his jeans.
“Hey, you’re too old to pout,” Dean reminds her, and it’s hilarious to see him trying to be serious when he’s being pinned by a lanky four-year-old, but the child listens to him anyway. Katie nods, but her lips remain pressed together in defiance. “We can’t be here all the time, kiddo. If we could, we would, but it’s only fair that we spend some time with Uncle Cas’s family, too.”
“Yup,” Dean says. He begins ticking off the items on his fingers as he lists them aloud. “Bread, mayo, mustard, a pound and a half of honey ham, your weird ass trail mix, my M&Ms, chips, a case of cold drinks and half a case of bottled, high quality H2O.” He raps his knuckles lightly on Baby’s roof. “We missing anything?”
“No,” Castiel moans, thumbing through the shots. In them, he can see himself—or his doppleganger, which is what he’ll say if these ever see the light of day—engaging in various acts of hedonism with one, two, three… “How many people did I kiss?!”
A voice clears on the other side of the intercom, and it brings both men back to the task at hand. “My apologies,” Castiel says, leaning over Dean to be heard through the open window. He shoots a glare at his friend and earns a finger to his ribs in response. Stifling the small oomph he lets out, Castiel continues. “We’re expected for dinner this evening, but it seems my code no longer works.”
“Dean graciously offered to attend Gabriel’s wedding with me,” Cas says. He smiles warmly and it definitely shouldn’t make Dean’s stomach flip, but it does. “He saved me from having to deal with my family alone.”
Beside him, Dean rolls over and burrows deeper into his pillow, his brow furrowing. “Go to sleep, angel,” he murmurs. “You’re thinking too loud.”
“I’m riding with Mom.” He and Cas lock eyes for a moment, and Cas nods in understanding. He’ll follow in Baby and meet him there.
Something fierce burns in his chest then, overtaking everything and filling him with a righteous fury, and Castiel cups Dean’s jaw again and looks him dead in the eye. “You’re
After Cas nods his approval, they gather the groceries and head up the short walk, rapping a couple of times on the wood and then hunching their shoulders against the biting wind.
Naomi clears her throat and raises her chin. “I understand some of Dean’s family was taken to the hospital.”
The waitress lifts a skeptical eyebrow but continues on wiping down the other tables, and Dean returns to planet earth to find Cas grinning smugly. “What?” he snaps.
He prowls through the quiet house, keenly aware of how deep into the belly of the beast he is, and all he can think about, all he can focus on, are the myriad of ways he could tear the Novaks apart. And he wants to.
Cas smiles at him, his eyes going soft and crinkling at the edges, and the longer he stares, the more Dean itches under his collar. “What?”
At that, Dean cracks an eye open and glares at his brother. “Do and die,” he croaks. “Last time you took her out, you ruined her paintjob.”
“Castiel,” he greets before his eyes briefly flick to Dean. “You look like you’re on a mission of some kind.”
“It’s forgiven.” At his bewildered look, Castiel offers the other man a small smile and explains. “When I accepted your proposal, I also accepted your apology and decided to move on. That doesn’t mean I’ve forgotten what happened, mind you, but I’m actively choosing to move past it and repair our relationship.”
“What are you saying?” Castiel breathes. He wants to see Dean’s expression, but for the life of him, he can’t take his eyes off the ring held up between Dean’s thumb and forefinger. Even in the dim glow of the streetlights outside, the band shines, and this
, that one touch is all it’d take. He’d come up with some lame excuse, a shitty joke to throw Cas off and forget this ever happened.
“I had to guess on your size, and I thought if it was wrong or you didn’t like what I picked out you could choose a different one.”
Castiel stifles a laugh and clears his throat. “Actually,” he calls, “I wasn’t sure if I should take my blue suit or the black.”
“How could I possibly know that?” Tilting his head, Cas narrows his eyes, but his smile gives him away. He’s baiting Dean, and dammit, Dean’s just torn up enough to take it.
Cas turns halfway. It’s just enough that Dean can make out the slope of his nose and the shape of his mouth in the moonlight, and it feels like ages before Cas’s eyes find his.
“Oh, yes. Of course, Mr. Winchester.” She holds up a finger and winks, her stiff demeanor all but gone. “I’ll be right back.”
“It’s nothing,” she says, offering him a soft smile while also visibly fighting back more tears. “I just, I wish your father could be here.”
“I like him,” Sam says resolutely, as if he hasn’t known Cas basically his whole life. Dean just kind of gapes at the giant beside him, wondering where all this is coming from.
Cas slurs out a complaint or two when Dean pulls him upright, but he allows him to slip his arm around his waist and haul him to his feet. “Deeeeeannnnn,” he moans, gripping Dean’s jacket and throwing them dangerously off balance. Luckily, Dean is able to catch himself on the bar before Cas’s weight can throw them both to the ground and flashes his card at the bartender. “Dean, I was ‘aving funnnnn. He’s so swee’, Dean.”
, and they’ve kissed each other before, albeit under different circumstances and having never talked about it afterward, so maybe that’s why this feels different. They’re completely aware of what they’re doing, totally cognizant of every second that passes between the first brush of their lips and the eventual parting—whenever that’ll be, Dean’s not one to rush things—and he has no clue if they’ll talk about this kiss tomorrow or not, and Dean’s not sure if he wants to pick apart the reasoning behind every sweep of his tongue or the way the hair on his arms rises beneath his flannel despite the almost oppressive heat in the bar, and he should be afraid of that conversation, should be ready to jump in Baby and get the hell out of Dodge, but right now, as Cas breathes into his mouth and his hands tighten on the back of Dean’s neck, Dean can’t shake the feeling that he’s exactly where he’s supposed to be.
She leads him over to the same ambulance as Sam, and his little brother leans his shoulder against Dean’s as a solid reassurance while Jody rattles off something about shock.
Heat floods Dean’s face, and he stammers while flashes of their yoga sessions flood his brain. He can recall in vivid detail each time Cas appraised his form or corrected him with gentle but firm hands and how those same hands all but seared his skin. “Cas is a fantastic teacher,” Dean finally manages, pushing up and rubbing the back of his neck. Sam’s eyebrows hit his hairline, and his lips part in surprise while Eileen’s twist into a smirk, so Dean quickly changes the subject. “I’m starving. Mom, I’ll make breakfast. Cool?”
“Seriously? Mom’s on a warpath and had me clean all the food out of the pool house, Loverboy’s taken off to parts unknown, and you’re going with that?” Gabriel sighs then and loops an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, pulling him close and gentling his voice. “It doesn’t take a genius to get the gist of things, bro, but if I’m gonna help, I need to know some details, okay?”
Cas hums thoughtfully but otherwise doesn’t comment, so Dean drops it. Cas will discuss it more when he’s ready, and while Dean’s not usually one to talk about his feelings and crap, he knows Cas is, and if it’ll help his friend feel better, well, who’s he to deny the guy that?
“I admit,” Cas says, “this isn’t what I imagined when Jimmy informed me of what a typical honeymoon entails, and yet, I can’t help but think that this is enough for me.”
“Oh.” There’s a pause, and Cas breathes slowly, tracking Dean’s soul as it moves through the gates and lands just behind the Roadhouse. Jack places a tentative hand on Cas’s back. “What will you do?”
Barely suppressing an eyeroll at another one of Michael’s stories, he shovels a forkful of alfredo into his mouth and quietly moans around the taste. Not too thick or thin, the sauce is freaking perfect, and Dean quickly follows the bite with another. Beside him, Cas’s hand tightens around his fork, and Dean squints at the subtle motion.
Dean sinks into a chair and shakes his head. “I don’t know. I—I wanna be, but…” Cas’s hand covers his, and Dean’s eyes widen slightly. “I don’t know what to think.”
Every movement sends Castiel higher, torturing him in the most delicious way, the thought of what it’d be like to have all of each other just this side of painful. Dean continues whispering encouragements until Castiel rushes over the edge, but Dean’s not quite there himself, so Castiel hastily takes the reins.
Six words shouldn’t be enough to bring a man to his knees, but those would have easily managed it had it not been for the wood under Castiel’s fingers. He squeezes it so hard his skin blanches and the bones of his wrist clench painfully. Through his panic, Castiel manages a weak, “Okay.”
There’s a muffled curse, and then Gabriel’s flopping gracelessly into the snow beside him. “You couldn’t have picked a cozier place to have your breakdown? Jeez, kid, how are you not freezing yet? Now, you gonna tell me what’s got your panties in a twist, or do I need to go all Operation on you?”
“If you wanna get technical—” He’s cut off by a fortune cookie bouncing off his face, and Dean only spares half a second to process the move before he’s tackling his friend. They go rolling onto the floor, and a simple wrestling match soon turns into a food fight when a rogue foot knocks the contents of a takeout carton onto Cas’s back. Their living room turns into a battlefield while the movie continues on in the background, John McClane all but forgotten.
He runs to the bedroom, and it doesn’t once cross his mind that Cas might not be there, that he’ll find anything other than the man he loves while his voice echoes off the walls of the hallway, so when he’s greeted with a made bed and no bags on the floor but his own, something sharp and twisted cracks inside of him. Hurriedly, he checks the bathroom because the guy has to be in the shower or something, right? But the shower is dry to the touch, and there’s no trash in the wastebasket, just the artificial scent of bathroom cleaner in his nose.
Meanwhile, Katie remains utterly clueless as to the context of the erupting chaos around her. She and Sam have spread her new toys around the fireplace and play quietly with the various animals included in her little farm set. They rarely speak, opting primarily to sign back and forth, and a sudden warmth blooms in Castiel’s chest as he watches a member of the family’s newest generation masterfully communicate in an inclusive manner. Hope swells up then, choking Castiel with the thought that maybe in the future, when Katie and her peers grow up and begins taking office, the world will be a little more accommodating, a little more loving, and a little more peaceful.
Instead, Cas uses their interlocked hands to pull Dean in until his forehead is resting on Cas’s shoulder. Long fingers trail up and down Dean’s spine in slow, rhythmic strokes, and Dean squeezes Cas’s hips gratefully.
“But you wanted it to be different?” Castiel swallows and focuses on unlocking the pool house. “I get it, man. You know how Dad would’ve reacted if I’d come out before he died. He’d have had the stroke way sooner. Doesn’t mean I don’t sometimes wish I could’ve told him without being worried instead of staying in the closet.”
the time. It’s just all the crap that goes with it. You know, the hors d’oeuvres and crystal and champagne and God awful classical music I can handle, but the stock market discussions and greasy palms and '
Forbidden words sit heavy on his tongue, and Castiel aches to relay this newest revelation to his best friend, but that same fear from before rises up to break apart the storm clouds before they can reach the lovers. Once more, they’re safe, but the horizon remains uncomfortably grey.
Immediately he dismisses the thought. Merely entertaining the notion causes a swell of nausea to rise up in his stomach, so he can’t imagine going through with the actual act of marrying someone simply because of what they could do for him.
Cas reaches into the basket on the table—Dean’s ninety-eight percent sure it wasn’t there last night, which means someone had to have brought it over early this morning—and lobs one of the muffins to him before going back to plucking at the paper surrounding the base of his own.
“Nothin’,” she murmurs, studying the layout in front of her. Laying a card down, she quirks a brow. “Why? Something on your mind?”
Eileen acknowledges the confirmation with a nod, but she’s still in interrogation mode. “So, are they together now, or do we still have work to do?”
! She’s an innocent! She doesn’t need a wake up call! She needs to be protected from people like the
The waitress returns with two thick slices of warm cherry pie and a can of whipped cream, and Dean’s eyes light up when she sprays a hefty mountain of the stuff on the lattice crust. She’s barely turned away again when he’s digging in and moaning around his spoon, and his eyes flutter open to Cas watching him, a barely there curve to his lips.
“Apparently us,” Sam laughs. Eileen shakes her head, and her hair falls over her face, but he can still see the smile concealed behind the brunette curtain. All these years together, and he still can’t believe that
“Did you get the snacks?” Castiel asks, rounding the hood and peeking through the windows of Dean’s most prized possession.
Sparks light up the night sky behind the treeline that divides the neighborhoods, and Dean curses under his breath as he sees the intermittent flashes of red and blue mixed in. The end of the street is blocked off, but he cruises up to the beat cop anyway and cranks his window.
“All this time,” Cas muses. A gentle smile crosses his lips, and he stares hard at his husband even as the corner of his mouth threatens a full-on smirk. “Dean, I have seen the rise of great civilizations, the creation of countless species, skimmed Saturn’s rings and whispered inspiration into the greatest artists’ ears. I’ve bled and died for the ones I love, and I’ve knelt in the presence of Glory, but I would trade it all to live an eternity in this moment with you. I don’t care about the snow, or the cold, or how we should have reached a beach by now. We’ll get there eventually, but as long as I get to exist in your orbit, I’m more than content. I’m happy.”
“Nevermind,” he says. He sways slightly as he stands but through pure luck manages not to fall on his way to where the light from the bathroom glows through the small crack in the door. Pushing the door open, he squints and slaps his free hand over his eyes until he adjusts to the sudden brightness. “May I ask why you’re calling?”
“You know we don’t do that here!” Ellen Harvelle, in all her glory, appears out of thin air and wraps him in a warm hug.
Curiosity firmly stoked, Sam made his way methodically through the bunker checking first the bathroom and then the dungeon before heading for the library. Dean wouldn’t admit it, but he was as much of a reader as Sam, and more than once he’d caught the older Winchester nose deep in a thick tome in the wee hours of the morning, especially if Cas was around to join him. Luckily, the angel hadn’t left town since the pandemic really broke loose in Kansas, so maybe if Sam found Cas, Dean wouldn’t be far behind.
And they do, eventually, although it’s after a big lunch and sneaking kisses in the kitchen and opening presents where Jo and Ash bestow a way too big stocking full of lube and condoms upon the (supposed) newlyweds. Dean launches one of the travel sized bottles at Jo’s head as she dives behind her mother, and Ellen hooks her hand in the neck of the young woman’s sweater before scooping a piece of ice from her glass and slipping it down Jo’s back. Of course, then Jo shrieks and squirms, a hand reaching back to dislodge the offending cold.
The rest of dinner passes without fanfare, much like it had at first, and soon they’re heading back to the pool house to layer up before meeting the newlyweds.
Both Winchester brothers tumble forward into the snow-covered yard, and Dean wrestles Sam around until he’s on his back and Dean is straddling his waist. “Eat it!” Dean yells, shoving the bacon into Sam’s face.
“It’s nothing,” Cas replies with a small smile. His reassurance falls flat, though, and so does his expression as soon as he realizes Dean isn’t falling for it.
Castiel nods, glad Dean understands where he’s coming from, and pushes open the door. Inside, they’re welcomed by big windows and chilly tile—not a bad combination for the summer, but with snow on the ground it keeps the temperature practically arctic. While Dean drops his duffle on the small breakfast table in the kitchen, Castiel hurries to the thermostat down the hall and turns the heat up to a decent level, breathing a sigh of relief when the heater kicks on and begins blowing in earnest.
Eventually the band stops, and Michael takes the stage to make a speech about the “reason for the season” and allude to the upcoming election, and then he asks everyone to bow their heads as he leads them in a prayer.
Her fingers hesitated only a second before she bagged the magazine and put it on the counter. Then, catching his failed attempts to not look at the toys, she tilted her head and eyed him curiously. “You sure? Everything on the bottom three rows is on sale. We just got in a bunch of new plugs, so we’re trying to get rid of the older stuff.”
“Morning, Uncle Dee! Daddy says you’re gonna hurt your back sleeping on the couch ‘cause you’re too old.”
Rubbing the back of his neck, Dean nods. “You’ve had enough on your plate this week without worrying about this, too. I just wanted to help.”
be what your brothers are to us,” Naomi calls as they near the front door. Dean can’t remember moving, but he must have, and now—
Castiel pulls the door open, stepping aside just as Dean falls through. Crossing his arms, he fights the urge to outright laugh and instead furrows his brow. “What are you doing? We have to be on the road so we don’t hit traffic. Now are you ready or not?”
Sam stuffs his hands in his pockets and grins down at him. “Like I said, you and Cas are good together, and you’ve got my support no matter what. I’m happy for you.”
Dean frowns and jabs the buzzer beside the intercom speaker, and soon—too soon for someone not to have been standing beside it, Castiel realizes—a tinny voice answers. “Novak residence.”
“I understand,” Cas says, “and we won’t interfere with the work being done, but he needs to be there in case his family is transferred to the hospital.”
Cas’s eyes—those beautiful, crystal clear pools that have always been so easy to lose himself in—harden, and he crosses his arms defensively. “All this time,” he growls, and fuck if Dean won’t miss the way his voice vibrates in his ears, “and you don’t know me at all.”
“I would,” Cas growls, “but not before I took you apart slowly, gradually, and worshipped you the way you deserve.”
Pursing his lips, Dean slowly raises his coffee to his mouth and takes a long drag while maintaining his glare, and then, after Cas pointedly clears his throat, Dean shrugs and pulls Katie on down the sidewalk while she skips across the cracks. “C’mon, kiddo. Let’s see if we can’t find a candy shop around here.”
Mary just laughs and shakes her head. “I know I usually have it ready for you boys by now, but I’m not as young as I used to be. This year’s been colder than normal, and it’s really started to mess with my arthritis.” Her mouth twists, and she puts her hands on her hips, glaring into space. “That made me sound like an old woman, didn’t it?”
Smiling, Dean pulls Cas closer so that their chests are pressed against each other while they sway back and forth. “Thanks, angel.”
“Yes! Whoo!” Dean jumps up and attacks Castiel with another wet, smacking kiss, and they’re so caught up in their excitement that they almost miss Dean’s ringtone blaring.
“See?” he breathes into Cas’s mouth. He licks his lips, and Cas’s eyes pop open, tracking the movement while his chest heaves. Ducking his head so that their lips brush with each word, Dean locks gazes with Cas. “Don’t dish it out if you can’t take it.” He pulls away, going back to the cream cheese and retrieving an eight ounce stick of the store brand from the shelf, and when he turns back around, he plasters on the same smirk Cas wore earlier.
She points out one of the fresher pieces of duct tape on the side of a box, and Castiel can’t help but grin at her ingenuity. “Mary, have I mentioned lately that I love you?”
“Coffee run.” Dean scrubs a hand over his hair and pushes down the flare of warmth in his chest. Cas had been there the entire time offering quiet words of reassurance and gentle touches, and Dean should have been leaning into him,
Castiel ends up getting booted out of the kitchen after his second cup makes him brave enough to try and tell Dean how to fry bacon, so he joins Eileen on the couch and engages her in conversation. He does his best to sign as much as he can while he speaks, but his ASL is a bit rusty. Luckily, Eileen takes pity on him and signs as well as gently correcting his motions while discussing her take on the latest manuscript to cross her desk without giving away specific details.
Dean instantly brightens and tugs Castiel toward the house. Once inside, he follows the signs—which in Castiel’s opinion are ridiculous but admittedly useful to strangers in a house this large—to the bar in the kitchen and pours them both a finger of whiskey. “Now,” he says, pushing the glass into Castiel’s hand and clinking it softly against his own, “you can drink to that.”
Cas’s frown deepens, and he glances first at their feet and then away as a blush creeps up his neck. “…No.”
Dean squints at the guy in front of him and waits, but it looks like Gabe’s waiting for actual confirmation before he keeps going. “Okay?!”
“Jesus.” A flush washes Dean’s face in a deep pink, and he blinks down at their hands. “You really know how to put a guy on the spot, you know that?”
,” he growls. “I’ve never wanted to have more with anyone else, but you—” Castiel huffs, rolling his lips and glancing up at Dean. “I think I’ve never wanted more because I always wanted you.”
Everyone shifts slightly, but Patrick just keeps dealing, nodding to Gabe. “Do ya mind? It may be important.”
“Yeah, yeah.” He tries to sit up but finds his legs and feet inextricably tangled with Cas’s and the large quilt they robbed from the hall closet the night before after deciding to camp out on the couch instead of driving back to the Novaks’ at two in the morning. Cas’s mouth hangs open on a snore, and his arm is slung back over the end of the couch, so Dean digs his heel into Cas’s ribs until the man rolls onto his side. “Cas. Time to wake up, dude. Family’s here.”
“Yeah, I bet he was,” Dean grunts. After he settles their tab, he steers them outside, nodding at the security team as they pass. “You gonna marry him?”
who attempted to take her life tonight!” His voice rises with every word, and somehow Castiel ends up on his feet, standing over his mother. Her eyes waver for just a moment, a small crack in her otherwise impenetrable armor, and Castiel’s nostrils flare as he comes back to himself. Retaking his seat, he glares at her. “But Katie’s a Winchester, and that means not even fire can take her down.”
Cas furrows his brow and cocks his head as she puts low ball glasses in front of each of them. “Why?”
Biting back a groan when the brunette plants her hands on the floor and twists her hips just so, Dean reluctantly taps her hip and waits for her to climb off him before apologizing. “You were doing, uh…” He huffs and grins, the sight of her bare chest reminding him of exactly what he’d just stopped. “You’re amazing, really, but if I don’t get my buddy out of here, he’ll do something not-so amazing, and someone’s gotta watch out for the dude.”
Tossing the towel over his shoulder, Dean stares questioningly at his best friend. “What do you mean?” Cas just sniffles, and, yeah, Dean needs to get him into bed ASAP. The shower may have sobered him up enough that he’s not slurring
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Dean says innocently. “I mean, it’s not like you can blame me for everything you did last night. As a matter of fact, I kept you from being taken advantage of, so really, you oughta thank me, man. Plus,” he whips his phone out, swiping over the screen before handing it over, “I took pictures.”
“So you did.” Cas leans in close enough that Dean can smell the body wash clinging to his skin, and Dean swallows as Cas whispers, “Do you trust me?”
Castiel takes a deep breath and shakes his head. “No, I need to face them. Better now than at Gabriel’s wedding.”
After whatever the hell happened between Cas and Michael back there, Cas took off, heading straight through a side door into the cold air and breaking into a sprint once he reached the edge of the perfectly manicured yard. Dean chased him out, falling behind bit by bit as he cursed his dress shoes for not providing him with a smidge more traction so he could at least keep his best friend in his sightline.
Once Cas gets confirmation that they’re good to go, he makes quick work of his muffin and washes it down with the remnants of his coffee. Then Dean tugs a black beanie onto his head and instructs Cas to do the same before they head out.
“That’s because he was the first to taste real rebellion, and he’s never been one to do anything halfway.”
Castiel blinks, slowly taking in the seat back in front of him and the hand on his shoulder. He rolls his neck and comes face to face with a pretty flight attendant. “Sorry,” he murmurs, swiping at his mouth to clear any possible drool.
how he wants it to get a little deeper, chasing this yearning, this taste, this essence he’s yet to fully experience. Teeth clash as Dean attempts to reassert his dominance, but Castiel doesn’t give in easily. Just like at dinner earlier, when he’d had zero intention of taking things all the way, he coaxes Dean into submission and grins when the other man finally lets go because this, Castiel is good at.
Of course, that peace shatters into a thousand tiny pieces moments later as his phone buzzes to life after he disconnects it from the power bank he brought with them. As he swipes the various emails and social media notifications from the screen in order to get to the texts at the bottom, a growing ball of dread curls in the pit of his stomach.
Closing his eyes and pulling a deep breath through his nose, Castiel replays the memory, desperate to find any reason why it felt like he and Dean were about to—to—
“What do I…?” Dean’s fists pound heavily on the door. “Have you lost your mind? Come on, angel! We gotta—"
Jack’s brow furrowed, and he inhaled sharply. “I don’t understand. It’s barely been six months on Earth. Why now?”
Dean stopped, his breath shaking on an inhale, before continuing to dry him off. “Don’t say that,” Dean whispered. “Don’t ever say that unless you mean it, and if it ever gets that bad, you tell me first, you hear me?”
“It’s to be expected,” Cas says with a shrug. “His ideals mirror my parents’. It’s why they hired him in the first place. Can’t have some crazy person caring for impressionable children.” He pinches a piece of muffin between his thumb and forefinger, squinting at the food like it personally offended him before dropping it with a sigh.
“Castiel.” Mary rarely uses his full name, so it automatically makes him throw on the brakes and listen. Taking his hands, she smiles softly before reaching up to brush his hair off his forehead in a gesture so maternal it makes his chest ache. “Go play,” she repeats. “You have to learn to take advantage of the little moments while you can because they won’t always be there. So, go. Make memories with your husband. The dishes can wait.”
The four bedroom, two and a half bath house was probably more than he and Dean needed when they went searching for something bigger than their apartment, but with their brothers visiting every few months and Castiel trying to get his first manuscript finished, they couldn’t deny having the extra rooms would be more helpful than not. The siding used to be a faded bricklike color, but Dean insisted they paint it a dark blue almost immediately after moving in, and after that was finished, they got to work on a deck for grilling and hanging out in the hot tub.
Mary folds her hands under her chin, gazing at them from the head of the table. “I’d love to hear about it.”
Naomi huffs, and Castiel takes momentary pride in throwing the normally cold woman off balance for once. “Well, I’ll be sure to make amendments in the arrangements, though I can’t imagine why you failed to mention this information earlier. It would have been immensely helpful before now. Perhaps if you’d check in with your mother once in a while, I’d know these things. I’ll see you in a few days, Castiel.”
Castiel closes his eyes against a hazy memory of laughter and spilled beers and hands gripping strong thighs as someone playfully dunked him beneath the foam. He should have known. They both should have seen it, and how they didn’t realize other friends didn’t play like that is beyond him. Looking back, it’s painfully clear to Castiel that he at least held Dean separate from the rest of the world. As for Dean, well, Castiel isn’t sure he ever knew the man at all.
He and Cas made it through the dinner relatively unharmed, though they did somehow end up seated on the far side of the ballroom from the rest of the family, and when Cas got up to make his awkward speech, Dean gave him a thumbs up despite most of the jokes falling flat. The socialites at their table weren’t up for much small talk with the gays, he supposes, but at least he tried to turn the Winchester Charm on ‘em, and he thinks it might have worked until Michael sauntered up and began shaking hands like the politician he is.
“Dean, he’s…” Cas groaned and pressed his temple into the rough bark. It wasn’t the first time he’d felt this pain, but that didn’t make it easier to bear. “He’s coming.”
“No,” he says solemnly. “I’m joking about this and your proposal. Go away and leave me alone.” Rolling his eyes, Castiel pulls Dean into a kiss and mutters against his lips. “Of course I’m serious.”
Sam watched his brother work, carefully avoiding his bare ass when he turned his back on him because yeah, that’s more than he wanted to see, but when was Dean ever so willing to talk with him? Hazel eyes fell on an uncapped bottle of black label in the corner, and he watched as Dean took a swig. Okay, so maybe his emotional gates were a bit…lubricated. Still, he wasn’t stumbling around and still appeared mostly clear-eyed, so he couldn’t be too far gone yet.
“Want you,” Dean breathes, head thumping against the wall. Cas runs a tongue along the shell of his ear, and Dean squeezes his eyes shut. “Please, Cas. I—I need—”
Cas snorts a laugh and shakes his head before going to inspect the wall of spices. The fluorescent lights overhead shouldn’t make anyone attractive, and yet the shadows only highlight Cas’s sharp jawline and long lashes. Dean scrubs a hand over his own jaw and shakes his head at himself. He must still be wound up over the pie debacle. “You should at least text her to let her know we’re coming.”
Dean shrugs, still grinning. “I got no idea. I tried to get pictures of all of ‘em, but you know how that goes. I mean, one second you’re getting a lap dance, and the next you’re climbing on the bar and giving the dancers a run for their money.”
Dean cups Castiel’s face with one hand for a moment before lightly tapping his cheek with the other, and then he’s moving away from the shelf with an ease that hasn’t been in his gait since they walked into the Roadhouse, and Castiel watches him steal Katie away from her dad and throw the girl over his shoulder while Sam releases a long-suffering sigh and chases after the two, and for the first time since Jo pointed out that God forsaken poison hanging over their booth, Castiel can breathe again.
It’s not a conscious decision that leads to him stepping forward like he does, but somehow Dean finds himself thumping chests with Cas and inhaling the breath that’s punched out of his friend when he pulls him in. Cas’s fingers circle around Dean’s biceps in a bruising grip, and he half expects the dude to shove him away, but Cas is pulling him closer and moving his lips against—
It’s a gentle sort of thing, as comfortable in its familiarity as it is alarming, and Castiel closes his eyes and drowns in it, letting himself just exist in this perfect moment for as long as he is able. It’s something he doesn’t dare speak of but can feel with every breath. He’s more sure of it than anything else in this life, but he can’t bring himself to say so for fear that it’ll be snatched away, though he suspects Dean’s already put it out there, and Castiel would be lying if he said he wasn’t expecting the rain to come crashing down on them both as a result.
Cas hums beside him, propping his chin on his fist, and smiles softly. “I wonder why she didn’t sand them down before applying fresh lacquer.”
“No?” Dean spins and advances on his friend. “Then how about you enlighten me, huh? Since you know everything, Cas, how about you tell me how I fucking feel!”
Dean spares a moment to brush a wayward curl off of Cas’s forehead, and then he rises into a back-popping stretch, thinking that maybe he’ll use one of those frou-frou scented hotel soaps to work up a good bubble bath once he gets all this damned paint off himself.
With that, he turns to the couple still standing in the doorway and gestures for them to get a move on. “Well?” he asks. “Big day tomorrow. I don’t have all night.”
“Jesus, Cas,” Dean had huffed as dragged Castiel into their apartment. He immediately stripped Castiel of his hoodie and long sleeve shirt and pulled him into his side before leading him to his bedroom and instructing him to lose his jeans as well.
“I’m sure they have other plans anyway,” Michael agrees. “Don’t go too hard on him, Castiel. Wouldn’t want him so sore he can’t walk right tomorrow.”
The corners of Cas’s mouth curl ever so slightly as he begins tapping away on his phone. The plan is to set up shop in a backroom poker game for Gabriel’s bachelor party, and Patrick, one of Gabe’s longtime friends, says he can get them in no problem. Dean’s never particularly cared for the guy—too slick for his tastes—but if this comes together, they’ll have the perfect place to bomb Gabriel with the stripper-gram they have planned, and then things will really get rolling.
For lack of a better plan, they make their way to Baby and climb inside, but Dean can’t actually go as far as starting her up. Cas is sitting there, tie loose around his neck and hair a mess and leaning into Dean’s side, and he’s gotta be waiting for Dean to take them away from here, from all of this, but he—he can’t.
“I could be of assistance if you wish. I was essential in helping Jack map out the new Heaven, so I’m as intimately familiar with the atoms of this plane as those of your body and soul. Perhaps if we just pulled over—”
As he makes his way down the short hallway, Dean’s greeted by the smell of coffee wafting in from the kitchen, and he makes a beeline for the cup already sitting by the pot. After taking a sip of the perfectly warmed liquid gold, Dean raises the cup in greeting. “Thanks, angel. Ooh, toss me one of those, would you?”
Michael runs a hand over his dark hair, his oily smile making Castiel’s stomach flip. “Yes. Our meetings are always a bit of a wild ride, but it’s worth it for the end result.”
“Yeah, I know, man. Perks of being aromantic. You think you can—” Cas lurches forward, hurling the contents of his stomach onto the sidewalk and causing a few passersby to jump out of the way with a litany of colorful complaints. “That’s it. Okay.” Dean rubs soothing circles into Cas’s back. “Let it out. Better here than on the hotel carpet, am I right?”
Cas is silent for a long time, long enough that Dean thinks he probably won’t say anything at all, but then his phone is ringing, and before Dean can react, Cas has pressed it to his ear and disappeared down the corridor, and the rock in Dean’s gut sinks a little lower.
“It’s not,” Dean says. “Dying like that was—it was an accident, a stupid one, and Sam couldn’t have saved me if he tried, but this, here? When I heard you were alive, I had to find you, so I could tell you. I had to—” He swallows, raps a fist over Cas’s heart. “I love you, too, you idiot.”
A deep flush spreads down to his mother’s pearls, and she opens her mouth—presumably to tell Castiel
“Hey, sweetheart,” Dean greets, sliding into the booth and passing a beer to Cas. He has to raise his voice to make sure she hears him over the music, but that’s okay. It’s not like they’ll be having a full-fledged conversation. “What’s your name?”
“I think so, yeah.” He pauses in washing his hands just long enough to make it seem as though he’s mulling the question over before saying, “Yeah. Honestly, I’d never seen him really glow until we got together, you know?”
He nods and hesitantly glances over his shoulder as Ellen lowers her weapon. “Are you in the habit of welcoming people with a gun to their back, or do I get special treatment?”
They break into laughter, their bodies shaking with the force of it, and Dean wipes his eyes before gesturing at Cas’s jeans. “Come on, angel. Lose the pants while I start the shower.”
Sam opened his mouth to reply but found he had no words for the scene in front of him. His brother scraped the sides of the bowl, bare chest flexing under his plaid apron. A fine dusting of flour coated his forearms as well as the table around him, and a multitude of baking ingredients had been pulled from the cabinets and were currently scattered across most available surfaces save for where a couple of square pans were lined up and waiting. A timer went off, and as Dean turned to silence his phone, Sam’s calm demeanor shattered.
Father Joshua, always kind, always patient and loving and gentle, turns and smiles at Castiel. “We didn’t have an opportunity to talk at the wedding,” he says. “How have you been, Castiel?”
It does the trick, as Cas huffs a laugh down at the floor and pulls Dean to his chest. His arms wind around Dean’s middle, and it’s warm there, wrapped up in the man, and Dean can’t help but wonder why he’s never tried this. “Wouldn’t you like to know?”
Naomi purses her lips, steel eyes damning in the silence before her voice whips out to strike him. “How are they?”
Mary reaches over and pats Cas’s cheek affectionately. “I’m sure they’ll come around eventually. They just need time. Now, what are we baking?”
A sob racks his frame as the Impala’s rumble fades into the night, and it’s the sudden thought that he may never hear the beautiful sound again that makes Castiel want to pull out his phone and call Dean, beg him to turn around, to come back. He’d take it all back, say he was joking, that of course he doesn’t love Dean like that and never has except for as friends, maybe brothers. Then he’d throw their bags into the car and grab breakfast at the diner in town—waffles with all the toppings, a stack of hashbrowns, a couple of fried eggs, and bacon of course because Dean has to have bacon with his breakfast or it doesn’t count. They’ll laugh the whole thing off and pretend it never happened, except…
“Honestly,” Naomi says, a hand laid delicately across her chest. “I don’t know where we went wrong with that boy. Michael turned out perfect, but the other two?” She sighs and shakes her head as if Cas isn’t sitting mere feet away. “I can’t figure it out.”
“Who, me? I’m offended you think so, sweetheart.” Tossing his phone off the bed, Gabriel rolls onto Kali and growls into her chest. “Allow me to remind you how very
Kali leans in and actually speaks at a somewhat normal level. “He insisted on a joint party, said it’d be less stuffy than the reception last night.”
