But now Dean can’t—not now he’s seen how happy Castiel is in Scotland, not now that he realises a relationship with Cas would eventually entail Cas moving back to the US—and Dean can’t force that on his friend. And he can’t move out to Scotland—not while Sammy’s still recovering, not while Ellen’s going through radiation therapy, not while she’s recovering from it, either. And Dean can’t take another break from work like this, this long, not for a while at least. God, it feels like he’s stuck where he was ten years ago, except now he
“Oh,” he says quietly, suddenly understanding. Dean turns in the bed so that he is facing Cas properly. Castiel's looking down at the sheets, drawing gentle, coiling patterns across them with his index finger. A smile flickers uncertainly, distractedly at his lips. “Well, as you’d expect of Judaism, there isn’t one clear answer.” Dean sags with disappointment. “Mostly, I think Judaism is—as much as possible—about building heaven on earth. The scriptures don’t talk so much about ‘how’ to get into heaven, they talk about how to live righteously in this life—”
“What was Cambridge like?” He asks, instead of focusing on what Cas has just said, and inevitably overthinking it.
Michael replies shortly. He doesn’t make eye contact with Castiel, but instead stares out ahead of himself—Castiel wonders why this is; usually when Michael is avoiding Castiel’s gaze, he looks down, to the ground, almost ashamed. But not today, apparently.
He avoids eye-contact, gaze flitting up for a moment to meet with startling azure-blues, before he has to rip his look away as quickly as he had cast it. Cas’s eyes regard him with such a cool, removed indifference, it makes Dean’s heart break all over again. Like Dean shouldn’t even be here, like Dean has no
“As much as I love my home, I greatly dislike having to go without talking to you,” Castiel states honestly, and Dean bites his lip and thanks the heavens that Castiel can’t see how red he’s going. “There are few things I enjoy more than your company.”
“He’s certainly in high demand, but I think he wants to make sure I’m learning everything he deems necessary in combat,” Castiel explains, shrugging.
What a beautiful name. Hadn’t he dreamt, hadn’t he dreamt of saying it, late at night, into the angel’s ear? Whispering it as they lay coiled together—God. This was a dream Dean refused himself. And now he finds, Cas was dreaming, too.
Dean writes and tells Castiel that John grows more and more distant. Dean doesn’t know why, thinks he has done something terribly wrong, is wracked with guilt. He says that he is having to pick up more and more duties around the castle. Bobby seems more worried for the King’s condition every day; his father drinks more nights than not. Dean found him sobbing in the main hall on his throne, and that when Dean tried to remove him, John lashed out, hitting Dean, before breaking down again and apologising profusely at Dean’s feet.
This one stumps the writer a little: there are so many. The first time they met, Dean and his mom bringing cookies to welcome them, turning somersaults in the garden and teaching Dean about flowers and bees. Going to the Winchester’s for dinner that night and bouncing on Dean’s bed. Eating latkes that winter with Dean and teaching him about Hanukkah. Building a fort in Dean’s bedroom out of blankets and pretending they were in a castle under siege, pretending they were scared, pretending they were brave with each other. Stories about dragons. Splashing in the stream in the forest. Going on adventures in the garden. Going to kindergarden and being afraid. Dean making Castiel not afraid.
“I hadn’t noticed,” Mary frowned gently. “You’re known to flatter?” She asked, pretending to be confused.
“End of conversation,” Dean stands up, taking a trembling breath. He doesn’t mean to shut his brother out—except he does. And he hates himself for it. But then, he thinks, hates himself anyway.
“Yes,” Dean frowns again, scowling at the Angel, something defensive is twisting tightly inside him along with his nerves.
“Good thing I have so many names for you. You’ll always remain powerful. At least a powerful thing, in my heart.”
“I know.” Dean swallows. He steels himself. There is a silence. A tense, anxious worry strikes deep into Dean’s gut as a particular thought crosses his mind. “How am I going to tell Sammy?” He looks up at the two men. “Would marrying one of them—would it mean leaving him all alone, here?” He asks, searching first Bobby’s, then his father, the King’s, eyes.
?” He asks, scowling at the Archangel and punctuating his last words with a slam of his closed fist on the thick table. “We’re out. Done. Finished. This is your war, now—it always was. If you understand, you can leave.”
“—We do not know the nature of the mark or its effects on any lives born under it!” Michael exclaims. “
And now that Dean knows Castiel to be so steadfast, how could he feel any curl of jealousy, any bite of resentment? He can’t. Love is not possession. Cas told him this, once. Not in having, not in owning. Love is being met with. Two travellers meeting on mist-smeared hills. And Cas’s gaze meets with his, one half of those two travellers. It does, doesn’t it? It does?
phoning home.” Balthazar shuts the door of the balcony behind him. “Now,” he takes Dean by the shoulders and pushes him forward, “go. Socialise. Get some new contacts.
and not someone—just—someone. You know?” Dean asks, looking out the window, certain that this doesn’t make any sense.
to say; but love should be simple—which is why, perhaps, he and Cas could never last, anyway. They were both to knotted together to work out. They needed fate to untangle them so that their lives could run alongside one another, again.
he thinks, radiating the thought in his brother’s direction. Sam seems to pick it up, because he looks up at Dean innocently, but there’s a deep cunning smugness beneath it. What’s he planning? Dean tries to radiate thoughts of
“It’s not that,” Dean shakes his head quickly. “I’m just—I’m not thinking about that—I’m happy, anyway.”
He peers out onto the corridor, again. The guards have disappeared, all of them gravitating to the direction of the noise. Dean flits into his brother’s room, gazing inside, but Sammy is still fast asleep and this, at least, floods Dean with an overwhelming sense of relief, despite the anxious heart trembling inside the confine of his chest.
“Good point,” he assents. The lavender seeds send tendrils of steam to unfurl happily within his lungs. “Tell me more about lavender,” he says, and closes his eyes again, and tips his head back as behind his eyelids, the soft lapping flames in the hearth flicker ruddy and gold.
And he realises with a terrible jolt of his stomach that he’d thought he was over Dean, was no longer in love with him, hadn’t loved him for nine whole years, was over his childhood crush and was on an open road unfettered by tedious matters of love undying and the belief in unrequited soulmates.
He doesn’t think Cas is going to answer him, for a moment. But then the Angel’s eyes spark with a soft warmth, and although they still leave Dean raw as they shatter through him, they burn him hot and cold, and he feels something warm and calm curl around his heart.
the words which Castiel wrote at a time he couldn’t quite articulate his love, or thanks, to Dean in their entirety.
“A Demon named Abaddon,” Crowley’s tone turns unexpectedly bitter, here. “Who I can’t say I get along especially well with—so unsurprisingly, she won’t be joining us, today… Pity, I’m sure you’ll agree, but I expect we’ll get by, just about.”
“Oh, no—it wouldn’t be an inconvenience. That’d be fine,” Dean smiles, his heart hammering almost painfully against his ribcage. “—That’d be great, in fact—” Dean cuts himself off. Holy shit, he acts like such a clown around this Angel.
“Are you alright?” The shepherd asks, catching something in Dean’s expression which must give away how adrift he feels.
“No problems here,” He smiles emphatically. Dean flushes. Now he thinks he understands what it’s like having an older brother around to embarrass you all the time. Was he ever like this with Sammy? Is this karma?
He and Dean have ventured no further than this: kissing and maybe using their mouths to pleasure the other, or hands—but nothing more, though Dean has hinted that he should like to go further, do more,
Castiel can honestly tell Dean likes the food. But he doesn’t say this. He watches Dean shovel course after course into his mouth, only taking a few small mouthfuls from each one, himself. There are soups and pies and meats of all kinds—far too few vegetables for Castiel’s liking, although Dean explains that to Humans they are considered a peasant’s dish and so are generally avoided. Dean is relentless in his eating. Castiel states this, taking a delicate spoon of his own soup, and Dean bursts out laughing.
feeling scared of yourself? When did your mother, do you think, first, uh—‘fuck up’—and run away from it? When did she stop comforting you, because you’d no longer simply fallen over, but had started, in your own words, crying out to her? Why do you call her Mary and not mom? And why, fourteen years after the death of your dad, are you so determined to deny him space, or mention?” Jimmy leans forward. Dean’s jaw is clenched and he trembles, looking down at his hands, arms quaking with the grip he maintains on his fingers, all knotted together. “Why did you start feeling scared of yourself?” Jimmy asks again, and Dean looks back up, face hot, eyes leaking molten tears over the burning landscape of his face.
“Not only her,” he replies numbly, a defeated hand running through his hair. “The Chambers girl—her grandmother, and her aunt and cousin. All living in the same house. They must have—must have huddled in the corner, away from the fire. And it was their damned bad luck that the corner they chose for safety had to collapse on top of them.”
“Perhaps,” he admits. “But people have been patient, with much harder things,” he hums. He squeezes Dean’s body, as if expecting a response. “Isn’t that so?”
He starts saving for silver for the ring. All he needs are scrap pieces of silver, rejects, but he wants it all to be perfect for when he begins working it. He looks over his assortment of silver shapes, lined up on top of the drawers in his room in the Eyrie, looks over them religiously and finds purer and purer pieces he thinks might be better refined and used for this purpose. And what is this purpose? A ring for Cas—but why?
“Whatever,” is all that Jo replies with, but Dean hears her footsteps receding and guesses that she is getting a drink, like Dean asked.
He tightens his limbs around Dean’s body, and it seems that this, in the promise of assurance and constance and presence it holds, is enough for Dean to finally feel safe enough to pull back. He takes a stuttering, but obviously grounding breath, and looks at Castiel.
Dean rallies against this even as the mark clouds his thoughts beyond a bay for blood. His insides are in a twisting tumult and he wants in the uncorrupted corner of his heart, the last remnant of himself, to be a little boy again, when Angels and Demons were just stories told to him by a golden-haired mother.
each other—” Dean can’t say love. He can’t say love, and he won’t. “Before one of us asks the other to marry them, or before ‘marriage’ became something we thought about—if I could’ve chosen anyone to do that with, Human or otherwise, it would’ve been you, Cas. When I ask myself that question, the answer is always you. And when I picture myself happy… It’s with you. It’s always with you.”
“In theology?” Sonny laughs. “What—don’t tell me your four year old’s a priest in his spare time, on top of everything else.”
who has already done so much for Dean and cared so much for the young King when he is so unsure if he can bring himself to care back.
on the eve of their hundredth birthday at the Autumn Equinox. They had been young, certainly, but knew the hearts of all living things better than many of those who called themselves prophets. Jael feared what it was they saw in Raphael’s heart.
Like, I know it would suck, and especially for Sammy, but…” Another sigh emanates from Dean’s lips. “Maybe I’m being stupid. Everyone fights, right? But I just wish it would
“No,” Castiel shakes his head, firmly. “Samandriel and I are not back together. I haven’t seen him in nine, nearly ten years. Maybe once or twice on the street, but we haven’t even spoken, in all that time. Meg was just teasing you.”
“I might have,” the shepherd shrugs easily. He watches Dean swirl his hands easily about in the water.
Castiel shakes his head, blinking numbly as though he’s watching the world whirl right past him and is unable to stop it, unable to hold on. Fear shrouds the initial shock that had smeared itself across his features.
He stops outside the King’s quarters and pauses at the door, his ear hovering over the wood. He can only hear the sounds of his father’s own disturbed sleep.
“Okay,” Adam sighs. He turns to Cas, who watches them warmly. “Will you sing the next one, Cas?” He asks. Cas blinks.
He looks up at Dean. Dean, who he knows hears everything Mary says. Dean, who’s mouth hangs open in terror. Dean, who’s been worrying about his brother for so long, Dean, who even now, will be blaming himself for all of this.
“Hardly a fair trade,” Novak’s gaze is like pinewood in a fire. It catches Dean’s breath. The shepherd is something strange and pure, like the first rain of spring, warm but drenching.
He breathes in deep a moment, mouth closed, hand trembling at the wall, before he balls it into a fist. Anger rises within him at the silent sting of the room. It’s like the place mocks him with the heavy hanging of quiet.
the ship. It dusts his veins with the thrum of the heavenly. Marvellous and monstrous, a soul like Michael’s caught in cycles of mourning and abuse.
“—And singing to himself as he roamed. He was returning from a night with Lafitte and Henriksen, as I recall, from the pub in town. Well, they must’ve been playing the music of
Dean doesn’t have any shots. The kitchen is bright with white, sterile light, but Castiel prefers it to the darkness and makeshift-party lighting of the rooms at the front of the house. Shot after shot, chased by lime, chased by salt, Lisa and Samandriel giggling and covering their hands with their mouths politely and Castiel wincing at the burn of spirits; until the bright light becomes aggressive and the music from the living room’s heavy bass thrums at Castiel’s core.
“Put a shirt on,” Sammy says, deadpan, without turning around from where he’s slicing tomatoes. Cas supresses a smirk.
Dean walks slowly over to the open window, to the apparent disturbance. The moon paints the walls ghostly, panels of silver-grey light from the window square onto the wall like shrugging spectres. The frame of the window is big—bigger than most of the windows in the castle—big enough for a large man to climb through—big enough for a
“On my instruction,” Dean hardens, and leans forward. He waits for the challenge to come like a curled fist. Castiel’s gaze is impatient. The amber candlelight flickers at his features.
perfect,” Charlie shakes her head. “What, you think that’s waterproof? If he’s sick in that, it’ll leak everywhere.”
“None at all?” Cai tipped his head back and chuckled, the sound warm with friendship. “But, sweet lady, you have not met the young king yet! What measure could you have of his character, to cast him aside so quickly?”
Castiel shouts, and tears finally leak onto his face. He shoves his brother again, stumbling with the force of his own blow, and expects Michael to be livid with him, but the Archangel looks only sad—which makes the pressing urge to vomit sting at the back of Castiel’s throat.
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “You’re—I broke your heart. And I should’ve—I never should’ve dated you, in the first place—I was in love with someone else—”
Cas is silent. He shakes his head. When he speaks, his tone has taken on something not unlike the voice Dean heard him use in his lectures.
Cathy is angry and guarded but coaxed into trust by those who spend enough time with her, earning it. Dean tries not to glower when Bobby mentions how she seems to dote on Mr Novak, even chirrups with happy interest when she sees him. Dean’s heart doesn’t rip when he says this. Doesn’t tear. Doesn’t graze raw against gravel which does
Another sad chapter (though it's a flashback, so not as sad as it could be). Next update should hopefully be here tomorrow or the day after! This one's a little short, but chapter 43 will be a fairly long one.
But Cas takes his hand and traces lines over Dean’s palm as they sit beside the fire, waiting for their fish to cook, and the closed cliffs of the cove keep out most of the wind, but there still comes to be a chill in the dimming light so that Castiel frowns at Dean’s shivering and wraps the blanket Dean brought for them to sit on round both of their frames. Dean leans into his shepherd.
“Uh,” Dean flushes, “that he feels the same way, too,” he swallows, still not over the embarrassment of talking about this kind of thing, but at least Ellen’s steady hand on his arm is dimming any sense of shame he’d normally be feeling right about now. “Obviously… and…” Dean laughs, “he uh, he wrote me a poetry book, to prove it—”
“You’re making it up to me, now,” Cas reasons, voice low and totally sincere. It catches Dean’s breath in his throat, snatching at it like something caught in the wind. “And you’re driving me, now.”
“Uh-huh,” Dean says, unconvinced. But there is some old and ancient way in the shepherd’s manner with the sheep, like the chorus of a folk song, stirring something eternal and sleepy in the blood. He’s convincing, if nothing else. They roam Bobby’s lands, where bright green grass turns to sun-dried, golden and reedy grass.
“It’d be beyond unreasonable to expect him, months after leaving that place, to understand why and how what it taught him was wrong—”
“Not if you’re going,” Jo shakes her head, eyes shining with renewed tears. A growl curls in Dean’s chest.
“Thank you,” he says, eventually. Dean doesn’t know why it raises his hackles, so. “I can’t remain here long. I’m needed back in a few hours.”
They sit in silence for a moment. Dean licks his lips, staring down at his fiddling hands tapping at the table in gentle time to the song.
Castiel blinks, blinks at the request, blinks at his name in Dean Winchester’s mouth again, blinks at the hatred which has rid itself from his voice. Now it is only regret, hopeless regret.
“He’s not welcome back here,” The man says as Castiel reaches it, hand faltering at its surface as he is addressed. “Tell him that.”
hatred for his queerness, Mary’s—well, that’s just it. What would Mary make of it? And how would Dean tell Cas, and still persuade him to go to England?
“I don’t know—” Dean ducks his head, but Cas’s fingertips pressing underneath the Human’s chin stop him from looking down.
It also makes his mouth hang and his eyes peel open and stay there, static, trained on Cas in disbelief as the other man rinses out his mouth. Cas catches Dean in the corner of his eye and frowns, offering him the mouthwash.
“But seriously,” Dean starts, “how was it? I wanna know. My best friend’s first date,” he laughs. “Tell me all about it.”
“Playing requires both of my hands,” Cas answers, and as if to underline this point, begins a new song, into which Jody, Mick, and far less proficiently, Bobby, all join.
“He’s told me he’s straight,” Castiel’s jaw clenches, his digs his nails into the palm of his hand. “He’s told me. He wouldn’t lie. He’d have no reason to be ashamed, if he wasn’t, seeing as we talked frankly about
His face is pale and drained, dark circles form beneath his eyes, much like those beneath his father’s, and Dean’s eyes themselves are bloodshot and tired, yellow and red eking across what ought to be white, setting a sickly colour against the dimmed jade of the Prince’s irises.
he and Cas aren’t friends anymore, and turning up at Cas’s house, now, seems rude enough—but two days in a row? Dean’d be an asshole. He feels uninvited and unwelcome and he knows that it’s all his fault. God, if he had just done things differently.
Almost a year after John’s death, Dean and Castiel toss a football to one another on the lawn of Castiel’s front garden. The sun sends shards of light swimming down to meet them. Jimmy is sat, reading, in the living room, sat on his favourite armchair. Sunk into it, limbs relaxed, he glances up every once in a while, over to Dean and Castiel, and smiles at whichever he makes eye contact with, mouth closed, eyes creased.
Out in the night air, Bela turns to him. Her mouth seems clamped shut for several moments, lips pressed firmly together, while she just stares at Dean. Dean stares back.
love. And the last one,” Dean tears up at the memory, and at everything he lost that night, “was how he—he—” He can’t speak. His throat constricts. Tears spill onto his face. Honestly, how many times has he cried in the past 24 hours? He feels exhausted by it all. At least he’ll probably sleep well, tonight. “How he loved me, and always—” God, Dean can’t finish. He’s staring down at his and Sam’s hands, tightly knotted together. He breathes in, long and rattly and shallow, shaking. “And I couldn’t let him say that—‘cause what if he stayed?” He looks up at Sam, eyes burning. Sam frowns softly, troubled and upset by Dean’s sorrow. “And then he tried to kiss me—or, did kiss me—” Dean explains, shaking more.
“Prophets,” Castiel flares, jaw working. He glances at Michael, surprised his brother does not rise. But Michael only stares at the table, troubled.
He meets the shepherd as he walks up the stairs, gifts cradled in his arms. The shepherd is descending them.
“I’ve no issue with you pronouncing it in whatever way you find easiest—” but the boy groaned again, “Mike-el. That’s fine. That’s how many of you Humans—”
They carry on. They get closer. And when the portal is in sight, Dean completes a gesture which fills Castiel with a strange and inexplicable and burning jealousy.
“And just now—” Castiel continues, and Dean’s heart sinks a little further still. “You were staring at my wings. Why?”
“Prince Dean,” a servant peers round the door nervously. “Your Father, the King, asked me to see if you wanted any assistance—”
“Aye, it is,” he confirms. Silence for a moment. He looks back up at Dean. His gaze ticks with thought as well as hurt. “And for enduring love.”
He presses his tongue inside of the Angel’s mouth, now; Castiel’s lips twitch into a smile against him. Dean’s hand moves up to fist at Cas’s hair—and although it hurts, honestly, Dean doesn’t care. Their noses bump awkwardly, and Dean huffs a breath of laughter into Castiel’s mouth. Nothing matters when Cas’s lips are pressed against Dean’s. Dean can feel the cold weather of the mountains on the Angel’s chapped lips, rough against his mouth but gentle, gentle and tender and pliant, moulding into Dean’s touch and pressing against him with affection and care and warmth and everything Dean needs.
“I know how long I knew him,” Dean grumbles, opening his door and slamming it shut, eyes burning. His mother and brother get out after him, Mary handing Sammy a skullcap, too.
Sammy is out there, living. That’s what matters. Dean will see him, soon. For now, he sees his best friend, washed in the silvery, liquid moonlight, eyes like two bright stars shining in this dim-darkness.
He sits on the steps to Temple. He thinks of Jimmy at Michael’s wedding and feels jealous of the years Michael got that Castiel didn’t, the life events, the conversations. He feels jealous of everyone who had a conversation with his father that Castiel wasn’t present for, able to absorb and bask in the brightness of Jimmy Novak, a light on a dark earth. His body is wracked with sobs and yet he can’t cry, can’t breathe. What were their last words? Why didn’t Castiel visit sooner? Why has the whole world become an echo of the desolate and of questions fragile as ash?
“Maybe,” Dean concedes gruffly, and sets his jaw hard as he walks into the study and closes the door and picks up the guitar Cas got him, age eighteen, and his notebook, and cries for a few sodden hours. Ellen knocks tentatively at the door at around 7:30, having stayed in the big white house in anticipation of… well, probably, Dean being like this.
to it, well enough, on the night of the fire. And I’ll send my carriage to you, if it’s truly such an issue.”
for you; Dean—I was going to abandon everything; rebel, leave my home, live a life void of any of my Angelic powers—of my birthright, of my culture, my
I worked on it. She took a liking to me. It was better when she took a liking to you. And worse.” He swallows thickly. “In this room, she kept all her valuables. I’d be set about to clean it, bring her tea, her meals, all of that. It was better than working her machinery, clogging up my lungs with tar and coal, my eyes with dust and soot. No thank you,” he wrinkles his nose. “Did what I had to. Tracked where she kept her purse. And her pistol. Think she wouldn’t have such hard feelings against me if I hadn’t done this next bit.”
“So, Kaia, huh?” Dean asks Claire, one evening. They’re sat in the kitchen with hot chocolates and fresh cookies—they haven’t been able to bake with one another in a while, and might’ve, maybe, gone a little overboard today. Cookies, flapjack, white chocolate muffins, banana bread, regular bread. Claire is gonna have to take a
“So I thought you were God, now,” Dean frowns, “and wouldn’t—y’know—need to—” he gestures down to the plate in front of Jack.
“I miss Jimmy’s cooking,” is the diplomatic answer Dean decides on. “It’s been… I haven’t been hungry, these past couple of months. But thinking about Jimmy’s cooking,” he says. “Man. Man, I miss it.”
“Here is one,” Cas begins, words softened as they are breathed into the space between them. “And aside from Madra, I haven’t had a friend, Dean, in perhaps all my years. So this is some fierce compliment.”
Dean sighs, leaning back. He finishes the rest of his cider, eats his dinner quietly. Novak frowns into the candlelight, still.
“It’s a little funny,” Michael smiles, looking down at the cardboard with his sharp, thoughtful eyes.
Castiel turned in Michael’s arms and pointed back towards the citadel, up the uneven, gleaming white road that led straight to the palace itself. Approaching them in the distance, Michael could indeed make out the figure of their father; his hollow, tired eyes trained on Michael and Castiel. Michael straightened up on instinct—he noted how their father’s beard had grown longer, how it appeared slightly unkempt, how today, like so many other days, he had chosen to wear black and gold, to mourn the loss of his wife.
“Yeah, not-concussed Dean would’ve one hundred percent punched me for that,” Meg agrees. Dean has turned back to face Lisa.
Not sure about warnings for this chapter. There's reference to death and trauma in the last fifth of it so I'll flag that up now.
hurts in big stinging waves of melancholy that wash over Castiel and make him retch. The whole time, since the moment he realised that he was attracted to men, Castiel has known that to tell Dean would mean to risk their friendship.
Cas scowls and reaches down to palm at Dean through his jeans. Dean gasps and his head tips onto Cas’s shoulder.
“Here,” Castiel mumbles distractedly, pushing Anna gently away from the kitchen sink, “you pretty much made lunch all by yourself. Let me.”
Lisa’s room is dyed lilac by the afternoon light and her pale curtains. Her pristine sheets are disrupted by Dean, who creases them where he sits.
Here, in the Entrance Hall, is where the full force of fury is, where the battle seems to have reached a coil and epicentre in the time it took Dean and Jo to retrieve the sword from John’s room. It’s a sight which makes Dean’s blood sing, but it’s not enough: he wants to bring the fight outside, he wants to breathe clean air and dirty the sky with torn flesh.
He knows he shouldn’t, knows it didn’t mean anything like that, but at the same time, it just feels so
“Your father knew who you really were. Good soldier, nothing else. Daddy’s blunt little instrument. Your own father didn’t care whether you lived or died. Why should you?”
He can’t help being reminded of it, reminded of the first day he met the beautiful boy across the street, with eyes the colour of grass after a summer rain, with crooked teeth that would come to be fixed with braces that Dean would complain about every day for two years; with a mess of freckles scattered across his face as randomly and enchantingly as the strewn stars in the sky. He can't help being reminded of the cookies Dean brought over and the games they played, how shy and terrified Castiel had felt, and then suddenly as though he were returning home, or sliding into warm, soft waters.
“Trying to,” Dean shrugs, avoiding Ellen’s gaze and vaguely embarrassed by how hurt he finds himself at his oldest daughter doing something very reasonable: progressing with her life and growing, steadily, up. “And hey, it’s not
“And we’re lucky to have him.” It had been Dean’s thought, but it comes from the door, where Bobby appears, using two sticks as he enters with Jo. “Sir Alastair,” he greets with a bow, made awkward by his canes, “it’s a pleasure. What brings you here?”
“We’re doing this—what—now?” Castiel stammers, tugging back, but Dean only grins, and keeps on pulling them forward.
The Angels approach the thrones in front of which Dean, John and Sam are standing, one at a time, each of them introducing themselves first to Sam, then John, then, finally, Dean, bowing deep and low. Dean is jealous that Sammy gets to meet all the Angels first, though he wouldn’t be caught
Dean can barely breathe. Something is thrumming inside of him and it prickles at his skin and burns his insides. It’s painful and addictive and a hazy fog is filling Dean’s mind. Cas kisses down his shoulder, and Dean tilts his head back and closes his eyes—everything is blurry and he can barely think straight—and then the Angel presses his lips to Dean’s stomach, before dragging his mouth over to Dean’s hipbones and drawing his teeth over the skin there. Dean bites his lip and whines again, and Castiel glances up at him, pushing him back against the bed, before pulling off the last of Dean’s clothing.
Michael bristled, wings threatening to flair—and certainly, if Anna were more like Gabriel, or indeed any other Angel, this would be a threat that had an effect on her—but she was braver and fiercer than her brother often gave her credit for.
“Dean,” Castiel says, and swallows past the stab of pain at his chest the sight of the Human has provoked for, now, a year. “You ought to be sleeping.”
“It would seem so,” Mary smiled at the young man’s pet name for her. There were few in this world who could get away with naming her this; Gawaine was undeniably one of them. “Have you been guarding the citadel for all this time?”
Castiel continues helping Bobby with what seems to be his main call to wake up each morning: the goshawk Cathy. And Castiel continues to refuse Dean’s offers to pay for this service. So Dean finds other ways to repay him: good wine, at their dinners together; wildflowers, to sit on the table of the croft; a vase, for the wildflowers to stand in. It’s almost unnecessary, because by the third day of Dean bringing Castiel flowers, he realises the shepherd has been using them for all his ridiculous herbalisms, from making tea to tinctures, balms to health brews.
Not many, if none at all, of the Angels choose to live a shorter life. Castiel imagines that each second would seem to be worth so much more, when one’s life has been depreciated by so much. Humans are said to bubble with anticipation and brim with movement at the hectic everyday affairs which so constantly fill their lives—it sounds exhausting, being so constantly
Jody, at the fiddle, reels out long and trembling notes like mist on water to accompany the steady-as-stone devotion of Cas’s voice.
sexuality,” Dean goes on, talking, not to Castiel it would seem, but rather to himself, nodding thoughtfully and with a distant expression as he goes on, “that’s like, you go to an ice cream parlour. And there’re all these flavours. And you like
The event ends, and Anna taps Castiel gently on the shoulder, asking if he wants to go back up to his quarters. Castiel gives Dean a questioning look—the two of them had spent the rest of the feast in silence—and Dean shrugs. Castiel stands up and leaves with his sister.
The barn, made of old sand coloured brick, stands massive against the bright sky, doors open wide and voices coming from within. The reception is already set up outside. The bright haze of summer makes all the colours seem beautiful and pale, from the green leaves on the surrounding trees or their brown bark, to the pastel linen bunting hung about the place.
“Castiel?” There comes a quiet, gentle knock at his door, and Anna peaks her head around. “Are you alright, little brother?”
“Your brother has told me of your proficiencies with flirting, and your tendency to do so, at every opportunity.”
“Well, I should probably get outta your hair,” Dean starts, standing, taking a shuddering breath. At last, Castiel looks up at him.
there are two poems i love about larks. one is by shelley, called 'to a skylark'. the other is by robert macfarlane, called 'lark', which no doubt draws from shelley's work. in both poems the poetic voice thinks of human suffering when speaking to the skylark. both of them seem to feel that the skylark has some talent for searching out (or perhaps speaking out) joy: "Teach me half the gladness / That thy brain must know, / Such harmonious madness / From my lips would flow" (shelley) and "Keeping out into deep space, past dying stars and exploding suns, to where at last, little astronaut, you sing your heart out at all dark matter". there's much to be said for speaking joy into dark matter.
But slowly, they’re getting less and less cases to work, as if the world is cleaning itself up, and so Dean starts getting more and more reckless. No Cas to heal him up, his body is a battered, bruised thing, just like his heart. He misses the purified singe that would set in his mouth and tighten around his teeth whenever Cas used his grace to heal him up. Like if someone sugared chemical electricity. He misses someone believing he was worth healing.
“You mean am I still…” Castiel gestures to his head and gives that strange intuitive human gesture of insanity he must have, in his time on earth, picked up from Dean. As with everything.
Mary gasped and turned around only to see the rude boy from yesterday grinning at her. Her jaw clenched.
“You think that’d be okay with our head chef?” He asks, making Mara laugh. But Cas peers at Dean, and he realise this is a serious question.
“Right,” Dean looks down. He wonders, not for the first time, if Sam knows. If he can tell. “So,” he looks back up, steeling himself, “Eileen.”
He spots a Tanakh on Cas’s middle shelf and reaches out for it, sliding it off the shelf. Black and leather bound, it falls open in his palm and he sifts through the pages—there are two columns on each page, one Hebrew, one English.
“Or from the heat of this forge, or from you,” Dean answers with a laugh, catching Cas’s hand and tangling his fingers with it
“Well, not anymore,” she says, and swats at him until he moves back toward the door. “Go get cleaned up. “I’ll have Jo draw you a bath, if you’d like?”
“Fine,” Mary sighs, smile loose. “But you’re gonna have to get cleaned up when you come back. Deal?”
“It doesn’t matter,” the Angel shrugs. “I was only curious.” There is a silence for a moment. “I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable, I’m sorry, Your Highness.”
“You won, Castiel.”—His voice is like sleep and tenderness and crackling fires and Castiel can see the dawn in the Human’s eyes. “I yield.”
my favourite. But then you told me honeybees were yours—which I realise now, of course, was probably another of your filthy lies—” Dean barks out a laugh, “—so they forever reminded me of you. And honeybees became my new favourites.”
Castiel should go—Castiel should leave; watching this is creepy, is wrong of him, is made more wrong by how much it turns him on. And it
Back at Cas’s, they’re both too exhausted to do anything other than flop into bed and fall asleep on top of each other. With snow tapping lightly on the window panes Dean thinks, Cas’s warm chest pressed to his own, that he has never known the feeling in Cas’s eyes as he watches the streets of Edinburgh move and change and fill and be filled by pedestrians walking and living. Such a feeling must be belonging, and belonging not as a hope or a nostalgic wish but with the undercurrent of solid certainty of knowledge. And Dean has never known it. The flakes drift lazily, silently, outside the window of what really
“Other than being a ruler of these people,” Bela gestures to the crowd in front of her. “I’ve managed to start up a small business getting hold of items for those rich enough to seek my services. I began back when my parents were alive—it was sort of an attempt to earn enough riches to get me out of here—but my funds far exceeded that; and before I knew it,
She knew this was only because of the child, and not on her account—but he would be the one to spring up from his seat and help her to sit down when he visited Evadne and dined with her and Chay. He was the one who brought her tinctures with sage and lavender, walked wall to wall smoking her chambers with sacred herbs and calling for blessings of health and strength, hung wreaths of hyssop on her door for protection, even realised that mountain thyme was her most beloved herb and flower, and placed bouquets of it around her bedside when she grew too sick to leave it, so that all her room was turned into a bower.
“Sorry,” he mumbles. John runs a frustrated hand through his hair, nearly pushing his crown off his head, and huffs yet another sigh at his son.
Michael seems a little relieved that he has found some way to be useful; even if that use is simply in telling Gabriel off for being so pig-headed.
“Can I help you?” Dean asks, raising his eyebrows to the man, who steps into the room slowly, heavily, still regarding Dean.
“He’s made me leave every time he’s been washed, before…” Castiel bites his lip, looking away. Embarrassment, curling at his insides, creeps in tendrils across his skin and burns at it in a way that nearly makes him itch.
is soft? What of the sea and its lash against the rocks? What of the jagged stone Dean cut himself on, just last night?
Grief comes in waves, and is more like a tumultuous ocean than a lake that can be measured in finite, coherent terms. Most of it still unexplored, on some days it lies still and quiet, at worst plaintive, totally manageable. Other days it tosses and turns in restless tides and weeps for the beloved lost, others still it churns up dregs from its bottomless depths: ugly memories and regrets as it spits, spits, spits foam and seaweed and all its dead onto the shore. Those are its seasons. It is fathomless and without reason, and hope is the light that cannot be seen, standing at the bottom of its depths.
“We doubt it—there were guards already positioned down that corridor. They would have seen it—whatever it was—if there had been an intrusion of some kind.”
Castiel had sat still and looked down and squeezed his hands together and wished he was back in his bedroom.
“So maybe I thought I’d make a mixtape of it, ‘cause I was gonna miss you, when you go? Why’s everything gotta be—”
“Hey,” he greets, shoulders tense already with worry, body little more than a tight, tall knot on Castiel’s front porch.
taking the plate from Dean, feeling just as cautious as he did the day he and Dean first met. Except now he has no Jimmy to place a reassuring hand on his shoulder, or mumble comforting words into Castiel’s ear. “Thank you.”
“They work for Sir Alastair, and live on his land. Mr Chambers has been… causing quite some stir of trouble for him,” Mrs Penryn replies.
“I’m getting you some water,” Castiel states, watching him, nonplussed but as determined to be practical as ever. “Would you like anything else? Some coffee might wake you up—I still don’t know if it’s good that you should be sleeping, though normally I’d suggest you just sleep this off—after you fell, I mean. Or maybe some tea? Or food?” Dean groans at the thought and shakes his head, the thought of eating apparently making him feel worse. Castiel presses his lips together and nods, not totally surprised, and goes to the kitchen, rummaging for a paper bag for Dean to be sick into if he needs to, again, and also for water. He makes a coffee and some toast anyway, just in case the other man changes his mind.
it speaks softly, and the ground changes beneath Dean’s feet, the walls of the castle spin and morph into something new, Dean feels giddy and sick.
In the next hours, their camp is razed to the ground. Flames make ash and lace of the tents, smoke thickens the sky into a curtain. But more terrifying than the attack, than the fall of Castiel’s brothers and sisters and siblings, more terrifying than the loss of life and fear in the eyes of Castiel’s kin, is Dean. He’d said something of the mark had loosened something in him, or was making him lose himself, or both. And now Castiel sees it. If the Demons raze their camp to the ground, then Dean razes them, every one of them that he comes in the reach of. He leaves the attack alive and bathed in blood, baptised in crimson like a velvet robe.
“Angel culture is very different to our own, Dean,” Bobby speaks with frustrating condescension to Dean. “They don’t treat love the same way humans do—”
“There’s only one way to find out,” Castiel shrugs, taking a hold of Dean’s wrist and pulling him further through the forest. Strange—when they were kids, it always seemed to be Dean pulling Castiel along, Dean steeling and stealing Castiel.
the one who got Sammy his. And John bought Adam his great, big, fancy thing—” he cuts himself off and swallows. He tries, increasingly he tries, not to speak bitterly of his half-brother—
“I believe it’s a metaphor,” Castiel says, a smile prickling at his lips. “The first Archangel refused to love again after her first love, a humble servant, died. And we remember our dead by looking up at the stars, which is where we believe their spirits come to rest.”
He also hated how everyone who greeted him pretended to be overjoyed to be stood in the same fucking city as him, hated the insincerity of their well-wishing, of their beamed greetings, of their tight-lipped smiles. All of it was fake, he loathed all who greeted him outside of his own men, and liked them only because he had reason to, because they were loyal and boisterous and hardly cared for his rank, only how well he could wield a sword and shoot a bow and arrow and command an army.
“Oh,” Ellen replies, simply. Dean almost feels angry at her for having so little to say about this revelation, one which feels so very deep and personal, for him. “For shiva, right?”
Dean opens a door, and then there are a few steps down, before a doorless archway leading out into a grassy courtyard.
The following day, Michael is not in the kingdom. A servant knocks at Castiel’s door and requests he follow; the King has left him with instructions for the day. Castiel expects much of it to be training or sitting in the Great Hall with advisers, listening to the Cherubim surrounding him quarrel over rationing for the winter or how best to deal with the latest bout of thievery—but the Angel does not lead Castiel to the Great Hall, nor does he lead him to the stadium or any of the combat grounds. The Malakim leads Castiel down into the heart of the palace, into the parts of Evadne that are carved into the rock itself, down ancient, chipped stone stairways that seem to have forgotten the touch of daylight upon their surface, down halls built before the record of time itself—into the catacombs that Castiel has always been forbidden from entering.
“How lucky you are, then, that you’ve been taken in by a farm where humble farm hands seem permitted to wander about the master’s house without fear of repercussion, and speak to guests and even noblemen, however they please.”
“You don’t know that’s all that they’re coming to speak about—do you remember what they said? About one of them and—” Bobby makes a peculiarly vague, uncomfortable gesture towards Dean, just as he had been marking each feather of an open pair of wings on the carved table belonging to one of the High Kings of ancient times. He
“So I keep hearing,” Dean answers. He still holds his refilled cup in his good hand, and takes a long and steady drink from it, because Bobby is going to insist on bringing up all that happened last night, when all Dean wants to do is forget it.
“Yes, it snowed there,” the shepherd confirms. Dean’s insides twitch anxiously at the suddenly removed tone and expression.
He says, grinning and waggling his eyebrows—Castiel blushes and looks away, nauseated, “anyway. So stop being pretentious.”
“Shouldn’t you have gone home by now, Michael?” Castiel asks, squinting indignantly, again. “You only had to be here a week. When we were kids, you couldn’t
That night, after dinner, they settle down to watch Scooby Doo, together. Zola rolls about on the floor in front of them and bothers them both for attention, Jack scratching absent-mindedly at the dog’s ears as he laughs loudly at all the gags. Dean can’t help but chuckle, himself.
He cuts himself off and his eyes turn glassy, they burn and sting and prick and Castiel’s lip begins to tremble. He fumbles with his hands, suddenly sad.
“I suppose,” Mick nods. “Nothing—nothing permanent, I don’t think,” he raises his hands innocently. “And I don’t even
They sleep side by side and Dean stops himself from crying by worrying about the hand he has clasped in Cas’s and how disgusted Castiel would be if he ever knew what touching Cas has always meant to Dean, what it means now, how it thrills him and what thoughts it fills him with. Covers cool against his skin, he thinks of these and frigid showers where he has been forced to turn the water cold because he'd been thinking of Cas.
“Yes—yes—goodnight—” Cas stammers distractedly over his shoulder, and gets up, walking stiffly out the room.
He falls asleep that night and dreams of gaping oceans and the panicked whir crashing planes and of a great chasm separating himself from the sky, a sky which has stars peeping out of it and a gruff, warm voice, and the chasm grows deeper and deeper and Dean drifts further and further from it until he cannot see the sky at all, and all the sunshine in the world has disappeared. And Dean is alone. Dean is all alone.
“That’s what I just said, isn’t it? And, I don’t expect, one of the King’s right hand men will be in attendance, too—Azazel—who you have to thank for much of the grand scheme. And, coincidently, you also have him to thank for the death of your mother. Small world, eh?”
the dough, not tickling it. He remembers Claire’s nervous expression immediately after she threw flour at him, and her relieved grin when Dean burst out laughing at it.
“Thank you,” Dean smiles, and Castiel looks up at the Human and returns the look. “Could you say something to me, now, in Enochian?”
The little boy was not old enough, nor corrupted enough, to know how strange a thing it was that Ellen knew how to read. Nor did he know the kindness it was his mother had given to Ellen when teaching her.
Sam was the youngest, and he needed the most protection. It’s what Dean learnt then, when he was handed the form of his infant brother and left to defend both of them from whatever monster might arrive in that blaze. Sam was they youngest, he needed the most protection; it’s Dean’s job to look after other people because he doesn’t get—doesn’t need that same protection. He learnt it when he was four years old and he’s learnt it every moment since. This girl is young, too. Perhaps if Dean rescued her mother or father, carried either of them from the flames, they’d end up coughing out the smoke with raw and sputtering lungs, and would survive the night. But there’s no promise that they will. And Dean’s heart is flaring and his hands are trembling and the smoke isn’t the only thing clouding his vision, right now, more than anything it’s the fear, it’s the
“But I’m with the right people, now?” Michael asked, hopeful. He was looking at David, intently now. They sat with their backs against the wooden wall of the stable. David flickered a smile, intrigued by the question. His smile, all of his countenance, danced in the candlelight, in spite of its steadiness.
“Alright, it’s beautiful,” Dean turns to Castiel, who’s watching him. “This is a cute place to spend a birthday.”
with my twin brother and my father. Following that, I left the Angel Kingdoms. What people neglect to say is
“That’s very kind of you to say. Many of my people have been set upon meeting Humans, too, and have long awaited this day,” Michael smiles with understanding. The stately, terrifying, and yet oddly humble Angel turns to address Dean’s father. “Perhaps we should introduce ourselves to you all?” He suggests. The King nods shortly, sitting back in his chair.
“It’s not the house I’m worried about,” he answers, which earns him a bark of laughter from Castiel’s older brother.
“Bobby gets them too used to human company,” Dean shakes his head. “When this one’s free, it’ll be too trusting of people, and most likely be killed by some unkind, angry boy.”
“I’ll do my best,” he twitches a smile, but it slips uncertainly onto his lips. He swallows and looks sharply at his once-best friend. “You think we’ll have time for that, some day?” He asks. Castiel frowns softly.
Also: lots of fluff and comfort here, and only a little bit of angst. But like, mainly comfort. I hope you enjoy!
“Pfft,” Dean dismisses, waving a hand. “This isn’t a busy road. And You can drive up towards the farms. There won’t be any trouble.”
“Three of the dead. Three of the dead, who they knew, and loved. The first is said to be the one who should have loved you better, in this life. The second, the one who loved you most—or, that you should have loved better. There are discrepancies in the texts. The third, the one, whom you loved most.”
They’ll be crowding around you—I won’t be able to hang out with you at all. Everyone will be wanting to talk to you, catch up with you, to congratulate you on everything, will want to—to—”
“Not a good man,” Dean shakes his head, the thought of Castiel’s own doubt ridiculous. “The best of men.” Castiel looks unconvinced, but Dean leans closer, threads his fingers through Castiel’s hair, hand cradling the back of his head. “Who has made
Like, a super short chapter here, but I thought I'd give it to you anyway. The next couple get HEAVY. Hope you enjoy!
Arms, and now he knows what they look like, bare, are bound across his chest. He remembers shivering in the night and how hands pulled the thick, coarse blanket more fully over him, before smoothing over his skin and raising whatever the opposite of pinpricks must be. He remembers hot breath huffed against his neck and he remembers leaning back into it. He remembers the ghost of a smile against his skin. He remembers sighing in happy half sleep, half wakefulness. He tries not to remember what happened to him because of Lee.
Their father resented her, and as his resentment visibly grew, so too did her love for Lucifer, her hatred of Michael. She fell pregnant again and gave birth to Gabriel, an annoying little thing who interrupted Lucifer and Michael’s games with his requests to join. Lucifer grew jealous at the attention Michael showed the boy, the time his twin was willing to invest in the brother who was
“Yes,” he finds himself saying. “Of course. But—he’s still here, you know. A lot of that is down to you, you know.”
So Dean stands straight a moment, breathing deeply, steeling himself, re-grounding himself, and then opens the door of the storeroom.
The knight frowns, confused, but only for a moment. Dean steps forward and begins kissing him again, thinking how he misses Castiel, wishing the world were not such a miserable place, praying he might somehow have another chance at happiness. Perhaps Benny is that chance at happiness? In another life, had Dean never met Castiel, he would be more than happy with Benny, would find in the knight everything he had ever thought he needed—but as it is...
Castiel frowns, gazing into Dean’s face, which is pulling an odd expression. His tone, attempting to be lighthearted and conversational, is exactly the opposite. Castiel is sure Dean has realised this, because he flushes suddenly and looks away.
“It is a difficult thing to discover,” Anna states sadly, “that those we once thought the world of are hardly worthy of it.”
“Maybe it’s just a case of arrested development…” Dean mumbles, catching himself and suddenly embarrassed for his speech. “You ever think how weird it is, I have my dad’s accent, when he died when I was fourteen, and I grew up here?”
“Know what, Dean?” Castiel asks. His heart is beating like music against his chest. The tips of his fingers feel numb. The entire world has turned into an inward breath, long and drawn out and it feels like it’s never-ending. White mist has descended on everything, on all the world, on all his senses, white, sugary, terrifying mist like clouds moving swiftly over the face of the moon, dyed by its light. It clashes with the amber flickering firelight, this sense of swirling silvery sweetness, the cold filling him, the warmth pricking his heart, the tinnitus of his own pulse or perhaps the melody of his and Dean’s twenty-five year dance together, back and forth, friendship and love and hurt and two continents and an ocean and the light between two oceans between them. Time, the greatest distance between two places, has separated them, and now it has brought them together; time and death. The silent symphony between them builds and it builds and still Dean is saying nothing, seems unable to say anything, looks at Castiel, terrified, swallows, brows sloped beautifully upward, the hammering of his heart visible at every pulse-point on him, each of which Castiel has the overwhelming urge to press his mouth to, to suck, to kiss, to stroke and cry and tell Dean that it will all be better, that all of it will be better, that Castiel will love him for ever and ever, until the earth is dust and decay in starlight.
All his life he had been told he belonged on the throne of Evadne, but he never imagined it to be without his brother by his side. Was his mother wrong? Lucifer was destined for greatness. But what greatness could there be, if his own
“I’m talking about your brother’s mutilating addiction to Demon blood,” Crowley states, carelessly examining a ring on his finger, twisting it round and round the digit it rests on; not unlike the way King John once did with his own ring. The familiarity of the motion has pain and regret spiking through Dean’s heart, despite the anger and confusion already shrouding his emotions. Crowley glances up to see Dean’s still utterly nonplussed expression and sighs in exasperation. “Oh, goodness, you really have
The boy has big, worried eyes. Dean decides very quickly that they're the prettiest eyes he's ever seen. He stares at them, mouth open.
him how unperturbed he is by the idea. In another way, something strong and steady and accepting burns in the depths of his heart, knowing that this is the wisest decision of his life… And this same part of him
“You don’t…” Dean grumbles, looking down. “He called when he landed, saying he was home, safe and dry. But—he’s a busy guy, I don’t wanna stop him from getting his work done…” Dean swallows. “I’ve told him he can call me, if he needs anything.”
“I should,” Dean waves vaguely, dismissively, disgusted at himself. “I should be the one to be doing this stuff. Not you. You should be mourning with your family, with Cas—” He just about chokes out the name, heart ripping. “I should be helping—I should be there for him—but now I’ve fucked up, and he
“More than anything,” he repeats, and repeats, and there are tears hot on his cheek, though whether they’re his or Dean’s, he cannot tell.
“And what room will that be?” Mick asks. Dean is suspicious he’s egging Bobby on. No. More than suspicious. Certain.
He carves into his wrist, blood flows like a river. He cries out Cas’s name, cries out a hundred desperate prayers blown about like ash in the wind, cries out as his vision fades and he hits the floor.
to lecture all of these men on their misogyny and sexism and heterosexism—but it’s not worth it. It’s
him and Dean woke up to the sound of Castiel’s voice every morning. Rough, gravelly, affectionate. Could it ever speak to Dean with affection again? After everything? And how much more rugged would Cas sound in the morning?
“I don’t think I want to play it, right now,” Adam says, hesitant. He crams his hands into his pockets. Dean thinks of himself, is reminded of himself, and how he stood today as the doctor told him what his fees would be for the care he’d provided Bobby.
“Oh, no, see,” Chuck corrects, “I’m the almighty. I really can.” Dean glares. “I mean picture it,” Chuck smiles, continuing, “the two of you, and your little lapdog Jack, rotting on a lifeless planet, knowing it’s this way because
Castiel scowls at nothing in particular and sits down onto his bed, pinching the fabric of the sheets, rough with thick threads of gold, between his fingertips in frustration.
Cared even in the barn, some strange and recontextualised creature, with all the grace of the alien, the mystery of the fugitive, the migrant on a new plane of life. The flash and spark of his stretching, shadowed wings. The barn.
“Because they’ve been watching you work like a dog, the full day. Before sunrise, and now past sunset. Not only Bobby’s work as well as your own, but Ellen’s too, it seems? You might like to leave some errands for the rest of us, Dean. Idle hands, and what have you.”
Hey pals - everything seems pretty awful at the moment in big and little ways so I hope you're doing okay. I'm sending lots of love to you wherever you are! Keep on sending love to yourself, too:)
He isn’t hungry. Only sad and lost—increasingly so. All this time Dean had believed that heartbreak worked in the opposite way, that time healed even these wounds.
He can’t stop seeing the flashes of faces he would catch between kicks outside the tavern while Lee shouted that it was Dean, it was all Dean’s fault. Behind the tavern it was dark and the men hadn’t known Dean and the men hadn’t
“For the record,” Cas smiles, “I always thought it was adorable. And I’m sure Eileen thinks it is, too,” he addresses this to Sammy. Dean tangles his hand with Cas’s. He grows less afraid of doing this kind of thing in public, every day.
finds him insufferable, insidious, sarcastic, acerbic, smug, at once evasive and too honest, somehow both impolite and sycophantic.
“His dice are weighted, too,” he says, and Dean twitches a smile. “I played him at a game of liar’s dice. Word of advice: don’t.”
in time. “I get it,” Claire repeats, with a thick and angry swallow. “I was your practice run, huh?”
me know, you know? You’ve carved out a space for yourself in the midst of all this tragedy, and it’s next to me and it’s next to Sammy, so that we know we’re not alone. I know where Ellen fits into all this; it’s right behind me, supporting me, having my back, ready to catch me if I fall. Hell, I know where
“The movement of hands uncertain and determined with new work. Snowflakes on eyelashes. Wildflowers brought by a bemused lover.”
“This—” Castiel gestures down to Dean’s hand on the Tanakh. “—It means a lot, Dean,” he manages. “And it means a lot, to hear it from you.”—Is he—does Cas flush, as he says this?—“That you should engage with it…”
have opened with. Beloved. Be,” he takes a breath, eyes green glass, “loved. All my life I’d been searching for it—being known, and being loved. All my life I’d feared it, too. All my life I’d run from it. Beloved. That instruction—be loved. I couldn’t let anyone do it, and I couldn’t let myself—but you did it, anyway. Loving you was easy. You made being loved easy. I don’t know which came first,” he admits with a small, breathless laugh, and looks down, and a few tears like pearls fall onto the silvery sand beneath their feet. “I know it came, like a promise, and shattered everything. Everything before and after. Being loved. Another one of your promises—every
“You’re like—schoolkids—” Bela shakes her head hopelessly. “I thought—I thought Dean was—I thought the reason the two of you—”
mess. And not at first. Maybe they’d even have a few good, a few downright happy years in there, along the way. But you bite your lip long enough, and anyone who kisses you is gonna taste blood.
Castiel chuckles, laughter coming out a little fragmented. Apparently he’s thinking about the last time they saw each other, too.
Dean is about to bark something out, mortified that Sam has found out about the reading lessons—did Cas
Stepping forward to a great table at least twice as long as the one he and his brother dine at every night, Castiel picks up a scroll longer than his arm, which seems to have been deliberately set aside, and begins to unroll it.
“I don’t know,” Dean looks down, insides clamping up. “I’m caught, you know? I feel like I’m caught. All the time.”
“—Plantation,” Hess corrects, and Dean blinks, not understanding the difference, and interrupted from his thought that if this happened on the
“I don’t know,” Dean sighs. “—So, for example, how are the two of us—how are we going to fit together? How will it all work out? And what happens if—or,
“And I’ll wait however long you need, Dean,” Castiel replies, all hard and soft certainty. “However long it takes.”
On the table, Cas has laid a vase of flowers. Vase is a generous term: it’s a cup with the handle chipped off from when Sam was round for his lessons on the fiddle, and knocked it over by accident. Cas had blinked calmly at all his apologies and reassured him the cup was no thing of great importance. Cas is always this—calm, constant, reassuring. And yet Dean, sat opposite him now, feels such anger and such fear at losing him because of this anger. Like water through a cupped hand.
Ellen and the others have organised his party for three weeks after he gets back, because he’s still crammed until the end of the month. He’s sleeping heavily, at least.
Oh, Dean—of course, of course—nothing but Dean, paradoxically, has ever been so familiar and easy, even in all his impulsiveness and energy, even in his unpredictability and flame, in the growl of his voice and the tenderness of his affection, in his frankness and total silence, for nine years, of how he really felt.
“Yeah…” Dean nods distractedly, staring with a delicate worry twined across his features, at the green house opposite. They’re sat in the exact same spot, in the exact same position, as they were ten years ago. The memory of it shrouds round them—at least, to Castiel’s impression, it does. Dean is miles away, images flicking across his removed gaze. But the memory of that night, ten years ago, twists and twirls about the pair like a fine white mist caught in winds. Of what? Transformation? Renewal? Not regret. But they are haunted, nonetheless. Something shifts in Dean’s expression, the suggestion of clarity, of change. He seems to draw back with a thought, but doesn’t move at all. “No,” He shakes his head. “Actually. No. Not wrong.”
Subconsciously, he’s shifting toward the door, and only realises that he is when Alastair fixes a look upon him which stops him short.
“You’re not Castiel,” Dean says. Castiel peeps out from behind his dad’s legs to see Dean frowning up at Gabriel, a little accusingly, brown eyebrows knitted together into a tight frown.
After finishing, Dean rises and enters his bedroom, dragging his hands mindlessly across the surface of his sheets.
do nothing to answer, to reply. No words, not a message, not a sound. He must have realised Dean was not a worthy vessel to pour all these feelings into. Perhaps, in heaven, he has found a better recipient.
you! I’m tellin’ you I love you and you’re jus’ sittin’ there!” He shakes Castiel, pushes him, but still the writer cannot move. “I love you!” Dean shouts. “Say somethin’—do someth—”
“Because it’s not!” Sam raises his voice, and Dean has trouble keeping his breath even. “This is what normal people do,” Sam pleas, desperate. “You really want me to live—
“Yes,” Ellen worries at her lip. The gold warmth of her hand comes to the top of Dean’s arm. “But for the good of both the Angels, and the Humans. And I’m sure whichever Angel they picked for the job understands that, too. And anyway, Dean: you still have a choice in this. It might not even happen, you know.”
Cas raises his eyebrows, intrigued at this statement. Dean’s cheeks prickle in response to his own words.
Gabriel had grown so irritated that he had snapped out of his daze, the torches lighting the room bursting upwards for a moment in his anger, orange fire spitting from Gabriel’s eyes.
“The architecture—what’s that like? Do you guys have castles, too? Or is it totally different to down here?”
His mind refuses to accompany this thought, refuses it entry, will not accommodate it. It won’t fit into his head. How? How could—
Mother dying when he was young, abused by his cultish extremist father in a radical village in the middle of nowhere, neglected, until a lady in a gas station a few hundred miles away from their hometown decided she didn’t like the way a creepy, slimy man was treating his son while they were on a road trip. The son, a boy of fourteen with bruises and welts the size of golf balls, didn’t once complain, or squirm, or flinch at his father’s comments or behaviour. But luckily none of it sat right with the lady at the gas station. She called the cops.
The oldest Winchester boy tugs at Castiel’s hand just before the Angel gets ready to leave with Michael, and Castiel stops, looking back at the young prince. Dean’s eyes are soft on Castiel’s. He tugs on Castiel’s hand again, and Castiel leans toward to Dean, where Dean grazes the backs of his fingers against Castiel’s cheek, before pulling the Angel closer still, intimately close, for a soft, sweet kiss. Their lips linger on each other for a moment, before Castiel pulls back, smiling, and presses another kiss onto Dean’s forehead. Dean presses his face into Castiel’s neck as though he is hiding from the sunlight.
“Try to get some sleep, Gabriel,” Jimmy says, voice trembling even as it stays even. “You’re tired.”
He can’t stop, nor can he help his awkward glances over to the dark haired Angel the whole way through his father’s second speech which once again welcomes the host of Angels, reminding what an important and wonderful day this is. Dean’s heart is hammering against his chest, his limbs feel numb—the Angel is breath-taking. He barely pays attention when Bobby stands up to say a few words, and instead glances away from the blue and black winged creature quickly whenever he thinks the Angel might notice Dean staring over at him.
It’s loud, and busy—ridiculously so, already. Castiel frowns at the silhouettes of people in the windows of the house—
There is a painful silence for a few moments, and Dean bites his lip, his heart hammering, before Ellen sighs, exasperated at Dean’s sudden inability to speak.
a voice in the back of Castiel’s head continues to both fume and laugh sourly, “I thought you’d left?”
The guilt that is like black waters rising steadily through lungs, soaking him deeper than bone. Guilt about how he shouted at Michael, pushed him away, guilt about Dean, his mistreatment of him. Guilt about how his grief has swallowed him and threatened, for a moment, to make him forget that anybody else existed.
if only a cub, and that she had a mouth full of teeth and claws that would grow long and sharp—and she was not going to let anyone pull them out or sand them down without a fight. “And in return for me teaching you to fight, Jo, I’d like to ask something of you.”
But at the death of his father, looking down at his hands makes him feel just the opposite. These hands, old in the ways that eyes grow old, are not as good at the concrete as Jimmy’s were; Castiel cannot cook, cannot comfort, like Jimmy could. Castiel is centred too far in the abstract, and the abstract within. Something in his hands sings this. But perhaps this will be a year for change.
“You said people say someone is a sweetheart if they love them a lot,” Dean answers. Isn’t that kind of obvious? Castiel beams down at his plate, ears pink. “I love
Much less does he know what to do when Ruby calls him in a flurry of terror because Sam has overdosed and his eyes are rolling into the back of his head:
“So we brought Michael back. He’s okay, by the way! He and Adam decided to stay up in heaven, to help out. But Castiel was frustrated—he said I was too young, that I didn’t deserve the burden which I had, on me. He also said you were probably worrying about me, and I said,
Warm amber flames tumble upwards and are dyed blues and greens by the firelighters and the ink of the newspaper before licking across wood.
“This is for the benefit of the kingdom, Dean,” John reminds. His voice has softened, but does nothing to soothe the storm raging in Dean’s heart.
He looks up from the baby to his ex-best friend. Castiel watches him with wary eyes. He seems almost
“You’re human, now, buddy,” he says, voice curled by his smile against Castiel’s lips. “If we wrestled, I’d win.”
“Four and a half!” Anna corrects, calling the words down the hall as she leaves the kitchen in a huff.
The sunlight drapes its way into their room, like the white sheets strewn about around them, draped over two bodies which are draped around each other. They awake slowly. They kiss slowly. Hands frame jaws and drift up the ropes of spines, nails graze skin sleepily and both of them, exhausted by the events of last night, fall asleep again agreeing how good and right it is to wake up to each other, not only to wake up to each other again, at long last, but to wake up to each other and kiss and touch.
“I will,” he agrees. His lips curve into a smile, bright as the dawn. “I will get you,” he repeats. “Which is more to me than any number of years of life.”
“And perhaps there was some,” Castiel answers, and Dean loves him all the more for the gentle sincerity of his tone, that Cas believes his words and is inviting Dean to do so. Dean loves him all the more.
“That’s good,” Jimmy says, gently, nodding. Dean nods, too, head moving to the same pulse as Jimmy’s. “And how is he coping?”
“You wanna know why I got in a fight, today?” He asks. Castiel pauses, presses his lips together worriedly. “You wanna know why it hurts so much, that Jimmy’s dead? You wanna know why I can’t stand to see you sell this house?” Castiel is as bewildered as ever. Dean’s expression turns sour. His thoughts, again, run away with him, hand in impulsive and volatile hand. “Wanna know why my dad hated me? Wanna know what I said to my mom, today? Oh, it sure did break her heart, Cas,” Dean shakes his head, “but she broke
he gives Dean the funniest looks every time Dean laughs at him. Claire watches them with a smile, and punches Dean’s arm enough times to ease him out of his fear and most of his shame. Dean lets her win. Claire knows.
He finds out while in Sammy’s new apartment: it reeks on the street outside and some pretty shady stuff seems to be going on two floors below; the walls are stained and it smells of damp and Dean, while attempting Sammy’s dishes because his brother has been incapacitated with what he assumes is sorrow and later realises is smack, finds hidden in a teapot like the stash of a fifty-year-old, broke down, beaten hippie: a bag of dirty looking powder, like crumpled poppy seeds and ash.
Dean stares, paying rapt attention. Castiel draws a breath in, long and steady and maybe a little theatrical, and begins.
John holds on tighter, too tight, and carries on pulling Dean up to his room, not saying anything. The silence, Dean realises, makes it worse, and his heart begins to flutter worriedly, a panicked bird in a cage, ripping at his chest. He wishes his daddy would talk to him, shout at him, anything other than keep his jaw clenched and the muscles in his face twitching.
“You should go,” Dean nods, glancing back over to Jimmy. “He’ll be here, soon, and he won’t want his dad—”
I know it's been a really hard year and I don't know the specificities of why this year has been particularly hard on you, personally, but I'm proud of you for making it so far. I feel like if this story taught me anything it's that FUCK trials come and are so so hard and recovery is long and hard but loving and being loved is what redeems all that. So, if you're reading this, I love you! Thank you for reading and loving this story. I owe you so much.
and while I was still a long way off, he ran to me, embraced me, and kissed me. No, perhaps he did not love me as I deserved, for the fact I loved other men. But he did love me, Dean,” Castiel says seriously. “I was loved. And welcomed home.”
“Where else is there?” Sam asks, obviously desperate. The look in his eyes settles Dean, at least a margin. Only one of them is allowed to be panicked at a time. He makes an unsteady attemnp at a steadying breath. He sighs and takes a seat, rubbing his forehead. The group seem to trust Dean, now, for they move the circle wider to make space for him. He presses his lips together a moment before answering.
Isaac grins, clapping Dean hard on the shoulder. Castiel can hardly contain his contempt for the gesture.
. He and Dean, when Dean drunkenly confessed everything. He and Dean, when they sat together during shiva and trod out the first awkward, hopeful and stilted steps of renewal. And he and Jimmy, when they first moved here, when Castiel was only four, when he saw the small green house across the road and thought, in spite of all of his sadness, how friendly it looked.
This is, of course, the vein along which the thoughts that were running through Castiel’s head on the night of Charlie’s party had taken, before things crashed and burned so terribly. But what if Castiel misread that night?
“Hands on your lap, Dean,” he instructs, feeling foolishly like a teacher, and Dean seems to spot it too, because he slurs out,
and protects Bobby’s heart from the ache of having to part with her. Perhaps if he were smarter, or braver, he’d be able to come up with something. Perhaps if it were
“Really, Sammy? Thanks for reminding me—‘cause I had no idea.” Dean snorts. Sam pulls a face at Dean and sits down next to Jo on Dean’s bed.
He sighs after this outburst, calming himself, breathing deeply for a few, pained moments. Thunder rumbles over distant mountains. His voice is quieter, softer—except more dejected, too—when he speaks again.
He invites Sam to join them that weekend, knowing how much Sam likes Jack—and vice versa—and feeling, not for the first time, a little jealous and resentful of it. The two walk ahead and Jack points animatedly at exhibits while Sam smiles and explains things to him, or listens, feigning—or maybe not feigning?—interest, to what Jack has to say, long and sprawling speeches, about them.
“I’m not,” Charlie shakes her head. “I think—I think… I don’t know. It’s been a while since I saw you last. But I feel like I haven’t been doing you justice in my memories of you.”
Dean is pathetic, is bathed and washed by other people; servants hold up cups of water to his lips and tilt his head forward to allow him to drink, they feed him and regard him with little more than pity, and none of the respect and reverence they once did.
Lucifer didn’t like this. He liked the pride, liked the glow in his heart set by his mother’s words. But when Michael cast his eyes downward as though he was ashamed of his own skin, Lucifer’s heart-glow dimmed. He liked it less. Sometimes his mother’s love for him grew tiresome.
at Dean’s lips, and the air between them now is charged with the same threat of thunder that lingers in the sky.
about, have been flung suddenly open. Cas kisses Dean like he’s hungry for something, pinning Dean back against the bed, cradling Dean’s head close, kissing fervently up and down the expanse of Dean bare neck, tongue slipping under Dean’s engagement necklace, and
Jack doesn’t bring it up, too much, though it obviously frustrates him that Castiel will neither visit nor speak of the Winchesters. Earth months unfold; Castiel wonders what Dean’s life looks like, now. Perhaps he visited that beach. Sand beneath his feet, sun beating like a pulse of honey on the air, like he always wanted.
Dean stares at the ground because he has nobody to pull a face to. Michael grabs them both a bourbon. Dean makes a comment on how he and Michael at least have their taste in booze in common, and Michael pulls a serious expression and says how much Jimmy liked whiskey. Dean says he remembers, and Michael says,
“Castiel is human, now,” Jack says, blinking in his weird and slow and sage way. “And has been, since I returned him from the Empty. We thought it might present an opportunity, to give him peace. Perhaps for different reasons.”
“Could you just find him for me, please?” Dean asks, trying not to think of how his voice rakes against his throat as he speaks. “Tell him I’m sorry?
“I’ve said, Anna,” Castiel answers, hardly looking up from where he stands, scrubbing a spatula, “it’s a pleasure to have you here.”
“You must admit,” the shepherd says thoughtfully, looking from Dean to Ellen, “there is some kind of resemblance.”
It starts up automatically and Dean’s face practically catches alight. If Cas listens to the end of this mixtape, what he’s gonna hear is an awkward, dorky expression of  probably unwelcome love.
“Yeah…” He murmurs, lips barely parted. Then he presses them together and sighs, brows knotting. Dean is quiet while Castiel thinks. “It’s weird to think I won’t have—y’know—this
Next chapter will be from Cas's perspective and feature him leaving Hera for this visit/returning for the next.
“I wish—” Cas says, and he sighs and puts down his sufganiyah. “I wish he…” His lip is turning downward, it looks hard to swallow. “It hurts so much, knowing… if I’m ever a father… he won’t get to be a grandfather to them,” Cas sounds self-conscious at this confession, and Dean flushes. “And I’ll never get to hand down his recipes for stuff, never get to cook with him while—while my kids play outside, never get to have big family dinners with him,” Cas has started crying in earnest and doesn’t finish his list. Dean wraps his arms around him.
here,” her already excited eyes glitter as she says this, and Dean cracks out a rough-edged chuckle, ruffling her hair.
“Yeah,” Castiel glances back at Dean and forces a closed-lipped smile. Something has changed in the air between them.
“Drink,” he says. When Dean sighs and does so, he elaborates. “Mrs Harvelle gave me some assistance, and furnishings, this afternoon. And her daughter gifted me some essentials from town,” he gestures to one of the shelves, with salt, garlic, the jar of honey. “As you can see. The last shepherd left some of his things, the hurry he was in. I’ve laid claim to them.”
Dean stares up at the ceiling, the dark wooden boards stretched across it, the ivy painted onto it, winding its way across each plank. He feels closer to his mother here, though not as close as he had hoped he would—it was silly to suppose, really, but… Dean had expected that being in the city in which she spent her childhood would lead to some terrific realisation as to what it was he’s meant to do, now, or some great acceptance of the way things had panned out for him. But he finds himself having no such luck.
“Remember when Castiel got published?” Chuck presses, eyes flickering softly. “Remember how your dad reacted?”
of it: no more the ruddy golden light of sunsets in Kansas, the greendawns opening like a window in summer to fields cloaked in mist and haze, ready for the tending. How anything but sorrow can grow in England is beyond Dean; stone buildings rise on every side dull and uncompassionate, not like the warm wooden frames in the centre of the towns Dean is used to, with their alleys smelling sweet with rot and heat in spite of the ammonia occasionally stinging the air. Here is a barricade to the senses, nothing subtle, everything grim.
Castiel watches the other man, who takes in deep and shaky breaths and seems both anxious and relieved; buzzed with something bitter like the tang of blood, and, finally, free from some great burden.
“Sam is here,” Gabriel frowns out at the room, mumbling the words to Castiel, who sighs and turns away from his brother. “And so’s Mary. So why isn't Dean?”
he given me to have faith in him? It’s not as though I’m doing it out of spite—I’m just looking at the evidence I’ve been given—and there’s a lot of it. You’re… You’re being
A meteor, a kingfisher, a man returned from a long journey. Static words spoken in the study of a house which might be grand if it were not so run-down, and a shepherd stood as still and as jealous as ice beside Dean. This is the beginning of the spell.
You’re crazy, I don’t know what you’re talking about—a crush on Castiel—” Cas is obviously listening and trying not to laugh, “I mean, he’s cool, but we’ve never really spoken—we’re not even that close—”
“Sometimes I don’t think I’m as perceptive as Dean says,” Jack says, honestly, and Claire, Cas and Dean burst out laughing.
But Castiel has raised his middle finger to his brother, and started to run, turning his music up as loud as it will go.
- It's not from Dean/Cas's POV so I'm sorry but you have to wait until next chapter (hopefully the 26th to make up for the delay) for more DeanCas fluff
I was a child, so I had less blood to lose!” he reasons. Dean huffs. This is a fair point. “Anyway, I say that, and few other things. I think I call her evil. Maybe call her a bitch,” Mick scratches his head, wrinkling his nose. “Can’t quite remember.
“He was so good,” Dean laughs, more tears spilling onto his cheeks, now. “People are so shitty, you know? Life is so bad. But Jimmy was so, so good.”
he indulges in trailing his fingers against Cas’s knuckles a little more than might be considered necessary.
as an older brother. Michael basically paved the way for Cas’s signature detached, distracted, troubled waters look. “Yes, I remember.” He glances at Dean and quirks a surprising, and sincere smile. It’s almost playful. “Between you and me, Dean, Samandriel was very boring. That was my biggest objection to him. Well, that and him not being Jewish,” he shakes his head, then says quickly, “no offense.”
“Mr Winchester,” a deep and rich and rough, indeed a musical voice sounds behind him, from the door. He turns to face it, and its source. “I,” Castiel looks nervous—more nervous than Dean has yet had the pleasure of seeing him. Strange, that Dean likes the faltering expression, glittering with worry, which veils the shepherd’s features, now. “—I feared, as you were taking some time—”
Dozens of voices yell—people are crammed up the staircase and down the hall, are peeping out from the doorway to the living room and craning their necks from the kitchen. Anna and Jo and Ellen and Mary and Gabriel and Michael and Hael—Dean worries about where the twins are, it’s late, and people are drinking and, now, yelling—old friends and family friends and co-workers, and though Dean doesn’t want to look for his face, he does, he can’t help it, but there’s no Cas. No Cas in sight.
“I told you to take the child and go,” Castiel answers, a firm line binding his brows together. “You listened to my instruction.”
“I spent all day thinking about that,” he admits. “I couldn’t figure out if it was overdue, or timed perfectly.”
There is a big white house which means home to a whole small clan of people. A house which meant pain for some of them, for a long time, a house which has held trauma and deceit but which is still, in the end, good. A house with big rooms and room to build dens and turn somersaults in. A house with a sprawling garden kept romantically and intentionally wild by a writer with dark scruffy hair slowly turning gray, piercing electric blue eyes framed by heavy brows around which, gradually, more and more lines are creeping in. A house with a bedroom with windows looking out onto the street, out of which you could, if you wished, clamber onto the roof of the porch and sit and watch the world go by, sit and chatter softly about the secrets of life or simply the anxieties of high school, could share a few beers, could confess a love undying wrought in friendship and kinship and a bond ineffable, could be broken, heartbroken, break a heart, break your own heart out of one part fear and another selflessness, could sit and restore the broken fragments of love and home with a single word, name, called out into the stretching darkness as you call across the street, could sit and look up at the stars filled with grief but the knowledge that, perhaps, you will be okay, though you don’t know how, only for the answer to come behind you in the form of your name said, again, on the roof of the front porch of the big white house, by the love of your life. You could, if you wanted, find your heart rising to your throat and all the stars stilling and singing and turning their gazes to watch a moment of complete magnitude in the little lives of two boys turned men: you could, if you wanted, pull out a box which had been hiding, waiting like a prayer, for months in the pocket of your coat and hold it out and ask the other to marry you as you hear trumpets echoing in the clouds around you. You could, if you wanted, say yes to the ring offered to you in return.
man,” Sam shakes his head, expression stung with worry and sadness. Dean swallows thickly. The toast goes dry in his mouth, doesn’t want to go down his throat. “When things go wrong—we need to
“One guy,” Dean grins, leaning out against the balcony rail, “actually deserved such a punch in the face, you should’ve been there, he was—”
Dean sounds defensive and wonders if the other boy thinks he’s rude. He doesn’t like that thought, and scrunches his hands together nervously, chewing at the inside of his mouth.
He turns and punches a hole in his wardrobe door. It splinters into his knuckles. The world is bleeding, he is bleeding, he has left Cas bleeding out on the roof of the house that was more of a home to Dean than the one he sobs in, now—a house he can never return to. He bleeds, Cas bleeds, they all bleed. He hears a door open and recognises the sound of his mom’s footsteps. They stop just outside his door and wait there, listening. Dean waits and listens too, kneeling down onto the floor and biting his tears into his bloodied fist. He imagines his mother’s breathing at the door. The only real sound is the rain as it begins, thundering in rugged earnest confusion like Dean’s thoughts—and, though maybe he imagines it, Dean thinks he can hear the reverberations of another teenage boy crying out in the storm.
Back home, Dean clears up the fragments of broken guitar from the study floor. He thinks Claire is in her room when she makes him nearly jump out of his skin by appearing at the doorframe.
it, east, against the current of migrants desperate for a better life. So what is it they are travelling toward, and what will meet them when they arrive?
This is something of a lie. Dean knows why he wants to hear Castiel speak in his own language. He likes the sound of Castiel’s voice, likes how rough it is against the Angel’s throat, the way it grazes the air between the two of them, how when Castiel speaks Dean often has to look down for a moment before making eye contact again.
Ellen comes round to theirs for dinner once a week, and they go round to hers another once. They also see a lot of Dorothy and Charlie, who probably see the pair as much as they do because of the three dogs that Sam shouldered onto Dean and Cas while he was in New Jersey. Charlie, as it turns out, fucking
Castiel nods again and slides Dean back into his bed, before crawling in beside him. Dean breathes in shallow, fast breaths. But Castiel lets his hand stray into Dean’s hair again, effectively calming him—albeit a little slowly. And then Dean edges closer to Castiel, pressing his face into the Angel’s chest again. Castiel sighs gently.
got a good heart,” Castiel corrects. Dean chokes on the bite of burger he’d been taking. The writer frowns. “Have you forgotten how to eat, Dean?”
After several months of focussing only on his writing, Castiel is persuaded by Balthazar to consider working on, or around film. Their wedding is set for late summer. The time Castiel moved into the white house opposite the green house on the fringes of Lawrence. The time summer rolled softly and sweetly into autumn, proving that mourning and healing were two threads in the same cloth. The time Dean and Castiel first met. The time this vast unknowable symphony of lovesong began playing for both of them, though neither of them realised it.
John looks tired—Dean was right—Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever seen the man looking so downtrodden. Bobby stands beside him. His hand rests reassuringly on John’s shoulder. Sam has grown considerably—but he has yet to bulk out, as Dean has.
interacts with Dean, which is inevitably even more than he interacts with even Samandriel, he is forced to acknowledge what a good friend Dean is, and how much Castiel would give to never be parted from him.
“Visibility without protection is vulnerability,” Castiel answers, shaking his head. “You wouldn’t have a rabbit stand in a field of wolves, just so the wolves might see how sweet it is before they consume it..”
He inhales. It’s good to be back in a stable, in fact. Not the small and pithy place of the Eyrie, with one young Thoroughbred, one old and surely dying Packhorse, a giant Shire horse, and one mule with the contorted features and signature stubbornness, if gentleness, of its kind. There’s something centering in returning to a place like this, with ten horses all fit and ready to saddle at a moment’s notice, about the sweet fresh hay on the air and the steady timber smelling faintly of pine. After the panic and craze of these past few months… This place is as comforting as it is invigorating.
trees? Am I not the king of this land? Do you think you have more claim over the creatures in it than
How had Jimmy done it? Taken his heartbreak and formed it into something both old and new and honestly, truly happy? And how can Castiel do the same?
“If you say so, honey,” her eyes crinkle at their corners. “Put your cars away when you’re done. The Novaks’ll probably be round in about a half hour.”
He uses this as the excuse to pull Cas up to start dancing with him—it isn’t because he likes the feeling of Cas in his arms, or Cas’s face when he’s confused or taken aback—it isn’t even because he likes the thought of Cas smiling and dancing with him more than almost anything in this or any other universe.
Dean had waited, faltering restless nights, left his door ajar and hoped to hear it creaking open—but what came? No shale-rumble of voice, the ageless, ancient being made flesh and blood, words creaking out past pale lips from some great entity, vast vacuum containing unknowable masses, within. No
“Dean really wants another kid, doesn’t he?” Claire says, and Castiel falters, and glances at her. “It’s fine,” she shakes her head. “I don’t say it out of, I don’t know, insecurity, or anything. It’s just. He really loves them.”
homeland, there, that night, because he was singing an Irish sailing song, when I spotted him. But he’d had too many—blind drunk, as I say—and slipped, and fair carved his hand open on some exposed rock.” Sam laughs, though he looks worried, and shakes his head. “Shale,” Cas says, and nods seriously to Sam, whose eyes are flickering with amusement, “you see,” and he tuts. “Splinters something terrible. And it did.”
“It’s fine,” Bela offers a short smile to Meg, before turning back to Dean as she says, “Anyway,” voice cold and words clipped, “can we help you?”
I’m the who’ll have to watch you murder the world, so if there is even a small chance that we can save you, I won’t let you walk away.”
“Because we’re in a Demon Kingdom, I must be doing as crappy as you?” Sam raises his eyebrows, almost defiantly at Dean. “Well, I hate to say it, Dean, but not all of us are as paranoid about the Demons as you are.”
Castiel apologises quickly, guilt prickling down his neck. Michael shakes his head and brushes Castiel’s comment aside with his hand, continuing.
“That’s not what you needed to hear,” Dean shakes his head, “and I ended up saying it out of anger, instead of out of care—”
“I had noticed, yes,” he nods. Dean glances at him fearfully. “I don’t regret it,” Castiel says. “Not for a second.”
“Not possible,” Anna shakes her head matter-of-factly. She goes on. “Everyone in the family is worried about you, you know. They all think you’re not yourself—what’s going on?”
“Oh,” Castiel fiddles with the spine of the poetry collection. “What about? And isn’t it—” He glances at his watch—“pretty late, over there?”
The days don’t exactly ease up. Jack is awkward and visibly flighty whenever Dean is around, and Dean is regularly unable to bite down on the unkind comments and answers to Jack’s questions which so often escape his mouth. When Claire leaves for camp, both Jack and Dean are terrified. What the hell, now?
His head is a spin for the rest of the day, which he seems to float through in a dull, feverish pulse. He cuts and binds hay in the late afternoon and is finished just as the sun begins to set beyond the sea. He watches it catch upon the waves and wipes the beading sweat from his brow with his forearm.
Dean’s smile grows even bigger and it looks like he’s tempted to start bouncing up and down with excitement.
wanted to. Your brothers and Mr Singer were not so late on their return. Were back hours ago, in fact. What were you doing, that ran so late, with that man?”
Mary comes out later and sees Dean and Castiel playing in the grass, covered in grass stains. Dean expects for her to tell him off for getting so dirty, but she only gives a small smile and calls him over.
Dean has to be even more guarded, and even more polite to Alastair than usual, now that he has the added leverage of the bird over them. If he pursued it, Dean is sure Alastair could prove how long Cathy was under their care, and in the eyes of the law their act would look a remarkable amount like theft, not the preservation of goshawk-welfare.
“Fuck anyone who tells you that,” he waved dismissively. “You’re my friend, you do whatever the fuck you like.”
“Something like that,” Castiel nods vaguely. “It’s difficult to… If people hate it, it’ll feel like they hate
“I’m just saying,” Castiel tries, and reaches out a hand which, in the bright gaze of daylight, surprises him when it finds its place on Dean’s shoulder. Dean seems surprised too, and turns, and stops. They look at each other. “If it doesn’t work,” Castiel says, eyes catching on Dean’s parted lips, “thank you. For everything.”
“You realise you’re only proving my point?” Benny chuckles, his voice wrapped with warmth. The way that he speaks—that soft, slow drawl of his voice and the long way he says his vowels has Dean breathing, soft and slow himself, his muscles relaxing slowly.
“Find out,” and doesn’t know why he does this, doesn’t know why he wants Castiel to dare, and Castiel brings Dean’s hand to
“That must be it,” Dean says, and tugs at Bobby’s pillow so that it lies a little straighter beneath his head.
“Oh. Sorry.” Silence. “Is Colt as square as he used to be?” She asks with a gentle smile. “Wait—is Colt even still
Now that Dean cannot very well go to the forge beside Cas’s home, and fashion or repair tools for the men in the local villages, or craft fine things for the women, he can’t earn the money he did before to pay for Bobby’s medical bills. Nor can he line the pockets of the farm at least a
“War,” Dean sighs. “It’s horrific. I don’t—” he bites his lip. “It felt like you’d abandoned us. And after all those bedtime stories about you guys—it felt—it
“That’s what he is,” Dean answers, resistance to the shepherd’s words flicking his insides in agitation.
Dean likes the burning innocence and purity of that night, this burning which had set under his skin, how calm he had felt just being
fucking living room,” he points out, but all this does is make Sam pull a face and mock the way Dean said
“You weren’t appreciating it well enough,” Dean answers with a smile. Cas chuckles. “So,” he says, “Keats, this evening?”
write storybooks,” Dean states, awed by this thought. He can feel how wide his eyes have gone. Castiel blushes the prettiest shade of red in the world at Dean’s words, his cheeks flaming like little furnaces.
“I did no such thing,” he shakes his head affectionately. Cas’s foot is pressing against his beneath the table.
what do you think—you think I’m,” Dean can barely find the words. He’s in heaven, and everything is ash. “You
Dean laughs the words out. He always was frustrating, infuriating, perfect. Castiel laughs, too. He’s in love. There’s no hope for him, not now. When he first laid a hand on Dean in hell, he was lost. Now he’s only further into the wilderness. He cannot turn back. He couldn’t want to.
“Are you a falconer, Mr Novak?” Bobby asks, and sounds both impressed and somewhat jealous. That resentful edge hasn’t retreated from his tone, yet, for Cas being the one to rescue the bird, in the end. Cas lowers the hood softly over her head, and she starts, but stays still.
“Oh—I’m so sorry—is there—are you two—there isn’t anything between you, is there? Have I gotten in the way of something?”
Michael tries to laugh, but the sound comes out hollow and a little too honest to be a joke. Castiel presses his lips together.
Castiel does not love you—well, how could he?” Lucifer laughs drolly, in Dean’s ear. This isn’t true, Dean knows it; it
“I’m surprised farming in Cornwall is so fruitful,” he finds himself saying, and then blanches, realising his rudeness.
Castiel laughs gently and presses a kiss to Dean’s knuckles. Dean smiles and closes his eyes at the touch.
attention to the proceedings at Eofor, or to the affairs of the Earthly Kingdoms; a girl who hated John with the flames of a thousand furnaces and who he found himself… Fuck, well, honestly—he found himself adoring her.
There is another, and another, and Castiel hears one of the guards muttering to another that there’s nothing to be done; that these occur every night, that Dean is always angry with whoever dares to wake him.
“To warm these,” he answers, pressing Dean’s hands between his own and blowing warm air between them. Dean watches him, can’t stop watching him.
“Dean, if it had landed anywhere near, we would’ve heard it. Besides, even if it did land close by, the fact we didn’t hear it tells me it’s nothing more than stardust, now.”
But Dean takes a hold of Castiel’s hand and sits them down, over the edge of the roof, looking out at their road, the trees, the fields, then hills, loping in the distance.
“I’ll never lie to you,” Cas answers. Dean laughs at the ridiculousness of this statement, but the shepherd somehow seems to hold it as true. “Now keep talking,” Cas murmurs into Dean’s neck, damp with steam and sweat. “I like listening to you.”
“I hadn’t meant to say it,” Dean admits, blushing. “Sometimes when I’m with you, things just slip out, and I don’t mean them to.”
love Castiel. Dean has proved as constant as he is self-sacrificing over the past nine years, if the mixtape of songs he recorded for Castiel is anything to go by.
“Yes,” Castiel nods. “It’s raw and brutal and personal to a degree that Angelic writing—at least, much of it—simply cannot compare to.”
“A shared dream, then,” Dean says, with a breathless laugh. He slips his free hand onto Castiel’s shoulder.
“Uh, apparently…” To Muriel’s question, and as he does, bewildered, with Mara beaming up at him and her arms still wrapped around Dean’s waist, Castiel appears, looking apologetic, but—and damn, if it doesn’t make Dean’s heart sing—pleased to see him.
“Let him make his own decisions,” Azazel snarls at Benny. “You want to save your brother, yes?” He asks, turning back to Dean.
Dean watches him, mouth open. It looks like he’s about to say something by the meaningful press on his features, but Michael, Hael and the twins have reached their car and stopped.
Dean’s eyes often trace the outlines of Castiel’s wings—he still stares at them, Castiel has noted, as though he can’t quite believe that they’re there—but on this occasion Dean actually says something of them instead of merely looking.
Cas glances up, out of Dean’s window, from where he lies on the bed. His nose is tucked under Dean’s jaw, his breath both tickling and warming Dean’s neck. Dean has been watching the way Cas’s chest rises and falls with each breath. He likes doing this. He likes counting the lines around Cas’s eyes and each of his charcoal eyelashes. He likes the moments like this; where the rest of the world is locked out, and Cas is
Castiel glances over to Dean’s beaming face, and a smile flickers across his features. Flutters run nervously through Dean’s gut at the Angel’s expression.
“You didn’t have to,” Dean glares. “Just because you’ve taught me what I didn’t know before, Castiel—”
“How are you doing that?” Dean gags at the end of a tequila. “God, I think some got in my lungs, they’re on fire.”
Dean moves himself, awkward and uncertain but still purpose-driven, and gets his feet planted on the ground. Actually standing up seems to prove a little more difficult, and he comes almost comically close to falling again, but Castiel is ready to loop Dean’s arm over his shoulder and begin walking the other man over to the white house opposite Dean’s childhood home.
“Think so,” Anna smiles warmly. About to leave, she stops again, pulling herself back into the room by the door frame. “Are you okay about this, by the way?”
“I’m not—I think—I won’t sell,” Castiel says, glancing at Dean, who struggles to cover up the fact he’s coming a little short of breath.
“The Angels have assured me that it is not the plague that has been worming through Corinna these past years—though they do say they fear it’s something similar—”
The first time they kissed, they were sat in the stables late at night. Lanterns hanging in their place, David and Michael sat on the floor, on the straw, the breaking of which sent out sweet and soft smells into the night air warm with intimacy. They had spoken for hours, in the air hung the steady, certain knowledge that they will speak for many more.
He remembers the look in Dean’s eyes when Castiel was struck with the blade and removed it as easily as a splinter in his palm. Not so easily removed was the love this blade must have been laced with.
They go to a diner. Claire can eat more fries than Dean ever would have thought possible. And after the diner, it’s the mall, and Cas tells Claire he’ll buy her whatever she wants, but of course Cas doesn’t have any money because he’s only been human for a grand total of two days—well, four days, but two days with Dean. So obviously Dean is the one who has to pay for Cas’s extravagant parenting.
In the early evening, after seeing to the sheep and wading through snow up to their shins, they sit in the croft and eat the small dinner Cas has prepared for them. In the time of their preparing, eating, and talking through this, snow has continued its drift down to sleep on the hibernating land, and the sky has darkened from purple-blue to pitch. Dean catches Castiel flickering his gaze, troubled, out the window behind him.
which she does with Dean all the time, but has never done with Castiel, before. And it’s there, it’s
Cas stifles a yawn, blinking sleepily as he places a book in his suitcase with a finality that suggests it’s the last of them.
“I, uh—” he fumbles in his pocket a second, unable to reply. “I got you a leaving present. Don’t—don’t open it until you’re on the plane,” he shoves the small parcel clumsily into Cas’s hands. “Just—I’m gonna miss you so much, Cas,” he confesses, mortified. “Don’t forget about me, over there.”
“Are you sure?” Daniel asks, but he already sounds grateful. Dean confirms. “Well, that’s very kind of you. Muriel and I can clear up, in here.”
“I’ve never been abroad,” Dean points out. Cas takes a hold of his hand. “What do you think I’d make of London?” He asks.
This is an attempt at humour, and Castiel doesn’t appreciate it in the slightest, though Gabriel snorts into his food and both Castiel and Michael turn to give him hard, unamused expressions.
And still, somehow, Jo finds it in herself to ask Dean and Castiel to respectively recite the hymns they sang, this time last year.
Dean starts drying Castiel’s hair, more gently, now. He pulls the towel back from Cas’s face, so that it no longer covers his vision. A fixed yet absent smile sits at Dean’s lips. Castiel watches him, cannot stop. Could, for twelve years, never stop. And now he has no call to.
“No,” Cas tries to shake his head, but is hardly able to with the force his face is pressed against Dean’s body. “It was—I’m just being stupid—”
Robert Singer is more hunched than Dean remembers. Six decades old, his legs have begun to crumple to the mysterious cause of an unknown diagnosis. He walks with two canes.
“Obviously,” he glares at Dean, who shrinks down where he sits and pulls a pained, remorseful expression.
Dean laughs and shakes his head as Castiel paws over several books before picking up the ones he finds most appealing.
“She wouldn’t have taken you seriously,” Dean chuckles, wry and slightly distracted. Castiel catches Meg watching and smirking at the pair over Dean’s shoulder. Bela stares wide-eyed and confused. All the others, including Tamara and Isaac, look more than a little puzzled. “She would’ve just thought you were being kind,” Dean nods to himself. “—Which isn’t surprising, ‘cause you being friends with me
Castiel loses track of how much time he spends in Hera. Michael is forced to leave after a short while, Castiel assumes by his duties, although the High King returns to the Human Kingdom on several occasions, visiting and leaving in a sporadic manner that seems to reflect his state of mind quite perfectly.
He balls his fist and glares at the dark wood of the table, varnished almost black. Around them, flashes of iridescent colour from the starlings flittering about the bronze bars of their cages. Novak, against the dark wood and walls of the room, and the flashes of fragmentary colour in the bird’s wings, fits in very well. He fits in
“What is this?” Castiel asks, looking up at Dean. He forgets about the rain outside with the look Dean wears on his face, staring at Castiel.
“—Human,” Dean corrects. Cas squints at him. He looks like Claire. He also looks like, two days into their relationship, he’s already considering a break up. “I think they look great, Claire,” Dean looks back over to her. Cas glares at him. Dean laughs, but Claire rolls her eyes and goes back to the changing room. When she comes out again, she’s wearing pair of jeans that Cas works
“Bobby found it, out near the cliffs. Honestly, I think it had lost its way in the wind, and was only exhausted, not hurt. But he took it in. And is holding on to it longer than necessary.”
But tears aren’t always a bad thing. Even if they’re tears of sorrow. Even if they’re tears of sorrow, strange and unusual, from
Eventually, Cas softly takes his hand and tugs him onwards. Isn’t this what Dean was longing for? His fingers tighten on Castiel’s. Warm in the cool of the night.
“This isn’t just some ailment you can cure with your ridiculous plants and potions,” Dean’s lip curls, eyes stinging. “You know, I suppose, that the doctor from town has said there’s no good? It’s like a tree rotting from the trunk, it doesn’t matter the branches we fell. You think
“To set things into motion, Prince Dean,” Lucifer smiles. “To push over the first tile in the trail of dominos. Before I go, I would simply like to reassure you that
“I wanted to ask,” Castiel takes a gentle hold of his wrists. Dean knows he only does this because out in the field, they are so secluded, and the light is so low. “Won’t you come for dinner?”
Dean’s father stands in the main courtyard and says his goodbyes to the rest of the soldiers leaving with Dean. Dean doesn’t miss the way John’s hands tremble with goodbyes, too. He hates that something in his heart treasures the fact his father is afraid as well. He hates that it surprises him.
the King repeated, still bitter. Anna could not stand the contempt with which he regarded the little baby in her arms. It was at that moment that, no matter what her father said, no matter what her brother tried to use the little boy with blue and black wings for, no matter what the price of his entering the world was, Anna would love him as a sister should her brother,
“Um,” he falters, eyebrows drawing his features together, “I’m not sure…” He admits. “I haven’t exactly been around to track the changes,” He points out, to which Dean blushes. “But during shiva, I guess, I tried to work it out, a little…”
“Looks like it,” Castiel sniffs, taking a swig of his beer. He draws his knees up to his chest. Balances his chin on them. Dean stares steadily at him, unusually determined.
talking about you not telling Adam that the man who’s become a father to him is in a state of unknowable, and it would seem swiftly declining health.”
Of course the whole world is emptied, of course Dean barely cares. What could make him care, now? He wasn’t worthy of Cas’s words, let alone the feeling which brought them forth.
Castiel sighs inwardly and settles a little further into his seat. He thinks he can feel Dean’s gaze press at the side of his face as he turns to look at Queen Bela—but he doesn’t look back at the Human. To do so would be to break his heart a little further. Eventually the discussion dies down a little, and Queen Bela rises and exits to speak alone with Campbell, who still seems to be stubbornly refusing to cooperate for any given amount of time. Castiel glances up to see Dean conferring with the same knight he was speaking to earlier, who has appeared beside him at the table, and something fractures inside the Angel’s heart to witness this.
“Dean whisperer, too,” Sam points out, drawing beside them. “You’re normally as flighty as that hawk of Bobby’s.”
“Oh, you’re talking to loverboy!” Balthazar exclaims. “Let me say hello,” and he snatches the phone from Dean’s hand. Dean rolls his eyes and Balthazar tells him to shave, which he does, going into the ensuite while Balthazar sits on the bed and lectures Cas about the beautiful actors and actresses he met at a party last night.
he leans forward as he touches the place delicately. Dean flushes, that someone could notice all the minutiae of himself, like this. “It’s the prettiest frown I’ve ever seen, Winchester—something too adorable—”
Dean takes a hold of Castiel’s hand again, on pure impulse, not even riding the excuse of alcohol, of which he has had none, and leads Castiel down the hall of Lisa’s place. The route is mangled and twisted by drunken dancing teens and classmates making out or shouting or crying or laughing or some combination of the above. Cas looks lost and as sombre as a tired old man.
“But maybe she thinks it’s not her place to make contact with you,” Ellen reasons. “What if she’s waiting for you to show that you’re ready to rebuild things?”
Dean—and then, perhaps, someone can at last tell Castiel all the knowledge he has been deprived of, his entire existence.”
Castiel will trail a hand through the soft spikes of Dean’s hair before he’s too awake to shrug him off, before this closeness becomes offensive.
“But some people would say you and I are pretty different,” Castiel points out in thoughtful affection. Dean shakes his head.
against it, like it would be for an attack, if you see. And it started making this noise and all of the others joined in—like they were singing. So we tested it out: hit different ones in different ways, hit different ones at the same time. It was
Eventually, feeling left out of the conversation, Castiel moves away and finds one of Charlie’s cousins to speak to, who is luckily just as talkative as Charlie, so Castiel doesn’t have to do much legwork.
“Then where’s the fucking ring, Romeo?” Claire shoots back. Dean gives her a look, before fumbling in his pocket.
go assuming shit.” Castiel looks taken aback and put out by Dean’s words, but Dean doesn’t even want to apologise. “You don’t understand. You’ll
“Still,” Dean can’t seen to catch his breath from running away from Jo, though that was whole minutes ago. “It seems a waste of your many talents.”
“Uh-huh,” Jimmy confirms, “and parents say it to their children, and so on. People who love each other.”
“No, why should you be?” The rain thunders around them. His hands sting a little. “I was being stupid, I was jaywalking. I ran across a road in the rain—I mean, how dumb can you get?”
Jael asked, choosing to press on, rather than dwell on the morbid implications of Raphael’s cold, calculating nature.
“Did I see Cas, earlier?” Sam asks, and Dean balks. “Out there?” He raises his index finger in the smallest of gestures to point to the windows looking out onto the hall. Dean flushes.
“Just so.” Silence, as he stirs the cider gently. The focus of his gaze on the pot has Dean’s insides clamping up. How can something be so soft and so penetrative? “Lay the table?” He asks, turning to Dean again. Dean rises and does so, watching the shepherd uneasily. There is a shelf with a few clay plates, bowls, cup and mugs, and mismatched wooden and pewter cutlery.
close. But on the other, this is the first time Dean and Cas have just been caught together, doing—well,
“Castiel,” A familiar voice, rough and warm with gravel sounds behind the Angel. Castiel’s heart stutters and stops inside his chest—because it feels like
the next chapter, by the way, will be the BIG chapter in which everything is revealed, everything is confessed, and SO MUCH is gained
“Think he’ll show?” Sam asks. He paces falteringly as they wait. His voice has rung unsteady ever since—
“So like I said,” he still neglects to look further than the first row of faces that compose his audience, “I’ve been writing a couple of original songs, lately—and they suck dick,” Dean laughs suddenly, self-deprecatingly, “but I thought I’d share ‘em. I don’t know. This is called Travelling Alone.”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas rumbles. His head inclines gently to the side, his eyes smile, he seems ancient and ethereal; it’s like a picture, like something grand and sublime and sweeping you’d see in the Louvre.
“I guess—I guess we’ll find out,” Dean smiles, glancing back to meet Cas’s gaze. “I mean… I hope so.” He glances back down at Castiel’s shoulder. “And your clothes are all wet.”
And so it was. Henriksen nodded, lips pressed suspiciously together, and slung the doe over his shoulder easily, carrying it over to the brilliant, ruddy-brown stallion that was his mount.
“It certainly sounds it,” Castiel agrees, nodding, disguising his cynicism as thoughtful imaginings of Dean’s possible adventures across the sea. “Where would you go?”
Castiel loosens his grip the moment he realises how intense this is—which is probably several too late; he and Dean have been staring at each other, panting in the moonlight, for a while, now. But Dean doesn’t move his hands out of Castiel’s. He licks his lips. Castiel wonders—and can’t help but dream about—what will happen next. He wonders who will be the first to speak. He wonders what they will
Castiel thinks suddenly of the time difference between UK and the U.S. and worries about how early it must be.
“But not anymore,” Dean replies, not even needing to ask this as a question: he knows the answer. Cas experienced a moment of weakness, of vulnerability, in which he considered opening up. But not anymore.
“Well, I only mention it, because he’s a porn star,” the director goes on, as though this is hardly important.
The barman—a tall, muscled guy with a thick, dark beard and dark brown eyes—gives him a smile and a wink when his drink is made. Charlie titters again when his back is turned.
“And I’ll be damned if I let you shoot it first,” the King of Eofor kicked his horse forward, too, while the hunting party waited behind. John laughed again as the pair rode through the forest, quieter now, their dogs running ahead of the thump of their horses’ hooves on the fallen leaves beneath.
Dean stares. He and Cas are in the eye of a storm. The sumless stars could start falling like snow, any minute.
“There was a small fire, during my visit,” Alastair says, still watching Dean. “Nothing of much consequence.
Cas was kind, Cas listened, once upon a time. And it was a blessing: he wouldn’t have continued without it, even when he couldn’t come out to Cas and Cas couldn’t see it. Or, rather, modest Castiel Novak
“You leave this house, without losing your job,” Dean answers, heart hammering. Words ridged with fury.
So at least Adam has promised not to share what he saw with anyone. But still, fear is drenching Dean’s insides, and has been the whole week. He hasn’t found the opportunity to speak to the shepherd, because every chance he gets, he’s either interrupted by more tasks, or care for Bobby, or the shepherd is out, not in the Croft, obviously caring for Miss Kline and her new child.
Perhaps, but loving in the shadows is harder when the days of summer are so long, here. Daylight stretches long into what should be night, and darkness lasts only a few hours, and even then it seems dimmer than the thick darkness Dean saw in winter.
expression frustrated and exhausted; Bobby glares at Dean and immediately instructs him to stop being so
“And ordinarily,” Dean continues, “I come in exhausted from work. Is it so bad that I don’t help out? It’s not as though I’ve been lazy.” He sighs, jaw clamping. “You’re always
to dab at the weeping wound of Dean’s life. He will come to long to remember their final goodbye; the tone, the intonation, the nod of Jimmy’s head as he said it and the wry, loving shape of his smile. He will burn with sorrow and cry in the dark vaults of his apartment, rushing out of classes because a phrase or a joke or even a word reminded him too much of Jimmy, Jimmy Novak, the kind man with the wonderful son, the man who, in another life, Dean would be able to call ‘father’ as he slung an arm around Cas’s shoulder and kissed the arch of the high, perfect cheekbone of Castiel Novak, Jimmy’s youngest son.
Now, after Castiel has grown for nine years, had convinced himself he cared nothing for Dean any more, that those feelings were a chapter of his past he had no need to return to, after convincing himself that beyond hate, he felt nothing more than blind
“You must know how it feels—” Michael shakes his head in Castiel’s arms. “I have seen the way you look at him—”
“I know that all of this is…” He pauses a moment. “I know you’re angry at the world and at the Angels and at their Prince, for everything. But I wish…”
Jimmy glances over his shoulder from the pot of tea he’s been brewing. Dean cradles the coffee already in his hand, nervously, distractedly noting the sinews of muscle that the heat from the cup creaps along, tendrils of reluctant, heavy warmth from the white ceramic.
which considering the day he’s having is really saying something. Castiel seems to soften, taking pity.
They eat some of the fish Dean and Jack have caught this week for dinner, Jack excitedly telling Cas about all their fishing trips, and repeating all the tips and phrases Dean has given him, over the past few weeks, on the matter. He spends half the time copying Dean, in his manners and expressions, and the other half getting too excited by the charade and breaking character.
Dean laughs, the sound blooming out into the warm night air between them. His hair is darker in this light—almost like Samandriel’s, but softer, sweeter, even now more like a rich, dark caramel, stuck out at rebellious and awkward angles. Castiel’s heart is raw.
He pauses, lips parted, breathing slowly in and out, still looking down. “And it’s okay to be sad about it. It reminds me that he meant a lot to me, that he was a good man. And he
“You’re going to hell,” he spits, his teeth gritting. Tears have almost filled his eyes, and he knows for a fact that it’s because he’s thinking of his
“I think he must be a little sad about it, yes,” Dean’s mom squeezes his shoulders softly. “But I wouldn’t talk about it with him, if I were you. Not unless he talks about it first, which I don’t expect he will. It might make him even more sad, or make him remember how sad he felt about it in the first place. So don’t bring it up. Okay?”
“Doesn’t matter,” he mumbles. “I wanted to get you something nice. They said this was lavender honey. I don’t know what that means.”
“I don’t know!” Dean exclaims, giggling. “Love is—love is staying with someone. Love is facing the humiliation—the fear—of asking them to stay with you.”
“Thank you…” Dean nods, bowing his head. He places the book on his bed—not bothering to mark the page; either it wasn’t very interesting—or, more likely—since the time of Castiel’s betrayal, it, like every other book Dean has attempted to read, hurts too much to grow attached to. After the servant leaves he lies back on the bed and rubs distractedly at the mark on his forearm. It hurts to touch; he doesn’t know why he insists on continuing to do so when it causes him so much pain. It’s the searing kind of pain after being burnt by hot water, the kind that leaves skin feeling tight and irritable and as though it is spread far too thinly across the bone.
It hasn’t seemed very possible since Castiel’s mommy died, and even less so considering how sad Amelia must have been to want to die in the first place. Castiel’s eyes start to hurt in a hot, prickling kind of way and he realises he’s about to start crying—but he hadn’t wanted to cry at all when he’d been talking to Dean.
“Mmh,” he hums in agreement. The darkness around them has crept in, intimate, pushing them together with an unknowable warmth and weight. Pitching their tent—their
But, six earth months into their work on the new heaven, Jack brings it up, again. They’re sat on a verdant lawn which Castiel planted, and grew, and sustained, himself. Not by heavenly hand but by the soft tendering of almost-human ones: the necessary dedication of a quieter love.
An enormous, dappled yellow-brown bird sits on a perch closest. Dean steps over uneasily, but he’ll admit, his interest is piqued. The creature wears a gray-black leather hood, but when Alastair steps over to him and removes it, a shock of yellow eyes are revealed which make Dean start back. The bird starts too, its call is ugly and jagged. Dean winces. But the man next to him doesn’t so much as flinch.
Dean’s heard of her, and so has Benny. A Demon whose powers are more renowned and feared than any other.
these words are hissed, and maybe there is some anger simmering just below Chuck’s surface. Dean glances at Sam, who seems choked by this. “Eternal shame, suffering, and loneliness,” Chuck says heavily, then with obnoxious lightheartedness, “whew! That’s deep.” His face sets. “That’s sophisticated. That’s a page turner.”
“I’m seeing Dean up to his room,” the shepherd explains, and Dean flickers back to the present, and Bobby is staring at Dean like he just asked him a question, but Dean was too far off, treading the walkways of the past, to answer it. “He’ll be right by morning, I suspect, Mr Singer. I gave him some balm for his ankle.”
“Would you like to take a closer look?” He asks, something smug and warm flickering in his eyes, and Dean has to look down, want and need burning inside his chest as cool water ripples around his legs in the shallows of the pool, sunlight spattering of its dappled surface and painting itself across his freckled skin.
“You feel uncomfortable, when you’re not working,” he observes, and Dean’s heart stammers. He doesn’t like the cut of this comment, nor the perceptiveness of those eyes.
“You may,” he answers, and his words are like the mulled wine they have drunk dry, tonight. Sweet and heavy and spiced.
instead of ‘Castiel’. He doesn’t mind, not in the slightest; and in fact quite likes it and how it seems a reminder of the fact that he and Dean are definitely,
“I was annoyed by how much I still felt for you,” Castiel answers, and is, honestly, flustered by his own honesty. Which is to say nothing for how Dean seems to feel.
“You liked it?” Dean repeats, hands grazing up Castiel’s thighs. The Angel’s breath catches in his throat.
“He’s worried about me, apparently,” he explains, and sighs. “He doesn’t want to go yet. But it was suffocating me, so I—well, I got out the house. Which is what he actually wanted me to do, I think.”
“You don’t care,” Dean shakes his head. He wipes a rain-sodden sleeve across the tear-tracks on his face. “You don’t care,” He repeats. “Don’t care, don’t care,” He shakes his head, over and over, while Castiel worriedly grips at the steering wheel. What’s happening to Dean?
made its way into his blood, his air, his ether, is grace, and everything in-between so that everything Castiel, and everything in-between, was lost to it. To Dean.
“I think,” Jack says, rising slowly from his seat, “I should come and visit you both, later. Dean—I’m sure you’ll have a few things to say.”
“The first one?” Mara asks, smiling innocently, little understanding the weight of what she’s asked of Dean, in asking him to sing, and of Cas, in requiring him to listen.
Dean buries his face in Cas’s shoulder and starts laughing and shivering in the downpour. He rocks their bodies slowly to the beat of the rain, and of his heart.
Six months pass like a life sentence. It’s the curious thing about uncertainty, that it stretches out time as much as it condenses it. Dean gets offered a job as a firefighter. Like he wanted when he was a kid. Still saving people just—more conventionally.
“Remember how dad taught Dean the piano? Until Dean was so good he could play any song you asked of him by heart?”
the Queen turned back to her youngest son. Her pale skin seemed almost the same translucent colour as the moon in the cool light of the twin’s quarters.
to Humans. He’s never been able to examine their features, see their eyes in clear daylight and unobstructed as he can now.
The morning of his flight to England, Castiel packing the last of his things with his heart fluttering nervously in his throat, he waits, ears prickling with the desperation to hear a knock at the door. To hear Dean, on the morning which will mean reparation or dismemberment, to hear Dean ready to weld together the broken pieces of their souls by saying a goodbye which acknowledges the weight of these fourteen years. He aches for it. The poets never speak of the anguish of losing a friend. Why do they never speak of it? Lost love is seen as worthy subject, but why only if that love is romantic? Dean and Castiel’s love has sprawled out in so many more directions than just romantic. Apparently it never
” Castiel sighs, seeming satisfied even by the thought. “Do you understand?” He asks, glancing back at Dean’s probably very much confused expression.
“Not after everything,” Dean shakes his head. “Not now.” Castiel swallows around something sharp. Dean lets out a breath which must equal an unbinding. “You said, just now, you wanted to grow old with me…”
“Yeah,” Dean chuckles, heart thrilling in his chest. He twines his fingers through Cas’s dark tufts of hair. He’s missed this hair. Missed the feel of it against his palm as he ruffles it. Missed the short hairs at the back of Cas’s head prickling at his fingertips. Missed the smell, missed the sight. Sometimes the raw fact of his physicality with Cas—his ability, now, to be physical with Cas, to touch and graze and stroke—still overwhelms him. Makes his head feel heavy. Makes him feel heady. “I love you, too.”
at her, laughed in front of everyone, and now everyone with half a brain stared at her, wondering what exactly it was she could have done to earn such derision from the King of Hera.
Fire flares behind Dean’s father’s eyes, and he raises his hand to Dean, who flinches back a moment to late. A white heat blooms across the left side of his face. He tears his vision back up to his father, lip curled, furious at the burn of his eyes.
“Oh,” he slips off his chair and sits down on the floor opposite Mara, “when he moved to England for college—university—we just stopped speaking.” He swallows. “That kind of thing happens, and that’s okay.”
you how to fight, yet, and already I fear for my life after saying that,” Dean grinned, shaking his head.
“No,” Castiel shakes his head. “Angels don’t generally ride. It would be very difficult to up in the mountains, anyway.”
not wearing something like this, because he’d definitely fall on his way up the steps—as they climb up the stairs to take the award.
“Oh, you did,” Dean nods his head fervently, slipping off his chair and following Jimmy to the sink where he begins to wash their plates. Castiel follows after him.
Castiel repeats. He looks down. He doesn’t want to have to look at his siblings’ dissatisfaction with him at this time. He knows that Anna must be wearing the same kind of expression as Michael is, and the thought is more than he can bear.
Sam is far taller now. Even in the small months between Castiel’s last visit and now, Dean’s brother has grown even larger. Dean laughs and jokingly tells Castiel that by the time Dean is able to walk again, his brother’s head will be touching the ceiling.
“Finish setting the table?” The shepherd asks. Dean does so, hopeless and wordless. The shepherd prepares them some yarrow leaf tea to drink alongside their meal. The tea from the mushroom, he says, will take a while longer, still.
And he can’t repair the space between him and Castiel, now. He’ll try to, though. He’s spent his whole life trying to fix things. Even his dad.
Whatever the shepherd seems to have been expecting, it was not this. He blinks. His eyes shine in the dark. Dean is tempted to turn on his heel and bolt, but—but do Castiel’s eyes shine with
“You’re still in,” Dean gestures, blinking away the glitter in his eyes, laughing hoarsely, “you’re still in your trenchcoat, man. You’re gonna
But Bobby stops his whispering to Elowen. Luck doesn’t go Dean’s way; luck doesn’t go his family’s way. He should’ve known. Luck never goes his way. He got months of it, in this place. It wasn’t built to last.
They sit down for lunch—only Sam, Adam, Ellen, Dean, and the shepherd. Mick is out escorting Bobby to the solicitors, Jo is out running errands. Novak sits opposite Dean. Dean stares sullenly down at the table—lunch is smoked fish, fresh from the sea, greens, and the bread which has just been pulled from the stove. Dean thinks sadly of the stretches of time he spent on Sundays and Holy Days, sat at the lakes of his old state, fishing. Waiting and reeling in a soft circle of motion and stasis until the fear and anger in his heart had dimmed to nothing more than quiet ember. He remembers the happy look on Sam’s face when he would come back with enough to feed them for a week, and
“Dean, get a move on,” John sighs. Dean looks up at his father. “The boy can stay,” he rubs his temples, closing his eyes.
“Yes, as a matter of fact,” Crowley returns Dean’s expression as he answers his question. “We were very closely allied with Dione while their King was alive, and now, it is questionable whether such ties will remain.”
“I’m getting another drink,” he announces, standing up. Over at the bar, he gets caught in conversation with Charlie’s parents, who then drag him over to meet Charlie’s Godmother, who works in publishing. Castiel doesn’t have the heart to tell them he doesn’t really need a publishing connection, being, actually, pretty successful at this point. Trapped talking to her, and then to her husband and their daughter, Castiel has no idea how much time has passed since he left Dean and the others. He also has no idea who’s approaching him until he’s tapped lightly on the shoulder. Turning, he is met by big brown doe eyes and a nervously fluttering smile. He nearly takes a step back out of shock.
“That’s too bad!” Dean raises his voice. “I don’t care! I’m supposed to look out for you, and you’re doing your best to make it as hard as possible! Why?!”
“Coat—” Dean groans, holding his head with a pained expression as his knees knock together clumsily. “In—bar—”
“I’ve—” Dean stammers, brow twisted, “when I remember,” he says. Novak sighs, exasperated. Dean scowls.
of them with Demon blood? Those are innocent lives! Why are you doing any of this?! What could you possibly stand to gain?!”
“No, me too,” Anna shakes her head, stepping into the kitchen. “It wasn’t—sensitive of me. Sensitivity isn’t a strong point—”
And like a flashback to the day Dean told her the Terrible Thing, how Cas was gone forever and it was his fault, her balled fists are beating against his chest again and she’s sobbing again and so is Dean. Cas is about to heave Claire off of him but Dean doesn’t want to let him. He lets her anger rain down. He wraps his arms around her and shakes with his own tears and Claire’s rage swells like a wave before caving in on itself. And she’s not punching him anymore. She’s hugging him.
“What we hoped he’d do,” the Demon—Vetis—answers, for him. Before Dean’s stomach can sink, Vetis is smoke again, and riding on the wind.
“Cas,” He says, and in the word is all eternity, is the fold of a body pressed close in darkness but not quite touching, not quite touching perfectly. A voice, a form, stung with longing, stung with a barren hope for more.
“If you’re looking for absolution,” he shakes his head hopelessly, “I can’t give it to you, right now. I’m tired. This can’t just be a healing conversation, and that be it, us be resolved. I don’t really know… Honestly, I don’t really know if I could ever completely forgive you. I have daddy issues on daddy issues, but I know them and I can name them. I don’t even know where to start describing everything I feel about you… I know exactly what I’d say to John if he was back, ‘cause… It was pretty simple, right? He hated that his son was queer. But you… I wanted so much from you, for so long, and didn’t get it. I can’t name everything that did to me or to… us. To our relationship.” Dean pauses, then confesses brokenly, “You—you promised you’d keep me
I know it's been really heavy, as well. I feel like you all deserve the loveliness of these final chapters. It's been a heavy four years for me, it's been a heavy year for all of us! I hope this story provided a light in some of the fog. Enjoy this chapter. Loads of love:)
“God could not abandon you,” Castiel’s heart breaks as he says it. He knows how false these words must ring to Dean—but it’s the truth. He can see Dean’s soul, now; knows what it contains—all shining and sorrowful beauty. Riddled with doubt but also wrought with love. Love. His heart breaks. Love. “God could not abandon you,” he repeats. “Not ever.”
“I know,” Dean replies, and squeezes tight. He pulls away, leading Castiel down the stairs, holding onto Castiel’s hand—it sends his head reeling to be touching Cas in this way, but he doesn’t care, because he’s
“Do not leave me,” he begged, “not here, please. Don’t leave me here—I am so sorry, Ahava, for all of it—all those lost years, all that I did—I would give the moon itself over to death, if you could stay—my love, Love, stay—”
The same blue eyes. They haven’t changed at all. Startling, like lightning over the sea—or rather, like being
“I love you,” Dean blurts out. Cas blinks, as though surprised, as though he could ever be surprised by this. Most worthy. Most deserving. “We all loved you. But
“Dean,” Bobby sighs, rubbing his forehead. “Considering everything, this really is a fair solution.”
He doesn’t even know what to say, because beneath it all, it’s completely fair. Beyond completely fair—that Sam would want to move up and beyond the literal chasm of life in the bunker and life on the road, that he would want to actualise the dreams and gifts he possessed outside of what was landed on him by the whims of an abusive God—it’s all completely fair. And yet it flares a rage in Dean which threatens to scorch the earth of their relationship beyond the possibility of regrowth.
And from Plymouth, to a backwards farm with no doubt backwards people, and with Robert’s no doubt insane demands for its care and upkeeping as well as his own, without so much as a thank you to water them down, only his gruff and snide comment and perhaps, if Dean is lucky, a swig of his constant supply of whiskey.
He wakes the next morning and dresses himself aimlessly, having no idea of what it is he has in store for him in the upcoming day, nor when and where it is he will be needed.
And each one of these notes layers on top of the others, slips neatly, seamlessly below it, so that it sounds as though a song is playing, although the music never changes. It raises the hairs on Castiel’s forearms, he falls short of breath.
Castiel chuckles, warm, leaning back in his chair a moment. They sit in the croft, at the table, at the corner closest to the fire.
Cas’s heart is a call ringing across a vast desert white-bright with sun and dust. Or rather, the promise, potential, of it.
Dean stares at the man as they settle down to eat. He can believe Mr Novak grew up with the shore-battering Atlantic on his doorstep. Something about his gaze is as vast and unknowable as that ocean.
Michael cuts Castiel off, firmly. Castiel sits back and bites his lip, looking down. There is another pause.
“Thank you…” He mumbles. Dean squeezes awkwardly, chuckling, and pats Castiel encouragingly on the back.
Queen of coolness and sarcastic reserve. But right now, he just feels rude. “No, thank you,” he corrects. “I don’t think that’d be a good idea.”
At the hospital and sat in the waiting room, Castiel tries to fill out a form for Dean, but it’s difficult, because Dean is getting increasingly needy, and handsy, and sleepy.
“Maybe keep looking at the road?” Castiel suggests, raising his eyebrows at Dean, who stares at him.
Dean doesn’t miss the look Cas gives Anna in response. It’s like the look he gave Gabriel during shiva when he suggested going to see Dean perform: thinly veiled resentment paired with anger and mortification. It burns the skin of Dean’s face just to look at.
Is this how Dean is doomed to live, now? To dissect every look, every word, every syllable. The curl of those pink lips, the moments they’d play upward into a smile. It had made Dean radiant, when Cas had smiled. It had made him radiant, to be the cause. And nothing more radiant than Cas, himself, smiling.
“No—it’s fine—” Cas shakes his head. Dean’s gaze shoots over to his friend. “Really, it’s fine,” he says again, very obviously forcing a smile. He looks at Mara and avoids Dean’s gaze. His tone has gone all practical and straight-edged like it always does when he’s cutting himself off from his feelings. “My dad used to sing me one called
“I love you,” Samandriel says, looking up at Castiel with glittering eyes. Castiel falters, taken aback. His hand moves timidly to Samandriel’s shoulder.
But mostly Dean just smiles gratefully at Castiel whenever he is near, saying how glad he is that he has the Angel by his side. He tilts his head up and drinks the water Castiel gives him, and continues asking for stories from Castiel. He’ll ask the Angel to speak more Enochian to him, or read passages from his favourite books as his eyes flutter open and closed.
“You’re gonna study English at Cambridge,” Dean points out. “That’s, like, first place, gold medal levels of pretentious.”
Castiel desperately wants to roll his eyes again, to prove to Dean that Castiel feels nothing towards him now but resentment and glaring dislike.
The Angel glares at Dean, one more time—his wings flare slightly behind him, terrifying—before he turns on his heel and stomps his way back up the path, back towards the castle.
Castiel twitches a frown. “Twitch” is too small a word for how great and lumbering he feels now, his true self, in front of Dean. Dean Winchester, a tiny spark of truest light.
telling you,” Dean huffs out, though it’s lighthearted, just nervous. Still nervous. He felt so comfortable around Castiel, just an hour ago. And now, he’s drenched in all the terror of knowledge. Ignorance is a soft and mute kind of embrace. There is nothing like the safety of innocence. “You sang well.”
“Because the caves are Abra’s dwelling place on earth,” he answers, gazing steadily at Dean. “The mountains around them are sacred; the caves within are
“Sorry,” is all she says, chokes, before she turns on her heel and streaks out of the storeroom. Cas frowns.
But Dean only laughs and raises himself to press his lips against Castiel’s again, and Castiel doesn’t think that he’s ever found a moment as perfect as this.
heartbreak, he tells himself. He doesn’t feel anything. He can’t feel anything. He won’t feel anything. “And Cas summoned the empty.” His chest trembles. No—
“It’s—it’s supposed to be bad luck,” Dean reasons. “You know. They say it makes them worse hunters. The superstition—I mean, it’s just a superstition—is that you should name them something tame, like—like—”
Castiel stands and follows the scent down the hall and to the doorway of the kitchen, mind far away. He is only half-aware of his surroundings, somehow present and not, listening and daydreaming. And muffled sounds turn into distinguishable voices.
Castiel could ever reply with would seem false. Dean had finally learnt the truth about everything. But why should Castiel want to lie? The Angel Prince had never seemed malicious in the slightest. Had he honestly just not
“…I don’t have the answers to any of that,” Dean admits. He isn’t wise like Cas. He isn’t gentle like Cas. He isn’t understanding like Benny. He isn’t forgiving like Sam. He’s barely anything, and becoming less of that little every day. “I’m sorry. But… Maybe there is meaning. Maybe we just can’t see it, yet.”
“No,” he shakes his head, “Not totally. Charlie and Dorothy kept recommending drinks for me—and yeah, I was a little nervous, but can you blame me?—and the bartender kept giving me shots—”
Demonkind, it was your brother,” Dean points out. “And you offered me no support, when my father died,” he snarls across the table, lip curled, expression bitter. His hands are balled into tight fists, and anger flashes behind his eyes. “You did
Hell,” Dean laughs, “why do you think he named me as his heir, the moment he found out about John’s death? The man’s
And so their evenings are a slow unstitching, restitching. Where do they restitch? They seem to unweave themselves from the hurt of their own lives—reluctant secret by reluctant secret—and re-bind themselves to one another. Trust is an act of entwining. The two are bound together by what they share, but
“Of course,” Benny nods, taking a few steps forward as his expression grows a little more concerned and uneasy. “But I feel I must remind you, Your Majesty, that in the eyes of propriety perhaps I should—”
“Yes, absolutely,” Cas replies, all hard certainty. Dean can’t help but laugh at his expression and tone. “Other times, you’d smell like what you’d been baking. Apples, mostly—apple pie—” Dean breaks out into a grin at this. “Like—like late summer and early autumn. I don’t know if that makes sense. That’s what you smell like, though.”
Castiel nods slowly, a little confused, but Dean has taken a step forward and twined his arms around Castiel’s bewildered frame. The way Dean moves, the way Dean coils, is like each fiber of his body is intent on finding its match and destination in Castiel. It is as though Dean knows the way by heart, but nevertheless is being led there blind. Like the train Dean was waiting for, even as a child, has Castiel as its final stop.
“Castiel,” Jimmy kneels down to be at eye-level with his son as Castiel stands on the bottom stair. Jimmy peers at Castiel with his wide, bright blue eyes. “A little boy named Dean wants to play with you and welcome you to the neighbourhood. He’s in the kitchen with his mom. They made cookies.”
“Decay is all of life,” Castiel supplies, and Dean’s lip curls. “And—and it is after the flames, that life begins anew. This is not the end. The end?” He repeats, and laughs, but it’s small and quiet. “No. This isn’t how it ends. You’ll see. I promise. Running and dancing. No more fear, and sadness far away.”
The three tables in the hall join at their corners, forming an incomplete rectangle of sorts, and Castiel looks over to the table at the end of the room, and sees the King and his family there, along with Sir Robert, the King’s advisor.
“It’s changed,” he states, uselessly, as he looks about. Cas presses his lips together and pulls an impatient expression, eyes tired and dry.
“Yeah…” Castiel confirms, unsure of what it is that he is trailing off from. Gabriel’s sudden hurt sings down the line in his silence. A pause in conversation can hold so much more that all the words in the world, and only grief can demonstrate the significance of silence, the weight of that which words cannot render.
“I think you’re just angry that you don’t understand her the way you’d hoped you would,” Dean shakes his head. “I think you heard her background, and wanted a sad and quiet and thoughtful kid, like you were, when we met. But you got someone hard and angry with the world, and you don’t know how to cope—”
Silence; still Dean can’t speak. But he’s swelling with pride and an acute sense of unworthiness and so much—so much—it’s more than love. It’s the sound of the universe, the movement of the spheres, the song of the stars. He knows it’s immature and naïve and very self-obsessed but this—it feels like—this was meant to be. Maybe this is
“It is a fair enough title, I suppose. They’re certainly comrades of mine, though few people would think to call them that.”
“I said Cas could pick the name,” Claire states, unaware of Dean shaking his head as he looks at his husband.
This is the book of poems which Dean keeps on his bedside table, along with his copy of the book of poems dedicated to the boy with bright green eyes and freckles and teeth straightened by braces Dean
“Not the way I have them—” Sam shakes his head. “Does everyone else predict stuff? Do they see what’s coming? The good, and the bad?”
He’s disappointed when they’re definitely, undeniably clean. He nearly removes himself, nearly only removes himself, but instead does something he can hardly understand. Folding the fingers of Castiel’s right hand over the shepherd’s palm, he brings the knuckles up, still holding tight to Novak’s fingers, and brings the shepherd’s hand up to his face, Castiel’s knuckles just beneath the tip of his nose. He doesn’t know why he does this. He doesn’t know why he wants to.
It’s a long and empty road, lit only by streetlights that flare at the windows like a silent heartbeat, like the silent heartbeat of Castiel’s mommy who has gone away and cannot ever come back, will never come back. Silent like the earth. Silent like stone. Silent like ash.
There’s nothing left to punctuate his time. Yes, he continues living, continues hunting with Sammy, starts cooking and eating meals with him and Eileen, and tries to be worthy of the love Cas expressed for him, caught in the tangle of disbelief that Cas could ever feel it in the first place. For
Dean snorts, and shoves Castiel playfully, ruffling at his hair. Castiel would swat him off, normally, but he doesn’t, this time. He treasures the touch and tries not to stare at Dean in total wonder.
Castiel looks down to examine the damage he has done to himself: nothing severe—his hands are grazed and a little bloodied from the fall, which has promised to leave him with a few bruises, he’s sure—but that’s the worst of it.
sharing your stories with Dean, when you were a kid?” Anna asks, biting down on her mouth-splitting smile. “You could tell her one of those!”
“Dean!” He shouts back, but can’t find the words, not to apologise, not to explain himself. Yet another thing to atone for.
“And hey,” Sam says, as though suddenly struck by a thought—but it’s a little theatrical, and Dean finds it suspicious. “If I talk to you about Jess—which I swear I will—will you talk to me,
“Okay,” Cas nods to himself, “Well, keep me updated… Yes, I’m invested in this,” he rolls his eyes, “as if you needed more evidence? I’m more invested than
Angels have become the things of fairy tales to Humans over the years. Their kind are the bedtime stories told by parents to their children, they are the soft reassurance to those suffering nightmares and fits of terror. The quiet calm of the hushed words
The Angels look terrified, all of them. The messenger’s face is void of blood. Even Calev’s fists are clenched with fear.
“Well, I repaired mine and Sammy’s clothes for years,” Dean reminds. “So I’ve had plenty of practice. We hardly had the money to buy
“I was never informed,” the Angel replies, bowing his head slightly. He wears the crest of a golden phoenix across his tunic. What Kingdom does that mean he’s from? Dean wracks his brain, attempting to recall all that Castiel told him of the Angels and their customs and ways.
“And what should I say?” He asks. “That you look good? And then there’ll be an awkward silence while you figure out what to say in response, ‘cause you don’t want to lie, but at the same time, you don’t want to admit I look like death itself, come to haunt my own kingdom? Or maybe,
not. You really were our favourite! We always looked forward to your lessons, we thought you were so cool, and you always made us laugh.”
“I just want to get my name on that drinks menu,” he gestures to the wall behind Tom with a reel of cocktails written down it in cursive. “What else you do with my name—well, that’s up to you.”
get up the guts to have a proper conversation with her!” He side-steps her and enters the house, Charlie huffing at him.
different directions in life. So we broke up, and I got into coding, and then video games—I mean,” she laughs, “more than I already was.” Dean chuckles as Charlie speaks. “I got into them, in a professional sense. So now I’m a software developer, which is
he accidentally walks into the corner of Cas’s bed trying to make his way round the room and nearly trips, buckling and swearing while Cas snorts overhead. “If that’s okay,” Dean continues, flushing and looking up.
Castiel shudders out a breath at these words. He swallows thickly. He wishes he were young again. Twenty-two, and wishing to be younger. Is this a normal desire?
The Angel kisses at his shoulders, and into the curve of Dean’s neck, then across his shoulder blades to the space between them and his spine—and then he doesn’t move away from this place. He mouths at the spot, groaning against it; and then it hits Dean—as much as Cas’s wings are a turn on for him, Dean’s lack thereof are to the same effect, for Castiel.
Dean reaches out and across the table to rough up Cas’s hair. The shepherd wrinkles his nose, but half-leans into the touch. And in a few minutes, Keats is down from the shelf, and Dean and Castiel are wrapped together in bed, Dean’s back to the shepherd’s bare chest, taking it in turns to read lines to one another. Dean takes near three times as long to stammer out a line as Castiel, and that’s saying something considering the steady, soft pacing of the shepherd’s speech. But Cas is so constantly proud of Dean for his reading he can hardly think to feel shame over its clumsiness. And the shepherd encourages Dean to reread the poem once he is done with it, each first time round, so that by the second reading they come out more even and more fluent than Dean, with his shame and wonder at the very thought of reading, let alone aloud, would have been able to believe a year ago.
The stable-boy had been making quiet, soft, whinnying and chirping noises to the horse, talking to it in soft tongues Michael didn’t quite catch—but he turned to face Michael, now.
does. This is one of the knights that was in Dean’s brigade when he’d been so badly fucked up in the Demon war. This is one of the handful of survivors—Dean’s head is sent reeling with guilt at the sight of him.
He remembers the golden fields just beyond the city walls. How he had walked through them, trailed his fingers over the long stems of grain the day he was to meet the Angels. The sun making them a sea of amber, the dried softened husks beneath his fingertips, had anchored his feet to the earth when he’d wanted to fly away with fear. He loved the fields. He loved the forest. He’s lost everything else.
he lost. He hurt like hell, sure—hurt in a way he hadn’t even hurt when his father had died—and something inside of him had broken so thoroughly it was clear it could never be repaired, but… Even then, he hadn’t felt this
“Perhaps one of these days I’ll bring a bottle of wine for us to drink, as we eat,” Dean suggest, and Cas glances up from his meal, eyes sparking.
The shepherd sits down and says his grace quietly, not clear like he usually does, before he begins to eat. Slowly, miserably, Dean does the same.
And when he enters the parlour, after a day’s work, looking for his brother, he finds him there, with a throng of men around him.
“Mick picked it, too,” Sam frowns defensively, and both Dean and Ellen roll their eyes, and catch each other doing so with a flash of amusement.
“You forget,” Cas says softly, and leans a little closer as he speaks, though not for intimacy, but so that he may get away with speaking quieter. “I’ve done this before. I’ve been here before. You haven’t.”
“What do you think of me, Jo? That I’d have you thrown in the stocks for learning written word? Of course I’m not going to tell anyone.”
“Was the sky,” Castiel smiles, nodding. “And the first Great Angel was an Angel who fell in love with the sky so entirely that in death, she was made a part of it.”
“Mr Winchester,” he greets, and Sam glances back at him, wavering out a frown. The night is cold: cool air rushes through the house and Sam coughs awkwardly at Dean and the shepherd’s strange mutual staring as Novak stands at the door, neither out nor in. The shepherd apologises, steps in, Madra following obediently at his heels—Dean wonders what she will make of the birds, and worries what Bobby will make of
“Just so,” the stranger says, eyes flaring like lightning over the Atlantic. “It looked like it, today—you were headbutted, now, how many times by that ewe?”
describes in each fit the corresponding day of the seven-day grieving period in Judaism to which it pertains. It also outlines the cycles of grief, growth, pain and rest of the months and years following death. Formulaically brilliant, almost too much so, Castiel Novak’s collection is the cry of grief built upon grief. I refer to it as a ‘collection’, but
“If anyone has call to believe it’s a dream, it’s me,” Castiel answers. “The Empty would taunt me with visions of you, while I was there.” Dean looks sad at this, but Castiel reaches out across the small space of the bed to drag the pad of his thumb across Dean’s lip. “But I’m not afraid that it’s a vision, a trick, not real. Not anymore.”
“Hey there, buddy,” he smiles at Dean, who looks up, dazed and confused albeit still friendly and amicable as ever. “You’re the cutie with the concussion, huh?” He asks, and looks Dean up and down,
“He does…” Dean nods. He thinks of John’s drinking, of his intentness on revenge, of the hollowed out look that has fallen into his eyes.
start looking forward to the weekend where he can play ball with Jack or help him with his homework, Cas can learn how to cook from Dean and Dean can hook his chin over Cas’s shoulder while the angel stands over the stove, frying bacon. Dean can wrap his arms round Cas’s waist and press kisses to his cheek and watch the way it slings a smile at Cas’s pale lips, Dean can bury his face in Cas’s warm neck and know that
Well, the door, however briefly it was there, to initiating a conversation with Lisa about Dean’s queerness, has closed.
“Very difficult to explain,” Castiel laughs honestly again. “It’s much faster than typical flying, as birds do, though. And… honestly, the only similarity is that we use our wings. That’s where it ends.”
He wants to curl what Cas promised to him that day deep inside his heart. He wants to bury the words under his skin; wants the sentiment seared into his flesh and infused into his blood and carved into his bones so that he can never forget it; can never forget that for a shimmering, brilliant moment. That he meant
“Right… And then I was going to say, it’s hard to tell, because grief changes people, anyway. I didn’t speak to you for nine years, and then Jimmy died, and then I did speak. So I have no idea what you were like before that. But,” he breathes in, gathering, Dean guesses, his thoughts. “You’re still too hard on yourself,” he decides. “You still struggle to be kind to yourself. You’re still too critical of yourself. You still avoid conversations like the one we just had, until breaking point, at which it all comes bursting out, and you find it difficult to articulate yourself—”
Castiel is taken aback. It must show; he steps backward minutely, Dean watches him with fear in his eyes and speaks up again.
they need their mom. I—I’ve needed her so many times. And she’s not…” He shakes his head, mouth drying, eyes pricking. “And she’s great at being there when you’ve fallen over. But not when you’re crying, not when you’re scared. And she’s great at being a mom when she hasn’t done anything wrong. But the moment she fucks up, that’s it, she’s out of the picture, because she can’t face you—she’s too proud, or something—she can’t face the way she fucked up, and she apparently has no problem with facing
It’s oddly cold and grows still colder for this time of year. Michael talks endlessly of provisions and winter foods—but it
from the old days of Lawrence High—but for the fact that Charlie and Dorothy have booked out a fancy cocktail place and payed for an open bar for all their guests.
“You wanted to see me?” He asks, lips parted. Cas’s gaze flickers over to him and he smirks something equally affectionate and long-suffering.
Alastair is watching Castiel the way his birds must look upon their prey. Or perhaps upon their competition.
“Neither will Demon soldiers, if you ever face them,” Castiel points out, returning the hardness of the look Dean gives him, only lacing his own gaze with far more mirth and amusement than Dean seems able to cope with.
Dean swallows, a twist of jealousy searing through his gut. His hand twitches and Cas glances down to it, watches the gesture, intrigued.
More than this, he likes the affection laced in Castiel’s tone when he speaks it to his horse. Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever be on the receiving end of such fondness.
tight back home but Sam still wants to be a lawyer, Sam is still smart and as happy as he could be and working
“I like it when it’s all scruffy like this,” Dean says, smile clinging loose and distracted at his features.
“We were,” Charlie nods, and Dean seeps with relief, “but then the guy behind the bar started flirting with you, so we moved on to that.” Dean groans. “So tell me,” she giggles, “would you? Ever?”
Perhaps it’s exhaustion, or hunger, or hope, or desperation—or some seductive cocktail of all of these: but he almost stops short. His footsteps seem louder but his treads are light with disbelief. It’s his shape, his outline, and Dean, or Castiel’s vision of Dean, has stopped short, stares through the darkness which shimmers with falling waters.
He can’t seem to finish his sentence when Castiel looks up at him. His voice makes a strange, grating noise and the words turn to ash in his mouth.
They grow together like the trees which twist and dance in the forest they spend so much time in. Their lives are punctuated by each other’s presence. Castiel’s life is measured by the grins Dean offers him; the quiet moments they share at night, whispering secrets to each other; the notes Dean pushes over to him in class, which Castiel has to cover his mouth when reading to stop himself from laughing as Dean grins and winks at him; the times Dean reaches out to take a soft hold of Castiel’s hand or, as they grow older, ruffle at Castiel’s hair.
“And what, you’re one of them, now?!” Dean narrows his eyes, raising his voice still louder. Sam’s jaw clenches and he glares at the floor.
“I don’t know,” Castiel answers. He swallows. Dean looks upset. “I think about—I think about so much. About my mom, about my dad. I miss them. I worry about my brothers. I worry about
But this is a place which sends the full force of being an angel reeling from the anchor of a vessel, this is a place in which grace acts like a beacon and Castiel had to run from the human he cared most about in order to afford him safety.
Jimmy never got to see Cas and Dean together. Never got to call Dean ‘son’ in light of this. Will never see how far Dean’s come, even in his absence, even though Dean had thought Jimmy’s absence meant stalling forever, a permanent faltering, a new stasis. Dean wipes his eyes, lets out a worn breath, which is hollow and heartbroken. He takes a long drink. He feels abandoned by life. Sad beyond belief. But not hopeless. Just tired. He wants to come home.
your distance feels different. You’re a different kind of lost in thought. It’s not such a bad one. Why is that?”
Castiel pulls out his phone, a frown twining between his brows. The screen, blinking up at him in a cold blue light so unlike that of the gently receding sun, confirms the twisty, intuitive sensation in Castiel’s gut.
“He seems to think it’s cruel,” Dean offers nervously. “I’ve—” he smiles uneasily, attempting humour, “I’ve tried to tell him, cattle, sheep, pigs, they’re all definitely smarter than his chickens, but—anything with wings, Singer thinks of as some fallen angel.”
“Sun’s already set, but it’ll still probably get a bit colder. We can stay close together for warmth. Plus, I’ve got a hoodie. Have you got one?”
“Yeah,” Dean nods. “And maybe—maybe a family, for me, some day,” he continues, and Castiel laughs warmly.
The thing is—it’s not so surprising that Cas should be around: he’s spent so much time at Sam and Dean’s apartment, over the past few weeks, and Dean round at Cas’s. But now it’s different. It wasn’t incriminating before—and Dean didn’t have cause to panic because his brother would always end up disappointed in his hopes that Dean would spill his guts and share his feelings with Castiel.
“Well,” Dean tries, and glances about the room, and notices Cathy’s perch is gone, as is Cathy herself. He frowns. Then he looks back at the stranger. “I’m glad to make your acquaintance. Your travels were—fruitful?”
“Right—sorry,” Dean’s face flames, and something about the expression makes Castiel smile again. “Well—all I meant was… I’m really good at ruining things. And my father’s really good at putting up with me—”
Muted sunlight, dappling through the trees as they dance past the carriage, splashes patterns across Michael’s face.
“As I was saying,” Crowley continues, a smug, triumphant smirk playing subtly across his thin lips, “in a few months’ time, Lucifer will want to speak with you again. And, believe it or not, you will most likely want to speak with him.”
“That went well,” he says, grimly. He buries his head in his arms. Dean’s fingers card softly through his hair.
“You don’t need to say that just because I’m here,” Castiel says, nerves flickering across the scintillating surface of his blues, those beautiful blues, “I… I really
you could be worthy. You don’t know, you don’t know, you’ll never know,” Dean tips the rest of his drink down his throat and grimaces at the good-burn it flames along his nerves, “nobody will ever know, so why bother talking about it?”
