“They’ll hurt others,” Tony says, “Maybe next time, it’ll be Natasha. Or Rhodey. Or Pepper. Or Clint. Bruce.
It’s his innate selfishness that stops him from allowing himself to think about it, as the guilt that comes with is nearly overpowering in its weight, reminding him that under all his layers of righteousness (as Tony might put it) he’s still young in the ways of the world.
Tony applies the brakes, the car rolling to a stop in a residential neighborhood in Forest Hills, pulling into the space meant for the fire hydrant, and he removes the key from the car, leaning back in his seat as he looks out his own side window, staring at the brick home that stands across the street from them, and Steve only grows more and more anxious in the wake of Tony’s lack of response, so he prepares to ask one more time before Tony says, quietly,
Tony’s not sure what to say for a few moments, enough time for Steve to settle back, looking a bit worried about the possible reaction, so Tony informs him,
Steve’s smiling when he says, “But I’ve got work to do.”
Tony swallows dryly and forces a laugh, ending the moment suddenly, nattering about how good of a joke that just was that Steve’s just told, all the while avoiding making eye contact with Steve, who can only feel relief that the terse moment is now over, though he feels a powerful sense of regret that he can’t really explain but doesn’t have a moment to truly focus on, really, because before he can consider what’s just happened Peter comes bounding out, chanting that his homework’s done now so there’s no excuse that Steve can’t play, effectively casting the moment into the unspoken past as he grabs Steve by the hand, pulling the man back into the house. Tony laughs with Peter, looking anywhere else but at Steve, responding that maybe he’ll join in on a race or two himself.
They take a break from their movie watching, mostly so Natasha and Clint can nurse the tequila bottle, but also because Bruce is trying to undo his hair from the neat but harshly tight braids Natasha’s done him up in, which Tony only half-heartedly begins to help him with before moving to sit up on the couch next to Steve, who for his own part is nursing a Corona whilst doing the blending of the value shades on the sketch he’d done of the four of them.
“Why did you want to come along, Tony?” Steve asks after a few moment’s consideration.
ANYWAYS
, he’s so scared now, why did you have to do this, Tony, why did you have to put yourself in harm’s way like the selfless fucking bastard you are?
“I’m not. He has you,” Tony says, “And I trust you with him. I’d trust you with anything.”
to Peter to have to see this. He really wants to wring Tony by the neck for putting Peter through this, but he’s also well aware that this isn’t something Tony’s done entirely without reason. It’s an action that Steve can tell is entirely provoked, and its cause enough for worry that he’s requesting Pepper get him
Tony. And, considering that’s all he wants, Tony doesn’t feel much in the way of trepidation as he wraps his arms around Steve body, kissing him
Still, a part of Steve really wants to be there to be absolutely sure that Tony’s completely safe.
himself in the position of greatness and didn’t know what else to do but lead as best as he can, who couldn’t dance and didn’t know what fondue was and couldn’t run very fast or do many pushups; someone who sounded more human than Tony could handle. Her stories are similar to the Steve he knows now, who eats a cheesecake like it’s otherwise going to expire in the next twenty seconds, who cuddles Peter whenever the boy wants despite the fact that he’s a bit too old to cuddle with a parent, who refuses to get medical treatment even when he’s been shot three times in the side because he’s afraid of needing stitches (for example), who has this way of awkward bopping his head to the beat of a good song—the Steve that Tony believes to be the most perfect being he’s ever met, who’s as strong and courageous and kind and as fierce as the man his dad used to describe. Everything his godmother and his father ever told him of made for a good man, who he loves with far too much of his being, the bits of his heart leftover from the majority Peter claims going straight to the big blond heroic doofus.
Making the other man grin like he’s just won the damned lottery.
“I thought you said we were coming here for Peter,” Steve says.
And, in this aspect, Peter’s so much like Bucky that Steve could cry. But he doesn’t—instead, he request JARVIS to pull up any movie that Peter hasn’t seen yet.
Tony shakes his head slowly, “You have no idea, Steve.”
Tony’s flexible when it comes to sex, not really caring if he’s top or bottom or what’s he asked to do or have done to him, but he can’t help but feel a thrill of excitement when Steve asks him if, this first time, Tony can lead the way, allowing the smaller man to turn them so that Steve’s now on his back, uncertainty radiating through the arousal, breath catching audibly in his throat as Tony carefully touches him, his palms running slowly down the contours of Steve’s torso.
Tony wrinkles his brow. “Six weeks, give or take. Do normal people wait that long to have sex?” he asks.
Steve doesn’t mind. He’s okay with it.
Peter pulls out of his embrace enough to level Steve with an incredulous look. “
“They’re for a crumble,” he says.
He just is afraid of losing Tony in the process is all. It’s actually the reason why he hasn’t confessed his feelings to Tony; the idea of losing him. It’s not the idea of rejection, it’s the fact that he’s been losing the people he dares to love for as long as he can recollect. His Ma, followed by Erskine, then Bucky, followed by Peggy—he’s recognized the pattern, and he’s utterly terrified of it. He’s even more terrified by the prospect of knowing that Tony reciprocates, because it’ll just hurt even more if the man is ripped away.
That the lack of worthiness that Tony somehow felt is, in fact, Steve’s own.
“Tony,” Steve whispers, pained.
He doesn’t immediately stop singing. Song’s not done yet, anyways.
“It won’t be pretty, but I could regurgitate the slice if you’d like.”
Because he loves Tony, he knows it—possibly more than he loved Peggy—and it’s not even because there’s some aspects of Tony that remind him utterly of the best parts of both Peggy and Howard somehow smashed together in some sort of eclectic mixture, no; it’s because those very same aspects of Tony’s personality set him head and shoulders above Howard and Peggy both. He’s got the intelligence from Howard (maybe even more than Howard, in fact), but then he got Peggy’s stubborn nature to go with it, making for one hell of an individual. Tony’s an utterly unique individual that has Steve under his enticement, and Steve’s more than perfectly okay with that.
So thank you to all who've reviewed this fic! It means so much that this story, and all the others, have touched so many people. That being said, I apologize for taking so long to upload this; I am in my last semester of college (for now) and am verrrrryyyyyy busy all the fucking time. Unfortunately. Also, apologies for the unnecessarily large chapter, but I saw no clear separation point to be had - this was the only way it was coming up!
So he sings to Tony. He doesn’t expect instant results, doesn’t expect any sort of response from Tony, and he holds him tight despite this, his lips brushing against the sweat-slickened locks of greasy brown hair as he sings, nice and low, so that Tony would only just be able to hear it, allowing it rumble in his chest so that Tony can feel it against his back. Tony jerks about in his grasp, trying to break free, words choked in a tight ball as he struggles to breathe, and Steve doesn’t dare loosen up.
, Steve, you’ve gotta come and see it!”
Steve smiles now himself. “Was he that bad?”
Steve hadn’t been aware how much he’s missed this. Every so often, he flicks little glances over at Peter, and he can’t help the flush of warmth that floods through his body. It’s similar to the brotherly bond he feels with his lost friend, but, at the same time, it’s entirely unfamiliar, though not unbidden. Though Steve doesn’t quite understand the feeling, he’s not quite willing to let it go, either. So he just doesn’t try to think about it, he instead just basks in the feeling, watching Peter as the boy laughs at Donkey’s ridiculous speech.
The next day is significantly lessened in its tension, marked by the image of a sleepy Peter still in his pajamas from the day before shuffling into Steve’s kitchen in search for food, which Steve provides by handing him a plate of eggs and fried bologna, which the boy makes a point of turning his nose up at but eats nonetheless with a notably excited vigor. They don’t spend the entire day together—at some point, Peter disappears downstairs to work on a project—but by six, they’re baking ziti and settling in for another movie, Peter having procured another set of pajamas to wear, wrapped up nice and tight in his blanket, smiling wide despite having been wanting to decapitate Steve only a few hours previous.
“It doesn’t have to be you alone,” Steve argues, “You have a team for a reason.” He takes in a breath that surprises him with its quivering before saying, “Tony,
choking person, but Steve manages to cough up the large chunks of the remains with only limited complication, his eyes tearing up slightly from the moments of lost air. For a second, he’s happy JARVIS continued to follow through on his request to deny Barton his access to his suite in the wake of the stink bomb incident two months previous, because right about now, he’d be requesting photos to be taken.
that Tony finds himself struggling to catch on to these little moments that Peter allows him to experience.
Tony gives him a careful (still amused) look. “When you had sex,” he starts bluntly, because it’s easier even if the look Steve gives him clearly tells him he wishes he used some code word like
Dimly, he realizes that he can only be thankful that Peter’s not around to see this. Knowing what he does of the boy, Steve knows that Peter would see this as his own fault, and if there’s one thing Tony does not need to happen when he’s in such a state, it’s knowing he’s the cause for Peter’s guilt.
In the back of his mind, Steve’s aware that Peter’s sucked in a breath.
“—Rhodey was with you for the end of it all. There were days in there that we were
Steve allows him his silence. Pushing Tony into speaking wasn’t going to turn up fantastic results even if he wanted to do it, so he doesn’t—he lets the silence do it for him. It’s better at it, he finds, because a few moments later, Tony whispers, “I wanted to ask if you wanted to take a ride with me.”
“Plenty pretty, Tony,” Steve says with a snicker, “Just figured you might want to take them out.”
“Peter,” Steve admonishes lightly, “Language.”
or, frankly,
Well, he
“And since when did you become the one who gets to decide what Tony does and doesn’t need to hear?” Clint snaps right back, eyebrow arching high before he sighs. “Look, I don’t tell Tony because Nat asked me not to and Nat doesn’t tell Tony because you asked her not to, but that doesn’t mean to say that Tony doesn’t
Clint’s look is serious as he takes a bite of his stolen apple before saying, through un-chewed, saliva-sodden chunks of fruit, that he’ll look into it, which is more than enough to soothe nerves that Steve hadn’t even realized are frayed.
So instead of asking if Clint knows what the problem is, he asks if he’s got an idea of what the problem could be.
(Which he does—he plays as Baby Mario.)
Tony’s silent for a beat before whispers, “They hurt Happy, Steve.”
“He knows that,” Steve interrupts, “He knows that already, because you love him, Tony. You’re his father.”
“Of course I did,” Tony gasps out, hurt, “But it was the only solution.”
Tony sighs, rubbing his nose while leaning back in his chair. “I dunno. I guess?” he says, shrugging helplessly, “I wanna hope so.”
Peter shrugs. “Tony talks about you a lot.”
Tony’s gaze doesn’t stay on him for long. It moves over to Peter’s sleeping face, and the heat smolders behind the adoration that surfaces for the boy, Tony’s hand moving to Peter’s forehead as he brushes his hair out of his face, and Steve can see the layers of tension just disappear from the lines of Tony’s face. He’s definitely looking like all he needs right now is to sleep the next few days away, and Steve can tell that he’s going to do so whether he wants to or not, but he forces himself to stay awake regardless, caressing Peter’s face gently, as if he’s afraid he’ll disappear if he’s not careful. Steve has half a mind to wake Peter up, but it’s really the first time throughout this whole ordeal that Peter’s sleeping peacefully, and not at all due to utter exhaustion, so he’s not all too keen to do so, which Tony doesn’t seem all to upset with, based on the way he rubs the bags under Peter’s eyes with the pad of his thumb.
. Sure, he may sometimes
Steve sucks in a breath. Tony’s voice sounds so broken and he’d do anything to wipe that from his lips. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
, like Tony tends to assume; and so within seconds, he’s online, searching randomly through the pages upon pages to catch up.
He can almost hear the shrug. “Yeah.” He says it so plainly, so matter-of-fact, that for a moment, Steve’s heart sings. He, of course, shuts it right back down, before he can even really consider the feeling. “And? Why’re you asking, anyways?”
allowing that!” she screams, and if it were a less serious moment, Steve would laugh at how she’s talking to Tony as if he’s nothing more than an uncooperative, misbehaving child.
America, but he can’t quite smother the smirk of utter victory.
—And he lets
“Well, now that I’ve fulfilled my Peter traumatization quota, how’re you, Steve? Still in a relationship with your right hand?” he asks.
It’s also stunning, to him at least, how little Tony hates him for it. The fact that Tony’s willing to search him out just boggles his mind, throwing him through a ringer when it comes to show, again and again, that Tony’s one of the most selfless men he’s ever met. It makes him love him deeper, but it also serves to remind him of how little he is in comparison to him, too, because Steve knows that if he were to be in Tony’s place, he wouldn’t exactly go out of his way to show cordiality to someone who’d acted the way Steve had—it didn’t matter that he was fresh out of the ice and dealing with trauma. Tony is the person that Steve’s always wanted to become, and this makes him feel the slightest bit like an ignorant gorilla in his wake. He knows he doesn’t measure up to Tony. It’s unspoken, but it’s there.
away. Stop being selfless for once in your life, Tony Stark, and stay right here with me. If you leave me, I’ll kick your ass into the middle of next week, so help me God.”
“Mr. Rogers,” Peter says slowly, eyes still wide, “
“I don’t know what you mean,” Steve says stubbornly.
I'm hoping you guys like this :) Kudos are kinda like their own little comments and near constant new views are as well so I'm going off of those and I hope you guys actually like this story. I hope it measures up, because I did actually manage another story for this little trilogy I've apparently created myself. Let me know what you think, I guess? Please? Thanks :) I hope you enjoy it!
“We’ve been here for twenty minutes,” she informs him.
Peter doesn’t respond right away, busying himself by pulling Tony onto his back, taking the weight on with not even a grunt; shifting Tony around carefully to put him into a comfortable position. He takes great care in his moves, knowing that a wrong jolt and Tony’s nerves, however frozen most may be, will go haywire if he doesn’t move the right way. Tony’s vision is still skewed, off-kilter, and all he can do is hope that it’s not permanent, but he doesn’t give it all that much thought, because he can feel the sense of betrayal that radiates off Peter, who got tangled up into a fight that wasn’t his but affected him the most, who found himself without the luxury, suddenly, to be a sixteen-year-old boy.
“You’re
, is left unsaid.
Peter doesn’t care all too much himself.
. It’s harmless. It’s not like he’s judging you for liking dick,” Clint deadpans, making Steve nearly drop the jar, having not expected such a blunt statement—the archer using this as a prime opportunity to grab for the apple he’s had his eye on, biting into it with a loud sound, “So no harm, not foul, am I right?”
Tony sighs shakily, still unsettled from Rhodey telling him he’s done wrong, but nowhere near about to freak out like he could’ve. “You say it like it’s easy,” he says.
, “What did you do first?”
is what he sobs, because he can’t take it, can’t take losing him because he let himself come to close to what he can’t have—to what he’s just not supposed to have.
He knows, logically, that he should tell Tony the truth.
“For, you know… singing to me. When I was freaking out?” Tony said, arching a brow, nervousness leaking through before he looked away. “Look, Steve, I’m not repeating myself. I’ve got a reputation to uphold as the cool and callous genius playboy billionaire. Imagine if the press got ahold of information that I extended gratitude for something? They’d have a fucking field day.”
“Are we okay?” Steve asks softly, curiously.
Steve nods again. “I’m aware. Well aware.”
Peter almost sounds vaguely frustrated when he responds, “Okay, yeah, that’s all good, but that’s not what I
“They love him so much, and they can give him what he needs, Steve,” Tony says, but he’s no longer saying it to Steve, not really, he’s saying it to himself now, “And they’re the best thing for him. They’re his actual family, Steve, and they’ve wanted to find him for so long, and I did the looking with the belief that there were people out there who’ve wanted to find him, and he deserves to know that there’s been people who’ve loved him this much all this time, Steve—”
Steve looks horrified as he quickly responds, “Of course not,” seemingly aghast at the idea, “Why would you think something like that? I just wanted to ask if you wanted time to think about what I told you. To, I’m not sure what—grieve?”
“Well, what reason do you have to believe that he
Steve has to force a laugh. “You’re such a shit, Tony,” he tells the man.
“You said ‘we have Peter’. To my dad.” He looks hesitant as he whispers, “What did you mean by we, Mr. Rogers?”
“Do you want help with the braids?” Steve asks him.
, Steve, he’s been looking for Petey for almost the entirety of the kid’s life.”
It’s not because he’s the closest—in fact, if anyone’s remotely close, it’s Bruce from his place on the thirty-fifth floor to Tony’s twenty-ninth. It does have a lot to do with the fact that he ran up those twenty stories like his ass was on fire, taking as many steps at one time as he feasibly can, heart attempting at that very moment to come ripping out of Steve’s chest with the fear that’s running alongside with the endorphins currently fueling his movements, his mind racing through what it could possibly be to set Tony off in such a way. His heart’s beating so fast that all he can hear is the beat itself, and he can barely register the steps before him as he sprints up them, and all he can do is worry about Tony.
, Tony can’t feel this way, he can’t love him back, he can’t
Peter continues to natter on as they pile into the car, not exactly looking for a response from Steve because he knows that Tony’s probably going to strong-arm them all into attending, taking the front seat due to habit (he offers to switch when Steve squeezes himself into the back, but Steve’s stubborn [and also sure that he won’t easily be able to slip back out] and makes him remain right where he is) and continue to talk about his team’s meeting today, and Tony hangs onto every word, asking questions and offering advice all the while, because Peter’s basically the leader of the team and it’s therefore his job to make sure they’re all on the same page. Peter doesn’t notice how aptly Tony’s paying attention, nor does he notice how Tony keeps sneaking glances at him when the boy’s not paying attention himself, but Steve does. Tony’s trying to commit this series of moments to memory, and Steve knows it’s out of fear of the worst-case scenario.
who did it and you’re
There’s questions being shouted at him—What are the Avengers doing to follow up the attack?—Is this a declaration of war upon the Avengers?—What will befall the Iron Man suits, and of the title of Iron Man?—Will Stark Industries continue to support the Avengers?—Who is the Mandarin?—and Steve can barely process them all. He doesn’t know which one to start answering, doesn’t know where he’s supposed to begin speaking, so he waits, patiently, with an unwavering look, for them all to quiet down enough so he can form some sort of semblance of clear thought.
to be. He’d spent
am I doing that. I know what you’re doing, and I’m not going to let you do it.”
you cussed
him, and Tony’s just selfish enough to keep him regardless of knowing what Steve deserves.
He follows Steve back out to the main area, sitting down on the couch like Steve motions him to, and immediately begins to fidget with his fingers, having never been able to remain completely still. He watches Steve carefully, gauging his emotions as best as he can considering Steve isn’t expressing all too much, which the man is more than aware of and purposefully trying to do, because he’s afraid that if Tony knows that the least of all of what he’s feeling is anger, he’ll make him lose his resolve.
(See the end of the chapter for
It isn’t until the third game that Steve’s almost forgotten what’s just happened, laughing and bumping shoulders with the engineer to throw him off, which makes him
that he feels, because,
Peter moans and groans, but doesn’t really protest; he in fact runs off to get his homework and starts to work on it before the pizza arrives, sitting at the kitchen table with his notes scattered across its surface, a glass of iced tea sat atop his algebra notes and pizza grease dribbling across his notebook before Tony throws a paper towel roll at him. To keep him focused; they remove themselves from the living room and retreat out to the balcony, armed with the remaining pizza box, which is quickly demolished by way of Steve’s hunger due to expedient metabolic properties brought on by the serum.
Was he still not aware that people worried about him?
Clint pauses mid-bite. “Oh?” he asks, pulling the apple away with a frown, “He didn’t mention that.”
Steve glares at him, having caught the jar but is a bit annoyed that he’d dropped it in the first place, and says, “Something else is bothering him, though—
signs of obvious emotional distress due to his finding the situation to be too amusing not to enjoy, but that doesn’t mean to say that he doesn’t see it whatsoever. He looks carefully at Clint, trying to gauge if Clint’s withholding information, if he knows what’s bothering Peter, perhaps, but Clint’s blue eyes are clear and open for him to read. Clint’s not hiding anything; he genuinely doesn’t know what’s bothering Peter. Wouldn’t have known, if Steve hadn’t said anything.
Tony’s not really a fan of Steve’s driving style, as, despite popular belief, Steve isn’t all too keen on following local traffic laws, least of all ones that prohibited how fast he could go on your standard block, and so Tony drives, Steve finding himself in the shotgun seat of a severely uncharacteristic and safety-rated Honda Civic rather than one of Tony's flashy sports cars, because it is, after all, far safer for Peter than one of his beautiful babies. Tony’s not exactly the epitome of a safe driver, either, but he does tend to pay far more attention to the lights than Steve does. Still, it only takes them slightly longer to get out to Queens than it would if Steve drives, and Steve doesn’t complain. He wouldn’t even if it had taken forever, though, because Tony only grows more and more nervous as the drive goes on.
staying at an address given out to the entirety of the world, I’m
Tony winces. “I was trying to keep him safe.”
—and he’s noticed that the more he cares about them, the worse he loses them, that’s why he had to watch is Ma wither away, why he’s got to deal with losing Peggy still; why he has to suffer with the knowledge that he’s the reason that Bucky has suffered through the past seventy years, and it
Tony sounds distracted as he answers, “Well,
The end of it all. The resolution of the tale, told in 10 pages of text - the happy ending we've all been waiting for.
But Steve's not thinking about any of that now. It's not one of those times, after all, because Clint's got this cat-that-caught-the-canary grin on his lips as he reads through the messages on Steve's tablet and a glimmer in his eye that tells him how upset he doesn't feel. Clint's attitude towards him has been getting better as of late, he reminds himself, but he doesn't dare note upon it.
Tony sighs audibly. “Yes. No. Not really, but kind of? It’s complicated.”
“It’s not a problem, Tony,” Steve says with a shake of his hand, “I like having Peter over. It’s nice.” Tony arches a brow, seemingly incredulous. “Really,” Steve insists, “I like it when Peter sleeps over. I like having the company around.”
because it succeeds quite well at forcing him to drive off of the goddamn map, much to his dismay; Peter laughing in the background. Tony punches Steve in the shoulder in response, trying to throw him off in retaliation, but it doesn’t do as much as when Steve bumps his leg and makes him drive right into a banana peel and fall from fourth place to sixth in the blink of an eye.
,” he says indignantly.
Bruce smiles.
Instead of letting Clint know he’s getting to him, he asks him, half-curious, when he got back from his mission. He’s supposed to have been gone for three weeks, but instead he’s here, reading through his messages like the nosy bastard he is.
It’s hard to do, but when he sees it, Steve’s heart just
It’s stunning, how much he is at juxtaposition in comparison to his attitude towards Tony a little over a year ago. There was a time he wouldn’t even let lick Tony Stark lick the dirt off the bottom of his shoes, and now he just wanted to make Tony as happy as he can make him with what little resources he has to give. The thought makes him want to wince, to be honest—he can’t fathom that there was a time that he hated Tony, especially when he’d hated him for really no valid reason whatsoever. He’d let himself make face glance opinions at a man far too complex for the surface value, and, worse yet, he’d dared to compare him to a man who, as Steve would come to find out, didn’t turn out to be the man he’d known in the war.
It’s only when Tony stutters out a shocked “What?” that Steve realizes that, all the while, he’s been saying this out loud. Steve’s eyes go wide, and he turns to the other people of the room, trying to see if it was just his imagination, that it’s not the truth, but he can see it in the look in Peter’s eyes that he’s said it all. None of them look surprised, which Steve figures they wouldn’t be, but they are all worried—who they’re worried about, Steve’s not too sure, and he can’t focus on it, either. So he takes in a breath and turns back around, trying to regain the composure he doesn’t feel.
It’s a result of his upbringing, his therapist told him often, that he’ll always move to blame himself rather than others, even if the fault may not even be with him; something that would only change if he continued to try to fight through his issues, but since he’d stopped going to therapy, the self-blame didn’t exactly go away like his therapist would’ve liked, so he’s helpless in the face of the crippling guilt that threatens to seize at his throat, the clenching tight and relentless. He doesn’t listen to much else after Steve says the words, the ringing in his ears loud, pinging as he struggles to figure out where exactly he’s gone wrong, because in his mind, there’s no way that Steve could’ve messed up—it has to be him, hasn’t it, it’s got to be, because Steve’s nothing short but damned perfect and he’s the one who’s got to have screwed up, hasn’t he? He has to have done something to upset Steve, to warrant this ‘talk’, which past experiences has taught him to be less of a back-and-forth conversation and more of a rant of all the ways that he’s messed everything up.
, and he just can’t take it anymore, he decides, grabbing at the arc reactor with shaking hands, twisting it in his chest to get it to release.
They end up in Tony’s bed. It’s the first time, since that night on the couch, that they sleep side by side, and it’s the first time ever that it’s in a bedroom. As far as Tony knows, Steve hasn’t seen as so much as an inch of the room, which is almost sterile in its order and cleanliness, so the first thing he notes on is how much it’s in an apparently dire need of at least one photo on the wall. Tony wakes up covered in blankets he hadn’t even been aware he possessed, including one of a more human variety in the form of a Peter draped over him. It’s a bit concerning, only because standardly, Tony’s not the heaviest of sleepers, and Peter’s not the lightest of children, but somehow the boy managed not to disturb his sleep and cuddle the crap out of him with his octopus-esque tendencies.
Yay! The original story finally reached 5,000 views! I'm so happy!
so he just
Thank you all for your continued support of this story-- AHHHHH over 1000 views! 2 comments! Gawsh, I feel loved. I hope you guys find this chapter up to snuff--let me know what you think!
He avoids Tony for the next few days, not sure what to do about Tony’s statement now that it’s almost all but confirmed that Tony reciprocates at least some of his own feelings. He wants to be mad at Peter for pushing it, but really, he’s mad at himself—in some way, he knows he’s made Tony feel to be somehow inadequate in some way when it came to him, comparing himself to the ghost of Margaret Carter despite the fact that Steve’s feelings for her aren’t even in the same league as the ones he has for Tony. He hates that Tony’s still thinking of himself as, somehow,
Tony’s smile is renewed throughout the night, which is great because come the next day he’s a moody mess again who nearly rips Clint’s head off for stealing the last bit of coffee grounds left in the tin, and if Steve’s being completely honest, he’s not exactly a visage of sunshine the day after that, either, which puts it mildly as at one point throughout the day Tony throws a hammer at Clint for one reason or another, and surprisingly, he doesn’t exactly miss. He does apologize later, however—gifting Clint with an inordinately elaborate bouquet of cake pops, which the man is weirdly obsessed with—but Clint’s not exactly overeager to seek him out as a result. Steve doesn’t blame him, because just hearing that Tony threw something in frustrations makes him give him a wider berth, too. Tony obviously needs to sort out his problem, and as much as he likes the idea of holding his hand through every step of the way in this, he knows it wouldn’t be received as well as he’d like it to be; he’d sooner end up in a screaming match with him and that’s the exact opposite of what Tony needs.
Steve’s brow arches a bit higher, and he asks for the destination, neither making a formal confirmation. He already knows he’s going to go—he’s just curious as to the why.
Steve laughs still, head tilting back. “I’m glad there’s no lightning to strike you were you are, Stark.”
Tony gives him a look. “Bed’s this way.”
“You’ll want to claw your eyes out. Now shut up, it’s big reveal time,” he says as his eyes are glued almost reverently to the screen, as if he hasn’t seen this a million times. On the screen, Luke and Vader are fighting in the sky city that Steve can’t remember the name to, and Steve’s a bit more intrigued in knowing the reveal than asking Peter what he meant.
And, as he’s finding, it’s become one of the things he wants the most—to make Peter happy.
Steve bristles. “That was private.”
Dimly, he can hear Steve saying his name, but he’s not paying too much attention, his footsteps unsteady and his eyes unfocused, blindly grabbing at the things around him as he collapses, trying to break the fall, his breath to ragged and his heartbeat too loud, feeling the weight of his weakness, clawing at his chest. His fingernails scrape at the surface of the arc reactor, and he can’t help but want to rip it out of his fucking chest and just let the shrapnel
Despite the earlier hiccup, Steve enjoys himself immensely, so much so that, later, when he’s bid the pair adieu long after he should’ve, Steve finds himself trying to blend to the correct value of light bouncing off of Peter’s glasses, his hands covered with the graphite of various pencils and his kitchen table covered with the dirtied remains of erasers he’d haphazardly brushed off of the page of Bristol he has before him. He didn’t take a picture, and so now, he only has his memory to go off, which is not terrible, but it doesn’t create the truest image. He tries regardless, because it’s a moment that he needs to have in paper, and he can’t lose a bit of it. In the back of his mind, he considers a suggestion Tony made many a time to pick up photography, since Steve really likes capturing moments, and he really thinks about whether it’s an avenue he wishes to explore as he erases the glint off the left lens of Peter’s glasses—it’s not good enough, he decides.
Which is why he almost trips up the stairs when he hears Peter asking his father what he thinks about him.
“Peter’s more than just a kid and you know it,” Steve argues, “He’s plenty strong. In fact, sometimes I’m pretty sure Peter’s actually stronger than the both of us put together. He’s sure as hell a bit smarter than we can be sometimes.”
Steve smirks. “You placed it.” Not a question. He expects nothing less than that of Tony Stark, to be completely honest.
I hope you guys have enjoyed the story. I know I have. I'm not capping the series off with this one, because TECHNICALLY Peter's stories will be included in the same series, but his stories will also be categorized in their own set, because OBVIOUSLY, Peter needs to be recognized as his own, independent being.
“Pepper,
want Steve in his bedroom? Steve’s a walking, talking embodiment of almost ridiculously unbelievable bounds of sheer and utter perfection practically not meant for the eyes of mere mortal beings, and for some strange reason, the guy seems content to be with someone like Tony, and while Tony himself may not
Steve sighs. “If Rhodey hears, he’s gonna force you to tell him when he comes,” Steve informs him quietly.
watching it without knowing the plot, because the man had been sniggering when Steve read it off), and Charlie in the Chocolate Factory before he decides he wants to check up on Tony. Usually, the man checks in every day, probably in order to keep Peter from losing his mind with worry, but Tony had been pretty busy today, he figured, so he hadn’t gotten around to it, which Peter didn’t seem to really notice, but he had.
“You’re both safer without me,” Tony quietly sobs.
Thank you all for your Kudos, Bookmarks and Comments- it really keeps the creative flowing, which I need because I'm STUCK on the Peter fic right now and it's DEFINITELY gonna get spliced up into a couple of stories because none of this series pass like 30-35 pages but Peter's is turning into quite the epic, it's just got me a little stuck. But it also INTRODUCES BUCKY FUCKING BARNES and I'm really excited to be writing Bucky because basically it's comicverse Bucky with all the cussing and the violence and the gruffness mixed in with movieverse Bucky's adorableness and angst and Sebastian Stan face (because no one can tell me that Sebastian wasn't born to be Bucky Barnes)
“He came in just after you fell asleep,” Steve informs him with a soft smile, snapping him out of his head, “He wanted to make sure you were okay. He was worried.” He looks at Peter, and the softness only intensifies. “And, also, bossy. Very bossy.”
He can’t help but think, in moments like these, about his Aunt Pegs, about her stories of Captain America, the ones he could never quite reconcile to be true because unlike his dad’s, which was all about the feats and triumphs of the great war hero, his godmother’s speak of an awkward kid with his foot perpetually in his mouth, who kind of
“It’s scary, how much thought you’re putting in to killing Captain America,” Tony tells him.
Tony laughs, but now that Steve’s listening, he can hear the edge in his tone as he says, “Peachy keen. Never better. I’m just full of sunshines and rainbows and unicorns.”
“No, Steve. Tony wants you,” Peter says with a shake of his head, “I know it.”
Whenever Tony’s gone, Peter tends to gravitate in Steve’s direction.
Dimly, he hears a familiar voice call out to him, and until Peter’s face fills his limiting vision, he believes it to be nothing more than an imagining, but no, no, it’s Peter, clad in nothing more than the goofy costume he’d forced him to design, sans his mask, which, if Tony’s iced-over nerve endings are to believe, inform him is being slipped over his head. Wiring Peter’s installed in the suit include thermal insulation, something Tony knows he’s in need of, and he also knows that, if Peter could strip himself down and give him the rest of the costume to wear, he would.
attractive he found said man), initially surprised by how well cleaned-out Steve is and filing it away for a future topic of conversation before he focuses on coaxing the man into relaxation, because, as he so aptly puts, “This isn’t going to be a whole lot of fun for either of us if you snap my finger in two,” which Steve apparently agrees with as he relaxes just enough for Tony to pull out the finger just a bit.
Steve pauses now, too—Clint’s good at reading people. In fact, as good as Natasha is at knowing how people operate, Clint’s surpasses her by far in actually
“Can’t we just watch the movie?” Steve half-asks, half-begs, blush rising rampant in his cheeks. He’s never been good with talks like these, not even before the ice (though, admittedly, there wasn’t exactly an overabundance of these types of conversations pre-ice), and he’s more than ready to slit his own wrists if Peter forces this conversation to continue. “I’ll even let you stay up later.”
“Dad was right, you are a sarcastic jerk, Mr. Rogers.”
Steve only holds him tighter.
with inaccuracy,” Tony says, shaking his head and realizing his own hypocrisy, “But not right now because you just called me gorgeous and little me is a bit thrilled to hear
. How are you unable to see how ridiculously in love with you Tony is?”
and all Steve can do is groan and fist his fingers in Tony’s dry, sticky hair and relish in the low moan that Tony emits in reaction. The sound goes straight to Steve’s arousal, and it takes all of him not to just rut against Tony like some wild animal.
Peter continues to act throughout the rest of the week as nothing happened, and though Steve desires nothing more than to question him into reveal, he doesn’t—he simply allows the entire conversation to fall into the back of his attentions for the duration of the time that Peter occupies his living space, allowing the boy to distract him with homework problems that he doesn’t actually need help with and a litany bad films and TV shows, and even manages to strike off another from his list as he’s forced to watch the entire original trilogy of
They talk for two hours. For Steve, it’s just bordering on twelve AM, but for Tony, it’s now six in the morning, which means that he’s been up since at least four AM (Steve later discovers that Tony hadn’t actually slept at all), so Steve shoos him off with apologies and threats alike, which would be counterproductive with a lesser person but works perfectly with Tony, who simply shoots back with sarcastic snips and vaguely flirtatious one-liners that has Steve blushing. It’s nothing he’s strictly unused to, however—it’s just who Tony is.
The conversation is all but forgotten within the next few days, Tony and Steve both returning to their regular banter as the inhabitants of the tower resume with their daily lives. Tony goes back to spending eighty percent of his time in the lab, the other twenty percent almost entirely utilized in his role as Peter’s slightly abnormal role model. Sometimes, ten percent of the time is used for situations demanding the attentions of the Iron Man, but that’s not every day, maybe only a couple of times a week. Even less time is designated towards S.I duties, which is only atypical; he put Pepper in that spot for a reason, after all. A month passes, and Steve’s pretty much forgotten the conversation he had with Tony—even more so, the conversation with Peter.
“I’m sure Bruce is making food.”
Peter doesn’t go to sleep that night, and Steve’s utterly aware that it’s out of fear, and so while he’s aware that he can’t allow him to do this, he does anyways. He spends his night with Peter clutching him like some sort of octopus, arms tight around his neck and legs wrapped around Steve’s waist, and intermittently, he cries silently, trying not to let Steve hear it although he knows Steve does anyways. He just doesn’t make comment on it—he knows Peter doesn’t want him to.
“Steve, I wanna get you and Tony together.”
“Don’t do it!” is Peter’s responding cry, grasping on a bit tighter, fingernails nearly biting into the skin of his arm. He’s acting like he’s a lot younger than he is, Steve’s figuring, but he’s also figuring that Peter’s not had many opportunities to act like this in the past; so carefree and happy, and so it’s not so much immature as it is endearing, to Steve at least.
Steve sighs. “I don’t want to leave you, but I’ll also understand if you need a bit of space. You’ve been through a lot in a couple of hours, Tony, so if you need the time to process it, I’ll understand it. It’ll be okay if you want me to go away for a little bit.”
He decides to chance it. “What did it? Does it have anything to do with Peter?” he asks, not allowing himself to stop making the sandwich and turn around. If he does that, Tony’ll see how much this affects him.
Steve knows it to be nothing more than a facet.
“Point taken,” he says, hands up in the universal ‘stop laughter-induced vomiting’ sign, still laughing himself, his grin taking up almost all the available space on his face, “Stopping now. Only serious chatter now.”
“There’s no good way to approach this, honestly, Steve,” Bruce informs him when he asks him about it two days after the fact, elbows deep in something Steve can only describe as a machine straight out of one of Bucky’s science-fiction serials. “Every person is different with stressors. Sure, Tony needs the push, needs to learn to express things fully and—pass me that screwdriver, there, please—but he’s also—no,
Steve and Tony, your focuses should be on not only each other, but the needs of yourself to communicate them, and from what you’re telling me, I’m guessing you guys only do about half of that.” Rhodey smiles softly now. “You two just need to discuss what the other needs to give each other what you two want. That’s all you need to do.”
“It can,” Tony agrees easily, “But it’s not gonna.”
And, because in his heart of hearts he’s in fact a selfish creature, Steve stays away in order to protect himself. He all but runs out the room when Tony walks in, keeps any conversations he’s forced to have with him brief and on topic—he doesn’t even allow himself the luxury of
Steve’s not all too good with jokes like Tony is, but he thinks he manages it well when he asks, “What, not even to use the bathroom?”
“That’s cool, Mr. Rogers,” Peter says before continuing, “Didya wanna see my robot? I don’t think our mentor left yet. It’s so cool! I’m gonna have the program finished by Sunday. I can’t wait to launch it! It’s gonna win for sure at the regional! Are you coming to my regional? Please tell me you’re coming to the regional—Tony, tell him he’s gotta come to the regional! It’s so cool! There’s gonna be teams from everywhere, and then the high school kids build bigger robots with a driving period rather than wholly autonomous, and that’s three days long, so I was gonna watch it, and it’s so
“Not in this room.”
Steve doesn’t let himself think about it, though. He may be selfish, but self-pity? It’s never been his thing. He doesn’t sit around and mope about the negative, which he knows his life has seen a lot of, because he sees no point in relishing in misery about how he wants things to be, it’s a waste of time for both himself and others. Buck had taught him that. In fact, Bucky’d been so good at teaching him this lesson that Steve doesn’t even let himself be miserable about Bucky all too much. He may search, but he doesn’t let the lack of result distract him. There’s far more things he needs accomplished, after all; he’s Captain America, and the Avengers need their Captain’s head where it belongs: focused on the objective.
Steve can’t help but chuckle. “You had two slices and you were complaining about being full halfway through the second.”
“Hydra killed your parents,” Steve blurts out.
-THE KUDOS
back before the events of two months ago—the only thing that’s new is the fact that Tony can
The worse, though, is knowing he doesn’t simply
“Tony talks about everybody a lot, Peter,” Steve informs the child, “If that’s the logic you’re going to use, then Tony should just date anyone. Maybe Clint.”
Steve is not as familiar with Tony’s anxiety as other members of the team are, not like the likes of Bruce or even Natasha, and he’s not really even sure he can even fully grasp what it is that triggers this resultant in Tony, but he knows that whatever it is that’s formed this within Tony, whatever factors they may be, it’s unjustified that it hurts Tony in such a way. He may have had his misgivings before about Tony, when they had met before in the helicarrier workshop laboratory that he had overtaken all that while ago, but he knows better now; knows he judged him far harsher than the man had ever deserved—and he also knows that Tony’s faced that judgement from far more than just himself for far longer than Steve can allow himself to think of.
?” Tony asks.
to the reviewers of the last chapter: ilysm thank you all
of work,” Steve tells him.
“I’ve got the whipped cream and the bed.”
Steve is not a bad guy. For me, (and I guess this would be spoilers, technically), in the case of this story and the Civil War arc I am approaching, Tony and Steve both take their stances to protect Peter. The act mandates registration of enhanced, which for heroes like Spider-Man, requires information like a secret identity to become public knowledge, which Tony would be able to have some part in controlling the release of if he is to help the act's passing. But in Steve's view, because the act would further make public knowledge all those RELATED to the enhanced individuals, there is no way to keep it controlled once it's passed, leaving Peter in harm's way should he be forced to register, because the adoption would be placed in the public domain. For this tale, this is the decision I've come to in reference to Steve and Tony's views in the movie, and how it will play.
mean” in the most undignified way possible, but he hardly makes note of it, because Peter turns and gives him a look that’s all too familiar for this twelve-year-old’s face, his eyes wide and incredulous as he visibly fights down all possible sarcastic and otherwise smarmy responses that can pop up in response to Steve’s query, his stare almost speaking entirely for him as it seemingly assesses Steve’s level of intelligence, checking to see if the man is as dumb as the question itself seems to be.
‘A bit’ is 'a bit' of an understatement, considering it’s been weeks since they had the conversation about Peter’s obvious desire to see Steve and Tony together.
He instead focuses on making sure Tony doesn’t hurt himself more than he already has. It’s the least he can do, but he’s not sure how to do more as of this moment; the few glimpses the internet’s given him is that every person reacts differently to outside forces in the midst of an attack. He’s seen Bruce order JARVIS to begin playing heavy metal when it looks like Tony’s about to tip off the edge, but he’s also seen Natasha force Tony to help her make chocolate babka, and Clint runs off at the mouth about some stories from his time in the circus until Tony’s okay again. He’s only seen Tony really fall from the ledge about twice before, and both those times, Bruce was the first to respond and lock down the floor before Steve can really get a grasp on the situation.
And Steve damn near chokes on the lasagna Peter helped him make today.
(In the back of his mind, a conspiratorial part of him reminds him about his own secrets he keeps from the man beside him—the man he’s in love with—whispering to him how much of a coward he is compared to him.)
“I’m so sorry, Peta-P,” he whispers so he doesn’t wake up the boy, his voice strained due to the agony he feels, “I’m so very sorry.”
again! For the sake of your own child!”
he’s doing that to himself), burrowing his face into Steve’s collarbone. He can’t imagine ever wanting to be away from him, in this moment, ever wanting to leave his grasp, because this is a place where he finds belonging, he’s finding, and he’d have to be a moron to want to give it all up, he thinks. Steve’s perfect, too perfect for him, but for some reason he doesn’t really get, Steve
was supposed to go with them. They’d apparently been planning on going to dinner at their favorite restaurant to celebrate their anniversary, and since for once Tony was home for the holidays, Tony was supposed to come with, but he’d refused outright—he didn’t want to spend his holiday break with Howard any more than necessary, not wishing for the night to end in some lecture about how great he wasn’t or for his mother to wipe tomato sauce from the corner of his mouth like he was five again. His parents couldn’t reconcile that he’d grown up, just like he couldn’t reconcile that he still needed them. He’d brushed both of them off, and though Howard was a bit annoyed and his mother frustrated, they didn’t fight it. His mom even promised to bring him home some pasta and some cake—tres leches from the Spanish bakery down the street from the restaurant, specifically, because it was his absolute
“Worse. Clint’s a worrywart with a flair for drama and an affinity for talking too much. I wanted to rip out his aids after the first thirty minutes,” Bruce admits almost in a whisper, laughing quietly to himself.
means that Peter goes home and leaves his space. Sure, it’s not like Peter’s gone far—he knows that—but it’s not like he can just check up on Peter in the middle of the night when he’s back with Tony.
The anticipation is quickly replaced with dread when JARVIS suddenly shuts down the film, turning instead to the news so that the two, taken completely off-guard, are now looking at the image of one Tony Stark giving his Malibu address to a terrorist on national television.
, anyways.”
Tony sits himself down at the table, sitting in the only seat available, taking in the room, which Steve knows to be Spartan as he finds it hard to find the time to search for furniture and decorations. In fact, if it weren’t for the fact that Tony had the table in place before Steve had moved in, he’d just sit on the floor for his meals.
(See the end of the chapter for
and keeps taking pictures.
“It’s true,” Steve says defensively.
(See the end of the chapter for
it, you big baby, you
him for it—and he’ll lose him forever.
“Anything you two wish to discuss?” Steve asks.
—when, in truth, it’s really Steve who’s not worthy of the ground Tony walks on. He wants to contest Tony’s words, but at the same time, he knows that the moment he does, he’s basically assuring that he’ll lose Tony.
, because he hates it, he hates himself, he hates the world, he hates Hydra and he hates the past for how much it affects him still, for how much everything affects him. He wants to be a different person, wants to be anyone else besides himself, because what he is a fucking idiot who deserves nothing good, apparently, and it’s just
He tells himself that it’s easier this way.
,” Pepper says, her voice that of utter frustration and fear, “But he’s such a stubborn asshole!”
“He almost
one, the one I’m pointing at, please, Steve—but he’s also more triggered by people pushing him out of his comfort zone more than he’s willing to be—Steve, please, I’m losing respect for you, the purple handle you’ve passed three
From the couch, Peter asks if anyone’s gonna talk about how Tony just called him a shitbag. No one does, mostly because they all know that Peter doesn’t actually mind it as much as his tone suggests. He only argues it for the sake of arguing it, not really because it bothers him. If he truly wants it to stop, then he could stop it any time, because he’s got Tony wrapped around his little finger and he
Tony doesn’t argue, doesn’t speak; his throat’s too dry from the guttural voice Steve’s just used, removing his fingers and grabbing more lube from where he’s left it upon the nightstand, trying to slick himself up quickly so he can find a similar release. Steve watches him all the while, with bleary eyes that don’t match up with the focus he apparently has, his cock barely losing any hardness before it’s back to an angry red color, twitching impatiently against Steve’s abdomen.
“I don’t doubt it,” Steve laughs, taking a sip of the [non-alcoholic] beer Tony supplied him with, “You seem like the kind of fella who needs things
to know who killed his parents.”
At some point, Steve falls asleep on the couch with Peter curled up against him, as he notices firstly when he’s stirred into consciousness, the television still playing before them, casting colors and lights upon Peter’s sleeping face, but he hardly has a moment to think about it before he feels the pressure of a hand on his cheek, but not just any hand—a callous-covered hand that smells too much like engine oil and hot metal and is entirely too soft to be anything other than that of one Tony Stark’s, who’s looking at him as if he wants to devour him in a way that, despite Steve’s supposed resolve, has a heat stirring deep within him.
, who did Tony think he was, doing this to people who loved him—to people who fucking
But Steve doesn’t think about any of that.
that, his problem isn't in the understanding of where Clint's coming from. His problem is that Clint's so willing to cast him as a bad guy in a story he doesn't have all the details to.
Peter finally looks at him. “I know,” he says, his voice shaky despite the decisive nature of the statement, “You’re just a selfish prick.”
There isn’t a moment that Tony doesn’t laugh—legitimately laugh, not the one he gives when he knows the press is watching. It took Steve months to get Tony comfortable enough around him to be able to laugh like he does now, and Steve cannot get enough of it. It’s high up there on his list of the most beautiful things in his world, right above the view of a sunrise from the helicarrier’s highest elevation, but right below Tony’s smile. Everything’s below Tony’s smile, quite frankly, because that’s the one thing Steve’s just never been able to catch even a hint of the beauty of in pencil. The sight that is Tony’s smile just alludes him whenever he tries to capture it for himself—it’s something he can only experience by making it happen in real time.
Steve shakes his head, still grinning in a way he knows to be utterly foolish, “If you really don’t want to see the pizza again, you should probably stop right now.”
“I’m here,” Tony says, nodding, “Totally here.”
He likes that Peter feels comfortable enough to think about searching for him for companionship in the wake of his father’s (admittedly reluctant and forced) departures. It’s nice, to be needed by someone in such a simple way; because at the end of the day, Peter’s truthfully not looking for too much from Steve—all he’s looking for his an adult to hang out with him as he waits for his father to come home; truthfully speaking, Peter’s already highly self-sufficient at his tender age of twelve, almost to the brink of abnormality, he doesn’t really need Steve to watch over him as if he would somehow die if left to his lonesome. He doesn’t really need Steve’s open door, doesn’t really need Steve to share his food, doesn’t really need Steve to allow him to take his own bed whenever he’s fallen asleep on him—but Steve does it, again and again, happily, because it makes Peter happy.
yes), but he knows that’s not the way Steve means it, and he doesn’t need the rampant blush overtaking Steve’s cheeks to inform him of the fact.
It’s getting increasingly rarer and rarer to find Tony on a good day, much less one that Peter’s not around for, because it’s usually for Peter that Tony pushes aside his responsibilities to focus on his favorite one, and Steve’s afraid to say anything about the hiccups in the process in front of Peter, for fear that he’s not actually aware of the difficulties Tony’s encountering, which is entirely too within the realms of possibility for Steve’s comfort but, as there’s not much he can do about it, he doesn’t allow himself the luxury of thinking about it. Peter comes around often enough that they do get to see him legitimately happy for even just a little bit, which is more than they can ask for—it’s worthy of celebration when it’s not a direct result of Peter’s presence.
(Tony doesn’t even give him a glance, much less actually acknowledge he’s said something. The quiet unnerves Steve.)
Tony snorts, and it probably has something to do with the fact that he’s been in the same oil-spotted, ripped old t-shirt the entire day.
Clint nods. “Sounded that way.” He shrugs. “But we’re not talking about our intrusion of privacy right now, Steve. I’m more curious about where you get off being such a goddamn prick.”
“You’re not going to ruin a thing,” Steve says softly, sitting up just a bit, “I stand by my statement. Peter loves you.”
“No, I think
Tony hesitates before whispering, brokenly, “I don’t want to lose him, Steve.”
“Does your dad know you’re here?” Steve asks instead, hoping he doesn’t sound half as anxious as he feels.
Also, sexy sex times.
Peter doesn’t laugh like he wants, but he does give the breath of one.
“No, not done,” Peter says with decision heavy in his voice, “Just put on the backburner for a bit.”
have fun when he stays over, even if it is cooking and watching movies, and to an extent he does like having someone to take care of. It’s a welcome feeling, to be relied on, rather than to be the one relying on the care of another like he’d been forced to so often in the past, though he’s aware that Peter doesn’t actually really need him. In fact, he sometimes finds himself a bit saddened when Tony comes home—it may mean he gets to see the man again, but it
“You live in a day and age where you can screw anyone with only limited public backlash, Steve, and you refuse to take advantage of it. Your hard Christian morals are your downfall,” Clint tells him before asking, “But did Peter talk to you about it last night?”
“We could tell,” Clint responds dryly, arching a brow as he takes another spoonful of rocky road, but he’s hardly annoyed at it now, not when Nat keeps looking over at Clint with such a worryingly guarded look—and especially not when Clint’s looking the way he is at this moment, like he’s less likely to crack a joke and more likely to crack a skull. Steve puts down the eraser when he notices it, crossing his arms over his chest in order to look more confident under the scrutiny of the two master spies, because neither look to be in a particularly jocular mood, which is typical for the redhead but completely out of sorts for the archer he knows.
“I have
Tony panic slightly. “I’m sorry…
“Of course, I’m sure I could’ve done without having to deal with Barton for nearly two hours by myself, but I’ll get over it.”
who’s making Steve cry out this way, no one else.
Tony manages to just barely croak out, “Is that so,” his voice scratchy and his throat feeling sore.
like that, son,” Steve says instead, “That’s a bit
, Peter,” he says, obviously exasperated now from the hounding (and Steve can imagine well enough how he’s rubbing the scar tissue surrounding his arc reactor), and he answers, “Like he’d want some sort of mess like me. I’m not Peggy Carter, after all.”
Steve’s heart threatens to stop right in his chest, but he refuses to let it. Refuses to let his hopes get up. It’ll only crush him if he does, in the end.
“Well, Rhodey was with me, so—”
Steve honestly doesn’t think Tony’s fears will come to fruition. He can see plainly how strong the bonds between them are, even though he’s never been great at figuring people out—that’s how blatant the two of them are, even worse than Bruce and Natasha, but ten times more adorable (and Bruce and Nat are cute, in a different way, admittedly, but the point still stands). Peter might be upset, yes, but he just can’t see Peter wanting to just leave Tony’s side and go with his aunt and uncle who,
The ending of this tale, which starts happy, gets a bit weird around the middle, gets happy again, and then ends up kicking the author's ass because she can only end it the same way in any of the different iterations of the chapter she writes because this story is about love in all its different forms in the real world and she can't give it the fairy tale ending she wants because this is the real fucking world folks.
Clint grumbles but acquiesces to Steve’s wishes, contenting himself with continuing to scroll through the messages. Steve doesn’t even bother trying to stop him—it would be but an exercise in frustration, because Clint’s the kind of guy who will just bug him until he hears what he wants to hear. It’s easier for Steve, in the long run, if he just lets him read it instead. Clint gets what he wants and Steve, for his part, doesn’t have to waste the time trying to find the words to explain.
is the result of a super-soldier under the effects of arousal, so he’s more proud than he is annoyed of the sorry state of his sheets, because
“My dad with Uncle Clint?” Peter asks aloud before groaning, “Not a thought I want to think. That’s like setting Fred up with George.”
you.”
“Okay?”
“So what you gonna do?” Steve asks, a bit of the Brooklyn slipping out without a thought.
Steve shifts a bit, obviously embarrassed. “I’m not an idiot,” Steve mumbles almost to himself, “And I’m not as innocent as you’d all like to make me out to be. I know
“Tony, you’re Peter’s dad,” Steve says slowly, shaking his head, “And Peter loves you like it. You’re his world, Tony, and it shows.”
And, probably too predictably, Peter’s having none of it. Probably, as Steve recollects this time later, it’s one of those things that makes him even more like Bucky; he had no patience for Steve’s bullshit avoidance policy either, which is the only reason he can attach to why, when after just about two weeks of avoiding Tony and Peter, the kid barges in his apartment with chin jut high in the air, the blanket in one hand and already in pajamas, which is only weird because it’s only two PM. He doesn’t even acknowledge Steve initially, instead, he walks right past the man as if he’s not even worthy of Peter’s gaze, flopping down on the couch into a boneless heap and tossing the remote at Steve as way of greeting, requesting Steve pick something tonight, because it’s
, Steve.
Tony checks in with them throughout the week, through call and text alike, video chatting Peter once on Thursday before passing out mid-call due to utter exhaustion, as they find out that Tony hasn’t slept in four days and, in a last-ditch effort, Happy’s laced sleeping pills into his dinner that night. Peter takes many screenshots of Tony’s sleeping-and-drooling face so that way he can scribble on it in the paint application on his tablet, giggling all the while and sending off the pictures as he finishes them to a group chat that includes Clint, Natasha, Bruce, Rhodey and, of course, Steve.
TELL YA DOGS AND YA HAMSTAS
“I’m just curious,” Peter responds cryptically, “Really just curious. Would you date him, by any chance?”
at the praise, his cock leaking onto his stomach (and, admittedly, the idea that Steve might have a praise kink is threatening to wreck his patience and makes him just want to take him before he’s ready). Tony kisses at the inside of Steve’s thigh as he works, slowly stretching and torturing the other man, watching him come more and more unraveled as he does frustrated, his hips moving to match Tony’s motions. By this point, Tony knows he’s more than ready, stretching him still with more than four fingers, but he’s fascinated by the wanton expression Steve has on his face; the tightly clenched jaw and the blown-out pupils, so much so that he’s actually kind of surprised when Steve cries out suddenly, his cock dribbling with his release, his body shaking with an apparent weight of the orgasm that hits him.
“Dad thinks so,” Peter whispers, eyes glued to the image of Bambi on the screen, “He thinks he did something.”
The way the t-shirt that obviously isn’t his seems to stretch over his muscles, how it doesn’t hide the scars on his arms from both work and anxiety, how he moves ever closer despite how terrified he is, and how a man who’s so afraid of the worst outcome in any situation needs no convincing to chase this, iron-clad in his decision as he says,
it evident in his very tone, “But I could be wrong.”
Peter’s eyes flash a bit before flattening out. “Took off when I touched down,” he responds, beginning to gather Tony up into a more dignified form, “Was apparently waiting for someone to come pick you up, like the cowardly asshole he is.”
in Tony’s direction for very long, because it
(But he isn’t going to focus on that right now, he decides.)
Peter, for his part, has a hand fisted into the material of Tony’s sweats, his mouth opened only slightly, his legs—skinny and long, bent and twisted together naturally; curled up in sleep, his face at ultimate peace as he cuddles his father. Peter’s not one naturally predisposed to displays of affection, and so it’s always heart-warming to see when he expresses such feelings towards his adoptive father. Quietly, he asks for JARVIS to get a shot of them together saved to his tablet before making his way silently towards the kitchen area.
It doesn’t feel like too long before Steve’s on the stage, standing behind the podium; staring straight forwards through the flashing bulbs showering upon him from the crowd, doing his best not to seem like he’s not been a mess these past few days, because the public can’t know how close he is to shattering apart like glass—he’s here to let them know that the Avengers are standing strong in reaction, not crumbling like ruins. Steve’s hands grip the podium, and if he pretends enough, he can almost pretend he’s sitting on the couch of his living room, watching television with Peter, who’s looking at him from his place in the front of the crowd with a quiet encouragement in the depths of his eyes.
“Damn,” Tony groans, “Didn’t even leave me a crust. You cruel bastard.”
“Well,
“I get that, but even a poster would be nice,” Tony responds, “And you could’ve painted if you wanted. It’s damned near surgical in here with all the white.” He turns the pixelated black-and-white of an assumed Winter Soldier sighting in the Ukraine, smudging the paper with his dirtied fingertips. “I feel like I should be scrubbed in.”
“I’m not going to allow anyone else to be hurt, Steve,” Tony says, “I care about all of you so much, and I’m not going to abandon my fight because you asked me to. It’s because you asked me to that I can’t.” He takes in a shaky breath before saying, “The Mandarin needs to be stood up to, and I’m the one with the power and the ability both. It’s my duty, and my choice.”
Peter’s not all too willing to let go of him after that, forcing Steve to keep him against himself when he moves upright, because while he just wants to focus on the pain he shares currently with Peter, he can’t, how can he—he’s needed now, Captain America is needed now, because the Avengers need a game plan now that the extraction idea is shot to shit. He sends Natasha off to follow the grapevine that’ll lead to the identity and location of this Mandarin, whilst he sends Clint and Bruce off to Malibu after receiving a call from Pepper, who makes contact what Steve doesn’t realize is nearly two hours later. She personally sends in a Stark Industries PR personnel in order to talk to Steve about the next public move following these attacks, about what the Avengers are going to say—about what Steve is going to say, because, after all, he’s what the public have attributed to being the leaders of the Avengers.
They sit in the living room of Tony’s flat, Peter sleeping just down the hall, the television off and phones tucked away so they can have the talk that Steve desired. Steve spends most of his time in this flat, verging on just simply moving in due to the ease it would provide on their lives, since the only time they’re separate anymore is when Steve goes back to his floor to sleep and wash up only to return back to here. Some of his drawings have begun to migrate into the space, populating a few frames around the apartment, and the first time Steve saw one, he nearly choked Tony out with the hug he gave him. It was kind of funny, only because Steve actually hates seeing his own art but appreciated it so much that Tony found enough importance in them to hang them up, and every time he sees one he both grimaces and smiles.
This, he thinks to himself, is a good time.
“So, Cap, I just wanted to say, ‘cause I never did,” Tony says after they laugh for a bit, smiling still but visibly cautious, “Thanks.”
"… Steve is NOT the bad guy, in any of this. That is not the idea I've put forth, not the perspective I have; it is actually just what you guys have interpreted. The stories are written to represent in-the-moment feelings, and yes, primarily, the bulk of emotion comes into Tony's POV, so I can understand why you'd find an assumption of Steve's guilt. The problem with writing in "real time," as I am trying, especially with only one POV at a time, is that some things must be left out, specifically the ideas and persuasions of others in the tale—i.e, Steve.
Peter makes a sound awfully close to a squawk. “You did
that Steve’s giving him, which clearly displays his threat to just
He stares for a moment before sighing. “We’re going to have to work on your self-esteem issues, because they are
“I won’t tell them unless you give me permission to,” Steve soothes.
As quick as he can, with a smile that’s all too fond considering Tony’s message content, he assures him that the kid is as safe as can be—he even sends Tony a picture of Peter sleeping. He ends up having to send him two images, the original one that JARVIS takes on a security camera in Tony’s room, and a second one from the tablet’s own installed camera when Tony demands to see better proof. It’s only then that the man relaxes and assures Steve in kind that, yes, he’s alive, he’s good, and is bored as hell at the fucking conference, oh my
“You’re doing so good,” he mumbles into Steve’s skin when he presses their chests together, one hand remaining on Steve’s hip while the other pressed into the mattress for leverage, “So damned good, Steve.”
Tony's not in the best of moods. It's understandable, but it doesn't mean to say that Steve doesn't want to somehow fix it, because he deserves it, and they all know it, not just Steve; and they're going to fix it - especially Steve.
about when he spoke: fantasies rampant of Tony draping himself over Steve, his lips dragging across Steve’s throat—fantasies that he does his best to clamp down off as so not to risk allowing himself to get swept up in them, because he feels as if the ground’s going to drop out from underneath his body and leave him to tumble to the ground stories below, he’s so nervous, and he has to force himself to look away from Tony’s eyes, which he tells himself he’s only imagined were only rimmed with a slight edge of blue due to blown-out pupils, his thick lashes only adding to the allusion of arousal Steve thinks he’s made himself see in Tony’s eyes.
Thank you very much for reading this chapter! Please feel free to leave a comment to tell me how you felt, whether you love it or you hate it! All criticism is good criticism even if it makes me cry a little :)
“Never left,” he mumbles back.
He then closes his eyes—
Steve blinks. “Hypocrite?”
Steve loves this smile of his. If he could see it every day for the rest of his days, he’d die the happiest man on the planet.
“Why can’t it be
“Tony,” he says again.
be!” Tony barks back, hands fisting tight at his sides, “
They break apart, gasping, lips reddening, and somehow, some
And Steve’ll be damned if that doesn’t make him hurt.
to everyone (including the reviewers): i'm so sorry for what i'll be putting you through, emotionally, in this chapter and in the next. please don't hate me :(
Peter’s confused when he asks Tony what he means.
, knowing that the people he cares about have to suffer just because he cares for them.
“Pepper, hand me to Tony,” Steve orders without gifting himself a bit of thought.
, especially because of Peter and the idea of making
same thing.” Tony begins to shake his head—it’s a lie, it’s all just a lie, but Steve continues arguing, “I was so
of Malibu this instant.
Tony bristles. “Like you can look me in the eye and say you’d never do the same thing,” he hisses.
, he can’t do it, so as afraid as he is, he tells Peter what he knows now to be the truth. Peter lets out a little gasp of breath, and Steve looks away, ashamed and afraid, because now he’s opened himself up for more pain, because now he’s lost Tony, now that he’s admitted what he means to him—now he’s going to lose Peter, too, isn’t he, because that’s what happens, he loses the people he cares about the most, and he can’t afford to lose Peter, not Peter too, it’s not right, he can’t—
Tony shrugs again. “I dunno,” he says with a sigh, “We haven’t slept together yet, so I figure—oh,
Tony’s on the communal floor when he arrives with the food, Peter’s head in his lap as the boy snoozes peacefully, his father’s fingers woven through his hair as the man’s other free hand swipes lazily on the screen of the tablet in front of him. Five news stations are struggling to speak over each other on the wall-to-wall display before Tony, alighting his face with an array of color that Steve would like nothing more than to pause this moment on so he can attempt to recreate it through use of pastel. He doesn’t notice Steve’s presence, and for that, Steve’s glad; it allows him to fully take in this moment for all it’s worth.
-THE VIEWS
Steve, I
, right?” he asks, smiling now, but it’s not the smile Steve loves, it’s the fake one he uses to mask the hurt, the ugly one that threatens to stab Steve right through the chest, “Because they’re his
“S-Steve?”
what I mean, don’t be obtuse,” he orders affectionately, grinning like an idiot at Tony, “We’re with you, Tony. We’re always gonna be with you.” He chuckles softly, craning his neck to breach the final inches of space, pressing his lips against Tony’s own, whispering against them, “We’re with you, ‘til the end of the line.”
Steve’s on the phone with Pepper within minutes, Peter hot on his tail as he goes to the communal floor, which already has Clint and Natasha already prepping for flight, both of them having been obviously otherwise relaxed, if Clint’s bedhead his any indication to the fact, neither of them looking pleased at all with the situation (Clint especially), while Bruce busies himself with trying to get in contact with Tony himself, which Peter latches onto almost instantly. The TV plays the various news channels, which all focus on the fact that a billionaire superhero just challenged a terrorist, and Steve’s
He’s overwarm, but he’s not exactly upset about it, wrapping his arms around the boy as best as he can when trapped under his vice-like grip, pulling him in even closer than before. He’s never been entirely fond of physical displays of affection (or any display of affection, save for nicknames), but Peter’s been all too happy to force him into obligation. He’ll take it while he can, he figures—there’ll come a day when Peter will shy away from the idea of cuddling with his parent, and he knows that he’ll miss it. Peter lets out a small hum of contentment, burrowing his face in a bit closer (and smearing the puddle of drool across his skin, much to his disgust), and lessening his deathgrip on Tony’s arm, much to his relief, though he’s pretty sure he’s going to developing bruises in the shape of Peter’s skinny fingers.
In annexation to avoiding Tony, Steve sees far less of Peter than he’s truly comfortable with, the boy having become a virtual staple in Steve’s day-to-day routine, but as Peter and Tony come as a sort of pre-packaged deal, Steve sees no other choice than to avoid Peter, too, and the pain he feels compounds. Steve really doesn’t notice how important Peter is to his life until Peter’s spot becomes an empty one. If he sees Peter approaching, he’ll typically take an alternative route. If he sees Peter simply resting in the communal area, then he’ll backtrack and go out for a run.
Tony doesn’t apologize; he simply corrects that it’s in fact the left hand.
It’s none too long until the two men stir the boy awake, because while they don’t have to be concerned about the time for themselves, they come to a quick remembrance that it’s still weekday. Tony’s not looking to have Peter miss any days of school if he can help it, so he ignores Peter’s cries of argument, all but dropping the boy into the shower that Steve gets started for him on his way to get him ready with a quick breakfast of some sort, which becomes instant oatmeal with raisins and honey, Steve combing Peter’s wet hair for him as he eats, earning the complaintive reminder of Peter’s age all the while, despite the fact that he’s not only put his t-shirt on inside-out, but also backwards. Peter tries to insist that he doesn’t
Steve looks off to the side, rubbing the back of his neck. “Not sure about that. Nat told me that one of them turned out to need stitches.”
And Tony just can’t help the fact that he kind of wants to punch Rhodey, but it’s probably because he knows that the man’s right, though he himself has no idea how to properly go about communicating his wants and desires, considering he’s been taught all his life that what he wants wasn’t of great importance. Whatever Steve wanted to discuss, he’s realizing, he’s going to need to be able to communicate what he wants in return, or what he wants at all, because he’s fully aware that he’s not doing it currently.
who’s letting him defile the inside of his mouth like this, that it really is
And now here he was, after years of trying to reconcile that it was nothing but some sort of freak occurrence, listening to his
“Yeah, I guess I’m asking if you, um, find Mr. Rogers attractive,” Peter says carefully. Steve knows Peter’s not as nervous as his tone suggests, if his own conversation with the boy holds any bearing.
It begun succinctly, right under all their noses, but at some point along the line, Steve had found that whenever Tony left the tower on any sort of extended trip, Peter would turn up at his door, armed with a pillow, some bad movie from the previous thirty years and a thick comforter wrapped around his shoulders with an increasingly overly familiar look of expectation upon his overly adorable face, and would then take it upon himself to stay for as long as he desired to—typically, until the moment he got notice that Tony was back within a two-mile radius. He would stay, force Steve to make spaghetti and watch as many corny films as he can force JARVIS to follow up the DVD he brings, wrangle him into the parent-like duties Tony is forced to leave behind every single time business calls for him.
Clint calls bullshit in a sing-song voice, pushing up from the air mattress to saunter on over to the kitchen, jumping up to sit on the counter whilst Steve continues to put away his groceries like the good domesticated man his mother raised him to be, nearly snagging an apple but thwarted by a slap to the hand delivered by Steve.
Minutes pass. They feel like hours. Maybe even days. Steve’s not all too sure, if he’s completely honest, because it could’ve been mere seconds until the moment that he finally hears Tony whisper,
Oddly enough, Tony doesn’t actually seem to mind. He doesn’t repeat the inquiry; he merely lets Steve finish. Later, Steve would feel guilty, but for this moment, Steve just wants to finish a song he hasn’t heard since the thirties.
(Steve’s brow wrinkles enough for Peter to automatically request JARVIS to add Harry Potter to their ever-increasing list.)
, Steve,” Peter argues, “But you need to talk about it. I mean, we all already
“Yeah, boss. Whatever.”
“Just tell me,” Tony encourages, though he can’t fathom why he does such a thing because it’s only just going to hurt when Steve tells him that he wants out.
allow him to be hurt, and yet here he was, injured by the very man he had praised for years, left alone to rot while the love of his life walked away in the embrace of the man who’d stolen that of his mother and father’s.
“I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you,”
“Yeah, when it comes to Peter,” Rhodey agrees, “But that’s a different type of relationship you two share when it comes to him. Your focuses are entirely different there, just like your focuses are different when you’re Avengers. It’s all entirely different, no matter how much they overlap. With Peter, your focuses are on Peter’s needs, on Peter’s wellbeing; and when you’re out in the field, your focuses are on protecting those in the line of fire and fulfilling the mission requirements. When you two are
sure that you were
, I—” He has a bad habit, a
“You trust me?” Tony asks him.
Tony looks back at him, searching Steve’s face with a careful precision none too unlike when he’s trying to figure out a problem with a program; as if he knows there’s some sort of answer to his unasked question hidden in the random hairs on Steve’s face, and while it’s the slightest bit discomforting, Steve doesn’t bend—he stares right back at Tony’s face, keeping his gaze on his electric blue eyes. They’re as blue as Dorothy’s dress, which is funny to Steve because the Iron Man suit is the exact same red as her ruby slippers, and the gold reminds him of the yellow brick road, but he doesn’t voice this aloud, because it’s silly and definitely
, and it’s what’s been keeping him mostly operational these past few days, despite the fact that he’s wanted to freak out since he first saw the rocket soaring through the sky, all Steve’s wanted to do was curl in on himself and shut the entire world out for as long as he can ever manage. Steve has to force himself to stay, because that’s what Peter needs: a parent to stay with him in the worst of moments. Peter’s not keen to let him out of his sight for more than a few moments, and he spends most of his time curled up against Steve, despite the fact that he’s far beyond the age that he needs physical comfort, but Steve’s always had a liking for cuddling so he allows it if only because it’ll keep Peter from completely falling apart at the seams.
“You don’t have to,” Steve acquiesces, shaking his head.
Tony looks at him before flicking nervous glance over at the other three members of their party. Both Clint and Nat were trying to undo the braid, because when Bruce had been doing it on his own, he’d created some gnarly tangles. Worry is evident on Tony’s face, along with apprehension.
Tony shrugs. “I think I’ve grieved enough for a couple of years,” Tony says slowly, considering his words carefully as not to give Steve the wrong idea about his state of mind, “I’m too tired to think about any of it right now, to be honest.”
He doesn’t know for how long Tony’s wanted him, loved him; and, he supposes, in the end it doesn’t matter too much, because the man who’s always so stuck in the past is finally fully in the present, fully able to focus on the flush of anticipation and desire that rushes through him as he moves in closer towards the shorter man, until the arc reaction can’t light up his face anymore and he can see, with his refined vision, almost every speck of dirt on Tony’s face that he decides to worry about later when he dips his head.
bad habit, of hurting his partners when he’s really into the moment. Hair pulling, back scratching, neck biting—Tony’s a fan of all of it, but rarely does he remember to fucking
Tony curls in tighter. “Since when do you know Gaelic?” he asks instead.
a super soldier is no big deal at all, “Bullets work the same on him that they do you or me, give or take the amount of blood lost and all. I reckon a good few shots to the right places should be good enough—namely the head and the lungs.”
So Steve stays there for the next forty minutes necessary to watch completely the rest of the film, which he comes to the decision is bad, but it’s not the worst thing he’s had himself watch as he struggles to play catch-up with the past seventy years. It doesn’t win any awards from Steve, anyways, though he does make it a point to add Bill Murray to the rest of his list after the conclusion—he’s got to have done something better, he decides; he finds he likes his character too much to be satisfied that this is the best Bill Murray can give to him. He turns off the television promptly, deciding to follow Peter’s example and schlep off to bed, though for him tonight that means to pull out the air mattress and begin to inflate it.
.” Steve bites his lip—he knows
And he does; it’s the honest truth. Peter’s a good kid, and he’s good company to have, though he’s a bit too observant for his age at times. For the most part, they
His fight gradually breaks down as he grows tired, as the intensity of his emotions tapers off, leaving him exhausted and malleable, quietly begging to be let go, his face pressed against Steve’s oversized chest, his arms limp at his sides. His entire body is cradled into Steve’s lap, their legs tangled together, Steve’s arms wrapped like steel bonds around his torso. The man holds him so tight he’s barely able to breathe, but other than the begging, Tony can’t make him release him whatsoever. He feels far too heavy, and far too cold, to put up any really fight, which he knows instinctively that, without his suit, would be a pointless venture anyways in the face of Steve’s ridiculous stubborn nature, which apparently acts against what’s good for him.
them instead of telling Tony the truth and letting him
these
“I’m not having this conversation with you, Peter,” Steve tries instead.
But he doesn’t focus on it. Instead, he focuses on the fact that Tony looks like he’s about to shit a puppy, he’s so tense and out-of-sorts. He can almost hear the other man’s heartbeat, for crying out loud, and it’s freaking him out, because Steve’s almost sure that this is the precursor to a panic attack, but he can’t push because he doesn’t want to trigger it. He’s entirely too unsure of what to possibly do, and it makes him ridiculously uneasy, cursing himself for being so bad with understanding other people.
“Mr. Rogers, are you in love Tony?” Peter asks in the middle of the second
Tony’s nose wrinkles. “Ew. No. Never say that again. That’s so gross. Ew. No.
... and on comes the storm. Destructive is it as it runs its path through their broken but intricately woven lives, threatening the very fabric of their bonds with one another. But this is only but the beginning.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Is something going on?” he asks, leaning forwards now, concerned. “You know you can talk to me about anything, Peter. I’m always here for when you need me.”
call me gorgeous. Come here.”
Just like the title says: it's just the calm before the storm. The time for Steve to bring close those he loves the most is beginning.
And Steve doesn’t mind that, either.
“No, I’m not,” Tony snaps at him, finally looking at Steve, anger and misery aflame in the back of his eyes, “I’m just some lonely asshole who pushed my care and love on a kid who doesn’t know any better. I’m not his father, just like he isn’t my son. He isn’t my kid, he belongs to the couple in that house over there who’ve been looking him since he was two
Tony grimaces. “He’s a bit overmuch,” he confesses, “His heart’s in the right place, though. He’s just got major mother-hen tendencies sometimes.”
“Damn near spotless,” he agrees, “Glad you see things my way, Rogers. Glad to know you’re a man of sensibility and propriety.”
He’d rolled his eyes, turned around, and kept playing that
And they are. They’re really good friends, and, if Steve’s being completely honest with himself, Tony’s probably his best friend, which Steve’s more than thankful for every single day. He treasures the bond that Tony allows him to have with him. It’s sacred for Steve; one of the most important things in his life in the modern age.
“Only way to play Mario Kart,” Steve responds casually.
Tony’s on his feet before Steve can really process it. “What the
He rubs the back of Steve’s bared right thigh gently, mumbling softly to the man about how well he’s doing, and Steve, for his part, damn near
He gets word the next day that Tony’s made contact with Pepper just before the press conference is about to begin, and he tells Peter almost immediately, because this is something he needs to know, even if it’s from the day of the explosion, because it still means that there’s a chance, a
Tony blinks a bit, owlishly, before humor returns to his eyes, and he asks if he’s not pretty enough as is. His hair isn’t all too long, not nearly Bruce’s shaggy length but somehow Clint managed a nice French braid with a ribbon of unknown origins laced through.
“I will admit the situation could’ve been better handled, yes,” he acquiesces as his anger visibly builds, “But at least I didn’t take down an entire espionage organization and put millions out of jobs and cost the government billions in damages.” He crosses his arms. “I didn’t see you jumping to call the team then, Steve.”
He can almost hear the eye roll when Steve says, “You know that’s not what I mean,” all parts aggravated and adoring, and he can’t help the cheeky grin that arises in retort, which earns him a soft slap (for Steve, anyways) on his hip, to which he dramatically howls, claiming that he’s now been mortally wounded, leaping out of the bed to get away from his attacker.
Tony frowns just a bit. “But I thought—”
measly day, but Tony’s hearing none of it, especially when he’s only got a
Peter shrugs. “I guess. But Tony’s in Malibu, so it’s not exactly like he’s gonna come running in any minute like you’re worried he’s gonna.” Peter doesn’t make eye contact with Steve, but the veteran can plainly see the sadness that’s intermingled with the anger in the depths of Peter’s eyes. “So, relax, Mr. Rogers, you can still avoid him.”
by yourself.”
as he manages to work his [crisp, bright, sparkling white] t-shirt over his head, revealing the muscle structure that Tony already knows to exist but can’t stop the inclination to run his mouth over, his lips tracing a course down Steve’s jaw and the chiseled-out lines of his neck, leaving a small trail of saliva as he gently bites at the surprisingly supple skin.
in time to keep Pepper off of both their asses. Tony’s set to be gone for the next week or so, and so Steve knows that he’s probably going to be playing the role of Peter’s caretaker for the week. Fortunately for him, the air mattress he’d ordered came in the weekend previous, and patiently awaits inflation for when Peter’s too conked out from all the films—however, he’s got to make it past the whole fact that there is
unpack that bag, you are
It’s been a while, since Tony was last rendered nervous about the notion of sex, but in all honesty, it’s also been just as long since Tony was so enamored with the person he was having sex with. He hadn’t felt this way probably since his college days—not even Pepper made him feel as excited, as nervous, as he feels as he walks down that seemingly expansive hallway to his bedroom, Steve only steps behind, the two of them silent as the implication of what may come (hopefully, the both of them) became less and less of fantasy and more of reality. He does his best to ignore his inner preteen, who hoots and hollers in triumph, their mutual dream of finally getting to bone Captain
He feels entirely selfish now that he’s thought of it. He’s sought enough pleasure for himself but not enough for Steve, he’s realizing—no wonder Steve’s mad at him. No wonder they may break up (if they can even do that); Steve’s finally realized what a selfish being he’s gotten himself involved with, finally realized that he can do entirely better than Tony and his baggage and his inability to keep a good thing going, and that’s good for Steve, he tells himself, good that Steve now knows he can do better, even though it rips his heart to shreds to try and imagine Steve with anyone else but him.
(Steve’s not too sure he believes them, but he does it anyways.)
“So do it later,” Peter laughs, “Play more Mario Kart with me!”
“You’re an idiot, Rogers,” Clint says with a roll of his eyes, “An embarrassment to us all.”
It’s Gaelic, and Steve knows the meaning behind every word. His Ma had made sure to teach him before he’d even really learned English, and he’d never gotten to practice with anyone but her. He’d taught Bucky a few words, but he’d only gotten passable enough to catch the gist of when Steve was insulting him, and he’s never taught anyone else, even if Dum-Dum did ask persistently about it. He hasn’t even spoken a lick of it since the war, it means far too much of a life that’s getting further and further from his grasp every passing day.
THIS IS MY FIRST SERIES AND IT'S MY PRECIOUS BABY AND YOU ALL LIKE IT AND I NEED TO FINISH THE PETER FIC SOON BC I'M GONNA NEED SOMETHING TO UPLOAD WHEN THIS GUY IS DONE WHICH SHOULDN'T BE FOR ANOTHER FEW WEEKS BUT IT ALL DEPENDS ON HOW QUICKLY MY STORIES HIT THEIR VIEW MILESTONES FOR UPLOADS WHICH MEANS Y'ALL SHOULD SPREAD THE WORD
Tony’s smile turns anxious with the drop of a hat, and he looks at him with something akin to agony in his eyes.
Steve nods dumbly. “Right. Of course. A lot happened.”
There was a good few months where Steve hadn't talked to Clint other than the professional; stubbornness, guilt and indignant anger refusing to allow himself to be friends with Clint in the wake of the ultimatum he'd delivered, which did hurt more than he's willing to admit but he also can't deny how right Clint was in everything he said that day. In fact, they're still not wholly back on the track to being the friends they were before: Clint sometimes eyes him with an air of distrust whenever he gets apparently too close to Tony for his liking, and Steve can't shake the idea that Clint would rather put an arrow through his eye than let him continue to hurt Tony with a secret that Clint himself can't really grasp the enormity of. Steve understands where Clint's coming from with his anger; Nat's explained more than enough the kind of borderline destructive relationship he used to share with his older brother Barney and the emptiness that was left in his late brother's wake, affection and care reserved entirely for Barney becoming the property of one unsuspecting Tony Stark. Steve
,” he says, and Steve has to withhold the wince he feels because, while he’s finally officially left the realm of ‘Mr. Rogers,’ he’s only made it to being singularly known as ‘Steve,’ which is a start, admittedly, but not where he wants to be, “Tony loves you so
Steve immediately closes his mouth, his mind stuttering a step before rushing to understand what Tony’s just said, because that can’t be right—if this is Peter’s family, right here in Queens with Peter, then how could it be possible that Peter’s in the system? How can they not have found each other by now? But then Steve remembers—Parker’s a common last name. And this is not a small city. It’s not a village or a town. It’s practically its own little planet, made up of five distinct and vast microcosms filled to the brim with such a variety of people that anyone can get lost.
Peter tries to convince him otherwise, but Steve knows better than to let his hope get the better of him. Just because he’s dodged this bullet—just because he hasn’t lost Tony this time—it doesn’t mean to say he’s completely out of the dark yet. He doesn’t want to run the risk of losing Tony, especially now he’s found himself this close to risk flourishing into actuality, and so his mind’s already made up; his resolve iron-clad. He’s not going to pursue Tony. He can’t do it. If he does, he’ll lose him forever, and it’ll leave Peter without his own father, and he just
Tony shakes his head. “Steve would just tell me,” he says with conviction, knowing every word as he says them to be true, “He’s not that kind of guy.”
But he’s singing it now, no longer bothering with the pretense of humming, the words escaping his lips for the first time in over seventy years and he’s fine with sharing it as long as it’s with Tony, because knowing it’s Tony makes it feel like less of a secret needing keeping. Knowing it’s Tony makes him feel like he’s not too far displaced out of time—like he belongs here, with the team, with Tony—and it makes him feel like he belongs here, in this Tower, defending the world amongst some of the best group of individuals he’d ever been blessed enough to meet.
Steve snorts, but does definitely blush. “Believe what you want,” he says, ears burning bright red as he has to remember his breathing exercises before he can think about grabbing the glass jar of homemade marinara sauce from an Italian deli in Brooklyn, “But I personally think you’re reading into it a little bit.”
Clint laughs again, and blames their interest on his priest-like celibacy. Steve can’t help but laugh at that one.
me, even.”
Steve blushes slightly. “Sorry,” he responds with a soft chuckle, rubbing the back of his neck, “I was caught up in what I was doing.
, it’s wrong, it’s selfish, and it makes his hope blossom hard, and fear rise heavy in his throat, and his mind scream at him to
“Only business,” Steve adds.
Steve wishes to echo the question himself.
He tries to think of something that he could’ve done to make Steve so unhappy in the past month or so they’ve been ‘together’, if you could really call it together when they haven’t gone out on any dates, really; they mostly spend their time watching movies with Peter, doing homework with Peter, playing video games with Peter, supporting Peter and occasionally making out on the sofa when Peter’s asleep or otherwise absent (not as often as he’d like, but Peter’s happiness comes way before his own)—is it maybe because it’s been six weeks and they haven’t had sex? Steve doesn’t strike him as the kind of person to get annoyed or even mad at something like that, but neither did Pepper, and it did get to her to a degree, but it’s not something he actively thinks about anymore—he’s not exactly in the prime of his youth, and he’s definitely not in a frame of mind anymore where sex makes the connection. He connects with Steve in different ways, ways that satisfy him enough—but what about Steve? Steve may be older, but physically, he’s young, and isn’t that what all young people want nowadays—sex?
“Peter—” Steve starts.
“Such a lie,” he says as the other three party members make their way back over to the couch, Nat holding the tres leches cake she had delivered when Clint first prosed the idea to her earlier that day, Bruce and Clint obviously on fork and plate duties. Tony croons in reaction, excited because, evidently, while he’s not a big sweets person, tres leches is the one real allowance he’ll make without social cues dictating he does, and it’s not too long until Tony is curled up on the other end of the couch with a honking slice on his plate, eyes glued on the corny mess that is
And it’s completely not fair, how beautiful he finds Tony to be in this moment despite himself, from the way the lights of the city stream through the window to hit the left side of his face the way it is, the five-plus day’s growth on his goatee giving him a humbling appearance, the way his mouth contorts as he continues with his statement,
Steve’s shaking his head before Tony even finishes the statement, but Tony’s already arguing with him—because how dare Steve say that he doesn’t need Tony? How dare he think that he can just admit something as deep as love, actual love, and not expect a soul to reciprocate, especially the objects of his love? How dare Steve ever stipulate that Tony didn’t need him like he needs air to breathe?  How dare Steve actually have the gall to think that Tony can’t love him, too?
it, and it’s as terrifying as it is thrilling. No one’s ever looked at him like this before in his life, not the way Steve does, with so much adoration and reverence, and in that moment, Tony’s not sure if there’s actually a world beyond this oversized bed now, with his two most treasured people close.
“I’m not on the brink of death,” Tony informs the boy as he shoves a fifty-dollar bill (the smallest he had in his wallet) into Peter’s hand so he can afford lunch, “So I don’t see a reason to miss out. Now scram, you motherless bastard.”
of seeing
“Literally everyone,” says Peter, ignoring Steve before adding with a shrug, “’Cept for Tony, but he’s kind of oblivious with things like this, so it’s forgivable. But it’s almost kinda funny, though, Mr. Rogers, because you do
“I’ll have you know that I’m nothing but sheer perfection when I pout,” Tony says, “The embodiment of America’s truest sexual desires.”
He looks concerned. “Do you want to do this tomorrow? You look out of it.”
Steve can’t help but laugh. There was a time in their relationship when Peter couldn’t even make eye contact with any one of them, least of all Steve, out of shyness and reservation and the slightest bit of hero-worship, but that was pretty much entirely eradicated probably the first time he saw Clint naked (the archer tended to treat the entirety of the tower like his house, other than the singular floor he was gifted, so it wasn’t exactly unheard of to spot a nude Clint just sitting on the couch eating a bowl of strawberries, for example). Seeing them in their natural habitat tended to humble the opinions of people, Steve could expect.
Tony frowns just a bit. Maybe in a time long past (before he gave up the bottle, and probably before the bottle stopped having an actual effect on Steve) it would be a possibility, but it's not something he finds a comfort in thinking about, so as quickly as it comes to mind, he shrugs it back off.
, because this isn’t something Peter needs to see or hear, it’s not
Steve grits his teeth. Of
“You’re a fucking
“Tony?” Steve says carefully.
Instead, he watches the buildings as they pass them by, internally glad for the tinted windows that mask their identities, because every so often they’ll pass a vendor selling footage of what’s known amongst the entirety of New York as a whole as simply “The Incident”, or a stall selling little plastic Frisbees with the star of his shield or the arc reactor in Tony’s chest printed on the face, or a child running around with green Hulk gloves on, or with Thor’s helmet on their head, or with a tell-tale purple bow in their grasp. Going outside in his native city has become a luxury in this day and age, following the Chitauri invasion, as his identity is not the secret he wishes it could be. He doesn’t mind too much; he’s happy that he’s given people something to look up to in such a time—but he’d also like to be able go outside without being asked for an autograph.
Steve frowns now, just a bit. “Being stressed about something isn’t stupid.”
Steve’s brow wrinkled. “The internet doesn’t say all that.”
The weight of the truth bears down on the unknowing innocent.
Tony’s back on Sunday morning. He knows because Peter accidentally and literally runs over him on his way out the apartment, stepping hard on Steve’s abdomen. It doesn’t hurt, but it definitely wakes him up. It’s about four-thirty in the morning and only really a half-hour off from the time that he usually wakes, so he gets up, finally deflates the mattress for the first time the whole week and gets out of the tower for his run before the rest of Manhattan really wakes up, before he can be asked for any sort of photos or autographs or the like. He runs down to Central Park, loops around the entirety of it about five or six times before he breaks a sweat. By then, the homeless are beginning to wake up as life breathes back through the city’s inhabitants. He stops running somewhere after seven and decides to head back.
Tony around and tweeting his every move. If it weren’t for the fact that Tony’s proven time and time again that he’s not exactly a damsel in distress, Steve would be a bit more worried.
Steve’s response is just as quiet: “It would be, for me. If I were in Peter’s position.”
It’s a responsibility if there ever was one, and Steve can’t even fathom how it even begins to affect Tony. Fatherhood is a stress in and of itself; adoption another entirely its own. How Tony even manages to maintain even the very semblance of stability is far beyond the scope of Steve’s meager understandings of the situation. How Tony can continue to push forwards despite all around him trying to keep him back just astounds Steve.
“But on a serious note, thanks for keeping an eye on my little shitbag,” Tony says, still chipper, “I appreciate you making sure that my favorite little guy is still alive and breathing, and, as an additive bonus, all in one piece, too.”
Steve swallows dryly. “Tony didn’t do anything to me, Peter. Not intentionally.”
But, honestly—is he really his? It’s a question he hadn’t even realized he’s been pondering all this time; a question he already has the answer for, because,
, Tony,” he hisses before he dives back in.
’s,” Tony reminds him.
So Steve doesn’t try to explain himself after a while. He allows Peter to stew in silent anger whilst watching some movie called
Steve croaks, “Y-Yeah.”
attached to it, can’t handle the possibility of seeing
to chance leaving Peter alone?” he asks.
, are blood, but they have practically no other united factor besides their biological relation, whereas Peter and Tony’s relationship, which is admittedly younger, has more of a standing ground, and that’s what he believes will matter to Peter. He can see why Tony may worry, and he’s not unjustified—Steve knows that it could very well just fall apart—but he just doesn’t believe it’s likely that Peter will give up the father he knows Tony to be for a family he doesn’t even know.
got Steve to do it, after all—what’s not to be proud of?
to pretend that you care about him more than you do and have the gall to give him advice on the right thing to do when you spend every day not doing it yourself,” Clint responds, his fists clenched tight, as if he’s thinking about taking a swing at him, which Steve knows he actually is, “You have this belief that you’re justified in everything you do, and it’s shitty, it’s absolutely shitty.”
Pepper goes missing from their watch none too longer after he makes contact with Clint, which almost drives Steve out into the fray, but the moment he thinks about it, Peter pops into his mind almost instantly, reminding him that he has another responsibility other than to his team now. Peter depends him, needs him
Tony frowns, unsure of what he’s getting at.
Tony’s still confused. “Not sure what you’re getting at,” he informs him before asking, worriedly, “Are we breaking up or something?”
Steve frowns. “I don’t think—”
“Which one?” Tony asks, “Iron Jackass or War Machine Badass?” Rhodey doesn’t dignify it with a response—simply narrowed eyes and a dangerously uttered
fucking times last night, allow me this
“Good for Bruce. I want a sandwich, though.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony does his best to keep Peter as far removed from the situation as possible, Steve comes to realize quickly. It’s abundantly clear that there’s not a person Tony cares more for than he cares about Peter, ranking far above everyone else. In fact, Steve’s sure that for Peter, Tony would let the entire world burn if he needs to, which is precisely the reason, Steve figures, he fights even harder to protect it than he had before, because in Tony’s eyes, the world is the only gift worthy enough for Peter.
“JARVIS had a hard time pulling up any results because most of information contained in the files of Peter’s parents are redacted,” Tony informs him, not waiting to see if Steve’s truly up to speed yet, “And then even more because he had literally millions of people to search through. It’s kind of just luck that JARVIS pulled anything.” Tony dips into his pocket, pulling out a folded up piece of paper. “2003, a Benjamin Parker filed Peter as a missing person with the police department. Someone—SHIELD, I’m betting—got that pushed far in the back burner. But not far enough for JARVIS, because he found the documents.” Tony opens the page, revealing the missing person’s flier with a toothy baby boy with eyes far too familiar. “They started looking for Peter before they looked for his father or mother.”
Talking with Bruce makes him feel better. He does all but confirm that he doesn’t know what he’s supposed to do with Tony either, which is great in and of itself because typically, if Rhodey’s not available, Bruce is the next best thing they had to a resident Tony expert. So, if Bruce doesn’t know, then Steve can only figure that even Bruce is only doing the best he can when it comes to dealing with the issues of Tony Stark. It’s a very small solace, admittedly, but it’s what he’s
Most of the free world finds Rogers attractive, Peter. Six-foot-tall blond muscle heads tend to be found alluring.”
“IloveyouIloveyouIloveyouIloveyouIloveyouIloveyou,”
—which is actually a movie he’s seen already, but in an odd twist of opportunity, Peter hasn’t (or just didn’t remember if he had)—focusing his attentions instead upon Peter and not on the drawing he was currently doing of the preteen, capturing the image of Peter’s enraptured face through pencil.
“You knew he was going to ask?” Steve requests curiously, arching a brow.
Peter frowns before ducking his head against his chest. “It’s… nothing,” he mumbles low, playing with the remote still in his hands. A definite change in attitude, and none for the better—something is wrong, Steve can tell.
Steve shakes his head, smiling. “No,” he interrupts gently, “Pull harder. I like it.”
whose teeth gently graze at the sensitive skin of Tony’s sex every time he lifts his head. It’s sheer and utter heaven, it’s only downfall is that Steve’s sucking a bit
Steve’s confused. He’s still thinking about how warm Tony would feel against him. He got to experience a bit of it a couple of days before, but he hadn’t the moment to really consider the feeling.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Why are the people in this tower so interested in my love life?” he grumbles, mostly to himself, but a bit of it is an honest question.
Peter doesn’t spend a lot of time talking for the first two days, and Steve doesn’t exactly blame him, as he’s not entirely sure how to begin a conversation about any of what’s happened, least of all to a child, so he doesn’t push Peter. For the first two days, the two move about in a virtually wordless dance with each other, eating together, watching television together, playing together, but neither daring to converse with the other, and he’s entirely aware that, at his age, he should be pushing Peter to talk through this, but he doesn’t know how to do it when he doesn’t know where Peter is yet, emotionally, through his process of grief, and he doesn’t know how to push him to talk about it all.
Steve’s singing to him again, he’s dimly aware, but he doesn’t want to hear the song; he just wants to scream until his lungs give out, but his voice doesn’t seem to want to work. It’s broken, just like the rest of him is, like he always is, and it’s just his lot in life, isn’t it, to be the one who has to take the beating, who’s not allowed even to keep the solace of his own mother’s death. It’s broken, he’s broken, and he just keeps breaking into smaller and smaller little bits of himself with every breath he dares to take
They don’t talk about what happened that day. Tony obviously doesn’t want to, and Steve doesn’t desire to push him, and so he doesn’t. He gets him fed, talks with him, eventually manages to coerce him into going with him to assure Bruce that the hour and a half he spent dealing with Clint’s rapid-fire chatter isn’t for nothing, but not at any singular point does Steve actually push Tony into talking about it. Steve minds, but he doesn’t allow himself to push Tony, no matter how badly he actually wants to, even if it’s what Tony needs him to do for him.
He didn’t want to be away from Steve, he’s reminded, and he’d laugh if it weren’t so unfunny, so miserable; the cold beginning to seep through the breaks in the armor. He didn’t want to be away from Steve, stubborn Steve, unyielding Steve, righteous Steve, he’s-my-friend Steve, I-can’t-let-you-kill-him Steve, but-I’ll-happily-leave-you-here-to-die Steve, his love Steve, his destruction, Steve. He gave the man more than he ever wanted to give anyone, including Peter, and he just turned around and threw it back to him for the sake of some psychopath. He’d given Steve his trust, his love, shared his life and space with him; given him more than he ever gave even Pepper, and just like practically everyone else he’d ever chosen to give his life to in this way, Steve tossed him aside once something better came along.
“This house belongs to Peter’s aunt and uncle.”
Steve sighs, but he asks him what kind of filling he wants: roast beef, spicy mustard, and melted provolone cheese, apparently, is what Tony desires. And although he’s never been particularly gifted with the amazing skill that Clint apparently possesses in the department of sandwich craft, Steve finds himself making the food item that Tony wants; gliding the mustard-coated knife across the surface of the toasted bread.
He doesn’t shower him with gifts like one would expect, unless the gift was to directly better Peter’s understanding of the world. He wasn’t getting the newest model skateboard he wanted, but he was learning more every day about the workings of circuitry and mechanics and whatever else Tony could see Peter’s interests drifting towards. Peter saw gifts, but Steve can see plainly that the only gift they give is to birth a new understanding to possess of the world—mere supplies to aid in his learning. Tony was never spoiled as a child, and he doesn’t plan to spoil Peter, either. He’s strict, but he’s fair, whenever the social worker allows him to spend nights at the tower. Curfew until 7 PM, giving him ample time to spend studying at school before coming over. No bedtime—Peter’s the kind of kid who can’t stay up past ten anyways. Homework always needs to be done before watching TV, or working on any old electronics. He’s got to brush his teeth before going to bed. Got to make his bed when he gets out of it in the morning.
“God, Tony,” Steve complains, rubbing his burning cheeks with his oversized hands, “I don’t
He’s more than aware he’s going to some extraneous lengths to avoid a preteen whose body weight he outclasses tenfold, but that’s just how Steve is. He’s great with tackling a problem for the greater good, but personal problems just throw him through a ringer and suddenly he’s the skinny asthmatic twig he used to be, running away from his emotions and trying to seem stronger than he is.
There are arms wrapped around him, arms that he’s sure are Steve’s, and he struggles against them blindly, not wanting to infect the goodness that is Steve Rogers with the plague he somehow internally manifests. He doesn’t want to touch Steve and ruin him. He doesn’t want to touch Steve and destroy him. He deserves better. He deserves far more than some broken little man like Tony. He deserves someone with light in their heart and belief in their soul, and Tony has neither. All he has is a dumb, misplaced sense of hope that consistently lets him down and reminds him just what kind of life he’s been living, what kind of life he will always be living. He’s been living a dream. A fantasy. The time has come, apparently, for him to wake the hell up—to face his reality. He’s as weak a man now as he was in the December of 1991. He’s a man incapable of protecting the ones he loves—his mother, his father, Anna, Jarvis, Aunt Peggy, Yinsen, Obie, Pepper—and it’s not a list he wants to add another name to, because he can’t bear to see the name
“I didn’t, either,” Steve says with a chuckle, holding out his hand for Peter to shake (which he does—vigorously), “And I told you that Steve’s okay.”
That’s what he thinks, anyways. What he so desperately believes. What so heartbreakingly gets ripped from him a little over three years later in a deserted Hydra chamber deep in Siberia, watching Steve take the side of his mother’s murderer, his eyes regretful but not remorseful as he tosses the shield down at Tony’s feet before turning his back to him, wrapping his arms around the man who killed his parents all those years ago, leaving Tony alone in the cold, his suit in tatters.
“You say that as if you’re actually in control of when I go to sleep,” Peter points out. Steve would admit it, he’s more than a bit lenient when it comes to set times for sleep—but that’s only because usually Peter passes out somewhere before ten o’clock regardless; he hasn’t really felt the need to set strict times on the boy.
Peter stares at him for a second before he shrugs, turning back towards the movie. “I mean, I always get this feeling when you’re around him, but I just wasn’t sure, and Tony’s always encouraging me to ask as many questions as I can until I’m sure about things, so…” Peter bites his lip. “Am I wrong?”
(They’re all far too amused. Especially Rhodey. He prints out one and apparently frames it to sit in his office on-base. Tony lets out a screech of utter
how much of a virgin I’m not,
“Are you a secret vampire, Steve?” Tony asks, eyebrow raised to mask the worry.
Steve doesn’t exactly disagree.
Steve’s eyes widen just a bit. “I didn’t mean to make you anxious,” Steve says, swallowing, “I just…” He looks away now, “I just didn’t know how to bring this up. What I needed to say, I mean. I guess.” Tony frowns. He’s not sure why Steve looks so nervous, but he knows that it can’t be good.
Peter sighs before shaking his head. “Mr. Rogers,” he says slowly, “With all due respect, you and Tony are
“I mean, I’m not saying you have to have this conversation with
because the world’s just against him and he can’t understand why everything has managed to turn out this way.
Steve knows the way, by now, to Peter’s school and group home alike, so he’s understandably a bit confused when Tony goes right past the turn that would lead to the neighborhood that Peter currently lives, his jaw visibly tightening.
, Tony,” Steve interrupts him with a sigh, rubbing his face. “Peter was a wreck. This is probably the longest moment I’ve spent without Peter for the better part of a week. What you put him through can’t be ignored, even if it was to keep him safe. It was wrong of you to jump in front of the gun when you don’t even have to take the bullet.”
Steve doesn’t note on that, however.
older than Peter because his body is still convinced he’s only just entering his thirties)—but he’s not upset about it, to be completely honest. When he really, truly thinks about it, he knows he hasn’t really hidden his desires for Tony: he just denied them, for his own sake, for fear that admitting he’s in love with Tony would cement the inevitability of losing him.
, and Steve can hear it, but in this moment, he’s not of the mind to let it stop him in the least, because Steve’s too furious, frankly, because he loves Tony, he loves Tony so fucking much it hurts, and Tony’s gone and gotten himself targeted by a fucking terrorist and put himself in this situation and
Tony rolls his eyes. “You couldn’t kill him if you tried,” he reminds him.
“Steve, you’ve been here months,” Tony says finally, “Not even a picture? You make a crapton of them, after all.”
. It can wait.”
Steve blushes, though with his dilated pupils, the embarrassment can’t outshine his hunger, not bothering to respond with words as he presses a forceful, sloppy kiss against Tony’s mouth, saliva dripping down their chins as his tongue forces its way into Tony’s more-than-accepting mouth, letting Steve press him back into the pillows as he stretches out his body atop of his own, the feel of the scratchy line of pubic hair pressing against his own stomach making him tremble in anticipation. He opens up his legs for him, allowing the soft cloth of sweatpants to press against his naked, aching cock, wrenching a groan from him. His fingers find their way back into Steve’s hair as the man attacks his collarbone, nipping and licking and kissing and sucking at the skin into flowering bruises, Steve’s hands pressing down on his hips, a tacky string of pre-cum connecting the head of his cock to Steve’s hard abdomen, and he’d be embarrassed if it weren’t for the fact that he’s kind of turned on by the denial, letting out a whine that’s equal parts for show as it is for actual frustration.
on there, can’t fathom the prospect of seeing
And, he’ll be honest, it’s a little bit unnerving, this growing desire he’s come to have, to make the boy happy. He knows that he probably shouldn’t feel so strongly about a kid that isn’t even his own, and so he doesn’t think about it if he doesn’t have to, it makes things much easier because there’s absolutely no way—
He shoves at Steve as hard as he can and begs him to let go.
“The internet doesn’t know Tony as well as it thinks it does,” Bruce reminds him with a more than slightly sardonic smirk, “As much as it wishes to.” He visibly tightens something, and he straightens slightly, looking more than slightly pleased with himself before looking over at Steve contemplatively. “I didn’t tell you how impressed I am with how you handled things Tuesday. You did really well, Steve.”
Tony meets him halfway, and Steve knows that he may not have the most experiences in kissing, but he knows that this kiss blows any others he’s ever had out of the goddamn water and, in fact, if it’s the last kiss he’d ever have before he died, then he’d have died a happy man, but then Tony tilts his head just a
“When Dad comes back, are you gonna follow through?” Peter asks one night before elaborating, “Are you two going to be together?”
Around two AM, quietly, Peter asks him not to leave him.
Steve’s not even really aware of his movement, but somehow, someway, he’s wrapping his arms around Tony’s torso, lifting him into more upright position and pinning Tony’s hands tightly to his sides, the only recognition Tony giving to the fact being the whine he gives as he struggles against Steve’s strength, but Steve’s not going to release him no matter how terrible the sound makes him feel, especially when the length of Tony’s arms, from elbow to wrist, are covered in jagged tears from his own nails, red and angry and bloodied, not enough for Tony to bleed out, by any means of the imagination, but enough for Steve to know that this is going to leave a mark on the book that is Tony’s arms.
“Did you just allude to the idea that Barton’s a prude?”
Steve looks up from the status update Clint’s sent him, giving Peter a confused look. It’s the most the boy has said in three days, and Steve’s utterly confused as to where it’s coming from, so Peter takes a breath and specifies,
“Need to take it slow, old-timer?” he snarks.
Peter picking and Peter wants something new.
They wait until Peter passes out, which isn’t hard because Peter’s worked himself into a tizzy about the robot as the competition is within the next few weeks, so when he nearly face-plants into his hot bowl of tikka masala during the team dinner for the fourth time, Tony makes a soft suggestion to the boy that he possibly venture into going off to bed. He argues, but it’s to be expected, Tony figures, because Clint’s promised to show him how to get through Banjo-Kazooie and the old game is one of Peter’s new obsessions, but in the end, he relents, possibly because he’s been nodding off all throughout the dinner, much to the amusement to the entirety of the team, particularly Tony himself, who finds the face Peter makes when he’s about to fall asleep utterly
TELL YA MAMAS
“Honey bear, this is all surface-layer,” Clint responds with a laugh, “You’re so evident that I could cry.”
, it hurts far more than he reckons he should be letting it, and every time he even dares to think of Tony, even for an instance, it just hurts so much
are you even talking about, Steve?” he asks, his eyes alight with fury now as he elaborates, “
movie.
“I would if he would
Tony’s hair is wet, presumably from a shower he must’ve had to talk the boy into allowing him to take none too long ago, a towel strewn across his shoulders loosely. He wears a t-shirt advertising a band called Pink Floyd and a ratty pair of blue sweatpants, stained with engine grease and coffee spills, his feet bare and propped up on the glass coffee table. He cracks his toes occasionally, a gross habit that used to have Steve cringing, and he also does this with the fingers in his free hand, knowing better than to move his left hand from Peter’s overlong locks, which curl around Tony’s fingers, nearly hiding them in their thick depths. Tony’s calm, at ease, a small smile on his lips and tell-tale bags under his eyes which alert Steve to the fact that Tony probably hasn’t slept more than a couple of hours since the video call on Thursday, and would probably refuse to for a while yet.
, and Steve has almost no time to process it before he screams Tony’s name into the receiver, ordering him to grab Pepper and get down, watching in horror for the barest moment when the rocket is fired before he drops the phone and dives for Peter, wrapping his arms around the boy and turning him bodily away from the televisions, putting himself between the screens, because the last thing Peter needs to see is this. Peter screams, hitting his arms, but it’s more out of agony than of anger, because despite the fact that he can’t see it, he knows what’s about to happen, what’s happening, because they hear the sound of the resulting explosion before one of the other heroes manage to mute the sound of the televisions, and with his enhanced hearing, Steve can hear the phone cut abruptly short, and Steve has to force himself not to collapse right then and there, because the pain he feels is
Clint continues to speak, he’s sure of it, but he’s not listening so much anymore. Clint’s not going to see his side any time soon, and it’s not exactly like Clint’s wrong, either—because as confident as he is in that Peter’s not going to hate Tony after finding out about the Parkers, he’s terrified that Tony’s going to hate him if he told him who killed his parents. He’s too busy thinking about how destroyed Tony would be if he were to ever find out what happened, about how it happened—about who had made it happen—and how he knows he should tell Tony, knows that Tony needs to know regardless of how much it might hurt him because Tony has a right to know, but he also knows that if he does, he won’t be able to handle the backlash that will result, because Tony will want to know about how he knows, about how long he’s known, and he’ll come to realize just how intrinsically selfish Steve really is, and he’ll
THANK YOU ALL SOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOSOOOOO MUCH FOR
“Is he there?” Steve asks.
“Not right here,” Steve interrupts, “I don’t want to wake Peter if I start screaming.”
He’s not sure when he started to, but he is, he’s humming a song, a song he remembers in its entirety despite not having heard it since he was fifteen years old—the very last time he can remember it being when he was down with the worst case of pneumonia he’d ever had, feeling her hand carding through sweaty, sticky hair and her cheek against his forehead. He can’t really hear all too well, the infection’s so bad that his ears feel like they’re being ripped apart from the inside, but he can feel the vibrations of her voice against his skin as she sings that familiar melody.
,” Peter snaps back, defensive, “Just curious.”
?) operatives within SHIELD, killed for knowing far more than what Hydra was comfortable knowing, as far as Steve knows, his mother but mere collateral damage. The accident wasn’t as so much an accident as it was an execution, done on that deserted road from the city back to their estate to minimize witnesses. According to Steve, Howard was on his way home with valuable information that Hydra had been meaning to attain, and so, they took the time to strike—take out Howard Stark and gain the information they wanted. He was supposed to be alone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter shouts Tony’s name as he drops his beat-up yellow toolbox, which has nothing on the top-grade one that he never lets leave his bedroom at the Tower, wrapping his arms around the engineer when he’s close enough to, his forehead resting against the glowing circle that is Tony’s arc reactor when Tony returns the embrace. It’s taken Tony a while to build up to this point of being able to return Peter’s hugs without a second thought, and even still sometimes he slips, but it’s always so gentle, like he’s afraid that by touching Peter he’s going to hurt him, and it’s so painfully beautiful, always, that Steve has more than a few sketches dedicated to capturing the moment. Peter’s hair is short, but it’s growing into a mess already, designating that the time for a trip to the barber encroaches, and Tony will complain about it later, but for this moment he’s more than happy to bury his face in the mess.
good things. It’s simple to him; black and white, and he believes he deserves him less and less every passing day.
-THE BOOKMARKS
, and Tony’s got no idea of what he’s doing to Steve, or at least doesn’t care, because he comes closer, repeating it like a mantra,
Steve rolls his eyes. “You
“We bug Tony’s cars,” Natasha spoke up, speaking as if it’s not a major invasion of privacy, “We heard everything.”
Tony frowns. “Do you not want to come to bed with me?” he asks.
“Besides the point,” Rhodey sighs, “I don’t think Steve’s the kind to let something like that get to him. All he said was that he wanted to talk, right? It doesn’t necessarily mean anything’s wrong.”
[It’s worth mentioning that, for all the acts of terror Steve’s laid upon Tony’s character through the five games, not once did either of them even try to get to first place; it’s an unspoken agreement that first is for Peter, who’s so busy laughing that he doesn’t even notice that neither man is trying to actually win the races.]
(PG-13, however, is his maximum. There’s certain things a kid of Peter’s age just doesn’t need to see.)
, because Peter’s crying so hard right now, the tears turning to ice upon his cheeks, “You should’ve had
Steve doesn’t let Tony know that it stings a bit. “Romanov was with me.”
,” he damn near whispers, his voice breaking up at the end, and he’s suddenly all too aware that he’s got eyes on him, but he forces himself to ignore it; it won’t do himself or Tony a lick of good if he lets it get to his head, because he’s got far more too worry about now.
It’s only twenty percent a joke, but Steve laughs anyways. He doesn’t give Tony enough time to relish in the sound, though, because he dives right back to Tony’s dick and it’s so sudden that Tony’s nearly
TELL THE LITTLE OLD LADY WHO LIVES IN YA BUILDING AND KEEPS CALLING YA SUSAN ALTHOUGH YA NAME IS NOWHERE NEAR SUSAN BUT IT'S OKAY BECAUSE SHE'S ADORBS AND GIVES YA DA BOMB CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
” He sounds angry when he responds, which makes Tony flinch, so when he speaks next, he’s audibly trying to sound calmer. “I was doing the same thing to you, Tony, don’t you see that? I was doing the
“He’s just a super soldier, Tones,” Rhodey argues, as if
Clint’s reading through the messages when Steve gets back from dropping Peter off at school (a ride during which the boy makes no mention to last night’s hiccup and simply asks if they can make pizza tonight, which means Steve’s armed to the gills with the groceries necessary to make a multitude of it), feet propped up on the arm of Steve’s sofa as he lays on the air mattress that Steve has yet to deflate. Steve rolls his eyes in response, though he knows he’s actively fighting the need to blush, carrying the bags over to his decently sized open-space kitchen in order to sort them into their proper homes. Apples into the bowls, crumble mixture into the cupboard, flour bag opened and contents dumped into an easy-use container—Steve’s highly domesticated. His Ma would be proud.
“Only by accident,” wiping hard at his cheeks to rid himself of his frozen tears, his body trembling from the cold that seeps past the insulation, glaring at Tony half-heartedly with those beautiful eyes of his, “You can’t do this to me, Dad.”
Natasha’s quiet, but that’s not an issue because Clint seems to be more than willing to do the talking, as is apparent when he says, “Oh, nothing much—wanted your views about global warming, how the NASDAQ is fairing, how much of a fucking hypocrite you are—you know, small talk.”
And, to be honest, it’s probably why Steve falls so hard for Tony.
“I don’t see how. You love Dad,” Peter says, “And Dad loves you, too.”
It’s not the case, Steve tells him, unwitting of the turmoil Tony’s suffering. Howard was targeted by Hydra after digging too far into the pasts of his (
Finally, Tony opens up - and Steve does the best he can to help.
Steve knows that the last thing he should do is entertain Peter on this topic, knows that allowing Peter to continue this like he’s got a shot of getting close to convincing Steve to go out with his father, but there’s a scarily strong part of Steve to closely interwoven with the thin remainders of his sense of hope that doesn’t allow him to outright rebuke Peter and his pestering on the topic. Steve wants nothing more than to make this stop—and if it’s for the sake of Tony or himself, he’s truly not sure—but he just can’t end it either, out of an innate selfishness that he’s never quite managed to outgrow.
Steve’s smile grows.
Tony frowns. “We are,” he argues, “We always are.”
It's nothing short of a miracle that they do manage to reach Pepper, who Steve can only assume even answered in the first place because the ID rang up with Peter’s contact information on display. Pepper is splitting her attentions between them and Tony himself, who apparently is being the epitome of difficulty at the current moment, as from what they can make out from the indecipherable barks Tony’s giving her, he believes that he needs to do this (whatever
“I love you, Steve,” he finishes in a rush of breath, eyes wide, pupils blown out so the blue is but a thin ring of color around the dilated pupil, his fingers twitching and trembling crazily to make up with the lack of touch they’re getting, and Steve’s heart has just about stopped in his chest, because,
“Yeah, but it would’ve been nice to have the
“Queens,” Tony whispers in response.
“I don’t think it’s possible,” is the response he gives, and it’s entirely the truth, even though it hurts like nothing else can. The idea that he’s done something wrong is beginning to rip through him, bit by bit, causing his empty stomach to turn to lead, weighing him down as if he’s got no choice but to hear how much Steve hates him, how much he abhors wanting to be with him, how much he wants to be apart from him, how much he—
“Don’t change the subject to the arbitrary, Rogers,” Clint says as he wags his finger at him, “There’s a real issue we need to talk about, right here.” He holds up the tablet. “You did not honestly tell this man that
“I… I guess I
When Peter finally opens his mouth to speak, Steve’s on the edge of his seat with anticipation.
“I thought you were done with this,” Steve manages to groan, suddenly unable to make eye contact with a person not even a fourth of his (chronological) age, whom, based on the little giggle he lets escape his lips, is more than smug that he’s embarrassed Steve, and Steve has to resist the sudden desire to whine that rises hot up his trachea, because although this a conversation that’s entirely unsanctioned, he is still the adult of the room, and if his Ma’d ever taught him a damned thing, it’s that adults don’t whine—no matter how much said adult didn’t want to have a conversation with a preteen gung-ho about setting Steve up with his adoptive father.
“I don’t who know the Mandarin is,” Steve says when he’s got a clue of what to begin saying, his jaw clenched tight around his words as he grounds them out, “I don’t know what his objectives are. I don’t know where he’s located, where he’s from, or what he’ll do next. I’m as in the dark as the authorities are, and so I can’t speak on anything that has to pertain to the Mandarin’s potential plans. However…” He swallows now, “What I can say is that we will not go to war with the Mandarin.” The crowd begins to rile, but he interrupts, “I got word a few hours ago that Tony Stark is, as far as we know, alive. At least, he survived the initial attack. My team and I are working to gain more of an idea of our next step, but we’re all sure, I can say, that a war will not happen. After all—” He now looks straight at a news camera, which advertises itself to be for Fox News, and continues, allowing just a bit of the anger he feels leak out when he finishes, “—a war is something both sides have a shot at winning.”
Steve stops him right in the nick of time, however, placing one heavy hand atop his to keep it from moving, pressing it flat against the fabric of Tony’s all-too-scratchy t-shirt. He’s forgotten to do laundry again (more aptly, he’s forgotten which button makes the drum spin again), so all he’s got are old shirts from his alma matter and pants that the odor of oil doesn’t seem to desire to leave, and somehow knowing he’s wearing an MIT shirt makes it worse because the semester started
“You won’t hate me?” Steve asks quietly.
Tony, of being forced to lose you. You mean so much to me, even more than what you meant to me just a few weeks ago, and every day the idea of you getting hurt because of
doing something wrong.” Tony’s breath nearly stops dead in his chest, but before his anxiety can take over, Rhodey continues, “You have too romanticized an ideal about Steve and the way he handles things. You have this idea that Steve’s damn near infallibly perfect, and it’s unrealistic. You’d rather blame yourself than blame Steve, and that is something you two need to discuss.” He gives Tony a look. “I’ve told you this back when you were dating that stupid pedophilic meathead back in college and I’ll tell you again: relationships are a two-way street, Tones, and both parties are fully capable of creating a wrong; it’s not entirely the burden of yours to carry. You and Steve need to work on your communication skills with each other, because you’re in the same chapter, but definitely not on the same page.”
,” he gasps out, watching Steve tilt his head back and laugh, pushing off the edge of the unnecessarily large bathtub that Pepper had insisted she had as penance for her troubles, wrapping his arms around Tony’s trim waist and burrowing his face into Tony’s neck. Tony feels the cheeky grin that arises when he pretends to struggle against Steve’s hold, which is more for show than anything else, really, because while Steve’s got that whole inhumanly enhanced strength thing going for him, the hold is so loose that Tony doesn’t have to put in any effort at all, really, to get away.
Pepper pauses, and then hisses, “Steve, he’s not—”
“You followed me?” he asks, or at least tries to, his vocal chords don’t seem to want to work right and all that escapes is ‘oo fommod eeh?’ which is, in Peter’s eyes, close enough an approximation, because he responds,
Tony’s brows furrowed. “You mean if you loved me?”
“And of shit, too, apparently,” Steve responds instantly, crossing his arms and leaning forwards. He doesn’t curse too much, so he’s unsurprised when Tony’s eyes widen in response to it; he merely arches a brow at the man and demands to know what’s wrong, because the last thing he wants to witness is another panic attack.
. I know worse words than what Barton’s said all year.”
Steve doesn’t let himself think about how the sentence just goes straight to the perverse, because after all, he wasn’t the saint that the American people have somehow conjured the belief of him being. Instead, he looks up at Tony, whom waggles his eyebrows in a quiet brag, but Steve suddenly can’t continue the banter, because Tony looks so utterly exhausted and nervous that Steve’s nearly instantly worried. The grin’s sincere, but it’s not quite reaching his eyes, and the man can’t stop fidgeting in his seat, and every so often he’ll flick a gaze over towards the clock Steve knows to be behind his head despite the fact that he’s already wearing a watch.
“Very much so,” whispers Steve, moving in closer so that his face is only mere inches away, “So don’t be surprised if he forces you to stay in bed all day today. You were running a temperature, of all things. He was going to Vaporub you within an inch of your life for being a tad bit warm.”
“Oh, yes, definitely. We’re not people with time for anything less.” He takes a sip of his own drink—one of those ugly green drinks he’s got all the time, sitting back and allowing the seat to support his body weight, looking up at the peach-hued sky of the light-polluted city, shaking his head as the last of his laughter left his body. Steve misses the days that one could look towards the skies of this city and see the stars, but if he’s being honest, he’d give them up a thousand times over as long as he gets to see this look of wonder in Tony’s eyes as he looks up at the lights reflecting off of the sky above.
They’re all a bit stressed, not just him and Peter, which is why he can’t really help the smile that arises when Clint gives his whole-hearted support for Steve’s statement for the press when he makes contact later that day, because Clint’s been terse these past few days and nothing anyone’s been able to say has managed to calm him (because Tony’s pretty much the closest thing he’s gotten to regaining a brother, he’s told him once after a flurry of drinks), and it means so much that Clint’s able to be positive even for a moment, and Steve can’t help but wish he’s had more time to think about it, between Peter and the press and finding Tony, but he hasn’t, and it’s downright terrible of him, he knows, but right now all he can do is just be glad that Clint’s not feeling like he wants to put an arrow through the Mandarin’s skull.
his, and it’s not because Steve doesn’t want him to be—it’s because it’s not safe for Tony to be. He’s lost a lot of people—his pops, his Ma, Howard, Jim, Gabe, Monty, Jacques, Dum-Dum, Erskine, Phillips, Peggy,
already—so there’s not a set good way to approach this issue.” Finally with his wanted screwdriver in hand (and Steve’s face aflame with embarrassment for being unable to find the screwdriver the first time around) Bruce sets back to work, smiling the slightest in amusement as he shakes his head.
right now, with Steve’s hand massaging his balls and Steve’s mouth working his shaft, and he has to close his eyes because if he has to see that
Steve’s grinning when he says, “I love how he’s still at an age to put on his clothes wrong when he’s rushing.”
“And do you not think he feels the same way?” Rhodey asks, brow furrowing. The image freezes for the barest of an instant, and Tony feels inclined to remind the other that if he’d taken the Starkphone he’s been offering, he wouldn’t have to deal with the crap connectivity he’s experiencing. Rhodey simply rolls his eyes and reiterates his question.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony doesn’t speak still, but he responds, shaking his head.
“Da’z ore faddar,” Tony chastises.
for Tony—he
“Not soon enough,” Bruce responds.
“I’m good,” Steve informs him with a laugh, meanwhile, in the background of his attentions, Bruce gives up, making his way over towards Natasha and plopping down in front of her in a wordless demand to undo what she’s done, which she’s more than happy to comply with, content smile in place as she continues her drinking contest with Clint, but in front of him, Tony laughs with him, smiling brightly at him, happiness infectious, and it’s suddenly taking a bit too much of Steve’s self-control not to burrow his face into Tony’s neck.
“Natasha and Barton are preparing to fly out,” Steve informs her, “For now, just get him out of there.”
Steve winces. It’s not too often that Peter refers to Tony as
Steve wants to say.
and he just wants right now to
?” in a voice that’s not as angry as Tony would like it to seem—it’s all parts, however,
Okay. So. I haven't forgotten about this story (not by a long shot). I have this thing, a view-quota for my stories to hit to constitute an update, and since all of my stories were teetering around that x99 mark, I was waiting for one of them to push past the mark to hit another significant digit - which this one did, reaching just over a 1000 views THIS MORNING, and I've been so excited to post this all day though I'm sure y'all gonna hate it.
It takes a while for them to regain their sense of order, lying side by side in the ruined remains of Tony’s sheets, covered with new rips and tears that the man is
Steve looks at him with a concerning amount of fear in his eyes, or at least Tony
No, he doesn’t want to get away from Steve, he thinks, turning in Steve’s arms to wrap his own around the man’s waist (he’d put them around his shoulders, but he’d have to go on tip-toe and there’s no way in
Steve doesn’t want to lock down the floor; he’s sure the others worry about Tony and want to help him through this, but he gets it, why Bruce locks it down—it’s one thing to see this through a live feed, but it’s entirely worse to see it in person. If it weren’t for his current state, Steve would be currently sobbing in pain as he watches Tony suffer in such a way. As it stands, the tears are escaping Steve’s eyes, but he doesn’t allow himself the moment of self-pity.
A soft chuckle to his right alerts him to the presence that Peter made him so easily forget. Steve’s wide awake, and from the looks of things, he has been so for a while, watching the two of them with an almost terrifying fondness. Steve looks at them as if they’re his entire world, and it’s a scary responsibility he instantly feels, his breath catching in his throat.
“I’m gonna tell him after you leave,” Tony says after a few moments of silence, still smiling though it looks a bit pained due to his words, “Maybe let him beat you a few more times in Mario Kart, if you’re up for having your ass handed to you by a preteen.”
Clint shrugs. “He asked Nat an’ me a couple of days ago. Asked us for advice,” he says in way of answering indirectly, “We didn’t exactly convince him to the contrary.”
, he considers—it’d just be weird.
As for Peter's last remarks, please remember that Peter is a teenager, a teenager who is forced to go through such an ordeal with no kindnesses upon him. How else must he feel, in the heat of the moment? I have been angry with my own parents, sworn to hate them, and then go back to loving them the very next day. We all have. And, while this may be an extreme, admittedly, it is still this reaction."
,” he groans out, “
Which is why, the moment Clint lands eyes on Tony about week or two after the panic attack and he’s grinning ear to ear without a Peter in sight, he immediately declares the night to be Mexican Madness Medley Monday (M to the Fourth, it’s officially dubbed later), breaks out the tequila, cues up shitty horror movies and forces Bruce to help him make what he deems to be ‘necessary’ foods for the night ahead—nachos, taquitos, chimichangas, burritos, empanadas, namely—and has everyone take a shot (everyone except Tony and Bruce, the former because he’s a recovering alcoholic and the latter because drinking hard liquor wasn’t exactly an idea he encouraged, what with his constant tagalong) to get the night rolling.
because of an accident.
do it; he can’t live with the pain it’ll bring to him, can’t fathom shouldering the weight of the pain that’ll befall others, because it’ll be
Not all those in love agree all the time. Not all those in love can move immediately pass such a big divisor, and I've made it a point to not only to stay as true as possible to canon, but as true as possible to reality. I do not push the idea of a storybook romance and I do not try to; my goal is to represent love in the real world. Neither Steve nor Tony are perfect, and I SO do not think either is in the wrong, which is the problem I have with the movie itself, but as I do try to keep it in canon; I had to write the last part as I believed Tony to feel in that moment. He will be angry, he will not understand. That's simply what he believes, in that moment, and that's all I can portray, because that's how you end the movie. But am I going as far to outright say Steve's in the wrong? No, because I don't believe he is.
Thank you to all that have reviewed (though a lot of it is Steve-bashing after the last story). A small story's going to follow this one before Peter's solo, which I STILL haven't finished because of the same complication but I'm getting there. Hopefully I'll write a few more shorts before Peter's story is uploaded. I might upload the shorts as their own series within this one, and will probably do the same with Peter's story, but we'll see what happens when it comes down to it. I just can't believe it's only been seven months since I started this series ^.^
of miles away when he needs him (which is practically
with.
And because his name is Steve Foot-in-Mouth Rogers, he says, quite innocently,
And, for Tony’s sake, he realizes he can’t act on this love he feels—because that’s the way that he’ll lose him. It’s a painful pill to swallow, but Steve does because he’s a selfish man, at the end of the day, and if this means that the only way he can keep Tony is to never let himself love him the way he wants, then that’s what he was going to do. It isn’t fair, he will admit that—
Tony looks back towards the school. “I’m going to tell Peter about the Parkers,” he says as the door opens, revealing the smiling Peter, who almost immediately begins to run towards them when he spots them, “And I’m going to hope for the goddamn best, I guess.”
It’s always been tough, having his best friend almost always hundreds upon thousands upon damn near
Tony frowns. “What happens next?” he echoes.
Tony’s still quiet. Steve’s not a fan of it.
“Don’t count your chickens yet. You never know when our resident demigod may appear. He does like his spontaneity and his, you know, magical lightning powers and luscious blond locks.”
“Can I just say that I’m glad your words are coming back to you?” Steve says humorlessly. Tony laughs dryly regardless, and Steve’s sure it’s not to appease his feelings. In the corner of his eye, Steve sees Tony rub his right arm, elbow to wrist, drying blood flaking off, and Steve hears himself instructing Tony in a no-nonsense tone to wash and disinfect his arms, because he knows Natasha keeps a stash of peroxide and gauze above the sink in Tony’s bathroom after he ripped open his arm in a tired accident with a number seven drill bit, and Tony laughs again, though this time it’s slightly more heartfelt.
“I know it’s not. It’s not
Steve sits next to him all throughout the dinner, smiling and laughing like nothing’s wrong, and so Tony does his best to follow suit, laughing even though he kind of wants throw up, he’s so nervous and anxious about the idea of having a ‘talk’ with Steve. He’s trembling and sweating and he can’t bring himself to take a bite to eat, which Steve doesn’t seem to notice even with his arm around Tony’s shoulders, warm and heavy and safe and threatening. He’s still convinced that Rhodey’s kind of wrong in a small way, that there’s something he’s done wrong that’s a big deal, and that Steve is just going to leave him for someone more fitting of a person like him: perfect and unbroken like Tony himself isn’t.
, does he feel
“A lot is an understatement,” sighs Tony, his shoulders dropping a bit, “What happened was a storm of Katrina-like proportions—don’t give me that look, you have the power of the internet at your fingertips; I can’t keep guiding you to the answer when we live in the fucking information age and
And it’s sending Steve into a frenzy, glued to his seat as stiff as can be, body tense and screaming in agony as he tries to move, but Steve’s not strong enough, he never has been, and he’s just stuck there like an idiot, staring up at Tony gormlessly as he mentally begs Tony to stop, because he’s ripping him apart, his resolve at the edge of his being, because he’s got to let this go, got to ignore it, for the betterment of them all, and if he does it right, Tony will fade to the background, and if he’s lucky, he’ll take Peter with him, and he won’t have them anymore, but they’ll be safe and alive and it’s all Steve can allow himself to want. Tony’s ruining this, though, moving closer and closer like he’s not aware of what kind of affect he’s having, repeating his declaration of love still,
Steve nods. “You’re right. I can’t say that,” he responds, which knocks Tony off-kilter a bit, “I would do it without a thought a thousand times over, but the difference is that I don’t have people who need me like they need you, Tony, so I can commit the selfish act. You, however, don’t have that luxury.”
It isn’t all too often, thankfully, that Tony is called away for business, but it’s often enough that Clint can identify the pattern with an almost laughable swiftness, already creating for himself a photo album on JARVIS’s system, leaving it open so that all could enjoy the so-called beauty of it all. Within the first week of it being in the system, Tony has already downloaded all of the images. Saved them for later blackmail, he claims, but Steve catches a flash of a little picture of Peter burrowed into a blanket burrito on Captain America’s lap as his phone background and he knows the unspoken truth that Tony’s none too inclined to share.
“He’s not my father,” Peter finally says, decision as heavy in his voice as the hurt is evident, “I’ve only got one.”
—and he especially, undoubtedly, irrevocably, can’t take even the mere
Tony’s quiet for a pause before he gasps out, “W-Wh—Who the
, and Steve feels like the breath’s being just knocked right out of his chest because Tony’s just so
He shoots him a message before he searches online, typing the billionaire’s name in the search engine to yield the response he wants. Gossip mags already have things to say, not all terrible, but not all really that great, either. However, Steve expects to see the bad, and with a sort of terribly practiced ease he finds himself navigating through the gossip to find something akin to a read-out of Tony’s entire day, which creeps him out slightly because it essentially means that someone is actively
Not that he would ever want to, he believes, basking in the warmth of Steve pressed against his back, closing his eyes to store the memory. His memory has gotten better, recently; probably because of Peter, if he’s entirely honest, because that kid grows up so
,” orders Steve, “It’s not your burden. It’s not your fault. So stop taking on the weight of it all for once and let me shoulder the rest. Don’t do it all by yourself.” He holds Tony just a bit tighter as the man begins to be racked by tears, “And please don’t leave me.”
“He’s
Pepper makes a noise and then says something akin to, “Dammit, Steve,” though Steve can’t make it out too well due to the sounds of her jostling with the phone, and the yelling of two people over the phone’s meager speakers, and Steve can’t help the anticipation that knots his stomach more and more with every passing moment until he hears the sarcastic overtones of Tony’s voice humming out the hardly-sincere greeting of a hello, and Steve’s frankly surprised about the utter anger he feels instead of the relief he’d been expecting when he hears Tony’s voice.
“I don’t hang my own art,” Steve replies absent-mindedly. Bucky had tried to convince him to for the longest time back in the day, but he'd never taken to the idea, finding it to be weird.
And so he’s going to deflect, he honestly is going to, but Peter whispers in the most broken voice he’d heard anyone use yet, “I wanna know the truth, Steve,” and suddenly Steve just
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispers to him quietly, “I’m so sorry.”
and realizes that Peter’s right—it’s atrociously bad.)
; this is what he’s earned, the pain of knowing just how powerless he really and truly is.
“Come back to me,” Steve whispers at him.
It’s JARVIS that makes them aware of Tony’s panic attack, and it’s Steve who rushes to him first.
, which is the third movie of the day. He allows Peter to shoot him small glares all throughout dinner, during which they take a break from movie watching to tend to their headaches and their hunger, pizza boxes crafting a makeshift wall between the pair of them. He even willingly allows the ‘accidental’ kick Peter delivers to his ankle while Steve tends to the dishes afterwards.
When they get to the tower, Tony manages to coerce Steve into sticking with them for a bit, so he does; he joins them on Tony's personal floor and challenges Peter to a game of Mario Kart, which he knows he’s not going to win only because he can’t bring himself to actually play his hardest against Peter (he saves his hardest for Bruce, who is scarily good at the game), while Tony watches them, occasionally making commentary about how shit Steve is despite knowing full well that the man isn’t trying, as Steve’s always beaten him, and Steve doesn’t mind at all, because it’s keeping Tony calm and Peter happy. So Steve simply laughs, not minding one bit that his Waluigi (not his favorite, he likes playing as Toad, personally, but he only picks Toad when he actually wants to win) is being completely abused by Peter’s Princess Peach, much to the boy’s sheer delight, if the screams of joy are anything to go off of, flicking glances over at Tony intermittently.
Steve doesn’t realize it now, but he comes to realize later that this is a moment, what he and Tony are sharing right now in the aftermath of his vaguely inappropriate joke; in which the entire parameters of their existing relationship can change entirely, but he’s as unaware of the significance of these few seconds as he is unaware that the feelings he possesses for the other party might run the possibility of being reciprocated, or that the other man might be thinking very similar thoughts, and all that he would need to do is follow what his fantasies are trying to convince him to follow through with, but the idea of doing that just makes him want to
“Doesn’t seem that way,” Peter murmurs under his breath, but Steve—with his super-soldier hearing—he hears it regardless.
, the one he destroyed with a piece of 3-foot steel tube stock his dad had left lying around the workshop while working on another fucking gun.
is something both men laugh heartily about.)
“When you said we, what did you mean?”
Steve can feel the anger rising up again. “So it’s your
Thank you soooooo much to EVERYONE for reading! I hope you've all enjoyed the story as much as I enjoyed writing it! You know, originally, this was SUPPOSED to be the immediate sequel to the first tale; the other story kinda snuck up on me as a plot bunny and happened to be done first :3 but out of the three, despite the terrible, cliched ending I've delivered, this has been probably my absolute FAVORITE to write (especially since the Peter tale is turning out to be a complete and utter BITCH). I've got an epilogue-y type thing already typed out and waiting for editing (ps- it's got badly written porn, EEEEEEEEE) and I'll post it once I've gotten Peter's story done a bit more. Planning on writing a Clint story to explain his characterization fully in this tale (to explain why he's not in the mood for Steve's bullshit) but we'll see what happens! ANYWAYS!
. And what had he done, instead of thanking her and telling her goodbye or even hugging her like she’d wanted?
him? “Every single
“Your doctorates is in engineering and physics, not the medical profession. Hardly the same thing.”
Tony’s eyes go wide, so wide that the man himself is sure they’re going to pop right out of his head. “Fuck,” he whispers softly, “It’s like you’ve seen my dream journal.”
Tony looks doubtful, but he doesn’t question him, looking towards the back of the kid’s head with a fondness for the boy that only a father can possess, and not for the first time, Steve recognizes how far Tony’s come in the past year due to his newfound role in life. He’d been terrified at first, Steve remembers, and as a team they’d been confronted with Tony’s multitude of issues and hang-ups. More than once in the days leading up to the adoption, Steve found himself having to talk Tony through some terrible breakdowns, the man revealing some terrible truths about his mental state to them all. It was a long road, a road that Tony still walked on, and every day Steve still found himself confronted with doubts in him drafted by Tony’s own insecurities; every day doing his best to show Tony as well as he can that his doubts needn’t exist.
my issue.”
just draw a comparison to a
, fuck—right now before I tell our friends, wipe that look off your face,” he ends with a laugh, Steve himself cracking a grin, “Point is, there’s a lot to sort through and I’m too tired to right now, so I’m going to do myself a favor and just go back to bed. I need a rain check on today.”
, Peter, Tony’s got Peter, they’ve got Peter to worry about, Peter’s utterly terrified and worried and
“Movie, Mr. Rogers,” Peter reminds him, “And can we order a pizza tonight? I’m feeling deep-dish.”
Peter’s face is buried into the crook of his neck, so he feels more than sees the drool puddle the boy’s leaving on his collarbone, which isn’t so much gross as it is endearing, which he hopes is just par for the parenting course, his hair tickling at Tony’s jaw and ear. His fingers clench tightly at Tony’s arm and torso, as if he’s trying to hold on for dear life, which he figures isn’t all too inaccurate; his legs on either side of Tony’s thighs, ankles clasped together underneath his shins. He’s wrapped them both up in the old blanket he stole, and if he’s being entirely honest, smelling it kind of hurts because the whole point of him taking it from the old estate was to be able to smell the tobacco and vanilla that seems to be embedded still into its fibers after all these years, now mingling in with the ever-present scent of the cheap orange-scented bargain soap from the dollar store by Peter’s school, a pleasant but annoying scent as it’s a source of frustration for him, because Peter still insists upon using despite the fact that Tony can afford a product that doesn’t give his kid the occasional rash.
Steve looks away, clearly embarrassed and wishing that he could just
Steve swallows dryly. “Are you going to tell Peter?” he asks.
He can’t really quantify the length of time he’s been in love with Steve. He imagines it started with a childhood crush, his father often covering his walls with posters of the hero, trying to get his son to admire the hero as much as he did, which worked to an extent, if Tony’s rampant fantasies at ages twelve to twenty-three of being fucked by Captain America could count as part of Howard’s goal of admiration. For a while, he tried to deny that any part of him was attracted to other men, focusing instead on the equally existent attraction he possessed to the opposite sex; in part a result of the publicity of his past sexual encounters and of the falling-out between him and a college boyfriend who couldn’t handle Tony’s fast lifestyle. Steve’s the first boyfriend (if he’s that) that he’s had in over twenty years, and he loves him more now than he thought he did when he was younger. It’s probably because their connection was that of actuality now, not of fantasy; strengthened by the closeness of their friendship and their shared love for Peter, and so held more resolutely in Tony’s mind.
