Steve flopped back into the cushions and sighed. He could barely keep up with everything. He was in the future, the war was over, there was this madman Tony who liked to remove shirts and cause heart-attacks and apparently had a team…of what, Steve did not know and he wasn’t sure he was ready to know just yet. There was so much in him he thought he might explode.
“Me? No…you’re the one who needs--”
“Furious.” Tony started to nibble up to Steve’s ear, his voice low and his hips started to press against Steve’s own.
"Ah, a war hero." Thano nodded in approval. "A man who was ready to sacrifice his humanity to become an army for his people and, yet, his humanity is still in tact. Astounding."
Picking himself up, he glared daggers at the door as it opened up and Thanos came in. He wielded two blades, one taller than Tony, and tossed the other to the young man. "Your suit's progress is well?"
His thumb brushed over Steve’s lips, refusing to let him speak. “God, I missed you.”
“God, I love it when you curse. You sure you don’t want to me to just rut against you like an animal here?”
Both could instantly see the hearts and money symbols sprout over Josh’s head—he clearly did not care about the threats. Steve was a babbling mess at the possessive display.
“Papa said I can’t have an ice-pop before dinner.”
Tony swallowed thickly. Thanos rarely used his name. It was always son or heir, with occasional Stark. Anthony rarely meant anything good for him.
What in heaven’s name just happened?
“Ooh, now you’re letting me explore a science kink? You are too good to me, mama.”
“An act of good will is what’s necessary. Besides, it’s not like this is my only quick chance at it. Someone is gonna break the treaty again soon enough.” His fingers tapped eagerly on the desk.
For a few breaths, he stared at the empty kitchen, heart in his throat. Nothing out of the ordinary. No sign of an unknown human lurking about. It was just a dirty kitchen.
“Work on what?”
Somehow, though, the thought was disappointing.
The hands holding him were back, one now covering his own smaller one and the other pressed against his hips. Lips were on Steve’s ear and the low voice purred, “You do not have to pull back. I will allow you to touch anything you want.”
“Really? Tell me how.”
“At least you can drink.” Bruce grumbled, envious at the beer in Steve’s hand.
His head snapped to full attention at Steve, his teeth sharp in something that read as excitement. “You’ve heard of me.”
“And yet you’re eating.” Tony noted, leaning against his fist to continue to observe.
“Now that,” Tony rasped, “
There was another kiss on his head, a whisper in a language he did not understand but somehow comprehended as something of “I’ll see you back here soon”, and then with a wisps of smoke, Steve was back in the empty attic.
"Well, yeah, he has done so well that I just keep going back to him. Not many are comfortable with doing anything with me anyway. The healing makes it really difficult. Josh has to tattoo a single line numerous times for it to stick."
“You should’ve gone to bed, baby.” Tony said, his voice sounded almost like he was slurring.
“Not this. I know a lot of this comes from me being pushy.” He crossed his arms over his chest, still fighting the itch to lock his pretty boy up and away from the world, even from his friends. It was selfish, and Tony was doing his best to fight the temptation off but the temptation was there nonetheless.
Steve laughed, “I lived in the barracks for about a year and a half. I’ve
Steve grinned back as his heart flipped. He could handle a week. It would be rough but he handled tougher points in his life with far less cushion.  He shook Tony’s hand eagerly. “Deal.”
Tony just laughed, “You want to spar against Nat? You’re insane…I like it.”
“Yep. We like it, we grab it.”
He quickly pulled it back, cradling it to his chest. It tingled and his heart was pounding. It had felt like fingers, larger than his own, had tenderly pressed against the back of his hand, reaching out, about to grab.
Nothing. The wrong thing. You're exhausting yourself. Just let go and take the happiness you deserve. You deserve it, Tony. Take it. It's fine. It's yours. Take it. Take it. TAKE IT.
“Uhm…” Steve blinked, “What?”
“Oh,” his eyes watered. “He has freckles. I never knew. God, oh god, he’s beautiful.” He finally reached up to touch the skin of his face and let out a choked laugh at the contact. His nerves tingled with fire and life. The skin was so soft and smooth. And, he laughed again, squishy. Who could have imagined that Captain America had a bit of a baby-face?
“Steven,” Pierce snapped again, his cane dangling by his leg with a clear threat.
‘Just a few weeks.’ He told himself, remembering Tony’s promise to take him to see the only remaining person from his old life. ‘I’ll see you soon Peggy.’
Tony did a quick movement with his wrist and touched his arc in a specific way Steve had not seen before and then…Steve stepped back in shock, air escaping his throat, as ripples of metal appeared out of no where and covered the body Steve had become so familiar with. Looking at this person, this thing, Steve could understand the terms Tony used of clunky and old because this…this was stunning.
“Encrypted?”
was it, right?” He held out his arms though Steve was unsure what he was motioning too. Everything around the two of them felt pretty magnificent and overwhelming. “You and I just started dating. You’re mine now. So you get the platinum treatment.”
“Yes.”
“About the size of a continent.” Tony grumbled, fiddling with a screwdriver.
"Yes…yes, I am.” Steve whispered back just as soft.
“You don’t know that. Probably orphaned plenty of big-assed-nosed bears just to say ‘we love Stark’ in, what, fifteen copies of a five hundred page document.”
“What is going on?” Steve hissed, panic starting to grow in his chest. “What has happened? What…what…”
“Stupid bastard. Fine, fine.” Tony grumbled, pushing Steve’s pecs together to be a brat, avoiding a smack from the blond man. “You think you’re ready to handle this?”
"Please gimme.” Tony held out his hand and made a grabby-motion.
“Yeah,” The blond shrugged, “It looks like the others are getting interested in getting the same one. I mean…I had hoped they, you…everyone,” he sputtered, “would but--”
Tony did not seem to get the memo as he was practically glued to Steve’s side and would not keep his hands to himself.
“Where is a broom? I’m going to hit you with it.” Steve stumbled off the desk, crossing his arms over his chest and glared. He was told he received the firm look from his mother who, without any doubt in his mind, could chase shadows from a disproval frown. Apparently it was an Irish-mother trait.
Tony, Tony, Tony…
His noise earned muffled sounds from the other side of the door and soon individuals came in…that certainly were NOT Natasha or Nebula.
"Progress. Right," Tony sneered. "It's about brainwashing. You're still looking for that something to make me break. Must be getting boring after all this time to see I am still the same. You about to put an end to it or what?"
“That is one polite way of stating it.” Jarvis piped in. “Others would not be so kind. Most may call him looking quite hobo-like.”
“H-Howa....” Steve paused and blinked at the man. No, this was not Howard. Though he had blinding similarities the man before him was someone completely different. His face was fuller, brown eyes slightly larger, darker skin, and though looked shorter than Howard this man was thicker in the chest and shoulders. There were strong muscles to his form that Howard did not have. Not to mention additional, and unusual, facial hair that strangely worked well on his masculine jaw.
Steve nodded, hooking his fingers in the loops of Tony’s jeans as he couldn’t help but get his thoughts jumbled up again. ‘Guess it does make sense…with power, technology, and intelligence that could create something like
“Shh, I got you. I got you now. I’ll make it all better again.”
"Can't you be patient once?"
Tony smiled back, his shoulders easing. “I know. I know you won’t. I just get…weird.”
“Precious. Oh so precious.” He started to laugh again. “Never have I heard anything quite like it. You thought I was in danger and wanted to help me. You…” his chocolate eyes gazed over Steve’s body, “you…so gentle and soft,” all of a sudden he was back in front of Steve, no steps except he just appeared, his hand pressed against the side of Steve’s cheek, fingertips tenderly petting the soft gold hair. “You are…so gorgeous. So
“And that was mine! My Stevie made that for me!” He whined and reached for the bowl. Natasha just stabbed at him and then pushed him away with her boot and ate some more.
“Well, no one is sure
"This would be so much easier if you threw a tantrum," Tony groaned and rubbed his head. "You know, release something. Show that soul of yours to the people you like to call your family. Instead, you push us away and refuse to show us anything about you."
Steve shrugged, “I’ve been putting it together. With what Howard did and his involvement with the war, the amount of money you have, the fact you have someone as dangerous as Nat at your service, and that you let it slip you used the Tesseract, yes,” he stopped Tony before he could start anything, “for clean energy or whatnot but there is no way seventy-years, and with the movies created, there have not been battles. You’re involved in something dangerous and some of it, probably not all of it but at least some, is behind this door.”
“Howling Commandos.” Steve sulked. “All of them enjoyed pointing out I would mother-hen before I jumped on a tank and then proceed to mother-hen again as I beat someone black and blue.”
Tony’s lips then broke into a grin. “Fuck, I am good. I had some worries about you, Wilson…that you’d make this all about me or you’d use Steve to worm into the Avengers. But I had a feeling you were right for it.” He flicked his own collar, thoroughly impressed with himself. “I pick perfect people.”
Steve blinked. “Really?”
“That’s my ass! Hands off!” Tony whined
Thor just grinned as if it were his plan all along though everyone noticed him, sourly, push back his hidden bottle of Asgard liquor.
“Do not mention it, sir.”
“You’re being a possessive dick.”
Tony sighed. “Alright, send them in.”
“Been considering that, big guy." Oh, he practically dreamt it. The idea of crushing the rebellion in one glorious, explosive go was as tempting as a fat-dripping burger smothered in cheese and bourbon sauce. "But as much as I love showing off my babies,” he licked his lips and thought of his newly completed guns with the molecule collapsing ability and its sleek, compact form. How reloading was slicker than fitting on a condom and he needed to stop before he got a stiffy. Even Tony found it impossible not to be impressed with himself. “I’d like to show the world that this fable land of gods, magic, and technology is mine. That
“Oh, my baby.” Tony grasped Steve’s face and looked him over in worry. “What is it, darling?”
“I hope earlier but given how my father enjoys the politics and dragging things along for the sake of appearance," Thor sighed. "Yes, end of the week would be the safest date.”
"Fuck you."
Thanos was coming soon for another training session and he needed to be prepared. Tony was apparently needed to some extent but if he did not continue to prove his worth, Thanos would throw him over a cliff like he did his other child.
“Of course! Power and immortality comes at a price and my folk are bound by unfortunate circumstances that make it difficult to just live outside of glamour without invitation.” He sulked. “A mind like mine needs a little more sustenance than endless parties and repetitive riddles that take place in-between the shadows. Your kind can be so entertaining…so many puzzles and theories on just how far you’ll go to get something like wealth or a lover. It’s amusing.”
Tony smiled, a rather lovesick smile over his features. “You are
She had said, many times, but too often during her final few days when the fever was at its worst.
Grounding his palms against his eyes he let out a miserable shaky breath.
"I..." He blinked, his chest constricting. "No.
“Yes, yes, so good.” He started to gently thrust his finger, pleased at the reaction. It probably burned his lover, made him uncomfortable and overwhelmed, and it was so wonderful. Steve had always been so receptive in their bedroom activities and he was always so, so sensitive. Tony had known the young man would enjoy a bit of pain and roughness with the pleasure.
A living house was almost where Steve lost his sanity but after a few awkward conversations to an individual living in basically electricity he found he could handle it well.
"Oh." Tony found it hard to find words. "What else?"
Pierce’s look was sharp. “Why is that any of your business?”
Bruce sniffed, “No need to be rude, Nat. I’m just sharing pleasantries with our new friend--”
P.S.: You_Light_The_Sky I MISS YOU why must adulting keep us apart? Someone needs to tell it to stop.
Tony calmly inhaled and exhaled, keeping his stare off of the monster and just concentrated on not panicking. He was bounded by technology of another species, apparently one called the Skrull, with images from his head playing in front of them like a movie. His past, his parents, his torture…all laid out bare for this creature to watch as he pleased.
Tony, Tony, Tony…
Steve handed over the plate and now had a small frown on his face. Clearly, he had wanted to continue the topic of venturing out.
“You’re obvious, Rogers. Your mistake was trying to come off cold and standoffish. Composed, I could buy, you’re a soldier…but god, you are so gentle. So giving. These eyes,” the hands reached up to cradle Steve’s face, thumbs brushing circular motions on the soft cheeks, under the blue eyes, “they really can’t hide anything from me.”
“Yeah, got that.” He winced and tried to get frantic creatures to calm down. “I’m fine. Just a little woozy. Sorry to worry you, uh…who are you?”
“Done.” And the line went dead.
“Yes, sir.” He nodded and jumped down. “Plenty of food to make it to the weekend. I only got the basic needs in regards to patching up the home. I won’t know what I need exactly until I start working.”
Tony, who always found himself hot and bothered when Steve got snarky, shared a few kisses that started off soft but could feel heat begin to simmer as their tongues got involved and Steve gave a tempting tug to his hair.
“And I love that you are such an adventurous slut.” He grinned, laughing when Steve pinched his side in good humor. “Sorry, sorry…but things like that, you know? I still feel bad I brought some dirty talk in before bringing it up with you.”
“He socked you?!” Clint squeaked.
“You and…and Nat have. Bucky has.”
"Uh..." Tony blinked. "Ok?"
“Can’t help that I’m perfect.” Tony kissed him again. “Well, I showed you the biggest piece of the place…everything else should, potentially, be a walk in the park.”
“Wait,” he blinked as he went through his books of the occult and supernatural. “Changed like Changeling?”
His fingers were desperate to press into Thanos’ eyes and gouge them out. He wanted to make this monster wail.
There should be something exciting about this move. His mother always wanted to move him out into the countryside and away from the smog and crowded life of the city. But moving was expensive and without connections to anyone, she knew there was too great a chance of drying up all their measly savings and becoming homeless. Something Steve’s health could not withstand. So, they remained within New York, working as housekeepers until her dying day five years prior.
Steve pushed him back again. “Nothing. I’m fine.” He straightened his back and his face fell into something impassive. “You mentioned clean energy?”
"And how many pieces?" Tony urged.
Tony laughed but it was not friendly. “You’re good with playing this up to me.”
“It was literally last week.”
Steve bit his bottom lip, “I can’t lie my mind sort of went there.”
“Thank God for that…still shouldn’t have done it.”
“Congrats, Stark. It’s signed and all yours.” Clint whistled and tapped his calloused hands on the thick stacks of papers. “Damn you killed a lot of trees for this.”
guest. I provide for you.”
“Sir, the schedule has been updated. You’ll meet with SHIELD at 8am on Thursday while that evening you plan on attacking, kidnapping, interrogating while filming the possible traitors to your rule. I will remind you Saturday to send a birthday wish to Abby along with her toys.” Jarvis updated.
The soldier gasped and arched his back. Like Tony promised it hurt, but it felt amazing. “Uh…oh, g-god.” His eyes rolled back a moment and he had to close them to catch his breath. He still felt split open and new from the previous rounds, he had a feeling Tony knew this, so it was only a mild burn that added something delicious to the frantic sensation.
"Yeah?" Tony cocked a brow, still in his suit. In 2012 it did not come on and off as easy as it did now. "You gonna confess it was you that kissed me?"
"I'm more fun than Ms. Potts will be if you actually spend time, money, and resources on making penguins fly and into assassins."
“What have you done?
“Suppose I will need to consider bringing them back if only to shut that thing up.”
Tony sulked. “I guess.”
“It’s time to get up. You need to get off of me. And,” he still sounded bashful but happy, “out of me.”
“I did.” Lips hit the top of Steve’s head and then he took Steve’s little hand and kissed the back of it. “I don’t go back on my promises. Come along then, dear heart. I believe we have much to converse about.”
"Oh."
“I understand this is difficult for you. But you have made him happier than I have seen in years. That is something no one else has ever been able to do. You being here is important and necessary. Do not fret over something like chores.”
There was something nice about it, he finally settled on the idea, to know there was someone coming back to him and someone Steve would return to. There was stability and comforting. And maybe Sam was right, guilt did not need to chase him away from Tony, there was nowhere and no one else to run to.
“Unfortunately. It makes it hard to get away with anything.”
“Ok…” Steve conceded, “Ok, yeah, I can see that.”
Steve now groaned in misery, “Seriously…you gotta stop talking like that.”
His instincts on being polite and danger were usually always on point so he allowed Tony to keep holding him for now.
“Later.” Tony kissed him again. “Now,” his attention went down to the exposed chest and numbers, "Start from the beginning. I want to hear about all of them."
Warning: The Avengers, Tony in particular, will start showing more of their amoral side soon. In this chapter, Tony gets rather creepy. What he does is presented in a slightly "acceptable" way because he and his group believe it is acceptable. Power gets the best things, and they are basically the ultimate power. He is possessive and has open conversations about owning people, possessing them, and sex without too much consideration for the other party.
“Sounds like it could get lonely that way.” Steve kept himself close to Tony’s side, their shoulders barely touching. It felt right, natural, to be so close to each other. Even as they walk, it felt like they were in synch with more knowledge of how the other moves. It felt as if Steve knew where to turn simply because of Tony and not because of familiarity with the Tower, his new home, but because of Tony himself.
It was not his own group but Steve was looking forward to the meeting. To see someone outside of Tony and perhaps start getting his new life figured out. Tony, however, was not quite yet ready to give Steve any sort of privacy as he had tried a few times to help Steve into his new attire before Steve finally plucked the man up like a cat and tossed him out. It only lasted long enough to get Steve into his pants and shirts and Tony had barged right back in with a pout.
“Still, a haunting? Seems rather stupid and ignorant.”
“Hmm?” Tony’s fingers grabbed the front of the jeans and then there was a loud rip as he pulled them apart easily, shredding them off the gorgeous form of a very surprised Steve. “There…better.”
“Yeah, oh.” Tony smirked. “I can promise you that was not me kissing you as a friend.”
His teeth went to the man’s nape, aching to dig into the skin and pin the man back into the mattress and milk all the meek, pathetic noises out of him again. He would need to make a note to record themselves in the future so he could always listen to the mewls Steve made in the midst of painful pleasure.
“You spar?”
“Lovely.” Tony slurred. Then without wasting any time, he pushed the wet fingers between Steve’s parting legs and shoved one inside. No pause or warning. He smiled darkly as Steve yelped and arched. “Yes, there you go.”
Most every day, Steve had to swallow down at least three screams of frustration. “Well they’re neighbors now. Wouldn’t it be easier to connect with them at some point so you do not have to be stuck within the house all day?”
“But you’re mine now, baby. That means I can flirt all the time I want.” Tony threw him a charming grin though it fell when his pocket vibrated and he sighed. “That reminds me, love, I’m completing my project tonight.” He commented as he brought out his phone and started texting. “It’s why I’m a bit…out of it. I’ll make it up to you, though.”
“All about the aesthetics,” He grumbled, pursing his lips.
"A surprising downside to superhuman healing; intense tattooing."
His shoulders slumped in hurt. That was normal.
Chapter Warnings: Some horror elements, some uncomfortable sexual advances, and Tony being a creepy little bastard
Walking over to his nightstand, Steve messed around the drawers, finding his few possessions still safe inside. The three books of his mothers, including the monster book, his mother’s stone pendant necklace (one of her last pieces of Ireland), two journals one filled with his secret sketches and other the diary of his mother, a small white bone of his pet rabbit (morbid, he had feared but his mother said anything can be a beautiful treasure if enough love is poured in and he wanted memory of something so soft and his), the last remaining patch of fabric from his first and only stuffed animal, and the slender box of brushes…his mother’s final, and most expensive, gift before she died.
“How dangerous are the weapons?”
“To…Tony…?”
“It happens. They were not the healthiest couples but he did not insult her or beat her. They slept in separate rooms but ate together at breakfast. Their Christmas gifts were never a surprise or anything standout but never impersonal. They were still able to tease and smile with each other even though I can only count the number of times they kissed on one hand. And mom was ok with that. She had lovers as Howard did. It was never complicated and I think it worked out so well because of that. Really, the only time they ever argued was about me.”
“No, Tony.” Steve still had a soft smile on his face. “I want to keep going. This means something more to me than self-torture.” He pressed his hand to his side, staring down at the numbers with something similar to affection. “It hurts. Most of them do carry something negative but not all of them. And it’s all special. They should not ever be forgotten.”
Josh cleared his throat as he pulled out a sheet of paper, "Daaaa, ta-da-tada-da, da DAAAAAAAA." He unfolded it and presented the final piece to the blond.
him?”
“Of course, anything.” Tony led Steve to the massive couch and helped him to sit down. He remained close by, going so far as to rub his thumb over Steve’s knuckles. “Do you need a drink? Maybe something with a lot of alcohol in it?”
“There is nothing to forgive for that. I’m excited about tonight.”
'Holy hell.' Tony paled. 'What is he turning me into?'
“No. I didn’t.” Steve snapped. “I just…oh.” He looked down once his eyes caught sight of a glow that really had no place to be anywhere close to them.
“Well, he sort of is.” Tony grinned, happy at the admission. There were only two people who could boss the hidden ruler of the world around and the other was in his arms throwing a pout. “You can have one after dinner. You need to save room. I’m sure papa is making something really good.”
“B-But pr-pregnant?”
“Mhm, have yet to meet anyone like her.”
Tony walked over and gave Steve another kiss, a second for good measure, and walked out.
“Excuse me for interrupting.” He muttered as he brushed past them to get to the coffee pot. “Just getting a refill.”
“My inventions. Things my head just can’t stop producing. Many things came from after,” he tapped his chest where the arc was, “and I felt this overwhelming need to create things that protects.”
Absolute perfection.
“Ah…” Steve paused only for a moment, “then you’re a bastard.”
Those thoughts were not accepted. He was not that kind of man. That was Thanos. That was Thanos. That was Thanos.
Steve stared at him, hard, his mouth was tight to keep it from trembling. He was a grown man, a leader, a soldier, and there was no way he was going to cry about anything right now. It was too much…change in climate, power, energy, everything...but he could handle it. He had to handle it. He still sniffled and bit his lip when he felt it shake.
“I am,” Tony groaned against Steve’s soft mouth, “so happy I listened to Natasha.”
“Ye-ep.”
“You’re allowed to.” Steve said with a smile. “I trust you and what you’d use it for.”
“I’d say,” she looked thoughtful, “probably six years.”
Now Tony opened and closed his mouth in shock, “Wha…what?”
“Never.” Tony growled playfully, his hands grabbing at Steve’s chest.
Steve held up his hands in instant surrender, “Don’t want that. I just mean, I look a bit more warrior like…so…where is the cute?”
And the sooner Thor ruled over Asgard the better it would be for Tony. Now that his rule over the Earth’s governments was finalized and secured he could progress to the next phase of his plan and it was one he was looking forward to but he wasn’t cocky enough to think he didn’t need all the help the Avengers could provide.
Pepper just waved him off.
“Oh.” Steve reached over and grabbed Tony’s hand again. “Show me, please.”
“You’re keeping the door closed.” Steve tilted a brow. “Everything ok?”
"Steve..."
“But--”
Tony felt his vision break and he quickly grabbed the wall to stabilize himself. “What?”
"You gonna come at me or what, coward?" She provided another feline smirk and twirled the fork in warning.
Steve started to assist Sam unloading with the luggage. The metal was horrible against his skin and he gritted his teeth to keep a whimper down. Sam gave him a sympathetic look.
His suit, still there of sorts, was broken but fixable. His fingers continued to tinker and play and grow but nothing came from it. Thanos allowed him to use his suit to some degree but no matter what he did or add the damned thing did nothing against those meaty, purple hands that knew death better than anyone else.
“Clearly.” Tony grumbled.
"But...w-what?"
“It’s just…I sort of…want to explore…” He motioned around for the right words but realized he was going down the same spiral as earlier and sighed again, approaching it from the blunt perspective as Steve urged him to. “You know kinks, right?”
“Not just yet, but I have a good guess. I’m confident Mr. President has no clue. This was probably more military power. The way they attacked made me think they wanted to destroy the product and not use it. I think any government official who has to uphold a reputation would not stoop so low.”
Pulling on a shirt, Tony fixed himself up and smiled down at himself and the fact the shirt barely fit across his chest.  He wondered if this was a problem Steve had. While he hadn't grown as big as his Steve, he was still a bit on the sort of short side (as much as he hated to admit it), his body was, for lack of a better word, buff and toned. Hell, he’d call himself hot as fuck. He wondered how Steve would look at him...he knew the pretty blond had a crush on him on some level; at least had found him attractive which did something amazing for Tony's confidence that someone as beautiful as Steve checked him out often when he was twenty-years his senior.
“Who is what color?” He finally asked.
. “Take me.”
“Not good odds for me.”
“Mhmmm, you’re perfect.”
“I-It could happen.” Steve rubbed his arm, feeling so small.
“Steve,” Tony’s voice was impatient, like he was talking to a child. “I said don’t talk.”
“Don’t you kink shame me.”
Clint swung out his switchblade, “Sure thing.”
Was it true? Was this…his Steve was good.
“He wasn’t cruel to me--”
A hospital then.
Steve groaned, “You’re never going to drop that, are you?”
“Overprotective?”
Steve’s head fell back against the desk in mild relief. There was not much worse in the other realm than a demon. “So…a deal was made…and you were born.”
And then the thrusting started.
“You’ll be in quite a position. Your ass will probably be in the air.”
“What does this have to do with Steve?”
He pushed a second finger in, enjoying the heat, and started to rub any part he could.
“I told you she’d know.” Nebula spoke in that soft raspy whisper of hers. There was no ridicule or impatience in her voice. Steve never had any trouble recruiting the blue-cyborg on these impossible escapes. Much like himself, she was desperate to find the kidnapped Tony Stark. She just knew when to back off when Natasha showed up. Steve didn’t.
off it.”
The grin that crawled up his face was one that would make typical people flinch. He was so happy. Everything felt quite beautiful in the moment. “All that paper...Natasha’s poor koalas.”
Such a warm and imposing color. It reminded Steve of cinnamon, of chocolate, coffee, fall leaves, worn leather, tempting dark woods…
He had to apologize. He had to make sure the man received the happiness he deserved.
"Nope."
“Suppose so,” Tony noticed that Steve’s cup looked low and snapped his fingers and more hot, dark liquid filled it. He felt quite pleased when Steve looked at it in open awe. So sweet. “Why not say it?”
“Your mom.”
“He always knew who should be his children.” Nebula noted.
“Don’t bother explaining yourself, lad.” Pierce noted as he wiped his mouth. “He’s not going to understand. To answer your question, Steven, there are actually some plans to head past town this weekend. I have to meet up with an acquaintance. Should give you plenty of time to get the rooms done.”
Tony took them down to another level of what Steve had come to realize was a massive tower. Tony owned all of it too. The particular level was where he took care of some business, he had explained. It was where his “public” office was. Well, one of them. Apparently he had about three offices in the tower, one private up in his quarters, one semi-private where he met with only special clientele, and one public where he carried standard meetings. It was a lot of offices to have in one building and Steve could not help but wonder what special clientele meant but didn’t question it.
“I’ve only been in here for five minutes.”
“It’s not pleasant…many of my kind and how we behave. And we have a long history and stories of mistreating those who are different.” He could not help but give Tony a shameful look. “Everyone is worth more than that.”
“Well, Tony,” he tried not to flinch when the look became hot, “now what?”
Steve had not realized he was looking anywhere else.
“Our friends.” Steve pushed. “Our family.”
“Exactly. The same Tony Stark that lost and gained everything in one night. Who has faced kidnapping, torture, and terrorists. Who knew that to be the best, to do the best, you had to play dirty.” She stood in front of him, took a hold of both his shoulders, and smiled. “Who has won many wars, personal and physical, to now rule over the world. You are Tony Fucking Stark. Iron Man. Leader of the Avengers. Ruler of the world. Bringer of peace.”
“How many times will I need to knock you out till you stop?” Natasha asked from the shadows, a familiar heavy taser in her hand, her face gaunt but her eyes angry.
"You better believe it." His thumb unfairly brushed over Steve’s exposed nipple and Steve jerked. “Talk before I get too distracted on doing things,” he flipped over it again, “to you.”
“No worries, dear heart, I’ll make it quite enjoyable.” And then he gave a nip, almost playfully cat like, to Steve’s chin. “That will be our main game. Now for our other…you have any guess? To what you’re in? What I am?”
“In you,” Tony muttered like a madman. “Gonna come in you. Gonna fill you up. Make you full. Make you swell. Yes, fuck, yes, yes…Steve.”
He sulked. “You all are no fun.”
Pierce looked thoughtful, “I think it best to stick to the plan for now and fix the rooms first. But do get to work on the kitchen quickly.”
Steve worried if it would be enough.
“Baby, no.” Tony said, his voice too tender. “That…you can’t do that.”
"My son," Thanos' hand fell heavy on his shoulder, pulling him back into reality. Into real. The world. Everything. "Your mind appears to be troubled."
“Tony,” his voice sounded stronger though breathy with a plea. “Tony.”
“Tony,” Steve pulled back when Tony went for another kiss. “Are you sure? I mean…can this…augh,” he threw his free hand up in the air. “This is confusing. I don’t…I mean, you’re real swell--”
"Wha...oh, oh." He shook his head. "No, I was...Tony, this," he motioned to his wrist, "is not my first tattoo. I was there getting something else done when Josh showed me this piece."
He pulled out his pipe, tapping its side as if he were more interested in it than Steve. “Good. Now, I do believe most all of us are finished. See to the cleanup and get started for the day.” Pierce scowled as he picked himself up. “So hard to stay up to date without the paper.”
His boyfriend looked flustered and nervous; normally not the best combination for the hyperactive genius who could begin to invent without much caution and create quite dangerous things through his intense care and paranoia. When he had said he wanted to talk to Steve, the blond had known instantly it was serious to some level…he just didn’t think, well maybe a little as he had some insecurities of his own, this concerning.
Clint paused in his work to reach over and grab the salad away from Tony’s greedy hands and shovel the food in his mouth. “So,” he choked a bit over a stray chicken cube, “How is McSexypants doing today?”
Like the first time, it was hard to keep up and know what to do, but he allowed his jaw to relax and have Tony use him however he wanted. He found the sounds coming from Tony were thrilling and made something like pride fill his chest. Steve moaned, letting everything vibrate around Tony’s hard member, and gave a small pinch of his teeth at the tip.
“Steve.” He corrected again, looking at the alien. “What is going on?”
“That wasn’t part of the challenge!” Steve snapped, trying to kick himself off the broad shoulder.
Hot tea boiled from a fireplace and perhaps some bread was their promised first meal in the new home. His stomach lurched miserably at the sad thought.
“Suicidal—whoa, whoa, what?”
Steve...
Tony grinned in response. “Got your answer?”
The doors were opened for him by more of his father’s, now his, loyal subjects and he sauntered in like he owned the place. And well, he did. He owned all of it.
Tony’s expression was hot and powerful but gentle. It made Steve feel weak in the knees. Tony had always reminded Steve of fire. Something so many tried to tame for their own benefit and who, for the most part, allowed the taming to provide protection and warmth—a light in the darkness of the world. But he also raged and overwhelmed. He burned people easily and could consume life if he so chose (he just had not chosen to, yet). He enveloped Steve, who was always cold and lost in the shadows, in something blinding and hot.
“He’s mine.” Tony repeated.
With a despondent sigh, Tony reached down to Steve’s ass and gently pushed it open so he could slowly pull himself out. He let out soft pants, trying to will himself not to get turned back on as Steve really needed his rest from his first experience of getting fucked into a bed for hours.
Howard gave him a firm glare. “Steve Rogers was the most important human being at the time. He was…he was…”
“Ah, Nebula.” Thanos shook his head, disappointed. “She was never as strong as her sister but I never thought her so weak to betray me.”
Steve was in awe of all of it. Though Tony was a bit huffy when Steve kept demanding more of the studios Disney and Bluth than anything by Lucas or Spielberg. Steve did not crack on the demand. He was hungry to see more of the animation and how stunning the art was. Steve swore he could watch the one called
“Then don’t think about it just yet. Just take it in and talk to me. Besides, you’ll be forced to talk about it later. Enjoy not for now.”
“Now I want sex.” Tony gave a lick to the skin and reached around to grab at Steve’s backside, massaging the cheeks to show exactly what he was interested in.
Tony was mildly buzzed as he followed Pepper’s directions and went to the staircase to head up to the penthouse. It was not likely she wanted sex, they stopped that well over two years ago, but he certainly would not fight her on it. He could use a good, mindless romp in the bed to close the night for the better. And Pepper was a fine romper.
Steve. Steve. Steve.
“But he looks…” Tony’s face twisted unsure what word would best describe the soft looking man. “So…he…I dunno…he just doesn’t look it.”
"What?" Tony grunted as he continued to use his blade to shave; once he really knew how to use it, it became better than any razor on earth. His goatee was always sharp and pristine. His hair changed from longer to short at times, but he always kept his beard. Besides, he knew his Steve loved the look.
“A lot.” Tony’s hand was still pressed on Steve’s chest. His fist clenched over the cotton shirt before it released to give his heartbeat a pet. “A whole lot.”
“It won’t be any time soon if you keep using your big, grabby hands on my darling sweetheart! Put him down!” Tony ordered.
“Yes.” Tony reached over and gently took Steve’s hand. “But I’ll need you to listen to me out there. It may be really overwhelming.”
‘Steve…’ Not for the first time had that name bounced around his head. It should’ve been Pepper or Rhodey or, hell, even Friday…instead it was good ol’ Captain America.
“Then hopefully this guy misheard or is lying. But the moment he let that little word slip I knew I had to call you.”
The man laughed again.
“You know I’m up for it, Nat.”
“It is when a family like that was in it.” Sam no longer appeared comfortable over the topic and Steve decided to change it, heeding the warning of sharing kindness to earn it.
“Oye, Stark, your boy-toy is getting close to disappearing to a corner. Better get to him.” Natasha, the traitor, called out before she and Bruce disappeared.
"How long have you been planning on getting one?"
“What?” Steve felt like that was his new favorite word. “Ador--”
“I am sir. The edits will be made within an hour and then uploaded to YouTube.”
He just needed to get his body to work and stop burning and tearing apart from the inside. It hurt. It hurt so much. But he could take it, he was a super soldier…others have suffered more; they continue to suffer more.
“Oh god, mother,” he gasped. “What do I do now?”
“Jesus, Steve.”
“It’s just…you know, this is crazy…what I create…” He moved his hands and fingers around, trying to describe in words what he can do. “It is…I make things! I make impossible things--”
“Yes…your blood,” Tony’s fingers trailed around Steve’s cheek and down to his neck, “your marrow, skin, organs…” he snarled, “people wanted to
The screen came back to life once more, filled with his father's papers about Steve. Obsessive words filled the screen along with memorieis of old photos and video.
“Ah, interesting…I was actually asking about the videos.” Steve clarified.
Tony’s cookie dropped along with everyone’s jaw. “Nat…holy, oh…you have a black eye.”
is a bit heart-pumping, but it is heavily documented that orgasms are good for the immune system--”
Steve turned over his shoulder, looking at the windowed pane that separated him from the family and found it comfortably shut. They wouldn’t want the winter air intruding on their time to mourn their loss of wealth.
“Did I ask for excuses?” Pierce asked, sipping on his last bit of his imported wine.
It came as a surprise to Steve since it had been Tony’s goal to become a couple from, apparently, the beginning. He hadn’t expected any sort of breakfast-in-bed-treatment, that would’ve been far too much fluff for him to handle anyway, but Steve had expected and wanted
Tony had no reservation or pause button as he pulled back and tore through his jacket, vest, and shirt. He did it so easily, a smooth as a dance move, and discarded it to the side. Steve watched in some awe as he made removing his shoes and pants as attractive as everything else. Steve always managed to get his legs or head stuck when fumbling just to get ready for bed…he had no idea how to be smooth and graceful…attractive. What was he to do in this situation?
"Yes."
“You’re lucky you got the jump on me. Clearly I am a frightening presences who can take you on without trouble.” Steve snorted. “I’m not a threat. Especially if you are what you say you are…is there any reason I need to be pinned like this?”
So Tony is roughly 38 here and Steve is 27 to help clarify.
“He’s doing so well.” She noted.
“Wow,” upon the walls were shelves and hanging photographs. Some were places or robots but most all of them were people.
Steve tried to open his eyes but couldn’t…or were they already opened? He could still see that god-forsaken battle field, of men crying and dying, of those people who lost all hope, of mud and blood, and Bucky shattering into ash and Okoye wailing to the skies as her king disappeared.
It was a sucker punch and he staggered back, covering his face as he tried to keep himself steady.
“Tony,” Steve sighed, though it sounded far too dreamy to really be seen as scolded. Wow, did he have it bad for the other man.
Still, he did not want to waste time looking over his shoulders before someone showed up to actually look over his shoulder. He made himself comfortable on one of the few small study-tables and got to work. The papers smelled musty and sharp. There was also the stench of old leather and cloth. It was a scent only a library could carry and fed into Steve’s eagerness of the mood.
That was right. He had crashed and it was so painful and dark and Peggy had begged him not to do it and Bucky was gone.
"Ok, and second one is..." he stuck his tongue out, made a few more scratches and pulled back, "done."
“What?” Dread started to seep into the pit of Steve’s body. “What happened?”
Steve’s eyes narrowed as he searched his memory for the familiar term, “That is…domination and submission?”
“No.”
She kept her eyes locked on Tony’s as she smirked, “And your boyfriend there can fly.”
Steve grabbed the hem of his pants, feeling a bit bold and maybe ready to show all of it to Tony, and jerked it down to show him exactly what he meant. “I had this on me probably six months after we met. The dates were later.”
“Both of them?”
“There you are, love.” Tony smiled as he came into the hall, playing with his tie. “I wanted to see you before I was off.” He looked around at the photos and then approached Steve. “You looking for Howard?”
“Fine, fine.” Tony did not need to see the plethora of Clint’s family photos again as proof for the archer’s love of his family and all things toddler. “Jarvis, put that in the calendar as well. I at least want to send a present.”
“Yeah, he does.”
“Hmm, can’t say I care.” One of the large hands went up to Steve’s hair.
“Coffee. The drink of the gods, in my opinion.” He looked Steve over and snorted. “I can see you be more of a tea drinker. Well, I won’t hold it against you if you are.”
“Well, that’s terrifying. Given, you know…are still squishing me.” Steve tried to move and glared when Tony held him in place. “You planning on letting me go anytime soon?”
Sam pocketed the money and continued to share the concerned and sympathetic expression. “I believe something is available. I’ll look into it and let you know once you are in town. Any ideas when that may be?”
“Why do you have it?” Steve’s voice was heavy with suspicion.
The air tasted foul in their compartment. His travel companions kept quiet, not even talking amongst themselves as they busied themselves with newspapers or their own books and journals. Occasionally, tobacco was shared for pipes but overall the family was firm and silent.
"Where does it start?"
Tony stared at him a moment and hung his head in defeat. It was not a feeling he was used to, example and point the whole world trembling under his thumb, but he got the feeling this was going to be something often in his new life with the man. Because Steve giving him a pleading look with those big blue eyes and his cheeks stuffed like a hamster was simply the cutest thing that had ever been produced. He wish he could have thanked Steve's mother for giving birth to such a precious Adonis. How was he expected to say no?
“Hmm," Tony stroked his chin, "I like the sound of it. I'll need to see your work but if you're good that'll be perfect. He needs my face somewhere on him.”
“Psh, yeah right. I’m sure there will be plenty that will like to poke fun at that but really, we only see you as twenty-seven.”
“You know, it is ok for you to be with him.” Sam said in a comforting tone.
Tony couldn’t tell if he wanted to laugh, cry, or jump at Steve’s mouth and leave bruises. He quickly dragged Steve to the other half of Tony for a final, proper introduction. “This is how I fly.”
do that to him.” Tony sounded insulted. He sounded angry. He sounded like the bringer of destruction.
“Oh…oh,” Tony blinked a moment and then threw his head back and laughed. “I’m sorry, doll. I haven’t told you…well, not this you.” He smoothed some gold hair back. “You don’t know anything.”
“You’re training me to be your heir.”
Instead of anything romantic Tony simply dragged himself into the kitchen, drank his coffee like a hard shot, gave Steve a sweet little kiss on the head, sat near the counter and smacked his own head against the cool surface and didn’t move. He certainly moaned plenty.
“I just need to accept not knowing?”
“Perfect first date.” For a computer with no tone he sounded so warm and pleased. “I’ll get right on that.”
Steve’s lips wobbled a bit but he managed to keep the smile up. “Ma was a storyteller. She could weave words so beautifully. I could never really get the hang of it, not like her. I had a lisp for a while and I didn’t like to speak out loud. So she told me to draw everything. Turns out I had a knack for it.”
“Hmm," Tony rubbed his jaw and squinted at the screen. "How early we talkin’ about?”
“Well, huh. Guess that explains the intense noise coming from the kitchen.”
“Bwha…” He blinked as creatures, for sure in the alien category, scurried in, panic etched on their faces.
Tony grinned. It was sharp like a predator’s. “Glad you finally asked. I’m looking for this.” And he grabbed Steve’s face and pulled him down for a kiss. It was quick, with their lips brushing, barely any pressure, but it made all the nerves within Steve’s body came alive.
“What?”
She nodded, slowly, still studying him like a good spy she is. “Now what?”
“They ran into each other and then had a whirlwind romance. They met off and on for a few years until one day mom got a bun in the oven and they decided to get hitched.”
Tony looked over and the only “him” he saw was one of his memorable poster of Captain America near his kitchen and looked back to Pepper with a titled brow. She returned his expression with a smug smile, gave a nod, and his cocky face fell. He looked back at the poster then back at her. “What?”
Steve rolled his eyes dramatically.
His stomach churned as he watched his mother kiss him goodbye for the last time.
"This is not going to happen."
And god help whoever tried to take his Steve away from this.
Steve still had to bite his lip to not make a noise and disappoint the man above him.
“YES!” He threw his hands up in frustration before they instantly were gripping at Steve’s bare arms, like he hated to be away from the exposed skin. “You thought you had to lie to me because you failed or some shit like that. You thought you had to be the burden to all of it and resolve it on your own because you didn’t want to hurt my
“Daddy!”
Steve shoved him. “Aren’t you twenty-nine?”
“Yes! Please! Please! Tony!!”
"Come on, Cap." He heard his own voice as the scene changed. "Let's see those muscles be put to work."
Ouch, truth hurts.
“Aww, there is nothing bigger and better than you sweetie.” Howard laughed. It was such a joyous, carefree sound and Tony didn’t believe it was his father for a moment. That sound had never been shared with his mother and himself.
“Not happening.” Steve smirked at the whining look. “I want to see.”
“You’re ruling the world after threat of slaughter and that’s the best you can come up with?” Her lips curled. “Weak.”
What did that mean?
“Could you imagine what they would say if they heard you call me daddy? There are some memes out there that I hope you unintentionally do…what a mess that would cause.” Tony made a noise at Steve’s movement. “Babe, give a man a few moments to breathe…I’m only mortal.”
He could see the moment when normal Tony disappeared and something animalistic take his place.
“You have it?”
“Sounds good to me.”
“Thank you, baby. I like to look the part of a boss on occasion. You look wonderful as well.” He licked his lips. “Damn, those jeans are a good fit. Wish you’d let me help you into them.”
“There we go. Good,” Tony smiled warmly and it lit up his face. It was sharper than Howard’s but at the same time far younger despite the man looking a little older. “So very, very good.”
“Well, I wouldn’t say that. You’re Nat’s favorite. She spoils you.”
Steve pulled away, coughing a little, and wiped his mouth, blinking at Tony in some awe. “I…” his throat felt a bit raw, “s-sorry…?”
ones.”
“Hmm,” Tony cupped Steve’s chin and gently brought it up, catching his gaze in something soft—or as soft as a Fae could produce.
“I see you have had some fun, Breaking Point.” Ah, now that was a relief. Tony worried he had forgotten about his clever wits and nicknames.
Steve couldn't help but laugh again. He did feel sympathy for the tattooer who was always careful to provide the least amount of pain and damage to his clients as possible. Steve and his healing was a nightmare. Each session took an hour and they only managed a few dates in because Josh had to go in and reapply the ink numerous, fifteen was the norm, times to ensure that it stayed put and acted like a normal tattoo.
“Sweetie?” He shook his head. The unusual term of endearment was not important. “I can handle it.”
“Try and take it from me.” Steve smirked.
“Don’t care.” Steve wiggled down, getting a little more of a comfortable position. “Could you imagine what the rest would say if you call me that?”
"We won." Steve said, breathlessly, looking at Tony with such tender eyes.
Steve’s knees buckled.
“Noooo.” Tony whined.
“My name. I could provide for you…remove you from your pain. You know so much so you know what I could do if you just asked me. Why not?”
“Fuck you, Clint.”
"I..." Was he something more than a shield? Who was Steve Rogers before Captain America? Was he really anything? "I don't..."
“Who would win…Tony or--”
“Ma was a nurse. She was so brave and hated being told no…hated hearing other people get put down. She always told me to stand up for anything and everyone I cared for because it was always worth it.” He laughed. “One time she got her nose broken because she would not stand down from a drunkard. She always had a smile for me when I came home limping and bloody. She was just so brave and amazing. She went to the locations no one else wanted to go to. But that was a downfall of hers too, I suppose.” He shrugged meekly. “She eventually got tuberculosis and died when I was sixteen.”
Tony shook his head and looked over at a table his boyfriend had not been led to, where the lovely star-shield was resting protectively in secret. “I think he believes it was lost. I’m sure he may ask about it eventually…but I don’t think he’s quite ready to let go of the domesticity yet either.”
“Which is better than most.” She used her fork to point at her food. “You make this?”
“I thought the party was this weekend?”
Steve’s face fell. “Oh, Tony, I am so sorry.”
“Y-Yes!
“You can control a lot of things, Tony, but I think you have your work cut out for you in trying to control Captain America.” Bruce sipped on his own coffee, a small smile on his face, “He has a stubborn streak.”
“Don’t hold your breath." Tony laughed. "I actually have free time till Monday. I’m going to get my armor upgraded and catch up on Game of Thrones.”
"I can't repay you back."
Steve wouldn’t like that. Steve was a good man and a good hero.
Steve tilted a brow, chuckling to himself, as he finally took a sip of his drink. “If you can beat him,” Steve motioned to Thor, “maybe eventually you can take Natasha on. Might be a good training. Protect your food.”
“We’ll talk later, babe. Thor. Down. Now.” Tony huffed, snapping his finger once and pointed down.
Steve laughed breathily. “Yeah, they were a bit like Howard and your mom I think. Though, in the end, not as close of friends.” Steve sighed and gently placed the photograph back in its place. “Drinking was common back then and Hugh was so hurt inside from what he was hiding. I don’t remember him. He died when I was two or three. He died working in a factory. Common back then too.”
Sam needed to do other work but his instructions gave Steve a clear idea on which direction to go to. They parted with a promise for Sam to meet Steve back at the same location they were separating.
“The Shields?”
“The, uh, Star-name?”
“So do I. Along with asthma. Along with a list of so many other problems.” Steve said, rolling up his sleeves. He pinched them tight and stepped towards the door. “Zemo…did you hear anything about the house being haunted?”
That madness was still there. That darkness that people whispered about but no one had the ability to point out. It was an open secret that the man who had brought peace to most all the world with weapons and words had something off about him. Suppose one would have to be mad to take on such an agenda. Most saw him as a victim of terror and suffering who used extreme measures to fix a broken world; a hero meant for a fantasy film. The sanity, or shaky lack of, was not an issue since Tony Stark had done such good with his power.
What a pain in the ass.
“Yes.” Steve bit his lip, trying to keep his stare on the man who continued to observe the blond as if he were an experiment. Tony was speaking to him. He was looking at Steve.
“No, no. It was just a little attack. I’m getting through it. It wasn’t the ice or anything like that. Just a random thought that I went a little too deep into. I’m fine now.” He rolled up his sleeves as he gathered the rest of the plates and pans and placed them in the sink. “Let him get ready. He seems a bit busy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, I feel it.” He popped his back again and went to the elevator to greet his boyfriend. Like many times during the day, his heart did cliché flip-flops at the idea that he was waiting for a loved-one to return.
? Your heir?”
“It’s fine now.”
“Please,” Steve did not want Tony to lose this momentum of letting out his desires. It could be so hard to get the man to share at times and it was all Steve wanted so he had a better grasp at how to make him happy. All he wanted was to make Tony happy…and with this look, he could safely assume this could make Tony very,
“Just be blunt like normal.” Steve comforted. “I think it’ll be easier than you trying to sugarcoat it…you have never been great at that. Just say it and get it over with, please, because this is not enjoyable.”
"Morning, Tony." Steve greeted before he stepped in; damned super solider sensing.
Steve tried not to worm his hands in worry as he sat on their bed.
Instantly, his back was pressed harshly against the desk with Tony towering over him. This close up, Steve cold see how dark and lovely his lashes were. “That is a dangerous thing to say to a very dangerous man, love.” His beautiful lips curled up into something of an unfavorably pleased smile and his thumb came up and traced over Steve’s full mouth, pressing against the softness and purred. “I had you pegged as someone smart.”
It was fine for Steve. It was a heartache to the morality of Josh.
“Thanks for that. Alright,” Tony went back to looking Steve over. “I guess we’re as ready as ever for this.”
“Ah, shit, I didn’t take care of you enough…you’re still too weak for this.” The man, the monster, actually looked worried. “Lay down, gently, love. Gently.”
It was beautiful and it was Tony's.
“God, I love your serum.” Tony pushed in deeper, grunting as he finally reached deep end, bottoming out. “Helps that you seem to be a bit of a masochist.”
What a horror that had been…coming in to find Steve burning from a fever, delirious with nightmares, calling out for him…if his temper hadn’t been so controlled as it was he might have actually beheaded Natasha for letting it get this far.
“Should be easy enough.” Bruce admitted. “Surprised you want to bring tech into the mix. You like feeling the breaks.”
Howard looked at the photo and something longing, an expression of complete tenderness that Tony had never seen his father hold before, “Important people.”
And how much did Steve really care to know?
“Good, good. Well, we’ll take you back home then. I’ll go hook up the wagon.”
“As for me, my name is Anthony Stark, though never call me Anthony. I go by Tony. Can you say that?”
Instantly Steve popped in his head that he tried to move around. No, no. Not Steve. Thanos did not deserve to see Steve. Not Steve. Not his Steve.
“It was about your parents—it was a bit more serious than that.”
“Sir,” Jarvis interrupted.
Steve was no longer the world’s sacrificial lamb.
Steve just gave him a playful, challenging grin. “If you’re going to push my boundaries we’re going to do the same for you. I’m not going to try to take your position of power away, since of course you are clearly a tyrant--”
When the elevator doors opened, god it had felt like hours, Tony just continued on with the clear purpose to make Steve feel like he didn’t exist.
He closed his eyes and lost count of his pushups. He remembered how warm it felt against his fingertips and how haunting and heavy it looked on a living body, a doorway into something intimate and delicate and so broken. It was so familiar to Steve.
“Oh,” Steve looked up and smiled. He was wearing a blue apron that was covered in splatters of red and his fingers were messy. “Yeah, I’m not the best at it because I never had access to many ingredients but I’ve picked up a few tricks over the years. I had Jarvis help me out with the recipe. He thought this would be a good place to start on.”
“Ok.” Steve looked at him expectantly and at their intertwined hands, a shy blush on his face. “We going in?”
“T-Tony?” Steve cleared his throat to get his stuttered under control. The man still looked a little lost in his own world so Steve provided some endearment, something the genius always appreciated, “Hey, love, come on, what is it?”
He was blessed, truly blessed, that his designated bedroom had its own washroom. His previous servant quarters did not have the luxury and he’d have to use one down a narrow hallway that others that had been employed used as well. Getting warm showers or quick access to the toiletries was rare. Now that he was the last to remain under Pierce, and this man had some advanced plumbing, Steve could have showers whenever he had time.
Tony had to admit, the thing had some spunk.
Instantly, Steve’s fingers trailed up Tony’s toned arms, gently going down and moved to the dip of his hips, pushing at his shirt to get at his abs. He tugged at his pants, desperate, and ready for their clothing to be removed so Tony could do all that he was promising.
“This…that, all of it. You constantly touch me, give me names, you’re letting me stay in your home, you’ve paid for all my medical bills…just, this is a whole lot. Too much. I don't know how to repay you...I mean, I don't think I could. And I appreciate it, so much." He quickly explained, afraid he sounded ungrateful. "But, why do you do it?”
“Mine,” Tony hissed. “Going to make sure you understand it. Going to brand you with bruises…fill you up with my cum. You’re going to cry like a perfect slut. Fuck,” and then he began to thrust and Steve’s mouth fell open, gasping painfully as Tony just
“Bastard.” Of all the people to lecture about being patient…what a laugh. Growling, Steve pulled Tony close, giving him a filthy kiss and decided to play by his game and see who really went insane first. Dirty talking and these desires of Tony were new to Steve, but he was very good at following his instincts and reading exactly what Tony wanted. He won’t take this domination from Tony, not by a long shot. But by god, he was going to make the genius
“Oh,” Steve tossed his head to the side. “Oh…oh god…”
“Steve,”
"Look, Cap, let me stop you right there." Tony had that tense tone, his voice rough and sarcastic. Full of hurt and anger. "You're the one who approached me about this; wanting to try and be all team-friendly again. And hey, look at me, I’m allowing it. I can forgive well enough," which sounded like a lie with how harsh his words were thrown out, "but not forget. I am now very aware you can be a hypocrite, you can be a liar, and you don't always do what you say. I am not just letting you in, trying to open me up to something, before I get something in return."
“Not yet.”
“You bitch.” He grumbled, whining some more when she kicked him, and went back to Steve’s side looking for pity. “Steeeeve! She stole my food you made just for me!”
Steve, how fragile you are from the get-go. How old you were pretending to be, how unbreakable, when you were so damn terrified and needed someone. You looked at me in hope and I rejected you…and I did it again and again and again.” Tony pressed his head against the skin. “I am so sorry.”
?" Clint sneered. "Yeah, right, good one. Even I would get slaughtered and we have Budapest in our history. And a love-child-chicken. Even that doesn't defeat Steve."
“Ugh! I’m trying to woo you here, babe!” Tony threw his hands up in frustration.
“No stopping, no apologies, no mercy. I just go at you and make you suffer.”
“God, if I wasn’t so in love with Steve I’d be so turned on by your smarts. I’ll bring it up with Clint later. See if his sister is up to adding another animal to their farm. Kids do need more than goats and chickens.”
“The comics apparently really over-exaggerated his muscles and chiseled, manly features.” Pepper noted from the doorway. “Even Howard’s black and whites of him, while outstanding for the time, didn’t do him justice. He was frozen before he saw the age twenty-seven.”
.’ Steve thought before the stars took over his vision and he tilted his head back to let Tony do whatever he wanted with him. He’d never been kissed like this before. He always thought his first intense one would be clumsy and awkward but Tony apparently did not know how to be either with his mouth.
Steve walked around the open hallway, eyes upon the simple photographs like he was at a museum. Each one was special, Steve could tell, but there were some that really spoke volumes on what Tony valued.
He smirked. “Not buying it. If I didn’t know you so well I’d think you were seducing me. Which I’m not against falling back in bed with you but I can’t help but feel like I’m being used. CEO sleeping with owner of Stark Industries and current mad-ruler of the world, again, is such a great publicity.”
“You can’t have that power.” Tony huffed.
“Sam Wilson, sir. He has been a strong supporter of you for some time. He was also one of the best air-pilots of your winged system before he was honorably discharged. He has actually made many applications to join the Avengers. He works at a veteran facility and has stunning reviews and recommendations on the work he does for them, both physically and mentally.”
“Yes.”
“Yes.” Howard nodded solemnly, his eyes not leaving the photo.
“Hey, Tony.”
“He sent you on me, did he?”
“Y-Yes. Please…please. I want your babies. Please.” Steve was so close to sobbing. “Fill me up, make me swell like you want...please put a baby in me.”
One picture was a group with Tony in the middle. There was the kind woman Steve had only briefly met, Pepper Potts, and Happy Hogan, looking far friendly than he did in the office a few days prior, a cute little robot on the end, and a selection of men and women Steve had yet to meet but figured he would eventually as he got the hint these were the people who lived within the home.
“To the best of my ability…which isn’t a lot.” Steve said with an apologetic tone and sheepish grin. “This really sparked my interest. A haunted manor with an unusual, mysterious past…a whole town refusing to give any information about it…from my perspective, you’d have to see it would be hard to not be curious.”
“What is it, Barton?”
Oh…holy crap.
He looked down and smiled, reaching down to scoop her up, “What is it, princess?”
Steve could not help but smile a bit. This Tony…was something else. He couldn’t get a proper read of him, and he had no respect for personal space, but he seemed like a kind man.
Steve nodded and tried not to let his teeth to begin chattering.
“Yeah, I am. Good shot.” She jumped up, touching her eye. It was incredibly tender. His hit had been perfect. She’d probably have a broken cheek if she hadn’t caught it. “Really good shot. Nice thinking in hitting me when down.”
“I knew you were better.” Tony said, surprising himself when he sounded a little panicked. “Just that you were still…normal.”
“It’s an abomination.” She clicked her tongue at him.
“Babe, you were a virgin about twenty-four hours ago. You haven’t done this before. Give yourself a break.”
“Because I like it…you feel perfect under me.” And then he moved in such a sinful way that made Steve gasp, starring at him with wide eyes. “Oh…yes, I like that a lot.”
Steve quickly looked away, gulping.
Tony licked Steve’s chin, “I can’t have you suffer when you took such good care of me.”
A tingle of interest started but Steve tried to scratch it out of his chest. He could feel his book rubbing against his fingers, pressed protectively in his jacket, and thought it best that Sam did not see it and know of his interests in horror and fairies. “I struggle to believe a house could be an issue.”
He did as told.
Bruce was very relieved. “I’ll stay in the compound and if I can’t make enough headway to your liking I can always travel with the Tesseract and Thor back to Asgard. My studies would be more controlled with Odin’s eyes around but it wouldn’t cause the worst delay.”
“I’m not getting your face tattooed on me.”
“Oooh, babe, are you actually offering me a bJ?”
Steve snorted over his laughter and that earned a stronger smile from her.
“Then I’ll be off after the festivities tonight. I have little doubt it will progress swiftly. Father does enjoy your company.” Thor grinned.
“Regardless. You do need to consider what Mr. Wilson suggested. I think it will be good for you as well. You’ve rarely left the Tower. And besides the party you haven’t done anything fun since your campaign started. A night out would be good for you."
“You say my name so prettily.”
“Bossy sub. I am going to have so much fun breaking that spirit.” Tony gave a playful growl against Steve’s neck and provided a nip. “That’s not how it works now. You don’t tell me what to do here.”
“Fury said you did that to a lot of people.” Steve muttered, his ears burning. “I thought you were just…testing me to see if I was worth being your leader. You were flirting with Bruce.”
“Oh, my poor baby.” Tony pushed his free hand through Steve’s hair, tugging. It was so disappointing that the young man was unconscious and could not respond. His father had wrote notes, supposedly for teasing and scientific purposes but Tony knew better, that Steve reacted to hair touching.
There was something cute about that. Something so sweet...but he was a liar. He did wrong. Steve was bad. He needed a punishment. Make him good again. Clean him from the filth the world covered him in. His sweet, sweet Steve.
“Fuck, you’re cute.” His grin grew back. “Will you blush if I talk dirty? Let me try: Sex.” He instantly burst out laughing at Steve’s reaction and face. “You
“In your…” Steve looked down at the suit, “in this?”
“Of course I wasn’t thinking of it. Who would ever think to wax a man who transforms into a deadly, uncontrollable beast from the slightest bit of emotional turmoil? Not me, that’s for sure.” Tony turned back to Barton and gave him a tilt of the brow to say they’d continue the idea later. “I take it you called me for something important though?”
“He had you a long time.”
Tony ground his hips roughly against Steve’s refusing to release his lover until his jaw began to ache. He started to focus on thrusting against Steve whose head was thrashing back and forth, his expression showing something close to pain. It was such beautiful suffering.
. And besides, my way sounds more refined.” Tony teased and bit at Steve’s ear. “And to answer your question, statistically it’s at one-hundred-percent since it’s already happened.” Now, Tony bit at Steve’s shoulder when he was nudged threateningly for being a wise-ass. “Just giving you the honest reaction of a scientist babe.”
It was hard to imagine it ever getting better…
"So, this is an Avengers tattoo?" Clint asked, looking it up and down. "Officially?"
“Fuck,” Tony snarled, pushing Steve’s face down, so his nose was about to touch his lower stomach, and released himself down his captain’s throat. “Oh…oh, hell yes, babe…take it all down.
“Not like what the others get. Something special. Something meant just for you, my dear, dear heart.”
Damn his lust for dark-haired, cocky men.
"Nat," Tony tilted his head to look at the spy at his side, "of course, already knows her job.I want you ready by the time we get to Thursday. Not just with the names. You’re going to be in charge of the…sessions.” He smiled. “I’d like you to put on a show that evening. As you know we’re going to record it for any future disputes.”
“It took
“Fine, fine,” Tony went back to laughing, pulling Steve’s hands away. “Come on, let me see your face…it must be fantastic…ah, there we go.” His grin was devilish. “Yeah, cute. Your face is so red.”
“Wha…what?” Tony breathed.
Presently, for example, Steve was getting dressed in something other than pajamas to meet with a man named Sam to discuss a mentorship. This Sam character took part in a more recent war and knew how to help soldiers returning home and feeling lost.
“Or,” Steve started and sounded hopeful. “How about a run outside?”
“You are a smart one.” She smirked. “Very smart. At least seven.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve took another look at the home. Terror of a curse was small in comparison to the unknown, the loneliness, and the expectation of pain. This house, this place, could provide him something new but he was not ignorant enough to expect change instantly.
"Back in 2012?"
Steve covered his face and sighed but he had a smile on his face. “Don’t you think it’s a bit dangerous to tease me? I’m pretty sure I can break bones.”
These men were always at his side, ready to provide some help in their own way and not allow him to get sucked into that internal hole and break.
It went silent again save for the humming of the tattooing machine. He looked down himself, eyeing the long pattern of dates that started under his left pec, hovering about an inch below the nipples, starting with two of some of the most important numbers, and trailed down in a steady, thick line of numbers about three inches thick with three set of dates on each line.
Steve could not help but hug the sketchbook to his chest. He wasn’t aware that he was rocking back and forth. It broke Tony’s heart. One he could have sworn had withered to a burnt core before he was twenty.
Natasha just flipped him off. “No.”
It wasn’t opened.
Steve really, really should care more about that.
She had him taken down after his first swing and if he hadn’t been aware of how drastically he was overestimating his healing properties he would’ve been kneed in the jaw so hard it probably would’ve broken.
"Cause."
“You’re far too light. I just want to make sure you don’t faint from getting your first taste of food.”
Steve was red face, avoiding eye contact with the multiple people grinning from the entrance of the elevator.
Tony coughed and looked him up and down as if seeing him for the first time. "Hundreds of components. You have…that many?
“In my defense, he was being a stubborn idiot who was not taking his health seriously.”
“The universe is rarely so lazy.” Tony countered. “I live in this world, the other, and in-between…I know how humans like to romanticize fate but it does exist. And fate, without doubt, brought you to me.”
“And that’s fun?”
“Yes, thank you for screaming this out for the world to hear, Barton.” Tony snapped and simultaneously puffed out his chest.
Keeping his noise under control, Steve nodded frantically. He was ready to agree to anything.
Tony, panting from their spar, just threw the blond a flirty grin. "Maybe I don't want to damage that little ego of yours, Cap. Ever think of that?"
Perhaps he should find something creepy about the attic right at his feet…but he’d rather have it than a basement. There was one of those too, but it was much smaller than the house and the access to it was boarded up. Pierce figured it was a wine cellar of sorts and was eager to find a way in but agreed bedroom fixings came first.
Now Thanos had to laugh, “A good and stubborn one. You chose very well.”
“Can’t help that I’m the favorite.” Tony came up and gave his husband a kiss.
Tony could blame no one else for her sweet tooth except himself. He still had a bad tendency of sneaking out to get himself, and his princess, donuts when Steve wasn’t looking. “Veggies are good for you.”
“Of course, love. You didn’t think
“Fuck. Well,” he licked his lips, dropping the shirt he was about to put on and approached his sleeping man, “I tried.”
“I’ll be ok.” Steve said with a smile. “I’ve been carrying this for a while. I’ll be fine.”
That could come tomorrow, he decided as he watched his family continue nag and joke around with each other. He’ll speak to Thor on some new torture methods. Maybe one of those pesky senators could become a nice little guinea pig for Bruce’s new project concerning radiation and the use of them in personal size weapons. It would be nice to see more side-affects on the human skin and tissue when used. It was not something they plan on selling or using often, but the concept of it sounded just too tempting for the scientists to ignore. Maybe that little worm Ross, who had tried so many underhanded techniques to get Bruce under the scalpel…maybe that would be enough to get the typically timid man a little more interested in the darker side of the work.
“Can’t get drunk.”
Still…
“So,” He flexed his hands but Tony’s pressure on his body remained firm, “then what?”
Steve plucked it from his hand and stared at the artistic piece. "Oh."
Damn my need for Dark!Tony with Sweet!Steve…and how there are simply not enough out there so I have to make my own. Ugh…not fair. And the stupid plot-bunnies need to stay away so I can get something complete!
Natasha shook his hand right back. ‘You poor thing.  You never had a chance against him, did you?”
“I’ve been kissed before.” Steve grumped out, not pleased with the teasing.
“You’re studying it?” Steve pulled back, horrified. “That…that thing should be lost to the bottom of the ocean.”
“Anthony.” Steve repeated. It was a strong name but did not sound exactly threatening. No foreboding chill rushed through his body. He felt rather normal, if warmed, at the name. Apparently, the first name was not cursed.
Steve paled and swallowed thickly, looking over to see Tony pausing at the entry to the open kitchen. The dark-haired man stared at the group, his eyes narrowing and mouth pulled into a frown when his dark eyes locked with Steve’s.
“And you. Desperately.”
“At one time. Russian.”
“N-no!” Steve shook his head frantically. “Just…that you did it out of frustration or…or something.”
The wood planks under his feet squeaked unpleasantly.
“Congrats, you have a fever.” She continued, her voice strained. “You’ve lost twenty pounds—not good for you since your metabolism burns too much too fast. And this was in two weeks.” She gently touched his side, “It is showing. After you rest you need to eat.”
“You cooked?” Tony asked, feeling rather dumbfounded.
Maria pouted and instantly the tears disappeared.
"I want you to drop this shield you have. This," Tony's nose scrunched up, "god, you have more armor around you than I do in my suit. Drop it or get out."
“Yes, he will. He’s a fighter.” The other man shrugged, “So why not let him?”
“Ross would probably break the mood fast.” Steve said with an impish grin.
“I guess not.” Tony still felt petty. He wanted those damned cards.
“Wow.”
And like it normally happened a few times throughout the day, Steve’s face was consumed in red.
Sam’s throat felt itchy as he said, “In this case, I have to disagree. You’ve talked with him. You know how smart he is. He’s going to figure things out and his trust is delicate. Don’t break it.”
Steve whimpered, “I-I guess you need to check and find out.”
Steve moaned at the wake-up, blinking himself awake to see Tony looking at him with a very familiar expression. “T-Tony…”
“So,” Tony started slowly, as if battling with something himself, “what were you showing everyone that got Big Bird choking?”
She nodded and then looked at him, "I want one."
He really needed to get back on top of people fearing him. Well, maybe it was time to make another public move to ensure the world did not forget that the name Anthony Stark was something to be respected.
“All perspective.” Tony shrugged. “I find I am quite better off now. Hard to deny,” in fluid motion he threw the dagger at Thor’s face; he tilted a brow when the god tilted his head to the side and allowed the weapon to get embedded in the wall behind him. “Catching it would’ve been cooler. Would’ve kept the wall pristine.”
“Of course. Though, may I ask why you allowed Mr. Wilson to see Steve so soon?”
“Nu-uh, I need you to be at
“Yeah,” Bruce nodded. “Was there nothing in SHIELD files?”
Tony nearly absentmindedly raised his hand.
“What does that mean?” At the term his barrier started to crawl up. People had tried to force him to do things for far too long.
what you’re focused on? The improbable stats?” Tony asked, baffled. “Not a living god, a man who turns green, or a guy that has made…” he motioned around at his lab, “this?”
“While you’re laying down?”
Tony only needed a few more powerful, deep thrusts and he stilled, arching deep into Steve, and released himself. He groaned out Steve’s name as he kept Steve’s hips up so more of his semen stayed in place. With how hard it hit him and how much came out, if Steve had the ability to get pregnant there was little doubt he would’ve been carrying a child after that.
Apparently, the move has brought them back.
Steve came in to make a brief acquaintance and to make sure he knew the routine to pick up the Pierce’s mail. It was possible things were not quite yet settled legally, so he’d need to be familiar with the mail-system in the town.
“Holy fucking shit.” Tony continued to laugh.
Surprisingly, there were some pictures of himself; some during his time in the army, one during one of his USO tours, and one of him smiling sheepishly to the camera surrounded by the Commandos.
Steve groaned, his tension escaping him as he fell back into the pillow, gasping. “Tony…”
“Looks like a lot is up to you, big guy.” He noted to the blond. “This all acceptable for you?”
Natasha just hiccupped, her breath smelling like garlic and tomatoes, “Make sure Clint’s have loads of cilantro.”
Steve could not see his eyes, they were hidden by circular dark glasses that had a demonic red shade to them, but he could feel them burning at his paler skin. The man’s lips were twisted into hungry smirk.
“Going to wait until later to hear the whole list?” Steve grinned.
“The people who usually call on me are not interested in society’s standards of politeness.”
“I am sure I’ll wake up. Have to.” He rubbed his face. “You’re more than welcome to join me up in the attic?”
here. They were going to meet him sooner than later. Probably best not to surprise them with what they, primarily the party here now,” she gave a pointed look to Clint, “may believe is a zombie.”
“He is.”
"You got it dude!" She gave him a thumbs up which he returned. He watched as she went down the stairs, taking one at a time, before he went into the bedroom at the end of the hall where the door was plastered with bunnies, next to the one painted with flowers and dragons--Morgan was in a fairy-tale stage.
“Thanks?” Steve tried not to step back as he drew closer. His knees quivered but he kept his blue eyes forward and now, up close, he could see the true eyes behind the glasses.
Steve, slowly, squeezed Tony’s hand back.
“Yeah, it was a surprise.” Steve shrugged, remembering a few weeks back when Tony’s very talented mouth decided to say some deliciously inappropriate things that made Steve hit an orgasm out of no where. “But I clearly liked it.”
Possibly may have to up the Rating later. Unsure as of now! But I hope this is enjoyed!!
…for what?”
“Lovely speech. I always enjoy the reminder of how amazing I am. But you’re still not getting the mead until the actual party.” Tony warned and waved a scolding finger. “Which isn’t until," he now dramatically checked his watch, "a few more hours. And I best not see you down some of that thousand-year brain killer until we
“You wish to make sure he avoids news feeds. He is not to see any outside source about you until he trusts you.”
Steve blushed ad looked away, “And this morning, yes.”
“Children,” Bruce sighed. “Let’s try to focus on plans, hm? We’ve had a long day of work and about to have a long night of partying.” His droning voice made it very clear he was not looking forward to that. Clearly, being a ruler did nothing for his lack of a desire for a social-life. Nerd. “I’d appreciate getting all of this done.”
He also had a bad tendency of breaking things he touch…with terrible consequences.
“It’s not--”
"Papa says breakfast is ready." She said in that matter of fact tone she learned from Steve. "We need to come down."
“And getting a good night’s sleep--”
Steve flicked his forehead. “Stop ruining the romance.”
He was reaching that crash and with the pace of Tony’s thrusts picking up, he knew the same could be said for him.
?” He huffed out the name, still not pleased with how Steve had said it before. “And you’re not Steve’s Josh. You’re ours. Steve can’t have anyone on his own.”
Steve shrugged and handed him a plate of fried eggs, hash, and toast. “I guess I slept so much as a child when I was ill that I grew restless. Then when I was slightly healthier and could study I needed to do so real early or real late so I could pick up odd-jobs to help with bills. Then the army trained me to be an early riser. Then the serum happened which gave me far too much energy.”
Tony shrugged. “Firmness and mercy looks good. And the other?”
“I think he’s choking.” Tony finally said as he crunched into his own cookie.
Sam, too, did not seem to enjoy the presences of the homestead, although his appeared something deeper than simple discomfort. His eyes darted around, doing their best to avoid staring upon the property for long. His gloved fingers clenched the reins tightly and he mumbled under his breath in a familiar prayer.
“You were there too.”
“Excellent guess.” He made his way forward, the floorboards making no sound as he approached. “You’re a bright one, dear heart. I don’t see many of those anymore.” He sighed overdramatically. “It seems I always attract the idiots. The
Tony, his eyes trained hungrily on the sight, slowly dropped to his knees, ignoring Steve’s startled attempts to keep him standing. He gripped the hips, keeping the image before him in awe. “You…did this to yourself…you branded yourself.”
“You’ve lost your child, as I have.” Thanos’ tone was sympathetic and Tony lurched for him, snarling. The binds cut into his exposed skin but he didn’t care as all he wanted to do was rip at the grape’s juglar and end him in the most barbaric, hurtful way possible.
Natasha nodded and stuffed some more food in her cheeks. Her pretty face was smeared with marinara sauce. The red made something about her frightening. He had a feeling she could destroy him with the fork in her hands. It was time to stop, he realized. He wasn’t going to get details until Tony gave the approval.
“To be fair, there has not been much study on it--”
“Steven,” Pierce snapped his fingers and Steve hurried to his side. “Here, pay the man and hurry up. The chill is growing and there is much to do before we can take any sort of rest,” the way his lip curled made it seem like he believed no rest will take place, “for the night.”
Steve was going to vomit.
“Then we won’t speak of it again, Sam. I apologize how upsetting this is to you. But I do thank you for letting me know. I don’t know if Pierce knows of this but I will not speak of it to you again.”
His blue eyes flipped the page to find the prints for the second story and then went to the third—his level.
Gulping, his throat feeling dried, and his skin itched something fierce. He was in the dark, struggling to see anything that Tony refused to let him see. There was so much more going on but what was it? What did any of it mean?
“This is who I am.” Tony continued and approached Steve in a movement that could only be read as predatory.
“I’m simple.” Steve confessed. “And a little dense, sure. It does make it a little easier for people to overlook that I’m not stupid.”
Too late for that but Josh appreciated Steve trying to keep him safe.
"A transfusion machine. Perhaps we could even call it one of transformation, to be hopeful of its ability."
“Tell me, Steven,” Pierce ordered, snapping his napkin in the air before pressing it gently on his lap. “What is it that took up so much of your time today?”
“Now, I did my part so no one can be mad at me.”
Moss and vines were crawling over it, with weeds sprouting up from a long forgotten garden. Perhaps only two hundred feet from its backside lay a forest. The trees swayed and creaked from the breeze and many of them were naked for the winter, without any leaves or foliage. Even so, Steve could not make out much within it. It was thick and dark.
"We don't need two moronic bulks like you rattling the whole Tower. Sit your fine thighs down and shut-up."
Not how it was when he left it. He had left it wide open with the full intention on getting in as much clean air and rid of as much dust as possible. Now the panes were narrowed back together, almost touching, letting in just a bit of the chill.
She nodded and he wasn’t sure there was any interest left. He awkwardly cleared his throat and waved the papers up. “I’ll put these back up before I leave. Thank you again, ma’am.”
With another snap the tattered clothes disappeared and his followers came back in, heads low.
Steve did.
Wiping both of their mouths, he checked Steve’s skin, sighing in relief to feel it at a relatively normal temperature and not the fire that he was dying from when Tony first arrived.
“I thought you said you’d never sleep with someone with my amazing looks.” Tony smirked.
“They don’t even bring the mail to us?” Zemo rolled his eyes. “This whole place is backwards.”
The man rubbed the back of his head, also looking a little awkward himself. “Hi, I’m Bruce Banner.”
was your responsibility, that everything was your fault. I helped make you turn into this closed off mess.”
Tony pouted, “Not romantic enough? You are quite a gentle one…perhaps this,” he maneuvered his hips roughly against Steve again, “was too forward?”
Tony looked down longingly at Steve’s firm stomach that was covered from his release, “Too bad.”
Of course he had expected, hoped, that their discussion would lead into some sexy times…but he really wanted to get the conversation over and avoid interruptions and god, Steve felt so good.
“At my pace.” Tony warned, placing pressure on Steve’s hips. “Not yours.”
"If you ever need me, I'll be there."
Josh said he was never offended by clients who did so, but Steve always liked to hear the hum of the machines and be able to share conversation when it didn't interrupt the artist. Podcasts and music was fine and all, but it made his head feel too full and he found it too easy to drift into hyper focus on each individual number being scratched into his skin.
Truly, that felt the most likely as what sort of ghost would sound like
Rubbing the back of his neck, he maneuvered it around as the headache continued to bother him. ‘It’s still early in the move and I am working quite a bit but, really, I thought I was supposed to get a better reaction to clean air.’
He felt ok enough.
He had to talk to him about this before his fragile control snapped.
“We’re still a bit new.” Bruce continued to try, his cheeks incredibly red.
tattoo artist?"
“You de-aged me!?” Tony hated the way his voice sounded.
Tony went back to kissing him, pumping his tongue in and out past the pink lips. He shoved his cock up against Steve’s, reaching down to hold them together in his large hand, and began to rut.
“Steve.” Natasha huffed, snapping him to attention. She pointed after the handsome man. “Go. Now.”
For the first time in a long time a singular, important person needed him. And, God, how he did not want to fail him.
Tony quickly kissed him before he could release a sound of pure rage. He wanted to kill, he wanted to rip something apart and make someone else feel the pain his captain felt.
“As long as I get to the birthday party I’m all good.” Clint, who had grown bored at the mention of adulting, was twirling an arrow around his fingers.
The librarian’s desk was near the stairs and another woman was there, reading as well, with an oil-lamp near by. She had sharp features and fiery red-hair. There was something intimidating about her, more so than Wanda, and it took a moment for Steve to find strength in himself to make a greeting.
Where was he, again?
“What about the Shields?” He remembered something had happened but he thought it had just been something sad but mundane. Was it something else? Did that mean Pierce knew about the tales and rumors? The bleak history?
It was a black and white photo in Howard’s office, on the desk, at a close distance where he could grab whenever his mind drifted from work. Tony had caught his father looking at it often, with an expression he could never quite place, and finally the child’s frantic, curious mind needed to know what was in the frame and why it was so special.
Howard huffed, “I told you that those comics were moronic and false. That was not Steve. They made him look like that to brainwash gullible kids like you. This,” his finger pointed over the blond, the touch tender, “is the real Captain America.”
His cheeks painfully red, Steve did as told and slowly dropped his pants and avoided Tony’s hungry and eager grin. “Oh. Commando…were you planning all of this you little, fucking tease?”
Tony just stuck his tongue out.
He had no chance against those two dangerous powerhouses. At this point they were probably ready to knock him out as much as Nat.
“Up until a few weeks. People were fearful what may have happened so they came to find him.”
“Doing what?” Tony hummed as he looked at Steve with heavy eyes. He made no move to put his shirt back on.
"My son," Thanos voice broke over the quiet room, vibrating the walls with an unspoken demand. "It is time."
The blond tried to take a step back. “It’s a pretty common and boring name.”
“Well, just because you asked oh so prettily.” A low voice purred against his ear. “Sleep, little one.”
“Hearing you all say my name is not nearly as thrilling as it is when my bride says it. You all are making it so repetitive. Let’s keep it to Stark.” At their hurt and surprised look he huffed, “
“You didn’t,” Steve made a subtle move to step away but stilled again when Tony’s grip tightened and a warning noise escaped his throat, “you didn’t do anything.”
This time the laughter from Tony sounded a bit warmer, just a bit, "No promises."
The boy responded instantly, despite for sure being in class, with:
Steve shuddered. That had been a very different nightmare. He could’ve sworn he had been fully awake at the time. Swore he could feel the lips and words up against his skin. Something grainy in feel, like the texture of a beard, had grazed against Steve.
Unconscious, Steve choked at first, not expecting it—but after the second helping, the young man’s starving body took what Tony offered him naturally.
“For the greater good.”
“This…ok, look…I am always up for showing off what I am good at. As you know,” his finger seductively trailed up the jeans covering Steve’s thighs. “I feel like I made that point very clear last night.”
“Unfortunately, not sir. He isn’t aware either.  He predicts he’ll be late.”
Tony yelped, jumping back and holding his face, stunned. “Wha…?”
Sam nodded slowly, “Yes, I think that is something I can do for you.”
It was difficult to keep his shoulders straight. Although he fought the temptation most times, some days Steve found himself opening up to Zemo in hopes of some form of a friend and support, to have his voice heard rather than echo emptily about. Most days, he found himself able to handle the loneliness and how his existences was built simply around work or venting, but some days he just wanted a bit more human contact. It always ended up burning him in the end.
“I think you will see reason, where she didn’t.” Thanos continued in that calm voice as if nothing affected him. “I went about Gamora the wrong way. It will be different with you. Now that I have all the stones…I can do this right.”
“What? As you said, I’m hiring him. I am just telling him what I am hiring him for.”
"My love..." Tony said, his voice dropping and his eyes glazing over.
He wasn’t ready to let Steve know everything, not yet, but soon…
Beautiful Tony.
His friends looked visibly ill.
“He’s not a zombie. He never died.” Tony grouched. “We,” Pepper cleared her throat, “I mean my wonderful Pepper, and Pepper only, here found…she found,” it sounded so unusual coming out his lips to a stranger. It was still to fantastical and delicate.
Steve made a small choking sound, trying to relax and not get too eager, as he allowed his mouth to pull off and begin to try and follow his instincts of what to do. It felt awkward but relatively pleasant. He enjoyed the sounds Tony made as he experimented with his lips and tongue.
“Steve,” Tony leveled him with a pitiful look. “I’ve wanted to fuck you senseless since we first met.”
Finally found some plot in the dark fluff! Steve is a bit of a difficult character at times. I picture him here a bit more like how he was in First Avenger and Tony healing him despite his manipulative ways. He'll still show his attitude soon enough. I was tempted to not have any romance start yet but, dang it, it just was taking too long and I needed it.
His smile was sharp as he finished up his well-earned whiskey.
"I could probably write a book so thick it would make Victor Hugo weep about self-hate. This," Tony continued to touch and trail around the ink, stroking the skin with tenderness that made Steve want to recoil and hide from. "Is self-hate at its finest."
Pepper rolled her eyes and gave him a playful slug. “You wish. Now, your confidence boosted enough?" She did not wait for an answer. "Good. Go in there and see him. Besides, he’s non-refundable.”
“I’m going to fuck you on every surface in this Tower anyway. Why not get the lab out of the way?” Tony purred, nipping at Steve’s lip.
Steve did.
Steve said nothing and waited for him to speak up.  He would flinch back if Tony tried to get closer again and he internally groaned. What a man. What an infuriating amazing man. He just woke up in the twenty-first century, was alone and confused, and yet he was more focused on his final mission than anything else. Did he not want to think of something else? Mourn? Cry?  Just be selfish?
“His mouth was thinner than yours too. I see her smile on you more so than Howard’s though I can say you got some wildness from the both of them. Her nose too,” Steve tilted his head as he studied the picture and the soft curves of the woman’s face. “Looks identical to yours actually. Got her ears too.”
“You’re pushing me to locking you up, Steve.” The faux-blond woman snarled. It was odd to not hear her tone calm and in control. “Thor and Carol are both outside, ready to jump in on my word to drag your ass, kicking or unconscious, to whatever holding cell available.”
Tony was thirteen when he realized he liked Captain America a little too much.
Steve paused as he finally regarded what Sam said. “Touch-starved?”
“And he’d be a soldier if he were to join the Avengers?”
Steve blinked once, twice, and then went, “Uh…what?”
Meandering around, Steve decided to fill up some free time before Tony’s departure by exploring. The household filled up roughly four-stories of space, not including the gym. Smaller apartments filled up other floors and that were in use but the occupants were not presently in. Apparently, they were very good friends of Tony’s and acted as business partners within a certain sector of Stark Industries.
A shy smile passed over his features as he made his way to the end of the massive space. Spinning around, he looked over the distant he made and frowned.
“Steve.” He said before he could stop himself. Giving this man his name did not seem like the smartest decision. He bit his lip to prevent the release of his last name. Something told him that was not something he should do.
“Give me a baby.” Tony ordered. “Give me a fucking baby, Steve.”
Tony wanted to be pissed off.
Steve blushed, Tony could tell as he tilted his head in a certain way and peeked out from under his lashes. “You really need to stop flirting. What will your future wife say?”
“T-Tony?” Steve couldn’t help but practically meep. What was the man talking about? What cabin and what babies? “I don’t--”
He beamed and most everyone in the room melted.
“Peter is already practically our son. And if we find a boy that just speaks to us, of course we’ll take him home…but I dunno…even I can say we have enough testosterone in our life. I’d like a little princess.”
Tony, still practically hissing like a feral cat, glared hotly at the god. “No.”
“Clint…his whole family. His wife…his children.” Steve could barely put together words.
“Noft emabt if.” Clint choked around the mass in his mouth.
“Yeah?” Steve pulled back in disbelief and sniffled. Nearly. He was so close to cracking but he refused to do that. “Really?”
Steve groaned and covered his face. “We’ve just met!”
“Yes,” Steve groaned. “And we can plan this out
“Don’t start humping him while I’m in the room.” Pepper warned.
“Howard was goofy and rambunctious, at least the man I got to meet,” he threw the man, his boyfriend, an apologetic look, “which I see in you often. But he was more hard-lines. Even with his growing wealth he was still thin like so many of us. You got bulk.”
“I want to decide what you do, where you go, what you eat, who you talk to…I want to control all of it.”
"When the hell did you start?"
Pickled plum didn't know or understand the half of it. He didn't see there was so much more to Steve than a science experiment.
By the time he was eleven, Tony had an impressive Captain America collection. He would watch the films weekly. He would obsessively ask Howard for more stories and more pictures, just more, and for the most part Howard never grew tired of it. Maria was concerned, as Tony could become fixated on a project, but found that the goodness of Captain America worked in her favor.
Thanos pulled up his ruined hand, still melted into the Infinity Gauntlet, "This will also be in affect. What better way for you to use the stones with some of their power already flowing through you? You have a chance of using them without such intense consequences as I faced this way."
The train continued along, taking him away from city life and everything familiar. It felt like it was losing last little bit that he could say was his and comfortable. There would be no more sounds and smells of New York. Instead of thousands of vibrant characters filling cobblestoned streets and seaports, there would be dense woods crackling with too much nothing. No brownstones casting looming shadows. No fish markets. No more walks down familiar alleys. No mother.
“M-Mama?” He paused and blinked. No, that was not right. Ma had been dead for some time. He was an adult now. He was a soldier and no longer sickly. He was on a mission, yes, and Peggy was crying and the ocean was getting so close and it was dark…
Tony turned to his new sister, “Don’t tell me you’re jealous.”
“Bruce suffered from an experiment gone wrong and now when he gets supremely angry he literally turns into a ten-foot tall bulking monster with green skin and little control over a violence tick.”
The relief was instantaneous and Sam filled him in on everything Steve could find in his new home.
"Still,
“Again, time-jumped seventy-years.”
“Oh? So you’d be willing to give them
Tony rewarded Steve by running his fingers up and down his spine for a moment. “What has you so red faced, I mean, besides the obvious.” Tony promptly grabbed a handful of Steve’s backside and squeezed. Steve rewarded him back with a glare.
“A guy like that is not going to just be done with it, you know.” He noted. “He is going to need to do something. A goal or job or something. He thinks too much and has far too much energy and is very used to fighting and earning everything he gets. I don’t think he, or even you, can turn that off.”
“Good.” Tony nodded with a warm smile as he watched as Steve’s speed began to pick up and he was then flying. He could watch his Steve move and run at any time. It was graceful and powerful. Beautiful even. It also helped that his chest bounced in such a way that left Tony salivating. “Have you clocked him?”
“That’s the fucking point. I did nothing.”
“No, Thor.” Tony hissed, as if understanding what was about to happen. “You’re to stay five feet away at all times.”
“Is that so?” Tony tilted his head. “I suppose you are used to fooling those around you, for your own survival of course, can’t be so beautiful and smart. Risk getting,” his leg pressed in between Steve’s and hoisted him up easily,  “caught.”
Tony’s fingers pulled away from his shoulders and found themselves up Steve’s cotton shirt. They skipped across the skin of his stomach a few times before the touch became starved. They remained primarily on his stomach and chest but occasional a fingernail would press against a nipple or the fingertips would get a little too low inside his pants.
Tony gritted his teeth, trying to keep himself under control but was losing it swiftly. A tremble quickly took over his body and his skin was burning and his clothes felt far too heavy…Steve looked divine. Tony could feel himself starting to salivate and he was painfully hard.
“We all know you’d be getting it for yourself.” Natasha continued.
"We begin now." And Thanos transferred the box from his good hand and into the gauntlet and the room shined with light and Tony screeched in agony.
“Of course not.” She poked his nose with a perfectly manicured nail. “You’re learning a lot from Stark.”
He was handsome…lord, was he
He clung tightly, letting Tony go completely wild and relished in the fact that he was on the receiving end of this.
Tony chuckled, “It can still be rejected if they see something in it they do not appreciate.”
“Tony, what are you doing?” His voice was thick.
There was only two pictures of Howard and within both he was part of another group.
“Not quite the truth.” Steve said with a soft smile. “It’s something else, right?”
“You can say obsessive, Jarvis.”
With a quick trip to the bathroom, a splash of water on his face, and his teeth brushed, he came back out feeling rejuvenated.
“I stand corrected.”
“I can’t leave Tony out there. I can’t leave him again.” Steve begged, still refusing to look at his friend.
With a growl, he stood straight, ready for an attack from the shadows. “I am not too interested in games with a figment of my imagination.”
“I have the money to burn.” Tony pointed out. “She’ll have a herd of ponies and an actual castle. We’ll paint the compound pink.”
“Jarvis, you recorded it, right?”
They had talked and soon a dangerous plan grew in his mind and months later, Dr. Yinsen was dead, protecting Tony, and Tony was covered in a metallic monster…slaughtering everyone with a sense of glee.
“Fuck. You.” Clint wheezed. “Thor, buddy, for the love of all that is holy, GET OFF.”
“Brock, really. I know there is no longer a woman present in our lives but even I don’t want to hear such talk about Steven.” Pierce snapped his fingers. “Continue.”
Thor pouted, “Come now, Stark. A beauty like this should not be chained to one lover alone.”
Howard caught him and, for a brief moment, Tony thought the anger would finally unleash and he’d finally hit him. But it passed and then something sad took its place. “You’re not allowed in here.”
“He’s…Thor.”
The man’s face melted at the plea, he nodded and brought them outside. Instantly, Steve was knocked back by the change in temperature and air pressure. Noise overwhelmed his ears and the smell was so different.
“Well, you now have the real thing. I do not believe you need to feel petty about those cards anymore.
Tony gave a kiss to Steve’s plump lips, purring, close to forgetting what they were doing. “You sure you need to see this? It may be better to go back to our room and get you all relaxed for tonight.”
Steve did as told. He always knew how to react to a command. He found it comforting and he clung to it.
“Sweetie, no, no.” Tony hushed and instantly gave another comforting kiss to his Steve. “He did it because he was a bitter man with his own insecurities. He was heartbroken about you, yes, but it was his own fault that he did this. Trust me.” He cupped Steve’s face gently. “It took me some time to realize it myself, but that’s the fact. If you blame yourself for his actions then you might as well blame me too.”
“Guess he had that going for him.” He stared at the group, “I am quite disappointed in the lack of jubilance of my returning safe. Steve was happy to see me.”
Tony felt his stomach light up with something nasty. “Steve?”
He gave her a kiss on the head and brought her downstairs for breakfast.  The windows were open and a breeze from the lake blew in. In a matter of hours their yard would be filled with squeals and smell of burning wood and food as the Avengers came over for a visit and celebration as Peter was in from college.
“Well, practice makes perfect.” Tony kissed him and kicked the blankets off of them, very eager to begin. “I’ll need to try not to bruise you this time.”
I hate being an adult, doing adult things, like working a hateful job that zaps all inspiration, passion, energy, and life out of me. I couldn't even write about lovely Steve and Dark!Tony...ugh...what a bummer.
"STOP IT!" He snarled and the vision quaked, stopping all together as he gave a murderous look to an interested Thanos. "That is not for you to see, you fucker."
“Tony,” Steve whined.
Sam managed to point to a few buildings, waving to an occasional passerby on the street, most all of which gave Steve a curious if perhaps suspicious stare. Despite this, as Steve cold find now fault in curiosity concerning new neighbors, the town was very pleasant. Quite quaint too, as all the houses were small but charming and in strong shape. Most looked familiar to old cottages but there were plenty of new building popping up with the modernized look and with fresh coats of paint. Drastically slow in comparison to New York, but Steve could make do.
“I’m thirty-two, Tony.”
“Looking at him I just can’t believe…how could the geezer put him out there? How could he look at this perfection and not fight to keep him indoors where it was safe?”
“Mhm, next time you get nothing…you’ll take it dry. I want you to hurt.”
Apparently the two of them had gotten together in the past twenty-four hours.
“Best Friend Forever.” Natasha explained, not looking around. “You’ll meet him soon.”
Steve shrugged, “It seems this manor is very famous in the town. Loads of rumors. Was asked twice if we’d seen anything our first night. I wasn’t aware of it till then.”
He covered up his soon-to-be lover, ensuring he was plenty comfortable. He looked at the broth his moronic minions brought in and sighed. “Yeah, should’ve fed you before any of that.”
“Just get to work before father decides he’s run out of control for his temper.”
Instinct told Steve this was really not good.
Tony eagerly followed after, not able to be far away from the perfect man for a few seconds. “Well I created them, love. I can do that…you know you are sleeping with a genius.”
“Apparently I made mine crave stuff she was allergic to…so I made her suffer something bad. Howard too.” Tony laughed. “She took it all out on him.”
He rubbed his face and looked forlornly at his video feed of Steve running laps. Apparently Sam had tried to join in and he was getting lapped embarrassingly. Steve went so far to run backwards as he passed by, again, and Sam flipped him off.
Something sad crossed Tony’s face. “We’ll work on it, love.”
“I do not!”
“Yeah…very, very small bits of technology that I can control. It’s a bit hard to explain…sort of like mind-control. Well, it is mind-control. I have specialized pieces of technology in the top of my spine, connected to brain stem, and in my arc I am able to truly connect with everything I create and can control and…uh, yeah.” Tony gave Steve a crooked grin, “can we say magic?”
“Yes, but just here and there…there is something…” He sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose, “It’s like there is a layer of saran wrap, you know that sticky plastic used to cover bowls of food and other shit, over everything. There is something there…but I just can’t quite make it out.”
And looking at Steve trying to get drunk with his family, Tony knew all the steps were right. He had found that captured good, that wonderful happiness, and had brought it back to the world.
“A ghost hardly seems boring.” Steve huffed. “There are rumors you are a Changeling.”
It was loud with delicious food, plenty of drinks, and beautiful people for all of his loyal followers. There was not a single soul Tony saw that was bored. Even uptight Bruce was laughing over his rum and coke with Rhodey as they shared some boring story about how great they were. Natasha and Clint were in an epic stalemate with darts while the crowd surrounding them kept swelling their egos by rooting and hollering. Clint was starting to sway though so Tony made a mental note to not tread too close lest he earned a dart to his fine ass. Thor was leading his third drinking game of the night. Already four patrons were passed out over a couch or a bar because of him. Tony knew there would be vomit found in some plant the next morning. Hopefully no one died because...yep, Thor was urging for a fourth round. He'd better get that stopped sooner than later for the safety of the public.
Tony hummed and popped up the files of the chosen man. “Hmm, I recognize that gap-tooth smile.”
“Yeah?” It did not sound like he believed it.
Tony pouted, “Now, what on earth could I have done to startle you?”
without ever growing bored of it. The art nearly reduced him to tears.
“You seem to have had some adventures yourself.” Thor noted, his normally jovial face hard and sad. “None, apparently, for the better.”
After a few seconds of walking, Steve found himself in a new location. Although he had been in the tower for a few days, except for the gym and kitchen, Steve had yet to really look around his new home. It was a hallway to the stairs heading to the other levels. So far, Tony had kept him using the elevator as a precaution but Steve had known there were stairs available. It was exciting to see another layer to this palace.
Still standing to the side, waiting for the dining to stop to take the plates and find scraps, Steve swallowed. “I do apologize for the lateness. With the larger order, it just took extra time to put it all together.”
Steve didn’t even pause to ask if she was sure and handed over the god. He grinned when Natasha decided she needed to carry Thor bridal style since she did not have the shoulder for the package.
Steve’s lips parted in surprise. “Wha…Tony, I…sorry, I don’t understand.”
Steve rolled his eyes and pushed the plate closer to his, still what an unusual word, boyfriend. “More eating and less flirting, please.”
"We will distract you, my son. Do not worry. This will go faster than you anticipate. Faster still once you accept it. Once you open yourself up to who you are and what you are meant to become. Once you understand the truth..." He smiled, softly and filled with such dark promises, "you will be reborn."
"What are they? What is..." his eyes honed in on a set of numbers imprinted with a powerful gold and he blinked, his mind rebooting again. "Is that my birthday?"
videos?”
“More,” he begged, his legs around Tony’s waist, god the feel of the jeans added on something even more to the feeling, to urge him on. “More, please. Please Tony. Please.”
Steve gritted his teeth and aggressively pushed his body up and down. Tony perhaps was both the best and worst partner on the healing route. Steve had not faced such overprotectiveness since Bucky. Only Tony felt more overwhelming and powerful. Not to mention the touching and flirting...it just added into the self-disgust and confusion but, God, did Steve want more.
It was a weird sensation but Steve just fit into the group like he had been there from the start.
"Oh." He blinked slowly, his stomach churning.
"Not wise, though." His hallucination admitted with a one-sided shrug.
Some more laughter, softer than before, “True. I must say I am still surprised how well you are handling me.”
"Our babies would never hear that, you disgusting." Tony laughed. "That's bedroom activities only."
Tony cornered him against the wall, pressing Steve close, kissing the life out of the gorgeous younger man.
Steve waved the concern away, “I’ve slept for seventy-years. And you actually have me on a curfew,” he gave Tony an unimpressed glare. “I’ve slept enough.”
“Yes, Bruce is green. Purple for Clint. Red for Natasha…I know you use mostly red in your scheme but,” he shrugged, unsure how to really continue. “I felt gold suited you more.”
There were noises, very familiar ones. Panic laced with confusion. No explosions. No sounds of screaming bullets and crying men, whispering prayers for moms and homes.  Dum Dum, the gentle giant, was struggling to keep his tone positive as another camp had been found and there were so many deaths and…no, no, he wasn’t in the field.
“That I want to see.”
He looked away.
“Excuse me?” He gave a shy smile to the woman. “Sorry to interrupt your reading, but I wanted to ask for some information?”
“Let’s just say things have gotten a little…dirtier since you’ve been asleep. The world has greatly overused its resources and we have trouble brewing if we don’t change things. My team and I have been studying it for its production of power. Power as in for things like clean electricity.” He explained.
Natasha was wonderful. Despite a self-challenge to make him squirm and blush any chance she got, she was an amazing person. Full of hysterical wit that left Steve freely able to laugh and, if for a few moments, to forget there was something not quite right.
"What? I came here with the temptation of a present and now I want it."
The hair on his arms rose and tingled.
“Mhmm, yeah,” Tony purred, still not quite out of…whatever state that was. “So good, so good…yes.”
The gold...the wish...he couldn't have Tony see.
“I thought of you after we parted and how the worlds should remember you and what you tried to achieve. Seeing you still alive after my purpose was completed just made me understand there was more to my destiny than I believed.”
Tony scoffed, “Pretty stupid of them.”
“Now, I get you back to bed where you are going to rest for a few more days. I’m going to answer any questions about society that I can.” Tony lounged on the couch. “I’m going to feed you, make sure you get a hot bath, and entertain you to the best of my ability. Which, you will soon find, is something I excel at. Who knows?” His bare arm nudged Steve gently. “Maybe I’ll get you to even smile and laugh.”
“Show me.”
“Yep.”
To think it was possible to close his eyes after accepting death and then wake up to find himself seventy-years into the future? That this man before him was Howard’s son? That alone almost made the whole story even more impossible because Howard with a child? It was painful and laughable to think of.
Natasha saw through the farce and snorted. “Get your whining out of your system. No one else is going to accept it just cause you’re cute.”
“And it will. But you know,” the older doctor sat down next to him in the cave, their forced experiments around their feet, “sometimes happiness gets lost too and needs someone to find it.”
The dates were standard American form with dots separating the numbers but a small horizontal dash separating each full-date. Most all were done in a thick black save for a few with special colors; purple, red, green, blue, silver, white...gold.
Shaken to his core, Steve hurried out of the dark space and back into the main floor of the homestead, heart pounding.
Tony reached up and wrapped the metal fingers around Steve’s wrist. He leaned over and kissed Steve hungrily, pushing in tongue past lips and teeth, making an animal-like noise of pleasure as he ravished Steve’s mouth. Tony pushed harshly, dominating the moment, and reached behind Steve to cradle his skull delicately. To think, in his suit, he had the power to crush the man without any issue.
‘Stop it.’ He gritted his teeth as the heat and pressure around his eyes started to build up. ‘Crying is not what I should do. It will not change anything.’ Steve took a quick peek at his companions, hoping they did not catch his moment of weakness. ‘Don’t make it worse than it already is. Just stay calm. Please, just stay calm.’
Steve scowled, “That’s wrong.”
“I can’t help that you’re so cute when you get flustered.” Tony purred. “A compliment gets you all squirming. How do I resist?”
“We’ll do this together.”
“Good job.” Tony pulled out his phone, tapped a bit and nodded, “It’s in your account.”
“I mean, yes now…I know I didn’t maul you but I was close.” Tony’s lips twitch, “but I mean…”
“Like I want anything from your employers’ pathetic stash. None of them have any sort of taste. And,” he spun Steve towards him, pressing the smaller man against his side as he wrapped an arm around the small waist. “You’re
It had been, what, two full nights and a day and a half experiencing the supposed haunted home that has an entire village quaking in fear and a history of madness…he was losing his mind a little too quickly for his taste.
“Can’t say thinking about it outside of the sex is that attractive. I don’t know how women do it. Ma apparently could barely walk towards the end of her term with me. Her ankles were so swollen.” He winced in some guilt.
“She, and Pepper, have yet to get over that you
“Mine, mine,” Tony said in a mantra. His fingers digging deep into Steve’s hips as their skin slapped against one another. It made such a memorable sound in their bedroom as the bed squeaked in retaliation of the brutal pace Tony had set. “Mine.”
He pressed his hands under his armpits and took a sharp breath. It blew out of his mouth like steam from the disappearing train.
Men and women tended to their work every day till dusk, then families would spend time within their homes, while friends met on the streets or indoors given the temperament of nature. Sundays were days off for most and usually when the townsfolk met up for gatherings or meetings.
“Be still my heart.” Nat pressed her back against Steve’s chest. From the couch, Bruce groaned and buried his face in his hands. Apparently Steve was brattier than he had hoped.
Steve grunted and looked around and, sure enough, he was in one of the comfortable beds rigged up to act as a medical station. Along with the sedative, Natasha had hooked him up to an IV. He hadn’t noticed any of it.
Don't get me wrong, I love Stucky, but nothing touches my OTP of Stony.
“They were not precise. But it will just be based on the season, their own stock, and how much work I do. I figure if I show more interest they’ll settle on a percentage.”
It was like a radio in his head, like the one they used out in the barren French countryside; everything static and cutting out. Nothing really to make sense of but enough to grasp some sort of nightmare. There was something bad happening. Now, around him, while he was floating and sinking and dying and…
“Clint is partially deaf but has unnatural senses that allows him to hit a target no matter how often or quickly they move.” She ticked off. “A younger member of the group, Peter, was bit by a spider and now has super strength and can shoot-webs out of his wrists.”
Despite the concern of drunken-sickness he could not help but puff out his chest when he noticed even the ever-perfect T’Challa appeared impressed by everything provided. Finally, someone was out sparkling the king's (aggravating, unfair, just plain rude) perfectness.
"You just happened to be at a tattoo parlor?"
“A lot.” Natasha corrected.
‘Fuck, he looks like a mafia boss.’ Which, Sam supposed, he sort of was. “A date. Pick a restaurant and a movie then take him around Central Park. You don’t have to show him everything but he’d really appreciate some freedom.”
"Wow, well, you did an amazing job soldier." He gave her a kiss on the head. "Where's your sister?"
“Right, right. No touchy.” Clint still had a grin to say he probably would touch again. He never learned not to touch hot pans when he was little and he’d continue to do it, if only to get a reaction.
"I can't sign this..."
He stormed out of the elevator once he was on his lab-floor and rushed to his computer. “Jarvis, start with the most blunt of files. I want anything that has words that remotely look like Hydra up in twenty-seconds.”
Tony certainly seemed to have a promise in his eyes as he stared back at Steve with equal dreamy adoration.
Steve tried not to let out a fearful sound. “And now am I supposed to go mad? Like the others?”
“Hey,” she placed a hand on his shoulder and gave a squeeze. “Calm down. Take a deep breath.”
“I…uh, yes."
“You’re welcome, baby. And thank you for willing to postpone going out--”
“Because,” Steve tenderly touched over the arc, “of what happened with this?”
“Oh, oh, wait. Better question.” He leaned forward, looking serious. “Did you cry when you met him?”
He shook his head at the insane thought and squashed the feeling of comfort. The idea of it itched something fierce and started to make him think of things he could no longer change.
What was he fighting for?
Thor just gave him one of his ultimate pouts but did as told. The moment he was back on his feet, Steve rounded on Thor and then, to the surprise of everyone, picked the god up and put him on his own shoulders. It wasn’t as fluid, as Steve was not as big as Thor was, but it was just as easy. “See? Told you I could do it.”
He came to a complete stop at the edge of the open door unable to make the turn.
“But not of a human father.” Tony finished. “But not quite half…mother did make a deal so there was already magic before my conception. Then my true father gave me a name. As you know, words are powerful in my kind.”
“Coming, I’m coming.” Steve picked up his pace, being careful to not drop the final cases.
“It just…it would hurt some people. Cost some their freedoms.”
Bucky was so tired of hearing about Clint's chickens and how one of them was the adopted child of Clint and Natasha.
“Oh good lord, he’s as dumb as Clint.” Bruce groaned, covering his face in his hands, something that was a common occurrence in his life with this group. “Did he get sick?”
He never could figure out how she afforded it on her measly salary. Nor could he ever figure out where she got it or how. He had yet to touch it. The hairs were still soft and fresh enough despite the years of un-use. Knowing his mother, she had planned on giving him gifts like this for a longer time till he could finally put his creativity on an actual canvas. But it wasn’t meant to be.
No…those weren’t…
Those brown eyes were now almost black and his trembling stopped as he gave Steve a look that nearly made his own blue eyes roll back in ecstasy. It promised nothing but pleasure and agony and Steve wanted it.
Steve really didn’t care.
"Fair enough."
“You can call me Nat.”
“Does my gender bother you?”
“Indeed he is. But please keep me informed, sir. We do not want to overlook these little moments as they may well be signs of a bigger attack coming.”
“I know he was your project, to find his final resting place, but you just haven’t had the time. I wanted to give him to you.” She approached him and gently pressed her nail against his cheek and dragged it against his beard. “I found him. And Tony,” she breathed. “He’s alive.”
“Say you agree. I need to hear it or we won’t continue.”
Sam was not quite ready to relax his posture.
“Because it’s dangerous.”
"As in multiple."
He still let the dishwasher have a finishing round with all the dishware. Now, that was an invention. The plates came out so sanitized and hot. Although Steve may have dumpster-dived once or twice in his life and eaten fallen portions off of war-torn earth, he still appreciated cleanliness, thank you. Besides, anything that provided heat was a friend of his.  Just a little chill had a tendency of snapping him into a panic attack where he would shiver for hours.
Tony pulled away with a sulk and glared at the open elevator doors. “Jarvis, I’m pretty sure that was a sign to pause the elevator.”
“I won’t judge you.” Steve smiled softly. “If you need time, you can take it, of course you can. You can tell me in detail when you’re ready.”
“No! I don’t know you!” Steve threw his hands up, “I just found you’re a Fae living in the walls of my new home! What part of that means time to rush to a bed for an interspecies romp?!”
“How often were you sick?” Tony breathed, eyes half-lidded as he reached up to gently caress his face.
It took days. At the time Tony had no experience in the art of torture, only on the receiving in at that time, but he took it as a learning experience. Found ways to hurt but keep a human alive. He found himself growing very interested in the concept of medical research, primarily with the heart, and had Stane to thank for the jump in his understanding and research on how exactly that organ ticked. The room, deep below the streets of the tower, was still stained to this day from the festivities.
Unable to help himself, Steve watched him go. Tony was not as tall as himself, but he was no small man. What he perhaps lacked a bit in height he made up for with dense shoulders and arms that were imposing and knee-melting. With his abs and solid trunk along with his grace in movement he gave off the impression of something more than a businessman.
“What?” Tony blinked in surprise and betrayal as he looked at the boring man and then quickly shook his head in denial, “No! No way! Nu-uh! Captain America is HUGE! He’s big and manly and can punch a tank!” Tony flailed about. “That guy isn’t that.”
All around him buildings towered over like giants. It was early evening so there was a bright glow to the buildings. They actually glistened. Even though they were so high up he was still surrounded by noise of cars and people.
“Entertain me, love. Tell me what you think I am.”
Josh was just tallying up the pay-day he was about to receive as he listened to Hawkeye jump from one idea to another, all big in size with a lot of detail…well, he tried to. It was hard to concentrate when terrifying billionaire Iron Man was glaring at him as if he were some foe who needed a smiting.
“You look good in black.” His eyes trained on the boxer-briefs clinging perfectly against Steve’s hips. “I think blue, for your eyes,” he licked Steve’s cheek, “fits you best, but…then again, you do look good in everything.”
Steve looked down, “That much for a
Steve just groaned in misery.
“Uhm…”
“Ah, not again…” Bruce groaned and hoped up behind Clint to get the cookie-blockage out of his windpipe.
Tony burst out laughing and his nerves started to steady, if just a bit, “That is amazingly moronic.
“I want to ensure they feel like they can’t die quick enough.” Tony greeted Bruce as he entered in.
Natasha smirked, “You sure you’re ready for that answer?”
, get with the times, old man. But fine,” Clint shrugged and then stabbed his blade into another piece of chicken. “More time for munchies.”
She tilted a dainty brow, “Tony Stark, are you having
“I see…” He looked towards his adopted son, staring with mixed longing and loathing at the image before him. Of the beautiful man turning from him to choose another. “Your bride does not seem pleased with the situation.”
“Useful.” Steve came in. “Friendly. I think I got everything necessary. It all should be ready for pick-up soon.”
“You’re not going to hurt me.”
Steve remained still, his breathing deep, as he continued to plea with his eyes.
“Done sir.” She responded at the ready. “I have a list of seven therapist that seem like a good fit for Mr. Rogers. Please make your selection and I will get him in a session before next week.”
His insides were cold.
“You a ghost?” Steve crossed his arms over his chest, attempting to appear rough, rather than protecting himself. “I have heard this place is haunted.”
"My tattoo artist?"
“Yes, he is. And he’s mine.” Tony sulked, not happy his make-out session was interrupted. “So, go jump out a window, Clint.”
It took about fifteen minutes, but Tony got all of it in him.
Natasha made a noise of concern but Nebula caught him to ease him to the hard ground. She said some words, but he could hardly hear what she said. His head was ringing while his thoughts were muffled by cotton. It hurt to breathe and think and he just waned Tony.
“Romanoff.” Tony warned.
Natasha nodded and then looked back at the envelope in his hand. “I’m surprised as the owners, your employer does not have a copy.”
“Here” Tony came back and handed over sketchbook and charcoal. “I’ve got good resources that tell me you like to draw.”
“Steve?”
It was quick and messy and desperate and Steve wanted to drown in it.
“Still one of a kind, baby.”
“No. It was my older brother, Steven.”
“None of this is for you to see.”
“Order breadsticks!” She called after him. “And a salad for Clint!”
“Already done, Ms. Natasha.” The robotic voice chimed in.
"Yes." Tony spat. "Yes, of course. I am still Tony Stark. A little tired. But fine. I'm fine."
Steve couldn’t breathe.
“I like your coyness but come now, Steve, surely you’re more creative than that. Don’t get boring on me now.”
“Ah, uhm,” Steve couldn’t move and his neck felt hot. “I…am a bit confused. How is this real?”
Steve laughed, “Maybe you’re already rubbing off on me.”
There were others within it, maybe fifteen people in total in the picture, and all just looked necessary. Like they were supposed to be in the picture and around Tony. Steve got the impression that this was Tony’s family and the concept of meeting them brewed up so many insecurities and doubts Steve did not wish to begin facing. Maybe after lunch he’ll feel prepared to be an adult and figure things out.
Steve covered his face, his cheeks hot, at his lips shaking. “Holy shit, Tony.”
For a guy who had been ravaged one or twice, one would think he’d learn how to respond…or how to at least notice the signs before someone pounced on him. Somehow it always surprised him and he was left eyes wide and slack-jawed as his surprise partner dominated him.
And he found himself addicted to the feeling instantly.
“Trying to reach you through that incredibly dense skull.” Tony leaned over and gave another nip to Steve’s neck.
“Yep. But I wanted this.” She scraped the bottom of the bowl of the last bite and tossed the item into the sink. “So I ate it.”
“I’ve chewed you out like I had nothing to do with it with this,” He looked down at the tattoos. “If I had just talked with you when we first met. If I had invited you to the Tower like I wanted, not left you alone and controlled by SHIELD. If I had just called you more…talked with you more…told you the truth…not always get so fucking angry at you over things you couldn’t control…just treated you like my Steve, this goofy kid with his bleeding heart on his sleeve, and not like my dad’s untouchable treasure…” he growled and those brown eyes got misty, “god, you could’ve been mine from the start.”
While Tony was finishing up some business a few floors below, Steve was left to stew over what transpired the past few hours and instead of feeling completely guilty he felt off.
Tony was stronger, he had a plan for change and revenge, and an idea of suit meant for a god but he found quickly that escaping the cave did not mean much. It drilled holes in his brain and he had nightmares even when he was awake. At first he tried to drown it out with drugs, booze, sexual partners, and his new ploy for dominance and change. He discovered quickly that none of it worked. He finally had to admit he needed help and he got it.
Steve flushed some more, “U-Uhm…w-what do I do?”
“Well…If you’re like this, I…uh…”
“Yes.” Tony hissed, “I’m very fucking sure.”
Steve shrugged, “like you, warning me not to get too curious.”
“Do you know where she’s buried?”
“And four: Thor isn’t named after the god, he
After some prodding, he found the door, pressed tightly to the wall. His slender fingers found those edges and could almost get in but found he did not quite have the strength, or maybe it was the how, to get it opened. There was something locking him out. When he had pressed his eyes closer he could almost make out a locking mechanism.
His eyes took a small glance over to the right side, almost empty save for the small circular pattern in rich gold, nestled under his hip-bone where the socket was. Under that were two dates he swore to never forget.
“It’s so a stripper.” He grinned and led her to the elevator. He felt like swaying a bit. His head was cloudy from booze, excitement, and exhaustion.
“So…uh, here…” Tony cleared his throat, looking a little unsure as they stopped at a door. “This is my lab.”
She had said from her hospital bed, only a day after Steve had been found. She had handled the idea of Steve’s return well though he could see a lot of pain in her eyes over her former beloved soldier.
“Why is that?” Steve asked, unsure he would receive an answer.
It was fine.
“I agree. Yes, I do, so please.”
“Not yet.” Natasha sighed. “Whenever you think he’s done he manages to do something even more stupid.”
“Ah, hell,” Tony groaned and fell back down against the younger man when he was freed. He’ll feel even better once he relieved himself in the bathroom and got some food in him. He hadn’t had anything since the few bites of Clint’s salad. And coffee. All the coffee. And Steve.
“He does not seem like the type that will stop.” Bruce noted, trying to keep his voice soft and non-aggressive towards the unstable leader. He knew he was on thin ice and even his close friendship with Tony would not save him from some sort of punishment, especially in concerns with this new obsession. “What exactly is he going to do?”
“Z-Zemo…” It had only been two hours? It felt like it had been half the day at least. “S-Sorry…sorry, just…a lot of work…I…” His hands were shaking. “Was trying to make sure every inch of the floorboard was in tact.”
“I admit, I fought against him for so long. At least two hundred years. But, he makes sense in the end, doesn’t he?”
“I need to make sure you are the one as I feel you are.”
“Relax and let me in.” Tony ordered, his voice like honey.
“And you’ll stay close until I say you can come. ” He stopped his ministrations, watching as Steve looked close to tears in his desperation, “not before.”
Keep on the look out for more updates and more Stony stories! I have another Dark!Tony one in mind I hope to get done!
“Relax.” Tony commanded. Despite Steve’s flinch to follow orders he could not relax, but he did not move. He allowed the fingers to trail up and down the black markings. “It’s ok…it’s ok…I have you.”
"But it was for meeee..." He grumbled, nuzzling a little too in the middle of Steve's chest.
Thanos approached, a smile on his face. "Now, my heir...let's begin."
family was cursed. And that family is never mentioned here by name.”
“That was relaxing?” Steve laughed in disbelief.
Every waking moment someone demanded something from him. Someone wanted to use him. Betrayed him. Told him he was nothing more than a villain in the making who was better off dead than anything else.
He had hoped the further out he moved from New York the easier it would become, but it was still bitter and his eyes felt hot. The longer on the train, the further he was from his life. It had been an ugly, sad life but one he was familiar with. One where he knew how to work with, prepare and knew of the nasty bits. One where he still could be around his mother.
“Only a little. The people here did not fill us in either. We just researched a bit, my brother was an idiot, and then we respectfully pulled back. We enjoy it here and do not wish to cause any issues to our friends. I will say, please don’t use its true name.”
“All for you, love.” Steve smiled and pulled Tony closer for a slow, sensual kiss. He felt wonderfully sluggish and full. “I think you gave me a kink or two.”
“Aw, you are very polite, little one, not rude at all.” The man refused to remove his hand on Steve’s face. “Tony. That’s my preference. I think you deserve to call me that since you are so sweet.” His thumb rubbed circles against Steve’s cheek. “I’ve overheard your
“Then what the hell is so important that we have this conversation now? You made me think it was something serious.”
“What perfect timing. Don’t think I’ll forget your little sarcasm bit though.”
“Go on, it’s fine.” Steve whimpered. The intense discomfort was passing swiftly enough.
With fingers steadier than he anticipated, Tony removed his jeans and underwear, hissing when cool air hit his erection.
Steve was unsure how much further he wished to push the conversation. There was something very unsettling with this. It was not uncommon, from what he understood, for the Fae-folk to make deals…it took part in many of their stories. They loved to trick humans and play with phrases to see how far they could get away with.
“That apology cuts more than you throwing cereal at my head.” Bucky grumped, still sitting down as instructed.
Tony’s hands reached down and found Steve’s own. They were calloused but quite slender. Artist’s hands. Tony remembered that Steve wanted to be an artist before the war started. There were old sketches of his in some museums while the rest belonged to Peggy in her London home. He made another mental note to have Jarvis order anything any aspiring artist would need and to convert part of the lab into a studio. They could always work together. The thought was a pleasant sucker-punch. “Don’t think I didn’t notice the term physical. What about mental?”
PTSD and depression were not new concepts to Tony. They had been companions of his for years.
with you!?”
“No.”
I will go down with this ship. I swear it.
Steve was about to catch Tony’s hand to still him from the intimate touching but froze. “The…Tesseract?”
Steve followed, happy to help. The two continued to share some mild small talk as they worked. Sam was interested in the attention Steve earned from Wanda and Natasha.
“I don’t know!
Wrapping his arms around her torso, he pinned her down to the mat below. Growling, she wrapped her legs around him now, and maneuvered around to get on top—being in this same position before, Steve freed a hand and allowed the momentum to carry his open palm hit to its target. Natasha tried to block but she only managed to prevent his own fist from hitting her, but his strength had it that the back of her own hand smacked into her eye.
“Did. This is an older model. One of my firsts. I keep him out as a reminder to myself. He’s a bit old and clunky but…god, I love this thing.”
“I thank my mama for that.”
Steve was seeing the universe now.
“She gets that from you.” Steve instantly blamed. “Able to act to get what she wants.”
“Their Steve-sense is impressive.” Tony muttered.
"Beautifully. It still makes me itch I have to get after you about fifteen times a line but it looks like we're being consistent in maintaining the black." He made a gentle wipe before he went back to hovering over the exposed hip with intense focus. "How are we looking for the list? I feel like we gotta be over half-way by now."
“Tony,” Natasha snapped her fingers for his attention. “Focus, please. I want this done.”
“I think he said, no.” Thor inputted.
Tony watched as Steve earned an impressed slap on the back from Thor and obnoxious cheers from Clint when he handled a sip of Asgard’s mead with only a mild choking fit. Something no mortal man should be able to handle.
The young blond choked and nearly jumped back but Tony did not allow him. Teeth gave a soft, warning nip and Steve stilled.
Clint was trying to fit four Oreo cookies in his jaw when Bruce and Tony finally came out of their lab to refill their caffeine addiction.
“I was told this is normal. Last time you closed your eyes you were…” The man trailed off and a pained look crossed his face. “But that’s done now and you’re safe here.”
“Uh…huh. Inappropriate and weird. Rude too.” Steve looked around. “Nothing about…this?” He spun his finger around to motion to the magical room they were in.
“You’ll be such a good mama, ah, yes, yes,” Tony groaned out, ensuring his thrusting was hard and hitting all the right spots. “Fuck, call me daddy.”
Tony smirked, “A prey can only last on its own for so long.”
“You all continue. Just let me know if you need me to pay for anything.”
Steve reached up his other hand to cradle the familiar but unfamiliar face, looking over him in awe, confusion, and so much agony.
“Did you actually think I would experiment on you?” Tony hissed, sounding a little hurt.
“Right then, have a good evening.” He kicked the ponies into gear and trotted away from the home. This time, Sam looked over his shoulder to give Steve one more wave.
Then Steve had been introduced to the time-periods television and what an experience that was. There were thousands of things he was told he had to watch and Tony started with a few movies closer to Steve’s time period. Tony grew bored of them quickly and soon brought out things he said were the true classics.
“Steve,” The man breathed out. The voice was different from Howard's as well. Slightly deeper and rougher.
With another quiet moment to himself and his thoughts, taking time to picture his mother and her strong smile, Steve opened his eyes and nodded to himself and the challenge ahead.
No matter the weather, Steve would need to head into town in the morning for supplies and food. Perhaps he could see how much Sam and his coach cost to make the trip easier. He had mentioned favors were as good as coin in the town, perhaps Steve could stretch his hours and get his work done for the Pierces and for Sam’s assistance.
“Hey! At least say she got the cuteness from me too.” Tony grumbled as he wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist. “Can’t believe I fell for it again.”
Tony held true to his word. Steve was brought back to bed and given a meal that was almost too rich for his stomach to handle. He’d never been so stuffed in his life and had to shoo the man away when he kept urging for one more bite to get his strength back.
“People will smell me on you. Your ass will be dripping and sore,” to emphasize his point he reached around and hungrily grabbed Steve’s backside, squeezing. “God, I am going to make you wail for me.”
“Of course you love idea. You’re perfect. You’re fucking perfect. You were made for me so you would love the idea of gagging around my cock as I fuck your throat. Everything I want, you want. You gorgeous, perfect angel.” With a little movement, he pulled his soaking fingers out of Steve’s mouth with a slick pop.
“Don’t know what you expect from me, you piece of shit.” He hissed, sweat pouring down his body. “I’m fifty and I fight with a suit.”
“Tony,” Steve whined, arching against him. He grabbed Tony’s face and kissed him hungrily, somehow knowing exactly what to do and say, “Put one in me, please.”
Jumping off the coach he made his way to the door, still gazing upon his new home. That window was so fascinating. He hoped there was a floor to it so he could look out and take in the sights. Although as black and empty as an inkwell, Steve found himself appreciating that gaping eye into and out of the house.
Tony rolled over to his side and found it impossible not to let his imagination drift off into happiness; he was in bed, sun peeking through blinds that Steve annoyingly always kept cracked, and he could smell breakfast whiffing throughout the house. The bed still smelled of winter pine and though the mattress was cool there was an indent from where his husband had laid just a short time before. He could feel the sheets pick up and a lump-bug slowly crawl up, her hair tickling his bare stomach, before he grinned and pulled away the sheets with a BOO. Morgan squealed in delight as he picked her up and made her bounce on the bed before he began to blow on her chubby belly.
Sam shrugged, “Apparently Hammer was intelligent but not very bright. But, regardless, his ownership and search did not last long. After the first week he started showing signs of madness. Swore up and down he found him, the son. Said it all made sense. Three months after that, Hammer said he could find a way to get everything he deserved—even uh, the son.”
“Oh, god, Tony.”
"That's...not true?"
“TONY!” Steve yelped
“Well?” Tony answered with a tense tone. “What is it?”
“Well, maybe it is! I like it being just the two of us.”
“He can be sentimental. That wall of his,” she stuffed some more food in her mouth. “He doesn’t show that off to most. You are really special to him.”
“Oh, he will. No doubt. So, you,” she pointed to her pouty friend, “no alone time with the gorgeous blonde.”
“You are my favorite Avenger.” Josh gushed.
“I see Jarvis made sure you used the best ingredients.” Tony noted as he took a bite and lord, he had no realized how hungry he was until the burst of tomatoes and meat hit his tongue.
Sam did as told.
What was happening to Tony? Where was Tony? Oh god, where was Tony?
“Yeah, so,” Tony drawled out, keeping himself in front of Steve like a shield, “You’re not going any lower on him without me present.”
The other scientist looked up with a tilted brow, “Good morning to you too.”
“We’re on Google-maps. She can get over it.”
“At least let me go back and really focus on my words. I’m a god at flirting, Steve, a god. Thor has nothing on me. I refuse to believe I was anything but obvious that I wanted to come down your throat.”
“And the first person Steve technically saw in over seventy years. Who happens to fly around in a metal suit.” Sam paused. “You showed him that yet?”
Steve blinked slowly. “Really?”
—and boy did it work. Tony started working out as well. He fell in love with Bruce Lee and did as much martial arts as he could. He ran and tried weights, wanting to look like someone who earned the right to be next to Captain America.
“I-I didn’t know Howard had any more family. Is he ok?” Steve looked worried. “What about Peggy? A-And was it confirmed Red Skull is dead?”
“Oh.” Steve took a step back like he was sucker-punched.
“Three rooms done by next week?”
“Go.” She pressed.
Taking a break from eating, Pierce’s hand lounged against his cane, stroking it gently. “What else?”
Normal. It felt normal. Like this was the life Steve war born into and lived in for his twenty-odd-years. This was his kitchen where he cooked eggs and hash every day, where cabinets held his own personal coffee mug, and his sheets were in the laundry with his favorite scented soap. This life almost felt right.
“Tony?”
“Not a morning person.” Steve’s lips quirked a bit. “I thought it was notoriously quiet and empty when I woke up. It was because you were in this state?”
“Love it…god…love you, just give me more….please…please I want…oh fuck, Tony.” Steve gasped when Tony’s fingers pressed over the perfect spot. “It’s so good. Tony...
Tony blushed, “I can’t believe our first conversation about kids is because I needed to pretend I fucked one into you.”
“Oh.” Steve breathed out.
“Uuuughhhh…” he flopped back. Just when he potentially found a kindred spirit everyone had to cockblock him. It wasn’t fair.
Thanos smiled and Tony wanted to vomit. “If I survived my plan, my hope was to retire to a life of quiet and peace, knowing my heir was protecting everything I worked for…after her death, I concluded not all plans could be perfet and I would only need to destroy the stones to ensure my work remained.”
Tony refused to say anything. Refused to be reborn. Refused all of the crap.
“Just, bad things are connected to it. It has its own legend and dark history.”
Wrapping his fists up to his elbow, searching for his blades. They were slick and made of a metal not from earth; something that felt somewhat similar to iron but was made of a harder material. It was sharpened to a point normally only achieved by laser back home. It could cut through stone, perhaps even give Steve's shield a terrible blow, and skin fell apart slicker than paper to scissors.
“Your face is an abomination.”
His eyes opened, for a moment, and he found darkness and warmth meeting him back.
Something shuddered in his mind and Tony froze.
“Whoa, wait, really? I thought you were joking…”
“Shh, it’s ok.” Not-Howard pressed his free palm against Steve’s cheeks. “You’re alive. You’re out of the water. This is real, ok?”
“I can. I will.”
“O-Ok.”
An inhuman noise escaped Tony’s throat as he shoved Steve to the bed, pinning him down. His teeth went to the junction of Steve’s neck and he sunk them in, hard, bringing out blood.
“Get off and maybe we’ll share a conversation about it.” Steve made a move to push Tony off but only managed to accidently grind their hips together again. He winced, shuddering, not used to that sort of stimulus.
“Aww, baby," Tony licked his lips and purred, "you’re too cute when you blush.”
“It wasn’t that bad.” Steve rubbed his hands up and down Tony’s bare back. “It was a long time ago.”
The doors opened and Tony gently led the soldier in, holding his breath as he found Steve surrounded by the most dangerous and protective gear on earth. Though it meant Steve closer to who Tony was and what the Avengers did, there was something he really liked about Steve seeing so much of Tony…he felt more naked than he did that morning while they were making love.
Most just wanted to pretend it was all goodness and heroics and hope that merciless intensity, the infamous wrath, did not set its sights upon them.
Steve blinked and shrugged again, “Fine I guess?”
“Steve is done fighting. He is not involved in this.”
“I know. I’ll keep you updated.”
“I’m working on it.”
“He wasn’t.” Pepper reminded. “He went through a lot but he survived. He’s here now.”
“Yes, but that’s for others.
Steve paused and looked her over. “How many weapons do you have on you?”
Sam explained there was a public library, though quite small, and only two restaurants and one pub. Most everyone cooked for themselves and Steve would find errands and favors got him a lot more than money for some families. Some farmers would enjoy having a young man like Steve tend to some crops a few times a year and he could earn some grain or tomatoes in return.
Instead he just rolled his eyes and said something snarky, gave a pat on the big guy's back and urged him inside for his first Shwarma experience.
“Wind. Yes. That was wind. Stop it, Rogers.” He growled and stormed over to the window and pushed it back open properly wide. “Still, still…if…” Lord, he was ridiculous, “if someone wishes it closed…you can.” Yes, very ridiculous. “But I’d like it open since…the dust.” He coughed in awkwardness and to prove a point. “Right, let’s not let anyone else hear me talk to my imagination again, yes?”
lie. He did not feel like he was in any danger, per say, but he did not feel alone. Said he had eyes on him,” she tapped the back of her head to show what she meant. “He said there was something waiting in the shadows, observing him. He felt like a mouse under the stare of a disinterested cat. Like he was free to roam but not for long and not without respect.”
“That’s a start.” He smiled, “Now, you mentioned you wanted something to hurt?”
“Yes and I did. Sort of.” Tony shrugged. “Miscarriage.”
The madness came six months after the crash when he was taken on a display run in Afghanistan and he met his nightmare. Five months locked in that darkness, facing torture, and coming to terms a family friend, someone he trusted, paid for it to happen was enough. He came out of the hellhole cave a changed man with a sharper, hungrier perspective of the world and what violence truly meant. And what he could do with it.
Good.
“Little of this and a little of that.” She led him to the kitchen where she instantly began to raid the fridge. “Ooh, spaghetti. Mine now.”
“Ah, guess when you put it that way…” Tony sighed, “Jarvis, open the doors.”
“Is that really a couch?” Steve laughed and it sounded panicked. The thing was so large and white.
“You can’t bite me to get your way on things.”
handsome? I’d rather not have too many pretty people around my Steve.”
“Good passion. I see you are ready for another spar. Hold up your weapon up properly and attack to kill.”
He got ahead of himself. He told the young man too much when he was already suffering.
He had no right to touch Tony in such a way, like they were forced apart lovers reunited.
“God fucking dammit Steve!” Tony snarled and maneuvered himself around to get Steve facing him. “This isn’t about some heroic deed that’s part of my role as Iron Man. This is about my feelings for you, your feelings for me, and my continuous effort to keep you at arms’ length away despite you clearly making multiple attempts, in your own adorably awkward way, to get close.”
What the hell did he just witness?
“Ok, so that’s noted…come on and show me your blueprints,” he pointed to their whiteboard they liked to word and number vomit their ideas on. “I get the feeling you already have an idea on these monster rats. Show me the crazy.”
Tony instantly reached out and snapped that hand back, pulling it up to his face and pressing it against his cheek. He sighed in complete relief and ecstasy. Finally. “I have waited for this far too long.”
Tony smiled. “You didn’t get much attention back in the day, huh?”
“Yeah, we all believe the moment this challenge is done you’re going to cough it all up and not inhale the entire packet.” Tony walked over and grabbed three cookies for himself before they disappeared. “She is going to be so pissed.”
Her nose scrunched up as if she smelled something fowl and Tony chuckled, “At least someone here can understand what I went through. He did grow boring after the first fifty years.” His fingers traced his goatee, “Still not pleased when he de-aged me and I lost this.”
“I can see that, Point Break.” Tony blinked, not too surprised, but found it quite sexy. “Didn’t you also knock out a tank, babe?”
“Ugh, you’re too pretty for your own good.” Tony groaned and then smashed their lips back together.
Still, he could not help but feel disappointed with the lackluster, simple greeting. Steve was looking forward to the famous honeymoon stage of the relationship. Bucky always said the early point was all fire, giggles, and excited touches in a corner. This was before it became serious and mature, where feelings needed discussed and arguments could start, and was a great way to feel distracted.
“I have." Many times. Each time Steve brought it up Tony would gently shut him down with a promise of some day but not yet. It was too dangerous. Too risky. "Maybe if you, you know the fella who is part of my integration and mental stability, can say I’m ready he’d be willing to listen.” Steve crossed his arms and gave a look that used to have the Commandos silent and in formation.
“After his odd declaration of getting what he deserved?”
Looking around, everything seemed in right order. His bed was still neatly made, the curtains still drawn back, window opened…
It was probably best not to let Steve know the advancement Tony had made with his weapons with it. Or that he had used the weapons to threaten and crush governments to his will. Something told him the patriot would not yet know to appreciate the tactical and necessary move.
“Bu-but…”
“Don’t treat your elders like that.” Sam pushed right back and chuckled. “Ok. So, yeah, you haven’t broken a sweat. Again. How about a few laps around the gym? Maybe like, ninety for your old age.”
Now, I have to decide if I will up the rating to Explicit or not. I got time to decide! We'll see what you all want from the story/what I feel works best. I'll say, if I do not change the rating by next chapter I do not think the story will become more graphic than it already is. I'm also unsure if this will ever have an actual plot besides just their life together in these unusual circumstances. I don't know if it's needed either.
He was not used to feeling so unsure, terrified, and confused. He was disgusted with himself and his skin itched as if it were dirty. The disgust did not help his spiral--it made everything feel worse. It made him feel worse of a person. He was trapped and he had no idea how to get out of it. For the past three days he tried to push his body to the absolute limit, to have it burn and scream in agony, so he had something to distract himself from the bitter need to cry and fall. Something he, Captain America, could never allow himself to do.
Steve
His surroundings smelled clean and comforting, like fresh laundry, and his body was encased on something almost too soft for comfort but he still sunk back into it weakly. When he re-closed his eyes he could almost sense the life of New York vibrating around him.
“I’m all for rough but if we’re going completely bare it’s going to be in bed. I can handle pain and…newness well enough but, yeah, I just lost my virginity a few hours ago. Show a guy some sympathy and romance.”
, Tony would always win.’
“It’s later now, isn’t it?” Steve’s eyebrow arched. “You up for emotional talking?”
As expected, he found the library easily. It was within the town hall; a three-story building that looked the newest built of the town. It was painted a soft blue with white trimmings and conjoined to it, almost unnaturally, was a tiny building of the same trim and color and was just the size of a large room. Above its own personal entrance read MAIL.
“It can be on your backside, no one but me would see it.”
“Not…not always.” Tony seethed, his body hot. His anger was overwhelming as a new memory came up. Steve limping and bloody as he turned away from Tony’s fallen form to go pick up Bucky. Terrile loathing consumed him and he snarled at the image and the brunette. Something spiked within him and more pain shuddered through his body.
“It’s real nice to meet you, Steve.” Sam said with a pleasant grin.
It was swarming and he couldn’t breathe…he was drowning again…cold, cold water was coming to him, breaking at his neck and breaking past his lips and making everything so dark and lonely.
The two entered. One man, Happy, gave a nod to Tony and then took place by the door with his hands crossed in front of him. He looked a bit heavy-set and had a face that deserved a smile than something so serious but apparently he was playing the role of bodyguard right now.
“Stop being so fucking cute.” The archer whined.
He hated to admit it, but Natasha was right to go stereotypical simple horror over his want for a more Bond-theme. The mood was set up and even he found the empty warehouse eerie. With just the final touches, the special movie would truly reach the hearts of the audience.
“It seems to have worked well with you.” He noted to their locked arms, since she had refused to let him away from her arms for much longer than Tony typically allowed. “Are the rest of you as clingy?”
“Too bad. I don’t care for what shouldn’t be. I care only for what I want.” He placed Steve back on the bed, pushing some hair from his eyes. “I’ll get you started on something light. They should be back any second now.”
“Steven, Steven, Steven.” Brock shook his head in clear mockery. “You do know this,” his finger circled around their household, “isn’t lasting forever, right?”
Gagging, he slumped forward and vomited.
“I thought you wanted to go back to sleep?” Steve sighed, arching his neck to let Tony give it all the attention he wanted.
“My, so scandalous.” Young Howard chuckled. “Come on, doll, say something inspirational and sweet. Your normal shtick.”
Quickly, he looked away and back at the growing, dense block of numbers. It trailed down and was about meeting the same point as the gold circle. Just a few more sessions and it would pass it. Steve wondered briefly how long it would be till the block of numbers reached his thigh. Would they continue on till he needed to start from the top on the other side?
“Sir, given how little we know of the situation I recommend you calm yourself down to not trigger a panic or anger fit.”
“No kidding. Ok, big guy, time for bed for you. Princess style. Should we get Thor?”
Steve flushed and crossed his arms over his chest, “Actually yes.”
“Tony…oh, god…it…” Steve looked horrified, “was it because of me?”
Sam physically relaxed and sighed. “And I thank you for that. The less I hear of this place the better.”
Of course, he sniggered to himself, the purple bastard wouldn’t complain too much. He’d probably be ecstatic, in his own way, on the idea of grandchildren.
“Yes. I want a baby, cap.” His chest was heaving and his irises were blown wide. “I want to put a baby in
Steve. Steve. Steve.
“You time-jumped seventy-years. I thought maybe give yourself a few weeks to, you know, process we have microwaves.”
Tony hadn’t meant to fall asleep inside of Steve; as sexy and content of a feeling as it was, he knew it wasn’t the most comfortable for his partner. Or normal partners…Steve had proven he was anything but normal. His twelve orgasms proving this fact.
“If it’s to confirm a mole, then yes.”
So far, everything was sounding really good to Steve.
Tony smirked, “No.”
She just sighed again, very put-upon and disappointed, “No. I gotta.”
“He is very unhappy, Stark.” Thor explained as if everything were normal. “He lost his whole crew.”
Tony scowled, "Why can't I know?"
Perhaps once they arrived to the manor everything would settle.
Steve startled awake.
Tony was panting and there was a small layer of sweat coating his golden skin. His eyes were blown wide and his mouth was pulled back into a hungry grin as he stared Steve down.
“Never thought you were stupid.” Tony tried, starting to sound panicked.
“U-U-Uhm…” Steve played with the hem of the pants.
The skeleton of the house looked very normal. Large, a bit odd in the shape of some of the rooms, but nothing to take interest in. He had hoped to perhaps find something secret or anything to connect to this growing mystery but it was simply an old house.
“Please.” She blew a bubble as she played with her Farm Hero game with vigor. “You’re good-looking and all that but there is no way I’d bang a man with facial hair like that.”
“Now.”
“You needed me from the start, but I was too much of a fucking coward to do anything about it. I knew,
“You…what…?”
Tony tilted his head, as if he did not comprehend what was being told to him. “Truly?”
“I…” He blinked, “you called me bride?”
“So, now what?”
“Jesus Christ, Tony.” Steve whimpered.
“Try three minutes, sir. Though superior to most all computers I still fall under the realm of reality and time.”
“Get your leather-cradled ass of my counter.” Tony ordered as he entered in.
“That isn’t fair.” Clint moped and turned to the redhead. “I’m still cuter, right?”
"It's not like it's licensed but yep." He gave off an oof when Natasha grabbed his wrist back to continue to look it over. "Rather nice, huh?"
“So there is nothing more to worry about. He’s alive, he’s healing, and he’s yours.” She walked over to the wall where an advanced intercom system lay. “Now, why don’t we talk to the doctors about his condition? You ready for that?”
Steve choked, “I’ve never seen one that’ll…it’ll…uh…”
He gave her a soft thanks and quickly went back up the stairs. He could feel her eyes on the back of his neck as he made his way out and he tried not to let the attention, this sense of study, bother him.
Walking out, Steve had a lot to think about. Wanda was very helpful, perhaps a reader like himself and eager to share something or maybe just a kind soul who wanted to warn the newcomer…regardless, now Steve had a little more information on Shield Manor.
“Get up, my heir, and try again.”
Large hands came up and gently grasped at Steve’s throat, his dark eyes practically glowing gold as he hovered over the man who now felt very small. “Don’t speak unless I give you permission, love. I want to look at you…drink you in…take this moment to remind me that you’re here.”
And Tony was very good at getting what he wanted.
“These them?”
All in all, a mismatched mess.
Steve felt like that was not quite true but he didn’t argue back. The hair on his arms tingled and rose against Tony’s attention.
Pepper rolled her eyes. “Good grief. These people practically
“Get down.” Tony hissed, his voice stressed and dried out. “Get down here with me.”
Hearing a voice within a supposed haunted house was certainly nothing to take light of…but he had to wonder if he had the dream because he was told the house was haunted. A trick of the mind and all of that.
He frowned, ‘There I go again. Where are these thoughts coming from?’
“W-Wait, Nat, let me at least share a link to him!” Bruce yelped as he was carried off to, probably, be ravished.
Instantly, Steve shook his head in denial. “You could never be blamed for your own abuse. What he did was his doing and not yours. You don’t deserve that. I just…” A shadow of doubt passed over his eyes. “I just didn’t see that. I never thought he’d be a fantastic father, he was so self-centered, but not…not cruel.”
“Twenty-three copies and four hundred and seventy two pages.” Bruce corrected as he cleaned his readers.
Of course Tony knew. Tony knew everything. He always did everything so right.
Tony laughed and now pinched him, “Absolutely not. We’re not having his name as our safe word.”
“I…no sir, sorry, sir.” Steve sighed. “I made it to five places to procure the necessary items. Also made conversation with a farmer--”
“No, his name was Justin Hammer. He never owned the place officially. He just thought it his right to get it without payment because of his closeness to the son.”
“Well enough. Mom was a strong woman. She knew she was in a comfortable but not the most loving relationship. She handled it well. She was a great support to him and he to her. I think on some level they were really good friends, possibly best friends, and cared deeply for one another.”
"Well then," Steve looked eager. "Let's see it."
“Uh,” Steve’s heart was pounding. “I guess it’s a bit late?” He decided to brave the sensations and approach the man. The closer he got the more he saw and the more he realized his boyfriend was not angry in the slightest.
"That is irrelevant."
“Oh no,” Tony laughed, “I am not surprised but that gave me a sense of dread. You going to let me take care of you if you ever get sick?”
“How did you do it? It must be cause of your big eyes and pretty face—lack of intimidation. They rarely speak to men, especially a new one.” Sam noted with a pout, pulling himself up to start their journey. “Wanda is pretty shy and Nat can just be plain mean.”
