By the light of the stars, he poured them each a glass of wine. “So, what brought this on?”
"Fire alarms don't exactly run on a schedule, do they?" Sherlock snapped, immediately turning red. "And I don't suppose you were prepared, either."
John was cut off by a searing kiss, his hands suddenly held against the brick on either side of his head. His voice melted into a soft whimper.
“It would be the best birthday present you could possibly give me.”
“I know. I believe you.”
John shrugged, eyes still downcast.
“Perhaps,” Sherlock whispered, kissing the back of his neck. “If you’re amenable.”
“I know.”
If John had been drinking something, he would have coughed and sputtered. Instead he just turned to the boy lying beside him with wide eyes. Sherlock returned the gaze and shrugged.
John glanced at Sherlock, realizing for the first time that he had no idea what the boy’s favorite dish was. Right on the heels of that revelation was the one that, knowing what it was, he might be able to coerce Sherlock into stepping away from his cauldrons and investigations to eat more frequently. He saw Sherlock’s smirk, as though he knew exactly what was going through John’s head—he probably did—and he was going to do his best not to be convinced so easily.
“See you later, Mycroft,” John went on, suppressing an eye-roll and practically slamming the door.
John froze. "Why?"
To his credit and John’s relief, Sherlock didn’t say another thing about knickers for the rest of the night.
“Goodbye, John.”
“Sherlock Holmes, I’m going to kill you!” he practically shouted after him.
“Come now, John. Don’t leave me to take care of myself.” The look he gave was positively evil.
"Because everyone likes them!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Out of nothing but spite, John glared and said, “No. I would love to do something with you, Sherlock. What did you have in mind?”
was suggesting it." John smirked. "I'll teach you tomorrow."
“What happened to having the ‘right armour’?”
the insanity.
why you won’t go on a date with me?”
Sherlock didn't get down. John didn't say anything else about it.
When he finally woke, he stared at John like he was looking at a ghost. "So...you're really here."
“I suppose it is.” John nodded thoughtfully. He could feel the flush creeping into his cheeks as his fellow Gryffindors’ eyes bored into him.
John laughed. "You don't want to get out of here?"
“You haven’t sent me any owls.” The chill in Sherlock’s voice was a solid reminder to John of who his brother was.
“It was lovely meeting you, too. Good luck with your dad.”
There’s a little bit of danger in emotion.
, there," Sherlock whined, finally breaking loose and fucking John's fist.
Soon Sherlock appeared in the doorway. At the sight of his mother and his boyfriend sat on the sofa with a book of pictures from his early life, he stopped.
on me?" the suspect piped up.
“Of course. How else do you explain Dairy Milk?”
"Why did you choose
“They see it as your problem, not theirs. Don’t worry, I’ll speak with them.” He started up the stairs. “I’ve a few words for the director anyway, if you don’t mind.”
Moriarty smiled. “Good. Tell Mycroft he’s nosing into business that ought to be left alone.”
Wilkes suddenly acted as though he were noticing Sherlock and Molly for the first time. “Oh, hello, Freak.”
“But—Sherlock, didn’t you want tea?”
boyfriend."
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
"Yeah, sure."
Sherlock hesitated.
They ran into a girl from Sherlock's class, and two boys from John's, who were completely awed by Sherlock's costume. "Where did you
Once Sherlock’s foot was dressed, John made him test standing on it. His stoic expression managed to stick when his foot was lowered to the floor and he put his weight on it, and so John deemed him fit to limp around as needed, but told him to stick to the sofa as much as he could for the day.
John rubbed his eyes and downed two glasses of water before he could even consider thinking of what had happened as he’d woken up. He remembered with a start that he had been sleeping in Sherlock’s bed. He remembered drinking quickly, and the shards on the floor were an easy sign that he had dropped an empty bottle. He was still fully clothed—so there was nothing to worry about, right? He simply hadn’t been sober enough to make it upstairs.
“Sherlock, stop.”
"What did I just say? I don't have any desire to be romantically involved with you!"
“Wilkes. Or better, Wilkes’s girlfriend. He’s been laughing about it for the past two hours. The rest of the team have just left, but I wanted to let you know you don’t have to come if you don’t want to.”
John grinned and leaned over to kiss him.
Wilkes looked taken aback. And angry.
"Good. Everyone needs a day off every once in a while." John kissed the spot that his hand had just been. "Now get dressed. I'll make some lunch."
(Does this count? I think this counts.)
“Remember what happened last year? With Wilkes?”
Sherlock's head turned almost painfully quickly. "You will?"
“You are, Mrs. Hudson,” John said with a smile.
"No, I mean...it just...didn't work."
"What? What do you mean? What's happened, where is he?"
kick you out of this bed."
and make it up the stairs this time, are we?" He smirked, but it quickly melted when Sherlock nuzzled at his crotch.
He sighed. “May we be excused?” he asked sarcastically, with no indication that he would refrain from leaving the table, regardless of what the answer was. However, she nodded and smiled and didn’t even bat an eye when he yanked John ungraciously to his feet.
"Bits and pieces from all over."
“I’m still here,” Sherlock pointed out.
a suspect.
“What? Yes, I do!”
Sherlock smirked, evidently able to hear every word. He swiped the phone from John, who protested and swore rather loudly. “We are fine, Detective Inspector, thank you for your concern, but we would very much like to get back to our flat. Could you pick up this very explosive and dangerous device left here by a man who just kidnapped John and nearly killed both of us? It would be prudent to get it out of here before the children come in for swimming practice tomorrow morning. Also, there’s a memory stick filled with the nation’s secret missile plans in the pool.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"What?"
"Of course," Sherlock whispered to himself. "He was poisoned."
He sent another text.
Sherlock glared, but had no response.
"Sherlock, relax," Greg said, patting him on the back. "It's your wedding day, you're allowed to cry."
Suddenly, Sherlock's stomach twisted guiltily. "Molly...I am sorry."
"One month," Sherlock reminded him--as if he needed reminding--while trailing his toes further and further up John's thigh.
“Alright, and what would that be?”
“Oh, Sherlock, I wouldn’t do that if I were you. Those ropes are the only thing keeping him up.”
“Well, no. No literal ones.”
Sherlock nodded.
“Where have you been? No one’s seen you since dinner.”
“This isn’t a joke, John!”
“Of course not. Mason’s such a brilliant young navigator, he was able to maneuver the carriage on its descent.”
"Jim Moriarty. He’s a sixth year Slytherin student. He’s behind all this. I don’t know why, or how really, but—"
“No.”
“Do you feel out of control?”
"I'm not making fun of you, Honeybee. It's just good situational comedy." He wiped tears from his eyes. "I can't believe it. Our lives are a sitcom."
“John, I don’t…”
Sherlock shrugged. "I rather like this arrangement," he replied, resting his chin on John's shoulder.
"Alright then. Make sure you don't fall asleep on the sofa again, yeah? I missed you last night."
"I'll say," John agreed, slamming his copy of Netter's Atlas shut and dropping it on the desk in front of him. He stood and made his way to the sofa, placing a hand on Sherlock's forehead. "How about we do something today? Just the two of us."
"Knocked over a boiling pot," Sherlock grumbled, now damp as well as burned.
John looked up at her. Honestly, he couldn’t care less where Harry went. The issue was enduring their extended family without someone his age with remotely the same interests—which, in all fairness, were pretty much limited to Quidditch even when it came to Harry. On one hand, it would be nice not to have her there trying to sneak the Firewhisky from their uncle’s cupboard. On the other, that meant he wouldn’t have her there to deflect the constant questions about school and romantic prospects.
Sherlock sat there innocently, looking as though he didn’t care at all about his birthday, but John knew better. Sherlock loved being the center of attention, and if his tantrum about the injustices of how John’s birthday was usually celebrated were any indication, he took birthdays very seriously. It amazed John that he hadn’t told him flat out when his birthday was, but then he hadn’t had to tell Sherlock, so perhaps the daft genius thought that John would think to get the information by whatever means
"What?"
Sherlock just barely managed to grab her arm. "What's going on?" he demanded.
Mr. Holmes laughed. “You are the sane one.”
Just a heads up, December will be crazy for this fic. Here's the schedule:
"John," Sherlock whispered after a moment.
“This is not the right armour. This is absolutely the wrong armour.”
Without really meaning to, John nodded. He was curious about this Moriarty bloke, most importantly why he’d kidnapped him and tried to feed him to the giant squid. "Yeah. Sherlock, what’s going on?"
“Well, hello.” He smiled as Sherlock backed away uncertainly. “Lovely to see you, too.”
Sherlock was dazzled by the genuine smile John gave them. “Excellent. See you around six?”
"They're not
John nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind.” He began to walk away toward the armchair in which Greg was dozing off over his playbook, but Sally stopped him.
IS WRONG WITH YOU?”
A weight seemed to lift from the room, and in no less than a moment, the murmur of confused and overexcited teenagers commenced.
Greg smiled. "Couple months ago. I've missed you, Sherlock," he replied, and swept Sherlock into an unexpected hug.
Molly went red, but she didn’t answer.
“Don’t be ridiculous,
John had been ready to keep going, but Sherlock suddenly cut across him. “You already knew that.”
"Harry took kung fu for years. I tagged along a lot. And this one really shouldn't skip the gym if he's going to go chasing people who are bigger than him."
“Yes.”
“You didn’t ruin it. In fact, I…I daresay that’s the best Christmas dinner I’ve ever had.”
Teddy smiled toothlessly. He was at the mirror, teasing hair at the crown of his head as it faded from a dark plum color to a pretty lilac. "Fair point. Listen, speaking of which, I'm meeting Victoire Weasley by the lake. Don't be surprised if I'm in a little late."
“Good lord, no wonder you got kicked out of the army.”
She turned to smile at him. “Just don’t start, dear.”
“Sherlock!” If he’d felt up to it, John would have dug in his heels and forced his companion to a stop. All he could think of, however, was having a nice cuppa and getting some rest.
costume?" he demanded of Victor.
I will be consistent.
“You never fail me, but I feel as though I don’t express as much appreciation as I should,” Sherlock began, touching his partner’s cheek. “You pull me out of myself and help me notice things. And I don’t mean things like ‘that woman is cheating on her husband’ or ‘that man has a large dog and an even larger sister living with him.’ I mean what others think, and how they feel.” He let out a huge puff of breath. “Thank you.”
“Evening.” He continued blinking. “Well, this is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?” He held back the beginnings of tears, still blinking frantically.
John smiled at him. “You are insatiable.”
John: 7
He heard a sigh of relief from overhead. "Oh my god. I'm so sorry, Sherlock."
The end of each case brought John into a frustrated silence for a few hours, until Sherlock would call for tea from his bedroom. John would then curse both himself and Sherlock as he put the kettle on, take the tea to Sherlock's room, and find him sound asleep, fully clothed and facedown in the pillow. It was nothing new, but it did nothing to quell his resentment.
Now that I'm finally fixing the notes, I'd like to point out that
“Because you like it. I thought I should try it.”
Sherlock: 25
“The one in the hallway.”
“Have a lovely evening, John.”
," John hissed. "Alright. You want to play this game? You've been playing it since he was diagnosed, you insensitive prick. For months, you've been moping around the flat, grumbling about me being at the
"So...maybe, someday, when we're no longer able to chase criminals and I can't see through my microscope well enough to justify a toxic kitchen."
It was incredible, waking up in John's flat on Sundays. The morning routine, instead of its usual rush, turned into a sort of ritual that lasted hours before they finally made it out for lunch at one of the places within walking distance. Hours in bed, followed by as much of the hot water they could take before it went cold, and playfully dressing each other made Sunday mornings with John an absolute delight.
“In reality they’re just giant balls of gas, constantly burning. There’s nothing magical about them. Even Muggle science got that one right. But there's no denying they're beautiful.”
“Experiment.” He appeared on the landing with a blowtorch and protective eyewear on his head.
"Hm?"
"Perhaps you should add this to your list of resolutions," Sherlock murmured, just loud enough for John to hear.
"He's...burned himself."
"You alright?" John asked, tucking a lock of hair behind his ear.
“I know!”
, and he was beginning to think the parcels would never reach their destination when there was a tap at the library window, and he looked up to see a very large tawny perched next to them just outside.
“Sherlock,” his mother warned.
Sherlock scoffed. “Not important. Your level of skill isn’t determined by your sleeping patterns.”
In a few minutes the two of them were presentable, though Sherlock’s continued attempts to drag John back to bed using only his lips and his hands teasingly light on his hips hadn’t helped matters. Even as John opened the door to head downstairs, Sherlock pulled him into a heated kiss that only served to frustrate him when John reciprocated enthusiastically, then abruptly turned and bolted down the stairs.
"Victor is...with someone."
“John.” He looked up at Greg’s solemn tone. “Is there anything else?”
“John, calm down,” Lestrade said, surprise and concern softening his features.
John shook his head.
Sherlock began to pout, so John hurried with removing the food from its case: two sandwiches, two bags of crisps, two bottles of water, and what remained of the cake Mrs. Hudson had brought them on Tuesday. Playing a peanut butter sandwich on front of Sherlock, John said, "Eat something. You're a lot less grumpy when you've eaten."
Sherlock finally dropped John’s hand so that both of his own could tangle in his hair. “No, I just—I like watching
“Don’t you…don’t you want your gift?”
"We're--we're not--"
“Do you want to slow down?”
John groaned.
to be a Healer, you know,” she pointed out to him one afternoon in the common room. He’d been groaning over the essay that Professor Gregson had assigned.
"With you, I take it."
"No."
After some deliberation with himself, Sherlock seemed to settle on facing the path, landing him beside John with his legs stretched out in front of him. They were so long that the soles of his shoes spilled over the edge of the sheet into the grass. John coughed again.
She laughed. "You're jealous and everything! You really do have a crush on him."
"Yes. Well. The point is, I would like to. If...if you do. Want to."
They heard Mrs. Holmes greet John. "You look lovely!"
John turned to him and lathered up his curls, smiling brightly. “It’s not a big deal, you know.”
," Sherlock complained, and shoved his arse against him once again.
“Of course.”
"I suppose."
“Fell asleep on the astronomy tower last night.”
was different.
When John reached the landing, he found Sherlock’s bedroom door locked. Knocking lightly, he called, “Sherlock, it’s me. Could you please let me in?”
"We're not together," John clarified.
“What? Yes he does. I definitely just saw him and he definitely has reason enough to believe that we’ve just christened your shower. I told him we didn’t, but I don’t think he believed me.”
"I can't believe Molly roped us into this. How did that happen exactly?"
"Of course. Picnic in Regent's Park." When Sherlock shook his head, John raised an eyebrow. "No?"
Mycroft grimaced, because that was the closest thing to smiling that Mycroft was capable of. “Sorry, brother dear. Maybe next year.”
This one was a little late, but good news--due to the fact that my internet is finally being fixed after like five years, I shouldn't be late ever again.
After hours of reading aloud and laughing along with each other’s commentary, Sherlock raised an eyebrow and sighed.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “I knew this would happen.”
Sherlock shut his eyes and soaked in every detail--the stillness of both their mouths, the kind firmness of John's, the smell of John's lip balm. He was vaguely aware of his rabbit ears slipping as John's fingers moved from his chin to his temples, gently pushing his head away.
John smiled warmly at the jumper he unwrapped and thanked Sherlock’s parents.
“Dirigible plum,” John said, ignoring her and stepping through the portrait hole as it opened.
John: 12
“So, Potions,” Sherlock said, and John groaned.
date?"
I'm gonna get back into it, though! I've been working on another project every day, so hopefully I can give a little time to this every day, too. This will be the side-project I wanted it to be, dammit!
John walked past him, back to Sherlock’s bedroom door, before turning around to find Mycroft staring after him suspiciously. He sighed, and decided that if Mycroft was anything like Sherlock, coming across as extremely blunt was the least of his problems.
"I suppose that isn't likely," John conceded. "But d'you really think we should be totally nude when someone does come in?"
“Good night, John,” Sherlock replied, his back to him.
want tea. Have a nice chat with Mrs. Hudson. I, however, am going to get some rest, because I’ve had little sleep since the ‘gas explosion’ across the street. Good night, Mrs. Hudson,” he said as she entered the room.
“John!” he heard the familiar voice shout again, but this time he recognized it as that of his tutor. “John, can you fly a little closer?”
“Listen to the way he’s described!”
When Wilson raised his wand arm and the Knight Bus arrived, they shook hands. “It was lovely meeting you, John.”
Exams weren’t normally a problem. They were simply written and easily sidestepped with a few fancy words and general knowledge of the material.
Greg smirked. "Are you gonna sing something?"
"I..." John began.
The ride was long and uncomfortable. He soon determined the two were brothers, as the Head Boy in green was fussing far too much over a scrawny Ravenclaw for there to be no relation, and he judged by the way they referred to “Mummy” that they were siblings. Each time his elder brother said a word, Sherlock looked as though he would rather be anywhere else. It wasn’t until the carriage reached the end of the drive that John was able to take his eyes off the spectacle that was the Holmes brothers and mentally welcome himself back to Hogwarts.
"My guess?" Sherlock replied. "Probably cigarettes."
‘close’?” Sherlock said in disbelief.
"Already sent him a t-text. He said it might take a couple days to get in."
John actually blushed. The sight of his cheeks reddening under ruffled hair made Sherlock want to jump him all over again.
“Hello, Sebastian.”
“It was hardly my…my whole family,” Sherlock gasped as John’s teeth grazed the sensitive skin under his ear.
John was just about to give Harry her third proper warning when he felt something extremely warm near his wrist. He looked down to find his robes on fire.
"Yeah!" Sherlock started bouncing up and down in his seat. "John, do you want to go on a date to Angelo's?"
He was so used to spitting out things he noticed that it hadn’t occurred to him that he shouldn’t know about the Whitney Houston merchandise Wilkes kept locked away in his bedroom closet, safe, but hidden from the world. It simply wasn’t
John was beyond being startled by Sherlock's scattered thoughts. "Maybe. Someday."
John nudged him and said, "What about him?" It was a game they were used to playing when they found themselves with downtime in public.
“Expect an owl tomorrow morning with the time and location of your detention.”
"You told her we were free this weekend."
John shook his head.
John considered whether he was imagining the disappointment and guilt in that last text as he opened the one from Lestrade.
What had he liked? Why had he liked it? Would Sherlock like the same things? More importantly, was Sherlock good at it? Was John? Of course John was good at it. He was good at everything.
Sherlock could practically hear Mycroft's eye-roll, but he was nonetheless amused.
"Well, maybe my mum. But that's it."
“Was that Sherlock?” Sarah asked, and John tensed, prepared for another scolding. She shook her head. “John, he’s your friend. I understand if you text him. It’s the constant worrying that drives me up the wall.”
“This is from his seventh birthday.” She indicated a young Sherlock tearing open a gift—a rather large cauldron, one that he could easily have curled up and slept in if he’d so desired. John gazed at Sherlock’s face, committing the wonder and excitement to memory. He just barely stopped himself from reaching out to touch the photograph.
“Why not?”
Most of the match passed in silence. Occasionally, they would clap when John made an excellent play, or when Westpark would score, but overall, Sherlock found the game rather dull. If it weren’t for the way John ran, with his elbows tight to his sides and an uneven bounce in his step, Sherlock would have pegged it as a lost cause and left.
Sherlock whimpered slightly and clutched John’s hand impossibly tighter.
“John?” Sherlock said suddenly, and John’s eyes snapped open. Sherlock was looking down at him again, concerned. “Is something wrong?”
"It was great, Mrs. H."
He did. And soon John was out like a light.
Sherlock smashed the man's nose against the wooden floor. John could have sworn he saw a dent where his forehead struck it.
"Yes, and on a date, no less, so please take some of your own advice and kindly
“I told you not to show him those!” he complained, color already tinting his cheeks and ears.
He was constantly worming his way into John's showers, or feeling him up at crime scenes, or jumping him at the breakfast table. Not that John was complaining--no, that wasn't it at all. Even if it did lead to some interesting conversations.
John sighed. “Yeah.”
“Mycroft and I had lessons from a very young age. He never really did appreciate them like I did.”
“No, I’m quite alright.”
He'd barely finished the question before Sherlock was wrapped around him, his little arms tight around John's middle. Sherlock's affection was so enthusiastic that he had to return it, so he put his own arms around Sherlock's shoulders and squeezed.
John smiled warmly. “You’re welcome, Sherlock.” He kissed him. “And thank
John froze, his fists clenched at his sides. He resisted the urge to take hold of Sherlock’s cloak and drag him from the building as he heard, for the first time in ages, an Irish lilt that put the sour taste of lake water in his mouth and made him want to turn and run.
“Spit it out, Sherlock.”
"Aren't I?" Victor pulled apart his dress shirt, revealing some sort of superhero getup. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“How is
Sherlock used his hold on John's collar to lift himself up and press their lips together.
"How long have we got?"
“You mean…is that Molly Hooper’s mother?”
“Because he’s complete rubbish.”
“Sherlock, that’s incredible,” John found himself saying, and then he laughed at himself, because that was such a stupid thing to say, but it was true. John couldn’t have kept a lid on his hormones if he’d tried.
Immediately, Sherlock mirrored him, thinking of John, wounded, lying on his cot at camp with a damp cloth across his forehead, hardly responding to even Sherlock’s presence. This was the man that had put an arrow in his beloved, and this was the man that was going to pay.
"Since last term. Before they...before the lake, certainly."
It wasn’t that he
“They’re off getting a present, are they?”
“Everything. Or nothing. I don’t know. All I know is that there are too many strange things going on here to take any of them for granted. Think about it, John—how common are Polyjuice impersonations of students?”
,” Sherlock murmured “Although if Mycroft really had his way he would just have cake for dinner.”
Sherlock sighed at the feeling of John's chest against his back. As many times as he'd imagined that feeling, he'd never anticipated the current circumstances, although considering his job and their track record, he probably should have. It wasn't the perfect moment he'd hoped for, but that didn't change the fact that it felt nice. A lot nicer than he was expecting, actually. He sighed again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "You're an idiot."
“Uh-huh. Harry broke her arm last year and she got a orange cast.”
"Oh, um...fine."
"D'you want to eat? My mum just showed up with the pizza."
He was startled when John spoke to him. "How're things?"
John: 22
"On the street?"
The door opened, and John was almost immediately met with a kiss, Sherlock latching onto his bottom lip fiercely, as though his absence for most of the day was more upsetting than Sherlock had anticipated it would be. He kissed back steadily, but with a reserve that brought Sherlock to his senses and forced him to pull away and ask, “What?”
"What are you doing here?" Sherlock was nothing if not blunt.
“I do. And I would tell you to save it for tomorrow if I didn’t know that Mycroft is going to give you an even better one.”
“Oh, hush.” Mrs. Holmes returned her attention to the album.
“I don’t care. You know what happened last week with the bookshelves. You are ten years old, and a very bright child, I expect you to be able to come and tell me when your three-year-old brother is about to do something that might get him killed, even if you can’t put a stop to it yourself.”
“Don’t you want to know if this is toxic?”
Sherlock sighed. “It depends. Increasingly often.”
John sighed. “Alright. But only if we share it up on the astronomy tower tonight.”
"Now who's being unfair," Sherlock muttered indignantly. That was his tell—John knew that Sherlock was beyond the point of no return when his letters began to jumble.
"They're not
"Christ," John murmured. He could feel the sensation building, and when Sherlock's hips started moving frantically, he knew he would be gone soon.
But it didn't. The boggart just lay there, still in the form of a corpse, until finally it rolled over and, instead of the rotting vampire, donned the bloodied and disfigured face of John Watson.
“Get on with it, then.”
"For the thousandth time, Sherlock,
John kissed Sherlock's shoulder blade through the sweatshirt he wore.
“Not sure why.” Sherlock buried his face against John’s neck and put his arms around him. “Happy birthday, John.”
“The stars? Yes, I suppose they are.”
Sherlock scrunched up his nose. “‘Love’?”
“Yeah, but whether or not you fall off your broom has a lot to do with sleep deprivation. Don’t tell me you stay up like this before your matches.”
"No, thank you for being a nutter and making me realize it was a good idea."
"Jason Claiborne?"
“Well, there are…” John struggled with the right words to use. “There are things you don’t see when someone’s got clothes on.”
"Yes, it is."
"Hmm. Little," Sherlock replied.
"No, it's brilliant!"
"You only think that because it happened today. Give it a few weeks, you'll get over it."
John didn’t say anything. She bloody well knew it did. “I just wanted to put together the club to spend some time practicing defense, that’s all.”
"Take my hand," John murmured, holding it out. When Sherlock hesitated, John took control, pulling Sherlock in suddenly and swaying to the quick-paced music. He grinned. "Dance with me."
John made to walk to the cupboard in the corner.
"Then you can take them off."
"A gift. From your Aunt Tilly."
“So do I.”
“How?”
"A little."
“Yeah, thanks, Sally,” John replied, shrugging her hand off his own shoulder and making his way over to the armchair to shake Lestrade’s.
Mike bit his lip. “You know...I’ve got an idea.”
There was no real reason to follow the sound, just morbid curiosity and the cruelty of a lifetime of conditioning to respond to the sound.
"If you insist."
John nestled in close, letting the smell and feel of Sherlock drag him out of the cold and into sleep.
“No, it’s alright.”
John stared in horror as she pulled from withing layers of packaging materials another suit, green, with ruffles around the neck.
“What? Why not?”
"No, I'm sorry, I..."
He put down his fork. “Alright, Harry. Fine. It was a date. I went on a date with Sherlock Holmes, and I’m meeting him again later. Don’t ask about it ever again.”
"Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?" He pushed him away much harder than he'd intended, sending Sherlock flying and knocking him to the ground.
“I…I don’t know. I’ll see you later, Molly,” he blurted, then ran from the room, scooping up the brick as he went.
“You like watching me eat?”
John's brow furrowed. "What for?"
in the middle of the night?”
The first week they spent back at Hogwarts was, for Sherlock, utter torture. If he was being completely honest with himself, he had lost interest in Moriarty, so there was very little to distract him from not being able to drag John up to his bedroom any time he felt like it. Perhaps that was why the ongoing case was boring him—he spent every spare moment thinking up more and more far-fetched ways to sneak up to Gryffindor Tower, a much more pressing matter to him at the moment.
Sherlock shifted into a sitting position under him. "A game."
John couldn’t contain his amusement. It was true—he was the one most likely to pull Sherlock out of danger, the one most likely to get him out of trouble for breaking his mother’s oft-broken-and-secretly-repaired vase, and the only one he’d willingly step away from casework for.
It couldn’t possibly surprise him, and yet he still felt like he’d been betrayed, like he’d been left out of something important. Something dangerous.
"Sherlock, calm down. Everyone's at Dueling Club, and then they'll all go to dinner. We can take it slowly," John pointed out now, somewhat disappointed at the lack of physical contact while Sherlock less-than-gracefully tore off his clothes.
“Who are you?” Only John himself could possibly have heard the desperation in the man’s voice as he kept himself from shouting.
"Yes. Do you know where I found him?"
Sherlock nodded, still sore.
"What? No, of course not."
"Fancied an ice cream."
"What?"
“Oh. Right.” John recalled the way he’d caught a second-year sneaking by the librarian just last week. He knelt down beside one of the taller bookcases and motioned for Stamford to follow.
It was a pretty dodgy part of town: drug dealers on nearly every corner, with crack dens in-between. He was unsurprised to come across a few addicts on the street, track marks barely hidden by jackets with half-rolled sleeves, always a signal to avoid someone who was likely high. Some of them didn't even look his way; others gazed at him, unblinking, seeming to wonder whether he was worth mugging. All of them came to the conclusion that he wasn't. Not that he cared--he had his gun tucked safely into his coat.
"You don't even want your gift?" Sherlock asked him. He gave him a sultry look, pulled him in by the hips.
“Yeah, of course I have. But why shouldn’t I—”
The nightmares were returning with a vengeance. The only thing that allowed John’s breathing to steady itself was the illusion of his friend’s presence. It was like a lullaby—a false lullaby that put him to sleep and brought on more nightmares.
“Well, per-perhaps,” he conceded as John moved closer, still cupping his shoulder and now moving in for a kiss.
Wendy was the first to gather herself. Mrs. Holmes was still beaming with pride as her sister said, “I’m sorry, Sherlock, but what on earth do you mean? Mason was simply making conversation with your John about that funny business when you were inclined to believe that servants should be intelligent. How am I to understand that he was insulting you?”
John could feel the blood rising in his face as Sherlock's eyes swept over him, clearly gauging his reaction to the repeated phrase.
Sherlock grinned. "No."
Before John could react, Sherlock had flipped them both over, so that he was lying on his stomach, his chest between John's legs, his elbows on either side of his pelvis. His hands were bound into a prayerful pose right at the waistband of John's boxers. They stared at each other for a moment before bursting into laughter.
Sherlock was upstairs almost as soon as the front door opened. John knew he would be occupied with his new ‘toy’ for a few hours, so instead of following him, he stood in the foyer.
John's eyes bulged, and he looked around wildly for the culprit.
“Wendy, dear, how are you?” she said, sweet but reserved, as though appraising the situation while still hoping to keep it under control.
“Sorry boys. I’m soooo
“Yes, it is. But…this year, I’ve got someone who’ll stand up for me, who’s not already under fire himself.” Sherlock’s fingers found John’s cheek and touched it lightly. “Thank you, John,” he whispered. “You don’t know how much that means to me.”
Finally having removed them, Sherlock slid them along the floor, putting as much distance between the clothing and themselves as possible. John staggered and leaned against the nearest vertical surface, panting. “Jesus. Oh, Christ,” he muttered between heavy breaths that didn’t seem to be doing anything productive.
"Hm?"
They always passed and waved to John's flatmate as they left, pulling on coats as they rushed out. If he was in a particular mood, Sherlock would even shout, "See you later, Ben," behind them as the door closed, and John wouldn't bother correcting him because they were in a hurry, and it didn't matter anyway, because Sherlock would still get Bill's name wrong next time.
"But you already know everything about me!"
Sherlock stood at one end of the field, his bow down at his side, but his arm still taut, ready to take aim should he need to.
“No, thank you, Kreacher.”
“Sherlock, are you…are you nervous?” It was something that John didn’t think him capable of at this point.
“I suppose it went well?”
They wandered through the house in silence, dodging the minimal security measures that looked as though they wouldn’t have held up even if they worked, they were so ancient. John decided that the house was probably being held up by nothing but magic. He was just about to say so when Sherlock suddenly went stiff beside him.
“Sure.” As soon as he’d said it, John realized he shouldn’t. He shouldn’t want to spend his Saturday night with this insane boy who kept trying to cram bits of information about his worst subject into his head rather hatefully.
He was rinsing his hands when a boy he recognized from chemistry entered. He stopped dead at the sight of him, then smiled and held out a hand. “Holmes, was it?”
Sherlock: 16
Molly was quick to forgive him for almost missing his entrance when he told her why.
Lestrade paused, eyeing him curiously. “Yeah, well. It better not.” He threw John his broom. “You might need this,” he added, then led the team from the room.
"Are you kidding? You have to search for the good ones."
"This has been...good. Thank you," Sherlock said, taking a sip and leaning on his elbow.
“Oh. Well, we didn’t talk for long. He didn’t mention it.”
“I told you, we’re trying to figure out what Polly Winston is doing when she sneaks out of the castle.”
"Like you like him."
“Moriarty,” Sherlock replied, not hostile, but certainly not friendly.
John nodded toward a young woman on a bench.
"Afghanistan."
“I wanna go on the monkey bars,” Sherlock squeaked with a slight lisp.
John winced at his tone. “Are they that bad?”
“Hmm?” Sherlock said, although he knew what John was getting at.
“Of course I do, I have a sister. You spend all your bloody time trying to feel superior to your sister, and you bully her sons to make your case. If you spent half as much time trying to get to know Sherlock as you do tearing him down with your backhanded comments and obnoxious praise of your own oh-so-
Sherlock was no longer staring at John. “Stop it.”
Soon Sherlock had joined him. They sank to the floor and ended up in a heap, breaths heavy and stomachs aching.
“Then I’ll speak with them. Where can I find them?”
Sherlock stopped suddenly, and John nearly left him behind before noticing him kneeling close to the ground, studying something buried in leaves. “What is it?” John asked, unable to contain his curiosity.
“John, is that the boy from earlier?”
"Are you gonna play, Sherlock?" John asked him, startling him with a playful nudge and a wink.
“Piss off, I’m hearing about your childhood.”
“You…didn’t seem like that type of bloke.”
if you are at full speed on a horse."
There was a tap at the window. He was half-convinced he’d imagined it.
“I don’t remember agreeing. I remember you bribing me with the prospect of a Third Date.”
"Sherlock someone has died already."
"'Under-dramatic'?"
clothes could be so fascinating, so erotic.
“Happy as ever to be graced with your presence, Sherlock,” Sherlock’s mother added as she entered the room from what could only be the kitchen. If he weren’t fighting the urge to spontaneously combust, John would have laughed as he realized he’d found the source of Sherlock’s sarcastic tendencies.
“I found it in a Muggle shop. Ridiculous, isn’t it?”
"But what about the girl?"
"No. You didn't even know."
“Did you have a nice night?” Mrs. Hudson asked them, busying herself with the kettle.
Sherlock dragged John through the door to the Room of Requirement as soon as it appeared and threw him back against it as it closed, losing the last of his self-control now that there was what would appear to be a blank stretch of wall separating them from the rest of the school. The way his lips moved against John’s lips, his jaw, his neck, nearly made John’s knees give out.
“Sherlock Holmes. It’s about time we met.”
Much to John's frustration, Sherlock played the trick with the dripping ice cream as much as he could until the last bit could be sucked out of the cone like a vacuum.
John glared at him for a long while. He pursed his lips and he sniffed insolently. However, he eventually muttered, "Fine."
Sherlock nodded. “I suppose that’s fairly important to me as well,” he said, guiding John’s hands to his hips and letting himself be pulled in.
It was a long while before Sherlock said, "Good."
"What the
When he was free of the babble of hundreds of students eating and speaking with friends they hadn’t seen all summer, John could clearly hear footsteps on the stair to the dungeons.
“On Christmas morning, the boys open up most of their presents, and then some of our extended family come for Christmas dinner and a little gift exchange.” Sherlock scoffed as his father mentioned relatives.
"Thank you, John," Sherlock said after a moment, taking a swig from one of the water bottles.
"What, Sherlock," he snapped.
“I miss you,” Sherlock protested, and John laughed at his indignant tone.
“I’m serious, John. I can read all sorts of people, know who they are and where they’ve been at a glance, but I’m complete rubbish at understanding how they interact.”
"Thanks. It is strange to be back, though. And supervising you lot. As an adult, would you believe?"
He smiled at him dangerously as the second blow oozed down his right cheek. “Oh, Sherlock, do you know what you’re doing?” Then he pounced on him, pinning him against the wall and attaching his lips to the closest bit of him that wasn’t orange, which happened to be the spot where his neck met his shoulder, which had been protected by his shirt, always unbuttoned at the first two if he could get away with it.
"Because I think people think it's wrong."
“Of course I’m worried. The man forgets to eat, it’s easy to see him forgetting about his foot and getting himself into a situation where he has to run for his life.”
"I didn't mean--I mean, if you don't want to, I--you don't have to."
“Doesn’t it?” Mycroft countered.
"Are you sure you don't want to try some practical potions work?" Sherlock whined as they trudged back, their scarves pulled tight against the wind.
“This way!”
The picture of decorum, John went up to Sherlock's room to change into his own suit.
“Alright. So will you try again?”
idea.
“Sleeping,” John answered simply. He wasn’t really in the mood to deal with Stamford’s enthusiasm; he already had enough of his own in returning to school.
It was dark by the time Sherlock headed back to the flat. The lights were all off, and as soon as he approached the door, he knew something was wrong.
Andrew stepped toward Sherlock and flicked his ear. "Of course."
Sherlock: 13
What if he wasn't in the greenhouses? What if something had happened that Sherlock was unaware of? He realized in that moment that it was impossible for him to always be there for John, and that there was always the possibility that Moriarty would take advantage of that.
“No, actually,” Sherlock replied after a moment’s contemplation. “This is quite nice, I think.” Another minute passed before he said, “Have I told you about my reason for joining the Quidditch team?”
"Doesn't matter," Sherlock growled. "You should always be ready"--he slapped him again--"to suffer the consequences."
"Zoologist?"
“What? Why not?”
“Take it,” he said, the desperation becoming more and more evident.
"Only that you've got a biology exam you're worried about, your trip home last weekend was particularly stressful, and you've recently been considering going into the army."
"Don't worry, we're decent," John said, though he was blushing furiously.
John raised an eyebrow. "Sure. What did you have in mind?"
Mycroft stood suddenly and pointed at a vase on the mantelpiece. “
"Do I appear to have been seriously harmed in any way?"
"Good. Just don't kidnap any baby brothers to make it happen."
“So you
alright?"
"Keep doing that, please."
“Good.”
"Oh, please, John, I'm an expert in fencing. I am perfectly capable of handling a small blade."
“I will stop you,” Sherlock said after a moment to recover from Moriarty’s sudden change of temperament.
"Well, that’s good. Wouldn’t want the attraction to be too one-sided." Sherlock smirked at his own words and nipped at John’s ear lobe. He drew his knee up between John’s legs, slowly pressing himself against him.
“Eh, that’s alright, mate,” Harry put in. “Christmas holidays coming up, I’m sure you can’t wait to get away from lessons.”
Sherlock stopped in the middle of the pavement. People huffed as they passed by. “What?”
"No, Sherlock, I've got to get to Transfiguration," John said firmly. "Some of us are actually concerned about our OWLs."
He snapped his fingers without looking, and his plate was suddenly spotless.
John didn't trust himself not to throw something. Fists clenched, he turned his back on Sherlock, breathing deeply. "I'm going to meet my mother," John repeated, dangerously quiet. "We are going to arrange my dad's funeral. If you don't like that...I don't know."
Molly shook her head. "I'll see you later, then?"
McGonagall had turned to walk away, but Sherlock’s panicked tone made her turn back. "Mr. Holmes, if a student is kidnapping other students, something needs to be done."
“Yes. And I’m gonna go all the way across.”
"Oh, please, can we not talk about Mycroft after we've just had sex?"
Sherlock rolled over onto his side, never breaking the loop of his arms that encircled John.
John thought long and hard about that one before realizing he'd never studied it. "That's not going to be on our OWLs."
John blew out a puff of air and raised his eyebrows. "What do you mean?"
"So, no?"
haven't got a license. I'm driving, that's the end of it."
looking forward to the holidays. I’m spending them with Clara.” John felt his own eyebrows knit together at the pointed look Harry gave Sherlock.
John smirked and held out a hand.
It was an honest misunderstanding, he knew, but that didn't change the awkwardness of having to explain to the poor new girl from chemistry that a) he was male, and b) he had a boyfriend. When she'd walked up to him at his table that day--Valentine's, no less--he'd been baffled. It was when she began asking if he'd like to see a movie that night that he looked up and peered at her through his safety goggles.
"Alright, then. I pushed Mycroft from a tree when I was seven years old."
"Oh, you'll be an expert much sooner than that."
Sherlock, still shaking like a leaf, rolled his eyes. John snorted.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” Sherlock muttered, touching his arm. It seemed to be the spark that finally lit John’s tinderbox of a temper.
“Not good?”
“Thank you.”
The silence returned. It was more than John could bear. Before he had a chance to change his mind, he stood, leaned down, and gently pressed his lips to Sherlock’s.
“Ask him what?”
John stared at him, his curls tamed for the time being, hair-care potion evidently being Sherlock's friend for the night's event. Sherlock was always stunning, as far as John was concerned (provided he'd managed to keep an experiment from turning his face some unsightly color), but there was something about him tonight that John wanted to place, but couldn't. He doubted whether it was the perfectly tailored dress robes or the extra care he'd taken with his hair that made him so irresistible, but instead his excitement, the very same excitement he'd been trying to suppress all week.
John gasped.
John crouched there on the asphalt, his mouth agape, tears flowing freely from his wide-open eyes.
“Then we’d best make the most of it.”
Sherlock shrugged.
"It's just that--I've been thinking. And I think we should." He squeezed Sherlock's hand. "I love you, Sherlock. You're my best friend. I've never felt the same way for anyone. And you're a damn good shag," he joked. Sherlock shook his head as John continued. "I've already spent most of my life with you. I want to spend the rest of it with you, too."
Yes, two chapters tonight!
Sherlock snorted in amusement. “Of course I do. Bloody moron had it coming. Why is this match such a big deal, though? That was last year.”
"Just give me the fucking number, Sherlock."
“There’s a cupboard across the hall with towels in it. That’s usually where I get them from.”
“Now, Sherlock, that’s no way to speak of your family,” his father scolded, but Sherlock was hardly listening.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’ll say.” He smiled. “Hello.”
“Just tell him the opposite and he’ll return to normal.”
“Well, that’s what I mean. He’s not an easy person to get along with.”
In the end, John chose the pasta. He was delighted but unsurprised to find that it was just as authentic as the tortellini he’d had in Italy. His aunt and uncle had taken him and Harry on holiday there three years ago. John smiled at the memory; Harry had spent most of that trip carousing about with a local girl, and had eventually been picked up at the local Muggle police station by a very irate Aunt Edith when it turned out the girl was a rather infamous pickpocket.
“Oh, it’s broken. We’ve got to go to A&E. Siger, get the car.” Mrs. Holmes turned back to Sherlock. “I’m going to lift you up, now, sweetie. Can you let go of John’s hand?”
drew me
“Sherlock, OWLs are important.”
It had become such a habit of his to study his fellow occupants of the lift for clues about their recent activities that Sherlock couldn't keep himself from doing the same to John Watson.
. Everything was different about Sherlock Holmes.
“Can you shut it about Irene Adler?”
Sherlock knew exactly why McGonagall had been so keen to allow such a simple request as this. After what happened last year, she owed John whatever he desired. John's blush deepened at the look Sherlock shot him.
Sherlock shrugged. “I suppose he’s worried about competition, he hasn’t got the prettiest face on the grounds.”
Sherlock, however, got bored rather quickly with his assigned area. At three years old, he wasn’t allowed anywhere near the monkey bars. If his parents hadn’t made that clear enough, Mycroft reminded him haughtily every week. On this particular occasion, Sherlock sat in a swing sulkily as John Watson pushed him gently forwards and backwards. He stared off towards his older brother, leaping gracefully from bar to bar.
“He’s been bored. Not had a case for ages,” John answered for him, and Sherlock sighed in agreement as he seemed to reluctantly enjoy his meal.
“Me too.”
“It’s great to have some company for Christmas Eve,” Mrs. Holmes was saying as John ate pudding and tried to ignore the look Sherlock was giving him. It was like he was trying to see how long it would take for him to leap down the table and devour him. “Especially someone Sherlock’s so fond of.”
to him?
Later, Wilson accepted John’s offer to help him drag his father to the curb to hail the Knight Bus.
“Perfect.”
“Er, well…” John hadn’t been prepared to answer questions about something so trivial as his own food preferences. “I suppose I like…well…”
“But I haven’t.”
"Hey, Sherlock, I didn't..." John reached out a hand to pat Sherlock's shoulder, but stopped halfway there.
The fondness written all across John's features squeezed Sherlock's heart, forcing it to work that much harder. "You don't have to be sorry. I've known you my whole life, I knew what I was getting into when I asked you to move in."
"I thought we were going to hospital?"
When he reached the corridor, he leaned against the wall with his face in his hands and slid down it until he was sitting on the floor. What had he just done? That was Sherlock’s family. He wasn’t supposed to be rude. He was supposed to sit there like a nice boy, nod and smile, make polite conversation and make a good impression. What he’d done instead was shout at Sherlock’s aunt and stomp out of the room like a baby. Perhaps he was spending too much time with Sherlock. That thought, at least, brought a cautious smile to his lips.
“He was only a few weeks old in that one,” his mother said, and turned to another that seemed to have been taken on the same day. In this one, a tiny Mycroft sat beside his brother, poking at his cheek curiously as Sherlock regarded him, no longer grinning.
“Go get them, then.”
“In a bit. I’m not done hearing embarrassing stories.”
"What
And here we have a deerstalker appearance, of course.
Sherlock felt beneath the water, and sure enough, there was something feeling suspiciously like a tentacle wrapped around John’s ankle, as well as slippery rope bound tightly around his waist.
Still, he would pull off posh-but-scuffed shoes and draw the sheets over the limp form of his flatmate, his dead weight on top of all the covers sometimes making the latter quite difficult, in which case John would bitterly hope to roll Sherlock off the bed completely as he tugged the sheets free.
“Yes. And yes, it is your fault. And if you don’t shut up now, it’s going to happen again.”
"I cannot believe--you just--shoved him--and he just--dropped the knife," Sherlock groaned between rough kisses against the door of 221B.
He nodded cautiously.
"Okay, we've lost power. But I'm sure it'll be back in a few hours, tops."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "How are you going to stop me?"
“Wonderful.”
"No hands at all?" Sherlock repeated.
Sherlock jumped up from his chair and dragged John to the deserted hall, where he lost all semblance of decorum and threw him up against the wall, latching onto his neck, loosening his tie as he worked his way down past his throat.
"I heard you, I just...bloody hell, Sherlock, are you insane? I can't joust!"
Sherlock groaned, but didn’t protest as John brought his own phone to his ear. “It’s John. Did you see Sherlock’s text?” As the voice on the other end responded in the negative, John shot Sherlock a look. “I’m sure he gave you the address if you look. We’ve had a run-in with Moriarty.”
"Y-y-you are s-so bloody s-stubborn. You're rid-diculous."
“You’re doing a fine job of it,” John laughed. He carded a hand through Sherlock’s curls and pressed the other to the small of his back. “I suppose that’s nothing new.”
"Nonsense. If you want to be a zookeeper, be a zookeeper," Sherlock teased.
“Oh, wonderful! What should Kreacher fetch for John Watson?”
"Then why didn't you say anything?"
“How on earth do you cope?” Sherlock teased.
"Well, if
“You can talk, Johnny-boy. Go ahead.”
She grinned. “Have fun. And do wear that nice blue jumper your aunt gave you for Christmas. It looks great on you.”
John noticed that his fingers had begun stroking Sherlock’s ribs after the fact. “Of course.”
"She taught us the simple box step, and then the more complicated turns, and with each one, after we mastered it, she would--oh." Something had clearly just occurred to him that hadn't before. John stared at him suspiciously. "Yes!" Before John knew what was happening, there was a large hand on either side of his head, pulling it forward so that Sherlock could kiss his forehead firmly. "You are amazing, my conductor of light!"
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw John discreetly looking him up and down before pressing the button to call the lift. "I don't suppose I could ever stand a chance against you, though."
"You mean when we were kids?"
"Yes?" Sherlock replied, trying and failing to hide the eagerness in his tone.
“Now, now, Sherlock, I’d say that’s fairly obvious, considering I've just, you know...introduced myself."
“Alright, let’s see…You’re a big boy now? No, that doensn’t work…”
“John.”
"I can't fucking believe it," the guy said, shaking his head as much as he could in its trap. He indicated John with a slight tip of his chin. "I knew something was up with this one walking around posing as an actor."
For the moment that Sherlock's lips touched his, John forgot that they were in public. He forgot the awkward encounter with the young man, forgot that they still had cake to eat.
Sherlock was locking the door. In fact, John had forced him to.
Sherlock’s face scrunched up indignantly. “I’m gonna go on the monkey bars.”
“This song is much too upbeat for this kind of dancing,” Sherlock protested.
Sherlock's silence was the loudest thing in the room.
No. He was being irrational. He realized, as the last student in front of him took her place before the trunk, that there was no stopping it. He would have to simply give Moriarty purple hair and do damage control later.
They continued perusing the photos from Sherlock’s childhood. Mrs. Holmes told him stories that made them both laugh and that would probably turn Sherlock’s whole head into a radish if he were in the room.
Sherlock nodded. “Get rid of that ridiculous jumper first.”
John: 27
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock demanded.
It wasn't even snowing outside, just unbearably
John was sniffling and shaking, rolled up into a ball and trying not to wail.
John kissed him. "It'll be back to normal in no time."
Sherlock’s eyes went wide. “Oh,” he said.
“No, there’s too much negativity surrounding that for it to be a good one. Pick another.”
"Sure."
There was no telling where they were, so John took in all the sounds and smells: chlorine…a sort of dripping sound echoing from a fairly low ceiling. A swimming pool. No sooner had he thought so than the sack was pulled from his head, revealing one shimmering a few feet away. Under different circumstances, he might have laughed when his next thought was that Sherlock would be proud of him for deducing as much.
“Oh, trust me, I know that.”
“No, Sherlock, don’t you dare say anything, I’m still upset with you. If you wanted your dressing gown, you should’ve said something and I would’ve cleaned up the glass. Hell, I probably would have brought it to you. But instead you directly defied doctor’s orders while risking another injury.” John looked at the new cut. “Christ, this one actually has glass in it.”
“Ha, imagine that.”
Sherlock nodded. “I did say that Mummy started it for me. But it was my idea. I figured everyone should have one really fantastic day every once in a while.”
"I don't love freezing to death."
Sherlock Holmes hadn't had the most pleasant week.
“No,” John replied.
Sherlock didn't say anything.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but said nothing to the effect of “Of course, don’t be absurd.” Instead, he asked, “What do you want to do?”
"Harry, leave it," John warned.
"Do you miss them?"
“Right,” John said, awkwardness settling into the space between them. It was somehow solidified when he leant over and pecked her on the cheek. She walked away without another word.
fairly mediocre," Sherlock put in playfully.
Then he remembered that magic existed.
"Yes."
“Yeah.”
However, he simply said, “Yes. Beautiful,” before falling back into silence.
And shrinking. And shrinking. To the size of a toddler.
He turned to walk away. With a flick of his wand, John’s legs were free to kick and thrash suddenly against Sherlock’s side, forcing him to look away from the boy he’d been investigating for weeks without even knowing his name.
He stopped, looked back around.
John nodded. "I do remember. You were...three years old?"
“D’you still want to go upstairs?” John asked, breathless, as Sherlock pressed his lips against his neck.
“Now that that’s over,” Mrs. Holmes said, and began handing out presents.
“Like this?”
. Okay, let's find you something to change into first, yeah? Unless you want to call your mum."
Sherlock glanced around the room. “So we did.”
"Sherlock, what are you doing up there?"
“Wilkes. Sebastian.” As the handshake broke, he turned to the mirror and started preening in typical schoolboy fashion. Sherlock unsuccessfully resisted rolling his eyes. “Where d’you come from again? Never mind,” he continued, cutting across Sherlock’s response. “I’m sure you don’t want to talk about that.”
Half an hour later, he was being interrupted again, this time by Mike Stamford. “What do you want, Mike?” he sighed, his patience wearing thin.
“Hold on. Please, just try one more time. For me.”
"Boys, I think you've got a long while before either of you are old," Mr. Holmes cut in.
John grinned. “See this trust we’ve established? This is the first step.”
Sherlock raised an amused eyebrow. “You didn’t have enough of that this morning?”
Sherlock rounded on John with a sigh. They were right at the edge of the Forest now, yards away from Hagrid’s pumpkin patch. “Do try to keep up, John.”
“Mummy has sent me to tell you to get out of bed and get dressed. Uncle Rudy’s coming to visit.”
Sherlock shook his head and grinned. "Not necessary. Bed."
"How?"
Sherlock nodded.
"Yeah, since she clearly didn't give you enough love in your childhood, now that you have to go after a woman twice your age to fulfill the need for motherly affection."
"You're my boyfriend. And I feel as though my boyfriend should stop teasing me or he might find himself alone at A&E."
“John, don’t you dare step one foot out that door.”
talk.”
“J-John! I didn’t know you were—”
“But surely you must have met by some sort of interesting circumstance. I would be shocked to find you in the same social circles as one would find Sherlock,” she went on, as if John had been the one to answer her question.
John laughed. "Sherlock, that wasn't really a date."
"Caught off guard, huh?" His speech was thick and slurred with sleep, but his eyes were playful.
“You can’t just—”
“Maniac?” John repeated, startled.
"I really don't know," he admitted. "One minute we were dueling, and the next...Sherlock, I was so worried."
“She is rather temperamental, isn’t she?”
"Stay warm."
The arm around John's back tensed as Sherlock leaned forward for a kiss. After a moment, he suddenly said, "Do you want children, John?"
Hey look, tragic backstory! Also, you know, temporal context!
“What a stupid reason not to go out with someone.”
"I was just going to say...no. Never mind, that's inappropriate."
“Ready?” Sherlock said.
John breathed a sigh of relief. He'd just directed his horse to the post, and was even holding a long, thin lance that he hadn't any clue what to do with.
"I wanted to know what it was like to kiss you."
John looked like he was struggling for the right words. "Why did you do it?" he finally asked.
"No! I'll be...fine. Stopping now would be...much more uncomfortable..."
John nudged him. "At least we're both handsome devils. That's good for something."
Mycroft sighed. “You could’ve done with a bit more tact, Mother.”
I may not have real science to back me up, but hey, I try.
“I dunno, Mike.”
“You may not see it since he’s so odd to begin with, but he’s mad for you, too.”
That was when Sherlock realized he needed
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but indulged John's kiss. His fingers found the back of John's head and ran through his hair. "You're going to need a haircut soon," he murmured against John's lips.
"Thank you, Mike," Sherlock said, and he knew he could never thank him enough.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Please stop overreacting, John."
I don't even have anything to say. You know I'm a deadbeat.
“What are you doing over here, Sherlock?” Mycroft demanded.
, he should be able to get anyone at uni. If he can't, there must be something wrong with him."
“Of course not. Not in the wizarding world.”
Sherlock waited impatiently, and when he finally heard John's knock, he practically leapt to the door in a single bound.
Sherlock almost convinced himself not to go back to school the next day. He assumed Mycroft’s attempt to rewind the day had been unsuccessful, as he never returned to the house that night. He wasn’t sure how he dragged himself to the bus stop, or how he forced himself to get off near the school, but here he was, trying to remain invisible as he walked to his first lesson of the day.
Harry grinned triumphantly, and it was all John could do to keep from flinging a carrot at her.
Great start. I procrastinated an assignment and started falling asleep at my laptop. Anyway, see you tomorrow!
“I’ll tell you. It’s when two people who like each other go out and have fun.”
It ended the way it always did. Sherlock, after driving John completely mad, declared that he was bored, and that if they weren’t going to go any further, he would rather check up on his experiments and receive his gift from John. Then he hurried from the room, and John had no choice but to follow.
When that moment did come, Sherlock talked very quickly about all of the things they were going to do that day before quite suddenly falling silent and staring into the smallest of his cauldron collection. John shook his head. There was no way he was pulling Sherlock away for at least an hour, and there was surely something he could do until then.
John was surprised when they stepped out of the house and found a cab waiting for them.
"John."
"What about them?"
There was a small click in his ear, and the slight static from John’s earpiece cut off. It was time for the show, he realized.
John walked over and laid across the bed beside him, an arm wrapped casually around Sherlock’s waist, his head almost in Sherlock’s lap. “Of course I’ll stay in here.”
“John, calm down. It’s over.”
“Oh, no. Oh, no no no,” Sherlock said, dropping his face into his hands. “I can’t believe it.” He racked his brain for possible solutions, from emigration to full-fledged kidnapping, before he remembered.
He stopped dead when the thought crossed his mind, and he reminded himself: “
"Oh, there's a nice change of pace." John rolled his eyes.
“Come, John. Louise Mortimer can’t find her owl anywhere. Says she last saw it three weeks ago.”
“Come on. He’s not that bad.”
"Can you believe he thought we were on a date?" John hissed.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock flopped onto his bed. "I've been working on this damned essay all day. It's so tedious. It's exhausting."
Sherlock’s gloved hand brushed aside the debris of autumn and slowly lifted a purple ribbon to John’s eye level. He studied it, sniffed it, twisted it in his fingers. Then he handed it to John and turned back toward the castle.
As it turned out, he had seemed to master his body’s reactions to John’s naked one in under an hour, and as he helped the other boy wash his hair he smirked in spite of himself.
Sherlock studied him. "Is it?"
John tried to stand his ground, but his brow furrowed curiously, giving him away. If Sherlock could perform magic with just his eyes, Mason would already be nothing more than a pile of dust.
"You really think I’m physically attractive?"
“Come now, John, you don’t mean that. You can believe it wholeheartedly.”
“I’m sorry, brother dear, but since your birthday, you’ve not managed to go a day without knocking something from a shelf and sending it flying across the room.”
When he hung up the phone, there was a sort of ringing in his ears that he couldn't quite place. When he saw Sherlock enter the sitting room from the corner of his eye, he realized he was angry, but he couldn't tell what or who had caused it.
“There are other ways you could show it.”
Sherlock panicked. He scooped up the toddler—who was luckily still wrapped up in the T-shirt John had changed into after school—and ran from the house, hardly remembering to shut the door behind him. He charged past the pizza delivery man on the pavement, not even registering the pizza he’d been so eager for being knocked out of the guy’s hands and onto the bonnet of a parked car.
Sherlock paused, tightened his arms around John. “Sorry.”
He felt Sherlock shudder as he let John’s tongue explore just past his lips. It was met with a whimper from John as Sherlock simultaneously sucked at John’s tongue and allowed his hands to drift, exploring John’s clothed body in a way they never had, full of cautious hope and anticipation and the feeling of walls not being knocked down at once, but being torn down brick by brick. He rubbed John’s shoulder blades and massaged his lower back and slid a firm line up each of his sides reverently, as though he’d memorized the surface with all of the feather-light touches of the past but was finally being given the chance to understand the precise way John’s muscles tensed and relaxed under his hands.
“Nothing I couldn’t handle, though someday I’d like to hit that bloody self-righteous smirk right off his face.”
"Sherlock?" John almost stilled, but Sherlock's response was to grunt indignantly and push back, so he kept going. "Sherlock, are you alright?"
"Third? That means
“Don’t,” John muttered, raising his gun. He glanced at Sherlock, still crumpled in the corner. “Don’t you dare,” he said to the man looming over him. “Drop the knife, get up against that wall, and put your hands where I can see them, or so help me God, I
After listening for a moment, Moriarty made John jump when he suddenly shouted into the receiver.
John almost slapped him. "You might need an ambulance. What
"It's not actually jousting. You just ride a horse and hold a lance."
Sherlock stared at the ceiling and puffed air out of his nostrils. "Bickering is getting us nowhere."
“How are we supposed to get into the Restricted Section without permission?”
Sherlock stared at him, uncomprehending. “Why would that be any different?”
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock.”
"See?"
“Because I’m not stupid.”
“You seem to have produced a lemur. Before it was transformed to better fit the décor of the mortal realm, this vase was originally a bone taken from the upper leg of a human skeleton, otherwise known as—”
oddly comfortable," John said.
“Come on, Sherlock. I haven’t had a good night’s sleep all week. This is an important match.”
John's cheeks reddened, but he smiled. "Would you?"
"Jesus, Sherlock, that still sounds like an accident."
were you thinking?" John shoved him again, forcing him back a few steps.
“He did. He knows you were telling the truth. He’s such a
Sherlock's roommate, at least, thought he was more intriguing than frightening. Victor even spoke with him sometimes, about things other than the dormitory they cohabited. He was a chemistry student himself, so he found Sherlock's designated "experiment corner" interesting, if a little eccentric, and he didn't mind as much as most when Sherlock accidentally deduced things about where he'd been and what he'd been doing. In fact, instead of getting angry, he would laugh and confirm Sherlock's suspicions.
John shook his head and smiled. "Our parents were there, Sherlock."
"I don’t know what he’s doing, that’s the problem. Aside from kidnapping John, of course."
“What, is that it? A…a ribbon?” John said, jogging to keep up with Sherlock’s brisk, long gait.
"I don't think
“Putting Mycroft under stress was probably the happiest I felt in my childhood, so there’s no point in trying again if that didn’t work.”
"But Dad says--"
Mycroft shot him his usual suspicious look when John passed him on his way to Defense Against the Dark Arts, and Irene Adler glanced at him with a knowing smile as he descended the stairs to his Potions lesson.
He did his best to avoid the other inhabitants of the house. He wasn’t overly fond of the idea of his first full conversation with Sherlock’s parents happening without Sherlock present. If he was being completely honest with himself, the prospect of being properly introduced was a bit frightening. He was nervous, to say the least. But the house was large enough for John to go unnoticed by Mr. and Mrs. Holmes quite effortlessly as he went from room to room, entering only the ones which were open and clearly not private.
in return. It's in this 'verse, but a year in the future is where I place it.
try to spot a fucking golden marble on a day like this?” Harry interjected.
Sherlock woke on his side, a dull pain drumming in his head to draw attention away from the burning behind his eyes.
It has been a LONG two weeks. I've missed you guys.
Sherlock couldn’t bring himself to speak. He felt his cheeks heating up, but didn’t want to acknowledge why.
“Well, I…I haven’t been able to…”
“I was in Hogsmeade today. With Sherlock.”
Sherlock was grateful that the door opened at that moment, because if it hadn't he might have done something he would regret.
“Well, that’s good to know.”
When Sherlock opened his eyes, John helped him straighten his ears.
“Sherlock?”
you and Sherlock meet?” Wendy asked.
“Shut up.”
Her eyes went dangerously wide as soon as he'd spoken. "Oh. Oh my God, I am...I am so sorry."
“Then what is it? What’s bothering you?” John whispered, just a few inches away from him now.
Sherlock nodded, refusing to look at him.
"Because no matter what you think, I never stopped loving you. Now give me your brother's goddamned phone number. Please."
shoot you.”
"Yes, it is. But it's somewhat pointless if you don't get out there and do something about it," she whispered as she passed by him, headed toward a punch bowl with a glittering beverage inside.
"Right."
"Maybe later. If you're up for it." John smirked, pulling on his coat.
“With an eye patch!”
"Hmm?"
“Oi, Watson!”
“I’ll see you later, Sherlock.”
“That was all nonsensical panic, of course, our professors had it under control, checking that every piece of post was safe to pass on. Still, there was the fact of the hexes happening to begin with. Two students were sent to St. Mungo’s before anyone would listen to me. I solved it. Since then I’ve had a reputation as this powerhouse of deductive reasoning.”
Short, but solidly built, with a touch of visible muscle, he looked a sight in his plaid boxers, with short, blond hair ruffled round one ear and mouth opened wide in a yawn. He'd been asleep, Sherlock realized, just as he looked at him and smirked.
“I’ll keep it to a minimum.”
"Like bloody...Batman....Oh, yes, that, do that again,
“Fine, fine!”
Sherlock: 23
John wondered if this was Sherlock being melodramatic or if they really were unbearably…something. To Sherlock, being boring was tantamount to the most heinous sin someone could commit.  Aunt Wendy probably had an affinity for talking too much about her mundane Ministry job or something. John knew Sherlock well enough not to rule that out as a possibility.
Her eyes narrowed. “Seb says he saw you going off with that Holmes maniac.”
John: 31
"No."
He leapt forward and pinned himself to Moriarty’s back, an arm around his neck, another around his chest. “Sherlock, run!” he grunted, struggling to make sure his grip on Moriarty was secure.
John blushed slightly, but he wasn’t about to tell them that that had been the truth of the matter, that Wilkes
John resented the condescension so much that he chose not to, and nodded instead at Sherlock, who stared John in the face for a moment more before suddenly reaching a hand into his pocket and pulling out the memory stick.
“Oh, hush, now,” Mrs. Holmes intervened before Sherlock could start telepathically tossing potatoes at his brother. “He can’t stay locked up forever. He’s a teenager, Myc.”
“What about?”
It was a while before Mike spoke again. He put a kind hand on John's shoulder. "I really am sorry to hear that, John."
All of the teenagers laughed and shouted enthusiastically.
Sherlock smirked. "Damn. I thought I had you."
“Shh. Just sit with me for a moment.”
“You’re good for him, John. Just the perfect mix of mild-mannered and willful. You’re bound to get into some trouble, though. I’m sure you two already get up to all sorts of things that I don’t know about,” she continued with a rather Sherlockian smirk, and John choked on his cider as he realized why Sherlock had clammed up. He glanced across the table to see Mycroft staring at his mother in horror. Mr. Holmes could barely contain his laughter.
John had never expected that he would use the gun.
You know where that last chapter was going. Here's that M rating.
"The good old days, huh?" Sherlock kissed him again, but with more heat this time. "What do you call today, then?"
"Take your coat off."
“Are you gonna draw a picture on my cast?”
John grimaced. "Sorry about him."
"It's about bloody time, though," Mike went on, and Sherlock's eyebrows knit together. Mike looked at him. "This bloke hasn't shut up about you for a month. Don't think he even really realized he mentioned you so much. Funny, having so much to say about someone you met only once."
“Thanks, John,” Wilson said to him as they made their way up the drive.
“Oh, nothing. Sorry. You just looked like you could use a little break.”
Sherlock nodded.
The song sounded cliché, to say the least.
"Wrong. I know everything about you
Sherlock stared at him. “I’m…vocal.”
together at least fifty times."
Everyone tumbled in, intent on at least one more stop before calling it a night. That was when they noticed the stage, the screen, and the middle-aged drunk woman belting into a microphone.
All of that processing and training, and then two months actually spent in the field, and here John was, back in London, limping along, wondering what in the world he was going to do next.
“I know. Wrong pronoun.”
Molly’s house was just around the corner, so Sherlock made sure she was locked up safe and sound before turning to John.
"I can try."
"D'you want to meet me there after your lesson?" Sherlock tried.
“Truth flake?”
John was puzzled until he saw the way Sherlock held his hands under the water, clasped tightly in front of himself. He raised his eyebrows. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock started to climb in, but was stopped by John’s hand on his arm. “What’s this?”
"What, terrific taste in music and general concern for your well-being?"
John raised an eyebrow. It was his turn to smirk knowingly. "Victoire, huh? Look out, I hear she's part veela."
“I didn’t think he could even reach!”
"Right. And what exactly would this game entail?"
"Your--your
John smiled. "Of course. What kind of Valentine's Day would it be without snogging?"
Sherlock: 30
Sherlock’s calculating look swept over him, reading him. “You didn’t have many friends.”
“Sherlock,” he said as they walked, pulling their cloaks tight around them against the late autumn chill.
"I don't
"It's not like I was looking on purpose!"
The corner of Sherlock's mouth twitched up. This was going to be fun.
"What do you mean?"
could be up here any minute."
Sherlock looked at him warily, but slowly stood, letting the sheet remain draped over his shoulders. To his surprise, John walked away, up the stairs and into his old bedroom.
He went to the kitchen and found a smallish bottle in a cabinet, something that he vaguely remembered getting for Christmas but that he wasn’t too concerned with identifying at the moment. He popped it open and took a long drink, grimacing.
"Positive reinforcement!" he shouted in triumph, earning strange looks from the surrounding students.
John stared into the mirror. He ran his palms down his cheeks and sighed.
John shushed him and batted his hand, laughing. "That's what we're
"It'll make you feel better."
"Yes, and that's why it's hideous. No thank you."
He knew that his break overlapped with John's a bit, so when it rolled around, Sherlock stood on the steps in order to see over the crowd. He spotted John by the roundabout with several of his year six friends.
“Yes, but how do I fix it?”
"Yeah, but..."
“Hmm?”
“Right.”
Greg struggled to keep his grin under control as Sherlock paced the room.
The door hadn’t even clicked shut before John attacked him, biting at his lips and muttering between nips, “You…complete…arse….Do you know...how frustrating it is…for your boyfriend…to flaunt himself…in front of his whole bloody family?”
He leaned in for a kiss, then led him through the rest of the box and kissed him again.
"Did you mean it earlier? When you said you still loved me."
“Okay. You know the words. Now, go.”
“Alright, alright!”
"See you, Victor." John looked over at Sherlock as they set off in the direction of the lift. "Your costume really is great, you know."
Again, Sherlock had nothing to say, and John looked at him suspiciously.
Mycroft just stared, the valise he'd dropped still on its side at his feet.
“Oh, piss off, Mason, that elf was an idiot.”
The two had been cast in a church pageant as hares, much to Mycroft's amusement. Sherlock wasn't even sure how they had both ended up as hares, since they were supposed to be portraying the story of Noah and his ark. He had already pointed out to the director that having two male hares on board defeated the purpose of bringing two at all, but his concerns had been brushed aside.
“Hush. Now concentrate. Got a happy memory?”
I'm in a good mood already, but comments will sustain it through the long weekend. Have a good two weeks, lovelies, and in the meantime,
“…the guy tried to feed me to the giant squid,” John continued at a whisper, “and you think the case is
“Perhaps tomorrow. In the meantime, we could…pick up where we left off at the door?”
He held his breath and resisted shutting his eyes tightly as it spun. When it finally landed on Molly, he sighed in relief and kissed her hard. A few of the others catcalled, and Greg laughed, "I didn't think
“I get it. Go. I’ll finish cleaning up here.”
"I'll go first!" Isabelle sang.
"Oh, I wouldn't say that."
"Where have you been?" Mike asked, sitting back down on the bench and picking up a sandwich.
The next morning, Sherlock's mother smiled fondly when she walked into his room to check on them and found them curled into each other, sharing a pillow and sleeping soundly.
“Can you blame them?” John quipped.
As fantastic as the chases were, this was the best part of a case, in John's opinion--the conclusion of if all, when they got to go home and make out like teenagers until they passed out on the sofa, exhausted from days without substantial sleep. Usually they at least made it long enough to see Lestrade make the arrest.
Sherlock shook his head.
, and the—oh! Did he tell you about the time he freed the house elf?”
Molly looked at him like his dog had just died.
"Mycroft sent you here. See, John, I told you he's always watching."
take you to Madam Pomfrey."
His eyes went wide and he turned it over, desperate for some sort of clue as to what this meant, but found nothing but black marks where the ink from the inside had bled through.
John sighed.
Sherlock reached behind himself to spread his cheeks and pushed back again so that John's prick slotted between them. "Good?"
“It may as well be,” Sherlock replied, frustrated. John laughed. “And you haven’t even given me a gift yet.”
“The answer’s still yes.”
Sherlock had abandoned his post behind the tree and was swiftly approaching them. “Having fun?” his father called to him.
“It’s just…I don’t want to hear about Sherlock Holmes for this entire trip.”
“That would be unfortunate. But as it is, your birthday is on the twenty-second, and so you get an entire day that’s about you, from now on. What kind of childhood did you
"No, I'm here. But I should probably go." He stood and stepped gingerly toward the door. "If...if you need anything, I can leave my number..."
wrist."
“John.” A hand shook his shoulder.
John said goodbye to his team, assuring them he would keep them posted on his injury. "I don't expect it'll be that bad," he told Sherlock. "Just looks like a mild sprain. Better safe than sorry, though."
“Yeah, I…I think so.”
for him to know.
Sherlock counted off two bars before very deliberately taking the first step, and was delighted to find that John had actually moved the correct foot this time. Just three beats, then a full stop halfway through the first box, but Sherlock took the fact that they hadn't tripped over each other at all as a victory, because John's dancing truly was appalling.
1. I feel I should explain my headcanon behind Patronuses, and why students would be learning them in their fifth year. When Voldemort fell, the dementors formerly guarding Azkaban went rogue. As this story occurs after the Battle of Hogwarts, dementors are one of the most dangerous threats to wizards and Muggles alike, and so the Patronus Charm has become a part of most wizarding schools' curricula, despite the advanced nature of the spell.
"Is that it?"
Sherlock's eyes went wide. "No. Absolutely not," he said, trying to make a break for his room.
"Alright," Sherlock said, turning to him. "We head over to that tent over there. That's where the knights are."
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock ignored them, but started sulkily eating the shepherd’s pie John placed in front of him.
"Maybe you should, if you don't want--never mind." Sherlock stopped himself mid-sentence when he realized his thoughts were spilling out of his mouth.
"Then what about that one?" Sherlock pointed his head toward John's good hand.
"Well, then, I apologise for every time I've ever called you 'brilliant.'"
“Sherlock...”
“Why?”
"Then why--"
“That shouldn’t change anything. If anything, that should make things better. He’s your friend despite what his teammates think of you.”
Victor stepped around him just to give him a look that said "Yet."
“I haven’t finished yet.”
“They’re chemistry puns! I thought you’d like it.”
“Well, yeah. I guess. I mean…we kissed. Or, I kissed him. But he seemed okay with it. We’re going into Hogsmeade together.”
Sherlock didn't have a response. He didn't even really know why that statement struck him the way it did, but he found himself suddenly staring at the floor, brow furrowed.
“You’re meant to drink from it,” Wilson answered.
So it was hardly a surprise when Molly approached him near the end of the day and timidly asked, “Is it true that you…um…slept with the entire women’s football team at your other school?”
Sherlock yelped and jerked away, but John held fast, and soon he was sighing in relief.
Sherlock shrugged, but he smirked as he spread his legs out a little wider. John took the hint and settled himself between them, leaned his back against Sherlock’s chest.
“It’s not a big deal. You know, if you get a little turned on from time to time.”
Sherlock smirked suddenly. “I wonder how you would react if I told you I’m wearing women’s underwear.”
"Wait. Sherlock!" John leapt down from his bed, his feet light, and knelt down next to Sherlock's sleeping bag, stroking his upper arms the way he had before, like whenever Sherlock thought he was going to get in trouble, or that time that Harry had startled him in that scary mask. "Calm down. It's okay. Just calm down." When Sherlock's breathing was closer to normal, he continued, "We'll fix it. Nobody has to know."
“They’re playin’ dirty, you know how Slytherins are,” Donovan answered.
“But—”
"Holmes, I believe that is quite enough. Mr. Watson has been dragged into whatever nonsense your brother has decided to let you inquire upon. I feel it is in his best interest that he listens to whatever you have to say on the matter."
The first Hogsmeade weekend of the new term had never been more welcome, and Sherlock leapt at the chance to drag John away from his wretched schoolbooks.
And thus begin the holidays. I promise Sherlock doesn't spend them in a sulk. After all, John's there with him.
“Henry’s sprained his ankle. He can’t dance tonight. You’ve got to dance with Moriarty.”
Sherlock sat there in the grass for the rest of his own break, sniffling and snapping at anyone who tried to approach him, whether or not their intentions were kind.
“Don’t ask me, you’re the Prefect.”
Sherlock sighed and didn’t even attempt to keep from glaring at the headmistress. "Jim Moriarty."
pretty. Beautiful, actually.”
“Sherlock, there’s no way that’s comfortable,” John said. The words had barely left his mouth before Sherlock jumped to his feet and took the vacant spot on the mattress beside him.
"John?"
"We'll tell her. But I don't know how much good a new strategy will do you," John joked.
“Excuse me,” John said indignantly. “What kind of person am I?”
“What?”
Sherlock at their table had become a typical sight for John’s fellow Gryffindors, and so when he plopped down before John had had a chance to, he was simply greeted with an overly enthusiastic “Hello, Sherlock!” from Harry and a nod from Lestrade.
Sherlock cocked his head to the side. "What do you mean?"
John rolled his eyes. Not that he didn't think Sherlock capable of snapping the man's neck in some cleverly painful way.
Sally’s eyebrow arched in the way it usually did when she was questioning one of Greg’s instructions on the Quidditch pitch. “You don’t know?”
” he hissed, glancing over to the bookcase, only to find that Mrs. Holmes had left the room. He shook his head. “She’s just as bad as you are.”
"But it's
“Shut up.”
“I don’t know,” John sighed.
“So, coming?”
John looked at what Sherlock was offering him and laughed out loud. "Rabbit ears?"
“I said, come here,” he demanded.
To keep from acting on the impulse, he turned to Sarah. “We could take you home,” he said, ignoring Sherlock’s impatient sigh.
“I didn’t want to keep it in my room, in case you figured out what I was up to. I had Mummy start it while we were at school, but I finished it off myself.”
"Dost this peasant speak mad?" someone boomed, and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
“Is it about Sherlock?”
“Typically in the, uh…in the linen cupboard.”
John seemed confused when they didn’t go upstairs, but down to the cellar.
“Of course. Wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
25 Dec--Chapter 19
Though Harry had called him, he hadn't bothered to call back. He didn't want to speak to her, and he didn't think she really wanted to speak to him.
John gestured with his brand-new cane. "Don't see how I could be in much of a hurry," he joked, but it came out much more bitterly than he'd intended.
“Sherlock—”
Both of their faces slowly broke out into grins.
The day had been spent quietly at Harry's. Clara had cooked dinner, which was lovely. They'd left before Harry could pull out the booze.
Right after that on the list of general weirdness was the constant need to introduce oneself. Over and over, teachers would begin lessons with the phrase “new student” and force Sherlock to stand and very briefly tell everyone who he was and what he was doing there. So far, he’d managed to avoid saying anything noteworthy, beyond accidentally deducing his chemistry teacher’s pregnancy.
"Mmm, not quite, but if you insist," Sherlock responded. John retaliated for the cheeky answer by taking Sherlock's cock in hand and giving it one long, hard stroke.
Sherlock snorted. “Poetic nonsense.”
"I tried to tell you, it's just a sprained wrist," a nearby teammate said, sheepishly holding up his phone. Sherlock recognized him as John's co-captain.
“What about that one?”
“Alright?” John whispered when Sherlock approached them.
In his room, Sherlock wondered whether John was asleep, and if so, what he was dreaming of. He hoped it was him.
John pulled Sherlock’s face up to his, kissed him on the cheek. "Sherlock, let me ask you something. Will separating us change the way you feel about me? Will it make you care for me any less?"
“You don’t trust me?”
“How about I just introduce you? Come on, he’s always finding his way into the Restricted Section.” Mike stood and began to make his way through the shelves, and John had no choice but to follow him.
Sherlock almost groaned at the unoriginality of it.
Tears leaked from Sherlock’s eyes as the glow of his Patronus brightened. “I know.”
John grinned wider. "Zookeeper."
“Come on, John. We could go to the Shrieking Shack. Ridiculous to think it’s haunted, but it is a rather interesting old building. We could break in.”
Sherlock moved over to share John's bench and leaned against him, looking up at the ceiling. "We could go over potions ingredients."
John physically took a step back at his tone. “Of course you can.”
“Then patch it up, would you?”
“And do you promise to stop calling me an idiot?”
“No. You were headed on a Holmes tangent.”
"Anderson!" Sherlock shouted angrily, looking as though he wanted to wring the boy's neck.
"Sherlock," John said after a few moments.
"You know, this
Sherlock looked at him almost pityingly. “Let’s just say he’s heard me before.”
off doing every night?"
Sherlock laid his head on John’s shoulder and decided there was nothing like having a friend. A friend like John was something sought after by many others.
“I did,” Sherlock stated, rather more like a haughty schoolboy than a man his age should have.
"I do!"
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. He held out a hand. “Sherlock Holmes.”
On their way out to the street, they almost literally ran into Molly. "Oh, hi, Sherlock. John."
“No, I’m sorry, I—oh, bloody hell, don’t make that face, it’s too much to take.” John couldn’t contain himself. Sherlock had narrowed his eyes in such a way that he somehow achieved an even more ridiculous picture than before, and John was doubled over with mirth.
Victor's 'friend' stepped out of the room, fully dressed though thoroughly disheveled, and practically ran down the hall to the stairs.
“Don’t you dare.”
John nudged him and they leaned together far enough for a covert whisper to be heard. “Something tells me your rivalry with your cousins goes deeper than your sibling rivalry.”
“I would know you’re lying. I was in the room when you dressed.”
“I am.”
Sherlock smirked. He held up his prop crystal ball dramatically. "Tell me, John," he said in his best Goblin King impression, "what do you think of my Labyrinth?"
. He rolled over onto his side and closed his eyes, imagining meeting Sherlock at breakfast and walking up the drive with him, taking his hand as they passed through the gate.
They both nodded.
“Absolutely not! John, do you want to finish this essay or not?”
"Right. Okay. And how did she teach you?"
you working on?”
“Of course not.” He took John’s hand. “I know just the place.”
"Hey you guys," Greg said as he approached them. "How're you doing over here?"
"Of course."
“Well, you can’t be too stupid. Otherwise I would’ve discontinued this acquaintanceship weeks ago.”
He came across the victim's discarded armour, and upon studying it, found a tiny spike on the breastplate, just where the man's neck would have gone.
Mrs. Holmes came running, with Mycroft and her husband right on her heels. “Oh, Sherlock, sweetie,” she cooed, kneeling down next to him and petting his head, urging him to let her see his arm.
It always went the same way, too. John would go on two or three successful dates, always between cases, when Sherlock would lie around and sulk, occasionally plucking out an angry pizzicato melody on his violin to occupy himself and irritate John. The following week would see the start of a case, which would be a great way to get Sherlock out of the flat if it meant John could actually get through a date without Sherlock either texting him urgently about something or, in the case of a particularly promising prospect, showing up at the cinema and getting himself into a rather dangerous tussle with the projectionist, a peril which John was forced to thwart by brute force with a case containing the reel for
