"Hi, Beck. Found you." Nat smiled.
"Maggie and Peter were kidnapped." Tony said.
"I can't just NOT help, Karen. I'm going." Peter switched directions and dropped quickly. He snuck into the building and paused from his hiding place in the shadows. Part of him wanted to jump down there, but his spider sense went off dully. He stayed where he was and took it in instead.
"You're not going to stop me?" Steve raised an eyebrow at Nat.
Vanessa nodded without a word.
Nat looked at him and frowned. "...Want me to tell him to come back here?"
Maggie was a little uncoordinated. As if everything in her world was shifted a few centimeters off. She frowned at it, but after a moment, she lifted a spoon of tapioca and took a small bite. "Manna."
"He said something about twelve percent once." Pepper shrugged.
"Kid, he just got here. You only had about ten minutes of class left when I found out so...I figured I'd just let you finish it up... Was it good?"
"Yup." Strange rolled his eyes. "Children are weird."
"Peter?" That was his dad's voice.
He laughed and shook his head. He rotated his hand in a circle. "Woosh."
(See the end of the chapter for
Maggie whirled her staff and smacked the arrow. It hit a car and exploded as she took a few steps back, looking from Natasha to Clint. "Uh...hi?"
"Sounds cool. Meet you at the halfway place, like normal?"
A while later, there was a knock on the door. "Hm?"
"She's...magic then, like you?"
Stephen shrugged.
.--. .- .--. .-
Steve hummed in affirmation. "I say we play it calm, but safe. I can call Nat, maybe even Hill."
Tock.
"He'll bug you until you say yes." Peter warned, when she opened her mouth to protest. "Just let it go."
"That'd be awesome."
There were no clues. Not even a hint as to where Peter was.
"We'll figure it out. You hurt?" He could see a slice in her blue coat, blood on the sleeve.
"It'll be fine." Nat continued on.
"Wade?" Vanessa asked, short of breath.
It was a plus though, he finally felt like he wasn't being watched all the time.
"Alright, we're going to fix that. Got to stick you a few more times though, can you deal with that?"
"Visions?"
Maggie smiled gently. Then frowned. "There are people in this building who mean you a great deal of harm." She said. She looked down, as if through the floor, then up at Tony. "They really want to hurt you."
"Not until Dad's out."
"Ironic since they're prescriptions and entirely intended to be on their person. Given to them by medical professionals."
"Jesus. Is he alright?" Nat asked worriedly. "Is his heart holding up?"
"I'm real." He promised.
"Ouch, you know who you're talking to, right?" God, even the inflection was good, but it wasn't Tony. It wasn't. The fake, however it was made, was really, really good. The only flaw, the only problem with the not-Tony was that Peter could hear heartbeats. Anyone else would be fooled. Even Peter'd been fooled because it looked and seemed so like Tony that he didn't even think to listen for something to be off. But then he'd paid attention and he knew.
Maggie's eyebrows pulled together. "Huh?"
"Right behind you, missy." Wade nodded. "Nice to meet you, Peter Parker."
"Zio Happy." Peter grumbled.
"Okay." Stephen sighed. "Do you want to eat? I can make something."
"Hello, Peter. How's Isabelle doing?" She asked without opening her eyes.
"It won' come back."
"IF?" Tony asked.
"I'm hungry and tired." And falling apart with guilt and shame and shocked out of his skull with images of his family dying or hating him.
"I flat iron it sometimes. Can't hold the iron right now though." Maggie shrugged.
Dr. Strange sighed. "You don't get to use it until you know how, and since I haven't taught you..."
"What?" Steve asked. He pulled Peter's limp form closer to him.
She let go once she was balanced on her feet. Like her, she knew he had a sore spot about touch...though for very different reasons. He likely felt pain when gripping things. "Any way you could 'woosh' me a toothbrush?"
"Ugh. Not really." Peter said, wrinkling his nose. "Hey, Murph." He pet the cat gently.
Peter:
"Two acts."
Of his two adopted parents, Peter'd initially had a harder time getting close to Steve. But...it was weird. Peter was finding he had quite a bit in common with his Papa than he thought. Lost parents. Sudden transformation from twig to superhero. Hero complex... And they'd both gone through rough patches with food scarcity. Tony didn't understand that bit as well. Dad could come up with good ideas on the spot, but when Peter was really struggling with his feelings about food, especially when Peter wanted to save food, afraid it wouldn't be there later, Steve was more understanding.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mm."
There was a metallic heartbeat. It was his dad. "Dad, is Maggie okay? We gotta get out of here."
"Yeah. I just wanted to hear your voice. It's been a rough day."
Maggie was sleeping soundly. She had that look, the same one she'd had when she'd fallen asleep on his shoulder during reading once. She looked at peace. Comfortable. Rested. Her curls were strewn across her pillow. Her breathing was even. No sign of any issues.
Wong snorted and started to close the door.
Master Hamir stood slowly. "Her eyes glow green."
Strange looked at Peter with wide eyes. "Um...I don't know if Christine is paid enough for this." He frowned.
Maggie went rigid, her face lost color.
Peter nodded. "Thanks, Zia Nat."
"Dad?"
"Cool. I'll meet you after stretches. We'll figure this thing out."
Maggie tilted her head, tried to read the text. All the words seemed jumbled, confusing, as if they weren't English...or even words. Her headache was instant, so she looked away and settled into the chair across from him. When she'd first met him, he'd intimidated her. He was so much taller than her, bigger...stronger. She was cautious with most people, especially if they looked stronger than her, it didn't matter, guy, girl, whatever. She was cautious with all new people and didn't like being outnumbered or cornered. But, he'd never hurt her, not even when he helped teach her to spar. More than once he'd helped patch her up after fights. The worst he ever acted was lightly annoyed with her, but even that had a gained a fond edge to it. Ever since she'd helped him with some of his research, he'd become less of an annoyed, reluctant mentor and more of a fondly annoyed mentor, which seemed to be progress. "That's why I came to you. I need someone who has a clue what they're doing."
"No, but after all my studying this is the only thing it could be, considering all its other traits. Always fun to see a beast get new abilities."
It was really nice.
"There are other people here." Vanessa warned gently.
"Come on! That was good!" Peter protested.
"The cameras blacked out before we got there, so we know about when they took him." Steve said.
He kicked her in the stomach until she coughed up blood. "Tell me."
Stephen sighed, but relented.
Tony landed on the roof, next to Dr. Strange. "Thank you."
"Mm." Maggie nodded. "I really like hip-hop, contemporary, I feel those two really allow me the most interpretation, which is fun. I like quickstep, tango, and every now again a waltz is just." She did a chefs kiss.
"Because he cheats!"
"But I..."
.--. .- .--. .-
"He's a cannibal, might be your first sign." Maggie sassed.
"Hey, darlin'." Steve drawled back. He threw his shield at Stane and it bounced right back to him after knocking Stane's arm back. "What are we doing?"
"Kamar-Taj."
"I'm alright, had one of Stane's goons come after me a couple days ago, but I'm good."
Peter perked up a little. "I didn't even think of that." Then he frowned. "They won't be sticky. Better than nothing, huh?"
Tony's eyes widened. "I'm...sure it'll handle that just fine. We're hoping to see less blood on your suit though. That's the goal."
"Ready?"
Maggie was there with Vanessa. Maggie was leaning against the doorway. Her hair was chopped short and was a bit of a wavy mess. Through the auburn curls, Peter could see the deep red line that arched around the left side of her skull. She had gloves on her hands, but Vanessa's hand was wrapped around her forearm, grounding Maggie...or maybe making sure she stayed upright.
"What's up?"
Take care.
"Long story..." Maggie sighed. "There was a small mattress in the corner on the floor. The room...it was really small. I could almost reach out and touch all sides."
"Ugh!" She huffed and leaned back as he took off her bandage. "You're killing me."
"Wow..." She said with wide eyes. "Have I told you you're brilliant before?"
"What did you dream about?"
He listened.
"Go somewhere I think is safe."
"I thought you said it was invisible." Maggie frowned.
"Huh?"
Peter laughed.
"Peter has not put on his suit today, Sir."
Strange blinked, then nodded. "She has a lot to deal with. Her powers are vast. Training, properly, takes a lot of time, focus, study, and dedication. So, yes, I can understand that point."
Tick.
Strange looked at Christine. "Thank you, again. I owe you so much."
The door opened and Peter turned. Clint was there. He strode in without a limp, as if he wasn't bleeding.
"Please, help me, Christine. Questions later."
"What? Come on, I know you like her. You're seeing it too, Steve-o, right? Look at his blush. He's soooo cute."
"Okay." Dr. Strange nodded, looking a little less stressed.
"I meant ME, of course, you narcissistic prick." Christine teased.
"That's my guess." Peter shrugged as Nat walked up to them.
"He could go after you!" Tony protested.
Peter grinned as Steve sat next to Tony and took his hand in his. "Git gud."
The cabin was really nice. Peter didn't see much of it before going to bed, but... wow, it was nice. All of the noise of the city was gone, replaced with softer things that didn't grate his senses as much. And it was beautiful too. The strange calm that the quiet brought had actually woken him up, because it was so strange. He spent the better part of the early morning on the porch, waiting for the sun rise over the lake. Peter heard Steve before he showed up.
"Margaret, look at me." Stephen's voice called.
"Like DUM-E or-"
"Yes, sir."
Maggie felt...somewhat confident in Hamlet. But she didn't quite feel okay about Animal Farm. She felt like she'd missed a lot of the political subtext. "So...it's a commentary about socialism or communism, right? And... how it starts with a good idea...but they end up corrupted because people by nature are greedy and will want power. 'Some people are MORE equal than others'."
"Steve, what can I get for you tonight?" The woman called him up once the person ahead of him had their bags of takeout.
Her mind made a leap through time as she focused. She didn’t flinch, but she took a deep breath and followed the images. A drone following her and Peter down the street. Slipping into the door when Peter held it open for her. That’s how she’d seen her step father at Strange’s. That was…
Peter launched himself from the sofa and wrapped his arms around Steve. "Papa."
Peter sighed and shook his hands out. He left his room and looked at his dad with wide eyes. His dad was also wearing gray and burgundy. A silent cue to people that they were on the same team. Steve was wearing a dark blue suit with a burgundy tie. "You're both with me."
"You just gonna walk away from me?" Flash demanded.
"Language, Mister."
"When you DO move?" Strange asked, turning away and grabbing some sort of medicine and needle.
"I didn't mean it that way."
Maggie bit her lip and looked down. "I'm trying." She liked that he pushed her. It made life challenging, but he never seemed to push her too hard. She could tell he wanted to help her, partially so she could be safer, stronger, but also because he seemed intrigued at her connection to the time stone.
"Oh, and there go my odds. Two on five now. And I disarmed you. Fun? Huh?" The woman asked. "Hello, Spiderman, thanks for waiting, would hate to see you bleed out...again."
"Hey, where are you? We saw the news, what happened? We're trying to get to you."
Steve laughed. "I'm going to marry him, definitely going to end up doing the 'baby sitting' plus raising a kid with him so... I've got it."
"Yes, yes it is." Vanessa laughed and pulled away. "Now you're getting it." She poked her nose gently. "Knock 'em dead."
"Then we track them all." Tony ground out. "There has to be something."
"I don't mind."
"Of course."
"I NEED to figure out what hit me and exactly how much fire power I'm up against."
"You said we'd patrol together. I called you a while ago and you didn't answer. Then...I called again and texted and you didn't answer. It isn't like you. I was worried you were in trouble. May have tracked your phone."
"Kid?"
Tick.
Still slack-jawed, Ned took it and stood, following Peter cautiously out of the ally and into the neighboring restaurant. Peter sat with Ned on the bench next to the door and sighed as the feeling of being watched faded away. The hostess looked at them, but decided not to comment on them chilling in the entryway. "What was that?" Ned whispered.
"Zia is feminine." Tony answered aloud. "Zio is masculine."
Something about this seemed...familiar to Peter.
"Maggie!" He heard Tony's suit approaching and he could see the edges of it. Most people wouldn't be able to, but he could tell, see the slight shift as the cloaking worked to make everything seamless but slightly lagged behind real time. He held his hand out and touched the suit gently. "We need to check on Maggie. Clint went after her. We need to get her."
"Not filled with confidence, Margaret." He looked at Wade. "I'll be in to check on her. If anything happens, call me. She should be fine though. Worst part's over."
Another short pause. "Not sure how to answer that, Mr. Parker."
Sorry it's been a bit. I've written a couple other things too in the meantime. (Also, I'm very aware of how many times Peter says: Hey, Mr. Stark. In all of my works now, because it nearly makes me cry every time now. haha) But now this chapter has officially happened. Woot-woot.
"Even across dimensions. Just how much trouble do you think she's going to get into?"
"I ran into Mr. Stane." Peter stated.
"Yup. Thanks, for everything."
"Panic attack." Steve's voice said through the haze. "Feel this, buddy?"
"Is there any chance this friend is an over-reactor?"
"Guess so." Peter agreed before they walked to the school together.
"So cool." Maggie muttered.
Peter could smell the grease on him and leaned into his grip. It was comforting. Weird how the smell of grease was like coming home.
"Dad? Papa?" Peter's voice broke. It couldn't be them. He wished it was. But there was no way it was them. It was just another trick, another way to torture him. To give him hope, then take it away.
"Out of what?"
"Peter, should I alert your father?"
"Nepal."
"I'm sorry, kid. How are you holding up?"
"It isn't paranoia if it's been proven." Strange said a bitter anger in his tone.
Dr. Strange returned and stood by her side. "May I have your arm?"
"You're distracted, focus."
Four updates in a day...what am I going to do with my life? Do I even sleep now? Nope, probably not.
Peter nodded and smiled.
Maggie laughed. "Yeah, but that's cool. You get to hold it over their heads."
"Hey, Itsy Bitsy." Maggie called back from her spot on the opposite roof. She almost didn't look recognizable. Her auburn hair was pulled up but not in its usual neat bun. Her curls were barely held back in a messy ponytail. Her mask was the same blue, but her normal blue coat had been traded for a green one.
A scream filled the air.
Peter shrugged. "No...just...a feeling."
Steve shook his head. "I'll get it."
"He ran away. Lost count of how long ago. He got away..." She looked at Strange, her eyes squinted too much for him to tell what her pupils were doing. "I can't tell them here. They might be watching still."
"Did you strain yourself?" Wade asked.
"It is." Dr. Strange nodded.
She focused and saw him in a small space cramped near wooden rafters? Near a roof? He was hiding somewhere. Safe. He should be okay.
The web was sliced. The shield hit the wall in front of Peter and bounced back, right into his chest, tossing him to the floor before he could even try to figure out which side the danger was from. He landed on his back and Steve was on him in nearly an instant.
"No, Sir. I'm sorry. I will start working on trying to get you a voice or identity."
Peter nodded, not exactly sure what he could say to Deadpool, but he headed for the side-door. Knowing his parents would be there, avoiding being spotted. He kicked the door open and skipped down the stairs. At the base, Tony and Steve were waiting with open arms. He launched himself into their hug. "Did you like it?"
Tony sniffled against his chest.
"'Science thing'?"
And Stane was turning back toward Iron Man.
"Bring him toward me. We've got this." Maggie whispered, she knew she didn't have to speak louder than a whisper, even from across the street.
"Oh, Peter. We've been watching you for a while. Watching you work in the lab. Your internship. Looking through your window. Following you at school and dance. I know all about your fancy-pants watch. Touch it and she dies."
"Advil?" Ned suggested.
"Oh, don't be like that, honey. I wanted to try that thing."
"Hmmm..." Maggie shrugged and drank more of her drink. "Don't really know. Aunt Ness and Uncle Wade said they planned on coming over on Christmas Eve. They're going out of town after that. Dad and I will probably have a quiet day in. Maybe I can convince him to go on a hike or something. We haven't done that in a while. How about you?"
"I'm okay."
"I think that's the wisest course of action." Steve agreed.
"It?" Maggie's eyes widened.
"Anyway, Dr. STRANGE is taking me. He says its a good environment for learning, one that will help me focus. So I'm going there... I don't know how long."
Peter turned and paused. He seemed to consider his words. "Yeah."
Steve hated giving reports. Sure, he was a stickler about it with the rest of the team, but he probably hated them more than the rest of them combined. He just wanted to go home, to be with his fiancé and son, safe and finally free of Stane. He wanted his family. Wanted to make sure they were safe, unharmed.
Tony could see a real tear on his son's cheek. But cheered for him silently as Peter pushed himself up and began a fumbled dance, as if off balance on his own. Peter stumbled and fell, but Peter couldn't be kept down. He got back up and still danced, unsteady.
Don't fuck up, loser.
"Oh, I know." She chuckled. "You're going to have to see me next week, I'll see if I can take the cast off then."
Maggie shook her head. "I can't not over think. I never stop."
"She could have died."
"People are assholes sometimes. They'll get over it eventually. Just keep being you. No one's been sneaking pictures of you, right?"
Steve smiled and leaned down, kissing the spot where Tony's neck met his shoulder. Tony leaned his head to the side with a happy sigh.
"I might be able to help. Not sure if this will work, but if they're camouflaging by bending light..." Strange held up his hands, moved them in a weird pattern, then the world exploded in light around them. The light traveled like a shockwave through the air and it revealed thousands of drones in its wake. "We...unbend it."
"Maggie?" Tony asked, his voice hoarse.
Ned's mouth hung open, his eyes wide as he sat on the ground. "Wha- What?"
Take care.
"Uh...boss?"
"I know, but I'm okay, promise." Tony said, leaning his head against Peter's. Then he looked over at Steve. "I'd let you join in, but this bed wasn't built for one, let alone three. Peter doesn't really count because he's a tiny fluffball."
"Yeah."
"To Napoleon the other animals are things, stepping stones meant to serve and elevate him. They're things, props to his power." Strange shrugged. "Once he'd worked as hard as he could, his only worth to the pigs was disposal. He made them money by being sold for glue...by dying."
Steve raised his hand. "Actually, I agree with Peter on this one. Strategically it'd be idiotic to snatch a kid from school. Tony Stark would notice if his intern suddenly went missing and Stane would know that. Stane has a tendency to think these things through. I mean...consider your own kidnapping, Tony. If you hadn't survived it, no one would have known his fingers were on that. He made sure it was subtle. He wouldn't make that big a mistake like that."
Tony saw the pictures and videos and sobbed. Peter looked beaten to hell and back. And he was a little thinner than he had been. The bastards weren't feeding him enough. Peter was covered in tears, whimpering and crying. His heart hurt. They'd only gotten one image of Maggie. It barely proved that she was alive. But it was recent. All the images were. They were still alive. Beaten and looking awful, but alive.
"Possibly. I'll be back." He opened a portal and stepped through it. "Margaret?” He called into the house. "Margaret, are you home?"
"Then I'll catch you." He shrugged. "You can trust me."
Take care.
"There's no data available, Sir."
"So...wanna help me catch some bad guys?"
Peter:
Martin's mouth turned into a twisted smile. Even Beck thought the man was sick, but, hey, at least the girl would be out of the way. Less people to talk.
"Wise decision."
"Good. Now. I know you wanted to do a change mid-way in. You said we'd do matching colors. So, I took the liberty of going shopping. I'm pretty sure I got your size." She grabbed a backpack and pulled two sets of clothes free.
Peter thought Maggie was acting a little weird.
Take Care.
Peter got dressed and climbed up the wall, heading to the Tower.
"Why would we ever want a worthless brat like you?" Not-Steve wondered.
"Thank you, you'll be compensated...anything and everything you want."
"Next time I'll kick you." She wanted that smug smile to go away and if he stabbed her again she just might punch him.
"Yep, it's just a formality. It's already yours, Boss Lady." Tony said.
Maggie's eyes widened in horror when Vanessa started to Dougie. Then Wade started some weird rendition of Get Low. Maggie's face burned. "You guys suck." She pushed past them.
"She's...her own thing, but it's similar." He said, slowly pulling the bloody gloves off his hands and cleaning them. They were shaking, and not because of his injury. "Thank you, Christine." He whispered as he went back to Maggie's side.
"Gets out blood stains." Maggie said.
Tony, of course, was sitting up in the bed, looking at the video from the attack. He seemed to be doing his own math, figuring out by hand exactly how much damage the opposing suit could do. "Kid, weren't you working with Tracy today?"
"Maggie?" Peter asked, he could tell immediately that there was a shift in the room.
"I'll get you both out." She promised and knelt. She took Sam and cradled him in her arms. The older boy had the forethought to grip her shoulders, not her neck, which was a blessing since she could barely breathe as it was, and he wrapped his legs around her waist, thankfully, holding himself to her so she could carry Sam. "Be brave and hold on, okay?"
Wade made a move, but Vanessa grabbed him. "Hey, honey, hey. We'll see her soon. He's going to help her. We can't do this, but he can. Let him work."
"Infection's no joke. Seriously, they wouldn't even make you take off your mask, Reese." Peter promised.
Frozen paused and the news clicked on.
"Let him up, J." Tony said. They could use all the hands they could get. The kids had been gone for over five days with no end in sight... He looked up at the videos that he'd been bombarded with and he felt sick. Whoever had those kids was torturing them.
All she seemed capable of was nodding, it seemed. She got up on her own and followed him on shaky legs to the door. Quickly, he found what he needed. When he turned to make a portal, he saw the cloak wrap around her and hold tight. It seemed to help her relax a little. He opened a portal and followed her through it. "Just one moment, okay?" He headed to find Wade and Vanessa's bedroom door to knock on it, but Maggie's hand snapped out, grabbing the hem of his baggy sleeping shirt.
"Yeah, well, his last foster parents starved him, they didn't allow him to eat. And then he was homeless and didn't have enough. So you threatening him for eating food hits home for him."
Stephen sighed. "I get that feeling...just in a different way. You're not alone in that, Margaret."
Maggie let out a long breath. "Am I over thinking? He's just making sure I survive the weekend, that's all."
"Like you didn't know that." Steve snorted. "I know you had JARVIS watching his every move."
"We've got to go to the tower. Now. Suit up. I'll explain on the way." She launched into the air after tossing him his bag.
"I don't think it's about them, Ned." No one knew about that. It was probably a spiderman thing, though...no one knew about that either. Peter glanced around. He needed to get Ned somewhere safe. Out of the line of fire. There was an alleyway ahead, Peter had seen it before, there was a dumpster near the back and a door that went into a restaurant, the door was left unlocked during working hours. Peter bit his lip. "Ned, we're gonna duck in here, head for the door on the right hand side. Okay?"
The mask retracted and Tony looked upset.
"FUCK! WHAT THE FUCK!?" Maggie scrambled back and tumbled to the ground. Her hands leaving bloody prints as she tried to get away from the body. She tried to get away, get out. But it was all brick walls. Everything was brick. She had to get out, get away.
Her eyes stayed lightly closed. The time stone wasn't with them. Strange didn't keep it with them during their meditations.
"It's a start. I kept a few drones. JARVIS will start examining them. We'll find the rest of them."
"Thanks, Itsy-Bitsy." She nodded as he put her down.
"A few months. It's difficult, but that's alright. I'll get it, eventually."
"Physics, kid. You don't have to be the strongest, you just have to have street smarts, Mags. You'll get there. I'll help you." Wade squeezed her hand.
Holding meetings on the 80th floor was probably the smartest decision Tony had made that day. Far enough that his home and the labs weren't damaged, but high enough that his suit wrapped around him like a second skin long before he could hit the ground.
"You don't have to be if you're not." Nat promised, ruffling his hair. "Won't hold it against you, little spider."
"Yeah. Someone followed me and Ned." Peter still...dimly felt like he was being watched, but imagined it was just his senses being...well sensitive. "We're okay. Remind me that I owe Nat one. But, we may need someone to come see what this guy was up to, he wanted to know stuff about Dad. So I made a clever quip and then took him down."
"No 'buts.'"
"Cool." Maggie said.
"Um..." Vanessa didn't know what she meant or why that was a problem. "Mags, just rest, okay?"
Dr. Strange nodded. "Does make sense. Creating spells would mean experiments...you'd only find out afterwards what happened."
"Oh...that's fun."
A short while later, Steve was home. Peter was standing on the ceiling, tongue out in concentration as he mashed buttons. Tony was sitting on the couch, also pressing buttons as cartoon characters battled on the screen. "Yes! YES! I win!" Peter screamed in victory.
"Maggie Wilson." She nodded. "Thank you."
"Says the asshole with the needle."
Nat reached out and put her hands firmly on his shoulders. "We will, go somewhere safe. You did good clearing it out for us." She smiled. "Clint, you ready yet?"
Peter started screaming. The screams were cut off after a moment.
"Oh... I haven't done that outside of dreams before. I haven't heard or seen things while awake before." Maggie said with wide eyes. Access to the future wasn't something she had, accept for in dreams.
"Is dad okay?"
Red. Red. RED. Light blossomed like fireworks behind her eyes. She was in danger. There were no strings, no ties to anything external. Was she going to have a heart attack? A stroke? What the fuck was happening? She opened her eyes.
"Okay." Steve agreed quietly, taking his hand.
"I'll try to get you there." Peter promised. "You can already follow decently. I know dad can at least dance a little, so you should be good there. So let's just keep working." Peter looked up. "JARVIS, drop the needle."
"I'll...do better." Peter nodded. "So...how are you feeling?"
"Mrs. Wilson-"
"Hey! HEY! It took forever to get it to lay flat."
It was slowly getting better, Ness could see. She was hopeful, because Strange was. Ness could smell bullshit a mile away. When Strange said her progress was encouraging, Ness knew he wasn't bullshitting. It was just scary and sad, seeing the differences in her.
"Armed robbery at the-"
It was literally an alley around the corner. He told her he'd be there soon. He, thankfully, had study hall for last period. He stepped out into the hallway.
"I don't mean to worry you. How bad was the damage? My head feels fuzzy. It hurts to breathe."
"You hit your head, Tony. Just rest for a little bit. The problem will still be there in an hour. A bit of tea and a nap won't hurt."
"Nope." Peter answered for his papa. "Say hello, Papa. This is Maggie."
She was trying. He smiled. Maybe this could work...maybe. He cared about her. He wanted it to work, wanted to help her, however it would work.
Peter took off his bag and put it down next to his desk. "Hey, Tracy, how are you?"
"Well, whatever or whoever is down there should get an award. I mean, down to the mannerisms. It was so distractingly familiar the first time that I didn't even notice the heartbeat was off." Peter pulled away.
"What would you normally do with the rest of your weekend?"
"Trouble." He said.
"I kn-know what I saw." Maggie snapped, but it came out weakly.
"Exactly." Maggie grinned at him. "Now, no more screening my calls, okay? We're chill."
A small smile lifted her lips. Her eyes met Peter's. "I stopped a building." She whispered in awe.
"I have and can. Do you know what it's like to preform surgery in the ER, young lady?"
Peter tilted his head to the side. "You sure you're doing alright? How'd a Jimmy Neutron reference go over your head?"
Peter sighed and smiled. "Thanks. And thanks for the food, I owe you one."
Was Maggie even there? Had it all been an illusion? Were her screams some pre-recorded mess?
There were shouts outside. It sounded like a fight.
"My k?" Maggie asked, words not fully there. Why was everything so difficult? Was it medicine or...was she really hurt? How bad was it?
"He's dead." Maggie said. Her step father was dead. Killed by Wade years ago.
Tony went still. Everyone in the room did.
"You see my point?" Maggie raised an eyebrow. "You aren't responsible for what he did. I don't blame you for what he did. I'm glad you got out...I just wish your parents would have found you first." She glanced at his hand. "They look real."
"Sure thing, sweetie. You want to open your eyes for me?" Vanessa asked gently. "Can I see those baby blues?"
He looked up, eyes wide.
"Sure thing. Jarvis, honey, can you put it on a loop?"
"You're not all blue today, Reese's Pieces."
Sorry.
"Cameras, pumpkin, they're everywhere."
"Intruder alert." JARVIS called.
"You do what we say...and no one gets hurt." He grabbed the person who was dropped at his feet and yanked the body up. "Really pretty, sweet friend you have, don't you?" He had one arm around her waist, holding her limp body up. His other hand yanked her head back by her wavy hair.
"That'd be nice. It's a lab day, so...yeah. Thanks, Zio Happy."
"I WAS KICKING HIS ASS AND NOW HE'S CHEATING!" Peter's voice called in the background.
He stepped back into the sanctum and paused. She'd been wearing the necklace all weakened. That was good. He didn't really know how to explain it to her. It wasn't like he'd track her without any reason. But...it was nice to know that if she was in trouble he could get to her. No matter where or when she was.
Strange took a deep breath and leaned forward. "My daughter is diagnosed dyslexic, which may be too big of a word for you, but sometimes she cannot focus. It's not her lack of trying, it's her mind not cooperating. And I do know her very well. She doesn't have a lazy bone in her body. I'm the neurosurgeon who worked on her. She had pieces of bone in her brain matter that I had to remove. Any other person might still be doing rehab. She was asking to be on her feet as soon as the fog of medicine cleared. She works harder than anyone I know. You complain about her grades, but that girl spends hours every day practicing and learning. I know this, because I sit next to her and listen as she reads out loud. And on another note, have you ever had a traumatic brain injury?"
"That's because I'M good." Peter rolled his eyes. "Not the other way around. Don't change direction out of the blue without a signal. See?" Peter pressed gently with the heel of his hand on Steve. "Right." They spun. Peter pressed with his fingers. "Left."
"I don't have a clue. I'll wing it."
"Mm-hm." She bobbed her head, but looked close to passing out.
"Must have a really quick brain...or maybe it's your powers. Only ever met two other people who could tell when I used my powers. Come with me. I'll...explain."
"I...uhm..." Strange sighed. "Well. I put a tracking spell on you...a while ago."
"Holy shit!" Peter said as the cape seemingly investigated him. "Um. Hi. H-hey there, Cape-y."
"That's across the world. Why are you going there?"
"Peachy, been resting just as suggested." Vanessa sighed. "I...don't think these Saturday things are right for her." Vanessa worded it carefully, she wanted to see what he'd do if he thought Vanessa might take her away.
"We're going to get you fixed up." Steve wondered if there was a safe place for Peter to hide while the fight continued. "I'm getting you out of here."
"W-why are you doing this?"
"You've been giving off some bad vibes recently...not you personally just...in general." Maggie sounded tired. "I'll figure it out...maybe."
"Why would I hate you?"
Wow. The girl really DID have a super power. Even at a distance she could tell who the real threat was. "I'll keep that in mind." Peter nodded.
"Okay. I'll get everything in a row. How are you feeling?"
Tony wanted to snap, scream. He knew JARVIS was doing everything he could though.
"Come on, pick up." Peter frowned. They were supposed to meet up this weekend. But Maggie wasn't answering her phone. She always answered her phone. And usually if he texted her, she'd call back. She wasn't though. Was she hurt? He frowned. "Karen, can you track a phone for me?"
"Pretty calm. Got a car thief today. Though...really the traffic helped with that one. Stopped a couple muggings." Peter nodded.
"Well, then you can talk. You don't have to look if that'll upset you." Peter promised. "No one's gonna hurt anyone here. Can you sense that?"
Tony felt weird for a brief moment, then he was in a strange place. "Peter." He breathed. He stepped out of his suit and rushed to Peter's side.
Peter shifted his ire to JARVIS. "You're my boi, why do you gotta do that?"
"I don't know." She answered, her jaw tight.
Maggie bit her lip.
Steve squeezed his hand. "It's going to be some down time for a bit."
Maggie looked down. "Um...this is it."
"I'm glad. I've got...another call coming at the moment."
"Do you have any more homework?"
"I need more power. He's too damn fast. I need to be faster too." Stane turned and looked from his suit to the one Tony'd made in the desert. He needed more power. Something like what Tony had.
"Shut up, kid. He was a sore loser about Uno and now we're doing Monopoly."
"I prefer the term goddess." Ness teased. "Don't do anything we wouldn't do."
"I thought so." Peter agreed with a grin. "What's up with that?"
"And how I got lost after I got that bloody nose? And how there was a spider missing from a display?"
"And?"
"What the fuck?! Where am I?"
There are some food issues in this, Peter still is dealing with his trauma, as you all know. Sorry about the incoming angst.
"I'm grounded. I'm not allowed to leave Brooklyn."
Okay, so it was almost all fluff. Had to put some plot in here or I'd feel bad.
"I was in the lab and all the sudden Dad was there and my senses, I mean, they've been going off like crazy lately, but they were going off dully. Then I realized that the guy down there wasn't Dad, his heartbeat sounds normal."
Peter was pulled up by the gentle voice Steve used. "Yeah...later."
"That punk assaulted you. And he verbally abuses you. That's not right." Steve snapped.
They were practicing their sparring. None of them were in their full suits. Nat, of course, was armed to the teeth and had her bites on. Peter only had his webshooters, not the suit. Steve had his shield and his bracer. That was it. Tony was particularly upset that Steve wasn't in his full suit, claiming he wanted a chance to see 'America's ass in full glory.' Steve had laughed.
"Okay." She watched his face. She did not want to see her leg. He looked like a doctor, calm, collected. Focused. Every part of him was focused solely on this one task, dedicated to helping. There wasn't an ounce of worry or panic anywhere. It helped ease her mind a little.
"Does he now...? You made that much power with trashed parts? Makes me wonder what you could do with better equipment." Mr. Stane leered at him.
Doctor Strange shrugged. "I have no clue. Things echo through time. But I bet there is a connection somewhere."
"Okay." Peter hugged Steve one more time before he made his escape. Hopefully when he came back down he wouldn't hear the whirring of machines or the moving of bones or...any of that. He shivered as he got onto the elevator.
"I don't...want to look at him just yet, is that rude?"
"The mask was only for Nat, no one else knows about those." Tony said. "Maybe an LMD? Obie would have access to those. They have a heartbeat..."
"So...what's up with Dr. Strange. He's... What the hell? I mean, magic?"
"Won't leave you alone either." Strange chuckled.
"Yowzah." Maggie shook her head. "I don't imagine learning to drive."
A video came on screen. A man in gold and red. A round bowl over his head, full of smoke, that shrouded his face. "Hello, Tony Stark. You once took something from me and my colleagues. So I decided to take something for you. I've enjoyed watching you suffer for the past five days. Watching you scramble and cry. It's been beautiful. So beautiful, I wanted to give you something back. A gift, if you will." The voice said, expressionless, but so cheerful-sounding. "As you know, your son's pitiful escape attempt wasn't enough. And...well, I found him first. I've very good at what I do, Stark. And I know you've been watching...and I realize, I can't let you watch anymore. So here's some sound."
"Of course, Peter." JARVIS answered. "Deep breaths, Peter. You seem to be under duress."
"Um, yes."
There was no media release. Tony and Steve had announced that they'd adopted their son a while ago and that they weren't going to reveal him to the public (though Tony's phrasing had been 'throw him to the wolves') until he was ready. Peter was the only name the world had to go on.
"I know you are, but I'm going to make it better. You're hurt, and I'm going to fix it. Me and Christine."
"Come on, bud. What are you gonna do?" Steve asked.
"No, no, no. You gotta get up and see the action. If you're gonna steal, you just got to do it."
"No, really...we've had fires." Peter told Maggie. At that DUM-E rolled forward, with an extinguisher. "Hey, buddy. Good job, but we don't need that right now, okay?" He gently rubbed the bot's arm and took away the extinguisher. "You did good."
"Boring. Flash was being an asshole all day. And I had two pop quizzes. It's like the teachers got together to plot our demise."
Peter laughed.
Peter walked into the lab and up to his desk. His prototype had been moved. He could tell. It had only been a centimeter, but it had moved. Someone had taken it. But, Peter wasn't all too upset. He'd messed with the base configuration. Even if someone figured out where he was going with it, they'd be left with a flawed power source that would cut off after two hours. Peter wasn't leaving his work done properly anywhere where someone could find it.
"What do you have against 12?"
Vanessa took her leave. She had an idea that this wasn't going to be a simple mentor-mentee bond. She could tell that Strange cared for Maggie. And whether Maggie consciously knew it or not, she already trusted Strange. She just wanted the best for her girl.
"Risotto alright?"
Peter smelled the food truck from where he was. His stomach rumbled. It was a damn shame that it was moving, driving down the road, because he could really use something to eat. Maybe he should go home, end patrol early. That way he could eat. Wait... Peter frowned. Had the truck driven past him before?
"Sure." Maggie looked out. Then she pointed. "Danger mostly that way. Maybe a potential car accident waiting to happen."
"Very well, Peter. Thank you." JARVIS responded. "Dr. Stephen Vincent Strange, you are permitted access to this area, but no others unless occupied by someone with further access."
Peter nodded. It was true. Going out angry wasn't safe. He probably had been overreacting. His dad obviously loved him, he'd probably even come down to the lower labs just to make sure he was okay. Yeah, Tony'd been mean, but he'd also broken bones, hit his head, and been dealing with a terrorist running his company, not to mention he'd recently adopted Peter and gotten engaged, the man obviously was under stress. Peter knew that and...maybe he'd just taken it too personally. Peter'd lashed out before and regretted it. Maybe that was all it was. Two people under stress lashing out. "I'm sorry."
Without a word, Happy reached into the glove box and pulled out a small bottle of water.
Maggie's eyebrows pulled together. "Is this a trick question?" Was he trying to see if she'd break his rules? Was this a trap? "I'm not supposed to do anything for another like...two weeks or something."
"Ooh, Captain, that voice gave me the good shivers. Sure you're not going all Captain Hydra on us?"
"Can I tell you a secret? Something I've never told anyone?" Maggie asked.
Peter grinned and jumped to his feet. "Awesome." The two ran laps around the lake. After a couple laps, Peter sped up a little. Steve sped up in response to keep pace. Peter smirked at him, then really took off. It felt awesome to run without any fear of being watched or running into a car or cab or pedestrian. "On your right!" He called in warning before he lapped his papa. He laughed, exalted, then finished his loop and headed back to the porch.
"Mm." She nodded.
"Lots of damage down there. Let's take care of it. You get the streets, I'll try to help people in that building over there."
I know it has been a really really long time...and I'm sorry.
"Let me guess, psychic fan?" Peter asked.
"Mmhm." Peter nodded in agreement. "Yes, food!"
"'Pretty sure' doesn't work. We raid this place and he's not there...they'll move him again. We'll lose him." Steve's voice came back.
If Wade wasn't real, then her step-father wasn't either. She...didn't have to be afraid. Sure, they'd hit her and hurt her, but...those ghosts were just ghosts.
"She just...she's struggling, and she doesn't have to."
"Good, it's settled then. We'll always know, for sure." Tony nodded.
"Are you okay, Peter?" Tony asked, concerned.
"How?"
"I could almost triple that time with household parts... Shit. He mentioned something about what I might be capable of with better equipment."
No...
"He's..." Vanessa sighed. "Taking out his anger..."
"Can I learn super healing? Peter was back on his feet and doing crazy shit the next day. He's at dance and everything!"
"Ah, he's fine. I've stabbed him worse than that kid did." Nat shrugged. "Next time, trust us."
(See the end of the chapter for
"What? Kid, I'm in the same building as you. Wait! What's wrong? Stay on the line, don't go." Tony said. "JARVIS, find Peter." There was silence for a moment.
"He is. Go for the legs, Peter!" Tony called from the sidelines. "I want you to win, kid."
Wong smirked. "Aw, Strange is going soft."
"I know. I know." He said, rubbing circles on her back, gentle. "I'm sorry."
"Not that impressive. I still balance out. Low reading level, high math level. I meet in the middle."
"Oh. Weird." Maggie returned to reading. She fumbled over words she used in every day conversation. And the longer she read, the worse it seemed to get. More than once, Strange had to guide her backwards, because she'd skip a line or get the words out of order. They only got to the end of scene four before Strange had dinner done. "How does anyone understand this?"
"What?" She narrowed her eyes on him.
Peter nodded. "Thanks."
"They felt dirty." Maggie shrugged.
"Fractured skull. Couple bruised bones. One cracked rib. A little internal bleeding. Trauma to the throat...she will probably have a rough voice for a few days. Lots of bruises and scrapes. Dehydration, slight malnutrition... Both thumbs dislocated...she didn't do great putting them back, but we fixed them."
"I'm gonna stop you right there. It sounds like you're almost offering yourself up as bait." Tony narrowed his eyes.
"Okay. So maybe an LMD." Steve nodded. "But you'll be able to tell, at least. But where were you today? JARVIS couldn't find you, so where'd you go?"
Dr. Strange let out a breath and leaned forward. So he wasn't screwing up. She seemed more reserved than usual. Timid. He was worried he'd made her feel threatened somehow, causing her to retreat. She didn't seem threatened at all. He knew she was a tough kid, she'd let him know if he'd fucked up. But, still, she was quieter than usual. Trying to get used to a new space? He hoped that was all. He'd never known a kid to do chores unasked before though, he didn't volunteer as a kid. He did what he was supposed to, no more no less. She did it without even being prompted.
She nodded, her legs shifting as she obviously was taking in the feel of the floor below her.
Peter swung across the city and found himself at the church. Sitting in the bell tower was nice, somehow. Familiar. He still felt angry, pissed at Tony, but there was a sadness and fear there too. What if he'd done something wrong? What if he'd messed up? What if Tony didn't want him around at all anymore? At least the steeple had a safe place still...just in case.
"Must be a friend if he's showing his face off." Helen scoffed. "Let's see the damage. Hmm. You'll need stitches and the wound cleaned. You can leave the mask if you want, but the pea coat needs to go."
Dr. Strange nodded. "Have you considered that the threat may ACTUALLY be invisible?"
"Yeah."
Peter turned, his eyes wide. "You're anxious for ME?"
"Look at our good citizen." Vanessa said with a fond smile over her mug.
"Fuck off."
"We disagree again, but we'll compromise." Strange laughed. "You probably have homework to do."
"Not with this. It's my fight. Stay low. Don't engage. Not the A-Team and not Stane."
Peter smiled. He got to do his internship today. "Yeah. Should be fun."
"Peter, come on!" Ned walked up and grabbed his shoulder.
"You're just one little girl."
The poor child. His heart ached for her. He wanted to hide her, take her somewhere where no one could ever hurt her again. He never wanted to see that terror on her face again. "Yes." Strange nodded. "It's them."
Maggie grinned. "I hope it works." She looked down at her watch. "I gotta go. Dance class."
"You want to 'woosh' me to the door?"
"So, Mr. Intern, since you're supposed to be learning. How about you try to re-write this in your own way?"
Maggie's face wrinkled. She didn't think of him like that. He was just her dad. She knew he wasn't ugly though. She didn't know. When she looked at him she saw safety, calm, confidence, shelter. She didn't think she could look at him any other way, but she let Kate have her opinion.
"She is going to be okay, right?"
Vanessa knew that. All those years ago, Maggie'd been found in an alley by Wade. She'd had nothing but the clothes on her back and her dad's watch. Now there was nothing from her parents, her home.
"I wanna be home." Peter whispered.
"I can look." Tony said, pulling up the last video he had of Maggie before she was kidnapped.
"See you soon, kiddo."
"It's not real right?" She asked with a shaky voice.
Where were they?
She didn't waste time thinking about it. She kept one hand holding the ceiling, one hand keeping the babe close, ran for the window, and jumped. "Back off! The building's coming down. Back up!" She warned everyone until they were back behind the danger line. She landed on the ground gently then let go of the building. It resumed it's fall at a normal pace. Thankfully, only a few floors collapsed, it would likely come down the rest of the way later, but for now it was stopped. She felt dizzy at the use of her power. She couldn't stop though. She lowered the boy to the ground and gave him back his baby brother. "See those flashing lights?" She pointed to an ambulance that had just arrived. "Go to them, they'll help you, okay?"
"Yeah." Peter nodded. He was going to avoid his project for a little bit. He didn't feel unsafe, but he wasn't going to put his ideas out there willy-nilly. He felt like he was always being watched now, maybe it was just his nerves, or just the situation in general, but his spidersense was a constant dull hum, just a constant reminder that danger was around him, always. In fact, the only time he felt fine was when he was home or patrolling. That was a little tiresome.
"Huh?" Steve asked. "What's so funny about that?"
"Thank you again, Christine."
"I don't see why not. You made it through the night, no bad reactions to antibiotics or the transfusion. I'll have to see about pain meds and oral antibiotics. I'm sure Dr. Cho would write you a script. I'll check on that so we can take you home." Strange got up and walked away.
"Okay. I'll pick."
Steve took a deep breath and headed out, into the flashing lights.
Peter closed his eyes. "I'm sorry."
"Oh, I just thought you curled it. Usually it's straight."
"Will they know who Iron Man is after this?"
"You'd be a good fit. We both know that's not up Tony's alley. He's actually happy in charge of R&D. He just...doesn't approve of the current CEO. Think you'd do good."
Peter woke up and got out of bed, carrying his dinner dishes out of his room. In the kitchen, Steve was pouring coffee into Tony's mug.
"Hey, MJ." Peter got to his feet and glared at Flash. "Just fuck off, won't you?"
"Take it." Tony said.
She hid her head in her hands, her staff left on the ground. "At least I didn't pull my stitches." She laughed wetly.
"Or I could just be dyslexic." Maggie shrugged.
"Yes, all within acceptable ranges." Dr. Strange said quietly as he removed the stethoscope.
Hey, new loser.
"Uh...pretty. I gotta control it more often than not." Peter turned and picked up the baddie. "What was this about?"
"STEVE!" Tony shouted.
"How do I do that?"
Her eyes got droopy and she started to slide down. Her head started to fall to the side.
Peter slowly woke, his head hurt. He shifted and paused. He was sitting, his arms and legs strapped down. Tight. He fought against the bonds. Nothing budged. Where was he? The last thing he could remember was being at the church... With Aaron? The door had opened and then...
"Well, I can't judge his mental health, but physical health is an extension of it. Considering all he's been through, he's doing very well. I think you and Steve have something to do with that." She smiled as she got her paperwork together and slipped it into a folder. "Now, you are good to go, still nothing strenuous, okay?"
"About that. No one can know he's Spiderman. You, me, Tony, and Steve are the only ones who know. So keep your mouth shut, won't you?" Nat asked in a deadpan voice.
"There often are things missing in movie adaptations."
"No, well, I could finish this week's calculus, but not really after that."
"Mrs. Wilson, I've searched through all the footage. She was last seen on cameras two blocks from the place you found her phone." JARVIS said.
Steve didn't know what to do. Everything in his training told him to go, be a soldier, win the fight, protect his team. Everything in his heart told him that he couldn't leave Peter.
"Yeah. Taking a break." Peter hadn't started patrolling yet. He wanted a moment to calm down and breathe first. "Saw you on Sunday."
A blood curdling scream woke Dr. Strange. He bolted upright in his bed at the terrifying sound.
Her face fell. "Um, no. He's out of town."
"Dr. Palmer, now, please." He didn't like the blood in her hair. There was too much for his liking. Her head was falling back, unsupported by her any more, her eyes shifted, pupils mismatched in size. She was deteriorating fast. What the hell was happening? Oh...the green light around her skull...it was flickering, fading.
Peter wasn't laughing. Two on one was no laughing matter.
"I'm sorry."
No tie.
"It's for me, not for her. I want to remember it, so I name it what I like. Got it?"
"We'll find him, sir. I'll keep looking."
"That would be amazing!" Peter grinned.
"Yeah."
"Do you have any napkins?" The man asked the barista.
"Tony?"
"Language." Dr. Strange scolded. "You're getting better. But...magic." He shrugged.
"ETA on the food, J?"
"Guilt is in your head. But I need you to know you don't have any blame. I was responsible for getting me out...and I did. You aren't at fault at all." Maggie insisted. "We're still frenemies."
Strange looked at her. His sharp eyes softened. "Margaret, you haven't been out of surgery long. I'm not going to leave you unsupervised. Do you know what can happen if-?"
As long as Margaret wasn't upset or felt unsafe, he'd take it as a win and imagine her quietness was more about being in a strange place than anything else.
"Sir, I hate to interrupt. But I believe I've just found indication that Mr. Stane will be selling weapons tomorrow."
There were twenty hostages on the ground, hands over their heads. Five men in masks were pointing their guns at a lone girl who was still standing. The girl was wearing a navy blue pea coat. Her gloved hands were holding a silver staff. Her eyes were covered by a mask. Her head lifted just a little bit and she made eye-contact with Peter and shook her head slightly, but then looked down at the masked men.
"You scared the fuck out of us, Reese." Wade said, ruffling her hair. "Glad to see some color in your cheeks."
"Any more?" Vanessa asked.
"No, I'm not. It does get blood out. Have used it before." Maggie shrugged. "What? I've gotten stabbed and punched and had broken bones. Been shot a few times...I left those timelines. If I couldn't...adjust time I'd...well, be dead a few times. That's what training's for. We can't all have super healing. And...my powers are defensive in nature...makes it harder to fight but, I've learned to be scrappy."
Quickly, decisively. He changed Dr. Strange to Dr. Dad. Wade to a skull and crossbones and someone named Thomas to 'The Tank Engine.' "Perfect. All set."
Peter laughed.
"Yes, you're safe. Dr. Palmer is safe too, she's a friend. Her name's Christine. She and I worked together for a long time. I trust her." A slight pressure on her hand told her he was trying to reassure her. "Wade and Ness are here." He nodded across the bed.
Steve found himself standing in the middle of a room that felt...wrong. It didn't feel normal.
"You'll let me back in right?"
"I cannot tell what floor he is on. He entered the building ten minutes ago and got on the elevator, I do not know what floor he got off on." JARVIS answered. "There is some sort of error in my sensors. I cannot find him."
Tony looked like he wanted to say something. Was he a bit paler? He shook his head. "Do you like it? Do we need to change anything?"
The man left and she leaned her head back against the wall. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Maybe she could meditate, look into the future without tipping them off to what she was doing.
JARVIS worked to find more, but all he had were three images, a sound clip, and a very brief proximity alert. One even Tony couldn't have reacted to fast enough. The three tiny shreds of evidence added up to one very upsetting fact. There was a sort of suit out there, one larger than Tony's. It didn't seem to have the same power levels judging by the sound of the thrusters but...it was strong, strong enough to put up a fight against Tony's.
"I'll settle for that, pipsqueak." Wade kissed her cheek. He turned and looked at Dr. Strange a serious look in his eyes. "Our discussion still stands. Got it?"
Still not nice stuff in here. Just saying.
"Didn't realize there were all these subtle cues in this."
Peter laughed with her. "You don't have to."
"Honey, that's as light as physically responsible."
Vanessa paused and followed Maggie's gaze. There was nothing she could say about that. It would be insensitive to offer to get her a new watch. I'm sorry wasn't enough. What could she say? "I'm sorry, sweetie." Vanessa said gently as Strange rinsed her hair.
Perhaps he could take it from Tony's corpse once he'd killed him. Then Stane would have the ultimate weapon and he'd get to sell his weapons without any trouble.
Dr. Strange nodded. "It was distracting you, and you couldn't do anything, so...I fixed it."
Tony raised his voice. "I'm sorry, did you just call ME stupid?" Their quiet, private conversation was no longer quiet or private. People from neighboring stations were looking at them.
"No."
"Same." She nodded and cupped her arm where it was injured.
"Only you, kiddo. Is the suit alright? I expected you to be gone longer."
He got up and followed the man into his office.
"Nice. Which one?"
"Is that you predicting the future or you giving up on trying?"
Was she embarrassed about reading a kids book? Why? Peter still read them. They were great. Then...his mind clicked. Was she embarrassed because it was her first time reading them? "Oh. Awesome! Goblet of Fire is my favorite. Lemme know what you think about them, okay?"
Break a leg. Or two... How much luck do you need?
Wade nodded. "Yeah, we can do that."
It was futile though. There was...nothing. No way to find either of them.
"Yup. Lights are on, power's holding steady. You can let everyone know at the end of your presentation that you ran that building's power supply, okay? It's been off the grid since you set it up. Take deep breaths. Talk slow. Trust me, you will speak a lot faster than you think you are. So breathe and talk slower than you think you should."
"Hey, Peter, you okay?"
"I'm always outnumbered, JARVIS, that's how it works when you have the highest recorded IQ ever. It's not my fault I'm on a higher plain of existence."
"Are the explosions him or Stane?" Explosions? Peter didn't know why he thought there were explosions, he hadn't heard or seen any explosions. Yet...why did he feel like there were? Why did he think there was smoke in the air when their wasn't? His mind, apparently, still partially remembered the other timeline that Maggie had reset.
"Steve, tell him he's an idiot."
"It'd be a fun game though. Wouldn't it?" Quentin smiled warmly.
"Yeah, dude. Oh my god!" Ned whispered in realization.
"Well...you were reading bedtime stories and we got to listen so... Honey, you've missed bedtime stories."
"What? Steve's a screamer. No shame in that."
That was comforting. That was part was the best. There was no amount of crazy or weird she could be that they wouldn't accept. She looked back at the watch and smiled gently. It kept ticking. As long as it kept ticking, she got to keep part of her Dad with her and part of her mother...the part before everything had gone bad.
"Already learned that one. I'm on top of it." He smiled. "Got our doors sealed."
It took Maggie a moment to process then she smiled. "You said Cape-y."
The cement walls shook. Dust fell from the ceiling.
Wade is the MVP of jokes. Just saying.
Peter paled. "Just making sure she got home safe, sir. Sh-she um, was tired today. After the fight."
Maggie nodded and was grateful he took Polonius. That dude could talk. It was easier to follow the words with her eyes as they were spoken aloud. Then Hamlet got more talkative and damn, who talked this much? "What's... 'swounds?"
"Peter!" Tony screamed.
Speaking of Lizzy, she hobbled up on crutches. "THAT WAS AMAZING! You did great you two."
"You're delusional."
"Does she remember anything? Is she responsive?"
A repulsor blast was coming. Tony wasn't going to dodge in time. He knew it. He braced himself.
"Cool. I really am sorry about the window."
"They're calling it an elemental at the moment. They don't know how to stop it just yet. It keeps coming back. There's fire everywhere..." Maggie frowned. "Dr. Strange is really perplexed. Said it doesn't make any sense...they can't...hit it. It can deal damage but...it's untouchable."
"Uh, y-yeah. How do you know that?"
Peter was dodging more than attacking. But he was getting a few hits in.
"Dammit."
"Mmhm."
Peter sighed. Happy with the badges thing again. "Hey, Happy."
Wong nodded. "Is something wrong?"
"They're forced to do certain jobs. The puppies are stolen from their mom... I didn't get that. Why?" Maggie wasn't going to admit that watching the film had stuck far better than reading had. She wasn't sure how well Strange would deal with that.
"Yeah," Ned nodded. "If you go through the main doors, take a left at the first hall. It's toward the end, before the stairs on the right."
"He's a twig, Peter, you could knock him out in one hit." Happy said, loud enough for flash to hear.
"Yeah. No problem." Maggie went to the corner of the room and picked up her water bottle, taking a swig. She looked completely relaxed as she sat down, a complete contrast to how she'd been when they'd touched. Somehow, she seemed completely fine with being alone in a room with an obviously stronger guy, but freaked out over touch. Again, Peter didn't judge it, but made note of it. She had mentioned something about being able to tell when danger was near. Maybe she had her own sort of spidersense. "So, how are you doing?"
"Christine?" Strange asked.
"Well, thanks for helping our little spider." Tony said, a gentle smile on his face.
"Yes, Peter. What phone would you like me to find for you? Did you leave yours somewhere again?"
"You can have some water." Strange reached for it, but Vanessa beat him to it.
Tony sighed, he couldn't lose his temper. He wasn't going to lose his temper. This was Peter. Peter is a great kid and Tony wasn't going to be his father. "Kid, what's going on?"
"Oh, I heard from my good friend Spiderman that you're Natalie Portman. If anyone asks, I'll tell them that." Tony said with a smile.
"What happened?"
"No, it's okay. I'm just going to get a little work done, figure some things out, and then I'll see you after, deal?"
Slowly she sat up and looked at her hands. There was blood everywhere. She took a deep breath and crawled forward to grab the card from his pocket.
A young man stood up. "Mr. Beck...what about the girl? What...are you going to do with her?" He looked strangely eager.
"Yeah...it's me. You're okay. Breathe. Dad and I are here, Pete. We've got you. We got you back."
"You sure?"
"Yeah, that would be nice, got a bit beat up today."
He grabbed her by her hair. "You'll change your mind. We're gonna have a lot of fun, Magnolia." He slammed her head against the wall. There was a wet cracking sound. He got up and left.
"Asshole!" Maggie flipped away from another attack, then pulled her staff free. "We're not playing this game anymore."
"I'll help, I'll be Hamlet."
He nodded and turned. "Listen...the future isn't set in stone. It changes, it morphs. Don't be afraid of it, Margaret."
"Alright. So, you had some pretty heavy damage to this section of your head." He used his free hand to trace the side of his own head.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to overstep or anything. If I'm bugging you with...sorry."
"Yes." Tony nodded.
Presenting: Found Family
"I'm peachy! Gonna watch out for that girl though. She ain't afraid to fight. Scrappy little one." Clint laughed. "Couple stitches and I'll be good."
She rubbed her jaw after taking another drink.
Maggie scrunched her eyes tighter then blinked them open. "Ness?"
"Read those first." Dr. Cho said. "Then you can tinker."
"The movie? Yes."
"You're safe. I checked all of them." Strange promised. "I have the advantage of being able to see if the astral matches what we see on the outside."
"It's okay." She laughed. "At least you don't step on my toes. Been through that before." She jolted back suddenly.
"Don't call me Grumpy, Dopey." Tony rolled his eyes.
Peter squeezed his eyes shut tight. His chest hurt.
Strange made a noise of affirmation from where he sat between the two beds. "I took the time to read his file-"
"That's why there was no fight." Nat said. "They threatened someone to keep Peter from fighting."
"Pretty much." Peter stated.
"Oh, I forgot, you can't answer." He snapped his fingers.
Peter smiled. "He's super cool." Peter frowned and sat down too. "So what's up with you?"
"It hasn't happened. Just because you've seen it, doesn't make it real." Dr. Strange didn't try to contradict her. "Are you okay?"
Peter stretched slowly. Something felt wrong. His spidersense had been going off ever since he left school and headed to dance. He glanced at Maggie. She was standing by the mirrored wall, not stretching at all. Her eyes were darting between herself, Peter, then somewhere beyond the walls quickly. Her danger sense must've been going haywire too, not a good sign.
"No shitting?" Ned asked with huge eyes. "Awesome! So...how's your family been? I saw online that your dad broke his arm in an accident. Is he alright?"
"Like the weather. Very few outliers can change that."
She dabbed her face against her knees, then closed her eyes. She slowed and sped up the ant that crawled on the ground, hoping that the small amount of green light would go unnoticed. She'd do it as long as she could manage. Until she was exhausted. She needed to get Dr. Strange's attention, somehow. If he noticed her using her powers at all hours of the day and night...that might help.
"Then it's lucky you came back, and that the Ancient One mentioned your name to me." Stephen nodded. He stood up and paced the space. "You need to find the balance between things. You can't let your powers consume you. You need to control them. It isn't a trade-off, it's balance. You need to focus and find that point. To do that you need to understand your powers and their effects. You need balance."
"Fre'le." She pointed to her cheek. "B-blue eyes. Unassuming. Pleasen'. 'til you meet 'im. He be'ame arrogan'."
"Forgiveness rather than permission, right?" Christine laughed. "You took a whole room. Does it exist or is it just this...wormhole or something?"
"Same for me. It makes me anxious. But Christmas is fun." She shivered and finished her cup.
Then Peter heard it. Maggie was screaming. She was screaming, in pain, afraid, because of him. He went still. He couldn't get her hurt. He couldn't.
Peter shrugged. "That's how he is."
"I'm happy to tell you, this'll be your last day in here. But we're going to have some fun first. Don't worry, no one will hear you scream, be as loud as you want." His smile made her stomach turn.
Peter chose to wear purple. Because that's what worked. His dad was wearing black and red, his papa black and blue. It just sorta made sense to land somewhere in the middle with purple. It was a beautiful ceremony. Quiet and small. There was only family and friends. Ned sat on one side of Peter, Pepper was on his other side. Ned only freaked out a little bit by being around so many awesome people. Mostly he kept it cool.
"I'm good. My mom's down there." Ned looked at Peter. "Make sure you get those off."
Peter flipped over the top of the building. The baddie followed a second later.
She shook her head. "I have a feeling something else is happening. I'm getting danger vibes."
"Five more minutes, May." Peter felt awful, groggy.
She was gone as quick as her body'd take her.
"Karen. Check everything. Is their something wrong? Something in my head? Anything?" That couldn't be. He couldn't have seen his aunt. But it was so real. She was there, walking the streets. Then she'd vanished. What the hell was that?
"I know." Tony sighed and leaned back slowly. "I'm firing the whole BoD once I've got control back. Then I'm giving Pepper CEO. She's got a whole team in mind already. I can't wait. Finally my name won't be the cause of pain across the world. It can be a sign of help...hope. Safety not fear."
