“I guess you already figured some out on your own that this is from my mom’s family side?” and Castiel nods at that, “his name is Benji; I don’t know about his friends. But, my uncle said Benji only invites his closest friends. Let’s assume—at least there will be 10 people; What do you think we should do? I think a party sounds a bit too much —don’t you think? I could only think—why don’t we just hang out? Maybe some pizzas and chips or maybe barbeque or s’mores? What do you think, babe?”
“But you wish he was.”
There’s no fighting it, no denying it anymore. Dean’s in love with his roommate, his best friend. This confounding, infuriating, nerdy little dude who came into his life like a whirlwind and made a permanent mark on his heart, and if this is the closest he’ll ever get to having him,
. Wordlessly, he flails an arm toward the nightstand on his side of the bed and Cas leans up across his body to open it and fish around. He feels the guy freeze.
“Anyone without my ability to read people can see what’s between you two. But yeah, you could say that.”
That makes him wonder what other misconceptions he may have about Eden. He saw the way Donna leaned into Jody’s personal space, the obvious fondness in their shared glances. Jo nestled comfortably on Charlie’s lap on the couch for the better part of an hour, humming along to the music from Dean’s vinyls during lulls in their banter. Jesse and Cesar holding hands while sitting at the kitchen table across from Benny, Meg, and Ezekiel.
Dean’s eyebrows rise.
Although they’ve called and texted daily during their time apart, tonight marks eight days since he’s seen his angel (well, ex-angel). Eight days since he last kissed him, tasted his skin or heard his throaty moans.
Dean scoffs, about to respond when he spots Castiel standing by the stairs and waves him over. “Hey! C’mere.”
, when Cas is here in front of him, touching him, distracting him from his own mind. Over the phone like this, he feels awkward and exposed. Logically, it should be the reverse, but then again no one's ever accused Dean of being logical.
“Screw Boston, and screw Michael,” Gabe snapped. “He may be our brother but he’s also the world's biggest bag of dicks, and Dad? He’s gone. You don’t owe anyone a damn thing.” Castiel’s throat closed around a pained whimper. Then, softly, “I’m just tired of seeing you miserable.”
“Excuse me?” Michael snarls, slipping slightly from his normal clipped, polished diction. “Have you forgotten all I’ve done for you? You were
“You love me.”
God, but Dean’s touch felt so
Within minutes he's rocking down against his hand, nudging against his prostate on every third or fourth stroke, the head of his cock rubbing ruthlessly between his lower abdomen and lace with each shift of tense thighs,
He imagines Dean greedily measuring every tiny noise, every pant and groan, every expression on his face as he fucks him slowly open on his fingers, learning all his special tells and playing Castiel like a fine-tuned instrument. His finger slips inside, still slow, wet and yet not slick enough for the perfect balance of friction and slide as his inner walls both stretch and clench in pulsing waves. Head tipping sharply back, it knocks against the tile. This isn’t the perfect angle, but oh well, he’ll work with what he’s got for now because he’s done this enough times to know every firm stroke, every twist and flick, to know just the way he likes it as he builds up a rhythm between the mild burn and pressure in his ass and the hand furiously working his dick.
Castiel sits forward, lips pursed. Hearing Dean speak about himself in such a way hits a nerve. “That’s not true at all. You’re not ‘Average Joe’, you're Dean Winchester. And from what I have heard, you have many admirable qualities.”
His back is arched, bare feet and palms planted on the mat he’s laid out, perfect ass in the air, neatly framed between the glass-plated French doors.
Dean spends the rest of the week catching up on his Netflix watch list, introducing Cas to shows and movies he’s never seen, and re-reads his tattered paperback copies of
“Gabe, he sounds like a good guy. But your dad, and Michael? All those other assholes back there? They don’t deserve you.” Castiel chokes back a sob, face pressed into Dean’s neck. “Maybe this is your chance to do things differently. To have a fresh start, a new life. I know we haven’t known each other long, man, but you’re...” he pauses, takes a breath. “You're like family to me, Cas. I just… want you to know that. You’re not alone.”
it’s his brother. Nothing has ever killed his boner faster.
It’s a helluva good thing Cas’ eyes are glued to his instead of wandering at that moment because otherwise there’d be no way to hide the traitorous hard-on trapped, sticky-hot and wet at the tip, between his thigh and dark, distressed denim.
Several more of Dean’s employees and friends also attend; Benny, Ezekiel, Jesse and Cesar, a woman named Pamela who gives Castiel an eerie, contemplative look upon entering and grabs Dean's ass (he tries not to burn holes into her skull after that, but it's a struggle). Becky, Dean’s secretary, who is perky and more talkative than he's frankly comfortable with (and apparently has had a crush on Dean's now spoken-for brother since high school), and finally, Jody and Donna, who Dean informs him are the town’s sheriff and deputy sheriff. It’s an eclectic bunch, much to Castiel’s surprise, and all are exceedingly friendly and humble. Several even come bearing gifts, which steadily form a pile in the foyer beside Sam's.
But that assured, commanding demeanor comes out in exactly two situations; battle and the bedroom, and it’s always a stark reminder that Cas is no ordinary man. A former multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent or whatever the fuck, Castiel is
His eyes go wide as the sultry female voice penetrates his brain. Cas is staring at him. He’s staring at Cas, probably has been for a while. Again. And Meg’s standing there, arms crossed, staring at both of them. His face feels like an inferno.
Currently standing behind the bar, she raises an eyebrow when he passes by his usual seat, instead stalking toward the back corner booth with the most privacy. Dean climbs into it while Cas shucks off his trench coat and blazer, draping them on the opposite seat, finally giving Dean a small glimpse of the body hidden beneath all those ill-fitting layers.
“Hey.”
Dean’s eyelids flutter, a soft sigh escapes his lips. Right now, he sees Cas lying flat, arm tucked protectively around him. Breathing softly, his shock of dark hair close enough to tickle his nose. He smells of earth and rain, similar to the dream, but different. It’s uniquely Cas, this scent, and Dean wishes he could wrap himself in it, burrow down, stay forever. There’s the mild tang of salt, sweat, beneath whatever soap he uses. Piney, little musky and masculine, but kinda sweet, too and he can almost—
Cas nods again, already slowly backing away, his shy smile growing a fraction. He starts to turn around but hesitates, gaze flitting to Dean one last time. “Have a good day at work, Dean,” he says coyly.
“So”—Sam pops the caps off two bottles and hands one to Dean—“how’s it going?”
“Dean, I’m not interested in anything more than her friendship,” Cas murmurs. “Don’t you want me to have friends here?”
Castiel chuckles and pulls away. “I’ll be back. Stay put.”
She snickers, replying, “Yeah, don’t I know it,” as she turns away and flaps a hand over her shoulder.
Cas stay? Sure, he hated his job, that much was obvious. But he had friends there, right? A whole life back in Boston, and he left it behind.
But then Cas groans, rough and lascivious, and
Throughout the week, Castiel had scraped every inch of dated, peeling wallpaper from the house and prepared the walls for fresh coats of paint.
He’s not “emotionally unavailable”, as past flings have suggested. He’s just busy.
Closing his eyes, he sees Castiel’s soft lips. His long, pink tongue wetting them before they meet Dean’s and fuck, Cas tastes like Heaven, smells like sunshine and rain and Dean wants more,
,” he pleads, rolling his hips.
“Excuse me?” Castiel says, head tilted.
And if he gets a silent thrill from the position they’re in, Cas with his wrinkled suit and crooked tie, with that ruffled, messy hair, standing between his legs so close he can just about feel that angelic warmth emanating from his body, the urge to grab his hand and pull him closer building by the second, well that’s his damn business.
I sketched the layout for the house. Maybe one of these days I'll redo it all fancy but for now you get to bask in my crappy handwriting.
t-shirt at The Empire Mall, or come in from the garden he's obsessively cultivating to grab a glass of water with dirt under his nails, grass stains on his knees, and this soft, content look on his face.
where?” Castiel shakes his head and leans his hip against the desk. “And what exactly am I supposed to do with this information?”
“So you must have met Ash.”
“Very good, thank you. Now, you’ll need lubrication and a toy, whichever you like. Set them on the bed.”
“Marry me.”
“Yeah, yeah,
“Just ‘Cas’?” she asks with a teasing lilt.
He pads to the room across the hall and finds it empty. Dean must have let Claire out when he got up. He smiles, pleased at how thoughtful the man is, despite what her proximity does to him (though it seems to have abated now that Dean’s taken to a regular medicinal regimen). After picking through his suitcase, he slips into the bathroom and turns on the shower. Steps in without waiting for it to warm, half-heartedly hoping the shock of cold will kill his arousal.
Tilting his head, he lets out a hushed, “Goodnight, Dean,” and it’s not long before Dean’s breathing evens out, the first gentle, adorable snores sneaking free. He watches the eyelashes dusting Dean’s skin, the subtle shadows carved beneath his cheekbones, remembers the look in his eyes as he’d
“What’s going on?” Dean moves cautiously toward him, laying a gentle palm on his shoulder from behind. Castiel sags into the touch with a forlorn sigh.
Charlie quirks her brow at him. She knows him well enough that she’s not offended, but she still doesn’t deserve that. And really, this is his fault, not hers. He hadn’t exactly been keeping her up on the up and up. The little time he’s spent at work this past week, he’s been distractedly daydreaming and staring at his phone, waiting for new alerts to come in. People were bound to notice, and he shouldn’t be surprised that one of the first is his closest and oldest friend.
“Yeah.”
“It’s a hangover cure, Cas. What kinda rock you been livin’ under?” And then, with a noticeably teasing lilt, “Aren’t you a
, makes him think of Dean. A song gifted to him by the love of his life, because what better is there to occupy his mind with than the man he’s intent to impress today?
Then the bright shaft of sunlight poking through his blinds shifts position, right across his face, and brooding finally begins to lose its appeal.
that anyone else had approached the counter behind him.
. When fingers card affectionately through his hair he looks up from beneath his lashes, takes Cas down as far as he can go without choking and moans, the sound vibrating through Cas’ thick girth.
Thoughts/theories? Lemme know down below!
,” Dean pleads, hand dropping from the death-grip it’s had around his shoulders to fumble at Castiel’s belt. “Waited so long—”
“You, ah—” He clears his throat, barely managing to tear his eyes away from his waiting prize. Not really a way to ask this that isn’t blunt, so might as well just spit it out. “You clean?”
“Maybe. I don’t know.” Pouting, his eyes search the floor as though there’s a straightforward answer built into the grout lines in the tile. He traces one with the toe of his boot and shoves his hands in his pockets. “You know how I am with... relationships. What if I fuck it up? It’s… it’s too complicated.”
. Whatever. The important thing is, something about Cas intrigues him, and once he has his sights set, Dean’s a capital-D Dog with a bone(r).
He studies Dean, mentally compiling a list of attributes that stand out. While Dean has numerous physical characteristics that anyone would find pleasing, it’s the inner workings of the man that intrigue Castiel the most. Despite the difficult childhood he described the evening prior, he shows remarkable resolve and determination. He is kind beneath the sarcastic, flirty, sometimes brusque exterior that Castiel is already beginning to believe is a protective front. He’s adaptable, down to earth, charming, and adorably passionate. Dean is utterly unlike anyone Castiel has ever met, and a swell of something akin to fondness builds within him as he absorbs this new information and catalogs it beside the rest.
Just… everything.
Cas doesn’t comment as he climbs under the covers beside him, and the next hour is pure torment. At one point, Cas yawns and stretches. With one leg kicked casually out atop the duvet, he rests the arm closest to Dean behind his head. The other hand splays teasingly across his belly, drawing Dean’s attention as his long fingers occasionally rub, scratch, and tease the taut flesh and sparse trail of hair above the elastic of his waistband. It’s borderline pornographic.
The two of them, here and now, skin to precious skin, with the blissful promise of tomorrow lying in wait… for now, this is enough. But the longing remains, stubborn and unyielding, and the very second Castiel thinks Dean is completely lost to the world of dreams—only then does he allow himself to acknowledge them aloud—low and soft, to the damp skin at the hollow of Dean’s throat. That’s where he presses one final kiss, and that’s when he whispers them, safe and secret between himself and the moonlight streaming through the curtains.
“I-I’m on break,” Cas replies, giving a little half-shrug and ducking his head.
“Yeah, I know.”
“Oh, I—”
Castiel wants to
asking, because the longer he’s seeing Cas, talking to him, and the closer they get, the harder it is to bridge this stupid invisible gap between them.
Looking at them now makes him feel
I don’t think you’re a creep. Quite the opposite. I liked sleeping with you.”
“Mmmm?” he mumbles in response.
“Yeah, uh, your old man and Bobby knew each other way back when. After Chuck—er, Charles, whatever—left Eden, he asked him to keep an eye on the place. You know, clean the gutters, maintain the land, tidy up inside from time to time. He paid Bobby and everything. Sammy and I used to go over and help out, and after he left for college, I took over the job. Just checked it out on weekends and stuff, did minor repairs.”
“Is this-this okay?” Dean asks in a broken voice, one hand buried in Castiel’s hair and the other arm wrapped around his shoulders, holding him close.
Anxious, he looks at Dean across the table. He expects a disgruntled scowl to reveal his feelings toward her insinuation, and is shocked to find no hint of that on the man's face. Rather, he’s grinning broadly at Meg, as smug as Castiel has ever seen him. Dean’s eyes seek out Castiel’s and he braces himself, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
“Uh, I think you were having a bad dream, man.”
The bar sits to the right of the entrance, giving Ellen an unobstructed view of the entry, emergency exit, and every table (because wherever drunk people are, there’s always a chance shit might get weird). Harvelle’s Roadhouse isn’t the fanciest place, with rough wood floors, threadbare billiards tables, and fuck all for decor besides some neon beer lights and dartboards. It smells of sawdust, peanut shells, and liquor above the faint hint of Pinesol, the music is never too soft or too loud, and it's right up his alley. It’s comfortable, clean as a small town Roadhouse can be expected to be, and it’s Ellen’s, so Dean loves it like a second home.
Cas grins roguishly against Dean’s lips. “I do.”
“I—” he hesitates. “Goodnight.”
Dean blinks again. Familiar eyes stare back at him. Heart taking up residence in his throat, he bites back a sob. His vision blurs, tunnels a little.
Dean responds magnificently, not putty in his palms as he was earlier but demanding in return, slamming back against Castiel. “Right there
, f-fuck,” Cas stutters, eyes rolling back into his head, and if Dean’s mouth weren’t completely full right now he’d grin because
His face flushes. “What?”
“Good. Put it in, now. Let me hear you.”
“I… um—” is what he manages to stutter.
“Chuck?” he repeats. His throat feels suddenly dry. “Charles. He went by Charles. But yes.”
Dean’s never been into hardcore kinky stuff. Not for lack of curiosity so much as opportunity and long-term partners because let’s face it, there’s a lot of trust involved in opening yourself up to that kind of vulnerability. He hasn’t indulged in most of his wilder fantasies, aside from that drunken night with Rhonda Hurley when he was nineteen (which led to the sizable collection he keeps hidden in the bottom drawer of his dresser that no one knows about and
his bladder is aching for relief.
More than anything, it tastes of
They both lean in simultaneously, fumbling for the cap so maybe they can reattach it, and their heads crash together with a painful thud.
He shoves those thoughts from his mind, swallowing them down as he reaches for his next words.
A curse almost slips free but Dean reigns it in, not wanting to embarrass Cas any more than he already has. Besides, it’s not like Dean’s been getting any. Over the last few years casual, meaningless sex with strangers had gradually lost its appeal and those encounters grew fewer and farther between. He’d almost stopped making the effort to pick people up altogether, only going for it if someone hit on him first and he happened to be in the mood.
He grins. “Heya, Sunshine. You've got awesome timing.”
“Okay.”
Dean stares, stunned. “What?”
It doesn’t.
Encouraged rather than put off by his answering glower, Dean’s expression grows into a full-blown shit-eating grin. A sarcastic retort lays heavy and thick on Castiel’s tongue, but he swallows it down. Sighs, instead, and runs a hand through his thick hair. Dean’s just trying to break the tension. Plus, it’s difficult to be snarky with Dean when he looks so unreasonably delicious, Castiel’s sexual frustration and poor self-esteem aside.
Sure, Cas is a tall, fit guy and it’s a decent area. But… something about him being in the store for hours like that, after dark and all alone, ties Dean’s stomach in knots. Maybe Sam’s true crime obsession is rubbing off on him.
It feels weird when they’re
Only Sam knows because, as much as Castiel loves Jack, the boy cannot keep a secret. Not for lack of trying, it’s simply in his nature to be bluntly honest. Castiel’s lips twitch as he dusts flour across the sanitized countertop and rolling pin, readying them for the dough. He was once that way, too. Still is, sometimes. But he’s changed so much, grown.
to do it. So just lemme take care of you, alright?”
he groans internally.
, he thinks,
And they never talk about it.
He gives in to the feeling and wraps his hand around Cas’. It's broad and warm in his, grounding. Perfect.
Turning to Castiel, Meg shrugs and says, “Me and Dean here, we go way back. We just like to tease each other.” He nods, takes a sip of his beer, and she smiles. This time it’s kind rather than suggestive, which just makes him feel even worse. “I’ll leave you boys to it and check you out at the register when you’re ready.”
Castiel’s arm shoots out. His long fingers wrap around Dean’s wrist, the skin of his palm hot and so soft it gives Dean chills again. “Don't worry. I like it... from you.”
Dean knows he can trust her with this. Just as much as he’d trust Sam, if not more so, because there are some things siblings
This was one of the first rooms they’d cleaned, previously covered in layers of dust, grime, dead bugs and scattered rat droppings. Thankfully, the old musty smell has faded and the scents of freshly-brewed Columbian roast and fried applewood bacon permeate the air instead. Still unnoticed, he observes from the other side of the counter. Dean is as infuriatingly sexy as ever, bending over in jeans that make Castiel bite his lip.
Dean sighs and stares at his boots, leaning his butt back on the table. “I’m afraid your radar is off this time.”
“Been waiting on you. We’ve got a whole box over there, you guys gonna help or what?” After a long minute of Sam staring between the both of them as they fidget and avoid looking at each other, Sam clears his throat obnoxiously. “Am I interrupting something?”
. He can see it in the curve of his shoulders, in the carefree roll of his head and goofy grin now splayed over his lips.
. The fine hairs of his arms bristle under his sleeves.
“‘Cause of your job?”
“Okay, from now on, we get what’s
. It’s the best feeling in the
Rubbing the crust from his eyes, he fumbles for his phone with his unoccupied hand. He squints at it, blinking to clear away the haze from his eyes and groans when he finds it’s only four in the morning.
Dean takes him down to Moseley’s Diner. It’s a cozy little place which bears some of the city’s best burgers courtesy of its owner, a sweet, stout older lady who’s known near every regular patron since they were knee-high, including Dean and his brother. Soon as they walk in, the tinkling bell above the door signaling their entry, Dean spots the woman herself standing behind the counter.
Who would have thought an angel—a wavelength of celestial energy who’s existed longer than many stars scattered throughout the universe surrounding this pale blue dot humankind dubbed
. Anything and everything he’ll give.
With a simple touch and a look, he’s telling Dean that it’s okay, that in this moment at least, he is not alone. As small a gesture as it is, it’s still more than any of the meaningless platitudes he’s come to loathe hearing from others and brings a grateful smile to his lips.
“Wha—Dean?” Cas croaks. His voice is groggy and rough, expression distressed.
When his fingers finally wrap around his straining erection, he imagines that rough voice dipping another octave, rumbling his name, drawing a heady moan from his own lips. He braces the other hand on the shower wall, widens his stance, and lets his head hang between steamed-pink shoulders as he strokes. Long, steady pulls from base to tip and down again.
teasing,
“Here.” Cas holds his head with one hand, bringing a cup to his lips with the other, and tips the soothing water into his mouth. He’s so dehydrated already the urge to guzzle it all is strong, but Cas only allows a few timid sips at a time to prevent him from choking. “You have the flu. I’m gonna run to the pharmacy, and I’ll be back soon. Do you think you’ll be okay until then?”
His voice is rougher and smoother all at once. Dark and full of whiskey-coated gravel, each syllable slurring together but only just enough to hint at inebriation. Dean licks his lips, capturing the lingering sweetness from his last drink, and watches as Cas’ eyes follow his tongue.
“Why not.” He hands her a beer, watching as she cracks it open on the edge of the table.
“I was thinking maybe we could hang out in my room? I mean, since my TV is up here already, and I have Netflix… we can watch a movie or somethin’? If, uh, if that’s something you’d wanna do. You know. With me.”
“I’m not—what—” he sputters, a little indignant. Dean Winchester is not
Her hand grips his shoulder, pulls him into her arms. There aren’t many people Dean lets do this, but Ellen’s the closest thing he’s had to a mom since age four. She smells like coffee, wood chips, and cinnamon, and there’s no arguing with her once she’s made up her mind, so he goes with it, sagging against the older woman and inhaling deeply as she strokes his back in small, soothing circles. Slowly, his tension begins to dissipate.
“You have no idea,” Cas says. He’s still smiling as he stuffs his cheeks full of the burger and groans with pleasure.
“That’s very good to know.”
Dean can hope, right?
When he returns, Dean is, surprisingly, still asleep. Leaning on the doorway, he smiles, sipping his coffee and watching for a moment. His eyes fall to the floor next to his side of the bed where his briefcase sits against the wall, kept there for easy access when he needs to check his email. Something he’s been admittedly lax about for the last several days. He sets the coffee mug on the nightstand and fishes out his laptop, then sits on the bed up against the headboard. Dean flinches from the disturbance and Castiel freezes, but all the man does is grumble and roll onto his back, the pillow still firmly clutched to his chest.
“Hey there, stranger.”
Aaron nods, adding, “I mean, yeah, there’s still a lot who hold on to outdated notions. Mostly the older folks. But it’s not as bad as you think. Plus, Jody wouldn’t put up with any bullshit.”
For a little while, he had Lisa, but they had a complicated relationship from the get-go. Lisa Braeden was perfect; too perfect. Way the fuck out of Dean’s league, and they both knew it. Even on the calmer days when no ripples disturbed the surface, this undercurrent of instability lay waiting beneath. Things they left unsaid day after day until it felt pointless to even try.
“I’m fine, baby. Busy.” She glances between him and Cas. “Don’t be rude now, are you gonna introduce me to your friend?”
Leaving the Impala at Singer’s, the trio pile into Benny’s pickup and less than ten minutes later, they’re claiming a table at their usual haunt, more than ready to shed the exhaustion of the day with some cheap booze and good grub.
“The electricity is getting turned on today. This room is paid for up to the end of the week, but I planned to stay there for a while after if it’s livable. For all I know, there could be asbestos everywhere or a cracked foundation. I didn’t check the plumbing or anything else.”
It’s a fucking sin the way Dean drinks a beer. His tongue flicks out, catching the frothy liquid as it trickles toward the rim. Slowly, tortuously, his perfect lips wrap around it, just at the edge. He tips it back and takes a long, smooth pull. Castiel’s eyes glue to Dean’s throat as he swallows it down, then drift back up to see Dean lick the traces of foam from his plush bottom lip. The bottle remains in his hand, balanced on Dean’s stomach just above the edge of his belt.
Of the three Shurley brothers, Michael has always been the smoothest; charismatic, handsome, aloof, arrogant, and perpetually dressed to the nines, he never once failed to get any woman who caught his eye. Gabriel, on the other hand… his unique brand of charm lies in humor, wit, and though he initially comes across as little more than a “sleazy sugar-addicted porn director” (as Balthazar had once aptly put it), the moment anyone sees the heart of gold beneath that snarky, overconfident veneer, they’re done for.
Cas smiles wearily. “Your concern is duly noted, and appreciated, but unnecessary. I can take care of myself. Besides, I thought you two were ‘old friends’.”
“Touch me?”
“D-don’t gotta… I ain’t fragile, Cas,” Dean insists. Cas nips the soft flesh of his inner thigh, which earns him a yelp. Chuckling at that, he glances up to find Dean scowling at him between his legs. “You fucker.”
Then a few more days pass—still no Cas. A sense of foreboding builds in his gut.
Dean’s not sure if he should be relieved or ashamed. In truth, he’s a little of both. But he needs Sam to give this a chance; not just Cas, either, but the whole plan. Because regardless of whatever happens with Cas, if he stays or goes, the house is on the line and with that comes a whole chunk of dreams Dean’s forged since he was young. Not only for his sake, but for Sam’s, too.
,” Dean begs, “fuck,
Though last night wasn’t really a date, it kinda felt like it at the time, and it’d been going so well that he thought, or at least hoped, Cas felt the same way. The whole thing was straight out of one of those romantic comedies he denies watching. Maybe he read the guy wrong, though. Wouldn’t be the first time and probably won’t be the last.
,” he says weakly. “It’s-it’s so big.”
Castiel holds his hand out over the table. Dean cheerfully accepts it, clasping his second hand over their linked ones and fuck, a simple handshake shouldn’t give him such a thrill but it does. The smile Dean offers him is exhilarating, his voice laced with promises Castiel can’t begin to analyze as his focus narrows down to the sensation of Dean's strong, capable fingers against his.
daughter
“If he begins to show signs of confusion, difficulty breathing or shortness of breath, pain or pressure in his chest or stomach, or vomiting, I’d recommend taking him to the Emergency Room. But the best, and safest, option for him currently is bed rest and hydration.”
From that point, he tunes out whatever else is being said on the other end of the phone. Michael’s condescending invalidation and emotional manipulation has crossed more lines than Castiel can count and he is
“So the quarter is just insurance that we bring the cart back after borrowing it?” Jack says.
In the end Castiel ends up breaking the second lease.
“Well…” Jack fidgets. “And cereal doesn’t taste the same when you’re god.”
Sam turns to Dean, picture perfect body language of an attentive brother, met of course by the stiff picture perfect body language of his avoidant brother, “You could try talking to him about it. Or better yet Jack.”
“I know Sam already mentioned it, but your and Jack’s rooms are still all set up.” Dean says. “If…”
“Yeah? Next time maybe try an ‘I’m back from the dead for the eighth time’ text! Or- ”
(See the end of the chapter for
It had started like this. There was a werewolf case out of backwater Mississippi. Predictable M.O. Seasonally inappropriate wildlife attacks that local sheriffs were writing off as rabies, or overly socialized bears, or whatever hand-waved explanation best fit three severed arms, a handful of fingers, and a man's foot showing up littered across lakeside hiking trails. Eileen had tracked them to a rental cabin just on the outskirts of the town’s campsite, only to discover two young girls, one barely out of her teens and the other barely into them. Both of them underfed, twin looks of desperation in the set of their shoulders. They didn’t want to kill, they didn’t want to hunt, the oldest had known what Eileen was and begged that if she was going to kill them to at least spare the younger girl.
“Uhhh, hello? Anyone there?”
Sam breaks finally, surges forward with a brief pat on the curve of Jacks elbow. An apology, as he brushes into the room, pulling Castiel into one more I-don’t-know-how-you’re-alive embrace. Dean still doesn’t move. He stands there vacant, an unsteady rise and fall of his chest the only reassurance that he hasn’t managed to die, eyes open and on his feet.
Once he’s up, usually after Eileen and Jack have picked through the kitchen and wandered off elsewhere in the bunker, he bypasses the pre-brewed medium dark roast that’s left warming on a back burner. Instead he pulls out the cheap no-name brand instant coffee, and the fancy flaked hot chocolate that he keeps stocked up from the farmers market. They get mixed into his mug, a two-to-one ratio swirled into just about boiled water. Dean thinks it’s disgusting; Sam has tried to entice Castiel with a fancy espresso machine, a french press, and coffee beans more geographically diverse than the entire population of Lebanon. But he prefers the granulated texture of the instant coffee, the sensation of it rubbing up between teeth and tongue.
Sam and Dean keep visiting for dinners, Eileen joining them each time as well. There’s an uncertainty for Castiel, with words left unsaid and words that can’t be taken back, but each dinner their time signature falls more and more in line. Lingering silences, replaced by cautious laughter, replaced by enthusiastic crosstalk. DVD’s from the bunker begin to litter their living room, and one night Sam shows up with a carefully annotated set of binders filled with abbreviated course curriculums from third grade through ninth grade for science, math, social studies, and english. Apparently Castiel’s pedagogical approach of recounting, in somewhat cloudy detail, specific events from the early 1900’s, mid 1600’s and 500 BCE, wasn’t going to cut it for Jack’s education. Castiel and Eileen’s friendship is still new, but she manages to drive the final nail into the coffin.
“We don’t know.” Castiel says.
The hiss of the doors give way to the cloying scent of just ripened produce, and the tinny mumble of a local soft rock station. Sam begins to break right, stopping as everyone trails behind him. “Oh hold on, actually I was thinking we should split up.”
“I’m glad to be back. I...” Castiel hesitates. They’re not really alone. Not truly. He can hear the lull of Sam’s phone call just around the corner, knows that every second word from him and Dean is drifting into the other room, filling out a half formed conversation.
10:43am
The drive continues in silence. Tension spills out in bits, a pinhole leak as they rip through a countryside splattered with coughed up swaths of canola and wheat grass. Jack leans into the warmed wrinkled front door, creased plastic leaving vein-like impressions in the flesh of his forearm.
“Did you?” Castiel rounds the table, pulls a chair out opposite and sits. “What’s on your mind?”
“Well, he’s not going to high school.” Castiel says.
The smooth-shod rumble of pavement gives way to gravel as the Impala nears the bunker. Dean eases his foot from the gas, lets the clack of pebbles grind softer and slower until they’re sat in the middle of the road, car idling into white noise.
“We don’t know.” Jack says.
“So you’re not hunting.” Castiel says.
“Nah. Nevermind.”
“I slept.”
“Yeah.”
Castiel processes this. “You… got rid of it.”
“We’re going to get in trouble!”
“What about you? Can I just ignore you into shutting up?” Dean fiddles with the tape deck, cranks the volume up so the strum of Robert Johnson fills the car, overpowering even the rough growl revs of the Impala.
“What do you mean? Dean?”
There’s a soft tap from the open door frame. “Um…Hello?” The ubereats driver nearly folds under the weight as everyone turns to stare at him. “Delivery for Jack Kline?”
“No Jack we don’t. Some of us aren’t all knowing gods!” Dean says.
. We didn’t pay for that, Jack!” Sam says. Jack brings his hand up to his face and starts to open his mouth. “No, wait. Don’t spit it out!”
“You’re really worried about this, huh?” Dean says.
The collage of prairie sandreed, button snake-root, and bull thistle tower in the boxes. Dots of aster and bladderpod at their base rounding out the mishmash of plants. Sam begs Castiel to plant some leek, or carrots. Even just a patch of thyme. But Castiel insists on the mix of grass and flowers native to the area. Insists that the fledgling garden on previously lifeless land doesn’t have to have use beyond a stopping point for bees, and butterflies, and aphids. The delicate hours that Castiel spends tending to the plants is not for anyone, it’s not to prove anything, it’s an extension of himself that he begins to settle into like a first attempt at a deserved human selfishness.
The hard plastic of the basket bites into Castiel’s hand, he stares at the soft fade of Dean’s neck, into nape, into hair, framed by basmati and arborio. It’s their first time alone since he’s been back. Since the dungeon. And it’s under the cold harsh light of grocery store fluorescence, but neither of them is saying anything about it. Dean hasn’t said anything about it.
A series of notebooks are sprawled in front of Jack, cramped, looped handwriting running off the page. John Winchester’s notebook is immediately recognizable, a spiral bound, leather insulated relic of age-stained paper. It’s nudged up against a small journal Sam had begun to keep post-leviathans, and stacks of motel letterheads that Dean had been informally collecting for nearly 30 years. Little sketches cramped in the margins. There’s other hunters’ notes as well, yellow legal pads and hastily filled-out post it notes. Years of information that Sam has been trying to compile into a database for Bobby and Eilleen. Every last scrap of half-remembered lore from anyone who’d thought to leave it lying around the bunker.
“You can be, though, you…” Dean’s nails bite into upholstery, “You should be. I know I told you that when I found out about Chuck it felt like I’d never really been free. And that was all I wanted. But with all of this… all your magical destiny crap you never even got to pretend you were free. Your life has been nothing but people expecting shit from you since you were born.”
Castiel pivots, lets the mirror slip into his peripheral vision. The wrinkles will spread in time, but not in the next few minutes. “How old do you think he is?”
Castiel’s resolve to avoid the Winchesters breaks down right after his truck. The Ford had been old before, but now it’s decrepit. It wheezes a trail of something everywhere him and Jack go, dark splotches staining pavement. Just like last time he searches how to fix it, but the manuals online show the broken down anatomy of a machine that is more valves and tubes than Castiel’s twelve years on earth have prepared him for. Once, he might have had a quiet sense of awe at how the human capacity for creation inched closer to the same complexity that god had once breathed into them. Now he’s mostly just frustrated.
“I’m proud of you Jack.” Castiel smiles, he steps towards his son. “I’m so proud of you.”
Castiel feels the dam gathering water, watches as Jack shuffles in his sleep, curls into the arm of the couch, leaning just slightly up against Dean. “
Three weeks later Charlie stumbled across a group of three Rugarus who had bastardized some spells from a coven of local witches so that they could survive off of raw pork. They spent most of their time frequenting local butchers, buying them out of all their scraps and bad cuts of meat. And then a series of vamp nests in Austin, and Dallas that were living off of hospital blood sent out as biohazardous waste. And then a couple of Sirens keeping their heads down in Idaho. Skinwalkers living like the Fitzgerald’s in Kentucky, ghouls keeping only to graveyards across the whole west coast, a den of vegetarian vetala bordering Montana and Alberta. And so on. Something had changed. Most hunters knew by then that the Winchesters boy had stepped into the recently vacated position of Almighty, and assumed that his promises of being ‘hands-off’ hadn’t lasted. And hunters don’t sit around waiting for the matching thud of a pair of shoes.
Very funny that I said this would come out one week after the first chapter. Writing hard guys. When will the next chapter come out? Great question. Bully me on the internet about it.
"I know Jack said he had no idea what happened with… any of it. And we haven’t heard about masses of people rising from the grave, so it’s not like everyone came back. But now with Cas, and Rowena... I guess I’m just wondering if…”
“Hey! Don’t,
“This isn’t a speak-when-spoken-to thing kid, I… if you have something you want to say you can just. Say it.” He tries to temper the harsh roll of his tone into something softer, more open. He doesn’t have to be John.
Dean is in trouble.
"Dean, stay close got that?" It was a few weeks since John let Dean out the house since on his eighteenth birthday he presented as an omega, but he was still classed as a pup. He had spent the heat in his dog form just like he was told. "Yeah, Dad. Where we going tho?" Dean followed his Dad out the house. "You need to go the doctors, and every male omega goes after there first heat." Dean just hummed.
Dean didn’t realise he was tearing up until it was too late. “I-i wanna s-save you a-as well.” He stuttered just before he let the dam break, hiding his face in the alphas shoulder as he cried.
Connor: 2 years old
Jensen and Misha go hunting but it's not as easy as they thought.
"To who?" Castiel placed the blade lightly under the guys chin. "A man called Azazel, he been taking the money." Castiel recognised the name, but he still wasn't done. "You said half the money, where's the other half?"
"What the fuck?!" Dean turned the music off, as they all stared at him "oh hey brother!" Wait why was his younger brother dancing on his bed naked? "Sammy what the actual fuck are you doing naked? On MY bed?" Sam shrugged as he jumped off the bed. "who is that?" Dean stared at the dirty golden blond haired boy sucking a lollipop "I'm Gabriel but you may call me Gabe!" he hugs Dean as he pushes him away "Ok, you can hug when you have clothes on!" they laugh at him as Dean sat on his bed, they all had put their clothes on again so no more seeing his brothers dick flapping about.
Dean pushed past Benny to get changed, Benny was gone when he finished getting dressed but he left a note on Deans bed 'Be naughty Dean-o!' Dean looked at his wardrobe, a little thing about Dean Winchester he loves to wear panties, Dean took off his boxers to replace the with red silk panties putting his jeans back on, he walked out the dorm-room to his class.
“M-more, please,” Dean whined rocking back on the fingers in his ass, and Cas added a third quickly after he asked.
Dean was being one stubborn little baby, they had tried three different things to get him to sleep, none of them were working until Cas just sat quietly on the bed rocking him, and whispering to him.
buuut looks like this story is clearly not wanting to work with my ideas so here ya go.
Cas and Dean spend some time talking!
"So, lets see how well you can do this." Dean was trailing behind Sam the next morning while Castiel followed behind, who grunted at both boys. Dean got himself on Chevy swiftly, as well as being shocked at the type of horse Castiel had. "How the in the hell did you break one of those?" Dean watched Castiel mount the horse gracefully.
Short but sweet right?
It only took several more years for Dean to officially move into Castiel's home, the only trouble Dean had was his ass of an alpha roommate who didn’t agree with Deans choices in men. All Dean did was to kick him where the sun doesn’t shine and run with the very few things he had.
"Hey, don't look at us! He's asking you." Dean laughed out, but got another jab from Cas. "I basically mean you'd like it up the ass." That made Dean laugh harder. "Oh, wait why me!?" Jensen glared at Misha who shrugged.
Zeppelin (Zep): 2 years old
Once Shay was clothed he answered every single question Sam had, until Dean had to tell Sam to leave him alone and give him a break. Shay was mostly interested in Castiel and Dean.
Castiel and Gabriel both went out to buy more food and drinks for the boys, they also wanted to give them more space than they needed.
There are humans but i don't really know what to do with them yet. As well as I had to figure out how Dean and Cas are going to have sex, as they are mermen! (I'm basing them off dolphins!)
Dean and Jensen are twins, identical twins, you can't tell one from the other. Well you could if you paid close attention, Dean is more open by the way he talks, Jensen is more reserved when it comes to talking. Dean has slightly lighter green eyes then Jensen. But the one thing Jensen and Dean have in common is protecting their little brother Sammy. If anyone dared to lay a finger on Sam it was either Dean or Jensen (or both) that would end up starting something.
Cas was laying on his bed, his breathing slowing down, nobody had visited his room since.
Castiel had seen the old man Crowley snooping around the place, he was looking for more men to accept his deal, Castiel had accepted the deal but once Crowley mentioned Castiels name other men turned their noses away. When Castiels back was turned for more then ten minutes getting another glass Crowley had strutted back to the seat next to him.
“Come on Sir, I need something to do while I’m stuck here, and you said!” Dean whined as you watched their conversation, Dean was really hiding the guys name quite good you thought but you were brought out of your thoughts when Blue eyes dropped his blade on the floor ordering Dean off to do something, what you had know idea. You lie on the table feeling awkward as the older man cleaned up, which you found odd but the sound of the basement door opening and closing again got your attention. Dean walked in coming straight to you placing something around your neck and clipping something else onto it, you frowned at him but you looked at saw a lead in his hand, while he unstrapped both your arms first, letting you sit up, surprising you with how gentle he was before he placed two cuffs around your wrists attaching a chain to both, keeping your hands almost tied in front of you, while he undoes the strapped around your legs.
Pulling up at the house Cas pulled up behind, walking towards the house Cas was dressed casually like Dean told him to be.
The only person he wanted to see for the last time was his best friend, who he had loved for a long time.
"What part of stay quiet, didn't you understand?" Cas lifted Dean up to sit back in his chair with Dean back in his lap, as well as the small little whimpers and small noises coming from his boy. "S-Sorry, Daddy..."
They both fell asleep, With Dean holding onto Cas tightly.
5th Month:
"I think he needs blood, as in drink the blood." Crowley had strolled towards the four just when Matthew growled at the demon.
"Alright, my house at eight Jensen, you better be there also where something the girls would find hot!" Chris slapped Jensen on the back before walking off in the direction of his house. Jensen walked to the bunker, how was he going to explain to his dad and Cas. Reaching the heavy door, opening slowly hearing laughter and voices, Jensen tried to sneak off to his room but failed miserably.
"Second rule; you got to have our permission to do something, we don't want our little boy going off."
The rest of the boys in the family had grown up as strong alphas which had grown to respect Omegas as higher than them, which everyone else who was stuck living the old ways looked at the family strangely.
Connor Winchester, the son of Dean Winchester.
"B-Bite me, bitch." Arrow gritted his teeth as the blade dragged over his skin. "Tell me. Now!" Scarlet applied more pressure breaking the skin as blood trickled out, Arrows eyes teared up at the pain but kept his mouth shut, all while twisting his arm trying to loosen the rope around his hand.
"Take him with us, he is yours!"
Castiel is confused in what he's doing.
"Oh, he wont hurt anyone, he'll just sit there." Sam gave the blonde his own puppy eyes, it worked. Dean was allowed in, shaking his coat as he stepped in. Walking through the house where two other girls sat on a couch.
"It's fine Dean! You're the bisexual porn star!" Rolling his eyes as Dean got in his car starting her up, waving at the girl in her bright pink car, which made Dean throw up slightly.
The quite gasp left Castiels mouth as he saw the red marks, some looked like hand prints others had turned into bruises. Dean hissed when Castiel ran a hand over the sensitive area. "C-Cas, what are you doing?" Dean whispered as he felt Cas' lips trail from the top of his spine to the bottom, well to the waistline of his pj bottoms. "Showing how perfect you are with them."
The whimper that came from the girl was music to Castiel’s ears, but he wasn’t to do anything with her until he left to fetched Dean, as the boy was grateful enough to give him this information he might as well join in.
"A guy called Smithson, he rides around doing contacts n shit hasn't paid Crowley for over a year." Castiel gave all the information he hoped the brothers would need. It was since they had shut up.
"Well, patience is needed and respect is a high need. Which is something both you boys lack with." Castiel stated kicking his horse forward to walk, being growled at by Dean and Sam while they trotted past him.
So Chase ended up being stuck healing for two weeks, only "fun" he got was hanging around his car.
"Dean, you are not going with him!" John snapped reaching Dean putting himself between Dean and the Alpha, Castiel.
Dean just looked shocked at the way the blonde girl grabbed Cas like that. "Oh come on in, you want to ask questions about out missing friend?" Sam nodded stepping through the door but the blonde stopped him from bringing Dean inside "my friend is kinda scared of dogs, so you don't mind if he stays outside?" The girl looked at Sam then to Dean, still holding Cas.
night which was good, but worrying. "Hey, Dean you going to your class today or think about life?" Dean groaned as he swings his legs out of bed, walking to the small bathroom to brush his teeth, Dean fought against himself for a while, deciding to have a shower or not "Dean! Come on!" Dean threw on his clothes not bothering to do his hair, storming out the dorm room, to his class.
But a flash of blue light shone out from Castiel, as a flash of green light shone from Dean and a flash of red light came from Sam.
Okay, I have rough sex and wall sex planed for next time so keep reading!
name came up every time, you want to let your anger out Dean, you wanted this.” Castiel's blue eyes, locked onto Deans green eyes which they were filled with unshed tears. “I-I’ll do it… I’ll make h-him p-p-pay.” Dean manages out turning his attention to the man on the table, whose eyes had just opened looking directly at him.
Dean walked up to the big window but he didn't look out for long since every time he would feel a little nervous, Dean didn't like heights that much, so walking away from the window he decided to sit in the chair. The chair he wasn't really allowed to be sat on. Dean propped his feet on the desk so he could spread his legs open.
"Probably, but what are we gonna do with him if his mom is dead?"
Dean didn't mean to start crying in front of the older man. "I'm sorry, Si - er - Daddy?" Dean wasn't used to calling another person daddy, but the word seems to please his teacher, making Dean feel fuzzy. "You're going to have to get used to that, but for now put these on pretty boy." Dean blushes at the words leaving his Daddy's mouth. "But Daddy, these are for girls right?" Dean lifted up a pair of pink lace panties from the clothes in his hands.
Jensen drove him and Misha without any protest from Dean, driving to the farm house again where they both successfully failed at taking out the hybrid creatures. Jensen parked up just out of sight of the house, as the Impala pulled up behind. Jensen was stuck with Dean while Sam took off with Misha, who was very excited about that. "So we gonna cut some heads off?" Jensen trailed behind Dean who was being
Another long one. Sorry.
"Kinky son of a bitch.." Dean chuckled "can I pick him or not? You said I could pick.."
It was two weeks Dean held off from jerking off, him and Sam working a case it was distracting Dean from the fact, Cas was an Alpha, possibly His Alpha. Dean growled at his open laptop, Sam looked up at his brother "whats up with you now?" Sam crossed his arms.
It was around five/six hours when Dean was allowed to go home all drugged up. Using the help of his father to walk out the damn doctors before passing out on the way home.
"y/n, I love you..."
Connor took the first chance he got running out the house, not knowing where he was heading before he had to stop to catch his breath, looking around where he was trying to figure out where he could stop and get help. There was a motel which was surprisingly convenient for Connor, trying his best to wipe the blood off his face and walk like he wasn't in any pain. Connor heard some very familiar voices coming from his left, as well as a new one.
Dean dropped his phone on the bed while rubbing his face, damn.
Every time Dean saw or heard that voice he couldn't get it out, but Dean enjoyed Mr Novak's company. Dean even told Charlie about Mr Novak, but Charlie had said something that may or may not put Dean in some sort of panic.
Hours later Castiel woke up on the floor feeling different for the third time.
They stayed in that position until Jensen started getting uncomfortable then they switch round, Dean whined when he was empty, but he soon stopped when they filled him again. "You weren't kidding when you said you wanted to be our bitch, were you." Dean shook his head around Jensens dick that was now in his mouth.
It was 10:30 in the morning when Dean walked into the house, him and Cas would have the whole third floor to themselves to work on.
Looking directly at the killer. “You’re gonna pay, and we’re gonna enjoy every moment of it,” Dean took a pause as he watched Castiel stand behind the man with a murderous look in his eyes as he opened his mouth to finish what Dean was going to say, “you are just gonna sit there while we make you scream.” Castiel looked over at Dean who nodded his head to allow the gag to be removed.
"Dean... S-say you love m-me too... please..." Cas whispers the beeping had slowed down, Dean held his hand tighter.
“So, how long does this take?” Dean questioned resting his head on Cas’s chest who looked kinda pale all of a sudden. “What? What is it?” Dean looked at his alpha worried.
"Ok, nap my lil fallen angel.."
"I love you with or without scars Dean," Dean fell into Castiel's arms as he let his tear fall free. "It's OK Dean, I'm here for you."
“It’s hard Cas, get it.” Dean looked up at Castiel since he was on his back feet up on the armrest head in Cas’s lap.
Castiel looked at the sleeping Dean who seemed peaceful as he slept, he didn’t notice how long he had been staring at the omega until Dean woke with a jump of his own. “Dude, don’t do that, that’s creepy!” Dean blinked several times before he sat up and did a stretch a cat would do.
They had walked up two sets of stairs to Deans bosses office, he was on the phone as they walked in the room.
Also thanks for reading this, didn't think it do well but it surprised me.
comments pwease? I'm honestly not feeling up to writing at the moment so I'm sorry. But I made what ever this is!
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sam you sure you're feeling well? You look like you might pass out," Dean was right in front of Sam, feeling his forehead making Sam whimper. "D-Dean, it hurts..." Sam whispered out so quiet that he was afraid Dean hadn't heard. "What hurts Sammy? Tell me or show me," Dean stepped back only to have Jensen next to him. Sam once again took his clothes off, slowly in front of the twins.
“Cas!” Was the only word he heard, and the look on the Winchesters face before his eyes shut with the world going dark.
Moving to sit up Connor instantly moved into Deans lap but Dean faced him so his back was against Deans' chest. "Wha-What we doin'?" Connor asked before Deans hands dived into his boxers, hips bucking up into the hand "Fu- Deean!" Connors' head fell back onto Deans shoulder.
"It's ok Sam, I'll be spending time with Dean today, so I hope you two will behave while we're out?" Castiel made two cups of coffee while Gabriel and Sam shuffled awkwardly around the kitchen. "Sure, I and Gabe can be good, right?" Sam looked towards Gabriel who was looking through the kitchen cupboards. "Oh yes, Gabriel and Sam can behave for brother Cassie."
"Goodnight Dean." Castiel pulled Dean impossibly closer, allowing himself to fall asleep with his knot deep inside his Omega.
"That's ok," Dean let out a shaky breath as he felt like he was going to throw up any second "You're the second person to know, but I don't know why.." Castiel had given Dean a soft look "well, I'm glad you did. If anything is bothering you don't be scared to find me ok?" Dean nods after saying a small thank you.
"Falling in love is hitting a stable rock. No matter what happens, you know your partner is going to be right where you left, like a solid rock. Its having the mental comfort and emotional security. It makes you fall in love with yourself, because the person you love sees something worth loving in you. That's what I think." Dean was surprised by his own answer, when really he looked it up before when he was a kid. "aww, That's so sweet!" The sun had set so Charlie and the other girl went back, so did Dean.
Returning back to his boy Castiel lying beside him, watching Dean trying to obey the order "come here, Dean." Castiel took pity on him, allowing him to sit on his chest. "hm, what do you want Dean?" Castiel asked hands roaming Deans petite body. "I want you, Daddy." Castiel chuckled. "And what do you want Daddy to do?" Dean was shaking onto of Castiel. "I-I want... I want you inside me, please?"
"Want me to fuck you or not? because I wont if you make that noise," Dean made himself shut up, watching Cas strip from his clothes, revealing his Alpha cock. Dean drooled at the sight.
"Jen? What are you doing up?" Deans was standing in the doorway for the kitchen looking at a very naked Jensen. "I wan drink." Jensen lifted up the glass in his hand to prove the point. "Why are you naked? You and Misha...?" Dean made a small gesture with his hand before they went down to his sides again. "No, god no!" Jensen stuttered out quickly almost dropping his glass that was filled with water.
Cas rubbed his finger over the sensitive bud that made Dean shiver "God CAs, so goood!" Dean actually never got to touch his pussy properly, just light touches here and there. But what Cas was doing was making Dean more excited, well that was until he felt a warm wet thing go over his pussy.
"Yes, Daddy." Dean slowly got himself up, going out the room. Walking towards the bathroom he figured he was allowed to use, the shower was simple enough standing under the gentle spray of the water, he just sat watching the blood of someone else rinse away.
Dean Winchester would be Castiel next target for sure.
“Do it, this isn’t how we should end, ever.”
He was flipped onto his back laid out on the couch spread open. He would have screamed when he was speared by the killer's cock, he gripped onto the arms of the man above him, looking up into blue eyes that went darker a smirk showing on his face.
Arriving at the street where his new apartment was on, the building looked nice on the outside but as soon as Castiel walked into the door the inside was even better!
"Jen, you sure you're okay?"
Shay didn't know what to do other then put Castiels dick, that was right next to his head inside his mouth. "Shay?" Castiel was confused but allowed Shay to do what he wanted. "Damn, you angels are hot." Dean chuckled as he watched Shay and Cas while using his spit to help his fingers slide into Shay who groaned in discomfort.
Sams noises were getting louder with every thrust of Lucifer so Gabriel forced him to shut up by shoving his cock inside the tiny mouth. The noises were muffled slightly which pleased both men Lucifers attention was swaying between Sam and Gabriel to Castiel and Dean. Dean was panting with his head lolled back on Castiel's shoulder while Castiel had his way with the boy's body.
I Honestly didn't think this be that 'popular' but I'm glad its doing this good!
Cas just stayed where he was, until he heard the squeal and other noises he still didn't think Dean would ever make, but then again Dean could almost surprise Cas in every way possible. "Daddy!" Cas groaned as he got up from his couch, turning off the TV to join Dean upstairs to see the mess his little one had made.
Once Castiel dragged Dean all the way to his bedroom before he slumped against the door with a deep sigh. As Dean sat on the bed with his hands in his lap looking down. "D-Did I do good?" Dean whispered as Castiel rushed over gathering Dean in his arms kissing him lightly making him giggle.
" Dean growled kicking Castiel away from him.
" Dean whispered into Cas' ear so Arrow couldn't hear what he said, going back to nipping at his neck.
"What we're the ages of them?" Sam was taken back by the question like he hadn't even looked at the ages. "What were the ages of them four?"
"Fine lets find a demon and take its blood then." Dean instantly made a plan in his mind without telling anyone he got into his car, being followed by a confused brother and two confused angels, a King of Hell, Satan, the King of Hells mother, and the arch angel Gabriel.
Castiel sniffed around the back of Dean,
Lucifer
Dean wasn't looking forward to this day at all, sitting in the waiting room in the Omega part glaring at his father in the Alpha part who wasn't making eye contact so Dean looked around at the other Alphas, until one caught his eye. Dean tried to make it like he wasn't staring at the Alpha who was sitting up in his chair looking straight.
Strolling on the path the leaves from the trees had fallen, Dean kicking them up as he walked. One good thing about Dean being alone in the forest he gets to let his tail and black wings free, with an odd feeling he's being followed.
As well as going shopping while Dean was having a nap in their room.
Dean spent the entire day writing in his notebook, Cas was walking around the house doing jobs that he had to finish, Dean would stop writing for a few hours to help Cas. "Hey Daddy," right now they both were standing in the kitchen preparing dinner. "Yes baby boy?" Cas didn't even think twice about Dean already calling him Daddy, it brought a small smile on Deans face whenever he said the word.
Dean was waiting on the stairs for his father to get home, his mother was sitting with him on the second step brushing her fingers through his hair to comfort him. Dean had told his mother that he didn't love girls the way he loved guys, she accepted Dean, Sam was confused at first but he just hugged Dean, telling him he was still his brother.
Castiel spread Dean cheeks apart having a look at the damage he'd done. "Ooh the redness has gone down, think you can try those panties on now?" Castiel let his finger gently go over the little-puckered hole smiling at the reaction, Dean jumping in his lap as a squeal was let out from the damn kid. "Erm Daddy? Can I put my panties on now?" Castiel let go for Deans ass letting him up watching Dean awkwardly walk over to the panties that were on the floor.
"This won't end well, I doubt anyone has touched them Dean." Shay glanced back to his wings, that were a dark red but towards the bottom of the feathers were black. "Whatcha gona do?" Shay tilted his head as Dean walked behind his back.
Dean had drove twenty minutes to his college, Cas was following behind him in his car. This year Dean wasn't staying at the college he would drive back to his house, well Cas' house.
Dean is breaking because the only alpha his Omega mind is going for is drifting further away from him.
Dean ended up just lay there looking at the wall, he still couldn't get the screams from his mind, he had one idea but he didn't know if he would get in trouble. But it would be worth risking it.
"Can we make a good memory in this room?" Dean sat on the bed watching the Alpha. "Dean, not here. Come with me, now." Castiels eyes had gotten darker as he turned and walked out the door, Dean followed quickly as Castiel open the master bedroom.
"No, don't you dare." Dean spat out but that clearly didn't stop the tip of the knife slowly cut into the bone of his left wing, making Dean cry out at the pain.
Arrow wondered how long it took before he would hear the rumble of the Impala, just as he reached the street corner where he was meeting up with Jay. "Hey, pipsqueak." Jay chuckled jabbing Arrow playfully, "Hey Jay, you got what I want you to do right?" Arrow bit his lip touching Jay's arm, "Hell yeah." Jay pushed him against the nearest wall covering his mouth with Arrows. Arrow gasped at the roughness of it, moaning into Jay's mouth putting his hand through his hair.
in front of this random alpha.
"Yes please, I wanna nap!" Dean yawned.
(Vampires and Werewolves.)
Castiel made the decision to take him home with him, it was probably a bad idea but he didn’t care.
They all seemed to calm after Dean had a rant and Jesse wasn't allowed to leave because Dean said so for some strange reason.
Castiel is Border Collie Pup. Dean is a Brown German Shepherd Pup.
“Um.” Jack says, the normal ease he feels being the centre of parental attention undercut by something that feels like the sickly film in his mouth, that builds up when he forgets that he has to brush his teeth now. “Yeah, ok.”
“Dean…”
ALSO Thank you SO MUCH to
The flaked door jamb frames Sam and Dean, a splash of puce coloured apartment hallway backgrounding them, their set brows falling quickly into matching looks of confusion.
Castiel knows he’s being selfish. “Soon.”
Castiel pulls his eyelids taut, stares into the whites of his own eyes. He thinks about decomposition, and he thinks about age. “What about Jack.”
The wheat stalks rustle. “Where are we?”
“I mean kind of. It was Rowena.”
“I’m not mad at you.” Jack says. “I…” He trails off. He’s watching the vanishing point of the horizon, focused on the spot where a spray of clouds lap at the fringe of fields in the distance. Flipping through something in his head, a rolodex that got overfilled and written all over when he was god, trying to catch the right thought.
She pulls at Jack’s hand, placing the berry right in the centre of his palm. He rolls it back and forth for a second, and then pops it into his mouth with a considered chew.
“No, Dean, it’s not a trick question.” Castiel stares at the mirror. At the lines on his face that he once thought of as Jimmy Novak’s, as a pre-sale condition of his vessel. The age that he’s since been grandfathered into. “As a human, how old do you think I am?”
Eileen had made a call and within a week the two of them were settled in with a cousin of Bess’s in Indiana.
The door is shaking in its frame. Little tremors of dowels and wood glue coming loose under the force of someone knocking. It’s only been a month back in the world, but already Jack is unlearning the reflexive clench of adrenaline that came from living in the bunker, these days he associates someone at the door more with chickpea masala deliveries than monsters and bloodshed. He swings the door open without a second of hesitation, ready to call for Castiel to bring his wallet.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Heya.” Dean gives a short wave. “Sam, this is Cas. Cas, my brother Sam.”
He sighs, listlessly scooting eggs around the plate with his fork. “I couldn’t afford a place near my office. Could barely afford anything, if I’m being honest. I kept couch-hopping with friends for a while, stayed in a few shelters. Eventually saved enough to get my 'shithole' apartment, as Gabriel calls it, in Mattapan and started getting up at dawn to take the red line to Downtown Crossing every morning. Needless to say, it was a difficult adjustment.”
“Having trouble sleeping?” Castiel says.
“We had a run in at a Vamp nest in Canton, Ohio. Fucked up my back a little.” Dean says.
“Yes.”
“Are you still hunting?” Castiel asks.
Attention drawn back into the room and away from Dean, Castiel looks to Sam, “Were?”
Jack still eats like it’s his first time coming back to life. Or his second. Quantity wise it’s a little excessive, like a teen going through his first three growth spurts all at once, but mostly he wants to try a bit of everything. Scrolling through takeout menus always veers towards a disagreement, as Castiel tries to reason that they won’t be able to finish nineteen different rolls of sushi before they go bad, and Jack taps away at the add to order button anyway. It’s hard to fight it any more than that. Sometimes it still seems like Jack subconsciously lives on a countdown clock, waiting for one last apocalypse to swallow him.
Jack considers the words. Biologically he’s the son of Kelly, an ex-president, and the original promise of Evil. So genomic imprinting can’t explain why the fold between his eyes and the fall of his jaw so closely resembles the same searching, focused yet vacant look from Castiel.
for telling me how commas work.
“We’re out front.”
In a year of curveballs, getting re-obsessed with Supernatural has somehow come out on top as the most inexplicable part of 2020 for me. I have no idea what I'm doing here (though I DID binge Seasons 12-15 in a month because if I'm bastardizing characters for my own purpose I want to know how far off base I'm going). I know this first chapter is a little short but I just wanted to get something out here so I could force myself into a publishing schedule. I'll aim to have the next chapter out by the end of next week maybe?
Dean rolls his shoulders, ignoring the pinprick of strained, tight, pierced, muscle that still twinges when he thinks about it too long, “Alright. I guess I’m not hunting.”
Dean beats him to the punch of course.
Sam pulls back, finally drawing Castiel’s eyes away from Dean, “Did… Did Jack bring you back? What are you guys doing here?” Sam says.
“So what, you’ve just been playing house here this whole time?”
“Uh, is this a trick question? Millions of years?”
Two days ago Castiel had returned from ‘grocery shopping’ at a nearby Gas n Sip with nothing but beef jerky, a bear shaped bottle of honey, a 2 litre of coke, and a bunch of bananas that were so dark they might as well have been half composted. He had eaten two. Which according to Sam meant it was finally time that everyone in the bunker learned what the inside of a proper grocery store looked like, despite Dean’s protests that Sam didn’t even really cook. Eileen got lumped in when she tried to argue that
“You and Cas can manage that.” Sam says, jogging away from Castiel and Dean, and towards impending disaster as Jack reaches for a fruit at the bottom of the pile. “And stick to the list Dean!”
“I know you and Cas were mostly eating takeout and frozen food, but there’s a lot of vitamins that you’re not getting if you don’t eat enough vegetables. So I thought we could pick some stuff out together.”  The mister is running, a fine spray of water splattering the back of Sam’s hand as he picks through heads of broccoli and cauliflower.
“Do you think I turned out like dad.” It slips out in the space between passing lanes, the narrowing of the highway boxing Dean in.
“Right. Why don’t you pick out some fruit then? Any fruit you want.” Sam gestures to the fruit displays awkwardly, just narrowly avoiding a quick swat to a pyramid of red delicious apples, “Oranges? Raspberries?” He says, desperation leaking into his voice.
“Shouldn’t we be out helping?” Jack says. He tears himself away from the avalanche of research, and looks to Castiel. “Isn’t that what we do?”
“Forget it, man.”
They lease a one bedroom apartment. The realtor who shows them the place seems confused. She starts by asking if it’s Jack’s first apartment and when Castiel says “Yes. Mine as well”, her stare is blank, and Castiel feels awash with comfort. He is happy to be human, and he is happy to have been changed by this world and the people in it. A person in it. But it’s a reminder that he gets to keep doing that. When Jack pipes up and says “Cas, there’s no demon circles anywhere!” the realtor seems to hit her limit and tells them she’ll give them the room and wait outside.
“And now?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lights don’t flicker as Castiel steps out from the kitchen, there’s no sparks, and no barn doors to dramatically slam open. But Dean feels the tip of the earth on its axis just as sharply as that first time.
Angel cells don’t decay, they collapse in on themselves like dying stars, infinite and resplendent. Their grace running full steam ahead through the nervous system, an unlimited energy machine centered in the nucleotide of their DNA. Humans, on the other hand...
“Yeah, ok. I almost bit it. Anyway. I’m fine, but not exactly in the best condition of my life for hunting. It’s uh… partial retirement I guess.”
“There was…” Jack trails off. “I wasn’t all knowing. I saw the future unfolding. Like looking at a maze from above. And … I thought I could create balance. When I got Chuck’s power, god's power, it seemed so clear what to do with it. But I think that’s the whole point. That it seems so clear. So I got rid of it.”
“Do you still have my Star Wars lego set?” Jack says.
“Forty-four.”
“It sounds like… he was trying to let the universe right itself, I don’t think going around raising people from the dead really lines up with that, even if he made an exception for Cas. As for Rowena…. Well. She always made a point of having insurance policies when she was alive. I doubt being queen of hell changed that.”
The tide of their conversation breaks like waves around the sea stack that is Mary Winchester. They float back to shore a second later.
“What?” Dean whips around, the plate glass storefront giving him an immediate view of Sam, Eileen, and Jack standing next to the cart return.
“Hasn’t she managed to get herself on the no call list for half of the east coast witch population?”
"Wow... Seriously.." Arrow sighed dragging his feet hearing the two men chuckling. "What? Enjoy watching a teenage boy?" Arrow glared at the two who glared right back. "Well, apparently this teenage boy told a friend of ours about a ghost problem?" Arrow looked at the man tilting his head slightly.
When Cas was 5 his mother died, from giving birth to his little brother, Gabriel. Gabriel's tail was a dark, light whiskey golden colour, like his eyes.
Both boys got their clothes on before joining the three adults in the library Sam on his laptop researching, with Cas next to him with an open book. "Come on boys." Dean patted them both on the back as they left towards the Impala.
He felt his black trousers fall, along with his boxers. Dean tried to cover his face but his father pulled his arms away, holding them to his back. "Don't please..." Dean was close to bursting into tears as he soon felt the tip of something hard and wet poking at his hole.
"Well, there's been two deaths. I had to end up being the one finding the damn bodies both times, but I didn't see the second on being killed, just the first one and I was unfortunately naked during that.." Arrow watched Dean smirk where Sam pulled a face. "Alright, did you feel anything or notice anything weird?" Dean questioned Arrow.
Emotions repressed by Naomi's training were now all screaming for his attention. Castiel, the great angel of the lord was now sobbing into Dean's still warm shoulder.
"Arrow, did you end up telling these men what happened?" The sternness was gone in her voice. "Kinda, but you obviously knew someone was gonna say something bout those poor children never going home, and ohh yeah... the damn kid's parents don't fucking know either." Arrow saw the shocked faces from Sam and Dean who instantly glared at the woman who was bright red in the face.
"Now sit still while I work, and I'll give you want you need. Ok baby boy?" Dean bit his lip as he nodded. "Y-Yes Daddy, I can do that for you."
"Merry Christmas, Dean," Cas smiles resting his head on the top of Deans, enjoying the scent his family was creating.
"Oh Fuck!" Dashing out his hiding spot, colliding with the same Alpha as before "Quit banging me Omega!!" Dean didn't stop swimming away, only looking back to see the shark tearing into the stranger. "Shark!" Dean dashed through the hole of his cave just as John swam over to the entrance, just to see that there were now several sharks. "Dean what did you do!?" it took Dean a few seconds to tell his dad what happened. "Dean, you stupid bitch!" John stormed out the cave with Bobby following. Dean didn't move just let himself fall to the ground, onto the sand. "Stupid Bitch..." Dean repeated the words slowly, and he believed them. Before heading out six hours later.
"What did you do?" Misha asked a few minutes after letting Jensen catch his breath and to walk inside. "I think it was that demon thing, I felt it." Jensen stared at the ground, limping to class.
Castiel was born with a blue and black tail, the deeper Cas went the darker his tail would go. Cas was proud of his tail, but he didn't like showing it off like the others would.
Dean was withering under Shay as he moved lower, his shirt and pants had been removed leaving him with only his boxers that wasn't hiding how aroused he was. "Shay!" Dean gasped as Shays tongue flicked over his nipples making Dean arch up to his mouth. "Dean, what do you want me to do?" Shay looked up his bright crystal blue eyes shining Dean only moved his hips up.
Arrow tapping Deans shoulder to pressed his lips onto Deans rolling his hips, they both started moaning. "God, you're a dirty boy" Dean pulled away giving Arrow little warning as he rolled over Arrow still on top of him, just. Pulling him down into a rougher kiss slotting their dicks together Arrow seemed to cum first, just as Castiel got the first finger inside him.
"Dean...
Castiel squinted his eyes at Sam. "oh wait, does this take time? Like two days or longer? Bark once for two days, bark twice for longer," Sam got both dogs to bark twice. "
Pulling up to the drive Dean stepped out, running up to the door knocking on the door hopefully he wouldn't get kicked out.
Cas finally broke kissing Dean roughly, Dean ripped Cas' boxers off throwing them on the floor. "Jesus Christ..."
They sighed slowly in the cool air watching the body burning in front of the Winchesters. "Well, another one done. Back on the road." Dean patted his younger brothers back as they packed their gear heading to the Impala. "You miss him, don't you Dean?" Sam quietly asked his brother who looked straight.
"Oh, uh just a person who wants to know how to get rid of a possible ghost, do you know how?" Arrow kicked his feet as he stood on the path.
Jensen just nodded looking down. "I-I didn't mean to, Chris pinned me down and I saw Misha being held by his friends and I just..." Jensen held his head in his hands, leaning into Dean when he felt his arms around him.
Dean whole world soon came to a halt when he woke up in the middle of the night, hot n bothered and a wet bed, his first thought was to go to his dad which he had to crawl out of his bedroom whining at his body as it seemed like he was being stabbed or someone was rearranging his inside.
"Get your sweaty ass off," Dean grunted as Arrow crawled up towards him, sitting on his waist. "Why? It annoys you," Arrow laughed as he was pushed off landing on the empty side of the bed, ignored the rush of heat shoot downward. "Alright, Sam sent you on a run now go take a fucking show, you stink!" Dean rolled out his bed pulling on the dead man's robe as everyone liked to call it.
Dean frowns. He has the urge to shake him and insist that it is but lets it go. "What about your brothers?”
Finally, Dean looks at him, genuine surprise painting his features. “For what?”
Dean strides through, eyes darting around the room as though he’s looking for something. He frowns at the empty room, glancing again at Castiel before quickly looking away and placing the tools on the table beside the window. There’s tension in the line of Dean’s plaid-covered shoulders (
Dean chuckles. “Won’t argue with that.”
“It’s
“Shit, shit, shit,” Cas curses. Dean spins around to see Cas cupping his hands under the spout in a vain attempt to stem the flow of syrupy, icy blue mush. It’s no use, though, running like a river through his fingers, down his forearms, splashing all over the floor. Dean darts forward, wobbling and sliding around like a toddler on skates in the sludge. But just when he thinks he’s regained his balance, his foot slips from under him and he careens right into Cas, sending them both toppling to the floor.
“Will you use it if or when you want to stop?”
Castiel raises a quizzical brow but concedes, nodding. “Whatever you want.” He steps in closer, delivering a tender, chaste kiss to Dean’s lips before saying, “I’ll go fix us something to drink.”
“What are you asking me?” he says softly, barely audible over the laughter around them and explosions above.
Dating is a simultaneously awesome and terrible sorta torture, like an alternate universe where he’s served perfectly cooked Kobe every day but the craving for a disgustingly greasy bacon cheddar burger slowly wears away at him until it’s all he can think about and the steak turns to ash in his mouth.
"Your Highness," Dean says, performing an exaggerated bow. Cas gives him a weird look, which he shrugs off. “Cas, this my friend—”
“Are you alright?” Cas says, brow pinched with concern.
Humming appreciatively, Cas promises, “We’ll have time for that soon.”
“Okay. Yes, I would like that.”
Cas seems to understand. “I’m sorry.”
Hollowing his cheeks, he slides back up to the tip, sucking like his life depends on it until Cas’ hips jerk, a sign that Dean is finally cracking through his controlled veneer. He knows what'll really break him though (shit, been there, done that), and raises his hands to Cas’ ass in a wordless request.
Chuckling fondly, he tosses the empty cup in the trash, immediately pulls off his shirt and shorts and tosses them in in the corner. Eyeing the small pile of clothes accumulating there, he makes a mental note to stop at the public laundromat nearby within the week.
“What do you mean?”
and right when he's angling to get a view of Castiel's ass, the man slides smoothly into the seat across from him. Dean's head snaps back and he straightens, cheeks burning. Luckily Cas' eyes, blithely unaware of Dean’s gawking, drift around the room as he rolls his shirt cuffs up his forearms.
“You’re breakin’ my heart, cher,” the burly New Orleanian says with a sly smile, hand held over his chest. “Don’t make me beg.”
Plating the eggs and bacon, Dean shakes his head, the indulgent smile playing at the corners of his mouth taking the bite out of his next statement. “Just grumpy.”
. (Yeah, apparently they're
Having never heard Dean so unabashed and beautifully himself, Castiel swallows the filthy, delicious sounds Dean makes with delight.
For now, he must find somewhere to stay, at least until he can get the utilities turned on. Castiel pulls out his phone and searches for the nearest hotel, which as it turns out, is “Eden Lodge”, a quaint six-room place just off the main street they’d passed earlier.
A barely concealed shudder rolls down Dean’s spine at the low, authoritative tone. He looks away, hoping the other man doesn’t notice just how affected he is, and briefly wonders if Cas is always so bossy. If so, they might end up butting heads more than he thought. Although it’s incredibly hot, if anyone’s gonna be the stubborn bastard in this house, it’s him. Cas will just have to learn to deal with it.
