Dean scowled as he turned them onto the main road, passing a sign that read, “Welcome to Evergreen Bend”.
Dean just continued to play with his napkin, ripping off a piece and rolling it into a ball on the table’s linoleum surface. It only made him feel marginally better when he heard Sam huff, annoyed.
Sam gestured. On stage, two of the dancers bumped into each other as they timed their turns wrong before shuffling quickly back into place.
For a small town, it was nothing particularly fancy, wire netting the only thing separating the grounds from the parking lot. Near the entrance, food booths surrounded by wooden picnic benches sold hot chocolate and pastries.
The festival grounds were about a ten-minute drive from the motel. The parking lot was already packed when they pulled in and Dean had to be careful to avoid hitting any small children as he eased the Impala between a minivan and SUV.
He walked closer to it, poking at one of the ornaments. Plastic. The whole thing was plastic, actually, the pine needles just as fake as the tinsel wrapped around it.
was with them now. Cas deserved answers and for once Dean felt ready to give them. He and Cas would talk, he was sure of it, because now that he knew he could have this with him he was going to hold onto it with both hands clamped tight.
Sam frowned down at his pad of notes. “I think you’re right. I mean, they’ve been running this place for twenty years, why start now?” He blew out a puff of air. “I dunno dude, I’m stuck.”
Overhead, the festival’s speakers screeched to life with sharp feedback. Dean slapped his hands over his ears as the beginning riffs of an electric guitar echoed throughout the stable, startling the reindeer into a hasty retreat.
Dean glanced back at Sam, mind wandering to the gifts hidden under his bed back in the bunker, all wrapped up in newspaper and magazine pages because some habits were just hard to break. He'd picked out some new headphones for his brother since the ones Sam had apparently had stopped working in one ear and Dean could only handle so much of his horrid music taste anyway.
“So I was thinking chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast, with lots of bacon. Cas, you ever had chocolate chip pancakes before?”
There was the same wheezing laughter as before, and Dean’s gaze shot up to see the thing hanging by its toes from a string of lights overhead. It raised its spindly hand in a wave before sticking out a forked tongue, collapsing back into laughter at Dean’s offended expression.
Cas reached up, wrapping a hand over where Dean was still gripping his shoulder tightly. He gave him a soft smile, tilting his head.
Like a radio dial being changed, the music from the festival’s speakers switched. The tinkling chimes of a music box echoed into the night.
Sam finishes his glass of water and puts in his ear buds. He waves goodbye to Cas on his way out of the kitchen. Cas returns to his place at the table and pulls his walkman out once again. He starts the tape from the beginning with Ramble On, Dean’s professed number one favorite.
I skimmed Chuck’s pages. Dean dying on a piece of rebar, Sam living ambiguously in misery, Covid-19 preventing anyone from being together, even in heaven. All of this would come to pass. Chuck’s real ending. He knew he would lose, but Sam and Dean would suffer regardless. Chuck’s ending was always this way. Hopeless. The fans will hate it. The only highlight at all was a shirtless Sam scene and Dean finally overcoming his thing about dogs.
“Sure. Let me just-” Jack puts the deck of cards from earlier away no better at shuffling and dealing than before. He and Cas pile into Castiel’s  truck for the short drive.
Our boys trailed behind him. On the computer screen in front of me, the ending Chuck showed me glowed white in the darkness of my living room. I sat, dumbfounded, for what felt like hours. What had just happened? My husband was back and he seemed to think everything was fine. It was not fine! My ex shows up out of nowhere and zaps us out of existence? I couldn’t wrap my head around it. But I didn’t have to for very long. There was another flash as Kansas swelled more and then faded altogether from my head, a sound apparently only I could hear since Rod didn’t say anything about it.
"I don't know, Dean. Michael didn't tell me anything that he didn't tell you." A small eye roll from Cas ended their conversation for the time being.
Dean stood by a second. “This is normally the part where you push me down and a cosmic entity drags your ass to turbo hell.”
Jack fidgets with the seatbelt not liking the way it scratches and puts marks on his shoulder. “Cas, can I ask you something?”
"So if you know where we could find a yellow daisy, we can be on our way." Cas cut in at the end of Dean's story partly for revenge for being cut off earlier and partly because he was always a little jealous of Benny
Dean arches an eyebrow as Cas’ cue to continue. “I don’t sleep anymore. At first I believed sleeping to be inconvenient. Now that I can’t sleep, it feels like there is so much extra time in a day. And I spend that time alone. Watching over you and Sam at least gives me the illusion of company.” He leaves out that part where he plans to not watch over Sam anymore.
But he looks around again. Sam reading. Dean cooking egg whites just because Sam asked for them. Jack smiling around his cereal spoon.
Jack bargains with the empty. The angels and demons asleep there will relive only their best memories.
"Yeah, man. Great. We'll just plant these, water then everyday, give them some TLC, and in 90 days, after the portal's closed, we will have ourselves a flower. Fan-freakin-tastic."
Cas squinted his eyes against the sun setting overhead, but he didn’t need to. “You’re not offended by what I said?”
Chuck used to say endings are hard. I disagree. Chuck just wouldn’t know a good ending if it slapped him in the face. I hope this is what you wanted Jack. Becky out.
“Hello, Jack. What are you doing in my house???” I thought about running to the kitchen for salt or rifling through my desk for the silver pencil case I keep just-in-case. I didn’t spend a lot of time with Sam and Dean in person, but I’m not an idiot. I picked up a thing or two from Chuck’s books. Jack looked at me with sincerity. I forgot about being afraid, curious about what he came for and who he was.
Jack is still working in heaven. He smiles knowing that Cas and Dean have been reunited, that Sam and Eileen are starting the life they deserve. He looks around at the world he is working to build. He’s nowhere near done, but he’ll get there. Everyone will be exactly where they are supposed to be. No loose ends. No plot holes. And one day, old and in their beds, Sam and Dean will die and ascend to heaven. Two boys, neglected by their father, with nowhere to call home for most of their lives, found family. They always had and always will have each other, but for the first time, it feels like they are free to be more than just the family business.
Dean took in Cas’ words for a moment. He nodded his head once before sliding back into bed. He didn’t look at Cas or say anything else to him that night. In fact, they never spoke about it again, but every night after, even on the days they were fighting, Dean left his door cracked and the hinges oiled so Cas could work his angel magic without getting shot. Or stabbed. Again.
A few minutes later, the flower bloomed a bright yellow.  Dean plucked it from the soil, wrapped it in a cloth, and stowed the flower carefully  in his pocket.
Dean, a little stunned, let Benny take the lead. About ten yards away from the shed was a 6ft X 5ft patch if dirt. Benny buried a seed in the loose dirt and recited the incantation "Adulesco!"  A green stem began to sprout.
“I will. I’ll stop back in when I can. There’s still a lot I need to fix. Chuck left this world in shambles, plus I need to restore the other worlds. It has occurred to me that I may need your advice from time to time. There is still a lot I don’t know.”
They go inside. Cas grabs a case of beer and a couple packages of candy he thinks that Dean will appreciate. The ride home is silent yet comfortable as both men contemplate what they’ve discussed.
Back in the Bunker, Dean tiredly stomps into the kitchen to have breakfast. Cas already has coffee brewed for him. He doctors his cup and goes to sit at the table. He uses Cas’ shoulder to steady himself as he sits down.
Dean is still driving around, cursing under his breath without realizing he is praying. “Cas, you son of a bitch.”
Castiel looks around the kitchen, taking in the sight of his family. Dean gets up briefly to make some toast but sits back down right next to Cas, their knees knocking together under the table. Sam already has a book out and sips his coffee, making a face as he burns himself with it. Jack is reading knock-knock jokes from his phone, and Dean laughs every time even though they aren’t funny. Cas recalls what Jack said to him last night.
"Damn it, Cas. You stay. I've been like this the whole time. You know the drill. I get hurt. I lash out. I say the wrong thing. I'm still doing it now. I- Damn it!"
Jody says she knows someone in the area. She is going to give them a call! Dean isn’t going on the case! He is in his room filling out job forms! Miracle is behind him lapping water from his water bowl.
“Dude, don’t you think you’re taking this a little seriously?” Sam asked, genuine concern creeping into his voice. “You’ve been sitting there, tense as hell, for like,” he checked his watch, “nine hours.”
“Nothing, nothing,” Sam said, shaking his head and looking like he was thinking of the world’s funniest joke.
When he was halfway down the hall, almost free, Cas called after him in a completely confident voice, “Maybe next time we could watch something together.”
“Oh?” Cas asked, a hint of undeniable amusement flashing in his eyes, “Another one of your stories?”
Dean blinked and wriggled his shoulders, clearly returning from some place very far away. Provincial England, to be exact. He rolled out his neck and cracked his knuckles, unsure of how to respond. He didn’t think he’d get so carried away, but damn, this story was good. A mischievous grin spread across his face.
“I’m sorry for poking fun at you earlier. It was childish. I’m glad you’re finding things to busy yourself with.”
Huffing, he threw back the covers, giving up on sleep entirely. He creaked open his bedroom door and padded down the hall, in search of a bite to eat and something to do.
And that Darcy. For some reason he kept getting hung up on him. Sure, he’d seemed like a dick at first, but his headstrong attitude, his disregard for social niceties, and his stone-cold sense of justice made him a character Dean couldn’t help but respect. Dean thought he’d make a good hunter, if he weren’t so worried about sweeping blithe young maidens off their feet.
Cas nodded, having been expecting an answer to this effect. “And the ride back? Sam told me you picked something up from the library.”
When Dean entered the den, Cas was curled up on the couch, studying at something on a tablet Dean had gotten for him several months ago.
Dean shut the heavy tome, sending dust motes flying into the air around his face. He dug the heels of his hands into his eyes, trying to rub the dryness out of them. He stretched his arms up to the ceiling and rolled out a crick in his neck. Then he grabbed his laptop and headed to his room.
Cas squinted at Dean for a moment, then said, “I’d like to watch it, if you would. I can’t say I’m familiar with the story, and I’d like to see what all the fuss is about.” He smiled gently, showing he meant no harm by the remark.
Dean shifted his position to lean more comfortably against the passenger side door. “You saying Darcy isn’t your style? Man’s a gentleman and a scholar,” he said.
Dean shifted away from the window, sitting upright. “What’s that supposed to mean?” he asked, suddenly serious.
Then, a soft voice uttered over a gentle instrumental, “Macmillan Audio presents, Pride and Prejudice, by Jane Austen.”
“Good night!” Dean chirped, abruptly standing up from the couch, painfully wrenching his hand from Cas’s grip in the process. He zipped down the hall and into his bedroom, slamming the door on whatever Cas was going to say.
“Yeah, sorry Cas,” Dean replied, casting his gaze downward and scrubbing a hand up the back of his neck, “something else came up.”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Dean groaned, creaking off into the kitchen to grab a glass of water. He turned on the tap and let the cool water run over his hands for several seconds before grabbing a clean mug off a cloth beside the sink. He stuck it under the running water.
Dean was reminded of when he’d first watched Bridget Jones’s Diary, his introduction to the great British heartthrob Colin Firth. Belatedly, he realized that that cheesy rom com was a direct adaptation of the Austen novel, and he remembered a similar warm embarrassment arising in himself in the final scenes of that film. Feeling slightly off balance, Dean reached over to take a sip from the icy Jack and Coke resting on his bedside table, hoping it would cool the burning in his cheeks. The liquid settled in his stomach with a familiar weight, though it did little to loosen the anxious knots he felt there.
He sat there helpless, crying hot tears, his hands limp on the sofa either side of him. Quickly, as if ripping off a Band-Aid, Cas reached over and placed his hand on top of Dean’s. Dean felt the whole right side of his body go stiff and began to pull out of Cas’s grasp, but the angel’s large, warm hand fit too neatly on top of his to reject the comfort. Slowly, Dean regained control of his emotions and wiped his eyes, but he left his hand in Cas’s, allowing their fingers to intertwine. They sat like that for the next hour, and Dean found his thoughts wandering farther and farther from the romance playing out on the screen.
Once again, Dean was swept up into the tumultuous lives of the Bennet sisters, the triumphs and failures of their tiny lives, all contained within a space no greater than thirty miles. He tried not to imagine a hypothetical tiny life of his own, a home with a loud kitchen bustling with activity, friends and relatives just a stone’s throw away. Dean found himself laughing along with the series, his worries of vamps and sirens and angels cut away by Lizzie’s razor-sharp wit.
“Dean,” Cas, suddenly appearing behind him, said, “where have you been all day? I thought we were going to work on the siren case.”
Research was no use. They had gotten in late last night, and this morning’s ice-cold black coffee had done nothing to help Dean’s fatigue. His mind kept wandering elsewhere, wondering how a siren might have appeared to Lizzie Bennet. Or Darcy, for that matter. On top of that, rain plinked gently off the roof of the bunker, lulling Dean into such a state of relaxation that he could barely keep his eyes open.
Dean froze, his heart catching in his throat, and could not find anything to say in reply. Jolting back into motion and stalking away, he waved his hand up in the air behind him in a noncommittal response.
“Oh, yeah,” Dean said, trying to conceal his excitement. He’d come across the Wikipedia article for the 2005 movie earlier that day. A wave of fondness expanded in his chest at Cas’s thoughtful suggestion. “With Kiera Knightley, right? She’s got it going on.”
“That bitch,” he seethed. His vehemence was so strong that Sam thought he could actually feel the rage emanating off his brother’s shoulders.
Anger flared up in Dean’s chest. Fucking Sam. For some reason, Dean still couldn’t meet Cas’s eye when he replied, “Yeah, something like that,” then turned away once again to head towards the library.
Then came the rain-drenched proposal, Darcy’s fumbling attempts to make his affections known to a steadfastly stubborn Lizzie. At the sight of two fools too blind to see they were in love, Dean felt actual tears of frustration begin to well in his eyes, threatening to spill over onto his burning cheeks. Something ripped open in him as Lizzie began to cry onscreen, and Dean let out a single, strangled groan. He couldn’t help it. Lizzie was so infuriating, Darcy looked so heartbroken, and the whole thing was too goddamn sad.
Dean emerged from the double doors of the library, scrunching his face up into a smile in the afternoon glare. He hustled down the wide library steps and crossed with an air of triumph to the Impala idling at the curb, holding a plastic case aloft in his hand. When he caught sight of Sammy through the passenger side window, he threw open the car door and flung himself inside.
“In that case, we gotta do the whole bells and whistles. Hey Sammy, you think we could grab some eggnog on the way back?”
Cas ducked his head, stepping gingerly over the melted remains of the nutcrackers as he walked closer.
“Cheeseburger, side of fries,” he recited, barely giving the menu a glance. Their waitress, Betty, smiled wide, her red lipstick matching the Santa hat perched over her dark hair.
“See wh-'' Dean was cut off as he was slammed into again. He scrambled for Sam’s arm, not wanting to land face-first in the dirt. Two more little kids ran past them, one of them sporting a chocolate mustache across his face and the other holding a candy cane the size of her arm.
“Sammy!” he screamed. He shot across the grounds, the sound of heavy hooves close behind him. Dean spared a glance over his shoulder, eyes widening at the herd of reindeer galloping behind him. He whipped his head back, the gun still gripped tightly in his hand and so utterly useless. He screamed again, “Sammy!”
“No way, I’m John McClane!” Sam shouted back. Dean snickered, pulling out his pistol and feeling the familiar weight of it in his hands as he headed towards the tree-lined path.
“What, Dean? Am I not even allowed to say his name?” Sam asked. Dean scoffed, rolling his eyes and turning around, his heart starting to pound in his chest. Overhead, more damn Christmas music was blaring out of the festival’s speakers and it was making Dean want to punch something.
Dean could see his breath escape from his lips with each exhale, funneling into a cone of white in front of him. He took another careful step forward. Towards his left, a tarp flapped and Dean stilled, muscles tight and bound.
If there was one upside to the damn wristbands, it was that they didn’t have to re-pay to get back inside the festival. Dean made sure to keep his head on a swivel this time for rogue children, barely stepping out of the way as a little girl barreled past him with a giant stuffed penguin clutched to her chest.
There was the rasping sound of wheezing laughter again. Dean cracked open his eyes to see the imp hanging from the branch of a tree. When it saw Dean looking at him, the imp raised a hand and snapped.
Up ahead, Sam stood in the archway of one of the paths, his gun hanging loose at his side. He stared past Dean, his mouth gaping open.
“Oh, how lovely! You’re journalists then,” she guessed. Deciding to let Sam take the reins on this one, Dean leaned over to take a sip of his coffee.
“What can I do?” I would do anything for Sam and Dean. They don’t have to like me. I love them. I’ve always loved them. Toxic behavior of my youth aside, as a fan, I still see so much of myself in them. My therapist helped me come to terms with that. I can project my feelings onto the story without the need to insert myself into it.
Bobby built heaven with Jack’s power and from the ground up. John and Mary are there,  but they rarely come out of the little house Bobby built for them. They have everything they ever wanted in each other.
Four more hours go by, and still no daisy. In fact, besides the trees and the monsters, there were no signs of life at all.
Cas couldn’t argue with that logic, and he was glad Claire was doing something young and normal knowing that he is the cause for her troubled and hectic life. He knows Claire isn’t actually his daughter, but sometimes it feels that way, especially since he is trying to keep his oath that he made to Jimmy.
The cleaning supplies get squared away and Cas heads to his own room. He doesn’t need to sleep, and his bed shows it. The covers are neatly folded up and perfectly straightened. Cas never even sits on it. His room is completely bare, and it would appear that nobody lives here at all except for the few possessions it contains. One drawer holds a spare trench coat and a couple of ties. Cas’ charger and phone dangle off of the nightstand. Another drawer holds Dean’s old walkman and the mixtape that Dean made for Cas.
With Dean still leading the way, they stomped all over purgatory, finding nothing. It seemed every five minutes a monster would emerge and attack. Dean would strike it down without batting and eye, and they'd move on.
Dean leans against the Impala and crosses his legs. He looks anywhere but at Cas. “You changed me, Cas. I was fighting for free will without ever really believing in it. If I believe in it now, that is because you showed me it was possible. But mostly, I think I’ve been taking you for granted. You should do whatever makes you happy, Cas. I won’t stand in your way. Not anymore.”
Jack throws his arms around Cas again, this hug even shorter than the last. “Goodnight, Cas. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“It doesn’t matter, Jack. The empty said that I’ll be taken away when I have a moment of true happiness. You, Sam, Dean-You already make me happy. The joy you add to my life, Jack, is worth the sacrifice. Besides, there is only one thing that may be missing from my existence, and it is something I will never obtain. That is why I’m not worried about the empty. And I’m okay with that. You and the Winchesters are enough for me. More than enough. More than I could have ever asked for.”
Finally, Jack fixes heaven. Instead of the impersonal silver cubicles Chuck designed, it’s open and much like Earth. Jack found Bobby and asked him what he thought heaven should be.
Suddenly, Dean's relief turned to anger. "Where the hell did you go?" Against his will, a man-tear tolled down his cheek. "We just lost mom. Kevin. Jack. How could you leave when Sam and I need you most?"
“Mornin’, Sunshine.” He still holds Cas’ shoulder but he is looking at Jack, perhaps greeting both of them with the same phrase. Sam walks into the kitchen still talking to Eileen on the phone. He signs a goodbye to her and joins his family at the table. Cas feels a little better about him being out so long.
Dean shoved the firearms and silver knives into a bag, adding a bottle of kerosene and lighter on impulse as he ran the lore through his head.
There was another crackle from the speaker, “May you please direct your attention to the stage and give a warm, peppermint welcome to EverGreen Bend’s Highschool Dance Club!”
“I didn’t make any of the ornaments myself,” Seth clarified, his cheeks slightly red, “Mary and I wanted to do something unique this year with the festival’s theme. After doing this for twenty years, sometimes you wanna switch things up. We decided on a vintage look, you know, lots of silvers and golds. Classic stuff,” he nodded.
“Oh, have you both been to the Christmas Festival already?” she asked. She nodded down at the green wristband peeking out of Sam’s sleeve and he gave her a pleasant smile.
They ate parked in the shadows of the festival’s parking lot, watching as the overhead lights snuffed out one by one. The last of the employees trickled out afterward, shouting out to each other from across the lot before getting in their cars and peeling away. Sam and Dean waited for another few minutes before deciding the coast was clear.
“I know, and that’s why I remembered seeing these symbols from that case. These symbols here?” He pointed at a looping pattern, one that matched what Dean had seen on the ornaments, “That’s a binding charm.”
he wheezed out. Sam brushed past him, laughing as he threw his bag onto the bed closest to the heater, the jerk. Dean frowned, glaring at the tree as he threw his own bag on the other bed and kicked the door shut behind them.
Dean led them towards the tree-lined path, hoping his directions were right and they were headed towards the center of the grounds. Something crashed against Dean’s side and shattered, followed by another at his shoulder, then his knee, till Dean was being pelted on all sides.
“Well, if I get murdered by a rogue reindeer or something later,” Dean sighed, picking up his burger, “I’m blaming you.”
"Dean. Please be quiet. We are still in purgatory, and we do not know whose shed we are infiltrating. It could be anything."
“You should go upstairs and tell Sam that. You leaving really hurt him.” Jack vanished. In another part of the bunker he greeted Sam and they embraced. They spoke briefly about Jack’s plans, but Jack is informing me he wants to wait to reveal some of those. He wants me to reveal them as he does them. Sam hands Jack a journal, much like John Winchester’s, only this one is blank. Jack doesn’t need it to organize his thoughts, but he feels like the sentiment alone is enough to make him write in it.
Castiel, Jack, and Dean are seated at the kitchen table. They chat idly about nothing serious for a change: music Dean wants to show Jack, Cas’ fashion choices, the endearing yet out-of-date memes Donna sends to the group chat. At some point Dean gets up from the table, lays a hand on Cas’ shoulder that rests just a beat too long, and lets out the longest and most unnecessary yawn imaginable.
“You don’t have to go oh oh oh oh.” sings the man from the box. Cas thinks-No-He hopes-That Dean is using the song to say things he can’t himself.
That same night that he had checked on Sam, he had gone to check on Dean next. He opened the door without much care. Dean bolted upright without thinking and shot a whole clip into Cas’ abdomen. Luckily, at the time, Cas’ grace had been restored and he healed. Dean had jumped out of bed, eyes still squinting with sleep.
"Cas, you idiot." Dean absentmindedly prayed. "If we don't find you soon, we will have to leave without you. Is this the "moving on" you had in mind? Well if this is your idea of leaving, then you really are stupid. Chuck's ending will have to wait, because the world can't end like this. I'm going to keep coming back here until I find you. You're my family, Cas. I'm sorry if I've been a dick, but you should know better than to run away."
Silently, Eileen signed back that she is proud of Sam. Sam asked her to only sign to him for a few hours so he can practice.
“But why? Are you so unhappy? With me and Sam and Dean, I mean. I know we have Chuck to deal with but we have fun sometimes. Like tonight with poker. But the empty still won’t come for you. I guess I’m wondering what your true happiness is if our family, the way it is, isn’t enough.
I stood up from my chair to confront the figure that appeared in front of me. A boy I could only describe as golden stood perfectly still in front of me. He looked to be between the ages of seventeen and twenty-one. A gasp exited my lungs, but before I could scream for Rod to come help me, the boy raised his hand in greeting.
Dean is drying the last dish and placing it on the rack. He should have started the dishes hours ago, but Jack had brought out a deck of cards right after dinner. His hands fumbled as he clumsily half-shuffled the cards. Dean couldn’t help it. He had playfully swatted at Jack’s hands and took the cards from him.
“I’ve been in heaven, Dean. I wasn’t sure if you- I was afraid of what you would do if I came back.”
“That’s great, Eileen. I mean, if that is what you want. I would never ask you to quit just because I am.”
"Dean. Look around. Look at where you are. Who you're with.  I'd like to count myself among your losses, and I know Cas has nothing to do with that. It sounds to me like bad things happen, and the little guy takes the heat for bein' there."
“I’m not mad or anything.” Jack clarifies. “I care about you, and I want you to be happy. Knowing that you can’t is killing me. I really want to understand why.”
"A daisy? Michael sent us to purgatory for something we could grab from the department store for five bucks?"
“What do you mean? Look, I understand why you did what you did. I’m not mad. But Chuck is gone now. We have freedom for the first time, and the fact that you chose not to see me…”
"It has to be from purgatory. The soil here has different properties." Cas answered, growing more annoyed.
"Go on ahead. I'll meet you there," Dean told Benny. He gave Benny the daisy so Michael wouldn't smite him the minute he stepped through the door.
Jack pours himself a bowl of sugary cereal. Cas helps him get rid of the evidence before Sam gets back. Sam has been taking longer and longer to get back from his outings. It reminds Cas of how Sam acted when he was drinking demon blood. He wonders if he should confront Sam about the behavior, but Sam hasn’t shown any other signs of a relapse. Maybe he will just ask him what takes him so long.
Jack eventually gives up on his activity, too. He yawns dramatically just because that’s what Dean had done, and gets up from the table. He lazily throws his arms around Castiel who reciprocates the hug with his free arm. His other arm is holding the mop handle. Cas pats Jack once on the back before releasing him.
“Here. This might be easier.” Jack crossed around the side of the desk and put two fingertips to my forehead. I had visions flood through me, visions of Sam and Dean with so many different people. I saw Jack’s story, how he was born and Sam, Dean, and Cas raised him like their own. Everything that happened from the end of Chuck’s books to that moment swarmed in my head, even the parts I was there for. Then I saw Sam and Dean, smiling and bloody standing over Chuck and Jack taking his power away. When the visions cleared, I remembered Chuck’s finale written on the computer in front of me.
In that moment, Jack returned all of the alternative worlds, each Sam and Dean given relative freedom, the apocalypse canceled for each one, and all of the au members in our world have been returned to their home. In one alternative world, Charlie and her girlfriend are at a table cleaning guns and eating eggs.
Benny planted himself on the dirt and sat criss-cross. He patted his "garden" inviting dean to sit down next to him. Dean looked around to make sure no one was watching and sat down in the same manner. His joints popped as he sat down, showing his age.
“I got a lot of this info from Garth. He put a lot of it together after Bobby died, but he is pretty much retired now and doesn’t have time.”
The first time Cas had watched them sleep in the Bunker, he went to Sam’s room first. Sam is a fairly light sleeper to begin with. Cas had opened the door and Sam was awake, reading a book.
“We ganked that son of a bitch three days ago. We decided to spend the last night blowing off a little steam.”
Dean gets up from the table and puts his plate in the sink. The sudden absence wakes Cas from his thoughts, daydreams being the only kind he has anymore. There’s a joke somewhere about how even in the empty, he wasn’t able to sleep. Luckily he will never have to go back.
Cas turned to look at Dean like he was the dumbest person he ever met. “All of these years and you still don’t get it. I have proven in every way imaginable that my happiness is you. I’ll say it again. “I love you.”
At having heard this, Dean started feeling guilty. All this time Cas was helping him out, and he always got yelled at for it. When did anybody ever do anything for Cas?
I know I used to have a thing for Sam that led to some really questionable behavior, but I am so happy for him right now. From what Jack has shown me, he and Eileen are perfect together.
“That’s not how you shuffle. Now watch closely.” He smoothly shuffled the cards and they made a soft puffing sound that mark a professional card player. Without meaning to, Dean had dealt the cards and suddenly they were teaching Jack and Cas the rules of poker.
Claire put on her you’re-not-my-dad-but-you-are-dressed-like-him-so-I’ll-be-slightly-more-respectful-voice. “Don’t worry, Cas. We’re being safe. Kaia had a couple of drinks but I only had one beer. We’re going to hit the casino for an hour and then head back to our room for the night. We won’t leave until tomorrow morning. Besides, I already called Jody and she tried to convince us to stay one extra night. And if Jody isn’t worried, you don’t have any reason to be.”
Okay this feels weird. I’m seeing Dean and Sam. Like the visions from earlier but I think this is in real time? Sam is going for a jog and Dean is hugging Miracle. The montage of their morning routine is just like Chuck had it before. Now they’re getting pie. Sam smashes Dean’s face with pie. Same as before. Skipping a bit.
Dean gave a gesture to indicate another long story, so Benny moves on. "Okay. So there's a lot I don't know. But I remember a Dean that flat out refused to leave this place without his buddy. And when I died again, the last tine I saw you, you were still that Dean. Still loyal and focused on all the right things. What's changed?"
Cas thinks about Dean’s life. How he was wants a child full of potential to be anything. How he grew up in the hunting life, his free will stripped from his as much as the angels. How there is always that voice in the back of his mind, gnawing at him, begging him for better. How one day soon Dean will make a very human mistake that will end his life, and there is nothing Castiel can do to stop it. Cas can see why Dean chose his favorite songs. What he cannot grasp is what Dean means by giving him this tape. The idea keeps haunting him until Jack wakes up.
“Dean does a lot of things you shouldn’t emulate.” Cas responds with an equally tired expression. Jack is reluctant but complies.
Sam feels his eyelids tug. Sighing deeply, he closes the book and goes to the Bunker’s kitchen. “Goodnight; I’m heading to bed.”
"But it's always him." Dean looked over at Cas who had wondered off a few yards. Some markings on a tree interested him. "I lost Bobby who was like a father to me. I lost my Dad twice, my mom twice. And it's his fault. People keep leaving. And Cas is part of it. Every time."
And for the first time, Dean expresses his appreciation for Cas in the only way he could to get him to stay. In envelopes Cas into a kiss, soft and chaste, yet full of passion. Dean Winchester never could say "I love you" properly. Luckily, Castiel understands Dean better than anyone. He accepted Dean's kiss for everything it was. An apology. A declaration. A promise. So many problems were still before them, but for all of them, Cas would stay by Dean's side.
Jack tilts his head in a way that looks so much like Castiel that Cas wonders for a second if Jack is biologically his. It warms his heart, but the empty was specific enough to make Cas know exactly what deal he was making.
He skips to his favorite song on the tape. D’yer Maker. He pretends that Dean put the song there for his sake and not just because it is a favorite.
"That asshole." Dean grabbed the seeds. "Was this Michael's plan? Hey dickhead!" Dean shouted at nothing, "We don't have time for these games!"
Cas tries to clean a different room each night. Tonight, he starts with some paper towels and a multi-surface cleaner. He wipes off the map table. Then he sweeps and mops until the floor is spotless. He gathers some books that Sam left out and sorts through them leaving some in stacks while others are returned to their shelves. Once he finishes that, he goes to Jack’s room to start on his laundry. Magical cleanliness is apparently not a power of the Nephilim. He actually has to wash his clothes and shower to keep up appearances. However, Jack isn’t allowed to use the washing machine after he ruined some clothes in the very old 1940s style washer. Cas doesn’t mind doing Jack’s laundry. Sometimes Jack helps in other ways. He can run mop water, and he will take out the trash if Cas asks him, something Sam and Dean NEVER do.
Cas internally curses Dean for making things so difficult. “Dean doesn’t like to feel vulnerable. He shows his love in other ways.”
"Angels sent us on a wild goose chase. Kind of a long story. Oh man, you have to come back with us. I thought I would never see you again."
"Cas..." Dean, just as he did during their last purgatory reunion, captured Cas in a big bear hug, the kind Dean so rarely offered. Unlike their last purgatory reunion, Cas returned the hug wholeheartedly.
Normally when cleaning this room, Castiel would also mop the steps and dust a few of the nearer bookshelves, but he gives up. He doesn’t have enough cleaner left to do that anyway. He makes a mental note to add cleaner to the grocery list they keep in the Bunker’s kitchen.
Sam beams at the news. He kisses Eileen while gently cupping her face with both of his massive hands. The kiss breaks, and Sam asks Eileen to move back into the bunker. With Chuck out of the way, she has no problem accepting.
Dean slowed down, trying to keep his footsteps quiet and his ears alert for any noise. The air was crisp against his skin and he felt a tremor shake through him as he tightened his grip on the weapon. He had never liked to wear gloves on a hunt. They had always made his hands feel clumsy with the added padding. In their line of work where a split second could mean the difference between life or death, Dean had always taken the discomfort for the extra dexterity.
“Wrong fairytale,” Sam frowned. “Plus, you know, it’s for kids. It’s… sweet,” he said hopefully, gazing around them.
In a few hours, they’d be back at the bunker. Sam had called Kevin and Charlie earlier, putting them on speaker as he let them know they closed the case and would be back in time for Christmas.
to be on, and sure enough, they were able to find it on the motel’s small cable box tv. They had made it just in time to see Flick get his tongue stuck on the flagpole. Cas’s scandalized expression at the scene had sent Dean cackling into his eggnog.
“Really?” he called out. There was silence, not that he necessarily expected an answer. Beside it, another snowman flickered to life, blinking in time with the first. Dean flinched when one of the penguin figurines clicked on next, red lights flashing as it spun itself in circles. Its laugh track played on an ominous loop into the night.
“Found it! Okay, from what I’ve read, these things are crazy powerful. There’s even some lore saying they can bring things back to life, shapeshift, stuff like that.”
“That doesn’t even-” Sam leaned his head back, “You know what? Doesn’t matter. I head left, you head right?”
Sure enough, the gas station Sam had spotted was still open when they drove back. Dean had managed to snag them a carton of eggnog and a bottle of whiskey, because if this was Cas’s first Christmas then he wanted to do it right.
“Of course,” Cas nodded, “In that case, I’ll be going.” He stepped backward but faltered when Sam started to wave and flap his hands.
They returned to their seats, Dean sitting closer to Cas this time. He shifted, knocking their knees together. When he glanced up to meet Cas's eyes, it was to give him a knowing smile that grew into a grin when he felt Cas deliberately press back.
“Cas, you know...you know we want you here, right?” He asked, cringing at the words. He wasn’t used to talking about this kind of stuff, not with Sam or anyone really. But with Cas it felt important, like he wanted to try. Hell, after everything Cas had done for them he figured he owed him that much.
“Hey, no spoilers Sammy,” Dean ordered, placing the bucket of ice on the table. He grabbed the eggnog, giving Cas a quick wink as he topped off their glasses and offered his over, “It is the best part though."
Dean quickened his pace to follow it down the path, catching glimpses of webbed feet and grey, sickly skin as it ducked behind the branches too quickly for Dean to get a clean shot. He sent out a quiet prayer that Sam was headed towards the center square as they planned so they could flush this thing out and hopefully weaken the thing.
“I’m gonna grab more ice,” Dean threw out, giving the ice bucket a shake. Sam barely gave him a glance, eyes glued to the tv as he nodded.
Dean blinked, reeling as the words hit him. He knew what his life was like. It was dirty and rough - filled with blood, and sweat, and booze, and nightmares that left him frozen in the dark when he blinked awake. The people Dean touched usually ended up hurt or dead, and so he knew what he was asking from Cas was more than he had any right to. But,
There was a screech as Dean felt something suddenly slam into the back of his knees, sending him flailing forward. Sam snapped out a hand just in time as a little girl in pigtails swerved around them, shouting “Sorry!” as she sprinted away.
Cas took a curious step towards the Christmas tree, his gaze lingering at one of the ornaments at eye level. He reached out, plucking an ordinary gold one from the bunch and handing it back to Sam.
Dean turned quick on his heel, flailing as the momentum sent him tumbling to the ground. Behind him, the sound of hammering hooves followed as the animals clamored for the exit.
“Woah, woah, Cas, you just got here,” he said. Sam glanced back at Dean as he gestured helplessly with his hands, “Plus, you know, it’s Christmas Eve.”
Cas flinched slightly back and Dean cursed himself as he scrambled to find the right words, “No, no, I didn’t mean - look. We definitely want you here tonight. Hell, Sammy was on my case this whole day hounding me to call you,” he laughed.
Dean turned around to see the angel at the epicenter of the melted ruins of the nutcracker army. His eyes were still glowing and remnants of his grace curled in smoking wisps from his fingertips. The air around them crackled as if they were in the center of a lightning storm, making Dean’s hair stand on end and a shiver travel down his spine.
Dean grabbed the bags, slinging them over his shoulder and stepping out into the parking lot, headed towards the Impala.
At the center of the square stood the main attraction - a twenty-something foot Christmas tree decorated to the max in bright gold ornaments. Intricate white designs were drawn across their glass surface in careful detail. At the top was an old-fashioned metal star, glittering in the late morning sun and sending light flickering down onto the small stage at the tree’s base.
Dean deflated, feeling the toll of the case start to hit him. He could berate the guy for not remembering to charge his phone, but the truth was he was tired. It was Christmas Eve, Cas was here, and he and Sam were safe. He figured, for now, that was enough.
Dean sputtered into his drink and quickly covered it with a cough, waving off Betty’s concern and Sam’s murderous look.
good at finding them hunts. He and Sam had jumped from case to case four times in the past week alone, so Dean really couldn’t fault his brother for wanting a break from upholstery that smelt like cigarettes and hand soap that came prepackaged in crinkly squares.
On a whim, he had even pulled out the portable radio from Baby’s trunk, switching it on to one of the local stations and letting the years-weathered lyrics fill the small room.
“Amelia and I celebrated it together last year,” he offered. “We did the whole thing - lights, gifts, a tree. It was...nice.” He smiled softly, watching the row of shops fly by as they got closer to town square. “I don’t know, it just made me realize how much I missed those things. I think we should try and do more of them.”
Dean winced at Sam’s lack of subtlety. But if the smell of reindeer manure wasn’t motivating enough, they were losing daylight fast. Tomorrow the Christmas crowds would be at their highest and they didn’t have time to beat around the bush.
Dean stood up, stretching as he walked to their duffle bags on the table. “Yeah? Update me, Ground Control.”
He skidded to a stop as the imp suddenly launched itself through the window of one of the buildings. Dean was hot on its trail, glancing down at the two wooden doors in front of him. He kicked them open with the heel of his boot and burst in, gun raised.
The motel Sam directed them towards had seemed not too different from the countless others they'd stayed at before. Sure, there had been the rainbow lights strung up all along the awning, but Dean knew sometimes the owners liked to do that sort of thing to make it feel more festive in the colder months.
Dean had tried to call Cas. Twice in fact. It had taken him a damn hour to build up the nerve the first time, only for him to be met with a ring of dial tone and an automated voice asking him to leave a message. Dean refused to acknowledge how it left him feeling like a rejected, moping girl from those Hallmark movies Charlie kept playing just because the guy he had not-so-platonic feelings for couldn’t give him a damn call on Christmas.
Further ahead there was a path lined with Christmas trees that stretched deeper into the festival grounds. Arrows pointed towards some of the other attractions, with names like, “Reindeer Stables” and “Ice Skating” painted in red letters. Plastic penguins and snowmen waved at passing visitors, some sporting scuff marks where kids had tried to climb them like a jungle gym.
Dean said as if it were obvious. Across from him, Cas let out a deep sigh, his shoulders drooping under his trenchcoat.
On stage, a group of highschoolers skipped into view, dressed in red leggings and green jackets. They fell into a clumsy bit of choreography, made mostly of swinging arms and half-formed kicklines that still managed to leave the child audience starstruck.
“The things thrive off of human energy. What better place to set up shop than a place where everyone’s happy, all the time?”
There was also the cassette tape he had gotten for Cas. It was a collection of David Bowie’s biggest hits, mostly because the angel had gotten such a kick out of "Space Oddity" the first time he listened to it. God knew Cas still had a ways to go in his music education, but Dean was more than happy to help him out.
The case had popped up early that morning. Just three hours from them, in a city called Evergreen Bend, seven fires had been reported at the town's annual Christmas Festival. After doing more digging, they had also found that during the festival’s construction an engineer had died in a freak accident after landing back first on some antler decorations. It was just enough weird to grab their attention, and Dean figured they could drive in and gank whatever this thing was before it managed to kill again.
Cas raised his hand, sending another flash of light towards the yeti. It grew in intensity until Dean was forced to look away, listening to the strangled growls of the imp before it finally faded away into silence.
The case had been Charlie’s idea anyway, which was why the disappointing scowls Sam kept throwing his way since early that morning felt, frankly, unfair. It was her computer program that had alerted them about the hunt. Charlie had reassured them she would look after Kevin in their absence, having grown close with the kid over her stay with them since the whole Moondor incident.
Dean wracked his memory, “Yeah, you mean the gold ones with the uh, weird loopy stuff drawn on them?”
It had been Sam’s idea to turn on the Christmas tree, a task which had resulted in them spending about ten minutes looking for the thing’s switch. When they finally found it, the tree had flickered to life, washing the room in a warm glow that just might have made the whole hassle worth it.
“Folks, we’d like to evacuate the area. Please, in an orderly fashion, walk to the nearest exit…” a voice called out. Dean locked eyes with Sam across the disorganized crowd, jerking his head towards one of the exits.
It opened to reveal a small courtyard with people milling around and sipping hot chocolate. Up ahead, Dean could also see the reindeer stables, little kids leaning over the wooden fences to pet the giant things and feed them pellets from paper cups.
“Yeah…” Dean muttered, stuffing his hands into his jacket pockets. He braced himself for the inevitable question.
Cas glanced back at where the yeti had been. “My grace only weakened it, much as the silver bullets you two shot it with did. The imp will need a while to recover, but it will return.”
He thought desperately. He listened as the stampede faded towards the other side of the festival grounds.
There was the sound of plastic clanking together, loud and obnoxious. Dean did a double-take when he saw Sam smirk at a green cassette in his hand.
Sam frowned, narrowing his eyes at the newspaper headlines in his hands. “Damn, we really could have used his help on this one. What about Christmas, have you asked him what his plans are?”
As Mariah Carey jumped into her first chorus, Dean grabbed a nearby candy cane, gripping the metal decoration with both hands. He raised it to block the first blow from the nutcracker with clenched teeth. Using his weight, he threw the mannequin forward, sending it tumbling backward only to be replaced with two more.
Castiel nodded, still looking solemn. “I’m sorry again, Dean. If I had gotten your call I would have been able to help you with the case sooner.”
“Coming right up,” she said, giving Dean a glance over before turning to take Sam’s order. When she was done, she headed back towards the kitchens.
Sam gazed down at it in bewilderment, “Uh… Wow, okay, just like that? Thanks, Cas,” he laughed nervously. “So now we just...break it?”
The angel stiffened with the first brush of their lips, sending Dean’s brain immediately into a repetition of,
Just as Sam and Dean started to regain their breath, a low growl rumbled from behind them. Grimacing, they both slowly turned around. Dean gaped at the mass of white fur and bulking muscle marching towards them with slow, thundering steps.
Dean froze. Down the barrel of his gun, a dozen set of wide eyes stared back at him, the smell of manure and wet hay filling Dean’s nose. Up in the rafters, the imp grinned down at him with sharp yellow teeth. Anxiously, one of the reindeer let out a sad neigh.
He grimaced as he caught sight of the imp as it scuttled into the line of trees, its movements jerky and quick like a cockroach. Its spindly body was made up of long, thin limbs and an angular torso with large, pointed ears attached to a wide-shaped head. It made wheezing gasps that Dean could barely make out. It sounded almost like
“There are tons of myths about them, but the common threads I found were… hang on.” Dean heard the shuffling of paper, using the time to pull out their silver bullets and start loading some guns, the phone pressed between his shoulder and ear.
Just as Dean opened his mouth, there was the shrill sound of metal grating against metal. Dean’s hands flew towards the gun in his pocket on instinct, giving the area a quick scan. Another metallic screech followed louder this time, finally catching the attention of the dancers and audience members as they looked wearily around them.
“So, you think...maybe, some dude out there summoned the thing and bound it to one of those Christmas ornaments we saw earlier, only to realize his Gizmo had turned into a gremlin?”
Sam just gave him a look, lifting his eyebrows. Dean scoffed, pushing away and doing a quick patdown of his clothes to make sure the twerps hadn’t pickpocketed him.
In fact, Dean was ready to turn around and drop Sam right back off at the bunker, the entire case be damned. There were only so many bathroom breaks a guy could take, and when Dean had finally refused to pull over after the fifth one, Sam had decided to change tactics by flicking through Baby's cassette tapes and voice his loud opinion on all of them. It was a petty move for sure, but in this passive-aggressive game they were playing Dean was more of the long-haul type of guy. Sam could poke and prod all he liked, but Dean refused to bite.
“Aw, c’mon, that’s just creepy,” Dean muttered. There was a flash of movement up ahead and Dean glanced over, eyes frantically scanning the dark shadows for a glimpse of -
Eventually, they came to a small wooden shack in the middle of the forest. They went in slowly. On their guard. There wasn't much inside. A rusted old spade. A rake with the handle sharpened to a point. A pair of dirty gardening gloves.
Cas stopped checking in on Sam after that. With Sam, Cas felt too worried about his insomnia to disturb any sleep he might get, but Dean worried him. He slept hard, always seemingly plagued with nightmares and shoulders tensed with worry. He couldn’t seem to rest though he was asleep.
Meanwhile, the dinner dishes were stacked in the Bunker’s kitchen sink, grease congealing along Dean’s burger pans and ketchup crusting to every plate. Dean wipes his hands on a dish towel and throws it onto the counter behind him. He turns around to find that Jack is eating milk and cookies. Two more dishes that he’ll have to deal with. With a roll of his eyes he picks up Jack’s empty cookie plate to clean it off quickly so maybe he can get to bed. At the map table in the other room, Sam is still agonizing over some books, rereading anything that might give them an advantage over Chuck.
Sam pours himself a glass of water from the kitchen sink. Cas enters the kitchen. He isn’t surprised to see Sam up this early. He has seen him out the door on a jog even earlier than this before. Sam has his workout clothes on, so maybe he did just get back from running. Either that, or he is on his way out now.
“In all of my years of knowing Dean, I have only heard him tell one other person he loves them. Sam. But Dean does care about you. He shows it by teaching you to shuffle cards and insisting you listen to his music. It’s subtle. But it’s there. And it’s just as full of love as words would be to you and me.”
Back at the Bunker, Sam is showing Eileen the new system he set up for hunting. He reorganized all of the FBI phones and made a database for all of the hunters and monsters on the radar.
“I brought Cas back the moment I left you and Sam. It was the first thing I did. I’m not sure why he hasn’t returned to you.”
“Well I was thinking, when you made that deal with the empty, they said a moment of true happiness would summon her.”
Sam smiles and looks down like a teenager that gets asked who they like in Truth or Dare. “We’re good. We’re taking it slow. How’s Dean sleeping?”
“Well?” Dean doesn’t really want to repeat himself. Besides seeing visions, I can somewhat identify feelings, too. I’m not sure how. I just seem to know.
Dean plunged straight into purgatory, his home away from home, without looking back. Cas saunters begins him looking rather blank.
"Dean. I love you like a brother. So let me tell you a few things. Firstly, if you can find a way to get your head out of your ass, I'll tell you about my magic garden that will grow these plants in about ten minutes. After that, if you're done bein' a damn idiot, I might help with what's goin' on here."
Jack frowned. “It won’t be like it was when Chuck was in charge. I promise nothing bad will happen to you, Becky. But I have a lot to fix. There are people out there, people you don’t know about, that are counting on you to write this down for them. If you don’t, Chuck’s ending is all that they will see. I can’t explain all of it. Please help me make this right.”
Sometimes he wishes that Dean could always be like this, as soft and as vulnerable as he is in his sleep. Sleep casts the shadow of innocence that was stolen from him by his father and the apocalypse and all the rest. Still, Dean wouldn’t want him to stay too long. He walks quietly out of the room, careful to not make his coat swish too much.
"He only stayed because it's part of Chuck's story," Dean said, referencing the story he told Benny earlier.
They checked the shed, but Cas wasn't there. They went around purgatory, Benny taking the lead. Night fell, so Dean and Benny made camp outside. Benny quickly fell into a comfortable sleep for the first time in years since Dean was there to keep watch.
“Got no time for spreading roots. The time has come to be gone. And though our health we drank a thousand times. It’s time to ramble on.”
“I’ll bet. I texted Dean that I’m only a phone call away to join this fight. He ignored me. But C’mon! God! That’s the ultimate hunt!”
Sam looked at the sight before him. Dean with a gun in his hand. Cas with several bullet holes in his trenchcoat. It didn’t take him long to put it together. “I’m going back to bed.”
“I’m getting too old to keep doing this.” he accidentally said out loud yet in the habitual way of looking at Eileen so she could read his lips. “I can’t abandon the job. But with Chuck out of the way, maybe I can transition into being like Bobby. I want to look out for our friends, but I don’t think I want to go on jobs anymore. I don’t know. Do you ever think about leaving the life?”
Cas can’t help but think about another night, a hand on his shoulder, a street light shining and reflecting the green eyes in front of him.
"Again, brother.  That's life. You're in your forties. You were going to lose your parents anyway. But in all those losses you mentioned, who stuck around and put up with your ass?Made it back to you through purgatory? Through death even?"
“As good as they can be under the circumstances. This thing with Chuck,” Cas sighs, “It’s so complicated.”
For the record, he tends to video chat Eileen around five when she gets up in the morning. That is what has been keeping him. Sam would be lying if he said he still didn’t think about the demon blood, though. The power it gave him. Often on hunts he finds himself wishing he had those abilities again. Any time he gets thrown around by demon minion #4 he tries, just a little, to use his mind like he used to. It doesn’t work without the blood anymore. He almost digs out his keys and his demon blade to hunt down some defenseless demon. To calm himself down, he thinks about Crowley. Crowley’s human blood addiction that paralleled his own problems so well keeps him steady. He doesn’t want to have anything in common with Crowley despite their (friendship?) ending on reasonably good terms.
Dean had crammed the last one in his mouth as he turned the lock on their door and opened it with a quick shove. When his eyes fell on the corner of the room, he immediately choked.
Dean remembered the ribbing he got from Charlie as she brimmed with excitement over meeting him, her enthusiasm making Dean feel weirdly embarrassed. Nerves had jumbled in his chest, but in a good way; a way that made him reach for the phone to call Cas again and give it one more shot, his pride be damned.
Sam smoothly closed the laptop, sliding it across the table to make room for the plates of steaming food Betty placed before them. The cheeseburger made Dean’s mouth water.
“Alright, Sam, find us a diner somewhere,” Dean ordered. He reversed his Baby out of the motel’s parking lot, giving a mental goodbye to the place before pulling them onto the main road. Beside him, Dean saw Sam pull out his phone with a quick side glance.
“There we go! Eggnog, a plastic Christmas tree, hell, we can even see what movies are playing. How does that sound?”
“That’s okay, Mrs. Goldsmith,” Sam reassured her. “We appreciate your time. If we have any more questions, we’ll be in touch,” he nodded.
Dean’s mind flickered back to the second phone call he had made just days ago. He had dialed it after being three beers deep with a conversation with Charlie. He’d been on just the right side of buzzed, the alcohol feeling warm and pleasant in his stomach and nothing like the punishing hard stuff he was used to.
“My prayers-?” Dean asked. He shook his head, staring at Cas and feeling still slightly dazed, “Dude, what about the phone calls? I called you like three times!”
He took a sip of the whiskey, focusing on the familiar burn down his throat and into his chest. He walked up to look out the window, catching the last of the sun’s rays turn the sky a brilliant pink then fade into a softer purple. Across the parking lot, Dean watched as the motel’s Christmas lights flickered quietly to life, casting green, red, and orange shadows on the black metal of Baby’s hood.
“Everybody, over here! This way, c’mon,” Dean shouted, using his arms to direct the dancers off stage as the flames licked higher. One by one, the dancers rushed off, some crying and others still in shock as they were herded towards their families in the audience. Dean had to give the festival props for their security because it was only seconds later that someone came running over, dousing the flames with a fire extinguisher.
“Jesus, I thought I was gonna keel over in there,” he gasped. He glared back at the reindeer stables as they walked away.
A few questions with the employees led them to the Goldsmiths who were apparently looking after the reindeer stables. When they arrived, it was to see the older couple shoveling fresh hay as a few of reindeer mulled around, seeking shelter from the cold outside. After introducing themselves as journalists, the couple had been more than enthusiastic to talk.
When he shifted the car back into gear, it was to pass more storefronts decorated extravagantly for the holidays. The further they got into town, the denser the decorations became till finally every door and window was lined with tinsel and string lights. Above the main road, a banner draped overhead with the words, “Season's Greetings” spelled out in elaborate cursive.
Dean spotted it a second later. One of the overhead lights was swinging precariously from its hinges before snapping off, tumbling towards the dancers below. A girl leaped out of the way just in time as it crashed in an explosion of metal and glass. There were screams and worried cries as the light suddenly burst into flames.
Smiling to himself, Dean revved Baby’s engine, feeling the purr of it in his hands as he drove them towards home.
When Sam caught up with him, he was slightly out of breath, “What the hell was that? Did you even see anything?”
“We scoured almost every thrift shop in the entirety of western Kansas, didn’t we?” Mary laughed. Dean pounced on the piece of information.
They waited in line to get the green wristbands that approved their entry, shuffling behind crowded families and couples holding hands as Christmas music blared over the megaphone speakers overhead.
Had Dean visited this place as a kid, he could admit he’d probably been just as awed by the commercialized hype. But here he was, past thirty, and all the sounds and smells just gave him a headache.
“Have you talked to Cas at all?” Sam asked suddenly. The question caught Dean off-guard and he carefully cleared his throat.
“So what I hear is we go at this thing with every silver weapon we got and try to smash whatever ornament it's bound to.”
“You heard the man,” he nodded. Looking between them, Sam shrugged then dropped it on the ground. It shattered into the pieces. He then dug his heel into the remains, snuffing it out for good measure.
“Look, Dean, we’re here to do a job, yeah? Right now, we’re stuck. But we might have someone who can
The diner they stopped at had red leather booths and a waitress who winked in Dean’s direction when they first sat down. Like every other thing in this town, the diner was flounced to the max in Christmas decorations because apparently even ordering a burger had to be a festive occasion.
Sam continued, “For all that power though they aren’t necessarily evil. Most of what I read just describes them as being impulsive and prankish. All those random fires at the festival, by the way? Turns out that’s kind of their thing, like their calling card or something.”
If the ache in Dean’s bones meant anything, it was that Charlie’s computer program might be a little
Dean slammed the candy cane at another’s face, denting the plastic and landing a solid kick into another. Knowing he was outnumbered, Dean spun around and started to run, knocking over a gift display behind him.
Dean winced, knowing he had set himself up for that one. For shits and giggles, he decided to act dumb and started playing with his paper napkin.
“Isn’t that like, presumptuous or something?” he asked, flailing his hand at the thing, “Are they allowed to do that?”
As far as kisses went, this one was surprisingly innocent. Dean didn’t try to pull any fancy tricks and instead just focused on the gentle slide of their lips as they tentatively chased after one another. When Dean tasted the eggnog they'd been drinking it made him smile, breaking this kiss. As he leaned back, it was to the pleasant sight of Cas blinking rapidly in shock, staring at Dean as if he’d gone mad.
“So yeah, we could have used you on this case," Dean admitted, "Having a guy with an arc reactor at his fingertips isn’t exactly a bad call.”
“Merry Christmas, boys,” Mary cooed as both Sam and Dean turned to leave. As the doors shut behind them, Dean took a huge gulp of fresh air.
The nutcracker’s arm suddenly wrenched itself forward, the second arm following suit. Next came the legs, each joint creaking as if being awakened from a deep slumber. Around it, other nutcrackers were doing the same, dozens of the things being sparked to life by the imp's magic. Their painted, unseeing eyes all locked onto Dean.
The phone blared to life, vibrating against the covers. Dean fumbled with his glass, tossing it somewhere near his feet, as he scrambled for the answer button, clicking it on and lifting it to his ear.
Jumping the fence was laughably easy. Once inside, they found themselves by the main entrance where Dean slugged off his duffle bag and divided the guns and knives between them. Next, he pulled out the bottle of kerosene, weighing it in his hand before catching the look on his brother’s face.
Cas frowned, his hands drifting towards his pockets before pulling out the burner phone Dean had given him a few weeks after their last case. Cas poked at some of the buttons, frowning further before sheepishly sliding it back into his coat.
The yeti reared upwards, bringing its hands up into fists and getting ready to bring them down when a sudden blast wave hit them from behind. Dean watched as the yeti stumbled backward, cowering away in fear. Feeling something like hope blossom in his chest, Dean grinned.
It was the morning of Christmas Eve and three hours into their drive when Dean decided he was ready to kick Sam out of the car.
“You run a wonderful festival, Mrs. Goldsmith, and I’m sure our readers will love to hear about it,” Sam assured her. “I couldn’t help but notice how much thought you put into the decorations here. Those gold ornaments on the main tree, where did you get them?”
All that time he had spent aching over those missed calls, the issue really boiled down to the fact that...Cas had just forgotten to plug the damn thing in.
They both emptied their rounds into the creature, each shot sending it stumbling back. By the time they were firing blanks, the yeti was already righting itself back up. It stretched to its fullest height, sneering at them with a growl. Dean unsheathed his silver knife, gripping it as he stared the creature down.
“I’m not just talking about the case here, man,” Dean sighed, shaking his head, “Although don’t get me wrong, if you had been here earlier I probably wouldn’t have had my ass almost handed to me by a lawn ornament,” he laughed, trying to ease away the defeated expression on Cas's face.
Sam stepped forward, “I was actually hoping you could help us with that,” he said sheepishly. He pointed at the tree behind them, “Can you tell if any of those ornaments are the object he’s bound to?”
“Oh this is ridiculous,” Dean muttered, pulling at the wristband the teenage worker had put on too tight. The thing was cutting off his circulation. “We just spent twenty dollars to listen to shitty musical jingles and to look at Mr. Pinnochio over here,” he said, giving one of the giant plastic nutcrackers a flick on its red nose.
“It’s more of a human tradition,” Cas admitted, sounding slightly embarrassed. Dean slung his arm around the angel’s shoulders, leading the three of them towards the exit.
His gaze fell on a line of plastic life-size nutcrackers. Dean threw himself towards them, scrambling to lean his back against one of them. He gasped for air, his heart pounding. He swallowed thickly, leaning his head back and shutting his eyes as he listened to the sound of clamoring hooves and frenzied whinnies rush past.
“Today wasn’t the first time I tried to call you. I tried calling you weeks ago before we needed help on any stupid case or whatever,” Dean confessed, reeling at how much the admission felt like a weight had lifted from his shoulders, “I want you here, Cas. Case or no case, I just want you
Dean gnawed his lip, hating the logic behind Sam’s words. He looked around them, watching as a mother wiped the crumbs off her daughter’s chin. By the reindeer stables, a little boy squealed as one of the reindeer ate a carrot from his palm, his older sister showing him the proper way to hold his fingers and smiling at his wide-eyed excitement.
“Look, I want to run by the library and see if there’s any last-minute research I can do. Since it’s almost Christmas, I'll even give you a rain-check on this one. How about you do a supplies-check back at the motel and give Cas a call?”
“But here’s the weird part. It says here that they can only cross into the human realm if they’re summoned and then bound to some sort of object.”
“You’d be looking for Mary and Seth Goldsmith. This close to Christmas, I’d imagine you’d find them running the festival. The event is their passion project and they’re always so meticulous about the details. It’s why we look forward to it every year,” she said brightly.
Dean blinked, slowing for a couple as they crossed the street with shopping bags dangling from their arms. “I dunno man,” he said uncomfortably, “it just doesn’t feel like us.”
marathon when they’d somehow gotten onto the topic of Cas. Cas, who was an angel of the Lord who had rescued Dean from Hell yet never managed to wear his tie right, and who had kept stopping for pigeons that time Dean had tried to teach him to drive.
Since it was still too early to check out the festival grounds after-hours, Dean pulled them up to a McDonald's drive-thru with its lights on to grab them a quick and greasy dinner.
“And we see who the gremlin latches onto first,” Dean confirmed. He gave Sam a two-finger salute before turning around.
“That’s good enough for me. So now we all we have to do is just...track down some rogue reindeer and clean up this mess,” he sighed, turning to look at the carnage behind them.
The two had been in the middle of making cookies when they picked up. A few minutes into the conversation, it was Kevin had also sheepishly admitted that he and Charlie had apparently crammed a Christmas tree through the bunker’s doors in their absence. Dean had just laughed, promising them they’d stop by the store on the way in and he’d cook them all up a proper Christmas dinner with turkey and pie, his own hands itching to use the bunker's full-scale kitchen. Charlie had pounced on the idea, telling them that they would have to open presents first because her gift to Dean may or may not have been cooking-related.
