Dean looked like he was going to say something. He opened his mouth and closed it again. Then- oh fuck.
Naturally, it was a different time. Dean’s dick twitched at the prospect of Cas fucking him, especially over his desk. Hmmm. Dean just about damn drooled at the picture his imagination was drawing up. His boyfriend’s dom brow was bound to make an appearance. Yes, that sounded nice.
When the movie was over, there was still time before Emma’s bed time. Sam had her shower and get ready for bed and there was still an hour and a half until he could even try to put the eight year old to bed.
After explaining that Dean hadn’t meant calling Castiel a dumbass as an insult the man agreed to meet Dean at a bar after they had showered at their own respective motel rooms.
“Of course.” Castiel rolled his eyes. “You just said something patronizing disguised in a bad pop culture reference.”
“Your face is stressing me out.” But Dean sat down anyway. His leg bounced up and down but Sam picked and chose his battles and wisely decided to take the win.
“Cas was able to call me on speed dial so I heard some of it.” Sam shrugged. “Put together the message that my dumbass brother needed saving.”
“That-“ Castiel cut himself off. That did sound like Dean. “It’s too late anyway, tickets are sold out. We’ll go next year.”
“Don’t judge a dish by it’s looks, honeybee.” Dean scooped some of it on to a fork, blowing on it before holding it up to Cas’ lips. “Secret family recipe: Winchester Surprise.”
Needless to say Cas’ pink hair was the talk of the school on Monday. But what really stole the gossiping student body’s attention was the bright blue tips in Dean Winchester’s hair.
“Shut up.” If Dean kept picking at this thread he was going to start a hole in his jeans. Where these his favorites? He couldn’t remember.
“Yeah, I put that together.” Sam eyed Cas’ jacket that still sat on the table. “Thanks.” Sam shot Cas with a look Dean wasn’t awake enough to read.
Dean just sighed and nodded. He kissed Cas again. He checked the time glumly. They walked together to the front door together.
Dean felt a strange feeling in his chest. It definitely wasn’t the hang over. Like a man, or more accurately, like a Winchester, Dean shoved it down and turned the impala towards home.
Dean pulled them into a kiss. His tongue played with Cas’ lip piercing. Cas groaned into Dean’s mouth, who swallowed it hungrily. Their kiss became sloppy. Teenage lust and hormones took over. There were teeth and too much tongue. It was perfect.
“You won’t.” Sam said those words with the same certainty he had when he stated facts out of books. “And hey, if it goes sideways I’ll be right here, and you can give me a big I told you so, we’ll get some pie, and get the hell out of dodge.”
“Yeah, fever broke a few days ago.” Dean sipped at his beer. “Why? You gotta job for us? Sam’s still on that thing you sent him on.”
She wore a deep green dress that hung to her knees in the front and to the floor in the back. It was sparkly and the skirt had a emerald tule. In short she looked like a…what was the Harry Potter thing? Like a Slytherin princess.
“It’s a gift.” Dean said cheekily before going back to sucking a dark bruise into the bolt of Cas’ jaw.
The office was small and quiet. There was a middle aged woman with big blonde hair typing behind a desk and a row of chairs against the wall. In one of the chairs was his niece with her chin seemingly glued to her chest. She was chewing on her thumb nail.
Dean collapsed on to the bed, panting. His thighs ached and so did his ass. The orgasm had been worth the aches and pains. Fuck, they were always worth it, but it was something special when the mob boss let him ride that perfect cock.
“I know you are. Dean is still going to call tonight just like he always does and he’ll talk to you then. He just wanted to give you some time to calm down.”
When Emma stopped shaking and her sobs turned to sniffles Sam pulled back. “How about pizza for supper, yeah?” He gently pushed her hair out of her face.
Dean got his revenge. Sam’s face got a dick drawn on it in his sleep with a sharpie. The next day at the office Cas had not found the artwork as amusing. His boyfriend did find the hearts and dicks Dean had artistically turned into skulls and guns hilarious. The joke was on him because Dean taped a sign that read Property of Dean Winchester on his back.
Dean shook off the thought. He needed to focus so he didn’t end up vamp chow. His daughter would most likely definitely not be happy about that. Nor would Bobby, or Dad, or Sam if anyone every got a hold of him.
“Good. It felt weird at first but now it’s good.” Dean groaned as Castiel ran his thumbnail over his slit of his cock. “You can add another one.”
“Well, gentlemen,” Crowley stood and Cas and Dean followed, “I’m glade we were able to come to an agreement.”
Dean, all too aware of his eye color, couldn’t hold the heavy gaze. He didn’t even try. In his thirty years on the planet he had learned to pick his battles, normally it was all of them. Some you didn’t necessarily want to win, no matter how fun it was to fight.
“Thank you, Dean.” Something flashed in Dean’s features that Castiel didn’t ha e the people skills to figure out.
Cas pulled his fingers from Dean’s mouth before promptly sticking one into his ass. Dean moaned, Cas’ fingers feeling better than Dean’s toys.
At Sam’s nudging, Emma began walking down the aisle, tossing flower petals as she went. She looked so grown up and happy in her little light blue dress and her hair done up in sparkly bows.
“Hmm.” Cas hummed and poked at the are around the wound, watching Dean’s face and body language for pain.
Dean took hamburger from the freezer and began working with the meat. Castiel watched, content in the silence.
Cas crawled on to him and sealed their lips together. Dean’s hands came up to wind his fingers into those wild dark locks. Their naked cocks rubbed together causing Dean’s entire nervous system to look like a fucking Fourth of July fireworks display.
“Yeah, it’s something I’ve been kind of thinking about since you mentioned it, and now I just think, yeah, I want to marry him. I mean he lives with us already, so it wouldn’t be that much of a change.”
Dean could only let out a grunt of  acknowledgment. He shoved his nose into the hickey covered crook of his boyfriend’s neck. He threw an arm around the sweaty waist and burrowed impossibly close. He’d brutally murder just about anyone who said it but Dean was a cuddler, especially after good sex. And fuck him if it wasn’t good sex.
“Yes, I know the wound isn’t life threatening.” Cas said bitterly, glaring at the bullet as if it had personally offended him.
“Done.” Emma looked like she was about to squirm out of her skin if Dean made her sit for a moment longer so he nodded and she was gone in a flash.
Cas was hunched over on his knees. Dirt was smeared around his nose and sweat shined from his brow. He looked stunning in the late morning  sun. All Dean wanted to do was curl into a ball next to him and block out the world.
“Dean, for the-“ Cas sighed in exasperation. “Don’t antagonize anyone and don’t get into anymore trouble than you already are.
“I didn’t give it.” The man got in his ugly Lincoln. “Goodbye, Winchester.” The car had disappeared before Dean realized he hadn’t told the hunter his name.
“Sorry, Dean but when the creative juices start flowing, you can’t stop them.” Mrs. Winchester’s eyes landed on Castiel. “You must be Castiel. I’ve heard a lot about you.”
“Come on, I’ve got an idea.” Cas’ got that wicked smirk on his face that could make Dean do just about anything
“Alright.”  Crowley’s eye twitched. A small twinge of satisfaction twisted in Dean knowing he was the one making the leader of one of the most notorious mob groups in the United States uneasy.
There were four chairs in a row with about three or so inches of space between them lined up in front of the principal’s desk. Emma promptly took the seat on the end, leaving Sam to sit next to Axel’s glaring mother. He subtly shifted his chair a little closer towards Emma.
Finally they were inside and Dean didn’t take a second to glance at the room. He was too busy moaning loudly as Cas slammed him up against the closed bedroom door and pressing their bodies together. Cas’ hands were back at the meat of Dean’s ass and their lips were locked together. A thick thigh slotted itself between Dean’s bow legs and who was Dean to not grind against it.
Cas looked out at the field, the wind tangled its fingers through his dark hair in a way that made Dean almost jealous. He swallowed the nausea that was creeping up his throat. He took a deep breath.
“No, but it would be nice for you to know someone when you move half way across the country.” Mary faked a sniffle. “Away from your poor mother.”
Before he could over think it, he stepped out of impala and headed for the tall office building. Dean bypassed the front desk where Meg was working then Cas’ personal secretary’s desk. Meg was used to Dean bursting into Cas’ office unannounced.
As soon as they were inside, Cas and Dean raced upstairs to the bathroom. Dean really wanted a heavy make out session, but he could not deal with the salty taste of terrible hot dogs. As quickly as the could they brushed their teeth.
Shit. Which was Castiel supposed to choose? Was there a right option? Castiel had no fucking idea so went for the option that he thought would make Dean the most comfortable. Castiel sat at the desk chair, he opened his legs and straddled the back of the chair.
Cas leaned into him until Dean lost his balance and they fell to the ground. The broke apart laughing. Dean stared into Cas’ watery eyes and couldn’t help but think they were more beautiful than the stars above.
The punch was indeed spiked. The chaperons had to remake it and interrupted the DJ to tell people that alcohol was bad and not to corrupt the refreshments. The new batch of punch was spiked not three songs later.
“I mean it was dark, but I thought that was from being down there for so long. I thought it’d go away and heaven would heal it.”
Dean almost ran over Stephanie, a mom of one of the kids from Emma’s second grade class last year. Her big hair was an artificial off red and paired with skin tight jeans and a flowy, plunging blouse.
“I love you too.” Dean choked out. “You stupid idiot, don’t ever do that again. You hear me? I love you and I never want-“
“I’d like that.” Castiel’s smile turned wild, he couldn’t control it. “I know a diner that has great pie.”
Cas was standing there, waiting for Dean. He was gorgeous and perfect looking. Tears welled up in Dean’s eyes.
“Yup,” came an unexpected reply from a very familiar voice, one that he had heard many times and that he hoped to hear many more again. And indeed there he was, sitting down on a porch like the old man he was.
What followed was a pregnant pause, a heavy silence that could rupture Dean’s eardrums, if they just kept it going any longer. Again, the stalemate they were in, thick and painful and hurting both of them at the same time. Again, Dean couldn’t speak or retort anything other than a quick nod of his head, probably barely visible from his hutched position but that still managed to convey his message. He was afraid that, the moment he would open his mouth, all of his unsaid words would leave him, revealing truths that should stay buried, because he might change Castiel’s mind if he said something. He could defend himself with his words, but that wasn’t what he wanted.
Nevertheless, he had thought about all of the possibilities, deciding that the fortuitous outcome was going to beat every single downside. And, even if he did die, at least he would’ve been able to see his smile once more.
But after having killed the unkillable and defeated the all-powerful forces of the Universe? Now, regular monsters were almost ordinary.
One day, he met the son of his employer, a boy in one of his classes, that was also quiet and preferred solitude. Unwillingly, the two boys hit it off right away, hanging out in and outside of school, studying together and even spending their free times in each other’s company. One thing led to the other and before Dean knew it, he had fallen. Hard.
That was, after all, the way he did fall asleep almost every night, safe in the arms of his angel and holding on for dear life.
back. Okay? You’re gonna bring back Cas, you’re gonna bring back Mom, you’re gonna bring ‘em all back. All of ‘em. Even Crowley.”
They were very enabling, especially towards the things that Marie Kondo-ed sparked joy in Dean’s life, but so was the rest of his family. In the end, they all wanted the same thing: for Dean to be happy, even when he refused to grasp happiness himself.
Despite having a different version on Earth, Dean couldn’t help himself but miss the old and grumpy man that had raised him. Bobby Singer had taught him how to be a boy before he was a soldier, how to be a man before he was a weapon. He was the one that bothered to learn his comfort foods and that took him to play games and to doctor check-ups, when John left him and Sammy at his place for days or weeks or months.
It didn’t matter if Castiel had said those words to encourage him, to fool him, or because he truly meant them. They were out, in the open, and their strengthening effect wasn’t going anywhere.
"Okay, then it's settled! My treat, hot wings" replied Dean with a smile, suddenly happy and excited about it all over again. That until Cas asked one simple question: "Isn't it male human custom to pay for their romantic counterparts?"
He leaned against the tree with his full weight, axe thrown to the ground as he tried to breathe. He wouldn’t cry, he couldn’t let the dam crack and destroy him, no matter how much he wanted to. Cas was gone, definitely so. There was no getting him back this time, not even the all-powerful half-angel kid that Heaven was looking for could do it, and it was all his fault. That bitch angel was right.
“You know,” he said, once they were back in the main room, Dean resuming his readings while Miracle laid next to him, resting his old bones, “I have always thought that I’d die young, in full guns out glory. But maybe not anymore, right?”
Airplanes and storms, those were tangible fears, real, and they still terrified him for obvious reasons. He had been stuck inside a dirty motel room while the Heavens rained down one too many times growing up, jumping up at every stroke of lightning, and the thought of being so far up in the sky, completely out of his element and with the voyage totally out of his control, made his stomach sick.
"Considering she is probably more than 300 years old and considering that female might have not been her gender when she was alive, I do not believe the term '
Not that he would feel anything in that situation, too far gone. But that was what wishful thinking was for.
Not that his son would have let him rot down there forever, Dean like to think that he had raised the kid better than that. He was sure he would have pulled a page from Castiel’s book, if they came down to it.
“I had no other choice,” he calmly explained once his heartbeat had gotten back to a steady rhythm, ready to spend his last moments on Earth with the man he loved and cherished, “I was selfish, I didn’t want to waste a single moment with you. And I let you think that I didn’t want you, but I will always want you.”
Sammy just looked at him with pride and awe swelling his eyes, as if he was still the easily impressionable three years old that fell for every one of Dean’s jokes and tricks that made him eat his dinner without a fuzz. “You did it!” he happily exclaimed, clumping his hand tightly over his shoulder in lieu of a hug.
” his head screamed, bringing him back to the real world. He was nothing but an ant, a useless hunter who sucked at his job, a screwed-up mess.
Years. He had wasted years hiding from those that loved him and that cared about him unconditionally.
“Do whatcha wanna!” he quickly said, getting under the bed covers in one fluid motion and bringing them over his ears, despite the warmth in the room. He called a swift ‘
He would still be alive and whole and holy, if Dean hadn’t shown up to ruin his life. It was his fault he had fallen, it was his ass that he had saved in Hell, it was all because of him. He had died because of him and now Dean didn’t know how to live with himself.
They maintained a comfortable silence, Dean too preoccupied in his own introspection to keep the conversation going. If it could be considered a conversation and not just a train-wreck on fire going straight towards a broken bridge standing in the middle of a 200 feet fall.
Curiosity won him over. His mind started to fill with questions, but he tried to stay on track on the matter at hand.
He would close his eyes forever, as he felt the energy leave his body for the last time, and he would meet a reaper that would escort him either up or down, depending on how he had behaved.
They were both frozen in time and space, in a stalemate, unable to go back to what once was and to move forward into what could be.
But Dean wasn’t foolish and stupid, he knew better by now, he knew that no matter what he felt, he might not be always corresponded.
His head was spinning and spiralling, crushing him down as he gently kept on cradling Castiel in his arms, his heart sinking with each minute that passed without a response from the angel. Former angel, he reminded himself, choking on his unshed tears, his breathing becoming more and more erratic as he tried to keep them at bay.
They were so close he could practically taste the air, such a stark contrast with the nothingness of the Empty.
He had bothered Sam for ages about how disorganised their classification system was, but they never had had the time to fix it by switching to Dewey’s decimal system. Now, Dean could finally remedy, once he had his Angel back.
He was not wrong. Castiel did again the infamous head tilt, slightly squinting his blue eyes as if he needed glasses to see. "For your first sentence, I would suggest proceeding with caution; several black eyes demons are quite powerful. For the latter one, I am sorry to admit that I do not know of any '
“I would prefer if you didn’t put my father nor Jack in this,” Cas puzzledly replied, causing Dean to hold on tighter as doubled over him and laughed to his heart’s content, his body shaking softly.
He had spent all of his life knowing that everyone would eventually leave him, getting sick of him and his bullshit, theory proven right by Sammy first and then by his father. Somehow, Castiel had stuck around the longest and Dean knew that it had been bliss, true and pure and unadulterated, the raw feeling of joy that he felt through his bones whenever the angel would remain with him, even if it was only because of work and supernatural related crap.
“Great!” he claimed, only to suddenly switch from a cheery tone to a serious one. “What about her?” he asked, jerking his chin toward the girl with a guarded gaze, as if he believed she might still attack him.
The first thought Dean had as he woke up, was to acknowledge the lack of a headache. It had become a routine, the morning after a job well done, or at least as well as Dean could’ve done it, to welcome the new day with his head practically throbbing from the previous night’s drinking. Somehow, this time, there was no such thing.
Still, Dean couldn’t look at him, couldn’t witness the way emotions must have been passing over his face. He didn’t want to see hopefulness get replaced by hurt, by anger, by sadness at the knowledge of Dean’s bargain. He couldn’t. So, he kept on staring blindly at nothing and everything at all, searching for the right words to convey his message as best as he could.
All unanswerable questions swarmed in his head and Dean just hoped he was enough for him, that he could be enough for his Angel. He gathered all his courage as he tried to ground himself, his mind full of images of Castiel smiling at him, drawing strength and comfort in the knowledge that they might be reunited soon. And then he whispered his strangled “
He hadn’t seen his Uncle in years, even when he got the Impala for his sixteenth birthday and was allowed semi-free will. Semi ‘cause it was always conditioned by his father’s whims. And his father had forbidden him to drive up to his Uncle’s, to seek refuge. Why would the man even let him in, after all that time?
The hunter gave him another lazy smile, moving the gear stick to accommodate a different velocity, and simply said: "Then just chill and tell me all I need to know about this demon, will ya?"
But nothing did happen. He was dead. Properly dead. And they had lost all of their wishes with the Universe, so there was no way of bringing him back one last time.
Not content, with his heart surrounded by barbed wire that stung whenever he dared to dream outside of his monotonous world, whenever he pretended he could ignore all of his problems, even for a little while. Actually happy, like he probably had never been, carefree and without the weight of the world resting on his shoulder. And Dean just let himself be in the moment, forcing his mind to stay in the present without worrying about every impending doom and threat nearby, because, for once, he could.
supreme’ he thought to himself, trying to read the situation as well as another of his siblings would have.
Yet, he had feelings that needed to be expressed, emotions that needed to be felt and, yes, lips that needed to be kissed senselessly.
After all, he had learnt from first-hand experience that simply laying horizontally without moving was close enough, if not a more pleasant experience. Because sleeping meant dreaming and dreaming meant seeing Castiel’s tearful face as the Empty took him, over and over and over.
Would a portal appear, open up and lead him into the Empty, acting as a door to another dimension? Would he disappear and magically get transported there, wherever there was? Would he be alone, or would the Shadow take on someone’s form just to taunt him?
Dean was incredibly lucky he had already fallen in love with him on Earth, luckier that by some miracle his feelings might be corresponded, because he wouldn’t have stood a chance otherwise. One look at this Cas, this powerful being that radiated love and peace, and he would have combusted on the spot.
Hell, I didn’t want Castiel in my life! I was so angry and scared and fucking traumatised. It’s a good thing that we have shifter and vampire and wraith shrinks, otherwise I’d be locked up in some asylum. Along with most of y’all!
The other thing about Jimmy, he didn't bandage my bruises and injuries while telling me stories of archaic civilizations that he witnessed first had, only to distract me from the pain. And he could’ve, I used to skin my knees almost everyday when I was younger. He just… wasn’t there, not like that.
Castiel had always wanted more than his siblings, that had been the reason he truly fell in the first place, but he wanted what he could not have, not anymore.
“Are you alright, dear?” Rowena asked no one in particular, ignoring Sam’s protest at the sudden change of topic and looking directly at both him and Castiel, as if she had posed the question to the pair of them, although Dean couldn’t figure out why she would be asking such things to him.
But I did not understand what choking on the coffee meant the first time I called him Dad. I just asked him to pass me the cereals! And there he was, almost dying on me. Again!
He needed to scream, but with Sammy so near, he couldn’t. He was his big brother, after all, the one that never broke down, no matter how hard things might get. Yet, he still needed to let go part of the rage he could feel boiling under his skin, otherwise he might’ve exploded.
“What are you doing here?” a voice from behind him asked. He immediately turned around and fired three of the six bullets he had in the magazine, but they hit the door instead of crashing into a body. Whatever it was had disappeared out of thin air. Again, the first thing that popped into his mind were ghosts, but they never spoke whenever they appeared, at least to his knowledge, the room certainly hasn't dropped 30 degrees, and the voice was way too clear to belong to a spectre.
“Or maybe Cas and I could take one out of Ellen’s book and get a roadhouse. The possibilities are endless!”
If anyone would have told his 26 years old self, the one that had gone back to Sammy asking for help to find their father out of desperation and that couldn’t fathom a life in which he was fine, let alone happy, that in fifteen years he would be alive and practically retired from active field duty, manning the archives and essentially doing what Bobby had done for him in his first years alone, with two de facto kids basically following in his footsteps and being both pains in his ass and amongst the best things that had ever happened to him, while his
“De-“ But Dean was on a role. The pot he had tried to keep a lid on was boiling over and nothing was going to stop it, not even John Winchester’s sternest look.
If Cas did decide to break up, Dean may as well enjoy this last lay. This was how Dean convinced himself his plan could wait for Cas’ plan to finish. There were hot mouths kissing, sucking, biting, and licking. There were warm hands griping and sliding over flexed muscle and raised scars that marred smooth skin. It was hot and messy. Dean was grateful to get to taste Cas’ perfect dick for a possible last time. Getting his brains sucked through his own dick was also a definite bonus.
“What the hell is your problem?” Dean snapped out. “Do you realize that if you fail this next test you’re going to have to go to summer school?”
The little girl had gone into a panic attack after Dean was going to leave for the evening for a dinner date in the next town over. This had prompted a conversation about abandonment issues and other things that needed to be addressed. Dean had spent the night curled up on the couch watching Scooby Doo after texting an apology to Cas.
So the four of them found themselves in the living room. Emma curled into Dean’s side who was in turn leaning in Cas. Sam sprawled himself across the cushioned arm chair, his leg brushing Dean’s on the coffee table. Star Wars was playing but Dean couldn’t bring himself to pay attention. His eyes couldn’t help by watch the way the flashes of light from the lightsaber battles caught the silver ring on Cas’ finger, casting small beams of light.
“Emma is at an impromptu sleepover. I told Caroline it was a family emergency and she said it was no trouble.” Cas explained quickly. “You needed me tonight, here. I couldn’t-“
They laid there in silence for a little while. Castiel was dangerously close to falling asleep. He forced his eyes open and fumbled an arm around for his phone. Dean grumbled as he moved.
Dean, against popular belief, was only human, so he really couldn’t be judged by the whimper that escaped him. He rolled his hips upwards in an attempt to get some friction. Cas closed the little distance between their lips and his tongue curled  into Dean’s mouth.
Dean looked down at the one on his hip. The words Hey Jude scrawled across the skin. “My mom loved The Beetles, she used to sing Hey Jude to me and Sammy.”
“Never!” Cas tried to flip them over but couldn’t get the momentum so he was just flopping fruitlessly between Dean’s thighs. “I am one of the most powerful people in the state. I am feared. I am ruthless. You will face the wrath of my revenge.”
Dean’s shoulders sank. Something heavy rolled off him and hit the dirt. His tears dried in a sort of acceptance. “Alright Cas, you’re right. I, I don’t want him here. He doesn’t deserve to be here for what he did.”
Dean looked back and Sam was giving him a big grin and two thumbs up while Emma looked like she was about to burst out of her skin with excitement. He made a show of crossing his fingers and letting his anxiety show on his face. Once the door was closed behind them, Dean’s face was carefully schooled again.
What was he going to do after all this crap was over? Would it ever be over, his visions and Yellow Eyes? Sam couldn’t see the end, the light at the end of the tunnel. The bad just seemed to keep piling up. They had more questions than answers at this point.
“Wow.” Dean breathed out. Castiel was so glad he had chosen to go with the tux and not just dark jeans and a dress shirt. Dean’s flustered expressed of awe was so worth it.
“Of course.” Castiel smiled and sat in the passenger seat. Dean shut the door behind him before getting into the driver’s seat.
“I hate to do this, man. I do.” Sam could practically see his brother rubbing at the back of his neck. “But she’s going to get into some big trouble one day if she doesn’t stop, and I can’t…”
“Hello, Dean.” Fuck, Castiel was hot, all freshly showered, and wearing a navy shirt, grey and black flannel, and jeans.
Castiel had to admit his interest concerning the hunter: there was something unsettling about him, an ancient energy all around him that he could not decipher, but it all paled in comparison to the kind soul his eyes could see. He had not personally met many humans and did not hold conversations with them, yet he knew that none of those eventualities could reach the depth of small discussion with Dean Winchester. The hunter had unsettled him with his blunt words and had disarmed him with his clever mind, and the angel was pleasantly surprised by him.
“Look, they just wanted to have their quiet place back. Can’t really blame them, considering I’ve had to keep up with your snoring my entire life. So, they just chucked all of the angels and demons that were bothering them out of the Empty, back in this dimension.”
Instead, he chose to focus on her voice, calm and collected, as she explained in which order he was supposed to put the ingredients inside the bowl and when he needed to speak. She had told him that she would be able to do the spell herself, the risk of failing decidedly less daunting, but Dean had declined her offer: he was content playing the guinea pig, experimenting on his own skin, risking his own ass on the line, if it meant getting the love of his life back, alive and untouched.
Castiel stepped out of the shadows that concealed him, bringing Dean back to the reality, “Do not listen to her. Finish to read the Formula” he ordered, voice stone cold and impassable. He did as he was told mechanically, too used to that tone to argue. Not that he would ever, argue with an Angel or any authoritative figure anytime soon.
There were so many weapons scattered around the room, after all: the knife he had used to cut his hand for the rite, still speckled with his dried blood and left on a shelf as a memento of what had just happened; the chains that hung from the roof and walls, long enough to wrap around his neck in case it was necessary; the swords that were carelessly placed inside an umbrella holder next to the door, ready to be unsheathed and pierced through his hardened, painful, black heart.
It was one of Dean’s fondest memories: they had gotten up before the sunrise and he had helped Bobby pack their lunches, while the old man put everything in his truck; they had arrived by the lakes as the sun had just appeared, Dean shuffling deeper into his jacket to avoid the cold morning air as Bobby explained how to do everything; Dean, being the little know-it-all shit he still was, had claimed to be able to manage the pole without adult supervision and had ended up stabbing his ring finger with the hook trying to get the bait on; Bobby had had to take him to the hospital to get some ‘properly done stitches’, not like the crappy ones he used to give, even when Dean begged to stay behind by the lake, not wanting to go back home just yet. Not wanting that paradise to end.
His brain had reared its ugly head and had begun to spew hate towards him, once again, like it used to.
’. And then, when I realised that I… Well, I just buried it, like always. ‘Cause, one thing is knowing that you have a damned school crush on your best friend. Another is that it’s love, pure and unadulterated and unrequited and that can literally never happen. And then, all of our enemies knew about it too, not that I did a good job at hiding, and they always poked at that when they were trying to hurt us or to distract me. But their words meant shit, cause I already knew all that. I knew it was suicide, yet I couldn’t stop loving you anyway. I couldn’t help it, you know? Not when you’re literally perfection and I’m just a pathetic son of a bitch who should’ve kicked the bucket a long time ago.”
He couldn’t fathom a world in which he, the pathetic, broken and useless son of John Winchester, would be able to resolve the issues of a cosmic being, but he had done pretty much the unthinkable in his lifetime. And, if anything, Dean Winchester was bold and brave, albeit stupid at times. Therefore, he asked, eager to do anything, just to know that Castiel was safe.
were easy to cross off the list of things to show the unrequited love of his life, because he wasn’t sure of how he would react when he drew comparisons between the hunter sitting next to him and the main characters. Others, like some of the Spaghetti Westerns that he liked so much, were a little more difficult.
He was gifted with another one of Dean’s blinding smiles. “You betcha!” he claimed, laughing softly.
, which were three words that shouldn’t be used in the same sentence, unlike his psycho brother did, but he treated himself right, as he always should have. With all the time in the world, now that he had cut his own strings.
“I would never!” Castiel screamed, trying to get away from Dean’s vicious and cruel attack on his one human weakness that he couldn’t control. Nevermind that he could have easily asked Jack to restore his insensibility to avoid such things, he enjoyed the feeling way too much.
He simply nodded along, unable to reply without crying himself. “I’ll see you later,” he simply told him, before taking one last steadying breath and turning away, towards his Angel.
Inside the house, there was an all-powerful being, a Nephilim that could do so much. It was still the Spawn of the Devil, but if Dean knew one thing, it was that you can get any child to do whatever you need to with the right education. John Winchester had taught him so, while making him his personal soldier, diligent and somewhat efficient, even when he completely fucked everything up.
,” he wanted to scream at the skies, knowing that all the remaining angels and demons knew it already, but wanting to yell at them nevertheless. It was all their fault, for their stupid wars and their stupid plans and their stupid Apocalypses.
The look on Dean’s eyes was heart-breaking and, for the first time since he locked the door behind his back, Castiel felt hopeless, impotent to face the world, even with his beloved by his side.
It had been kind of weird, in the beginning, disciplining the new God and forcing him to eat his vegetables, but he had gotten the hang of it pretty quickly. After all, he just had to do everything he had already done to raise Sam, without the fear of his father looming over. Basically a walk in the park.
Dean turned around quickly, jumping to his feet and facing Bobby with real terror in his veins. All those unsaid words were burning his lungs and all of the
, when he told Dean that they would meet again, that he should just pray to him and he’d be listening. Dean didn’t exactly understand how the gears of that would work, but he figured he would have time to overthink it to no ends, in his usual fashion. He sadly smiled at that, grateful to still have his memories.
He hadn’t complained anymore afterwards, after being shown that maybe that was one of the intended uses after all.
He realised for the first time in his life, just why Orpheus had turned around: fear was taking hold of him, not just at the knowledge that he would never live again until he could see in his deep blue eyes, until he could hear his low voice, more soothing than any balm; he was terrified at the thought of wasting Castiel’s shot at a life he deserved, definitely more than him, he was terrified at the knowledge that he was bargaining with a chip that wasn’t his, with something he could never understand.
" he then added as the angel looked puzzledly all around them and smiled at the approaching waitress.
He blinked furiously back his tears when one slipped out of his eye and fell right in the middle of Castiel’s trench coat. He’d wipe at his face, if only he wasn’t holding his entire cosmos in his hands. His throat burned, aching to scream and wail, but still, he held himself back.
that left his nerve wrecked body. It was relief in its purest form, relief at not having to hold himself back any longer.
“Rowena’s the best witch in the world, of course I called her!” Dean yelled back, careful with his movements, lest of all he ruined their meticulous work, “And we’re gonna get Cas back, if that pleases your majesty!”
Sorrow filled the air and tension settled between them, as Castiel stared at the hunter with a strange look in his eyes.
In the one they existed in, that was the answer Castiel was thankful for everyday when he got to witness the sight of Dean slowly waking up, his eyelashes fluttering before opening fully, regarding the angel with love and adoration.
And I can say with certainty, that that’s what you and Castiel have been doing since day one. I’m just so happy for you, ‘cause you deserve it. Not ‘cause you saved the world couple of times and whatnot.
That, apparently, had been the wrong thing to say, because Castiel suddenly turned even redder than before. Dean assumed it was just the cold air or the embarrassment at the situation, of course. What else could it have been?
His father had always insisted he slept armed, in case something happened and he had to protect Sammy. John Winchester would also run drills in the first few months after he had given the order: if Dean didn’t realize he was being watched in his sleep, then he’d die and his brother just right after him, if he had been lucky.
“I suppose by your level of sarcasm that you are a hunter. By your weaponry as well," the angel said while slowly twisting the blade between his hands. The only thing Dean could do was weakly nod. He didn’t know why he was feeling like that, but it surely didn’t feel pleasant. It was almost as someone had punched him in the stomach and left him on the ground while his head spun. Completely unpleasant. He was also incredibly nervous by the careless way the angel was toying with his knife.
the nasty voice in his head said, coming back at full force after an odd silent time. Dean understood it, but some tiny part of his mind believed that he could be of value. It claimed that he could help Castiel, because the Angel could not perform the exorcism and make sure the human remained alive and as unharmed as possible. Somehow, that small part won.
. Their conversations moved from lore and weapons, especially since Sammy got married and moved out of the bunker: now they shared recipes, instead of cooking directly for themselves, being their only company for years; now they called to talk about more than possible hunts; now, they actually
His legs were going numb, but he couldn’t move. Not until Cas had woken up from his well-deserved but ill-timed nap. Granted, Dean was always complaining about how he never got enough sleep, on how if he rested maybe he’d be a little less stiff, even if Cas didn’t sleep per se, so he probably needed the extra rest, but didn’t he know that it was incredibly rude to snooze?
Dean had wondered the entire ride over what his father would say, seeing him get out of Baby with an Angel on his tail, marching into a demon’s hideout to exorcise it. John Winchester would’ve probably told him to stay put and wait in the motel, as he had done many times, cause he’d mess it all up somehow.
And Cas, I am so proud of you too. You went from being a stoic emotionless bastard to the most caring and loving being in the entire Universe. I’m so happy I can finally call you family legally and officially, even though Crowley was right, there ain’t anything legal in this.
However, now that they had completed their work for good, he could take in the little stray. They had enough space in the bunker for him, all things considered.
It was impossible for an Angel to banish a demon in the Empty without also killing the possessed person, but thankfully for the human girl, the hunter’s plan had worked flawlessly. But Heaven did not need to know that and they clearly did not need to know that he had spared a human life, thus complicating and delaying his mission.
Dean had replied in the only way he knew how: he mocked his last sentence with a grin, reminding him he was ‘
There, truth. Dean was tired, so tired, of keeping secrets, of holding himself back, of hiding. And, besides, Castiel had already done the first step into the dancefloor. It was his turn to be honest and to start swinging around, hopefully.
And so, he forewent the slippers, uncaring of the freezing tiles. And he had no use for the robe, without anyone but the dog around to see him in his messy attire. He hadn’t even bothered getting out of his shirt the previous night, straight out falling onto the bed, searching for some sort of solace that never came.
, that was when he saw it: a black cloud of smoke, too vivid to be normal and too lively to be moved by the wind, plummeted down into a random girl, into her late 20s, that was entering in what must’ve been her house. The girl immediately tensed and turned around, searching her surroundings, sporting a pair of pitch-black eyes. Dean averted his gaze immediately, to not be spotted as a hunter on the job but rather as a weird passer-by waiting for the light to turn green. She then revolved back into the house, as the original girl probably intended.
Which didn’t seem very doable, especially not when they shouted at him, causing him to stumble back on shaky legs: “Do not put yourself on the same level as me, child. I am old. And tired. Besides, do I look like I care about your excuses?”
Claire then explained that I might have surprised him and that was why. And it was true, he did not expect that. But after we talked about it, he said that he wouldn’t mind. And so, I started calling him Dad, which now is Pops ‘cause he is the one in charge of the popcorn on movie nights and it’s nice to see him smile at the name.
Well, maybe some of you are asking themselves: how did she steal the spot from cosmic beings? Answer is: I am excellent at arm wrestling and beat every other contender without even blinking an eye, how about that?
"Relax Cas, I'm just joking," he said while chuckling, never taking his eyes from the road in front of them.
He had to be strong, for Sam. For his little brother who had lost the mother he had known for way too little.
Castiel had not realized he had closed his eyes while savouring the small bite until he opened them once again, seeing the smug smirk on the hunter’s face alongside a mockingly raised eyebrow.
Dean’s laugh at that was bright and wet, a broken sound that both healed and destroyed the remains of Castiel’s grace, and tears began to fall in earnest out of both their eyes, neither caring about the momentary weakness, safe in each other’s presence.
The sound of quiet footsteps brought him back closer to reality, but, still, he couldn’t open his eyes. His head felt heavy and so did the eyelids, and he was just so tired. Of everything. His grip on the stool had loosened in his pathetic fall and his hands were now shaking fully, even when they maniacally toyed one with the other’s fingers, pulling and pushing the skin around his nailbeds, digging the splinters of wood deeper into his skin, enjoying the sickly way his skin seemed to warm up at the contact.
“You’re not actually thinking about it, are you?” the Shadow crooned from high above, too interested in the little spectacle that was happening down below, almost as if they could see Dean’s internal turmoil.
"Does a lion hate an ant?" asked back Castiel in a rather defensive tone. He did not mean to reply in such a haste and in such a cold way, but that answer was deeply rooted inside of him and managed to escape his lips without him completely realising.
Dean grabbed his hand, just because he could, because he had wasted too much time on Earth not doing it, and placed a kiss to the back of it, closing his eyes to thank his lucky stars. He didn’t let go when he had to move the shift gear, choosing to sandwich Cas’ hand below his in between the metal and leather. Just like he had always wished he could do.
Neither realised he had gone out, too busy in their screaming match, and neither of them cared where he went, so why should he.
Instead, he ignored them to keep on making progress: every time he archived a new goal, his shifter gave him a golden sticker star. The first time it had happened, he had scoffed and dismissed it, considering it childless and useless, but now? He needed to complete his booklet of sticker stars.
Dean couldn’t blame any of them, not really, he knew that he was the reason they all had to look for happiness away from him, he knew that everything he touched was poison and that he ruined even the most idyllic of situations. It shouldn’t have hurt as much as it did, but Dean couldn’t help himself.
Points like that needed to be driven straight home when dealing with immortal beings as old as Time itself, after all.
He walked around the building, making sure he was alone. He wasn’t proud or anything, but some things need privacy to work, or so he had figured out in years of Heavenly contacts. Cas had always responded to his prayers, back when he still had his wings. And he really owed them, big time now, so he might just decide to pop out in the middle of nowhere.
A hand did lay on his cheek, but it wasn’t followed by the usual stinging of pain. The taste of blood didn’t overpower his mouth and his entire face didn’t lit up on fire, strangely. Instead, the touch was tender and heart-breaking, the hand was caressing him and wiping away at the tears that were still springing from his closed eyes.
It wasn’t hard, especially since he wasn’t drinking alone anymore. It had become a routine of theirs, whenever Cas stayed over at the bunker, to sit in the main room on opposite sides of the table, sharing a glass of whiskey, just enjoying each other’s company. There were too many words unspoken between them, sentences that Dean couldn’t let out, but they always tried to put it all away, focusing on the moment, ignoring the way Sam always managed to interrupt them whenever they were talking alone.
Perhaps, if either had said something, things would have ended up very differently, he silently lamented as he watched his Angel widen his eyes and look around himself, disoriented.
There was no happy singing there, Heaven was just made of plain white walls with plain white doors, all in an endless maze of souls. It was ruled by asshole bureaucrats who didn’t care about the humans. They just had a job to do and would do it mindlessly, uncaring if they casually switched to the wrong side, as long as they hit their goals.
"So, she has no weapon and no body." He nodded once, and somehow the hunter managed to see it, even without taking the eyes off the road ahead. "And how do we know that she hasn't skipped town and ridden off to the sunset?"
And, finally throwing the goddamned piece of beetroot that he had almost clumped in his hand into the bowl, he began his chant, with only one thought occupying his mind:
Just when he had begun to think he had just imagined it all, something materialised a few feet away from him. It was a man, around his own age, with deep blue eyes and unruly jet black hair.
“The feeling’s mutual,” he said once he had reached their dais, cranking his neck up to maintain eye contact with the cosmic being that could wipe him off the face of the Universe as if it was nothing.
it didn't mean he wanted to still talk about it. Girls and Faggots only solved their problems talking, and he was neither.
Dean considered it one of his worst memories: he could still feel the despair wreak his body as he held onto Sam for dear life, clinging to the rapidly cooling body as he screamed and yelled at the top of his lungs; he could taste the bile and see the way his vision faltered under his tears. He remembered the pain that drove him insane, that made him dug that hole and make that stupid deal with the stupid demon that started the stupid Apocalypse.
"Excuse me?! I've been on this case for over two weeks. I know most of what's there to know about this. Maybe we can collaborate and get that son of a bitch dead."
"Hell yeah it is!" He yelled, getting in a defensive stance, "Pie's the most important thing in my life after my little brother Sammy!"
But his father hadn't been with him for a long time and he didn't have to worry about his brother first, although old habits die hard. "Actually, I'm kinda starving so if you'd like we could go grab a bite while we plan our next move on this demon" he surprised himself saying, but stood his ground as soon as the words came out of him.
“Then we fight,” he replied proudly and sincerely. They would fight, it was what they did best after all. They would hold their ground against whatever foe came facing their way. Because they were real, their love was untouched by the cruel and volatile author that seemed to be writing their lives.
“I was literally bargaining for Castiel, in case you forgot about that!” he exclaimed, pointing accusatorily back and forth between the former angel and his own brother, who only had then the decency to flush red at his words. “The Shadow said that in order to get him back, they’d keep his Grace, and no matter what I did, they weren’t negotiating on that. And I thought that we’d be able to restore it somehow, once he was back, right Rowena?”
A weak laugh came out of Castiel’s mouth before he could even register its presence. It was a sudden, weak sound, so in contrast with the cacophony of the banging door. He watched as Dean’s eyes scanned his face, looking for a sign of where their conversation would lead. But nothing, probably not even in his darkest nightmares, could come close to the truth Castiel was about to lay on his shoulders.
Castiel immediately rushed to his hunter’s side once more, checking for any lingering effect of Death’s magic on his human body, on his perfect soul. He turned his face around, searching for any sign of discomfort on those features he knew so well, but found nothing other than a barely-there smile, one that always meant fun, trouble and teasing.
But he had killed her, so her plan was out. He doubted the new Death would give them the same treatment, not with Jack around.
No, madam. The target vacated the premises seconds before I could terminate her. Wards around the town have taken place in her inability to leave."
One look at his glowing eyes made Dean fire, uncaring of the screams coming from Sam. He had the reason of all the pain in front of him, if he hadn’t decided to show up Mom would still be there with them, Cas would stand next to him with his stupid eyes open instead of laying in the cold dirt outside. It didn’t matter that he looked scared, cornered and naked and shaking. He was the reason Cas wasn’t waking up, the Son of the bastard that had stabbed his Angel in the back and left him there. And so he shot him, firing his gun and making the thing scream before he disappeared.
In reality, they all knew why Rowena was dead set on staying there, nervously contorting her hands as Dean bandaged his hand, making sure not a single drop was out of place: other than it being a rather complicated and interesting rite, probably one of a kind, if it did work, it would mean being able to bring back to the world of the living not only Cas, but all those celestial and infernal beings that they had lost during the years and wars. The possibilities were endless, especially for the Queen of Hell who was still mourning the loss of her son.
When Castiel took my father as a vessel, my world crumbled down, quite literally. We were a normal, nice, little family that lived in the suburbs. Nothing special, mom took care of me, dad was an accountant. A regular one, not ‘
Dean doubted anyone would go around missing him, he had never managed to do one right thing in his entire life, so why would anyone need him?
And he couldn’t help himself but smile at him. He wasn’t expecting anyone getting back at this hour, especially not someone who didn’t use the front door, just zapping into the bunker. Sam had texted earlier, telling him that he and Eileen were going on some spontaneous adventure, and he hadn’t opened the front door in two days now, too deep in self-deprecation first and in his work later.
although he wasn’t sure he was supposed to shout it from the rooftops and although he did not have a resumé to write it on, but having to lie to his father would always be the hardest thing he could do.
“Right, cause those are a thing, aren’t they?” Dean asked sarcastically, moving a few steps back. “Aren’t you, like, supposed to have chubby cheeks and puffy wings and blinding halos? Cause all I see is a 30 something dude dressed like an accountant. Not exactly angelic material.”
It took him all he had just to walk back through the entrance, once they came back, unfruitful. They had rolled the luck dice one last time, risking it all with Chuck just to get everything back to normal. Or, at least, that had been Sammy’s motif.
Castiel remembered rather vividly the time when he and his siblings actually helped the humans, his Father’s most prized creation: it used to be a common thing, giving those tiny ants a push in the right direction to find food or the cure for a pious man that prayed, even if to the wrong entity, for his dark and taxing fever to stop.
"Get in the car, wings. Imma show you what driving is," he said while opening his own car door. He had to stop and admire the scene in front of him before getting in, though: the angel was simply standing there, looking pretty and puzzled at the passenger's door, as if waiting for it to open itself or something. The sight was hilarious and lovely and Dean wanted to laugh at it so badly, but decided against it, considering he'd be humouring an immortal all-powerful being who was slightly a lot scary.
There was nothing that he would have denied his Angel, and so he tried: “Because I cannot live without you. These past days, they’ve been worse than Hell. Every day that I had to wake up it was torture, I just kept on seeing you everywhere, just before they took you away, and I had to drown my thought in various amounts of alcohol just to function. We got rid of Chuck to have a normal life, to be able to enjoy it! But you weren’t here. And, you weren’t even upstairs, so, I had to find a way to eventually get you back. Even if I thought I would never be able to have this, knowing that you were around would’ve been amazing. More than I deserved.”
“Did we reach our destination yet?” Jack asked in a similar sleep-filled voice to the one Claire had used not long before, rubbing his eyes in the same way his sister did. Dean’s heart swelled at the sight and grew a tenfold at the knowledge that they were already this close, despite everything.
The hand that wasn’t intertwined with his moved once again to his cheek, wiping the newly sprung tears out of his eyes as Dean closed them, overwhelmed, for once, in the good way.
His last thought, before he completely forgot everything, was the memory of Castiel’s lips pressed on his.
“So, what, I got a priority ticket to Heaven?” he joked, turning his head back up to stare at the deep blue eyes that populated all of his dreams.
Dean, bring used to that kind of tone, imperceptibly flinched, but stood his ground, "No way Cas. I said I'd help you and you accepted my heroic help into slaying this beast!"
He could not finish the sentence. His phone rang up and began vibrating his pocket and he picked it up immediately. He had been slow to answer a call once and his father was not pleased about it. He tried to not be slow, not even during hunts: a monster could wait, John Winchester simply couldn't.
Castiel himself felt breathless, even though as an Angel he was not accustomed to the act of respiration. He could survive without it, his vessel would not be affected as long as he was using it, yet Castiel cherished, even enjoyed, the way his lungs burned as he was kissing the Hunter.
For the first time, realisation hit him. He had known Jack since before he was born, and he and Cas and Sam had all but raised him, all with different methods. He was their son, had taken so much after each of them, it was clear as day. And Dean had never been prouder.
“Anyway,” Bobby continued “the three of them are up to I don’t know what shenanigans, but I bet they’re exploring this place and having the time of their afterlives. I also saw that other brother of yours, couple of days back, going back to his mother’s, after having said hello to your old folks. Oh, and Jack also fixed Purgatory. Said that it wasn’t right for good monsters to have to go there, never resting. The bad ones, stay there, but those like Garth and your vamp friend, not so much. He’s around here somewhere, I’m sure you’ll run into him.”
"I didn't. But hear me out. The must be a way for me to kill that thing, right?" stubbornly replied the hunter.
So he always came back, needing a babysitter that was duty-bound for free, breaking down his walls, forcing him to rebuild them all one by one, thicker and higher, and ruining all the shots he could have at a normal life.
For rather obvious reasons, which I’m going to attempt listing: I manipulated him and the Winchesters; I betrayed him and the Winchesters; I tried to kill him and the Winchesters; on various occasions I stabbed him and the Winchesters, both metaphorically and literally; I encouraged Dean to get the Mark of Cain and to become a Knight of Hell, and then we proceeded to have a
“Really? Last we saw him, he was a ghost on Earth, unable to get in,” Dean said, happy that he had found a way in. He had been so upset and sad, knowing that he was doomed to stay there and lose his mind, all because Chuck was a dick. He had searched all of Rowena’s spell-books with Sam, looking for another spell like the one-time thing they did for Eileen, with no luck.
“I don’t need sleep. I am used to pulling all-nighters so stop bothering me” he was quick to reply, turning once more to his books and picking up a pen and repeatedly clicking it, to make some of the nerves dissipate probably.
“Every creature roaming the Earth is a ‘downsized’ version of its ancestors, with the exception of the humans of course. You used to be fishes, are you aware of that?”
“The quicker you go, the sooner you’ll eat,” Castiel responded patiently. It had taken the angel a while to understand the human need to bathe and clean themselves, after centuries without a permanent vessel and after a decade in the same clothes, but he had finally gotten the hang of it, even when he wasn’t human himself anymore. But still, he enjoyed the rituals and he liked keeping his body clean and fit and, after Jack gave him human taste buds to make him live life with Dean as a regular human while still maintaining his angel mojo and status upstairs, where he helped and directed the renovations, Castiel could finally enjoy food as well, not having to pretend anymore.
He could rectify now, even though his current actions would have brought even more pain than the previous outcome. He nodded along Dean’s words, trying to find his own. “It was at that moment that I knew what the Empty meant. What they wanted. Which was why I…”
He could feel Dean shudder under his touch, still growing accustomed to the kind and gentle gestures that the angel would dispense for him and him alone. “All of this is because I… I couldn’t hurt Chuck. Because I was angry and because I just needed something to kill and because that’s all I know how to do.”
Castiel was puzzled and confused, "I fail to see the correlation between safety measures and your own abilities."
Chuck was finally gone, out of the picture, powerless and pathetically human, unable to keep on hurting them. And now that he could actually take some time to rest, to think about a future when he didn’t have to hide and hunt and risk his life for the silliest of reasons, his mind wouldn’t let him.
So, maybe his father wasn’t always right and his prejudices were his alone and maybe he wasn’t doing nothing wrong, daydreaming of hanging out with Castiel for more than a hunt.
And Castiel closed his eyes, allowing the darkness to close in and engulf him, sacrificing himself for the man he loved.
And Dean Winchester realised that maybe he wasn’t as familiar with Death, not as much as he had thought initially, when he understood that he had no idea where Angels and Demons went once they died. He couldn’t just storm Heaven or Hell or Purgatory, searching for his Angel and making sure he remained by his side until the End.
me!” he retorted back, storming inside, Eileen in tail, looking sheepish as she signed her hello. He was visibly distraught, understandably so, yet Dean couldn’t care less. For the first time in days, he had an actual shot at getting his happiness back and, even if he loved his little brother with all his being and had always put him first in everything, he was going to ignore Sam’s little tantrum if it meant continuing his plan to get to Castiel.
he had told him once when they were grocery shopping, Sam refusing to tag along for his sacred daily run in the woods surrounding the bunker, “
Cas smiled at him, as if he couldn’t believe either that those words were true. He closed his eyes and rested his forehead over Dean’s gently, sighing contently.
Anyway, shit got real pretty fast after Cas appeared into our lives. My dad had burned his hand in boiling water as an act of faith in front of me, so I already thought he was pretty crazy, and then he left, all because of Castiel. And things went really downhill from there.
But then, after he had been resurrected from the Empty by Jack, he found himself engulfed in the hunter’s arms, welcomed to stay there as long as he wanted to, gently caressing Dean’s short hair throughout the night as they talked until the Sun appeared, uncaring of the cold weather and of imminent treats.
Yet Dean couldn’t explain any of it even if he tried, the shame was too powerful, the pain was too strong, crippling his every action. And, at the End of the world, there was no time to unpack 11 years of love and friendship and pining and trust and heartbreak and internalised fears.
he silently prayed, but then regretted it as soon as Castiel's expression changed once he heard his thought.
He nodded gravely, “Stinky bugs are everywhere, that’s true. But I don’t believe you!” Dean tried not to think too much about bugs and such, but it was impossible. Almost all of the crappy motels he had lived in had at least a spider infestation and he had woken up many times with something natural crawling up the walls. Monsters were easy to kill, but nothing gave him more pride than being able to throw his shoe at the wall and nail perfectly an insect that had ruined his sleep.
He would definitely show Cas once they got back home, and Eileen probably, but nowhere in his intention he meant for Garth to see it!
His knees jerked up out of instinct, ready to get out of whatever situation he had just landed himself, but he just drew them against his chest, knowing that, for the time being, he was safe inside the bunker, pretty much alone. He hugged them tightly around his body as he tried to make himself smaller, more out of habit than necessity, when his vision swirled once again over the darkness of his closed eyelids.
There was Castiel, kneeling in front of him, grounding him with his soft touch. The former angel’s eyes were wet and worried, scrutinizing every single inch of Dean’s visible skin for injuries, even though he couldn’t heal them anymore. And, for once, Dean didn’t care about the state he was in, didn’t care that he had completely broken down and that he was vulnerable and killable and such an easy prey.
And Dean couldn’t bring himself to care, not when his husband was laughing beautifully, on top of him, shirtless and with his face smooched down on Dean’s neck, slightly tickling him with the way his hair was brushing against his stubble. Cas was definitely due a haircut, but he knew that the moment he brought up the topic, he would be met with at least three other hands ready to take the scissors away from him and he would have to defeat each person in a mortal hand to hand combat, while Eileen did all the grooming and probably recorded the entire ordeal for posterity.
He felt the Hunter’s lips slowly break out in a grin as he decided to move his hands, placing them on Dean’s shoulder for better leverage. He slightly grabbed the fabric of his shirt, instinctively drawing the body closer. Somewhere in him, a tiny voice was screaming at him to get as close as possible.
On the other hand, Dean was trying his best to avoid his gaze, feeling more and more like a miscreant child that was just trying to skip punishment from their parents for something he had done wrong, despite knowing very well that their action wouldn’t have sent them far down the path. He knew what was bound to come next, had known since he was young and stupid, believing in fairy tales and angels and kindness. And all he could do now was burying his eyes on the floor, letting them move from tile to tile to assess the damage he had done with his blood.
Cas nodded and they untangled themselves, hands still clasped tight in each as they moved to seat comfortably on the hood of the Impala.
Crowley, I highly suggest you get the hell out of here, for your own safety. I know for a matter of fact that Dean’s got the Colt right under his chair and I think you ain’t ready to see that girl again.
“I…” Dean’s voice broke in tandem with another knock, growing louder and louder, “I love you, Castiel, I want to marry you and I promise to you that I
But having Jack back warmed his heart to no end. It was almost as if he had gotten another sign from the Universe that he was on the right path.
He loved the kid, really did, but he didn’t think that trusting someone that doesn’t know how to boil an egg with the entire creation would be a good idea. “Damn right you are!” he exclaimed, moving his hands on Jack’s shoulders and clasping him tightly, one last confirmation that he was truly there, skin and bone, in front of him. “Okay, I want you to tell me everything that happened in these past days. But first. Are you hungry? Did you eat?”
Moving back into sitting position, he stretched, "Nah I'm good." It was getting quite late now, closer to two pm, and Dean could feel the awfully familiar pain of an empty stomach now that his head had cleaned up. He had been too nervous to even grab a coffee on his way to the
I mean, seriously! I got killed off! That wasn’t very LGBTQ+ friendly, if anything it was a big giant Bury Your Gays. And also misogyny to further along the man pain and plotline.
He fell, his knees finally giving out and forcing him to lay down next to Cas. He desperately wanted to hold him closer, to give him his heat and to try and guide him back to life. He wanted to scream, to cry, to trash the world down and tear it apart bit by bit, all to get Castiel to open his stupid blue eyes and look at him with that stupid goofy expression of his that Dean never quite managed to understand.
There had been something about the unfazed look on Castiel’s face as he calmly took the knife out of his chest, not a single drop of blood dirtying the blade, that sent Dean’s heart flying high on the sky, higher than a kite.
He tried desperately to blink his eyes, to avoid the tears that were threatening to spill, but his body couldn’t keep it in anymore.
and doubt, waiting for the much needed axe to drop while simultaneously hoping it could go away untouched.
Cas. He had gone back into the house, to some task that Dean couldn’t remember about, but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He knew that he should’ve followed, a voice in the back of his head whispered at him to do so, but he couldn’t get up.
The answer came fucking easily: he had left his little brother alone with their father, in the tiny dirty cramped motel room that smelled like cheap burnt coffee and piss, while both of them fought with all their might against each other. He had left his brother alone. He had left his brother with his father, without anyone standing in the middle of their fights as a buffer.
Still, it was incredibly fucked up how his brain had taken the 30 years of torture he had suffered at the hands of Alastair as if they were nothing. He had been beaten, stabbed, blown to pieces and, generally speaking, killed in various painful ways, yet nothing the demon did evere came close to the burning sensation of fear and shame his father’s gaze left over him.
But, don’t sweat it, son. I know for a fact that that Angel of yours will remind you even more. Hell, he’ll probably be way more effective than me. After all, one of the first things he told you was that you deserved to be saved. Maybe one day you’ll believe it too.
He took one of Dean’s hands in his uninjured one, holding on for dear life as he desperately continued his unprepared speech: “Everything you have ever done,
“Dean,” he called back to the man in front of him, stepping away from the door and holding his hand as if it was his only tether to the world, grounding and comforting in his fall, “she said that the wound was killing her. Maybe we wait her out.”
If these last two chapters (7 and 8) come, like, out of the blue, that’s because this is a mentally ill brain with depression and anxiety and self-worth issues the size of Ba Sing Se. So, of course, this brain would only see the bad and not the happy. ANd I am taking entirely from my own history with mental illness, so don't come at me saying this doesn't apply to you. It has been incredibly hard for me to write these two chapters for obvious reasons, plus the entire holiday craziness around Christmas and new year.
“Good?” he asked, probably fully aware of the answer already. He had a light tint on his cheeks, most likely due to a rush of heat or to the action of consuming the food himself. Castiel did not deign him with a reply, suddenly remembering who he truly was, despite his tame demeanour, and merely moved to grab another potato, “
Jack’s face crumpled at the mention of his other father. “But how?” he asked, voice wavering as he halted his hand from petting Miracle, “Castiel, I am not capable of…”
His voice was hoarse and ruined, as if he had screamed for his entire life. He figured he might have, considering how long he had fought and hunted. Dean gradually pried his eyes open, or at least he tried to: a better comparison would’ve been if both of his eyelids had been sewed shut with cement poured over. It was a painful task, but he succeeded eventually, getting rewarded with the beautiful sight in front of him.
would be his ending, his destiny was to pass away with a gun in his hand during a hunt gone south, one final blaze of glory before his final breath, a hot trail of dead monsters in his wake. And, during the years, he had died many times, screwing up all the statistics and the odds, but it never felt final.
" he was well versed in the subject; plus the hot chick he'd do the project with seemed into him, for reasons unknown to Dean, so it couldn't have been all that bad.
Castiel had tried to keep out of the Hunter’s mind out of respect and he did not think it would be appropriate to intrude his private thoughts to gather the whereabouts of the demon, so he simply stared back, waiting for the hunter to willingly tell him. “I can take you there, if you want to” he admitted, almost looking sheepish for reasons unbeknownst to Castiel. He apparently was not going to divulge the information. He had to ensure, after all, his own utility to the mission, Castiel reasoned, and that was the only way for the hunter to do so.
Castiel looked at him puzzledly as he finished with his listing, a simple “Why?” as his only comment. Dean was tempted to remove his hands from where they carefully held. But he didn’t, not because the former angel’s hold was too tight or limiting, like a trap or a cage, but because he loved the warm way he was being taken care of.
Dean’s brain stopped working entirely. That was way too much for a first thing in a Thursday morning.
And yet, no one showed up. One moment he was still alive, saying goodbye to Sam, making it sound more like a ‘
He had spent the entire time away from the hunter scanning the area, looking for the demon, without any success: it was in a non-corporeal state and therefore Castiel was unable to localize it.
He had been idiotic, believing himself mightier than the Empty, believing he had managed to succeed victorious in his bargaining.
Castiel had momentarily forgotten about the host. She was not essential to the mission and his orders didn’t include her safety. He had been told to finish the demon, to terminate that abomination with the least amount of collateral damage, and that meant to simply strike both the demon and the vessel. “I suppose she will be collateral damage.”
And, just like that, he started to clean the mess he had made in an attempt to fix his broken heart, even if, in the end, he had apparently shattered it in a thousand little pieces in the process. At least, as he took the bowl that he had used for the rite and lifted it off the stool that had momentarily replaced the chair in the middle of the devil’s trap, the voice inside his head had quieted a little, replaced by the familiar buzz of nerves that lived perpetually under his skin.
He tried for a lighter tone, to joke and to let the pregnant and stagnant air around them disperse, but Castiel was nothing if not intense. “Good things do happen, Dean,” he reminded him, using the same words that were spoken in their first real conversation.
But he just couldn’t take it anymore. He couldn’t stomach the belittlement and the mental games and the abandonment and the fights and the bruises and the constant needing to patch himself up.
His were tears of sadness, at the thought of having to leave his brother alone, so soon after the end of the world. They were all the mourning tears he hadn’t been able to shed after Castiel’s death, always having to push forward in his constant battling. They were tears of joy, that he had kept away for too long.
" Castiel thought, not wanting to listen to the hunter's mind without an invitation. It simply seemed impolite, although the angel had never bothered with human customs.
again, he would hold him close and never let go. He could finally say the words that clawed at the back of his throat every time he was around the angel, he could finally let himself be happy.
But, of course, his father heard, somehow, and he came back to take them back to their regular lives.
But things started to become complicated when he was left with an empty wardrobe because his husband had decided to take all of his graphic shirts for himself, their son had ‘
He knew better than to ask her questions or to talk straight after she had woken up, especially from a nap, so he just raised the volume of the radio slightly, catching the quiet notes from the music that he had turned almost all the way down to let his kids sleep peacefully. Or, at least, as peacefully as they could in a moving car.
“Yes, yes you are,” he said, suddenly more energised than he had expected. It really felt good, this fleeting happiness that he had managed to salvage in the midst of his broken heart. “C’mon, let’s go!”
And his little brother was looking at him, his eyes swelling as he moved, careful of the dried blood in between them, towards Dean, who flinched visibly as Sam’s hand went to rest on his shoulder, giving a reassuring squeeze. He stopped breathing, unbelieving of what had just happened, as his eyes closed involuntarily, blocking the tears in their path before they managed to escape.
Castiel had said it with an expression that could only mean sincerity, with such a raw pain on his tone that it almost knocked Dean over. Not that it would’ve mattered: Dean Winchester had already fallen to the ground, his body curling over his legs as he embraced them, cradling himself as if he was a child.
20 years prior he would have dreaded going into a vamp’s nest without checking the plan fifteen times, thinking about all the ways he could fail and die, and he would still have to put on a brave façade, a persona that was and wasn’t him at the same time, just to remind himself not to act like a scaredy-cat. And now those same hunts, done a million times in every combination possible, were just boxes to be checked on the to-do list, stops to be made in a grocery run.
The Hunter laughed at that: “Why do I feel like there’s more?” he asked, bringing his own arms to encircle Castiel’s neck.
And the Hunter’s lips felt incredibly soft against his vessel’s as he moved one of his hands to cup his vessel’s cheek tenderly. Castiel savoured the way his calloused hand scraped against his stubble. It somehow elicited a profound sound out of him, one that he was not able to refrain or to keep in.
However, Dean knew that he should definitely begin to clean the mess he had created, before the tiles stained and the blood-soaked the crevices in between them. If only a single muscle of his entire body could move, he would’ve.
"Yeah, yeah" he replied, waving a hand dismissively as if trying to remove a flying insect, "Can you feel the chick?" Castiel didn't have an answer and merely remained silent, staring forward into the hunter's very green eyes.
That had been one of the first lessons he had to take by heart and, just like everything else in his life, he had learnt that the hard way. There might be someone in the Universe looking out for him, but whoever they might be, they must’ve been getting high, or drunk, or high and drunk and shitfaced somewhere with sticky floors and the smell of piss and bad perfume tainting the air while they played renditions of his favourite song on the karaoke. That was basically the same description for both his Heaven and Hell somehow, and there  they must have been now, laying down on beer-stained bars completely drunk or planning to get absolutely wasted, just like he was.
For one scary moment, he thought he hadn’t made it. He thought that his lack of recognition for his surroundings was suspicious and his mind spiralled for the worst. Was this the last happy and peaceful thing he would see in eternity?
’ occupied his mind, sending him into a spiral. There he was, his best friend, the love of his life, his Angel.
It was a wave of warmth, that spread throughout his being, outside of his vessel. It felt calm and exciting at the same time.
“I would gladly ask you to stop using that futile weapon against me," said the man in the possibly deepest voice ever. The other three bullets flew out of his gun before he could even think about shooting, thanks to his
The hand holding his squeezed him tight as Cas nodded his head in acknowledgement. Of course he would’ve understood, the former angel was the only person in the entire world who truly
He could already imagine it: spending the day dusting over old books, finding them their perfect spot on the countless shelves that adorned the walls and rooms of the bunker; some random music on the background as they worked side by side, Cas humming along with the notes in that divine voice of his; them going to bed when the day was done, tired but immensely happy.
Which was kinda bullshit, since he knew he could’ve come out anytime to me. I was the president of the PFLAG at Stanford, which he knew and teased me about all the time! At the very least, he could’ve dropped some hints, and that would’ve been on me for not realising what he wanted to admit. But he didn’t!
Because, of course that Son of a Bitch wouldn’t answer. Black Sabbath had warned them, didn’t they? God is dead and God never listens. Why would he?
But now? Now, he heard Claire’s phone ping once more without giving it much thought, only registering in his periphery that the sound had effectively woken her up from where she was resting bundled up on the car seat, instead of having her head directly against the glass window. He watched from the corner of his eye, never really taking his vision off the dark road, as she blinked awake at the noise, her nose scrunching up as she yawned and stretched in the limited space of the Impala’s front seat, before she turned straight to him, ignoring the phone on her lap and choosing to ask: “Are we there yet?” in a sleep-filled voice.
His life couldn’t have been different: he was young and still following his father’s vengeance trail into a painful death, hiding every single aspect of his life that wasn’t appropriate for a soldier, burying himself into a work he didn’t feel like his own in a life that wasn’t his; now, he spent his days researching and updating the bunker’s records, while his incredible husband literally ran Heaven like a clock.
Somehow, in his endless and mindless roaming, his feet had dragged him there. In 7B. In the same room he had avoided like the plague.
And he was tired, so fucking tired of hammering around like he was trapped in a rodent cage, twirling on a wheel for other’s delight. He wanted to scream, to crash and to burn. He wanted to go upstairs and demand his Cas back, with bloody knuckles and an Angel blade in hand.
“I…” Dean was at loss for words. How could he even begin to explain? “Forget about it, alright? It’s stupid and it’ll probably get me killed, maybe even by you!”
“Not yet, ten more minutes,” he replied, silently laughing at the mess of hair that she had created turning around against the car seat. Her curly hair was creating a sort of halo effect all around her head and he had to resist the urge to snap a picture, his phone already filled with adorable and domestic photos of his entire family.
“Hey Eileen, sorry if I don’t hug you but I’m in the middle of something and if I move, I’ll have to start all over,” he told her, bypassing his giant brother, who looked progressively more offended by the minute. She merely signed back a quick ‘
But Dean told me that he and Sam did escape from a mental asylum once, so I don’t think they’d be that efficient. By the way, is there a place you two nutjobs haven’t escaped from? I still haven’t decided whether it’s idiotic or inspirational.
Castiel had kept away from his mind for the majority of their shared time, but after a few hours, his internal thoughts had become too loud to be ignored: it was an angry voice, scared and ready to attack, that wanted control over his mind. On the small occasions that Castiel had heard it without probing inside the hunter’s mind, he had used his Grace to smooth it down, inserting comforting thought of his own making that worked wonders. His shoulders relaxed, the worrisome crease over his browbones dissipated and his heartbeat slowed down to regularity and physiology.
And Dean had to be always so vigilant whenever Sammy was shotgun, he couldn’t let the car slide too much and lose control. His brother hadn’t realized it yet, but since their accident with John, he was always extra careful whenever Sam was in the front. He couldn’t go through that another time, no matter how much Sammy’s teasing stung and bruised his ego. He knew he was a good driver, so he could take it. And so he would.
And it was nice to talk about his childhood trauma with the person that was there and didn’t do that much damage, sharing the tips and tricks that he learnt first-hand in therapy, mainly to brag about how much progress he was doing.
“Hello, Dean,” the angel whispered, wrapping his arms around him and giving him a soft peck on the cheek, uncaring of the stubble that had grown in the past few days of distance. He had completely forgotten his shaving kit at home, but part of him was certain that Castiel had just kept it hidden before he left, conscious that Dean was too lazy and too cheap to buy a new one for only a weekend and that his husband would then show up with a new beard in a couple of days, all for Cas to play with before it was shaved off in the morning.
Dean woke up that day feeling restless and anxious, guilt creeping upon his head at the thought of failing. At the rate they were going, they would not be able to pull Cas back. And the thought paralysed Dean with fear and dread.
Alright, I’ll humour you, what about the Cartwright twins? Yeah, what about them? I don’t want to know the details of any of that, ever. So, I just assumed that you... you know. Did twins? It wasn’t the craziest thing I had ever heard from you, against my will I have to add. So if anything, it was kinda anticlimactic? And you did come back kinda buzzed from your solo trip to Newfoundland and Labrador for that… Rugaru, was it? Right? I just thought it was a good hunt and, again, I don’t want to know details.
Dean Winchester was too familiar with Death, he bitterly realised as the tears never came. He had spent too many years holding himself back, being presentable and staying put, never making a sound out of line. And now, now that he wanted to yell at the skies with all his might, he couldn’t.
But now, holding his son de facto as he basically radiated love and affection, both thinking of a way to get the angel out of his confinement, Dean knew that this was real.
He generally never did mention anything, whenever Dean was flustered or whenever his brain short-cut at the knowledge that such a powerful and ancient cosmic entity chose to spend time with him, of all people. And the occasions had been countless throughout the years.
But, in the end, he was still a human being, with a human heart. And adrenaline still kicked in, along with everything else.
“Shut up.” That did wonders. Dean didn’t know if he was using his angelic mojo, but he immediately stopped talking and his mind cleared a little.
“Yeah, so you’ve told me. And then you left, over and over. Even when you were human. I have always known I’d never be someone’s first choice, I wasn’t expecting anything at all. I should’ve known better than to get my hopes up and I didn’t want to destroy our friendship just cause I couldn’t help myself falling in love with you. And then, you said all those things before the Empty took you, knowing that I’d be too surprised to respond! Not cool, man, really not cool. So, I, I don’t know… it didn’t sit right with me that you weren’t around.”
Yet, he was alone now. He had saved the world, defeated the last Big One, earned his free will and freedom. And all he could do was drown his sorrow and pain. It was truly amusing, after everything that had happened to him and that he had accomplished, he was still so broken and unable to pull himself up.
he thought bitterly, sitting on the bed and putting his head between his hands. He focused on his breathing for longer than he was used to when he wasn't alone. He didn't know why, but the angel's presence to his mental breakdown didn't unnerve him, when Dean even refused to appear nervous around Sam.
"I cannot sense the cause of your distress," Castiel said, speaking in a soft voice as if he was a startled animal. '
“Hey, good morning sleeping beauty! Rise and shine!” he said, shifting Baby into park and finally stopping the car after hours on the road. In the morning, he’d give her a complete make-over, making sure she was right and beautiful again, without a single speckle of dirt on her gorgeous paint job, but now he was too tired to even think about cooking.
Dean had always thought the answer to that question was simple: no, he did not deserve to be saved because he was a piece of shit that ruined everything he touched. But now, he couldn’t bring himself to admit it, not really believing it to be the truth. “I don’t know what to think anymore. Up until yesterday, I didn’t think Angels and Demons existed outside of Dan Brown’s books.”
As Jack went to sit next to him, Miracle following suit and putting his head on Jack’s lap, he couldn’t help himself but look at his watch. He knew, rationally, that they were somewhere in the evening realm, having already had dinner and all. It was quite shocking, realising just how late he was pushing it. Especially now that his original excitement about his research was slowly fading out, getting replaced by a tiredness that swept his bones in one quick stroke.
But he couldn’t think about that, not yet. Instead, he let himself close his eyes, thinking back to the way Castiel had smiled at him. He rolled off the bed like that, with a stupid sappy smile on his face. His jacket laid forgotten on the floor in the same way it had been tossed the night before and he couldn’t help himself from leaving it there, just to remind himself that it had indeed happened.
Dean was willing to burn the Earth to the ground, if that meant Castiel could get back to him, and he would do it without remorse.
and, just as Castiel had predicted, fell immediately asleep. He must have been incredibly depleted of all energies, after all.
While it was true, that he had brought Cas back from the dead because he couldn’t live without him, he had also done it for selfish reasons. Dean wouldn’t have been able to enjoy Paradise or to endure Damnation without his Angel, which threw in a wrench in his plans to call it quits.
He had almost gotten closer to doing that when he was 17, when he tried to go to a tattoo parlour for his birthday. His father had intercepted him on the way, just before he entered to take the appointment, and he had gotten angry at him, claiming that he would ruin his life and body, that he was an idiot, that he shouldn’t waste the money that John left for him and Sammy over something stupid and meaningless. And Dean wanted to yell back that it was his body and his life, that he could do what he wanted with both, that his father was being a hypocrite, considering he had some on his skin as well. And Dean wanted to kindly remind him that he hadn’t left a single penny for him and his brother, that he was paying for their motel room with little chores here and there, with pool money that he won against men twice his size that weren’t always happy a kid cleaned them dry, with his own sweat as mowed lawns and changed tires, as he tried to make sure Sam was well fed and had a roof over his own head. With everything he could do, legally or not. He wanted to scream that, for once in his life, he was allowed to be selfish, to do what he wanted.
“We have reprogrammed him,” she said, practically, as if this was only another check on her every day to-do list. “Nothing for you to worry about. Hopefully, this will not need to happen ever again, for your next encounter will be under Heaven’s watch. I truly hope you will not be seeing you ever again, Mr Winchester.”
Castiel smiled fondly at him, moving his hands to cup Dean’s face as he made their eyes meet. He ignored the imperceptible flinch the Hunter’s shoulders did, focusing on bringing his face down at his and placing a small kiss to the corner of his mouth. He could immediately feel the muscles relax under his touch as he leaned his forehead against Dean’s, meant as a reassuring gesture.
Everything was exactly as he had left it in his haste, the door blown wide open, the chair out of place, the blood splattered on the bookcases. No one had touched anything, all of them unable to get in there, all for different reasons.
But he managed to redeem himself pretty soon afterwards and there was no hard feelings nor bad blood.
Dean couldn’t lower his eyes, focusing on the storm of different emotions he could read on his brother’s face. There was surprise there, understanding, sadness. The mix was overwhelming, but none of it mattered at the moment. Dean simply stood his ground, bracing himself for the inevitable pain, both physical and mental.
But when Sam left for Stanford, Dean realized that it was all true. He was alone, had driven everyone away, and by now he knew better than to hope for someone to stick around and deal with his bullshit.
On one hand, there was Castiel, still graceful and stoic despite his new human form, managing to appear angelic nevertheless, regardless of his situation. He was still looking at Dean with intensity, his arms limp over his sides, with his tie askew and his trench coat unbuttoned, revealing the suit beneath.
Again, unfortunately for Sam, the small sound was still audible and it drew the younger Winchester closer to the Impala, the floor echoing his cautious steps. Dean could imagine the scene: the room dimly lit, as per usual; the car in her usual spot, uncharacteristically with one of the doors open, a careless mistake that Dean would have never done to his Baby; his own duffle bag still laying on the floor, untouched, probably next to a belt, if Castiel’s throwing hadn’t been entirely mindless.
. He laughed darkly at that thought. Knowing his father, the existence of demons and angels would not faze him in the slightest and he probably had something that could kill them as well.
“MY FUCKING EYES. I NEED BLEACH!” he kept on screaming, wisely keeping a certain distance from the open door.
It was a habit that had gotten him through tough times, helping him stay grounded and away from his head, when the world seemed to fall down and shatter at his feet.
He rolled over on the bed, laying on his stomach and pushing his head against the pillow to suppress the grin that spread on his face as the memories of the previous night crashed down at him. He was not a teenager with a crush, for fuck’s sake! Why was he suddenly acting like one?
Dean counted each passing beat, not knowing when the axe would drop on his neck, guillotining him in the same spot his heart had already died, just a few days before. 10, 20, 30 seconds passed and with them, Dean’s heart sank, lower and lower and lower than he thought possible.
Suddenly, as he stopped at a red light, he remembered another time he just drove without a destination, letting the miles wash over him and take away his worries. He remembered how he had just driven into the night without bothering to check about cars incoming his way or without following road rules, hoping for the best. He didn’t remember the fight between his father and his brother, after all the years they had blended together all in one, but he remembered just how hopeless and numb he had felt, driving away, only to turn around when his duty clocked him at a red light.
But, before he could close in on himself again, Cas just squeezed his hands, reassuringly, comforting.
But wishfully thinking about what it would have been like to be raised by Bobby Singer was not something had the chance to dwell on. Especially not as a slightly concerned angel was pulling him out of his haze.
here we have the parallels between DeanCas and Patroclus and Achilles, cause I couldn't help myself!
Which, for Dean and Cas, meant giving him structure and safety and love, being the parental figure that neither of them had ever had, and, for Claire, it meant being his big sister, helping him pull pranks on their
His unhealthy coping mechanism still screamed at the back of his head to be used, but he knew better than to fall into their traps.
During the years, he had managed to recognise the different reactions his body had for each situation, sometimes ignoring them in favour of following his head and lead, or the orders that he had been given. He knew that his gut clenched whenever he seemed lost, void of solutions on how to get out of a hunt or a trap or a tiny motel room without making the old door creak and alerting the other people inside, and he knew that his heart raced, whenever he figured out that, in order to save himself, he’d have to do something stupid and dangerous and that could probably kill him, if the monsters didn’t beat him to that.
“ his mind spoke softly, bringing him some clarity. Of course that wasn’t how Dean saw the Angel: Castiel had been kind and understanding and downright amazing. He was fun to be around, with his complete lack of pop culture and quick remarks, and he managed to make Dean’s heart flutter faster than anybody else ever had and his cheeks blush. When he had complimented him earlier about his work, he had not believed him, yet throughout the day Castiel had pointed one too many aspects of Dean’s research for it to be intentional, claiming it was ‘
Not that he could actually blame him, not when he hated himself despite all of his Angel’s reassurances. It would be fitting, he realised, after years he would finally cross his Angel’s boundaries, driving him away in the effort to pull him closer.
Of course, his fear was irrational. It took only one look at Bobby to realise that. The older man was looking at him softly with unbridled joy, teary-eyed and warm smile. “What are you waiting for, you idjit?”
But those were issues that he was slowly but surely resolving with his shifter therapist, who was doing their damned best to help him get over his imposter syndrome, among the other burning pile of shit that was his mental health. And the love and comfort of his family did wonders, especially against the nasty thoughts that crept down on him every morning, urging him to stay in bed and do nothing, to be nothing.
Dean had told the kid to stop reading in the car somewhere in the middle of Tennessee, remembering all too well the countless times Sammy had done something like that and had ended up barfing all over from motion sickness over the years, much to his and his father’s displeasure, but Jack had just ignored him, telling him that he needed to finish
Well, the heart is both an organ and a muscle, since it is made of striated musculature that, unlike the other striated muscle, contracts without having the interaction with bone tissue. It’s thanks to its contractions that it manages to push the blood through the arteries and veins, to make sure it arrives in the little circulation with the lungs, getting oxygenated blood to go back into the heart and to then go the periphery of the body, and to ensure it works. The heart is divided into four chambers…
They remained in comfortable silence, Dean driving and Claire engrossed in her texting, when another notification appeared, this time on Dean’s phone. He nodded at the girl to pick it up and watched as she read the message that had just arrived with a smile on her face, wondering who it must’ve been from.
“Bullshit!” yelled Dean, “You don’t get it, she ...” The hunter tried to finish the sentence, but no sound came out of his mouth. He opened it and closed it a few times, before settling down to just violently glare at the man in front of him. “You will get your ability to speak back when you learn not to use such foul language. Now, I presume you are not talking about a human infant, do I stand correct?”
A tense silence fell between them, until it was broken by the hunter himself, "Dude! Keep the info coming. I gotta know more!"
Castiel interrupted his train wreck of thoughts. “You can still get to safety” he said quietly, intensely staring at him as if to try to figure something out.
Now, back to the topic. I promised that this was going to be quick and I shall deliver. Besides, I do have a game I am on the way to win!
He didn’t know if he should’ve cried out in rage or thanked his lucky stars when Castiel calmly replied: “Thank you for the compliment on my vessel, but I fail to see your point.”
Dean really doubted that Jack had left everything as he had found it. The kid had moved all the furniture inside his room at the bunker three times before he got exactly the layout he wanted. No, Dean was confident that his son had taken a look at the obscene walls and just, tore them down with a flick of his hand, remodelling the entire place to his heart’s content.
Still, Dean launched himself at them gladly, diving head-first into their yellowed pages. He had gathered in four trips to the main room every single text that looked suspicious, dumping them unceremoniously on the three tables without order or thought, just wanting to have them all in one room so he could freely jump from one to the other without moving too much. He would have had the entire day to sort them, after all.
"I suppose it is futile trying to convince you otherwise. You hunters are notorious for your stubbornness. Fine. But not in this house. I have already wasted too much time in here.”
Thankfully for him, this time, it wasn’t his father staring down the barrel of his gun, a disapproving look on his face as he claimed he had ‘been too slow’. Not so thankfully for him, for his sanity and his faked heterosexuality, Castiel was seated and patiently staring at him, presumably waiting for him to wake, not at all bothered by the gun. The Angel had discarded his trench coat and suit jacket and his hair was more dishevelled than it had been the previous day.
But another side of him, the one that had given up on hope, that thought that nothing good ever happened, not to him at least, the part that knew that he didn’t deserve to be saved all those years back and that he definitely didn’t deserve his bliss now, it was screaming in his head. The nasty voice that had always been there, and that sounded too much like his father’s for his own liking, was roaring to life, echoing that this wasn’t real. That he had imagined it all once again, just as he had done after Castiel had left him in Purgatory.
And, when he needed to vent and rant and scream, he did. He finally allowed himself to do so, instead of holding everything back like always, growing up the way he did. His father didn’t allow emotions in the ‘
“Nonsense! You stay here and get back on track, while we take care of things. What could a few demons do against me? I’m their Queen, whether they like it or not,” she proudly declared, raising her neck slightly to make the light catch in her crown, creating a rainbow effect that shined off the walls. “Samuel, would you mind accompany me to Hell so that I can put everyone back in line?”
When they had finally arrived back to the bunker, after their disastrous trip, he had gone straight for the alcohol, not even taking his bloodied jacket off,
Jack was now in the middle of recounting just how he had dug the ghost’s grave with a shovel basically by himself under Claire and Dean’s proud eyes, when Cas kindly and politely stopped him, reminding him that he could keep telling his tale in the kitchen with some food.
And Dean? He had always been the opposite, everyone he met would eventually walk away from him and never look back. Castiel was gonna do the same, no exception, because he was an Angel that was wearing a human skinsuit and that would have to go back to Heaven, cause apparently that was a real thing. Dean wasn’t delusional, he knew that a fun couple of days of work together didn’t make them friends.
“Because!” he tried, words already failing him, “Because there were better movies that I wasn’t letting you watch and I already felt like shit for wasting your time around me, and I didn’t want you to realise how I felt!”
Dean immediately rushed to his side, kneeling on the cold floor uncaring of his aching bones, hand hovering over him, afraid to touch and ruin whatever chance he had at happiness. Whatever chances they had at life. His body was locked in tight by doubt, creeping on his sternum.
Eternities could have passed, and Dean wouldn’t have cared. He had his entire world right there with him, finally, after years of suffering and pain. He had his happiness.
Of course, nothing came. He knew better than to hope by now, yet a tiny part of him still believed that something good could come, foolishly so. When did things go well for the Winchesters? Never.
Dean linked their hands once more, intertwining their fingers together, and he pulled his beloved away from the incriminating car, feeling the classic signs of hunger start to become noticeable.
? Your brother? Or even worse, Jo? I love you, babe, but your music taste is kinda like Dean’s official one, which is not his real thing. I had to step up and queer up the game or you would’ve been forced to listen to Maroon 5’s greatest hits.
But, he thought sadly, that behaviour might have had something to do with his own reaction. He had been the one to kick him out of the bunker when he was in need. He had told him that he was not going to hunt with them, not without his angelic powers. He had been an asshole, for no apparent reason, and he had hated himself for it, blaming his irrational actions on his crush on the angel. He thought that some time apart would have done him good, letting himself lose focus and interest, diving into all sort of things that were not Castiel.
Dean was so incredibly familiar with Death that he couldn’t think of a single moment in his life when he wasn’t around, shadowing everything with his looming presence. But that knowledge didn’t make reality less painful.
Not that he could blame any of them: he was sure that, if the roles were reversed, he’d be throwing daggers too, and did throw his fair share, when it was his turn.
"Demons and angels can each other's true form, not just the Vessel that contains them and us. That is how we distinguish each other."
"Oh, no way in hell, hot wings! Unless you want me to hurl my stomach everywhere we go, that's a hard pass."
He exhaled a breath of relief once he heard his heart still beating steadily and his lungs properly work, but remained calm at the detection of a concussion on the hunter’s head. How had he missed it happening went beyond him.
But he wasn’t their Uncle and his father always came back, whether they liked it or not. And Sammy had cried, so much, after they had left their Uncle’s place for the last time. He had tried to comfort him as best as he could, ignoring the way his own heart broke at the knowledge that they had lost their only shot as a long happy life. But, when that didn’t work, he tried to make his brother’s cries quiet, the sound getting up to his father’s already thin nerves. He understood that he had to keep everything under control ‘cause, as he had learnt the hard way, every situation could go wrong, especially when he was involved.
It did happen once, not with Cas, and I gotta say, I am still scarred. There are things I never wanted to see and I’m gonna be the first one to try those memory erasers that scientist have been trying to make. I need to forget.
“Quality stuff, right?” Bobby joked, taking his own sip. He knew that it tasted like crap, told him himself, but the fondness made it all worth the terrible ashy aftertaste.
His hands moved automatically, relaying on muscle memory to search inside Dean’s back pocket for the swiss knife he knew the hunter always kept there no matter how many times he sat on it, splicing his palm open without a second thought.
Cas then exited the Impala, holding the car door gallantly for Dean: “Well, there is a very convenient bed waiting for us, if you’d like,” he commented, almost offhandedly, as if he was unsure of what the answer might end up being.
It wasn’t tradition per se, having a hunter style funeral after the sun was gone, but it was nice nevertheless. Whenever they had to burn a body to kill its ghost, it was better to do so with the complicity of the dark, this way no one would disturb them too much. But burning one of their own required painstaking patience, especially nowadays, when people didn’t stay as dead as they used to.
“One day. 24 hours, Castiel, that’s all I’m asking. Then you can kill both, I swear. Just let me try to save her.”
should be preserved from mockery,” he commented, voice emotionless and face stoic, immobile if not for the air quotes he kept on insisting on using even at the most inappropriate times, like
He stood up, briskly swatting away Sam’s hands. Just because he was getting older, by some miracle, it didn’t mean he needed help with something so mundane, he thought, brushing over his pants to make sure no debris or dried blood had stuck to the fabric. Especially the blood, it was always such a bitch to take off, even with expertise and a very well stocked laundry room!
not really knowing what being a kid even meant, but that didn’t stop either from trying to give Jack the full experience.
Dean seemed to have a different train of thought, though. He clasped the back of the chair that was in the middle of the room, in the centre of a demon trap that had to be repainted after years of use, his expression turning mournful. “We’ll lose,” he supplied, already having given up to the idea of victory.
I ain’t gonna lie, the first time I met Castiel, I thought he was kind of a dick. He showed up out the blue kinda later than Dean and I expected, after we tried to summon him like a demon of sorts. And he wasn’t alone, the idjit brought down a thunderstorm or a marching band from Hell at least, since the sound was obnoxious and plain loud. The wind was also going crazy, the roof almost got out of there as if we were going to Oz. He also made the lights of the barn flicker like some common ghost, which activated our fight or flight, and then made all the lightbulbs explode in a shower of sparks.
"These people, they might react badly to seeing you as a guy staying in my room with only one queen-sized bed. A lot of them are old fashioned, including the man that runs the motel, so when we go in we say that you and I work together and Imma get you a separate room. So you can stay there. You know, to keep the pretences up."
The crappy motel he was staying at seemed further than Dean remembered. Mainly because he had gotten accustomed to driving everywhere, but also because he wasn’t really that much used to stumbling ‘
"Yes, I did find your name though him,” she simply said, as if it was a matter of fact. She didn’t seem to have weapons on herself, but if his gut was to be believed that didn’t make her any less dangerous. As if able to listen to his mind, which her cold smile seemed to confirm, she just kept going on her own, without needing Dean to answer.
He waited to see how the angel would've worked around the instructions, enjoying the sight. When he was fully seated inside the Impala, Dean jumped in, the action as easy as breathing.
And Castiel could not hold himself back any longer, not when those might have been their last moments alive and well. He was immediately next to his beloved’s side, holding his arms out and encircling him once Dean had leapt in his embrace. He waved his uninjured hand through the fine strands of blonde hair that was softer than he could have ever imagined. He carefully held Dean close to his chest, letting him regain his breathing and ready to hear whatever his hunter might have had to say, never silencing him, desperately trying to chase away the ghosts of a past that still hunted the marvellous soul in his arms.
And, with Cas, he didn’t need to hide, he didn’t need to be afraid or ashamed. He could just be himself, out and proud and finally happy.
' is." The angel's eyes were slightly getting darker and for a second Dean wondered if the actual sky was stirred in them.
“Next time we meet, I’ll try to make a greater entrance,” he claimed, taking a step back to avoid the temptation to stay, “Just, please try to avoid stabbing me on our next encounter, Dean.”
But now? Now he wanted to live, fully, openly, happily. He was done burying himself. Not just for Castiel, although he was a very good encouragement. He deserved to be recognised as himself, not just a little soldier to John’s plans or a pawn in the wars with Heaven and Hell.
Castiel had remained silent during his ramblings, giving him time to finish, and he kept on being silent afterwards. Dean knew that he was being illogical, that they were already there, with all their cards laid on the table and, by some miracle, appearing to be matching, yet he couldn’t shake the dread and fear that clung to his bones.
He wanted to yell back at the cosmic entity, to make them stop with whatever they were doing, but no sound came out. His throat burned and his eyes watered down, as all he could do was stay put on the cold ground, begging to whoever might be listening in this pocket of space for the pain to stop. But, Dean reminded himself, no one was listening. Not even Jack, his son, the most powerful being in the entire creation, who was behind in the bunker, whose powers were still unknown and uncontrollable, and who had absolutely no jurisdiction there.
Another thing that 26 years old Dean would have died over was the casual display of affection, the ‘chick flick’ moments and the being absolutely and unrestrainedly head over heels in love.
Hell, his lock screen was a picture of Castiel wearing the blue apron that they had gotten at a thrift shop a couple of months prior and that read ‘
After his abrupt awakening and after he had managed a quick shower to get the image of Castiel waiting for him to wake up out of his mind, he had finally gotten his coffee. Castiel had insisted on having a full meal, stumbling between the words breakfast and lunch due to their current circumstances, because ‘
Dean felt more than heard another sigh coming from his back, resigned and pointed and so very tired, before a shuffle of dress shoes over the tiles of the floor indicated that he was alone, again, as he should be. As he should remain.
The hunter then abruptly swallowed his bite, wiping his mouth with a nearby napkin, and moved to hold one of the potatoes in front of Castiel’s face: “This” he said with a superiority tone and aura, “is a fry. Pop one into your mouth.” He then proceeded to complete the action himself, effectively showing the correct procedure. Castiel was more cautious, though, and took his time to examine the curious shape; it clearly was fried in oil and coated in salt, yet he could not understand the great importance of the starchy vegetable. Surely, the Irish held them in high consideration, after their many years of starvation due to the low crops. But they were not in Ireland.
“Fine!” both kids yelled, disappearing down the long line of hallways that connected the rooms of the bunker, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the garage.
One moment prior, there was only darkness, a cold void, but now a beam of light illuminated the cosmic entity in front of him.
He couldn’t cry, wouldn’t. He needed to remain still, he had no time to waste on tears. Even if he desperately wanted them to come, the tears still remained behind, unable to fall. Years of holding them back worked too well.
'. Usually, a prophet might speak of particular humans that managed to do so, but I have never heard or read of her."
“And… you’re mocking me right now!” he added, burying once again his face in Castiel’s neck, playfully leaving brief kisses to the exposed skin, causing the angel to shiver despite the warm weather.
Neither Dean nor Cas could keep down their laughter anymore, breaking down in a fit of giggles that shook the car some more, for great measure. Sam’s responding pained groan came clear to their ears as if it was music.
guys sorry to come out like this out of the blue, but would you mind giving me a bit of a feedback on this fic?
After all, being raised under John Winchester meant zero tolerance for those that were different, queer, unnatural in their world already so fucked up. Those poisonous teachings didn’t go away easily, as he had experienced on his own skin. And, even if Sam was the smart one, the one that got out, even for a little, the one who got to go to college and live his life, that didn’t mean anything.
birthday, his father had gifted it to him, making up for 12 years of missed birthday and Christmas presents. His Baby was everything to him, second only to his father and brother. He cherished it like it was his own child, even more. She was an extension of his soul, a part of his body. He trusted her with his life, never betrayed him once. He felt way more comfortable cramped up in the driver seat than in any spacious room.
“Well, in that case…” Castiel leaned down, taking hold of their kiss once again as Dean wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him down flush against his body in a practised move.
"You don't say!" sarcastically snapped back the hunter. "From now on, we're either driving around in my car or we're walking. No more of that freaky mojo shit."
Yet, he kept his mouth shut, like always, like he should. That man in front of him was still his father, his family, and he had to treat him with respect, not because he had earned or deserved it, but because Dean was smarter than he looked and he knew when to pick his battles. Had always known.
But he knew that, if it was up to him, he would’ve fallen to his knees and simply laid there, forever, unable to continue in a world without his Angel.
“You prophet shit now?” he asked too quickly for his own liking, trying to look anywhere but at Castiel, and staring intensely at the liquid in his glass like it might hold all the answers in the universe.
Dean couldn’t tell how long they just remained like that, the only sign of time pass coming from the sky above. It moved slowly and too fast at the same time, night falling way too soon and showing a series of constellations that Dean had never seen before in his life. He doubted that the scenery was visible anyway on Earth.
But the angel had to come out and say those things, all those beautiful and cruel and tragic things, just right before he got taken away, leaving him alone in the aftermath. Dean knew that the only person in the entirety of Creation that understood him was Castiel and so he hadn’t doubted him, not in the immediate time after, not when facing Chuck. How could he not believe that the love of his life had seen right into his ruined soul, witnessed all the good and bad and ugly, choosing to remain by his side?
“We could go for a drive,” he suggested in a quiet voice, not really knowing what the destination would look like. He just wanted to get in Baby and drive around Heaven, with Castiel by his side, shotgunning and badly singing along with his music. He just wanted to be next to him, like he always was on Earth, only now with the ability to reach over the console and to grab his hand, never letting go.
They leaned back on their throne once more, regarding their nails as if they were the most important thing in creation, as if the fate of countless angels and demons wasn’t important. “Because I want to go back to sleep knowing that I will never see you or your angel ever again!” they stated, snapping once again their fingers to show Dean another one of his memories. Another one of his nightmares.
Everyone in his life had died at least once at some point, some rather violently. He knew better than to pray now, aware that he would not like the replies, but when he was younger he didn’t know better and it led to hope, such an addicting drug that leads nowhere. He didn’t even know who he was praying to, but some small part of him believed that there was someone keeping an eye out for him and so he kept on hoping he was being heard. Again, he knew way better now.
But, at the end of the day, he had finished his job with minimal collateral damage, which was more than a certain number of his siblings could say. He had made a quick work of the first possessed victim, which did not present Angelic wounds and therefore could be easily suspected of being murdered by one of his own species. Heaven was not to concern itself with human justice and it was not his nor any of his siblings problems.
But still, sometimes, he needed to let off some steam and what better way to do it than behind the wheel, right?
He playfully shoved Cas a little with his shoulder, letting his arms fall to the angel’s side to hold firmly onto his hips, hooking his fingers through the belt loops of his jeans. Another difference from before and now, was the fact that Cas wore different clothes, instead of always being in full suit and trench coat ensemble.
Nobody mentioned why he always had the car ready to run and he wasn’t about to break it down to anyone, after all. It was a gut feeling, the notion that he should just say ‘
Castiel began to mumble a series of incomprehensible sounds. They sounded rather ancient and powerful
He could still pretend, for a little longer, that this wasn’t real, that he hadn’t lost his best friend, that he wasn’t alone. If he only left the sheet on, didn’t touch it, left that cabin, that life. It would be too easy, to take Baby and just drive until the gas ran out, and to just sit there, at the edge of the world, waiting for the End. It would be peaceful, then, he wouldn’t need to fight anymore, just take in the scene and breathe, one last time.
He extended himself out of the vehicle, removing his belt and closing the door as the hunter had done, and began walking towards the said human. He simply could not understand the concept of eating, for it was beneath him and his siblings. Every human aspect was beneath him, yet here he was, entering a room that smelled of oil and salt above all, following an insolent hunter who was now seated next to a small table and was eyeing rather aggressively a small piece of rigid paper.
He couldn’t help the mirthless laugh that escaped him. He had spent his entire life thinking and believing he was wrong for just existing, and here he was, getting told off by a literal Angel, a perfect being. “Yeah, I know. Habit of mine,” he said, voice cracking as he closed his eyes, swallowing back sobs.
“So am I,” he yelled back, uncaring if he would have to start all over with the spell. He turned around, as carefully as he could, and looked his brother dead in the eye. ‘
“Please. Please help us,” he begged one last time, unsure of whom he was talking with. It didn’t matter anymore, he would have taken anyone’s offer. But no one would answer, he bitterly realised, again, not for the last time.
He had actually believed that Billie was to blame for the disappearance of all their friends and hunters in her vengeful path. It would fit in her schemes of grandeur, after all.
“Okay, Chuck…” he began, unsure of what he was supposed to say. He hadn’t prayed in a long time, not since Purgatory, didn’t really have had the need to do so. Not when he had his Angel on speed dial, texting at all the hours of the day and night and letting him exhale freely, even from miles away. “Or God, or whatever. I… I need your help,” he choked, unable to formulate words any longer. He knew that this was going to be painful and pointless, he knew better than to pray to an entity who never cared about any of them. But he had to try. For Cas.
"What a perfect explanation. Tell me, Deanna, did you study the English language in-depth?" asked the angel with a small smile on his lips.
No, his Angel was discreet and calming, had grown to know him better than he knew himself. And Dean loved him for that, for the familiarity of their banter, for knowing exactly how many coffees he needed to function in the morning, how he needed his space sometimes to let his mind run and kill him, how he liked the mindless company afterwards.
Instead, the two of them had talked the entire time until she fell asleep, for over eight hours, about their WandaVision theories and how it would link to the rest of the previous and upcoming MCU, about the new instalments in the Star Wars Universe, about Lovecraft and Vonnegut, while blasting Led Zeppelin and blink-182 from the radio, with Jack completely engrossed on his book in the backseat.
“Dean?” a shaky voice called him, distant and near at the same time. The voice was low and kind, with just an edge of fear in the tone, and the hand that was holding his was growing tighter and tighter, closing in harshly but gently, a silent reminder that he was alive, somehow. Somewhere in his mind, he knew that he could trust whoever was speaking, but his eyes weren’t cooperating still, refusing to work.
