“No, I’m afraid not.” Sherlock watched her face fall slightly, and with a faint shock heard himself say: “But I expect it won’t take long to learn.”
“I wanted to call her Caroline, after my grandmother. God knows who her father is.” He stared hard at the fire, attempting to quell the blind fury and grief. There was panic there too, threatening to overwhelm him. The life he had mapped out had somehow dissolved so quickly. He didn’t feel capable of saying anything else, possibly ever again.
“There’s been no evidence to suggest that he returned to Edinburgh after Wednesday, but at the moment, most of the evidence certainly seems to point towards Garcia.” said Menzies, getting to his feet and looking around for his hat. “Now, Mr. Holmes, I’m sure you realise the delicacy of this situation. My superiors will not be happy to hear that there’s a civilian involved in this situation, even a man such as yourself.”
Sherlock’s eyes were wide, but he managed to say: “Oh, certainly. Yes.” in a slightly stunned voice.
Red, and blue. Once John began to see the pattern, it was everywhere. From what he could make out in the low light, the two groups were differentiated by some item of clothing in those colours. Patrick’s red sweater. The pale woman’s scarf. The dark haired woman’s coat.
“Everyone has a bloody secret in that house.” John muttered, watching Patrick disappear down a narrow stone-walled sidestreet.
Scent of spearmint gum, chewing loudly. [From somewhere hidden and shadowy, the darkest recesses of the Mind Palace:
As it turned out, there were only three commercial premises on the London road starting with the letters ‘Barn‘; namely Barnsmore Carpets, Barnett and Culpeper’s Self Storage and Barnisdael’s Caravan dealership. Sherlock threw John’s jacket at him and hustled him out of the door briskly. He had paused on the path momentarily, before darting back to the open door and shouted instructions to Violet about keeping some dinner for them both.
“Some people have taken him.” Violet said, quietly, eventually. “We don’t know where. There’s a woman in there who probably has a clue and she’s dangerous as hell Murdy. I know you want to be here. I know you think you can help. But you need to leave, now. I’m sorry, Murdy. But that’s the way it is. This is too dangerous by half. You can help by going home and letting us sort this out, that’s all.”
“It was so selfish of me, really.” Mrs. Duncan said, looking wretched. “I decided to put my feet up for ten minutes and finish my needlepoint before I got on with everything else. If only I’d bucked up and continued with my list of things to do, I would never have drunk the tonic water. It has taught me a great lesson, you may be sure of that.” she added, looking as if she wanted to make this point very clear.  Her restless fingers had strayed to the rough sheets and cellular blanket on her bed and they twisted nervously in the layers of fabric. “I quite ruined Christmas because of it. The carol service was cancelled, in the end. Charles insisted on coming with me to the hospital. And the mince pies were never finished at all.”
“Any time, Murdy. You know you’re always welcome.” Violet said with a smile. “We’ll see you later. Give my regards to your dad.”
Because John was so focussed on scanning the dim corners of the graveyard in front of him, he was entirely unprepared for the arm that wrapped around his waist and pressed firmly across his mouth. Instinctively he rammed his left elbow sharply backwards, aiming for his attackers’ solar plexus, his heart hammering and adrenaline soaring. Unfortunately they seemed to have anticipated this move and caught his arm easily. He tried to shout, but his mouth was firmly covered by a gloved hand. Leather gloves.
“What is it? I know I'm terribly alluring, but I don’t think that’s your game.” she asked, deciding the direct approach was probably best.
“Next time, then…” John promised, contenting himself with blowing gently on the slick hole and watching Sherlock shudder. “Think you’re ready for another?”
“Certainly, Dad.” Rosie informed him, waving a hand in a dismissive fashion before she returned her attention to the volcanic splatters in the bathtub. “We shall attend to it directly.”
“Well, um. I’d be delighted to. Especially because I’ve no idea how I’m going to get back to London.” Lestrade said, a little sheepishly. “Please call me Greg, though.”
The detective blinked several times before frowning and turning around to face John where he sat up in the high bed, swaddled in layers of dishevelled sheets and blankets. “-well, no; I don’t see a military angle to it at this point.” Sherlock said, thoughtfully. “It’s a possibility, though.”
John made a frantic shushing gesture and stepped closer to Sherlock. He lowered his voice. “Sherlock... you don’t think...um...that he
“Three men, in a dark grey land rover. They’ve taken Sherlock, and headed north. I didn’t see them…” John paused, forcing himself to marshal his thoughts. “Patrick tried to tell me- he said that one of them was blonde and another was bald. He thought one was French and another was eastern European of some kind. Something about a tattoo and a dog?” he trailed off, feeling more than useless. “Shit, this is nothing. This is useless. We’ve got to get after them, Anthea!”
He froze suddenly, as he caught sight of a blurry smear in the snow a few feet away. The flakes were continuing to fall, creating another layer of perfect white in all directions. But the darkness wasn’t yet obscured; it was only gradually fading out of sight. John leapt towards it, digging into the snow with his gloved hands. There was a shallow impression in the snow, outlined by a reddish halo. A footprint, stained with blood. Another, a few feet away.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” John replied, very seriously. He couldn’t help the way the corners of his mouth were curling up. Within seconds, the irrepressible grin was plastered across his face and he felt his heart lighten as an answering small, private smile inched onto Sherlock’s face.
John didn’t like the idea of Mrs. Duncan wandering the banks of the river at dusk at all, not with slushy snow and mud covering the narrow path that ran alongside the water. What on earth could have convinced her to make the trip?
“Don’t do that.” [The Alsatian. Schneider] He spoke in a quiet, monosyllabic tone from the direction of the drivers seat.
And with this declaration, he jogged away from the ruins, past the straggling trees and into the darkness. The crowd followed him rapidly, with varying degrees of enthusiasm. Some of them were limping from real injuries sustained in the fight. The last to leave were the mournful looking musicians. The cellist heaved her case onto her back and trudged away downhill, thoroughly downcast. The violinist and drummer picked up the lanterns and followed her, leaving the clearing in darkness once more.
Sherlock seemed reluctant to neglect the steaming plate of duck and roasted squash that Margaret had just placed in front of him, but grudgingly lowered his fork when John nudged him sharply.
“They’re gone.” he said softly, after a long moment. Sherlock didn’t move, his face pinched and twisted. Very slowly, John slipped across the wide bench seat and wrapped his arm around Sherlock, pulling him down so that his forehead came to rest on John’s shoulder. He was rigid in the awkward embrace, seeming unable to let go of John’s arm where it was trapped between them.
“Bloody good idea.” Violet agreed, before John could complain about being made wait on Sherlock yet again. “Let’s break out the last of the Frapin, shall we?”
(Oh, god. It’s not like I don’t want to; but this is potentially a really incredibly Not Good idea…)
“The bastard made her do porn, then left her after taking all her cash?” John glared at the DVD fiercely. “Christ. But she still got involved with him again, didn’t she? She must have forgiven him for some reason.”
“She doesn’t like real squirrels, you see.” Murdy remarked wryly. “They come and eat the birdseed. So she got Dalziell to squirrel-proof the table. It was much more entertaining when she used to hang out the windows and shriek at them, though. You could hear her from right across the village.”
Lestrade gave them an aggrieved look, and John finally noticed just how weary he looked. His clothes were crumpled, his face unshaven and eyes bleary. “So I got as far as Edinburgh by plane and then got a mate who works with the coastguard to arrange a lift up here for me by chopper. Only to find your ex-missus being frogmarched out, and nobody who could tell me anything! Then these two awful little girls showed up and told me about how they couldn’t find their sisters and that you’d probably kidnapped them!”
Mycroft came to stand beside John at the kitchen window, straightening his tie and fastening the buttons of his jacket with one deft hand. John started slightly; he wasn’t entirely sure how long he had been standing staring out into the grounds, watching the snow blanketing the branches of a nearby pine tree. He supposed it was probably only a matter of a minute or so; a quick glance over his shoulder showed Mary still sitting motionless in her chair, Anthea leisurely adding a few more loops of duct tape around her torso for good measure. Violet was nowhere to be seen.
“I’m going through the garden and I’ll try the windows. That’s where he got in. Keep trying here.” John snapped tersely, and turned to Phyllis who was pressed against the wall nearby, wringing her hands. “Phyllis, go and find Patrick and Basil. Get them to help break the door down.”
“Then let go of my arm, please.” John said, with more than a hint of steel. George seemed slightly surprised to find that his bony hand was still clutching John’s upper arm. He detached them slowly, with a great show of wiggling his spindly fingers.
“Dried blood, I should imagine. That isn’t from the stab wound.” Sherlock said, thoughtfully. “A slightly older injury, but not by much. Did you notice her hurting her hand, Vi?”
“But I liked it too.” Sherlock protested, looking a little confused. “I got to measure the difference of the range of motion in your scapulae; I’ve wanted to do that for ages!”
“Oh, possibly.” Anthea said, rather dismissively. “Excuse me while I go and make some calls. Miss Vernet, may I trouble you for a phone charger-?”
“On the bed, then. In your room, the door closed but the lights on so that I can see every inch of your beautiful body. I can see and feel every shiver, every twitch you make. I’ll put a pillow under you so you’re comfortable, and your cock will be pressed down, so that I can reach it between your thighs. While I’m rimming you, I’ll start rubbing the tip of my finger against you. I won’t push in, not for a while. I’ll wait until you’re loose, and I’ll slowly edge just the tip in-“
The silk covered walls of the bedroom had probably still been green around a century earlier; but now they had faded to a soft grey. Huge numbers of framed butterflies lined the walls, pinned inside rows and rows of cases. The bed was large and very high, with slightly tattered dark green hangings. Like the rest of the house, the room was full of odd eclectic clutter; when John tugged the curtains open to let more light into the dim room he noticed three overflowing bookcases under the sills. There was a beautiful mother-of-pearl inlaid backgammon set on a spindly table nearby, next to a bell-jar containing the skeleton of a small monkey surrounded by mouldering dried flowers and stones.
“True. But Freddie was a man, and it is eminently clear that George Marmaduke has little time for the platonic company of women – he is almost as much of a misogynist as dear Miss Jessop. And, significantly, Freddie Garcia was a talented artist with the potential for success. Far more so than George himself. I rather think that he was prepared to be friendly towards Garcia, on the basis that he could be associated with a rising star of the art world. And I’m quite sure that Freddie would make a point of staying friendly with a man who could supply him with recreational drugs and from whom he could borrow money.” Sherlock paused, and extracted a small parcel from the bottom of the box using two fingers wrapped in a handkerchief. He hummed in a satisfied manner and waved it at John, who recognised the green plastic wrapping; identical to the small parcel they had found under the bed in the studio. “Splendid. Of course, chemical analysis can confirm the fact that both supplies came from the same batch. But the wrappings and the exotic nature of the drug provide ample evidence for the time being. We had better replace this, though; that blithering idiot Menzies will need everything spelt out for him.”
“Yes, I do.” Sherlock said calmly, folding his hands on John’s chest and resting his chin on them. “I need you to know that I still want this. I know that earlier, things didn’t go as smoothly as they could have done. That was not your fault, and I don’t want you to feel like you have to keep away from me. I
“And I’m not one of them.” The Reverend said plainly. “I can’t say I know Hector too well, but he seems a nice sort of man. Not a regular churchgoer, but I don’t hold that against him. Speaking of which, I’m afraid I’d better be heading next door. I’m supposed to start the service in a few minutes. With poor Alice still in hospital, I’ve got to set out the prayer books and make sure everything is in order beforehand.”
Sherlock did not respond to this, partially due to the fact that his mouth was now full of cake; but mainly because he didn’t seem to feel the need to dignify such toadying with an answer.
“Aunt Violet. May I present my heartiest congratulations on this most joyous of days?” he asked brightly, obviously deciding that cheerful insolence was the way to proceed.
His first instinct had been to tell Mycroft just how unlikely it was that he would leave Sherlock, now that things were… different. Well no, his first instinct had been to tell him to do something anatomically improbable with his umbrella. But regardless of all that… surely it was about bloody time he took a step back and started to respect the fact that Sherlock was a grown man (alright, a capricious, easily bored and dangerously curious grown man) who could make his own decisions.
“That’s Miss Argyle’s place.” she said gruffly, nodding towards a small neat cottage next to the school.
“He said that you approached him, back in 1997. You wrote him a very charming letter, telling him that you wished to make a donation to the museum. That, as an archivist, you would be delighted to arrange the transport and installation of the items, which came from a private benefactor. In return for this very generous donation, you asked for a short contract of employment in their manuscripts department. Does any of this ring a bell, Aunt Violet?”
But a small part of him, for all his enthusiasm and desire, was still a bit unsure about this next development. Not about Sherlock, or what was happening between them. It was just… well. John had never had his mouth anywhere near a man’s cock before. He didn’t know what it would be like (hell, what’s it going to
, is a drug dealer and a predator. He has been under the influence of his own wares, and I deemed it best to lock him up. You can take him away with you when you go.” He added, with the air of a man bestowing a favour.
“We need to talk to Hilary Jessop again. I suspect she hasn't been entirely forthcoming with all of the information she possesses.”
“Oh, my god.” he said blankly, staring at the gleaming steel barrel, the matt black grip. “Oh, Sherlock.
Sherlock closed his eyes and swallowed again. “You’re so much better at this sort of thing. And I generally don’t think that we need to say things. Important things, I mean. To each other. I usually find it safe to assume that you know the important things.”
“John, you muppet! It’s only me!” Violet hissed, squeezing his wrists before letting go. “Easy, soldier.”
“And not a fucking word about how this is all in my head, ok?” John muttered as Sherlock helped him to his feet and towards the stairs. The stress of the evening and the cold of the steps outside had left his leg aching horribly.
“Hedda, as it turned out, was something of an ally. She was as cold as her son, but I think she realised that I was clever quite quickly. I helped in the kitchen, because at least that was something I knew how to do. I was terribly worried that they would throw me out, you see. And as anxious as I was, I didn’t want to face being alone in a foreign country. So I did my utmost to be useful. The staff didn’t want me to clean, but I was permitted in the kitchen. A lot of my early Norwegian language skills came from the shelves of cookbooks; I knew the words for ‘ladle’ and ‘chopping knife’ before I learnt ‘dog’ or ‘friend’. Hedda allowed me to use the library, and she watched me for a while as I began to read. Slowly at first, then faster and faster. I managed to read Great Expectations in Norwegian within a month of my arrival, and I didn’t really need the dictionary for much longer. That was the greatest incentive, you see – a limitless supply of books to read. I didn’t care what language they were in, I was damn well going to read them all.
“Ha. Nice try. I think Violet was trying to get me out from under her feet and sent me up here with this.” John clambered on to the foot of the bed, next to where he had deposited the tray. He grabbed a roll before Sherlock could get to them all and took a bite. “She has also heard from the local constabulary, who don’t sound pleased about the fact that you’re here. An Inspector Menzies is likely to show up later this morning.”
Violet and Murdy were walking a little ahead of Sherlock and John as they headed down the wooded path near the river. Murdy seemed to have calmed somewhat after obliterating Miss Argyle’s collection of twee gnomes and ceramic squirrels. Once she had pushed over the bird table, she allowed herself to be persuaded to come away; only putting up a token protest when Violet wouldn’t permit her to smash some windows for good measure. Violet was blithely chattering on about that nights ceilidh, one sharp eye on Murdy’s darkly thoughtful face as they passed through the silver birches.
“Mmmm… oh, various ways. I established a few boltholes here and there with some basic supplies, so that was useful. You can do without food for quite a while, but water’s essential. You can’t eat snow, if you’re already cold it’s going to lower your body temperature even faster. You need to melt it, say with a rock that you’ve warmed in your hands or under your arm. Ideally in a container of some description, but failing that; just your palm will do. Staying as dry as you can is just as important, getting a layer of insulation between yourself and the ground is essential. I always used to carry a knife in those days, so I used it to cut down pine boughs. Made a kind of shelter out of them a couple of times, against a tree.” Violet’s eyes had grown vague and hazy as she delved into the memories. “Staying dry, that’s the main thing. If you can’t do that and you’re in low enough temperatures, you’ll be on the way out. If you’re soaked through, it can help if you can get some dry material between your skin and your wet clothes. I used to stuff leaves, old sacking, anything I could get my hands on inside my jumpers. Even pine boughs a couple of times.”
“Good morning, John.” Mycroft said smoothly, a slight smile on his foxy features. “Good to see you. I’ll just come in, shall I?”
He glanced at the remaining handful of youths nearby, some cowering; others frozen. Some worryingly blank, eyes dull and almost uninterested in what was happening. No help there.
Dropping the coats and shoes on the ground, he darted to the end of the jetty and scanned the water frantically, still directing the beam of the torch out onto the surface.
“I remember.” John swallowed hard, moving into Sherlock’s space again; his eyes trained on those full, damp lips. “Unfortunately, so does our landlady.”
“John!” Mycroft called several minutes later, his voice hoarse and strained. He was several feet away, his torch trained on a rocky outcrop.
“Not many.” Sherlock said, clearly pleased at this unexpected development. “Not many at all.” He was frequently pleased when people did something unusual, John thought to himself with a certain level of bemusement.
“John played rugby at university.” Sherlock remarked unexpectedly, in between large spoonfuls. “He was evidently quite good, despite his somewhat diminutive stature.”
John grinned at the road ahead and slowed the car as they crossed a narrow stone bridge over a frozen burn.
It’s exactly one week away, and John’s begun to feel the approach of the anniversary in his bones already. It’s there, in the itch of his skin and the pulse of his heart. He doesn’t need to look at the calendar; he knows this sensation and how it creeps up on him every year.
His hands were shaking now as well as his voice. Sherlock’s gaze was unwavering, his posture entirely still. The light from the fire threw the angles of his austere face into sharp relief.  He didn’t seem likely to say anything, which somehow made John feel obliged to keep rambling on. He took another swallow of whiskey, and choked slightly.
“Oh, I have.” Anthea assured her. “In somewhat more diplomatic terms though. Mr Holmes has also instructed me to make arrangements for nursing care at his home in London, for when Mr Singh can leave hospital.”
One final push round an outcrop of boulders, and John stopped dead. With shaking hands he directed the beam of his torch at the small lantern which swayed on a rusting hook, set into a tumbledown pile of rocks. A sheet of rusting iron gave scant shelter; but what stopped his heart was the sight of a rotting wooden door set beneath it. He could barely bring himself to move; hope and fear warring within his chest. There was no sound coming from within.
There was a perfunctory tap on the library door at this point, and Margaret Gothford poked her head into the room.
John edged towards Sherlock, reaching for his outstretched hand. The ghostly shapes that John could see from the corner of his eyes seemed to be growing, lurching out of the fog. The low hissing noises were growing louder. Sherlock grabbed John’s arm and dragged him roughly up the first few steps at lightening speed. “Hurry! We need to get higher up!”
“Oh, er-“ he hedged, trying to think of a deflection. The Reverend, after all, had expressly asked them not to mention Mrs. Duncan’s alcoholism to anyone.
“I feel the shadow of it again every year,” John hears himself murmur and he can’t stop himself now. “It’s like a bad dream. I came so close to dying so many times. Not just in Afghanistan. But here in London, before I met you. I’m haunted by it. That I came so close to never meeting you.”
“Sherlock, you got through the kitchen door all of thirty seconds after me. Violet should never have had to face that situation. It was sick, and wrong. But,” he added, reaching out and nudging Sherlock’s knee. “Vi is tough as hell. You know that, much better than I do. And the way she swung that pan… sodding
“How did you know it was a wo-“ Erskine asked, then shut his jaw with a snap. Violet patted him in a commiserating fashion on the shoulder, and passed him a plate of honey cake along with a steaming cup of tea.
John licked his lips, watching as more and more of the fair skin was uncovered. It seemed incredible that he got to see this side of Sherlock. That he alone got to see the look on Sherlock’s beautiful strange face as John ran his worn hands down the sleek lines of his body.
John swallowed several times, finding his mouth unaccountably dry. Finally, he managed to say: “Alright. Tell me.”
“Very, very dead, Inspector Menzies. For a few days at least. We’re in a caravan dealership on the London Road in Glasgow; he hadn’t been heading for London at all. He’s been poisoned, it looks like acid.”
saying something. Because everyone knew what those places were like. And because she was a traveller, it was worse for her than it was for most. She was beaten there, too; but this time it was for her own good. It was righteous punishment, you see. It was only right that she should suffer for her
They found Violet lounging next to the fire in the drawing room shortly before eight, wearing a lavishly embroidered navy cocktail dress and a pensive expression. She brightened at the sight of them, and sat up on the Persian hearthrug, tapping some ash from her black and gold cigarette into the grate.
“Please don’t put yourself to any trouble on our account.” John murmured, wincing slightly as a couple of cans rolled out and thundered onto the tiled floor.
“Well perhaps you would be prepared to reconsider.” Sherlock suggested. “I discussed the situation with Violet earlier, and she suggested that perhaps Murdy could stay with her at the weekends at her home there. And that you and the rest of your family could use Violet’s home as a base in Edinburgh whenever you wish to visit.”
Violet grasped John’s hand convulsively and when he glanced at her she was furiously biting her lip in an effort not to laugh. He heard Sherlock inhale sharply next to him and he slid his hand onto his knee in what he hoped was a comforting gesture.
He knew that missing Moriarty was more than a Bit Not Good. He knew it would be a very bad idea indeed to mention this to John, who had eventually slept and then woke up mild mannered and yawning and complained about the unpaid gas bill. The loss of the John of the night before made Sherlock ache, just a bit.
“But an officer of the law who commits minor theft in a very public place?” Sherlock remarked, shifting in his chair and slouching just that little bit closer to Violet. He inhaled deeply, his nostrils flaring. “Could be a common or garden kleptomaniac, of course. But it could be a symptom of something rather more interesting, psychologically speaking. One lives in hope. Have the police discovered the type of poison used?”
John raised his eyebrows. “What, you haven’t figured it out already? You haven’t fished around in my head or looked at the turn-ups of my jeans and come up with the reason?”
Inspector Menzies stopped his tirade to look around at Violet, who was setting down the tray on the nearby desk. He was stationed in an attitude of righteous indignation in front of John (terribly meek) and Sherlock (terribly, terribly bored), with his small fists firmly planted on his hips.
warm, just here.” Sherlock whispered, leaning in to kiss him again and licking slowly into his willing mouth. “You’re hot and a bit damp, beginning to sweat.”
is it?” the voice exclaimed, and a rather grizzled bearded man popped up like a jack-in-the-box from behind a row of brass taps. He was wiping his hands on a rather grubby apron, evidently having been changing the kegs of beer behind the bar. “Haven’t had a Holmes in my pub for many a year, indeed!”
There was no sign of life anywhere, not even the skitter of a deer or rabbit; no flutter of birds wings. The snowfall lightened and stopped briefly, and he caught a brief glimpse of the valley by the milky light of the moon. It was endlessly, oppressively empty in every direction, filling him with a renewed sense of dread.
Sherlock’s old bedroom was lit only by the flames of the dying fire, and neither of them bothered to turn on any of the lamps. Sherlock’s crumpled jacket hit the floor carelessly before his arms wrapped around John again. When their lips met it was with a heated urgency, parting almost at once to allow the slide and tangle of tongues. John’s hands seemed to move of their own free will down to Sherlock’s thighs and arse, still exploring the provocative outline of Sherlock’s body under the unfamiliar heavy wool of the kilt. As Sherlock released his mouth and began slowly, insistently biting on the tender flesh below his ear, John glanced down through half-shut eyes, taking in the startling sight of strong, pale legs emerging from the dark folds of cloth.
Violet was obviously surprised to see both Katy Boorman and Margaret Gothford in the studio when they reached the long low building, and she paused at the narrow double doors before going in.
He stripped off his awful, bloodsoaked pajamas and sweater and kicked away the wretched, scratching pine boughs he had stuffed beneath them. He stood naked in front of the fire, turning slowly as the heat touched his sore, clammy skin. Whichever side was furthest from the flames immediately erupted into gooseflesh so intense it was almost painful; but it was worth it for the sensation of dryness and fleeting warmth. He hung his wet things up to dry over a broken chair and pulled the jacket back on; the inside at least had stayed dry and the fleece lining felt almost transcendently soft against his torso. His arse and legs were unfortunately still freezing, but once he sat on one of the sacks of straw he was at least marginally more comfortable.
He had decided to leave Sherlock to his snooping; John was never entirely happy with digging through other peoples belongings, even if one of them was a murder suspect. That still left quite a few entirely innocent people who deserved to have their privacy. Besides, he never particularly enjoyed sifting through soiled laundry and grubby wastepaper baskets. Sherlock, for all his personal fastidiousness, never seemed to mind all that much. John could never quite understand why Sherlock would joyfully fling himself into a noisome skip to look for evidence, and yet pulled disgusted nauseated faces at the oddest things (people eating yoghurt. John’s maroon jumper. The word ‘moist’).
Mycroft nodded his thanks, appearing more than a little distracted. He shrugged on his coat wordlessly, and took the umbrella from John before making his way to the door.
“Rab! Pruny! That’s enough!” Hector Antonelli protested. “Poor Mr Holmes here has clearly been through an awful ordeal. He doesn’t need you two shouting about it-“
“I suspected as much.” Sherlock murmured vaguely. His hair fell over his forehead carelessly as he hunched over the box. He impatiently pushed the dark curls away with the back of his hand, and caught John staring.
The silence seemed to stretch on forever. Hilary continued to stare at Basil, her bloodless fingers tight on his limp arm.
“Well, that’s that. Let’s all head home, shall we? This bloody snow is only getting heavier.” Violet said briskly, after a pause. She kept hold of Patrick’s hand on her arm, and began to move down the path with him.
“Oh! Gosh. Alright, then.” Phyllis said, seeming to brighten slightly and scrambling to her feet. “I do hope I haven’t been keeping everyone waiting.”
After a minute or two, the band took up their instruments again. The guests dispersed a little, drifting over to the makeshift trestle-table bar or back into the next dance. Hector Antonelli was deep in conversation with Murdy, who was appeared much more cheerful than she had done during Miss Argyle’s onslaught. She was looking up at her father’s face with a mixture of grumpiness and affection as he grasped her shoulders. He seemed intent on ensuring that she was in one piece, never mind that her adventure in the river had taken place many hours before. He guessed that she was going to leave out the details concerning Reverend Duncan until they were safely home.
“So…” Murdy swallowed hard. “So it was somebody untidy, or in a hurry who put the box in here. Maybe both.”
“These are all of yours, aren’t they?” John asked, stepping back so that he could take in the painting as a whole. Violet nodded, pressing her lips together as she slipped her hands into the pockets of her electric blue dress. She rocked back on her heels.
“On why the Reverend told us that she suffers from alcoholism. You know the man reasonably well; you tell us why he did that.” Sherlock half smiled, leaning towards her as he leant his elbows on his knees. He brought the tips of his steepled fingers to his mouth and looked expectant.
“Shut up. Go to sleep.” John turned over, which resulted in his backside pressed rather closely against Sherlock’s hip and his back against Sherlock’s shoulder. He sighed, and gave up. It wasn’t like sharing a bed wasn’t something they hadn’t done before while away on cases. They just usually stuck to their own sides of the bed (Christ, they had sides of the bed now.)
“Mrs. Duncan’s the type who looks for the good in anyone. She thinks of most of the town as her friend,” Murdy called back over her shoulder. “Even a twisted old bag like Miss Argyle.”
He tipped his head back and pressed his lips to the nape of Sherlock’s neck, the barest of touches. Sherlock momentarily tightened the grip on his hand and made a small, low sound in the back of his throat that somehow hurt John’s heart a little.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and his jaw set into a familiar mulish expression. “Oh, for pity’s sake! Why can’t that meddling git just leave me the hell alone?”
To his great surprise she leant forward and kissed his mouth briefly and firmly, her other hand coming up to rest gently on his cheek. She smelt faintly of cloves and oranges and her lips were full and smooth under his.
Violet gave him a lukewarm smile. “I should like to point out that I didn’t kill her. Just so we’re clear. I’ve always preferred psychological torture to actual murder, it’s much less messy.”
“She-“ Greg nodded towards Anthea’s back surreptitiously. “-filled me in on what’s been happening the last few days. Or at least the version of events I’m authorised to know,” he added darkly.
“WHY DON’T YOU ALL SEE IT?” Miss Argyle shouted, insensed. She stared around at the crowd, who were looking increasingly embarrassed and shocked. “THAT LITTLE BITCH NEARLY KILLED ME! JUST LIKE HER FILTHY WOP OF A FATHER!”
Bleach-blonde snorted quietly, and shook his head. He didn’t let go of Sherlock’s arm, keeping him in place and solicitously preventing him from falling over. “No, Mister Holmes. A temporary arrangement. Ana’s been very helpful, though.”
He turned and half-ran away down the hall, towards the door to the conservatory. Both John and George Marmaduke watched him go with considerable interest.
Sherlock sighed theatrically and turned away to face the fireplace. He paused before raising his bow, exhaling quietly as John stared at his angular profile. He seemed a little hesitant in the second or two before the notes began to fill the still drawing room. John didn’t recognise the tune; he was fairly sure that he had never heard this one before. It started achingly slow, low and so resonant that it seemed to seep into John’s chest rather than enter his ears.
“Of course.” Sherlock somehow sensed that John needed some help manoeuvring himself out of his chair and was on his feet in a trice, gripping his arm.
Sherlock didn’t respond, but he unexpectedly caught hold of John’s hand as he made for the door. Holding hands wasn’t something they did, not usually. Not out of bed, anyway. Their difference in height always made it a bit awkward; on some unspoken level John felt a bit childlike with his smaller hand engulfed in Sherlock’s.
John raised one of his shoulders, a little uncomfortably. “I mean both. That is… I mean, last night and yesterday; it was fantastic.
Sherlock’s oddly off balance, his face flushed and his eyes wide as he pulls John to his feet. He won’t let go of John’s arm, practically dragging him down the hall and into his bedroom. As if John might possibly have a change of heart; might decide to push Sherlock away if he doesn’t seize his chance. It would be a little funny if it wasn’t so damn painful, John thinks.
to be waging war on a pair of twelve year old girls; but the fact that they appeared to be winning outweighed this.
He knew, with sickening clarity, that Violet had found this out at a far younger age than he ever did.
“A strange woman,” Sherlock agreed thoughtfully. “Did you notice the strangest thing about her, though?”
John grinned and accepted a plate, before joining Sherlock at the table. Sherlock was avidly watching the fresh butter oozing and melting over the pile of scones, before reaching for a thick glass jar that contained a large comb of honey and several large sprigs of rosemary. He inhaled the heady scent that rolled from the deep golden contents when he opened the lid, his eyes closed and his lips parted.
Menzies sucked his moustache in a thoughtful sort of way. “It’s certainly unusual. Not unheard of, there’s always those paranoid scunners who keep their cash in the mattress. And those who mistrust banks after the crash. It’s making it hard to find him, and no mistake. None of your students have heard from him at all?”
(Alright, yes, curious in a terrifying bizarre way because let’s face it, Mycroft, I mean bloody MYCROFT in
Katy appeared a little undecided about what to say next, and she seemed to be on the verge of walking away when she stepped closer to him. “John. I know it’s probably not the done thing to ask you this, but how are you and Mr. Holmes getting on with the investigation? It’s not doing Violet any good at all, having this mess hanging over her head. Not to mention the reputation of the painting school. There was an article in the Scotsman today about Sandra's death, and I’ve had to send more than one journalist away from the door with a flea in their ear.”
John was struck by the drop in temperature as they stepped off the train into the Victorian splendour of Waverley Station. The journey had only taken four hours, but Scottish climes were certainly different to those of London. The station was quite busy, and he scanned the crowds looking for a woman who fitted the description that Sherlock had given him. Unfortunately, Sherlock had neglected to mention any physical characteristics, and after their conversation on the train he had felt wary of asking anything about how Violet looked.
“I’m taking him down to the station,” Dalziell called on the threshold of the front door. He didn’t look up at the group, focussing on keeping a firm hold on the silent minister.
So he’d spent the best part of a weeks salary on a single pair of classic button-down pajamas. The gentle pearl grey fabric was so soft he’d kept idly petting it as the sale was rung up. On the tube home he’d had an odd stutter, worried that Sherlock would be bewildered at the gesture. Dismissive, even. Or that the pajamas wouldn’t be up to his usual standards of apparel and Sherlock would be awkward about accepting a gift of something he didn’t like.
“I don’t want you to tell me anything he told you in confidence.” John said reluctantly, after a moment’s fierce wrestling with his conscience.
Petty shrugged. “The WI usually sort it out. People drop old stuff into their meeting hall and they have a big rummage sale every couple of months or so. Mrs. Duncan’s head of the WI, so she’s technically in charge of the sales, I suppose. What’s all the interest in the doll anyhow?”
He and Sherlock had spent the last two days tracking down a kidnapped teacher, who had been bundled into a van after school by three disgruntled ex-pupils. Although the kidnappers were motivated by the poor marks they received in their GCSEs, they had proved to be rather talented at practical subjects such as subterfuge, dissimulation and mild torture. It had taken longer than either John or Sherlock had anticipated before they found the unfortunate Mr. Travers handcuffed to a radiator in a derelict building.
“Um. Yes, alright. Let’s go and see the Reverend, then.” Murdy turned towards the house and began to walk again. The difference in her posture was noticeable; her shoulders dropped by several inches and the way she moved through the snow was much more relaxed.
“I could have been in a rush. I could have slept too long this afternoon,” she challenged, one eyebrow raised.
John yawned and sighed, gingerly pushing himself out of bed and wincing at the cold room. He wrestled a thick sweater over his pajamas and stretched lazily as he peered out of the window, taking in the latest heavy fall of snow and the motionless expanse of garden and fields. The river had frozen over almost completely, and closer inspection of the window itself revealed a faint film of ice on the inside of the pane. He was tempted to slide straight back between the warm sheets and wrap himself up in Sherlock’s ridiculously long arms again, but the bathroom and a pressing need for tea drove him from the room after donning a thick pair of socks.
Murdy was still holding the cigarette packet, and she quickly closed the lid with her gloved hands. She nimbly leapt onto the desk chair and dropped the box into the dusty ceiling lamp. In a couple of seconds she had returned the chair to where it had stood next to the desk, and began helping John and Sherlock shovel the scattered notebooks and correspondence off the carpet and back into the drawers.
“Oh, I’m sure she can spare you for a moment or two. After all, when Miss Boorman let me in she said that you’d been upstairs for quite some time.” Mycroft said innocently, the merest suggestion of amusement in the way he raised an eyebrow.
. That was what mattered, at least in John’s mind. He had been shocked, yes. And the story that she had told him left him… appalled? Yes, on occasion.
The strangeness of it all is steadily ebbing away, to be replaced by the wonder and sharp delight of their skin pressing together. The way they move together is unfamiliar to them both and yet within seconds it’s as natural as breathing. John runs his tongue wetly across Sherlock’s palm and then his own, moaning at the increased slickness on their flesh. There’s nothing else any more, nothing beyond the scent of skin and arousal and the sound of Sherlock’s labored breath in his ear. They stare at each other, hands restless between their bodies.
“And where did you get the box from, sir? Drink a lot of tonic water, do you?” PC MacAllan queried, giving Mackie a hard stare and reaching for his notebook.
“How the hell could it help, John?” Sherlock snapped angrily. “I ruined her face. I contributed to the death of her husband. I cannot undo these things, and bringing them up again after so long won’t do a damn thing. The only thing I can do to help her is to find out who is responsible for Sandra Garner’s murder and then I’ll leave her in peace.”
“Oh, um. Well, I don’t know. It’s not an actual list I keep written down.” John’s eyes flickered open and gave him a half smile before sipping gingerly at his tea and wincing at the temperature of it. He licked a drop of it from his lower lip and hummed thoughtfully. “Grass, just after it’s been mowed. That’s good.”
“Someone you should never, ever meet. Seriously, Murdy.” John didn’t feel capable of making up a placating lie, and he doubted she’d believe anything he made up. “I mean it. Go home, now.”
“Maybe he thinks you need one.” she replied, matter-of-factly as she rummaged through her pockets for something. She caught his eye briefly as she extracted a slightly grubby handful of sugar lumps. “He’s a clever lad.”
Patrick smiled at Sherlock warmly. “Mr. Holmes, we aren’t in London. This city is full of dark closes, unlit lanes and tunnels. There are very few security cameras compared to the capital. I think that losing someone is much easier in this part of the world. Particularly, perhaps, if they don’t wish to be found.”
“I was homesick for you and I hadn’t even met you…” John half laughs, and he presses a clumsy kiss into Sherlock’s tangled hair. “And here we are.”
Violet didn’t hesitate this time. She seized hold of a handful of Mary’s hair and twisted sharply, holding tight until the bound woman cried out. “I think we’re digressing slightly, don’t you?”
John glanced over his shoulder, the look on his unshaven, rain-glazed face tired and perhaps a little bemused. “Come on then, Spock.”
He studied Violet surreptitiously as she drew, watching her small neat hand move swiftly across the page. She was back to her usual polished self this morning, and her red curls were carefully arranged in a heavy knot at the nape of her neck. She wore a tightly fitted wool dress in a vivid shade of acid green, the full skirt pulled loosely over her propped-up knees. A pair of shocking pink suede pumps lay discarded on the tiles next to the battered sofa, surrounded by pencil shavings and discarded sheets of paper. She was frowning slightly as she worked, a sharp crease between her beautifully arched eyebrows. He craned his neck slightly, trying to catch a glimpse of her drawing.
“Oh! Who put that there?!” Phyllis laughed nervously, casting a mock-annoyed look at the offending rug. “Goodness. Um. Well, are you going then, Hilary?”
Sherlock shuddered, and nodded again. He gave a small, hoarse cry as John inched a little deeper, seeking the sweet spot inside him. Unable to stop himself, John bent his head and ran his tongue once along the rim of stretched skin where his fingers disappeared inside Sherlock, before backing away.
“What?” John asked, listening hard. He hadn’t heard anything; but a glance at Sherlock confirmed that the detective had heard something too.
“Why does it matter so much to you?” Sherlock asked before he could help himself. It was a question that had been rolling around in his mind like a dropped penny; not just this afternoon but for months now. Persistent. Why on earth should it? He wasn’t like John; John was good. It was important that John was all right. It was strangely, fiercely important that John didn’t return to that quiet, sad, diminished state of being he had been in when they had first met. The mere thought of it made Sherlock itchy and sick.
Sherlock sighed theatrically. “Alright. We’ll come along some time tomorrow. Do not expect us at nine in the morning; you will be bitterly disappointed.”
even, in favour of losing himself in sex. John hadn’t expected that when he and Sherlock had begun this; had fully expected Sherlock to forget about such mundane pleasures during the thrill of casework. And, frequently, he did – John was still quite used to sleeping alone. But when Sherlock pushed it all aside to focus his absolute attention on John, it made him feel a bit breathless. Nobody had ever watched him with such utter scrutiny; nobody ever measured his every shaking breath and twitching muscle like Sherlock did. On some level he thought it should scare the life out of him. But feeling like he interested Sherlock to the exclusion of everything else made his heart feel weirdly tight in his chest.
Violet grinned a little and shrugged. “Possible. Mr. Brodie’s what you might call a confirmed bachelor; but we all have our fancies from time to time. Frankly, I wouldn’t have minded another go with Patrick; but it’s probably doing his ego a bit of good to be flirted with.”
Sherlock stood, obviously tired and a little hungover; his hands stuck deep into his pockets. Violet stood in front of him, suddenly feeling unaccountably shy. They stared at each other, and Sherlock blushed a little before dragging the toe of his converse through the gravel. His family began opening car doors and preparing for their departure. Sherrinford, after a final wave turned and made for the front steps of the house.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what the correct thing to say was. He had very limited experience of seeing clients again after their cases were closed. Most of them gave him thanks, whatever payment he had deemed appropriate, and then disappeared from his life with clear signs of relief. Of course, he had a few repeat customers. But none of them had ever suggested an ongoing acquaintance, outside the bounds of his professional services. He knew she didn’t actually
“I’m afraid they’re properly gone. I caught sight of the land rover turning out of the drive a couple of minutes ago. Three figures, the one in the back struggling a bit with a bundle that I’m assuming was Sherlock.”
“Not bloody likely!” John snapped, his eyes flying open. Glancing down, he saw Sherlock’s erection which was so swollen that it looked almost painful. His gradually slowing heart rate skipped a beat, and he swallowed hard, still faintly tasting the remnants of his own come.
“Not quite sure as yet. I have a feeling that there's something she’s not telling us about Freddie Garcia, though. Miss Jessop is an interesting customer. Not wealthy, but fiercely ambitious. She worked in retail for at least two years before meeting Basil. She must have thought all her Christmases had come at once, getting her hooks into an eligible chap like that. You can tell she’s trying her very hardest to be a fine lady, to be future Lady Montague material. Nobody actually crosses their legs like that, not any more. She’ll have got that off the telly. She’s working class Glaswegian, but I’m assuming she met Basil in St. Andrews, where he was studying previously. ”
Sherlock’s face was reddened when he eventually pulled away, his eyes dry. He seemed reluctant to say anything or even meet John’s eyes. He stared down at his hands in their fine leather gloves and took several deep breaths through his nose. John reached out and cupped his cheekbone, wordlessly encouraging him to meet his gaze.
John watched her make her way across the hall. She paused at a large carved oak chest that sat underneath one of the tall windows to the left of the door, and unlocked it using a key she took from her pocket. To his utter surprise, she reached inside and carefully extracted a large shotgun and a small box; presumably full of cartridges. Before he could inquire what on earth she was planning on doing with the gun in the garden, she had disappeared through the door and into the breezy sunlit afternoon.
He ushered John to the back seat, the heavy door unexpectedly opening to face the front of the car. Sherlock was firmly ushered into the back as well, despite his initial move towards the passenger seat. “Scunner’s in the front, and he won’t thank you for disturbing him.”
“And even though it’s so obvious it’s hardly worth stating, I can’t give you that.” Sherlock continued. He took another, deliberate swallow of his tea; determinedly casual. He looked back up at John, fixing him with an icy stare. “And even if I could,
Phyllis appeared at his side and nudged him gently. John smiled and handed her a glass of champagne. “Evening, Phyllis. Gosh, you look nice.”
Murdy’s head snapped up; her face appalled. She threw an imploring glance at Sherlock and John, her thin fingers knotted in her lap.
“Good. That’s-good. But. Um, please, could you get off me now? I’m planning to breathe while I sleep, alright?” he pleaded. With a poor grace, Sherlock shuffled off him but kept his arm wrapped around John’s waist. John inhaled deeply, trying to order his thoughts. He slipped his own arm around Sherlock loosely, who made a pleased sort of sound before sliding his hand up under the hem of John’s t-shirt.
Lunch, thankfully, turned out to be steaming bowls of fragrant oxtail soup and cheese scones still warm from the oven and slathered with creamy butter. Mr. Brodie joined them at the long kitchen table, leaving his stout boots inside the door. He gratefully took a chair close to the fireplace where Benjy and Scunner stared at each other balefully from opposite sides of the hearth. Violet patted Mr. Brodie affectionately on the shoulder as she put down a bowl in front of him and waved away his thanks.
But shamefully, almost every fibre of his being was screaming at him to go, to run, to get after Sherlock as fast as he could. Patrick might die anyway; but every second could count for chasing after Sherlock. And while John would mourn Patrick; he knew there was no way to survive losing Sherlock again. It was an impossibility; there was only so much loss a heart could take.
Sherlock shook his head and squeezed John’s hand. “No, not good enough. And I’ve got no actual proof. It would really only embarrass him and get him into our mothers bad graces for a month or two. And no,” he added at John’s curious expression. “I’m not telling you. I can say with absolute conviction that you do not want to know. No, really.
“Once you two have finished with the art appreciation club meeting...” he said briskly, ignoring the thump that Violet aimed at his upper arm. “Why on earth haven’t you noticed the most important thing?!”
And part of John wondered if he was just imagining it, if he was just projecting something that still hung around stubbornly in the back of his mind and refused to go away entirely. But he doubted that Violet would have been so intrigued by the work if it were merely a straightforward rendering of nature.
Another brief flurry of movement; the mist which lay thickly in the hollow at the bottom of the churchyard seemed to creep and swirl higher as it was disturbed by motion. The sound of breaking glass, and a low chuckle from the darkest shadows made John feel deeply uneasy. He froze in the heavy shade of a massive stone plinth, pondering his next move. He desperately wished that he had thought to bring his gun. It was often a tremendous comfort in times like this.
Sherlock could tell that the snow was getting heavier as the minutes slipped by; it was all too evident from the muffled tread of the vehicles’ tyres and the erratic pace of their progress.
“And I thought you dealt with big serious crimes, not missing dollies. Times a bit hard, Mister Holmes?”
“We’ve talked about a lot of things, darling man.” John murmured, staring down at Sherlock’s swollen cock which was twitching against his stomach. His own was rather deliciously trapped between Sherlock’s spread thighs, pressed against the taut skin of his perineum and the lower swell of his arse. He couldn’t move much with Sherlock kneeling over him like this, but the detective rocked his hips a little, a small wicked grin on his face. The resultant friction made John’s breath catch in his throat. His hands tightened on Sherlock’s hips before slipping back to the firm swell of his buttocks.
“It’s not a lot of blood,” she said, after a moment. Her voice was nearly level, determinedly calm. “It would have been a miracle if he’d gotten out of that car totally unharmed. He was well enough to keep moving, John. That’s a good sign.”
Mr Antonelli bit his lip and seemed to come to a decision. He glanced around and lowered his voice before saying: “He takes things.”
“Ten seconds is entirely long enough to embrace a person whom you have only met once before.” Sherlock said with a disapproving air, watching the motion of her hand on John’s bicep. “When are we having breakfast?”
“Sorry. Never mind.” he said awkwardly, and took a refill of the coffee she offered. “Actually, I’ve been meaning to ask you where you’re from. I can’t quite place your accent, I keep picking up on different bits of it.”
Nobody could say that it wasn’t a beautiful service, in the nearby Hilderbogie chapel. Sadly, very few friends and relations from Violet's side could attend, but the local population and extended Holmes family managed to fill all the rough old wooden pews. Miss Vernet was stunning in clinging eau-de-nil silk, carrying a bouquet of bright pink snapdragons which she had picked from the estate gardens. She grinned broadly as she walked unescorted down the aisle towards her intended, and positively beamed as she passed her future mother in law. Mrs Holmes returned the smile grimly, and watched her eldest son marry a charming young lady of childbearing age. She had implored him to do as much for many years. She could hardly complain.
Sherlock didn’t reply for several seconds, blinking and staring at the ceiling as he seemed to be searching for words. “Not just that.” he said, eventually. “Part of that, I suppose.”
“Let’s not call it tuition, old thing.” Violet said grimly, without turning around. “I’ve had enough of teaching painting for a good while, after all that business in Edinburgh. Let’s just call it a couple of friends doing a spot of aimless daubing over the holidays.” She threw a brief, kind smile over her shoulder at Patrick.
“Yes, I did, a bit.” Margaret put down the syringe and took off her gloves. “She was a little terror, but that’s no surprise given the types she was surrounded with. She didn’t deserve it.”
“Er. Well, look.” Menzies had taken out his phone and he fiddled with it for a moment or two. He held it out to Sherlock, who grabbed it off him.
John ventured into the library in search of the enormous drink that Violet had requested, and stopped dead at the sight of the figure next to the fire.
Mycroft got to his feet and began to examine the burnt out shell with his torch, stooping to peer inside. There was a horribly charred shape in the remains of the drivers seat, but he only spared it a passing, incurious glance. “He can’t have gotten too far on foot in the time since the crash.”
Katy, John was delighted to see, was looking rather unimpressed at whatever Mycroft was telling her. It didn’t look as if even the British Government unsettled Miss Boorman, and as John went to fetch aperitifs from the low sideboard near the window he distinctly heard Katy say: “No, I don’t agree with you at all. Cezanne wasn’t even remotely-“
He glanced through the window, into the garden full of towering dark trees and shrubs. Despite the bright chilly autumn sunlight, it still seemed gloomy among the dense shapes, and it took him a moment to pick out the shape of Phyllis Lee wandering between two massive obelisks.
“I don’t know what set her off, but I don’t like it. She’s not the type to pitch a fit, laddie. Not a bit of it. I've been her housekeeper for nearly a decade now, and I've never seen her like that. I don’t know if it’s the present mess or if it’s something new. But you and that big galoot – you’ll try and sort it out, won’t you?” her usually hard features were oddly pleading.
) and watching the branches of the trees outside wave in the breeze when he heard the bedroom door open.
As the uneven stone steps curved around a rocky outcrop, John risked a look back and gaped. Six huge white swans were attempting to follow them up the steps, stretching their necks angrily and beating their wings.
She picked up Benjy, who drooped from her hands like a large saggy fur cushion and deposited him carelessly on Patrick’s lap. Patrick looked faintly alarmed at the malevolent look that the cat aimed at him, and carefully didn’t move an inch.
“Are you enjoying this?” Sherlock murmured in his ear, a little breathlessly as John kissed his neck.
He nodded after a moment or two, before turning to Mycroft. He was already on his feet, conferring with Anthea who was feverishly typing on her blackberry. The knife had mysteriously vanished, as if it had never existed. John risked another look at Mary, who had pulled herself together admirably quickly. She sat there, rigid and silent, glaring at the floor. His crashing rage swelled once more, and he forced himself to turn away; walking blindly to the window and staring outside, making himself look at anything other than the woman in the chair.
The door to the morning room was open as they passed it; glancing in, John could see Patrick and Violet sitting side by side in the wide bay window, each in front of a tall easel. Patrick was hunched thoughtfully over his canvas, letting a wide bristled brush dangle from his idle fingers as he surveyed the sweeping white landscape of garden, river and hills. He seemed unaware of Violet studying him intently, her hand moving swiftly across her canvas as she sketched him in profile.
“I will need to wait until we are back in London.” Anthea said quietly. “I don’t have access to all the necessary databases. But yes, I am confident that I could find her.”
“But it’s not as if Freddie Garcia was particularly grand, either.” John observed, watching as Sherlock resumed rifling through the contents of the plastic box on the window seat.
“Disgusting harpy.” Sherlock glowered, taking a long look around the conservatory. “I rather think that I know why he didn’t want to come in here, though.”
“Needs must, John.” Sherlock said, turning to the bookcase and feeling carefully along the gap between the volumes and the shelves above. “Come on, get started!”
, Miss Jessop!” Sherlock groaned. “Do spare us the theatrics. You know exactly why Sandra would ask Basil for money. You know perfectly well that she and Basil were having an affair.”
They sat for a long while in silence, staring at the dying embers; each lost in their own thoughts. The cold was relentless, but at least there was some heat in sitting pressed together.
“Yes, that’s right.” John said, sinking into the uncomfortable plastic chair next to the one that Sherlock had taken. “I’m John Watson, and this is Sherlock Holmes.” He decided not to mention that they were yet to talk to a single member of the local police force, who probably wouldn’t be too happy to hear about external involvement in the case.
“He won’t return here tonight.” Anthea said, somehow managing to swallow a very large mouthful of risotto with utmost finesse and delicacy. She shot Sherlock a sidelong look.
Violet stared hard at the photograph. “Noooo. Don’t think so. But I didn’t really see her on Thursday or on Friday morning – I was still too angry about what she did to my painting after Freddie Garcia left. I didn’t want to see her and I told her to take the next day off, that we’d do some still life instead. I really don’t know where she was on Thursday. When she came in to the studio on Friday, I still wasn’t all that keen on dealing with her, and I didn’t speak to her much. She just came in around ten minutes before class started, undressed in the annexe and got into the usual position.”
Patrick smiled and shrugged slightly. “A little. As you know, I am quite interested in Scottish culture; so I know the steps to a few of of the more popular reels. I only wish I had a tartan to wear. There is a Singh family tartan, but it’s a frankly rather gaudy lavender and green affair.” He nodded at Sherlock, who was now linking elbows with Violet and positively flinging her towards her next partner. “Your Mr. Holmes cuts quite a dash in his.”
“Shocking.” Sherlock agreed solemnly, although John could have sworn that he saw the corner of his mouth twitch. “Dreadful.”
“Dinner’s nearly ready if you disgusting worms are hungry. Well, there’s soup and sandwiches – strangely enough, reviving hypothermia victims and idiotic cousins took precedence over culinary endeavour this evening.”
“She certainly will,” Sherlock agreed. “But Violet is right, Miss Antonelli. If you killed Miss Argyle, it would be difficult for us to provide a convincing alibi for you. Several people saw you on your way here and the fact that you have already committed some malicious damage in her garden is somewhat suspicious.”
“It’s no good.” Reverend Duncan whispered, staring intently into the depths of the floral cup. He seemed to be on the verge of tears. “Things just can’t go on like this, Doctor Watson. Not when she’s endangering herself like this-“
Together, he and Patrick gently lifted Mrs. Duncan from the back seat and carried her into the kitchen. Violet closed the door swiftly behind them and pointed towards the ancient chintz sofa that she had dragged in front of the huge iron stove. Murdy and Sherlock had both collapsed into kitchen chairs in front of the fireplace, which was burning fiercely. A large pile of towels, blankets and dry clothes were heaped on the kitchen table, and the kettle was swiftly coming to a boil on the stove.
“Oh, I think we can still have some fun before that happen.” Narek replied cheefully. His words were a little laboured and sloppy but his tone was full of conspiratorial mischief.
She dragged Sherlock by the hand along with her, the latter having begun to make enquiries about what exactly had been intended for dessert.
“Possibly a little too much.” John muttered, without moving his face from the crook of Sherlock’s neck. He smelt of clean, fresh sweat, the wool of his coat and his own peculiar scent. It was somehow dizzying to experience it like this, at such close range. “You?”
John heaved himself off the sofa and took the glass from him. He stared at the top of the bottle. “What am I looking at?”
“Harman is dead!” John hissed, before he was even aware of his mouth opening to speak. His pulse quickened, and he felt suddenly, acutely sick. “Stop this shit! Stop lying!”
“That’s not Patrick.” Violet said, with a frown. She craned her neck, trying to get a glimpse of whomever had passed the icy window. “Too short. Looked like a woman to me.”
John laughed. “Yes, I noticed you taking third helpings of the beef. Violet is a wonderful cook, isn’t she?”
. John is clearly being kept out of the way. Probably for the best, unless he could join forces with Vi. Unlikely though, given the timeframe.]
“Oh, look – there he is! This was the first time he managed to come back up, after the wedding. It was his summer holidays, after he’d finished his last term at school. It’s a bloody miracle he finished that year at all – I’m surprised that he didn’t turn up sooner.”
“Pushy as ever,” John commented wryly, but reached for some more lubricant before coating his fingers again. He watched breathlessly as he pressed his index finger slowly, insistently inside Sherlock; feeling the resistance of slick, tight muscle around him. He pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s inner thigh as he breached him, his skin tingling as he heard the deep, guttural moan he provoked. He waited several seconds before slowly beginning to push deeper and slip back, unable to tear his eyes away from the sight of Sherlock’s puckered arse clenching rhythmically around his finger.
All thoughts on Patrick Singh were banished from John’s mind when he returned to Baker Street, to find Sherlock ‘packing’ for them both. By the time John had extricated the microscope, extensive chemistry equipment and for some reason, a large plastic bag with six live goldfish from his suitcase and replaced them with sensible warm clothing it was almost time to leave for the station.
“Ah! John…” Sherlock half-laughed, his hips bucking helplessly as John gave him one more deliberate lick. “Oh god, stop being such a tease….”
“You’ve eaten cold rice pudding straight out of the tin, rather than cook dinner.” John marvelled. “You absolute git; you could have been cooking me Sunday lunch all these years!”
“He seemed a little amused by that, and nodded. He had such cold eyes, though. I could tell, even then, that he didn’t want me there. Not at all. After a moment or two, I screwed up my courage and asked him to tell me why he had brought me to that place.
“Murdy!” John hissed, torn between following her into the study and standing guard at the top of the stairs. “There’s no bloody ti-“
“Ok?” he asked quietly, reaching under the blanket to rest his hand on Sherlock’s thigh. The muscles felt tense, almost rigid.
She glanced at him, frowning as the sound of sirens approaching the harbour became increasingly audible. Time was running out and Sherlock could almost hear the gears in her mind working, evaluating her options.
“Sorry about that, lads. She’s still convinced I’m about to keel over every five minutes and watches me like a hawk most of the time. I’ve been coddled half to death since I got back yesterday.”
But most of their acquaintances had merely shrugged, and life had continued much as it had done. When he had haltingly told his old rugby pals from Uni about the new developments, after several bolstering pints, he had been greeted with faintly baffled looks (“But that’s hardly news, is it? I mean, we all thought you’d been at it for years!”)
Mr. Brodie arrived seconds after two green uniformed paramedics strode into the kitchen, looking anxious with Scunner on his heels. “I saw the rescue vehicle outside – what’s happened?!” He seemed to sag slightly at the sight of Violet who was attempting to persuade Sherlock to start towelling his hair, which was still dripping onto the shoulders of his thick blanket.
“Yes, I told her we were going to be having a lot of sex. She didn’t seem to require any more reason than that.” Sherlock said airily, coming into the bathroom without knocking. He smiled cheerfully, and to John’s great surprise, handed him a steaming cup of coffee.
“It’s a possibility. Distinct possibility. She’s got the determination, and the physical strength. Did you see her lovely arms? Shut up, I know you did. I saw you looking. She obviously works out quite a lot.”
“Sherlock, you need to calm down,” he said quietly, forcing his own anger back down. “You need to calm down and we’ll talk this through. I think there’s a few things we need to hash out here-“
“Yes, tremendously clever stuff.” Basil agreed, pleasantly. “Goodness, the scrapes that you two get in to! I must say, though, you’re welcome to it.”
“He was surprised to see her here,” John said slowly. “She must have known he’d be here and she sought him out.”
Ten minutes later he was much more cheerful, having taken up residence in the stately copper bath. He was idly scrubbing some rather embarrassing
!” Violet sighed. “No arguing, no tedious debates on the merits of Chagall versus Matisse. No bitching or moaning. No bloody students!”
“Oh, please. I don’t remember you kicking up a fuss when Sherlock kept visiting Billy Kincaid in jail. You never seem terribly concerned when he hangs around under bridges, getting information from smackheads and junkies. I mean, bloody Wiggins is more of a threat to Sherlock than Violet.”
“Where the hell is this coming from?” John bit out, feeling sick with horror and anger. He forced his voice to stay level, hands clenched. “How long have you been thinking this? Because you’re bloody wrong, Sherlock. You are so fucking wrong it’s ridiculous. I’d
“I… I see.” Dalziell nodded, and swallowed convulsively. “Are you alright, Murdy?” he asked tentatively, and quailed slightly at the scathing look she gave him. John began to feel a little sorry for the hapless PC; at least he had asked the question.
Sherlock continued to stare at him, and said nothing. His mouth quirked into a small smile and his eyes glittered in the dim light of the lanterns. John felt his heart beating rather fast.
“Admirably concise, John.” Mycroft nodded politely, taking a sip of his drink with evident enjoyment. (Bastard.)
“Yes. You’ve already had your fingers in me several times, and I like it.” Sherlock said, in a determinedly blasé way. “So I felt confident doing it to you.”
“What? What is it?” John asked, looking back down the path. He could see no sign of the two men who had been following their route down the Royal Mile; they seemed to have disappeared into the mist.
(Christ. Even Sherlock admitted that Violet married Sherry for the Mesopotamian wax seals. But wait…)
“Nor were they yours to keep!” Violet cried, clearly goaded by his tone. “Your bloody family travelled around, looking at people and their cultures, and they decided they should take bloody
He flashed a sudden smile at her that was full of knives. “Oh yes, we must get back to dear Cousin Violet’s house. I have a very busy schedule, you see.”
“Do you think he’s alright?” John murmured to Sherlock, who had plucked at his sleeve in an attempt to get him to start moving towards the kitchen. “He seems a bit….”
“Drawer over there, John. By the door. Should be some duct-tape.” Violet instructed him, leaning back against the kitchen table and giving Mary a long, measuring look. “Best make sure this one isn’t feeling flighty. What’s your real name, anyhow?” she added, turning to Mary.
“I couldn’t quite face throwing the painting away so I stuck it in with these. Silly, really – there was nothing to be done with it. But I’d liked it so much...” she trailed off. Sherlock studied it intently, taking it from her and turning to the window to see it in brighter light. John came and stood next to him, absurdly aware of his upper arm in contact with Sherlock’s. It took him a minute to gather his thoughts sufficiently to look at the painting with his full attention.
“Oh. I, er. I see…” John said quietly, fighting an impulse to back away slowly without making sudden movements. “Um. Right.”
“Right. I’ll give Mrs. Hudson a ring and tell her not to go back to Baker Street before we do, though. I don’t want her to be on her own in case whoever it was decides to come back.”
Sherlock inhaled deeply, screwing his eyes shut. His heart was painful, dark and heavy and he hated it. He was almost sure he hated it. It was all just… so much.
Mary’s head had jerked up when he spoke, her expression a little confused at John’s furious tone. Mycroft gave him a quelling look, fingers twitching towards him in a faint admonishing gesture.
“Murdy!” John stooped from where he sat and picked up the charred fragment hastily. He tucked it swiftly out of sight into his wallet and looked up at her blearily. “Seriously. You need to go home. Now.”
“There’s McGillivray’s bar across the green, but they only have a licence to serve on the premises.”
John spun and bolted down the hall, hearing his heart hammering in his ears. What the fucking hell was George doing to Violet behind that door?
“Cheerful, isn’t it?” Sherlock remarked, in a determinedly breezy tone. “My grandmother prided herself on the fact that this room hadn’t needed to be redecorated since 1840.”
Ambling slowly back towards the library, he encountered Katy Boorman emerging from her small study that was next door to Violet's own. She was clearly dressed for the cool October weather, wearing a well cut black coat and a cashmere scarf. She carried a cotton shopping bag on one shoulder, which bulged slightly and rattled as she moved.
Wincing, John splashed his perspiring face with icy water from the tarnished cold tap, and stood up as the bathwater drained. He dried himself briskly and went in search of some clean clothes in the bedroom. He dressed in front of the newly lit fire, relishing the growing heat from the flames. It was only when he sat in the nearby wing back armchair, in the process of pulling on a pair of warm socks, that it occurred to him that the fire had not been lit before he had gone to take a bath. He stopped short, scanning the room.
“Oh, er thank you. Miss Boorman, isn’t it?” he accepted a piece of warm bread from the plate she passed down the table. He noticed Sherlock taking three pieces as it passed him.
The cake inside was dark, moist and sticky when he reached inside to break off a chunk. The taste made him close his eyes momentarily in bliss.
“My goodness, Mycroft… this is certainly a surprise. I mean, I… I didn’t expect to see you here.” Patrick said, hesitantly. He was a little breathless as he spoke, the colour high in his cheeks.
“There’s a lot of stuff I want to say to you,” John said, shattering the silence at last. He stared down at his hands, fingers knotted around his knees. He could feel the weight of Sherlock’s gaze on the side of his face, but didn’t meet his eyes. “I know this isn’t the time. But there’s something I need you to know, Sherlock. Even if what she said to me was true, I’d never have gone back to her. Not in a million years.”
The insignificant deduction made him pause. It had happened almost unconsciously, the familiar tumbling of cogs in his brain; thoughts connecting and sliding into place, triggering an immediate, logical conclusion. The relief of it was palpable. His fogged mind was clearing more and more. He felt a ridiculous rush of embarrassment at his witless fear at the scene of the crash and his subsequent bumbling in the snow.
“We cannot divulge that information.“ MacAllan muttered, shooting an irritated look at his unfortunate colleague before getting distracted by the arrival of Violet. She nodded understandingly as she pushed a cup into his hand and stroked his uniformed arm admiringly. “I mean, that is to say… it’s um, um...” he cast around wildly, momentarily lost for words. “Confidential! Yes. Yes, that’s it. Confidential.”
“Oh, er. You two know how it is, I’m sure.” She said a little desperately, glancing between them. John manfully managed not to bury his face in his hands. “Everyone has bad days, everyone gets a little... snappish now and again. It’s just that a couple of weeks ago I went down to the studio to have a squint at my painting, and overheard them having a... a talk in there. Freddie sounded a bit cross, so I didn’t like to go in. I couldn’t help hearing it, you see.”
“Hm, well I donated my curling gear to the parish jumble sale recently; box and all. Do you curl, Miss Vernet? I had to give it up as it plays merry hell with my sciatica. I hope you got a bargain, the stones were a bit chipped.”
At least, he hoped that that was what was going on. There had been enough surprises in the last day or so, without having to deal with Sherlock suddenly deciding to start fancying snooty handsome men with girly hair. He clicked his biro again idly, just to see if it annoyed Singh. (Best to check if the man was easily irritated. Oh good, he was.)
Mycroft was behind the wheel of Patrick’s considerably newer, plush model, with Murdy at his side. It occurred to John that he had never seen Mycroft driving any vehicle, let alone a large jeep; but the assured way he swept out of the drive made it clear that he was more than up to the task. Before Violet had climbed up into the back seat she had gripped the lapel of John’s jacket and kissed him hard, leaving a smear of blood red lipstick on his pale cheek. Briefly, she rested her forehead against his. Her mismatched eyes flickered shut, and she inhaled deeply.
John sighed and poured them both some more coffee. “It’s up to you, Sherlock. I think it might help you, though. Really.”
John’s narrow grinning mouth, a smear of ketchup at the corner. John’s weary eyes, holding his gaze as they laughed. Sherlock’s restless hands on the greasy formica table top, toying with a sandwich in a plastic basket that he didn’t want but John had insisted he order. [“For gods sake, Sherlock. We’re not leaving ‘til you eat at least half of it. Don’t fucking give me that look; you need to eat. You can’t just keep going til you keel over… it was embarrassing enough when it happened at the MOD last month, remember?”]
“It certainly was, but it sped up drying my clothes. It let a bit more air circulate, and that gets warmed by your body and then-“
John reached out and grabbed Sherlocks arm, and his heart sank a little as the detective instinctively flinched away. He sighed, and persevered; holding his hand out until Sherlock reluctantly laid his hand in Johns.
As it turned out, it was closer to an hour before John and Sherlock stumbled out of the green bedroom, hurriedly doing up buttons and attempting to avoid each others gaze. Following John’s rather spectacular climax, both of them had needed to clean up thoroughly before dressing. Catching Sherlock’s eye as he pulled the bedroom door behind him, John felt his mouth pull itself into a ridiculous grin. Sherlock attempted to look aloof and serious, and failed miserably. He laughed quietly and kissed John hastily.
“I want to look at your scar again. I am also planning on touching you quite a lot while I kiss you in a minute.” Sherlock said calmly, sitting up and shrugging off his own shirt. “Acceptable?”
Sherlock’s fingers unerringly found the exit wound on John’s back, feeling the uneven texture of the skin through his shirt. John sighed, and pressed his face into Sherlock’s chest. He breathed in deeply, feeling oddly comforted by the smell.
John couldn’t help but watch with helpless longing as he saw the way Sherlock turned and crawled slowly onto the bed, his beautifully rounded arse presented wantonly as he slipped between the layers of starched linen. He couldn’t help but follow, rather less gracefully and he sighed as Sherlock wrapped his long strong limbs around him, rolling him so that he lay on top. He gasped as Sherlock moved a little, bringing their cocks to lie against each other.
“Bastard.” John muttered, with feeling. Sherlock nodded grimly. “Any sign of Mycroft this morning? I’m assuming that he did
“Damn it. I was hoping he would have stayed put until it wore off. I suppose the garden is probably the best place for him, really. I shouldn’t think that anyone else will be lingering outside on a chilly day like this.”
“Bed.” Sherlock gasped, letting his head fall back against the gleaming copper lip of the bath. “On the bed, John.”
“I’ll go and find it in the morning,” Murdy said stubbornly. “I took them off along with my coat before going into the water. It’ll probably still be somewhere back there.”
Patrick closed the door after him and ran swiftly round to the drivers seat, slipping behind the wheel and starting the ignition within seconds.
Thank goodness I can usually control it. Wasn’t always able to. Did quite a lot of it on my last day in this room, the day after the-]
“Och, fair enough. It’s true. Mrs. Gordon has a bit of a soft spot for me. She’s a lovely lady and we get on well.” His ears reddened a bit more and lowered his voice as he continued. “We, er… we’ve kept each other company now and again although the girls don’t know anything about it. She’s not keen on getting married again, but we’re very fond of each other. She’s really the last person I’d suspect of messing with the stock or trying to murder anyone.”
“Mm. This model should be able to detect human sized objects at about 1400 feet,” Anthea answered, fiddling with the dials on the side. “In theory, anyway. If Sherlock’s captors decided to stop anywhere nearby we should be able to see them.”
, surely.” Violet said, a little reluctantly. She ignored the incredulous look Sherlock threw at her. “Why don’t you come back to the house for a drink?”
“Sherry thinks we’re fucking. I think grandmother does, too.” Sherlock said, after a long pause. “Even Mycroft took me aside before I left and warned me against it.”
“Oh Christ, John!” He turned just in time to spot Violet before she barrelled in to him, flinging her arms tightly around his neck. Her face was bone pale, scars and freckles livid against the whiteness of her skin. “You’re okay. You’re both okay?”
He couldn’t hear George’s reply, if there was one. But after a moment he heard a heavy clattering noise and a harsh scraping sound; possibly the kitchen table being dragged or pushed across the tiled floor.
. He froze, his heart pounding. Sherlock was flushed and his hair stuck messily to his forehead. His eyes were tight shut and he was biting his lower lip savagely when his hips jerked and he collapsed onto John who felt that he could nearly weep in relief. He felt dampness seeping through his pajamas, slicking his cock further as he kissed Sherlock’s face and shoulders, anywhere he could reach.
“Mr. Holmes, good morning. I was just telling Doctor Watson here that the man in the caravan was definitely Garcia.”
Sherlock leaned forward with interest, the grumpiness vanishing from his face. He half-smiled when he looked inside the box. “Ah!”
“You did wear it when you were younger though.” John said in an off-hand manner, stepping away from the sofa as Sherlock turned around. “Is this your old one?”
“No, appalling.” Violet said, disapprovingly. “Shocking aim. I think she needs glasses. And lessons, obviously. I’ve given her free run of the main library here, and she helps exercise the horses in return. Griz helps with the horses too, now and again. Nice girl, although I’m fairly sure that she wouldn’t recognise a book if it bit her on the bum.”
of booze!” came Violet’s voice as he got closer. He was relieved to hear her usual embullient tone, and he pushed the door open with a smile.
“You’re the strongest person I have ever known,” John said, low and fierce. “And you did brilliantly to find this place, to stay safe like you did. And, Christ, Sherlock. You were in the same car as- I mean, you knew who he was…”
“He seemed rather amused by the fact that an eleven year old was wearing a skirt and blouse that were meant for a grown-up. He reached out, I think to touch the hole in my sleeve, and I shot back against the car door. I couldn’t countenance the idea of him touching me. Really, anyone touching me. Nobody ever had before, unless they were going to hit me. He wasn’t pleased about my reaction, I could tell.
“Well of course I did!” Violet said, over her shoulder. “He was going to go off to Uni without knowing how to even boil an egg! It’s these terrible public schools; they teach them absolutely bloody nothing useful, you know.”
John watched her out of the corner of his eye as he went to fetch some mugs from the draining board. Murdy Antonelli did not strike him as a domestic soul, but he decided that it was probably wisest to take over from the Reverend – he seemed more than a little helpless in the kitchen. It wasn’t the same as Sherlock’s wilful incomprehension of domestic matters; the man seemed genuinely at a loss in his own kitchen.
“I don’t, not in the slightest.” Sherlock said, a little too quickly. “You know my opinion on such matters. But you’re worried about Murdina Antonelli, and about Patrick bloody Singh – although you hardly know either of them. There’s nothing you can do to improve either of their situations. It doesn’t stop that particular line appearing on your forehead though.”
“No bother, John. I’ll do that.” Violet interjected, seeming glad of an excuse to leave the kitchen. “You help yourself to some breakfast, old thing.”
“You’re going to prove that Daddy didn’t do it, aren’t you, Mister Holmes?” the elder girl said fretfully, rummaging in her cardigan pocket for a none-too-fresh looking tissue. She blew her nose loudly and hiccupped a little. “Please say you will.”
practical act in a chilly bedroom.” He rather ruined the effect by dropping a brief kiss at the top of John’s forehead.
John went silent again, and Sherlock sighed heavily. Exhaustion was seeping into every bone of his body. He wasn’t entirely sure how much longer he could stay awake.
Violet’s eyes glittered mischievously. “Golly! Bugger charades, that’s the kind of after-dinner entertainment that
Mr. Brodie shrugged, and ran a large hand through his fading blonde curls. “Had to be done. One of the roofs started leaking last night, and McGillivray wasn’t able to get up there to fix it, what with his dodgy back. Gave me a fair appetite, mind.” He grinned at her and picked up his spoon.
“You weren’t.” Sherlock said quietly, leaning towards her slightly. He finally seemed capable of speech. “Meeting you was the best thing that could have happened to me, back then. If I hadn’t, I am quite sure that I would have developed a habit even sooner. I was…” he paused and glared at Mycroft, as if daring him to mock him for this nauseating display of sentiment. “I was lonely, and incredibly bored. I hated school, and after that I hated university. Everything and everyone was so
“So, you saw the mud on the box, right?” Murdy asked, as soon as the door of the grocery slammed shut behind them. “There was a bit that hadn’t washed off the base and on one of the corners?”
Sherlock was shrugging out of his suit jacket and draping it around her shoulders with a heartbreakingly careful movement. On closer inspection, John saw that Violet’s oversized white shirt was missing several buttons and was ripped at the sleeve. She was muttering furiously to Sherlock, who took hold of her hands gently. He nodded as he listened to what she said, quietly inspecting the damage to her wrists. They looked raw and sore, but Violet didn’t wince as Sherlock tentatively rotated them and checked her fingers for movement. Her apron lay tangled and discarded on the tiles; it seemed as though George had somehow tangled it around her forearms before shoving her against the table.
The light was fading from the room when Sherlock found John dozing gently underneath a copy of the Scotsman newspaper. Somehow Benjy had managed to insinuate his way onto the sofa and had fallen asleep across John’s knees. Sherlock was leaning against the kitchen table and was thoughtfully eating macaroons out of the biscuit tin when John woke up. The kitchen was full of shadows, lit only by the flames in the large ancient fireplace.
to realise?!] become clear what had happened. He had heard the footsteps as they advanced along the corridor outside; felt the minute vibrations of the wood beneath his cheek. [Mmm. Two… no, three. Men. She’s… she’s still with John. John. John! What’s happening to John?]
way....” Violet said, wide eyed and leaning in to Menzies slightly. John noticed that she had changed into a rather lower cut dress than those she had worn yesterday, in a shade of aquamarine that brought out the colour of her left eye magnificently. She had let her hair down since they had last seen her and the thick red curls streamed over her shoulders and down her back. Menzies looked rather disconcerted, and more than a little fascinated. “But, as you may have heard, Sherlock can sometimes have quite useful insights in situations like these. He’s really very clever.”
us that he was sure that none of my family had anything to do with it!” She wiped her nose clumsily with her sleeve. “And I was
The overall effect was deeply unsettling and more than a little claustrophobic. John felt the need to walk quietly, as if past sleeping monsters. He winced a little at the sound of the gravel crunching under his feet and then felt rather foolish. They were only shrubs, after all. A murder had been committed very nearby; the least of his worries was a bizarre collection of hedges.
to ask him to come back. To help raise her child. He’d cautiously lay a hand on Sherlock’s arm, gauging his reaction, before pulling him into a hug. And Sherlock would let him, because Sherlock wasn’t going to be able to stop himself cherishing the last few times this happened. He’d keep on counting each final touch, each press of John’s lips. There were a finite number left, after all.
“It’s not exactly a motive for anyone to want to poison her, either.” John mused. “Oh, and then I got a call from our friend Greg with the Met, telling us that our flat was broken into!”
” Mycroft’s voice was tense, and oddly breathless. John managed to open his eyes, blankly taking in his sharp profile in the torchlight. “These are the men who took my brother. They are dead. But Sherlock is not here, John. I swear to you that he isn’t here!”
“I’d worry what would end up in the soup.” Violet said in a thoughtful tone. “I mean, what if you were boiling up stock in the kitchen and you got the bones mixed up? Does it count as cannibalism if you don’t know that you’re doing it?”
“He’ll need a good rub down and some warm mash when we get into the stables.” Griz remarked after a minute during which they slowly wended their way through the shadowy woods. “You can come help, if you want.”
“Don’t finish that sentence!” John shouted, dropping his empty coffee cup into the bath and covering his face with his hands. “I believe you! I don’t need more details! Christ.”
“Mrs. Duncan. You know, Mrs. Duncan? The ministers’ wife? I’ve just seen her heading down to the river and she didnae look too well at all. I tried calling out to her, but the track’s too steep and narrow at the bend – I couldn’t follow her on horseback. By the time I dismounted and tied Charlie up, she’d disappeared.”
“John.” He looked up. Sherlock was perched on the edge of his chair, closer now. He was refilling John’s glass which had somehow become empty. “Stop staring at the handkerchief and use it. Mrs. Hudson irons them, surely even you should be able to tell that from the abominable lavender scented starch, which she persists in using. She probably does it just to spite me,” he added thoughtfully, putting down the bottle on the edge of the hearth. “You’re not going to have a panic attack, I’m not going to let you.”
John blinked rapidly. “Um. Well. I suppose she is a bit religious; some people might find it upsetting to see something like that going on outside a church.”
“No, I didn’t.” Sherlock said, rather shortly. He reached out for the ladle of the soup tureen, and Violet cleared her throat and caught John’s eye. The message was plain:
Sherlock looked round at him and nodded impatiently before his gaze was inexorably drawn back to the house and farmlands. “Of course. Don’t be ridiculous. Of course I’m
Miss Argyle spat, her eyes wide with revulsion. She clutched the perfectly arranged sheets to her heaving chest, and pointed at the doorway with a quivering finger. “At
Reverend Duncan paused at the top of the staircase, slipping one hand into his pocket as he grasped the newel post. He seemed deep in thought; and for one wild hopeful moment John thought that he might be about to walk into the dark bathroom directly opposite. Almost immediately, though his hopes were dashed and Duncan turned towards the half-open door of his study.
Patrick went to assist Sherlock, but his offer of support was declined; the detective leant briefly against the side of the jeep before making his way slowly into the house. John didn’t dare look away from Mrs. Duncan although he ached to follow Sherlock, to be absolutely
“You want this so much, don’t you?” Sherlock whispered breathlessly when he broke away for air.  He could only nod helplessly, feeling his muscles tense and squeeze around the knuckle buried inside of him. John nearly cried out when Sherlock slipped free entirely, then gave a deep guttural moan when two fingertips dripping with even more lube began to seek entrance. The stretch was more acute this time, he had to fight to relax but it was a delicious ache as they slipped deep inside him; rocking in and fucking him gently, persistently. Sherlock began to move again, rubbing his slick cock against John’s aching erection. The increased sensation made him cry out weakly, almost overwhelmed with the combination of friction against his heavy balls and aching cock and the insistent, tight feeling of two fingers buried to the hilt inside of him. He squirmed slightly, unsure about how to move until Sherlock awkwardly pulled his thigh back over his hip with his free hand. Sherlock continued to rock against him; his breath coming hard and fast. The new position stretched John even wider and allowed Sherlock to push even deeper, stroking and sliding against the hot slick walls of his rectum. He jerked suddenly as Sherlock changed the angle of his fingers, curling them in a slightly different direction than before.
“I was only a matter of weeks away from making a run for it when he showed up. I was eleven, and I was nearly sure I could manage the fifteen miles to the bus stop. I’d been planning on stealing a bicycle if I could, but failing that I would walk it in a night. I thought I’d been found out when I was called to the Mother Superior’s office. I was sure I would be beaten again when I went in. I stood outside for a good ten minutes, wavering before I knocked. In the end the door opened, and Sister Dorothy was standing there. And there was a man sitting at her desk. He had red hair and blue eyes, and he was wearing a beautiful grey suit and the shiniest shoes I had ever seen. He didn’t have my freckles, but I knew who he was, alright. He didn’t smile at me, but he looked at me for a long time.
Sherlock shushed him quietly, tightening his arm around John’s waist as he leaned against a towering headstone. The detective was a little out of breath; John supposed he had been running down the Royal Mile in order to catch up.
“And all this, of course, was tremendously useful to him in his most lucrative profession. Because Philip, as it turned out, was a forger. And it wasn’t just him; it was something of a family affair. From the outside, they were as respectable as you could imagine. But on the inside… oh, you wouldn’t believe all the things they were involved in. It would take me days to tell you all of it, and I’ve always been sure that I didn’t know the half of it.
John had felt a slight twinge for no more than an hour or two after the first attempt, and was annoyed at himself for not coping better with the situation.
“Interesting.” he said, after a long pause. Violet nodded, looking rather pleased and flattered. John knew that
“John?” Sherlock’s voice was tentative. John snatched the scarf away from his face, blushing slightly. “Are you alright?”
“Do you think that she’s been drinking?” John murmured, as they made their way to the eastern side of the village and the wide expanse of the bowling green.
“And yet she knew the best way to lure you away was to talk about her child.” Sherlock said, eventually. His voice was low and careful. “She could have used any lie at all, but she knew that one would be most effective. I remember, you see. I remember what it was like when you came back to Baker Street. I remember the tears running down your face that first night. How you told me about the daughter you’d been longing for. Caroline, John. I remember your grief.” Sherlock took a long, slow breath. The words were clearly an effort, his voice shaking slightly. “It haunts me to think of it. Both the damage it caused you, and how much you had wanted her.”
, you git.” Violet glared at him. “I suppose. Hardly anyone does it any more, but she’s from the Islands. They do things a bit differently up there.”
The source of her displeasure became clear in less than a second. As they followed her around the side of Hilderbogie house, John Sherlock and Murdy were confronted with the sight of a police car lightly dusted with snow. Two uniformed officers were peering through the small square windows of the kitchen, where John recalled the wooden box and ill-used doll had been left on the table earlier.
“Quite. And why is it torn? Surely she’d be more careful of the address than that. But do you see the
“I mean that his brother does not seem able to live in that way.” Patrick half-smiled. “I watch the way that Sherlock indulges himself, how he interacts with people, how he ignores so many norms if they don’t suit him. And most of all… most of all, I see how he is with you.”
The nausea seemed to intensify as he forced himself to skirt the rear of the land rover, his heart reverberating with a sick, heavy thud. Despite the fact that he had lost sensation in his bare feet, he could still somehow feel the warm, slick swipe of Narek Harman’s tongue against the arch of his foot. The cool metal slide of the blade between his toes. The bite of rope against his wrists, the weight of a large hand between his shoulderblades-
A glance at Sherlock’s face told John that this was not news to him. Violet looked a little uncomfortable, which struck John as slightly odd. But Violet really didn’t seem the type to be apologetic for having a casual relationship, even with a student. And Patrick Singh was at least twenty five; it was hardly all that scandalous.
He cautiously wrapped his arms around Sherlock, stroking his long smooth back. Tracing the wings of his shoulder blades, revelling in the lithe strength and muscles under his hands. He could feel the scattered scars under his fingertips, and stroked them gently before continuing to map the sleek lines of Sherlocks back.
“No, not the question.” Sherlock murmured, studying the mess he had created. “Or rather, not the only question. But the first question is who picked it up out of the snow to use it to lure Mrs. Duncan into the water.”
“No, no. Those are only a few loose ends. Although since PC Dalziell appears to have left town in a hurry I suspect Lestrade might be of use in terms of arresting the publican later on. ”
“But Petunia came from inside the hall,” Murdy said, standing on tiptoe to peer through the window of the hall. “She wasn’t broken, and she would have been in good enough condition to be sold once Petty had cleaned the marker off her face. There hasn’t been a jumble sale since the end of November though – so Petunia will have been in there since Petty donated her.”
Sherlock did not deign to answer this, and merely swept ahead to peer in one of the darkened windows. It did not look promising to John, who spied a messy office with two cluttered desks and dead plants between the slats of the dusty venetian blinds.
John couldn’t bring himself to answer, he was so shocked at this outburst. Sherlock was deathly pale, the hands wrapped around his cup a little unsteady. He was shaking visibly.
After the last awful crushing blow and the final night of tears and recriminations in the house at Crouch End, John had found himself on the steps of 221b clutching a hastily packed bag and pressing the doorbell with shaking fingers. He had hoped against hope that Sherlock was there; but there was no answer despite his increasingly desperate ringing. He had left his phone behind during his hasty departure, and at 3am couldn’t quite bring himself to wake Mrs. Hudson. He sat on the doorstep and waited for a long time. He could have gone to a hotel or woken up his sister, but somehow all he wanted (all he needed) was to see Sherlock.
Violet nodded slowly. “Yes, that he was. A very busy man indeed. He telephoned, though. Helped organise the nurses from the agency. But he didn’t want to come up to Aberdeenshire, not often. It was difficult for him, wasn’t it?” she asked gently. “He… he didn’t want to look at me.”
John chuckled quietly and began to follow the cable as it snaked messily between the rows of neatly parked caravans. There were no lights in any of them, which made him slightly more relaxed. It seemed likely Garcia was out shopping or at a pub somewhere; it was now close to six o’clock and if he was home he would definitely have a lamp or two switched on. The cable ran around the corner of a large yellow and blue trailer and found that it terminated in a panel of covered sockets set into the side of the largest caravan in the yard. It was entirely dark, like all the others.
Patrick had crossed the wide cobbled street after waiting for a bus to pass, and disappeared smartly through yet another narrow archway. Sherlock towed John across the street and slunk into the dark recesses of the close. They could hear Patrick’s footsteps echoing sharply in the confined stone space, and saw his silhouette emerge into a dimly lit courtyard at the far end. Creeping to the exit of the alley they found themselves looking into a cavernous space, lined on all sides by incredibly tall grey stone buildings with unlit windows. The place seemed deserted, and had a grim desolate air in marked contrast to the cheery bustle of the Royal Mile. Some kind of squat stone monument stood in the centre of the ancient cracked paving slabs, and it was here that Patrick stood. Sherlock and John waited in the shadows of the alley, watching curiously. Patrick’s manner seemed expectant as he strolled slowly around the plinth in the centre of the courtyard, and he peered at his watch in the gloom.
Have instead returned to find the village in uproar – Mrs. Duncan (dangerously pious vicars wife) collapsed on Christmas eve, followed in no short order by Mr. Antonelli (darling grocer), Miss Argyle (utterly despotic schoolteacher) and the local plod PC Dalziell (bland as rice pudding and a face to match, but I suspect him of fiddling the tombola at the village fete last summer).
“Well, I should think I did him a favour then, surely – kicking him out?” Violet challenged. “He hardly needed to come back and rig the knife if he had a perfectly valid reason to leave in a hurry. He should have bloody thanked me on the way out rather than shout abuse at us all.”
“D’you remember the last time we were in an old graveyard like this? We were following Patrick that time, too.” John smiled. “And you, you utter bastard! You decided to sneak up on me and give me the fright of my life!”
John opened his mouth to ask how on earth Sherlock knew this, then decided that he really didn’t much want to know (particularly about the latter issue). “I’m sure that went down well. Pleased, was he?”
He spotted Petty Antonelli after a moment, her hands grasping those of her sister Griz and another pretty dark-haired girl he could only assume was their elder sibling, Toni. They weaved in an undulating line, in and out of arches formed by the raised arms of their partners and the sound of stamping feet was positively thunderous as they returned to their places. John couldn’t help but grin when he spied Rab and Pruny at the end of one line, dragging the unfortunate Pheemy at breakneck speed (and distinctly ahead of the tempo) up and down the hall. Mr. Antonelli himself was sitting to one side and looked reassuringly healthy, and he was laughing aloud as the twins whooped and drummed their feet. Pheemy looked flustered and protested breathlessly as the twins ran, her long mauve flowered skirt billowing behind her.
She’s bloody poison. And part of you is scared that you’d enjoy hurting her. So you’re not going to do it. But if someone else needs to hurt her in order to find out where Sherlock’s gotten to… you’re not going to stop them, are you? And that’s no better, not really. You know it isn’t. But it doesn’t change anything.)
“Ummm…” John said, fighting the urge to laugh. Sherlock was looking slightly green. He grabbed John’s glass of champagne from his unresisting hand and tossed it back; clearly in need of some kind of restorative.
“I can’t believe it. You’re actually bloody pining for him, aren’t you? Well don’t worry Sherlock, I’m sure he’ll ring before long.” John said coldly, after a long pause.
“Isn’t poison supposed to be a traditionally female weapon of choice?” Patrick mused. “Just think of Lucrezia Borgia.”
John stared at him blankly. He opened his mouth, and then closed it again. Sherlock looked slightly ill.
After a terse conversation with emergency services, he dropped the receiver down with a clatter. John had expected the man on the floor to struggle or plead at the sound of Sherlock’s report of an attempted murder at the vicarage. Reverend Duncan merely continued to lie on the floor, his face contorted as he silently wept.
John stared at the stain for several long moments, fighting exhaustion and nausea. Sherlock’s blood, staining dark grey stone. He shut his eyes tightly, shaking away the visions of the pavement at Barts. Sherlock’s pallid skin, his crumpled body. The rain slowly diluting the blood haloed around his head, scarlet marbled streams of it running in every direction.
“Doesn’t look like he’s here now, though; does it?” John whispered back. “It’s pitch black out now; he’d have some lights on at least.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, stomach dropping with sickened realisation. He had forgotten to replace the solar lamp back on the bracket outside. It sat on the rickety table near the door; glowing feebly in the dim light.
The first parcel arrived on a Tuesday, less than two weeks after Sherlock and John had returned to London.
John unwillingly closed the door quietly, trying to ignore the horribly wet noises coming from down the hall. He sat down next to Sherlock and glared at him.
“Yes.” John said quietly, his thoughts drifting inevitably towards Harry. He immediately felt guilty about not seeing her at all over the Christmas season. He had meant to catch up with her on Christmas eve, but the case in Brighton had taken over. A small, secret part of him had been relieved; as they both grew older they seemed to have less and less to say to each other. Unless, of course, Harry was off the wagon again. Those times, conversation usually involved tears and accusations, decades-old grudges dug up and hurled around along with whatever was close to hand. “Yes, I’d hope he would. He seemed genuinely worried about her drinking when we spoke to him yesterday.”
“Everything all right?” John inquired, peering at the tracks that he and Sherlock had been following with a certain amount of dismay. The piebald had smudged and scattered the snow, and it was unlikely that they would find the prints again so easily.
“Yes!” Sherlock said insistently, hope dawning along with the chance of making Mycroft profoundly uncomfortable.  “You must! Mummy would love to meet you, Patrick.”
It certainly looked rather tidier – Sherlock’s shoes were neatly lined up next to the huge carved wardrobe, and his books were neatly piled on the table next to the bell jar that contained the sad little monkey skeleton. The bed had been made neatly, and on closer inspection the sheets had been changed. Neither John or Sherlock’s pajamas were anywhere to be seen. He was fairly sure that his had been left where he dropped them, on the bedroom carpet.
He rolled over onto his hands and knees, cursing as he put pressure on his injured leg. Now that he was no longer totally numb with cold the pain was more pronounced, blood seeping through the makeshift bandage he had wrapped around it. Struggling to his feet he seized the lantern and wrenched open the front door, the single rusted hinge protesting loudly.
“Who the fuck smokes opium these days?!” Violet asked incredulously. “I mean, it can’t be easy to source; can it?”
“Mmm, no. I don’t think that George would have enjoyed being so friendly with Sandra, and if they were smoking together that would have required sharing a pipe. That would probably be a little too chummy for him, I should think. The man is nothing if not a snob.”
Sherlock retrieved the heavy iron key from the bird-feeder and unlocked the glass-panelled door with a loud creak. John held up his phone to use it as a torch, illuminating the greenhouse with a slightly ghostly blue glow.
“Where is George, that blasted twit?” Basil snapped. “He’s gone much too far today. First poor Hilary, and now this. It’s damn well insupportable!”
“Hmm. Is he like this often?” John asked, gesturing for Patrick to join him by the fireplace so that they could converse without being overheard by George.
Sherlock laughed a little breathlessly. “I didn’t intend for things to get this far just yet. I had a schedule, which we have completely disregarded. I’ll have to amend it now.”
Sherlock turned his head so that he could glower from under the tangle of his wildly disordered hair. “I will fucking arrange
“Your dad rang here earlier.” Violet informed the girl, watching her closely as she exhaled a great cloud of smoke. “He seemed to think that you were in the library here.”
John stared at her pale, worried face and remembered how Patrick had hauled her out of the freezing river, only a day before. How Patrick had taken off his scarf and wrapped it round her neck as she stood quaking in the cold. He remembered the dark, relentless stream of blood that flowed from the deep wound in Patrick’s side.
“Story of my bloody life.” John answered cheerfully, without rancour. He took a sip of the whisky, which was peaty and fragrant. It burnt his throat a little on the way down, warming him more than was strictly necessary in the stuffy hall.
“No, not yet; but we’ve got to make sure the place is cleaned up before we do. Dad said that you were to have whatever you needed though; he knows you’ve got visitors the next few days. He was worried you might run out of something.”
“Mmph. She does have a face like a smacked arse there, alright.” Violet agreed, peering at Felicia. “Admittedly, we had just pickpocketed her as well. That was just after Sherlock had decided to try dressing a bit less like a tramp. Scrubbed up well, didn’t he?”
The fire had consumed the land rover almost entirely, a mere shell of blackened blistered paint and twisted metal. The front half of the upturned vehicle had collapsed under the weight of the engine, leaving little potential shelter. The smell of burnt plastic and scorched upholstery mingled with another sickening, familiar stench. Sherlock ignored the dark heap that lay on the ground next to the drivers side. The seatbelt that had held Schneider in place must have kept his body there long enough to be consumed by the flames, before he dropped into the mess of melted snow, rocks and mud below.
“Bless you, Larry.” The Reverend said gratefully, clapping Mackie on the shoulder and turning for the door. “I’m probably overreacting but she really shouldn’t be out on her own like this just yet.”
“Pfft! Combine Medusa, Bloody Mary and Mary Poppins on a really bad day and you’ll get a fair approximation of Miss Argyle’s character.” Violet smirked. “That said, the PC is kind of an odd fish. He’s kept himself to himself most of the time since he moved here. Miss Argyle set her sights on him the minute he arrived; baking him rotten little fairy cakes and dragging him along to the bowling club after church. Fairy cakes with hundred and thousands
“Sounds good. Looking forward to it.” John whispered, running his hands through Sherlock’s hair and kissing his cheek. “After that?”
“Oh, er- sure. Okay.” John said, a little disappointed as Sherlock shuffled away again. He had been quite interested in where the detective’s hand was going to travel once it had left his ankle.
when we were children.” Sherlock half smiled. “Our father was among the first of the Holmes’ not to do the grand tour. Sherrinford... he was probably the last to do it properly. He was quite a traditionalist, really. ”
Menzies nodded gloomily, and took his phone back from Sherlock’s unresisting fingers. “Indeed. And we’re still no closer to finding out who planted the knife. It certainly looks like Garcia couldn’t have done it now.”
“There’s nothing wrong with my ribs at all!” Sherlock said crossly, following on his heels. “Give it back!”
He stopped suddenly, the cause of Sherlock’s dismay all too clear. There, standing just inside the hall, was none other than Mycroft Holmes.
The kitchen, in contrast, was bright and a little chaotic. It had obviously been modernised at some point in the 1950’s; the large kitchen table was deep red formica and edged with chrome, and the many cupboards were painted to match. Everything was extremely well made but a little battered and had an air of frequent and prolonged use. There were several jugs and vases of deep purple irises scattered here and there around the room. The floor was the original black and white chequered tile, and there was a scuffed old chesterfield next to the French windows. Sherlock attempted to sit down on this, before discovering a large and grumpy Russian Blue cat sleeping under a layer of newspapers. The cat narrowed its eyes at him and made no move to vacate the sofa.
“Larry Mackie?” Mr. Antonelli echoed dubiously. “Well; I wouldn’t say he’s the most even-tempered of souls but he’s never had a problem with me. We’ve been on the Hilderbogie bowling team together for nearly fifteen years now. He and Miss Argyle though… they’ve been at each other’s throats ever since she saw him doing the Dashing White Sergeant in the churchyard the Hogmanay before last. Accused him of blasphemy, among other things.” The grocer shrugged and grinned a little. “Knowing Mr Mackie, it was probably the safest place for it, really.”
Violet smiled at him and curled up at the opposite end, carelessly kicking off her emerald suede pumps which landed with a clatter on the floor. Patrick seemed decidedly less tense now, and he looked comfortable and a little tired as he leant back against the embroidered cushions. John threw a couple of extra logs on the fire, and sat down in one of the wing backed arm chairs. The room was shadowy and intimate, dimly lit by only the flames and a few small lamps in the darkest corners.
Sherlock turned back to face him, slipping down between the sheets until he faced John, and leant over him. He placed the tips of his fingers on the knotted scar tissue on John’s shoulder, and pressed lightly. “Of sorts. This doesn’t hurt you, does it?”
He rolled away gently from Sherlock, easing his way out of bed. For a moment there, it had been oddly tempting to stay as he was, feeling the man’s slow deep breathing against his chest, smelling the funny medicinal smell of his hair and the faint sweat of the night in the crook of his neck.
“Or music, or research, or anything that isn’t Moriarty!” John insisted, his jaw tightening. “Jesus, Sherlock. What would you do if he died? What if he just never comes back? Just stare at the walls for the rest of your life?”
Mrs. Duncan was breathing, although the movement of her chest was weak and shallow and she didn’t respond to any of John’s attempts to rouse her. Gently pulling her eyelid up, he shone the torchlight into her pupil and noted their extreme dilation. Her thin lips were blueish with cold. (Christ. Not in the water long enough for severe hypothermia, not by half. But this is not good. Not bloody good at all.)
“So he asked me if I minded if he… approached you.” John waved his free hand vaguely, seeing Sherlocks faintly puzzled expression. “You know. Romantically, sexually, what have you.”
The long dark room inside was murky, and redolent of woodsmoke and spilt beer. Several stools stood, up-ended on rickety tables and along the blackened wooden bar. A rheumy-eyed collie next to an unlit fireplace barked half-heartedly at the disturbance of the opened door, but didn’t bother getting to its feet. Tarnished horse brasses and complicated bits of old farming machinery were hung all over the rough stone walls, interspersed with rather greasy old brewery mirrors. The only light came from an open door behind the bar and a gap in the blinds of one of the small deep windows.
“Stupid of me. I should have known that I wouldn’t make any... friends... there. All the evidence points towards my utter inability to do so; after all, it’s not as if I managed it at any of the other places.” he delivered this statement in a calm, absolutely matter-of-fact way, looking directly into her eyes. It was as if he was daring her to contradict him. To pity him.
occurred.” Sherlock shuddered. “Oh, god. It was shortly after Violet had married Sherry, and I spent as much time up there as I could manage. And of course, Mycroft used to pay his little visits to keep an eye on me. But during this time, he met Mr. Brodie, who worked on the estate. Mr. Brodie, unfortunately, was just Mycroft’s type. And he was from the Borders, so he even had the accent. And even more unfortunately, Mycroft was Mr. Brodie’s type.”
“Violet! I didn’t think you’d be down here for a while yet.” she said a little apologetically, catching sight of them. “I- Well. I made an executive decision. You didn’t need to see the mess in here again.”
“It must be awful for you, Violet, for this to happen in your house. But I promise we’ll sort this out,” he said, squeezing her arm gently. Sherlock, who was now lying in a complicated position on the floor so that he could see the underside of the dais, looked up crossly. He seemed to be about to say something scathing until he took in Violets fixed expression. She didn’t seem to have noticed John’s attempts to soothe her, but simply stood staring at the blood.
Margaret patted Violet on the arm gently on her way out of the studio, and John noted the reddish tinge to the water she sluiced onto the grass. Katy resumed her efficient arrangement of the easels, clearly trying to give the impression that she was the type of woman who did this sort of manual labour every day.
“She was bloody drawing me, you idiot!” Sherlock sighed, exasperated. “In case you didn’t realise, she’s an artist!”
debacle. She seems nice enough and I say hello to her in the street; but I’ve never even been inside the vicarage.”
“Mmm. Probably.” Sherlock shrugged, not bothering to take a closer look. “The sporran belonged to my grandfather. Stop
“Did you speak to him before he left, Katy?” John asked, slightly reeling from the sheer amount of information.
“No, we’ve had her since then, remember?” Pruny disagreed. “After Miss Argyle told us off and drop kicked Petunia out of the manger. We were going to make her into a zombie baby for Halloween, weren’t we? But we forgot. I dunno where she got to.”
“John.” Sherlock murmured, his eyes wide as he slowly turned to face him. “John, the important thing now is not to panic. I want you to walk very slowly towards me. Be as quiet as you can. Come on.” he reached out his hand to John, who stared at him with mounting horror.
Sherlock leaned over, propping his elbow on John’s knee as he took a closer look. “Mm. Cashmere and merino wool. Antique horn buttons. She never knitted
“Oh, I see.” Mr Jameson said slowly, with a faint frown. “I didn’t buy any of the tonic, though. I get plenty of my own, you understand. Not the fancy stuff Hector stocks; it’s too expensive for the pub. I get mine from my usual wholesaler in Aberdeen.”
off!” came a whispered reply from a gap-toothed seven-year old who was jumping up and down in a futile attempt to get a closer look.
Sherlock laughed quietly, and ran his tongue torturously slowly along the crease behind John’s left ear. “What sort of things would you like me to do to you, my dear John?” he whispered, his voice low and intimate. “I could stroke your penis right here in the hallway. You couldn’t make too much noise; I think Mrs. Hudson is at home. You’d have to stay so, so quiet for me. Or you could lie down on the stairs while I kneel between your thighs and fellate you, rolling your testicles between my fingers. You could come all over my face, but you’d have to stay quiet while I take you apart, bit by bit…”
Violet stood in the snow, bundled up in an extravagantly flared cobalt blue coat, a white fur hat on her beautifully arranged curls. A bulging paper bag from Antonelli’s grocery hung from the crook of her elbow. Her suede gloved hands rested on her hips, and her face fell when she caught sight of Murdy’s distraught expression.
Sherlock flung himself backwards into his chair, tipping his head back and pinching the bridge of his nose theatrically. “Honestly John, if I tiptoed around these dolts like you do, we’d never get anything out of them. Miss Lee is an fascinating psychological case, I grant you; but she’s of next to no use as a witness.”
Sherlock was on his feet, regarding John with something approaching delight. He came closer and smiled down at him with an oddly elated expression, his eyes gleaming. “Oh, yes. Quite finished, thank you John.”
. I was drunk with it. I’d sneak out of bed in the middle of the night to read the newspapers that had been thrown in the bins. I read all of the books in the convent library within months. I went down to the kitchen and hid under a blanket with the radio pressed to my ear, so that I could hear about things happening in other places.
“Pantone 2945 C.” Sherlock said, at once. “Because his eyes are that colour. I’ve checked, you see. Sometimes they appear darker in the morningth. But
After many insults were slung from both sides, the red team mulishly accepted bands of blue cloth, which were tied around their upper arms as a sign of loyalty to their new clan. Patrick looked utterly disdainful as he held out his arm, seeming tempted to rip it off right away.
“It is time to go.” Biceps said insistently, glancing back around from the doorway. [German? Alsatian? Positive UN of henchmen…] “Please, let’s get him out of here.”
“Oh for pity’s sake, you blithering git!” Violet hissed, exasperated. “If you’ve figured it out, you will damn well tell us
Sherlock’s eyebrows had been inching up his forehead in something embarrassingly close to bewilderment when he heard a bizarre sound. One that he’d almost forgotten entirely. He’d once known it well, had heard it if not frequently; then regularly at least.
He nodded wordlessly, feeling his tight breathing ease very slightly at her touch. His pulse was uncomfortably loud in his chest, a pounding staccato rhythm that had never quite returned to normal since he had left Sherlock alone in their bedroom.
Aberdeen had descended into pitch blackness once again by the time John and Sherlock walked out of the revolving doors of the hospital. The temperature had dropped several degrees further and the air was searingly cold when John inhaled his first lungful of it.
The sound of rapidly approaching feet suddenly became apparent, coming along the corridor towards them. “John!”
The woman smiled at John again, in a conspiratorial and slightly embarrassed fashion; before glancing at Sherlock. At first, John thought that perhaps she might be flirting; and he hastily directed his gaze back down at the pages of his book. He then realised that Sherlock’s stockinged feet had somehow ended up pressed into the side of his thigh, his long toes kneading absently at John’s hip. When John looked over at the detective he was gnawing moodily at his thumbnail while viciously hitting the delete button on his laptop; no doubt deleting asinine comments on his blog.
it at first. It was so intense, so overwhelming that it felt like his nerves were sparking alight like newly struck matches with each sweep of Sherlock’s fingertips. He just knew that he wanted to keep feeling it, again and again; he could do nothing more than hold on tightly to Sherlock’s hot, shaking body and moan as the sensation overtook him. The skin on his entire body seemed to have tightened; his cock aching as Sherlock rutted against him. He could feel the rush and bloom of the orgasm coming now, flooding through his spine and thighs; his balls full and taut. Sherlock kissed him again deeply, not bothering to hide the tremors that wracked his body as his own release approached. John’s spine arched furiously as he came, crying out helplessly against Sherlock’s mouth as he spurted messily over his stomach and twitching cock. Sherlock moaned quietly as he came, his fingers slipping out of John’s arse and wrapping around his waist tightly. He buried his face in the crook of John’s neck and held on fiercely, their chests heaving against each other.
John wasn’t able to speak for a long minute. He simply let himself slide to the floor at Sherlock’s side after shoving a couple of logs from the dwindling pile onto the embers of the fire. Sherlock’s eyes were closed but he was breathing easily, his hand reaching out to clutch John’s arm tightly when he was within arms reach once more. John knew that he should be moving, should be checking Sherlock’s injuries and planning their route back to the car and the rest of the search party. But he let himself give in to his instincts, pulling his jacket over them both and pressing his palm to Sherlock’s cheek.
“Miss Jessop! Hello. Please come in. Have a seat.” He pulled up an armchair for her and she sat down gracefully, her long legs crossing elegantly at the ankle. She was dressed in a blue silk dress that matched her eyes, and her long fingers fiddled uneasily with the hem.
“Ah. I just heard about him from the housekeeper - a prickly sort of woman called Margaret Gothford. She told me that she reckoned he’s done it.” John earnestly hoped that this was not going to be the end of the case. Sherlock would be unbearable if they had dragged themselves all the way to Scotland for an entirely straightforward crime of passion.
Sherlock snorted quietly and squirmed around until he was comfortably curled against John’s back, tugging at his arm until it was satisfactorily arranged around his shoulder.
He was halfway through unzipping his jeans when Sherlock murmured: “You clearly have no idea of the effect you have on me, my dear John.”
The door rattled again. John’s eyes widened, staring at Sherlock in a mute appeal. “Come on, genius! Think of something!” he whispered.
want one, I’ll oblige you. I will. But you’re going to have to throw the first punch because I’m not going to start a fight in Violet’s house.” He injected a certain amount of steel into his voice. “And please, mate, bear in mind that it’s just going to be one punch that you’ll get in. Because after three tours in Afghanistan I know all
Violet paused as she reached for another dab of product from an ornate glass bottle. She frowned, then slowly resumed her work. “I thought you were attached to this mop. You always kick up a fuss or ignore anyone who suggests you cut it. Your mum practically begged you at Christmas and you wouldn’t hear of it.”
“John, I know. I really should have turned him out on his ear long before. But his work... it was quite staggering at times. He was simply remarkable, and had the potential to be even better. He was working on some preliminary studies for a fresco for the Royal Bank of Scotland, and they were just
that he had previously displayed predatory attitudes towards Violet, after what he said when we interviewed him. If you hadn’t managed to-“
Sherlock moved back a little so that he could look into John’s face sternly. “Stop it. Stop imagining whatever it is you’re thinking. I just mean that it’s never been particularly important to me. I realised when I was a teenager that I wasn’t... I wasn’t all that much like my classmates. I didn’t really feel much of an urge. On the few occasions that somebody tried to... initiate... intimacy, I didn’t like it much. It just felt overwhelming and complicated and I never really saw the point. While I was.... away....” he broke off and swallowed hard. His gaze was unrelenting and never left John’s face. “While I was away, on one occasion it was necessary for me to engage in certain activities with someone. He wasn’t willing to give me the information I needed initially, and I didn’t much feel like torturing it out of him. It seemed the most expedient way, at the time. But it was- it was not good. It was difficult. Oh, damn it, John – stop looking at me like that!” he broke off, looking a little exasperated.
“That’s right. A wee dolly in a box.” Erskine agreed, earning himself another glare from his colleague.
“I rather like the quiet hours, Mr. Holmes.” Patrick remarked thoughtfully. “I see nothing wrong with walking away from a job at the end of the day, safe in the knowledge that an evening for my own pleasures and amusements awaits.”
It was a painting, incredibly detailed; photo-realistic in fact. At first, John thought that the image had to be a still from the DVD Sherlock had taken from the caravan; but on reluctant closer inspection he could tell that it was a painting. John was no prude, and he had certainly seen plenty of pornography in his time. But this was far beyond anything he had seen in his trawling of mainstream sites, or even the bizarre things that occasionally showed up in the advertising sidebars.
Sherlock was scanning the crowds too, his hands dug deep into his pockets. John spotted a tall, stately looking woman with long black hair and was about to point her out when he heard what could only be described as a squeal of delight.
“Oh, you know. Christmas… thing.” Sherlock said, determinedly not meeting his eyes. “Utter nonsense, of course. But thought you might… well. Like it.”
“So what, exactly, is going on there then?” John murmured to Violet as soon as they were out of earshot from Patrick and Mr. Brodie. The two men had disappeared around the corner into the stableyard, waving at Griz as she led the large piebald into a nearby stall. “I mean… does Mr. Brodie have…
“And so, eventually she ended up at the door of a convent. She was seven months pregnant, sported several bruises, and was wearing only one shoe. She had to beg them to let her in; and that really
“...Meso...potamian....wax...seals?!” John gasped, and buried his face in the heavily embroidered silk counterpane.
“You see, it wasn’t ever enough. She kept on asking for more money; she kept on dropping hints at dinner. She said that she would write to my father and tell him. I think George guessed, although I never breathed a word. She never liked Hilary much, I’m afraid. Hilary says that it’s been a curse her whole life, the jealousy of other women. Poor thing. I think Sandra quite liked having that power, something that would break dear Hilary’s heart. But she obviously didn’t tell her, I’m sure of that. Hilary is so wonderfully open, she wouldn’t have known and kept it to herself. I really don’t deserve her.” his voice grew hoarse.
“And your point is?” The words come out sharper than John intended, but Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice.
“Any good leads so far, Mr. Holmes?” Basil asked, obviously a little anxious at Hilary’s imminent departure. He watched her distractedly as Hilary dusted off her hands and wiped them down the sides of her painting smock. This action caused the garment to mould rather closely to Hilary’s chest. Basil dropped his pencil.
John swallowed hard; his stomach uneasy. Violet wordlessly reached out from behind him and squeezed his shoulder. “Won’t be long now. They can’t be much further ahead.”
He peered through the glass panels of the conservatory doors, hoping to catch a glimpse of Violet among the heavy greenery and trees. Pushing the heavy door open, he caught sight of an abandoned easel covered with a sheet and an overflowing ashtray next to a discarded palette. On closer inspection, the ashtray was still wafting smoke and John turned slowly, scanning the hot damp room for a sign of her.
Once they had ensconced themselves on piles of cushions on the raised walkway in the conservatory, Violet lit a cigarette and exhaled the smoke with so much satisfaction that she looked almost post-coital. “Oh, John, my fabulous monster. The bliss of it! Can you hear that?”
John attempted a swirling movement with his tongue that made Sherlock pant loudly, his torso twisting and arching restlessly off the mattress. He had to keep glancing up, enthralled, as he took note of what made Sherlock quiver and moan, which flicks of the tongue and pressure made him swear breathlessly. His jaw began to ache a little after a while, from being stretched around Sherlock’s not inconsiderable girth.
“But how would they have gotten in?” John asked, suddenly. “You gave the police the key, and you have the spare you kept in the kitchen drawer. Neither went missing, did they?”
“But you’re not any closer to catching Freddie though, are you?” George said sharply. “If the two of you are able to track down master criminals based on the mud on their shoes or the newspaper they were reading; it’s a damn poor show if you can’t track down one addled artist.”
[Yes, love. They’re also made out of organic silk and bamboo, in a shade the nice lady in the shop assured me was called Drifting Mist. They are doing absolutely nothing to keep you warm. Mr. Trenet over there however is wearing what looks like a cosy goretex waterproof number, lined with fleece. Get it off him. Right
Sherlock cocked his head slightly, and a small smile finally ghosted across his face. “Twenty three seconds.”
Hilary came and slipped her hand under Basil’s arm. “I quite... agree. Darling. Where is he, Doctor Watson?” She avoided John’s gaze, and it didn’t escape his notice that neither she nor Basil seemed all that concerned about Violet.
“Well my granny had these awful shepherdess figurines which she swore were worth thousands. Maybe they’re ugly valuable bunnies, left to her by an elderly and tasteless relative?”
“We met with Reverend Duncan.” John offered, taking a seat and moving the soup away from Sherlock before he could inhale the entire contents. Violet nodded encouragingly, and took a seat.
John was definitely not smiling. One should not encourage Sherlock that way. It might make him think that his actions were welcome or appropriate, which they definitely were not. Sherlock fished in the pockets of his coat, which was slung over the back of one of the kitchen chairs. He carelessly deposited a very large handful of plug fuses into a nearby discarded saucer. Some of them escaped and rolled off the table and onto the floor, where they noisily bounced and rolled under the fridge.
Beyond the green was a picturesque clutter of granite cottages and low buildings, none of them more than two stories tall. Several of the doors were framed by pillars formed from roughly hewn tree trunks, gnarled and smoothed by time. Tall sloping rooves and windowsills were heavily adorned with sharp icicles and thick layers of snow. Light shone from behind thick glass windows, as the sun was now only just clearing the hills. The narrow winding streets were sparsely populated, with only a handful of people cautiously making their way along the slushy pavements.
He continued to expose more of Sherlock’s pale chest, button by button. Fine, sparse hair on the broad chest. The small, almost perfectly round scar from the bullet, which he gently pressed his lips to; a brief, dull ache. Reaching the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, he pushed the shirt open, revealing pink nipples, peaking in the cool air of the bedroom. He glanced up into Sherlock’s face, daring to run his hands down the firm pectorals, smoothing the softer skin of his stomach.
“Mm. Undoubtedly.” Sherlock nodded, clearly pleased that the matter had been cleared up. “That little manoeuvre was rather telling; a country plod has very little practice at arresting murderous suspects in their locale, sadly. PC Dalziell, on the other hand, has had rather a lot of experience cuffing and escorting reluctant individuals; especially for a man so early in his police career. He could have been a security guard, of course; or a prison warden. But that grip on the back of Duncan’s neck; the precise positioning of his thumb over the nerve cluster… that’s not official training. That’s a warning of profound and severe pain if the captive attempts to abscond.”
