“Oh, by the way.” Steve twisted around where he stood and pulled something from his back. Tony squinted a little at the black square box wondering just how exactly Steve had managed to hide it.
“Nice try. But he’s not the real thing Tony.” Steve snickered and to Tony’s immense displeasure, started to laugh again.
The room was large and modern, but still similar to the rest of the Helicarrier in that there was a metallic theme to the floors and ceiling and pipes ran along the edges.
“You-you’ll do better. Find someone better. Just...you’ll be okay.” Tony whispers in the cold, lonely place (his final resting place) and his body isn’t shaking as much anymore. He’s still cold but it hurts less. His lungs hurt less.
“Oh my god. Tony!?” Steve said with such disbelief that Tony really couldn’t help it. He started to sob.
Rogers is shaking his head and he stepping back to take a shuddery breath and Tony wants to tell him to hold onto him again.
, were blood-shot with tears and fatigue. His soft lips were turned down in sorrow, and his cheeks were still glinting from the fallen tears. It was beyond this face that a hero lay, that this man hid himself, his
He’d never felt this way before, not even when he’d first felt his body crave blood . His whole world had come crashing down.
Tiberius Stone scanned the line up carefully, clearly searching and assessing. Finally, his gaze fell onto Tony.
“Just...bathroom.” He muttered and carried on, shoving through the crowd of peacocks with money so far up their asses, they couldn’t see straight.
“You think I’ve been punishing you?” Steve whispered, sounding absolutely miserable. Even his eyes dimmed and Tony quickly lifted his hands to try and wave the look away.
He sighed and guided the human to a slouched position against the wall of the alley, kicking away some of the syringes into a nearby cardboard box. This had been his home once. In some distant part of his memory, he remembered travelling down a street just like this with a young woman named Pepper. Well maybe that hadn’t been her real name but he was certain he’d called her that once. Maybe a happy smile had been thrown his way once or twice, and he’d waved his hand and smiled proudly, explaining that he couldn’t wait to work on the cars. Had he been an inventor? A mechanic? He certainly felt like it suited him. He definitely felt he could improve this shitty armor.
It makes no sense. They're together now. Sure, Tony doesn't remember taking the pills or the drink but he must've done it some time in the night. Maybe he'd simply drifted in his sleep and the ocean had swept him away. Maybe he'd died of a broken heart.
“Good for you.” The blond on Ben’s right sneered and suddenly Tony was reminded of the time Clint had called him out for not being able to cook eggs. It hadn’t mattered but in those early days, before his secret identity had been discovered he’d had a strange reputation of being a rich man with no substance, which just wasn’t true.
“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.” He murmured and pressed his lips to Tony’s, tasting, feeling, holding him in place-
There was a pause. “We went to Central Park. We had some food and you kept talking about how busy it was. We talked pack and how people always bonded in your days.”
His heart raced. His body wheezed and coughed under the stress and released a cold sweat that did little to help him.
Fans across the world would die for this privilege. Steve Rogers was known to take his bike with him everywhere, often electing to use it over most cars. The media had once caught a very pissed off Captain America getting into a taxi once after having lost his keys in a fight. That had certainly been a fun day for Natasha who’d ribbed Steve for it for hours. If Tony had felt comfortable enough with Steve, he would’ve joined in, only he didn’t want to offend the man. He knew he wasn’t on the same standing as Natasha.
Something had shifted after that dinner. Tony didn’t know what it was but he was struggling to motivate himself all of a sudden.
“I know you can. But it’s my treat. And don’t worry about the money.” Steve added, nodding to the driver who had just pulled in with their car. “I have a pension that’s been building up since the late 70s. I think I’m fine, rich-boy.”
“You always manage to sneak up on me. What’s your secret? Demon curse? Pixie dust?” He asked, spinning around to smirk at the disgruntled look on Steve’s face.
He went to the first roof he’d spotted Steve from. He didn’t linger or dwell in the shadows this time and he didn’t bother to scope out the blocks.
"S-Steve..." He whispered, and reached blindly for him, feeling a soft damp cloth press against his belly gently. He thought he felt Steve's fingers trace the bandages too, being careful as they did.
“Ste-the Commander knows.” Tony cleared his throat and hoped the slip up went unnoticed. Looking at the gleam in the doctors eye, he’d failed.
“But of course, darling.” Doing his best imitation of Zeke. “There’s something about that last drop that gives you a rush.”
Happy seemed to shift on his feet a little before giving up and huffing. With quickly burning cheeks, he folded his arms and looked past Tony’s shoulder.
What are your thoughts? Can it get any worse? How will Steve pull things up when Tony's just said that? PLEASE DO LET ME KNOW WONDERFUL PEEPS :DDD
“He’s okay. Or he will be.” Steve sighed and felt his shoulders fall. Something in him felt broken. Like someone had shattered a glass and had picked up the pieces. The sharp jagged edges were gone, but the glass was still broken.
“No, you don’t.” Bucky says firmly and puts the letter down. He continues to stare at him like he can read into his very soul and Tony doesn’t know what to think of that. Or about any of this really.
“Is there anything you want to say to us before we start?” Steve says because at the end of it all, he’s still a Captain. He’s still leader of the Avengers. There are some things that shouldn’t change.
It took him a good moment to respond. Probably because he was too busy looking at Ben’s expression. The glee on his face was even more irritating than Trish.
“Yeah.” He croaked, scrubbing at both of his eyes and Tony wondered if his heart could break any more. “I’ve always cared about you. That hasn’t changed.”
It was ridiculous. Childish. Why was he relieved to hear Steve was busy? What on earth did that make a difference to? Steve still didn’t care about him and he still didn’t care.
“To keep you safe.” Strange says and Steve’s didn’t think the world could be any more cruel until now.
“No, I guess that’s a...Shield perk. But I can’t just accept something like that without a written agreement. And one where I can buy back my shares once I can afford it.”
“Anyway, I wanted to mention, Zeke’s friend will be here soon. So enjoy your excursions while they last. Things will be back to normal before you know it.”
“What?” Steve sounded more awake this time and when Tony finished tightening his leather braces of the under armor, he caught Steve’s concerned look.
“Did you know about me before you met me?” He wasn’t sure he wanted to know but the words poured out.
Ten minutes later, Steve had Tony’s hand in his lap with a large ice-pack wrapped around it. Tony stared at the way Steve kept the pack tight around his hand and didn’t let Tony pull back, even for a minute.
“Well don’t. I can bite too you know and trust me, my bark is no where near as bad as my bite, agent.”
But that was the situation he was in. He’d lost everything. And there wasn’t much time to try and bring it all back.
“You’re going on another excursion?” Tony’s head shot up, even though he knew what it meant. He’d be forgotten again.
He was in a motel. Not unlike the one in his dream. Only this time, there was no fire, no smoke and no screams. Just the faint sounds of someone breathing softly beside him.
"Tony? Are you okay?" Steve asked him quietly and when Tony looked up, he saw the concern in Steve's eyes. It was enough to give him strength.
"I've been waiting for this." Steve admitted quietly between them and suddenly began to pull Tony along to the beat, following the many other pairs as they began to join the traditional waltz. Very old school.
As they began to move against each other, Steve watched Stark like a hawk. He watched his body language, the way he swiveled his hips to dodge, the way he angled his right hand in the punches  and the way he mainly fought with his hands.
Tony was staring at the floor with a hazy gaze. Somewhere in the distance the party carried on. He wasn’t a part of it.
Yanking off the headset, Tony turned to the agents along the center desk and began to call orders. They had to move, fast.
Swallowing, Tony tried to hide his shiver when Steve’s thumbs traced his ribs gently. It was simple really.
At that, Fury’s whole expression dimmed. Anger flashed on his face before he shook his head a sighed.
It felt like his whole body was on fire. Distantly he registered Whitney saying something, but he couldn’t hear it over the loud ringing in his ears.
"Anything." And Tony meant it. His hand rubbed at his neck again. It was still sore but felt much better than before. Still, Tony had a feeling he wouldn't shake the habit any time soon.
When he looked at the lamp-posts, he didn’t feel anything anymore. Instead, his heart sank lower into his gut, and he felt an even stronger urge to throw up.
For a moment, fear races through Tony’s body and he stiffens. Does Steve hate omegas? Does he look down upon them? Is he disappointed that his son is not-
Tonight’s night was a blessing. Tony had badly needed to escape the cavern after his encounter with Whitney. The whole week, she’d practically spent trying to kiss and make up with Zeke, doing everything to point out how right he’d been and how good of a leader he was.
“As soon as they saw what happened the other day, they asked if they could see you. I told them they could come.”
“Sometimes you need a little restraint. Imagine if we did things like that all the time. You’d never stop.” Ty says sweetly and raises a brow. “You can be a little needy sometimes.”
Watching from behind, Tony folded his arms and looked around briefly. Steve had just started to get to the base which meant that Tony was able to watch Steve’s location on the huge holo screen at the front of the room.
Tony couldn’t stand it. Clenching his fists he stood up and held his hands out to the Cap-tsum by the steps.
He thinks he used to have pride once. He used to be the one giving, not begging. And yet, here he is.
“Yeah. Of course.” Tony whispered back and emboldened, Steve’s smile grew and he shifted his seat closer.
. And everything we had between us.” Tony whispered and looked down like a hole would swallow him from the ground. “You scared the hell out of me. I saw you and the others on the anti-reg side face an attack at one of our Stark industries buildings on the news. When I saw you fighting and the building caught fire I just-“
"Has anyone seen the commander!?" Tony exclaimed, grasping the arm of a nearby agent who grunted and made to shove him off.
“Stark, what the hell do you think you’re doing!?”Maria barked, as soon as he accepted the call. “The commander ordered you to stay on the Helicarrier! You know you’re a target, not to mention, you’re still walking around with three bullet holes!”
That bunker had quickly become his home. It provided protection from the three blazing suns that rose each day and disappeared each night.
The human groaned as he slumped and Tony loosened his collar. Pressing two fingers to the human’s throat, he sighed and stood up.
“You-you didn’t?” Tony whispered, not daring to move. The only sound between them was their breaths.
certified date. Okay not certified but definitely confirmed. He’d just gotten a message. Jeremy would be here soon.
He continued to look around, taking his time to get used to the surroundings. It wasn’t home but it would be soon. It would just take time.
Something had broken. Whatever had just happened, it had taken whatever small flame they’d had and snuffed it out, swift and subtle.
“Nick! Glad you could make it!” Tony tipped his glass and shuffled over to make room for Fury to pull out the chair next to him. Beside them, Maria and another woman took a seat.
“Tony won’t be here for much longer. If you have anything you wish to say, now is the time.” Reed says and stands up, pushing his chair out with a soft screech. When he looks back at Steve, it’s full of pity and regret.
Another fifteen minutes went by. He was meant to have started his chat with Fury at 10:45am so he was already half an hour late. What was taking so long?
“Father please! We forced him to, please don’t punish him!” Zachariah finally cried, clearly unable to stand back as the scene played out. Tony almost wanted to snarl at him. Didn’t the boy already know it was too late?
Once the cars pulled up, the team disembarked and went up to the communal floor. All six of them marching to war or maybe that was just how Tony felt. The tension was palpable but there was also excitement.
“You’ve been in there for five days Anthony.” Whitney explained, gleeful behind her mask. With a gentle arm wrapped around his like a lover, she guided him to the main hall. “I hope you liked it! I can’t wait for our bonding day after tomorrow! Oh it’ll be so good, I’ve got rope and Ty mentioned having you wear a collar after-“
“You get everything you needed from Fury?” Steve sounded gruff, like a frog was stuck in his throat. His cheeks were perfectly flushed and Tony could just picture him running now-strong body and powerful muscles working in sync to-
“How...how long?” Tony rasped, licking his lips as he took slow steps to the now open door. It felt like it had been years.
He remembered a roar. His vision hazy with things fading in and out of focus. Then suddenly he had been faced with the image of Steve without his cowl, smiling down at him like he’d just survived the war.
It didn’t make any sense. If Tony has to guess, he would never have predicted Zeke looking so terrified of a werewolf. Even Ty looked shocked, seeing Steve this way.
The joke was on him. He’d gotten too comfy. Far too close. Now Steve was convinced that his one soul mark had to belong to him. If he hadn’t gotten so close to Steve, none of this would’ve happened.
Limbs stiff as he walked, he settled in front of Steve and sat down gingerly, taking a deep breath as Steve did the same. Similar to the first time Tony had entered this room, Steve leaned forward and clasped his hands on the desk.
“Of course. They would make a perfect couple. The best actually.” Pierce leaned against the bar and tapped again. “Two more please. Make Stark’s a little dirtier.”
While he could hear Steve ordering his men to scour the area, he tapped open the details from the investigations as well as some of the camera footage again.
“So you don’t need to pay.” Steve said slowly, reaching in his pocket for a receipt. He held it out and kept the serious expression on his face.
“Sir.” Norman said and paused, inspecting the crowd of young vampires. “If that’s the case, we still need someone to guard that area. Someone to lay down the family scent and do as they’re told. And someone who knows the Manhattan routes.”
“Sorry.” He heaved tiredly, reaching up to scrub at his sore eyes. The tears didn’t really stop though so he just dropped his hand and sighed. “Don’t worry about it. Doesn’t matter. Sir.”
“Oh, by the way.” Steve suddenly beamed, showing all teeth, and pulled Tony close by the waist. “Have you met my mate? He’s gorgeous isn’t he? An absolute charmer.”
The three shuffle aside to let Steve see. The sight he’s greeted with, slams into him like a freight train. His eyes lock onto the pale face of the man he’s loved since the beginning of this time.
Tony was on him in a flash. Enhanced by the continuous supply of blood in his veins, he used his newfound strength to shove Steve back against the wall. Curling a hand up into Steve’s hair, he guiding his body gently, leaning forward until he was inches away from Steve’s neck. From here the scent roared and filled Tony’s lungs. Vanilla, pine, warmth-all the things that Tony now associated with Steve were there. Tentatively, he licked at the point where the scent was strongest.
When they hugged, Tony wondered if maybe this was a mistake after all. After all, he hadn’t expected his shirt to be that damp after.
“He was in the middle of a meeting. In case you were wondering.” Maria tossed over her shoulder and Tony let out a sigh of relief before he could stop himself.
Tony was a worker. Steve was the employer-the boss. If Steve told him to jump, he’d be expected to ask how high.
Steve was there too. And he was looking proud as ever, standing tall at the front as he led his team to victory.
“So when will you tell your soulmate? You know who they are right?” Nat asked with a slight smile. When Tony glanced at her, her smile widened.
“Sure! I’ll get on them right away. No problem.” Tony smiled, feeling something brewing in the back of his mind. He hoped it wouldn’t be the case but…
Together they walk to the bedroom and Tony isn’t sure why he’s surprised when Roger’s knows exactly which room it is and Jarvis lets him in without question.
“Evac is on its way Tony. You’ll be okay.” Nat said calmly in his ear and Tony wanted to shake his head and explain desperately that he wasn’t the concern here-
He’s a murderer. A cold-blooded killer. Everything Steve made him believe he wasn’t. It almost makes him hate Steve for throwing him off from the truth. It borders on
And Tony didn’t say anything. He just rested his arm on the window and did his best to cover the scarlet on his cheeks with his hand.
“You can’t go.” Tony begs even though he knows there’s no point. He can see it in Steve’s raw expression. “What if I...”
“My boyfriend.” Tony sighed and scrubbed at his eyes tiredly, swiping away the rain and anything else he didn't want to think about. At least the rain was easing up a little. “He, ah. He left me here.”
“Please stop.” Tony breathes and places a shaky hand over his stomach again. There’s barely a bump but still...
“I know you don’t care about him. It’s a shame really. He always had such high hopes for you. For both of you.”
"Uniform's coming off, Tony." Steve breathed into his skin and before Tony could do more, Steve gripped the zipper at the hollow of his neck and pulled down sharply.
“Let go.” He begged so quietly it was almost a whisper and as quickly as Steve had come into his space, he let go like a man burned. The smile instantly vanished from Steve’s face and he took a large step back.
“I’m still not entirely sure what you want from me Mr. Robinson.” Steve said quietly but it was almost too quiet. Like a lion set to pounce.
The sound of a door creaking softly, reached his ears. Keeping his eyes closed, he registered the air change as someone stood above him and paused.
“You don’t know who I am, do you?” The man asked blankly and frankly, Tony felt a little gleeful at being asked that. He hadn’t pictured the man as arrogant but he loved to stun people, especially ones with a stick up their ass.
Tony hadn’t been surprised but it had still been enough. Maybe he’d already reached the point of no return. It hadn’t been Steve’s fault. He’d even tried to save him from the fire after all.
“I’ll be back.” Steve says as he turns to leave and despite Ty’s protests, Tony can’t help but watch Steve go.
The logical part of Tony knows it’s the next step. It had always been part of the plan, especially if things hadn’t taken a turn for the worst. Shield needed a leader. And it was gonna be him only...
“My friend has agreed to come and help us. Ty should be here by the end of the month and then he can take over your role. I just thought I should tell you pet. You won’t be troubled for too long.” Zeke patted his back lightly and smiled warmly. “And of course, we won’t lose our claims since he is a much better fighter than you.”
“Oh yes. He’s their leader. I'm telling you Anthony, they're nothing but trouble. It doesn't take someone with half a brain to notice and the sooner they're gone, the better."
He dropped his head in his hands and squeezed his eyes shut. The room was spinning in slow heavy circles.
Putting every ounce of strength into his legs, and every bit of time he’d spent building up his muscles outside, he pushed forward and bolted for the exit. Sweat trickled down his forehead as he listened out for Zeke’s reaction.
Tony dropped Steve onto the panel and just like before, Steve got to work. This time Tony hovered close and took out the smaller robots from a distance as they tried to get closer. Some of the Shield agents were attacking the wave of robots from behind, which also helped.
" Steve says darkly, like he's angry beyond reason and despite knowing he deserves anything Steve wants to do to him, Tony still flinches when Steve comes right up to him.
The car pulled up outside the White House and Tony wasn’t lying when he said it felt strange being the plus one to an event. Because he was Steve’s addition, he didn’t know the details of the evening and solely relied on Steve knowing where they were meant to go. Obviously Steve was very organised but still. This whole thing felt...strange.
As he got ready and made his way to what seemed like the communal showers and toilets in these quarters (it dawned on him then that Ben hadn’t shown him everything), he realized he had no idea how this would work.
“Make me an Avenger Steve. I want in.” Tony said, stepping forward and wrapping his arms around the werewolf’s furry neck. He pressed his nose into the warmth and breathed in the scent of pine.
His back was throbbing twice as much as it had hours before. That may have had something to do with the hunched position he was maintaining against the corner of the stone room but it could hardly be helped. There was nothing inside except for a small opening; a window with bars that showed the outside. It was too tall for Tony to reach but he thought he could see the soft hue of the rising sun starting to appear through it. It painted a streak of faint white light across the room, highlighting the dust particles swirling in the air. What he wouldn’t give to be one of those particles.
Clearly the moment dragged too long because Steve shifted awkwardly on his feet and cleared his throat.
Tony shook his head firmly. “There’s no romantic intimacy in that type of bonding. Not usually at least. It’s different when you’re mating though. Different effects.”
“That-that’s it. Good job. You’re doing great.” The voice above him said shakily and Tony drank more. His head spun with the taste. It was so good!
“Thanks but you should really thank Thor.” Tony pointed out and gestured towards the cackling God in the center of the room. “It was really his idea.”
Tony sighed then and wondered if he should just spill it all and tell Zeke he couldn’t go outside anymore. At the very least, he shouldn’t go to those areas. But if he revealed that, he’d never be allowed back out and...
For the first time ever, Tony actually wanted to spend more time with Steve and the others. There was something about him that put Tony at ease.
Hours later, he was in a hospital room on the Helicarrier, waiting for Steve to wake up. His lead medic had quickly found him as soon as he (and the rest of the team) had reached the Helicarrier. They’d run more checks on him under Fury’s orders and had found him to be more stable than before. Apparently that had been enough for them to leave him alone with Steve in the Medbay.
“I said leave it.” Steve repeated coldly and Tony snapped his mouth shut, feeling his throat close up a bit.
Steve turned to him and let out a deep sigh. Then he didn’t waste a second and came close enough, Tony was sure Steve could feel his temperature from here.
“No it’s not.” He blew out a breath and almost ran his fingers through his styled hair, only Tony grabbed his hand before he could.
. No matter what. He wouldn’t go back down that route no matter what. In the depths of the ocean, enclosed in his vibranium coffin, Steve would never forgive him. Tony would rather drown than pick it up again.
“Ste-eve? Can you...alpha?” Tony whispered and turned his head in Steve’s direction. His fingers twitched but he could barely move.
"And what would that be?" Tony sounded resigned and tried to pull his hand away. Only Steve didn't let him and he looked up in shock.
“Why are you here? You should be in your block.” Steve asks and to his surprise, Strange ignores him and goes straight to Reed, putting a hand on his back. They share a glance before looking at Steve again.
“What’s so funny?” Tony scowled, slipping his hand out of Jeremy’s to turn and try and catch Steve’s eye. Steve continued to just laugh.
blame himself for not searching for Tony? Maybe if he’d gone out and explored the Battle World himself, he would’ve found Tony searching for him too. He’d probably have laughed and said something sly if they’d met. Something like
Tony didn’t bring his hands under the tap this time. This time, he planted them against the white porcelain sink and stared at his reflection. In the decorated mirror, water trickled down his face, one after the other until they slowed to a single stream of drops.
“Tony? What’re you doing? Come back to bed.” Steve grumbled blearily, blinking slowly from his sprawled out position.
A brief glance made him consider the Shield agents shooting at the robot but then he knew they weren’t an option. They seemed pretty stuck and he was afraid that pulling one out would mean they’d get hurt in the cross fire.
“Been working hard? I see they still got the same uniform.” Tony winked, letting his hands fall into his pockets casually.
“Don’t worry, I’m not stealing this one away. I just want to draw the others out. There’s probably more-“
His words completely left him when he saw Steve crouch. Then he gasped when Steve soared into the air and landed beside him with a heavy thud.
The doors slid open with a ping and Tony sauntered in, dropping his jacket on the couch in the empty TV room and walked into the kitchen. Inside was Steve, looking damp and flushed from a shower. The wet towel was still looped around his neck and a sports bottle was brought up to his lips.
Tony’s face boiled with heat. His mouth parted a little and he spun on his seat to demand an explanation when he froze.
”Stark.” Steve glared at him and spoke with a tone that gave no alternative. “You have no choice. It was part of the agreement.”
“Sorry pal. Should’ve done it sooner, I know.” Steve said as he flexed his wrist and stepped back. “Hope that clears things up.”
. And at night, he felt like he was dissociating. He couldn’t stop dreaming about Steve and the team and what he read about the SHRA and the broadcast he’d watched of Norman beating him to a pulp before his coma. His thoughts felt somewhat disjointed and fragmented and sometimes he wondered if this was what he’d been like before.
Steve reached up with both hands for his hair. And then slowly, with his tongue sticking out ever so slightly, he began to fidget with Tony’s hair. Then-
The sun is just beginning to rise and he’s beginning to hear the telltale signs of New York coming alive. Taxis are revving and people are beginning to appear like phantoms that will soon be replaced by the real things with the morning coffee.
So when the sixth day rolled by, he eagerly collected his armor from Norman and headed out. An hour later, he was back on his favorite building of choice, this time at nine o’clock in the evening. The streets were much busier.
The one thing Tony had always been grateful for, was Ezekiel not consolidating the bond. They’d never slept together and so, the bite on his skin could be overridden and orders could be ignored to an extent. Tony lived to preserve this small freedom he still had.
Steve notes. The faint smell of iron hits his nose. Feeling his body start to shake, he looks down at the body in his arms.
Something flickered in the man’s eyes. Then Steve’s eyebrows lifted up a fraction before settling once again. Seriously, the man was like a sphinx! “I know you could’ve. But I took you to my tailor and you’re coming to this event on my invite.”
“Bring it over.” He ordered distractedly and Tony wondered if he’d get so lucky that Steve didn’t even realize the Shield grunt in his room was his ex-teammate slash traitor.
His door is open for once and hence, when he hears the knocks, he knows exactly who it is and doesn’t get the chance to say no.
Bucky grunts and bends over to pick up the letter. It’s a little bent at the corners but still pristine otherwise and Bucky handles it carefully as he reads. Tony simply watches as the realization dawns on Bucky’s face.
Whoever the Captain seemed to be, he certainly knew how to drive Zeke up the wall. And that was quite remarkable, considering Zeke was one of the strongest vampires Tony knew. Maybe he was a pureblood vampire himself.
Rage started to built up in Steve’s heart and just as he was about to lash out that Stark was the reason Iron man had to keep this secret he-
But by morning he came to a decision. Maybe just this once, there was no need to worry. After all, he’d probably never see that man again and he certainly hadn’t been close enough to be scented. If worst came to worse, he’d simply explain that he was concerned about the number of creatures out there and Norman would cover two areas instead of one. See? No harm done.
“I’m fine.” He assures, though he knows he’s missing that lightning spark behind his smile. Instead, it’s a tired old thing that sits there, more out of habit than any real happiness.
“No, I mean it.” Steve insisted and at Tony’s scathing look, he sighed. “It wasn’t like that. I just didn’t want you to be hurt.”
“Need to get that look off your face.” Gabe said firmly but watched like hawk as Tony stared at him before accepting the napkin. “This is a party. And you’re letting these pigs get to you. As if they’re better than you.”
“Who says I don’t own it anymore?” Steve breathed and suddenly Steve pulled him back up until his back was pressed against Steve’s chest in the reflection.
The thrashing stopped. The screams calmed. Through Steve’s chest, he could feel Tony’s heartbeat start to slow and his own did the same.
“Sit back down boy! I know that look.” He demanded with a bite and Tony nearly flinched under the sudden scrutiny. Only there was something warm behind the command. Tentatively, Tony sat back down and waited as Gabe sat beside him. He didn’t let go of Tony’s sleeve but did loosen his grip slightly.
Tony felt a chill run down his spine and silently he hoped his heightened hearing was failing him. But he doubted it.
“Birds?” Steve asked and tilted his head down carefully, listening out for something to give them a clue. But they couldn’t hear anything-
“What makes you think-“ But before the Beyonder could say anything else, Strange’s portal began to open up behind him, and just as Steve had hoped, he took a second to stare at it. And that second was enough.
Norman hadn’t changed his expression. Only his eyes were dimmed and they seemed full of disgust and pity.
“I-“ A sharp fuzzy noise that sounded like a choked laugh made its way through the speakers. “I can’t tell you that.”
Steve still didn’t speak until he spotted Tony turning the cuffs. Then the silence was finally broken.
“He will make it. He doesn’t get a choice.” Steve says coldly because this isn’t a negotiation. It’s an order.
Steve looked so angry and yet, there was something wounded in his eyes and suddenly Tony was hit with a strange feeling of knowing what it meant.
Eyes red and wounded, Steve looks up and glares at him. It’s made all the more worse by how wet his cheeks are.
In his hand, he grips the neck of the empty brown bottle tighter. He carries it around like a carcass.
For a moment, Steve said nothing. He simply sat there and listened, not even appearing to breathe under the onslaught. But finally, he lifted his head up and faced Tony with red-rimmed eyes.
They spend the night together. Nothing intimate happens since Steve (as he’d insisted Tony call him) spends the night on the couch. They don’t really sleep and instead Tony asks more about what they do together as omega and alpha. What Steve tells him, makes him hopeful beyond belief.
“Oh sure.” Tony rolled his eyes and folded his arms. “You’re welcome. Just don’t let the door hit you on the way in.”
“M-me?” Tony stammered and palmed the letter in his hand several times over. Fury raised a single brow and gestured to the quickly crinkling paper.
Steve still couldn’t understand. How could Tony and so many others possibly believe this was the right thing. How could he truly think that when Goliath had-
Ten minutes went by and Tony was perfectly happy to procrastinate by playing with new ideas on his phone until-
EDIT: I just want to thank Bleakloft once again for the incredible art she did for this fic in the previous chapters! Please do check her out on ao3!
“I know something’s bothering you. In fact, I know several things are bothering you.” Fury said, and with a glance at the bartender, guided Tony to the bare looking corner nearby. The small bit of privacy did make Tony’s shoulders relax slightly.
Tony flushes red with humiliation. How can Ty of all people say that when he’d been the obsessed asshole all those years ago?
“I nearly lost you over a set-up. When we could’ve had another chance.” Steve says coldly, and there’s an icy jaded sharpness to his voice that Tony’s never heard before.
At three on the dot, Tony heard a knock on his bedroom door. He’d finished drying his hair from the shower and was just putting on his comfiest black wife-beater and jeans when Steve walked in wearing a shield hoodie and some perfect looking jeans of his own. Tony kept his eyes fixed firmly above Steve’s waist.
Tony still felt unsure about it all. “I don’t know if I’m even gonna take you up on this. Or if I should.”
Tony could feel himself getting his energy back. Slow and steady he was starting to feel more like himself. Better than he had in a long time.
Together they made their way through the extensive lab, and Tony found himself trying not to grin too hard when he saw what he had to work with. While the living quarters felt foreign, this felt like home. He recognised some of the designs some of the agents were working on as old replicas of Stark technology, and tried not to run over and correct an agent who was happening to change one of the designs. Still it was a little like candy land. This was what he’d come here for, and this was what he could still do.
Instead, Steve’s thumb started to rub gently on the back of his hand. Tony felt like his ears were on fire.
“He’s scared, god.” Steve said just as softly and then slowly manoeuvred his hands to free one and begin to stroke it on its back. It seemed to have a soft Iron-shell around it, and when it felt Steve’s finger on its back, the shivering started to settle and it slowly retracted its face-plate.
Tony spends a few days in hospital with Steve and Petey. The team and Rhodey and Pepper visit them and there’s smiles and plenty of encouragement over the fact that Tony has chosen Steve again and a brief lecture from Rhodey on the importance of staying away from troubling alphas (Which Steve eagerly agrees to). It’s a wonderful feeling being surrounded by family and the omega part of him loves it.
Steve didn’t stop starring at him. In fact, his hands were still hovering over the space where he’d been holding Tony’s.
“Do you...do you need help?” Tony asked quietly and stepped out of the shadows, making sure to keep his fangs retracted and his arms clearly visible.
Steve sighed and let his hands fall in his lap. For a moment, he just looked at Tony and didn’t say a word, until;
"My boots. I'd totally forgotten about them. I would've just let you carry on with them on." Tony explained and chuckled softly at the image. His first time with Steve and he'd be wearing Shield issued white boots. Who'd have thought?
It reminded Tony of a time where he had gotten hit in a fight. A claw had sunk itself into the side of the armour and Steve-
Shaken from his thoughts, he looked up and nodded. His eyes were fixed on the blinking red dot that highlighted Steve’s position.
“Why did it make you think...?” Tony’s face started to heat and hoped Steve wouldn’t make him repeat it. He really,
“Thanks.” Tony mumbled, almost jerking back when Steve held a knife and fork out for him to take. Grateful, he took the cutlery cautiously and began to eat the food. At the first bite, he moaned deeply.
“Steve, don’t.” Natasha said quietly, holding him back before he could charge up and wring the guys neck. But this wasn’t their typical average bad guy. He couldn’t be to have found-
Steve’s eyes were glistening with intent. They seemed bright and full of focus, just as his position implied. He was leaning forward on the table, with both hands clasped in front. His sharp gaze was fixed on Tony like he was a target and his lips were curved up ever so slightly upwards. He wasn’t smiling but it was a close thing.
“You’re right Tony.” Rogers says softly and in the dim light of the bathroom, Tony can see Rogers looking so upset. “Your alpha loves you so much. They’d do anything to keep you safe.”
When he blinked open his eyes, everything was blurring a little at the edges. It took him a second longer than he would’ve liked, to let go.
Just as he turned to leave, he mentally cursed and reached for his one precious item. The one thing he’d had looped around his neck that day.
“Relax.” Steve mumbled but there was a hard edge to it and he was frowning at something behind Tony. His hand started to brush Tony’s ribs gently.
“I’ll be with you soon.” Tony whispers quietly and presses the frame to his heart and he stands up to leave with new resolve.
Steve didn’t waste much time after that. Within seconds, he ripped Tony’s shirt apart, sending buttons flying across the floor and then he was on Tony, devouring him and marking him and covering him so firmly that Tony couldn’t breathe.
“Yeah, okay, sure.” Tony nodded, suddenly feeling more hopeful than he had in months. Before he could help it, his lips spread into a smile.
One day his therapist had even suggested a group session with Steve and his therapist, just to see how it would go which had actually been something Tony had agreed to.
He’d fallen to his knees and used the position to press a shaky hand to his waist where the bullet had found its mark. Somehow, the bullet had managed to pierce through his armor, and Tony realized dimly that whatever these bullets were made out of, they were clearly designed for superhumans. How else did they get through the armor?
“I’m not.” He blurted but rolled his eyes when Steve just stared at him. “I don’t think anyone’s ever had to organise my clothes for me. I usually have enough suits.”
“Shut up.” Tony grumbled and clenched his fists, not resisting when Clint began to tug him towards the Shield vehicles that were pulling up.
Covering an omega's neck had two meanings. To some it was considered proprietary in a way that went back to ancient times, where alphas would conquer omegas and finally stake their claim with their bite mark, touching it constantly to show ownership. To others, it was a mark of protection, a firm form of claim where the alpha would punish any who dared touch their bonded omega, and made it clear by swiping their scent over the bonding glands until the omega scented of alpha.
It fit him perfectly and he actually looked pretty good. It was almost like it was made for him. His chest looked broader and the faint outline of his six pack was on show. It was very body-hugging but that was Shield uniform. He wouldn’t complain, especially since he had plenty to be proud of.
Maybe that was a bit of an exaggeration since this was only their second date but he expected a response for his effort. He just didn’t expect the one he got.
"Come with me." He said and suddenly Tony felt himself being taken back to the commander's quarters. But instead of going to the office, they took a left turn and suddenly-
“What choice might that be Mr. Stark?” Robinson jeered, practically snickering with laughter now, and Tony grit his teeth to keep from swearing.
“Change of plan! I found the control panel!” Steve yelled, much to Tony’s delight. “Bring me my shield Shellhead!”
“Well-“ Steve held open the door for him and waved at one of the waiters. “It’s great to look at on the outside but the best parts are on the inside. Plus it has your favourite meals.”
His eyes met Elijah and Zachariah’s who shrunk away from him instinctively. They looked terrified and he wanted to tell them they’d be alright.
The body suit concealed any more injuries Tony could’ve had, but when Steve saw his face, he nearly saw red. There was a large bruise on his cheek and finger prints peeking out of his collar. And his hands were shaking by his sides despite the forced control.
“That’s not true.” He felt sick to his stomach. Like someone was pounding into him over and over. Slowly, he dropped his head into his hands and squeezed his eyes shut. It didn’t help.
Steve didn’t push him away. He did however watch over him. “You’re okay. C’mon. You really think I’d let you go through that again. That’s-that’s crazy.”
Tony closed his eyes and felt his mind relax. For once it was empty which was a complete blessing considering his state.
“S-Steve...” Tony heard himself whisper and shakily reached up to try and staunch the bleeding somehow. It was almost impossible under the suit and his hands kept slipping uselessly. There was only one option.
“Your card. You activated the signal at a bench about ten blocks from here a few days ago. We started to look there and found your card in the snow. Then we spoke to the shops around there and asked about you. They said they thought you looked familiar and...” Steve blows out a breath and looks away. He squeezes his hand tighter though, which Tony finds he doesn’t mind. “They all mentioned you carrying a bottle with you. We found it a few streets from where we found you.”
The silence of the room was pressing. It felt like a growing weight that wouldn’t leave, a heavy feeling on his chest. Tony hated it. The silence that grew so loud it would threaten to drown him and do nothing to hide the ever present fear of bloodlust. There was nothing he hated more except for that final loss of control.
“You’re unreal Stark. Stop making a mess on my desk. If you wanna do that, go talk to Ty or sit in your corner. There’s a good little billionaire.”
“I’m just saying Tony, you’re not kind enough to yourself. And that’s hit you before. I’m just worried, I don’t want you to...spiral.” Pepper sounded close to tears and when Tony turned around, he felt his gut twist.
Somehow, through the haze he registered nails digging into his cheeks, and something wet started to drip down his face.
” He breathes and before anything, he rushes forward to the bed and pulls Tony into his arms, closing him tight in a hug.
His lips twitched into a smile and his eyes lit up as he sat down on the couch and opened the letter. It really was for him.
Tony twitched when Steve’s hands tightened. What had happened to his shirt? Where was it when he needed it?
“Oh grow up. I just said what you wanted to hear. Now stay out of my way. I don’t need you holding me back. We’re done here.”
“I wanted to speak to Reed. There’s something I want to ask.” He says and comes to stand beside her. “You?”
“And of course, sweetheart, you must appease me. I deserve that much, don’t I?” She purred, one hand snaking up to tug her collar down.
“Ah, forgive me Anthony. I am tired. Perhaps we can discuss this tomorrow? It’s been a long night, and I simply wanted to know that you’d returned. We’ll discuss the rest of it tomorrow.”
“Yeah well.” It was better not to open up that kettle of fish. He didn’t need Steve knowing that he’d once dreamed of having his mark. Or that he was afraid of Steve asking to see his. “I’m not really interested in that kind of stuff. I prefer to keep those kinds of things under tabs.”
“Hey. Can I get you a drink?” Tony said but there was no push behind it. It was just to get her to open up a bit.
“Steve...” Tony choked and more sweat tickled down the sides of his flushed face. He panted through the aches that plagued his abdomen, barely able to catch his breath. His torso quivered through the sweat-soaked cotton shirt that clung to him like a harness. Beneath the fabric, Steve didn't even want to think about the state of Tony's boxers.
The air changed behind him and he sucked in a sharp breath, mentally preparing for the worst. What was wrong, why was-
“Oh god...” Steve whispers and crawls close enough to be kneeling beside the armor. Slowly, the pieces start to fall into place and all he can think is
“Whitney. Are you feeling...better?” He decided to go for the polite route. It would be best not to rock the boat, especially with these encounters he’d been having outside.
“You sure? That really will mean change. What I do, it doesn’t come without risks.” Steve said and sighed. “Though I’m always looking for potential.”
He doesn’t hear anything else. All he knows is that everything is starting to go black and he feels alone and tired and afraid and his body feels numb and unlike anything he’s ever felt before.
“Have we...have we lost someone?” Steve whispers because that’s the only reason he can think of for why they’re kneeling there and not doing anything-
“You do know who I am right?” Tony smiled, trying to stifle his laugh when Ben just went red with anger. The poor guy.
Steve then pulls him in and holds him again. He cries in Tony's hair and mumbles words that Tony can barely make out. But from what he hears, he can tell something's not right.
“Hold on, let me-“ Steve reached up and peeled off the protective layer still seated on the watch and then looked at it again. And actually the reflective surface was really eye catching now that Tony could see it unhindered. Of course, it also reflected in Steve’s eyes, highlighting the depth of blue. Tony wondered if Steve knew just how intense that blue was.
“You’re mine. And I’m yours. I want to bond with you Tony.” Steve breathed and touched his forehead against Tony’s as if he just wanted to be near him. “Will you be my soulmate? Will you let me complete the bond?”
“He’s waiting for you.” Maria urged but something stopped him. Like a physical chain around his waist that pulled him back, no matter how much he tried, he couldn’t free himself to move.
Just before he left the lab, he turned however, and looked at Tony like he was worse than the dirt he walked on.
"Bucky told me. As soon as I woke up. I wasn't dead, Sharon never killed me. It's a long story but I was suspended in a coma and Bucky's been working to help me since he realized."
Taking a minute to get his breath back, Tony opened his eyes and saw Steve checking him over carefully. Luckily Steve looked relieved.
“Make a sound sweetheart. I dare you. But I promise, if anything comes out of that mouth of yours, I’ll drain you faster than you can say fangs.” He whispered into her ear, feeling her shake under his hands.
The scent in the room started to grow lighter. A part of him was glad but the other part was suddenly sad. He’d told Tony that over and over before his heat but this proved Tony hadn’t believed it until now. He’d known it but still...
The doctor went quiet for a moment. When Tony looked up, he realized the doctor looked a little...frustrated.
“I can’t believe it.” Tony said faintly, but felt his lips curve into a huge smile when he felt Steve press a kiss to his hair gently. "I have a mark."
“Sam!” Steve said sharply into his com and out of a separate portal emerged Sam and Carol, with their arms outstretched. And Steve ran forward.
Hopeful, he kept going forward, wondering if maybe Ty wasn’t the right guy for him after all. Surely your boyfriend wasn’t supposed to just leave you on the side of some dirt road in the middle of nowhere just because you refused to show him your messages.
“Yeah sure, that’s-hold on, did you say private contact?” Tony frowned and dropped down on the edge of his bed, bending over to undo his shoelaces. “Who was it?”
"I don't think I've had that much since that day we fought Fin-Fang-Foom." Tony laughed, and Steve did too.
Why on earth had he lied so blatantly? He’d never done that and this threat could very well put the pack in grave danger. Yet there he’d stood, lying through his fangs.
“...It’s alright pet. Some nights are such. You are doing well.” Zeke soothed and reached out to brush Tony’s hair out of his eyes. “I’m proud of you for following your instincts. Returning to the cavern is always safer.”
“Well...what about me? As I mentioned, I've been outside before and have survived just fine. I know how to hold my own in a fight and that way you won’t need to worry about my thirst.” Tony presented the idea again with his hands out-stretched, hoping against all hope. Maybe, just maybe Zeke would-
“But I can do more. You need someone to fill Whitney’s space.” He emphasized through grit teeth, fixing a solid gaze on Zeke. He didn’t blink, even for a second.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. Jeremy’s sweet and kind and much better than anything you ever-“
“Tony!” Steve bolted up from his positioned and instantly reached for Tony’s neck, pulling him up to have a look at him. To his complete horror, he started cry.
There’s shuffling all around him. The crinkle of plastic sheets, the soft pad of footsteps, the subtle echo of a heart monitor. And breathing. The sound of someone inhaling and it was coming from his left. Above him, in fact-
"Tony." Steve cries and now it's even worse. Steve is trembling and Tony's hair feels damp and Tony wonders why Steve feels so much for someone so worthless. He's just a man. Steve is so much more.
Steve’s cheeks were bright pink in it and his mouth was wide and all teeth. He looked he’d just saved the world.
. This is stressful enough.” He said quietly, trying to picture any way he could make this better for both of them. He’d only just broken up with her and ironically, the reason hadn’t even been present at the time. Then only days later, Steve had gotten the call from Carol.
“Tony!” Steve gasped and instantly pulled Tony back up, gripping him tight by his shoulders. Tony froze in his grip, feeling stunned.
The look faded from Tiberius’ eyes and he agreed calmly. “Of course. Although...” His eyes slid towards the crowd for a brief moment.
After their little discussion, Steve had made it very clear he was okay with the bonding. And after much convincing and a little probing, Tony had also made it clear.
“None. And he’s not taking any medication that we know of. His blood types’ A-positive and he also has a history with heart related conditions but I think that’s all in the file.”
Lips brushed against his forehead. And when he cleared his vision he saw Steve standing over him with tears in his eyes.
“You know, I’m feeling a little dizzy. Maybe I need some blood.” Tony mumbled, just loud enough for Steve to hear. The effect was instant and Steve crowded into his space.
“I’m not angry.” Tony said lightly and clicked his chest plate into place. “I’m relieved. I had an itch that needed scratching.”
“I have a proposition for you. Just listen.” Robinson requested but the long fingers around his wrist tightened just a hair. So Tony nodded and tried not to yank his hand away out of habit. He hated it when strangers did that.
It’s too much. Tony feels like the rope he’s been balancing on has snapped. He’s fallen deep into the depths and he’s sinking and Steve’s here to push him down further.
“Your name is Anthony Edward Stark, or Tony, as most people call you. You are part of a team of humans called the Avengers, and play a part as a superhero called Ironman. A few months ago, you went missing and we suspected Skrulls had managed to kidnap you. Whatever happened after...you found yourself here.”
Tony gently nudged Steve’s hands away. “Steve.” He swallowed and his brow furrowed but he kept looking at Steve. “You...why have you done so much? You didn’t need to, anyone else wouldn’t.”
“Steve.” Carol murmurs beside him and he knows she’s noticed the same thing he had. The three men had flinched at the words.
The doctor sighed and pulled away with a grim expression. When he mustered up enough words, he faced Steve calmly and began to explain.
but never hurt her. He’d treat her just right and never let anyone say anything about her after. And she’d deserve that. That love.
“How’re you holding up?” He whispered and like a wave, Tony felt relief crash into him so hard his vision swam and his chest felt like it was on fire. Luckily the medic behind him steadied him. But Steve’s eyes sharpened.
Sometime between him organizing his things and sending a couple of messages to Pepper and Rhodey, the quarters had grown darker and quieter. The light outside was fading into a darker pink and a burning crimson and somehow the dim echo of footsteps had faded into the simple thrum of the Helicarrier engines. He was alone and there was probably no one out there.
“Take me with you.” Tony begged, sobbing quietly even as he felt Steve lift him up gently. His vision grayed and his mind spun but before he knew it, he was being taken towards the blue ship.
“Time to wake up Tony.” Steve roused him gently, putting a hand on his shoulder to shake him a little. “You need to eat.”
“Stark. Thank you for coming.” Steve finally said, placing his pen down with a quiet tap. Then slowly, he leaned back in his huge chair and inspected Tony carefully with a masked expression. Tony couldn’t make heads or tails of it but he knew from just the look alone that he was not forgiven.
He was one of the few people who Tony had figured was in his corner. Was different to Obie and Howard because he had actually given him a chance.
“You were the one who found me. I owe you my thanks.” Tony said quietly, dipping his chin in the arachnid’s direction politely. It was hard to read an arachnids’ thoughts but he thought Peter’s eyes seemed brighter.
Their resident billionaire landlord. The man behind the strings. If Steve could, he’d keep him away from the team as much as possible.
“Umm...Mr. Robinson?” Tony laughed nervously, raising a brow. He’d had his fair share of being blanked but this silence was far colder. Sub-zero.
Instead of commenting, the doctors merely rolled his eyes. “Contrary to what you may think Mr. Stark, I’m not saying this lightly. We’ve been down this road before.”
He’d drifted after that. He didn’t really remember anything after so he suspected he’d passed out. When he came to though, he was met with Steve’s worried face and a decidedly unimpressed doctor. They hadn’t noticed he was waking up because they were busy discussing his health apparently.
Ty shakes his head. “We haven’t. We were going to but things kept coming up. And I knew we were thinking about having a baby but we wanted to bond before. This was, this was a happy accident I guess.”
“I’m sure you can imagine. A guy like me-“ Tony flashed Steve a winning smile, letting his lids fall low. “-has certain needs. Not everyone can match.”
“Tony. What brings you here?” Steve replied, towering over him like a gigantic tree. Tony clamped down the urge to bend over in submission or something. Steve wasn’t a god and even if he was, Tony was not exactly religious.
He feels open and exposed, like a wound scrubbed raw. The grief he’d pushed aside, flares and peaks. He should’ve known better.
Tony watched Maria guide Steve into the nearest seat and pour out a glass of water. There was something surreal about it. The way Maria seemed so certain of her actions, so confident as she rubbed Steve’s shoulder and handed him the glass. As if this wasn’t her first rodeo and-
“Excellent. Now off to bed with you both, you will get your fill tomorrow. Whitney-“ He clicked his fingers. “Take Anthony to my room. I will speak with the rest of you tomorrow.”
“Cap.” Tony groans lightly and thankfully he goes silent and settles for walking beside him to his bedroom. Behind them, Ty is busy arguing with Jarvis.
“Thank you. Guess that means I owe you.” He grinned and launched himself of the edge, landing gracefully besides Thor. He said something to his friends and quickly waved in Tony’s direction.
“So...he cares about me. That’s what you’re saying.” Tony said quietly, and suddenly it was like a weight had lifted off his shoulders. Like someone had given him air again.
Unconsciously, Tony began to groan quietly and try and pull away from Steve and really, he could empathize. Only that wouldn’t be enough to stop Steve from saving Tony’s life. If he had to endure a little pain, Steve would take it.
“I never sent you a thing.” Steve said with a dangerously quiet voice. His face was totally blank. “Not a goddamn thing.”
The stranger gives him comfort when he’s at his worst. When he’s close to tears and screaming, the stranger is always there.
"I can't believe you'd actually consider..." Steve shakes his head and bites his lip hard enough to draw blood. "You would've...to yourself if I hadn't..."
“Tony that’s...” Steve leans back in his chair and looks up at the ceiling. He’s blinking away tears again. “That’s great news. I’m so relieved, I can’t tell you.”
He couldn’t have braced himself for the feeling of actually seeing Tony. This was the first time he’d seen Tony in months and Tony was-
Without bothering to wait, he began to walk past, only his body faltered and his vision swam. Still after a brief pause, he pushed past the pain and pushed on forward.
“Hey rookie. Need a hand there? It’s a pretty big leap.” Steve said behind him, taking Tony back to when Steve had caught him before he’d nearly fallen off the ledge.
Tony doesn’t know how to feel as he climbs the steps. Each movement feels heavy like lead and threatens to pull him into a never ending abyss. A darkness that Tony knows he won’t be able to climb out of. It’s an end that Tony knows will be his last.
“I want you on the bike. I want to see you on my bike.” Steve insisted and something softened in his eyes and he pulled back. But only a little.
“You’re more too.” Tony found himself saying and Steve just shook his head and reached for his pencils.
The Cap-tsum started to cry. It’s eyes went huge and frightened and it started to whimper like it had never been more afraid. And what was even worse was that even then it continued to try and climb the high step to reach its baby. And continued to cry as it always slid back and fell. All around them the other dozens of babies started to peep and whimper softly and some of them even started crying.
“Do you remember what we were doing the day before the law changed?” Steve leaned over the work surface with both hands clenched against the marble.
When Tony finally arrived, he was greeted by a young man with brown hair and brown eyes who wore a white labcoat that had a badge with the name Tyler on it. He hadn’t stood out to Tony at any of the times that he’d spoken to the group, but after Ben and Sam and Trish, Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to meet anyone else.
So naturally, he’d stormed his way to the Commander’s office and barged in without pause, making both Steve and Maria look up sharply.
Steve’s eyes are stormy and a dark blue that screams rage and frustration. There’s also a pinched expression in his face, and he looks seconds away from screaming at him.
“Hey! Get your hands off me!” The man snarled, but rather than shoving Tony off, he dug his fingers into his waist and latched on. When Tony tried to pull back, he found he couldn’t move.
Tony did as Steve said and knelt beside him, curious about what he’d possibly found by this triangle when he froze.
The sun was starting to set just outside. From his seat beside Steve's bed, Tony could see through the window the sky fanning out into an array of oranges and pinks. Down below people were walking with their soulmates and smiling and feeling complete.
When Steve woke up, everything was quiet. The bed underneath him felt warm and smelled faintly of cotton and he could hear the distant sound of cabs, and the distinct murmur of Manhattan. It was evening time, he could tell.
"Oh Tony." She said softly, ever so softly and looked away as if she was struggling to watch. "You should talk to him. We all know how you feel about him. And he does feel that way about you too, he's just being stubborn."
His greed was torturing them both. He was selfish and Steve didn’t even know. Hell, Steve wouldn’t even be in this bed if it wasn’t for him.
“What’s your issue with Ty?” Tony narrows his eyes at him. “You worried he’s gonna be the one I choose?”
“No.” Steve shook his head firmly, knowing full well that Tony could feel his gaze. “Not good enough.”
There’s something cold there. Something lost. Reed looks at him like he’s staring at a corpse of a man he once knew. He looks at Steve like it haunts him. Strange looks the same.
So he’d been tasked with working out the maths and calculations for these designs. There were about ten or so on there and he just had to complete the blueprint calculations. Easy.
“Yes, the crews all here. Made yourself comfortable yet, Stark?” Ben said lightly but for some reason, the two blond guys behind him snickered, and the agents at the back started to giggle. Strange since he hadn’t even done anything to make anyone laugh yet.
Bright gold eyes. Like an animal’s. Laser focus, solid and clear. That man had spotted him. And he’d chosen to let him go.
“Hey honey bear.” Tony whispers, feeling his shakes begin to slow as his body grows tired. He has no idea what’s gone wrong but he’s starting to realise there’s a chance he might not survive. God...he hopes he survives.
“So he has no clue, and you’ve basically been left to fend for yourself on this craft.” The doctor said dryly and Tony got the impression he was being told he was an idiot.
“Everyone, I have great news! My friend managed to make some adjustments and has indeed surprised me. Tiberius Stone is on his way.”
Slowly, he climbed in too, pushing past the net to join Steve in sitting inside the large square ball pit. It was pretty big considering Steve and Tony could actually fully seat themselves without touching each other at. It also seemed kinda cosy.
Suddenly he heard chattering. A man, Brooklyn accent and deep-ish voice was approaching the alley. He was still on the main road but Tony could hear him coming closer. He closed his eyes and focused.
“Hi...” Tony whispers and smiles softly when Steve blinks back tears and presses his lips to the hand he’s holding. The strong scent of protection and fierce warmth fills the room.
Pushing off the ground, Tony leaped into the air, bypassing all of Avengers. He timed his landing perfectly, descending with a hard
Tony hadn’t moved but Steve could feel the subtle change in scent. The sick, aching scent of fear was starting to fade, and something warmer and softer was seeping through the edges.
He couldn’t decipher the mix of emotions of Steve’s face. Anger, shock, rage and sorrow all appeared in a moment. Then Steve’s face went carefully blank, though his eyes turned to steel.
He was in Steve’s apartment. Specifically his bedroom. The whole room was dark, the blinds covering the night coming from the outside and casting a strange veil of peace over the room.
The meeting room is in complete disarray. The long wooden table is in two pieces, and the chairs are backed away against the wall littered with indents. In the center stands Strange, and for once, he’s the one being held back.
Steve saw the moment Stark seemed to realize something was different but didn’t let that stop him. He pushed forward with both feet and sprang into motion, taking Stark by the wrists and pushing him so far back, they almost made it to the opposite side of the room.
"Oh." Tony says numbly and just blinks tiredly. It makes sense he wasn't told. It wouldn't have been fair to involve Steve's killer in the mix.
“We should split up. Carol’s gone forward, so you go right and I go left. The trackers are still working fine and the others can hear us. We’ll regroup in thirty and call if we find something before, agreed?” Steve asked, fiddling with the watch on his wrist. It displayed the atmosphere details, oxygen levels, and distance from the quinjet.
“...Tony...” Steve whispered and instantly Tony retracted his fangs back. He still had enough control. He wouldn’t dare hurt Steve now.
Steve felt like beating himself. Anger flooded through his body and furiously, he swiped at the tears on his face.
“Why, you and Rogers of course.” Pierce insisted, leaning forward a little to make eye contact. “Just between you and me, I think it could even work. I'm pretty modern that way.”
No. Unlikely. Zeke didn’t talk about him with respect. Whoever this man was, Zeke despised him. Maybe a creature who had an excellent sense of smell?
So maybe he could still get something out of this. Tony was desperate to save his company so he’d accept the cockiness.
The tension leaves him like a wave. Relief floods his body. “Well I didn’t exactly know. And anyway, we have to deal with what we’ve got. So-“ Tony flops onto his bed and winks at Ty. “What stories are you gonna tell me about us?”
After a moment of hesitation, Tony reached out and took the bag, dragging it into his lap to inspect it. But when he opened it his eyes went wide.
If he gives this away, there’s nothing left of who he was before. Nothing to show he was anything more than he is now.
“You made these?” Steve asked beside him, and Tony didn’t miss the way Steve kept eyeing him, as if to say ‘
“Heads up Stark. Your number one fan.” Fury said, nodding towards the crowd but Tony squinted and tried to look closer.
"It wasn't your fault Tony. I was wrong to say it. And I'm sorry for letting everyone believe it." He said and suddenly it was like Tony could breathe again. Like a weight lifted off his shoulders, it was exactly what he'd needed to hear, even if he hadn't known.
For the most part they ate in silence with occasional glances at each other. Tony would say Steve seemed to get angrier each time.
A hand settled on his shoulder, hesitant at first but then firmly curling its fingers around him. Then it slid around him and pulled him close into a warm body. Tony’s chin brushed Steve’s shoulder gently and he felt a hot breath in his ear.
“And you’re a damn hero. The best.” Gabe insisted and Tony ducked his head down, trying his best to hide his smile.
“Are you alright, sir?” Steve asked quietly and turned to him, only to open his mouth and stare at Tony in horror. His whole body froze when he scanned Tony up and down.
Ty, who’s watching them closely, growls and pushes Steve away. Steve’s eyes blaze but then they harden and turn sharp as flint.
“Stark.” She said bluntly and Tony tried not to wince at the tone. That was definitely not an improvement from last time.
“Hey. You’re okay.” Steve said in the same tone, practically crowding over Tony. His arms pressed against the seat around Tony’s body and didn’t let up. It gave Tony no room to escape but strangely, he didn’t feel afraid.
Steve sounds nervous as he says it, and Tony can’t help but love the man even more. Steve is so thoughtful, and even now, he’s trying his best to make Tony comfortable. It’s a blessing Tony didn’t know he had.
When Steve spoke, his voice was low and fragile, like a string about to break. Steve seemed to be struggling with keeping the emotions out of voice, but he tried his best.
“No, I got it.” Tony snapped, and snatched the napkin out of the bastard’s hand to wipe at the stain hastily.
There was a moment of silence where Iron man just stared at him and for a second Steve worried he wasn’t breathing.
His neck thrummed happily, sharp little pulses that made his head swim with happiness every time he took a breath.
If there was one thing he was gonna do with his miserable life it was going to be helping Steve get out of this. He was going to keep Steve safe, even if it killed him.
"I know." Steve said quietly and spoke softly. "I forgive you too. I forgave you, the second I saw you again after Norman. I'm sorry for what I said. I was just so angry."
It was a body suit with a zip at the front essentially. Once he had his arms through, he stopped and glanced at himself. That didn’t look bad actually.
Tony blew out and breath and watched the pieces fall into place. There was no point. Steve was right.
Only Tony didn't step back. He stayed right in front of him, within the circle of Steve's arms. They were only a breath apart.
What the man under the armor wore. What he did and had. Clues were there, Steve was so close to him and if only he could know-
So he wandered the streets of Manhattan at seven in the morning, taking a seat on an empty bench to stare at the lifeless world.
The door was yanked open and there Zeke was, dressed in a deep maroon armor, definitely designed by Norman for the riskier excursions. It was slim fitting but made up of titanium alloy plates. Hazily Tony thought of all the ways he could improve it. A common distraction technique he used when things were particularly difficult.
“Reed? What are you not telling me?” But Reed ignores him and turns to leave. Feeling his anxiety build, Steve jumps from his seat and calls out.
“Don’t do something hasty Stark. He cared about you too, I know that.” Bucky warns and follows Tony’s movements with dark eyes when he touches the bruise marks around his neck and doesn’t let Extremis heal them. It feels good to feel something after so long. The pain is bittersweet and the best thing in a long time.
Dinner was a well needed break. After he’d realised he was in desperate need of food, he’d headed straight to the cafeteria, and mentally prayed there’d be food there. He didn’t think he’d manage the night if he didn’t eat soon. Goddamn Steve had gotten him into good eating habits when they’d lived together and now, he was back to remembering them. He didn’t know if he followed that during the SHRA and Norman Osborn’s reign, since him and Steve hadn’t been talking then, but if his weight loss was any indication, he’d say he threw all good habits out the window.
Once Steve finished his soup, he sat back and stretched. Then he took a moment to watch Tony gingerly reach for a banana on the middle of the table. Steve pushed it towards him gently, nodding when Tony looked at him.
All of a sudden Tony’s phone began to ring, blaring out an obnoxiously loud tune. Steve had half a mind to throw it if he wasn’t bedridden.
“You think you’re so right. You think you do no wrong. How can you fool yourself so much Captain, that you honestly don’t understand-“
“Anthony Stark right? Iron man?” He asked and suddenly Tony felt like he was back in the spotlight. Like a radio tuning back in, or a TV show without the fuzz.
“You look better now. More color to your cheeks.” The voice, a man whispered softly, and the material under him shifted as the man seated himself beside him. He was on a bed.
"Tony, you-" She pursed her lips and looked around briefly. Then she fixed her gaze on him and knelt down beside him. To his complete and utter shock, she reached her arms around and pulled him in for a hug.
Tony started to cry, tears streaming quietly down his face as his body quaked and writhed against his will. He grimaced but didn’t do much else, waiting with eyes full of resignation as Steve reached for his hand.
Tony crouched down, and closed his eyes. The sounds of punching and skin colliding with concrete filled his ears. He honed in on the voice he was looking for.
.” Zeke hinted with no small amount of disgust. “They come along and disrupt our work, like we’re the creatures to blame. They have no consideration for our kind. Needs must, wouldn’t you say?”
“Good to see you. Oh, I sure hope he’s doing well. Maybe he could present again, the next time I get a badge.”
“I sent nothing to you.” Steve repeated blankly, and this time it came out monotone. Tony distantly registered Steve sounding like he was in shock, but he was too wrapped up in his own mountain of problems to deal with it.
