Dean widened his eyes
He was upset though because he knew he wasn't going to see Dean again for at least a few days. The thought had not left his mind since they had stepped off the Scala Di Santa Regina trail. And he couldn't hide it anymore. He looked at the young man sheepishly. Dean had noticed the bitterness of Castiel, he who was usually so playful
Castiel started his Harley Davidson. Dean was impressed by the roar of the craft. The pilot began to drive slowly, without strong acceleration or strong braking. He approached the first turns in a very flexible way to show the behavior of the motorcycle to his passenger. Dean had relaxed and was starting to enjoy the trip.
"Oh there ! Easy Jolly Jumper ! I'll find out first. I slowly get used to the idea... "
"My role is to teach you that ! "
Castiel closed his eyes and pursed his lips visibly embarrassed. He loved his daughter's spontaneity, but he wished it had been contained at this time.
"Dean, Dean it's okay, it's forgotten ! "
"Everything is fine ? ” asked Castiel
"Do you feel ready to hit the road again ?" asked Castiel
"Than humans in general or Dean Winchester in particular ? "
He smiled as he read it and raised the cup of coffee to his lips. He reveled in the brew's complex aroma with subtle floral notes. What comfort ! After swallowing a croissant and finishing his coffee, he got up from the sofa. He then saw another post-it on the wall leading to the stairs with the writing
“Yeh !!! You'll see Dean, that's great !” said Jackie happily.
In a new container they then poured the chocolate, cream and gelatin that they had previously drained. They added the hot syrup to the chocolate. Then Dean grabbed the hand blender
“Yes… accidents still happen too frequently. Of course, I am thinking above all of your impala! "
Sam was watching the stars, comfortably seated in his deckchair, a glass of white Muscatellu in his hand. Corsica was a good place to observe the stars because the light pollution was low. He reveled in his delicate flavored drink as he listened to Eileen talk on the phone. She had stayed in the kitchen.
“Remember that the slightest movement you make unbalances the handling. Sorry but if you wanted to take a photo or say hello to the young girls on the way, that wouldn't be possible!” joked Castiel.
If you want you can listen "Give it up" Evelyn Champagne King : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GGcykEw4CKw&ab_channel=Evelyn%22Champagne%22King-Topic
"Yes Cas, we can go this time !" Dean replied.
"Yes, thank you, I'll stop by tomorrow" Dean ends up answering
"- Shall I show it to you?
The places mentioned in this chapter exist (except Castiel's garage which is inspired by Maxxes stores), don't hesitate to type them on google image to let you travel (even the restaurant ^__^)
“Hi buddy !” he said smiling
, Dean thought,
I have never ridden a motorcycle, I knew absolutely nothing about it, I did research both in terms of the best equipment and the handling to adopt. Especially in "duo". I learned a lot of things ! I hope I have transcribed the data correctly !
Hmm ... There is going to be a thunderstorm in the air !
"Dean it's true, daddy doesn't know how to bake that's why I'm coming here ! "
" Oh ! I see you came in very good company! Hello I'm Rowena MacLeod " she said frivolously, reaching out her hand to Dean.
"Who are you exactly Castiel ? " Dean suddenly blurted out
Dean instantly recognized the amazing blue eyes of the biker he had met the day before
"I offer you an exchange..." Dean suddenly says
Her heart was pounding harder in her chest. Especially since he knew about Dean's past and his sacrifice. No matter if the young man didn't share how he felt, he wanted to see him happy. Dean was entitled to happiness.
They applauded the little girl. She threw herself into Dean's arms "It's thanks to Dean !"
" Sam !” replied the young Winchester warmly shaking the hand of the biker.
Rather moved and excited to present this chapter to you !!! In fact, it was the first one I thought of when I came up with the idea for this fic. And yet it arrives rather far !! I created the story around that moment that I had in mind from the start! I find it to be true to what I imagined. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.
"OK ! "
"Come on daddy you'll miss everything !" said Jackie
"Ok… You’re right ! I'm listening ! "
Castiel takes a sip while watching Dean
"I left school to find a job and pay for Sam's education. He didn't have to go through this, he didn't ask for anything…" he continued without anger.
“Jackie ? Say goodbye to your mother ! "
"But I'll keep it all there for now !" Dean said closing his safe.
"Why are you like that ?" he asked
"Dad !” she crie
"Think again, there was never anything romantic between him and me ! But I can easily understand that one can be confused by him !” said Rowena teasingly.
A good smell of freshly ground coffee and hot pastries intoxicated Dean on this Friday morning. He slowly opened his eyes before stretching to shake off the stiffness in the limbs that had remained motionless overnight. He breathed in and stared at the ceiling for a moment. He couldn't believe how well he slept and on a couch to boot. As far back as he can remember, he had never done this... sleeping at someone's house. In fact, spending so much time with strangers was absolutely unusual. The more he stayed away from others, the less he suffered: that was his truth. And yet his meeting with Jackie and Castiel had completely turned him upside down in such a short time until the foundations of this truth were shattered. Was it a sign that heaven or some other force was sending him ? Was it finally time for him to indulge himself in some happiness ?
"Oh no please Dean, can we go for a walk?" Jackie begged.
"Apologizing here is proof that you are not !" Castiel replied affectionately as he picked up the groceries.
Dean approached Castiel and put his hand gently on his Harley.
"Cas ?” he asked
Dean recognized the woman he had seen the day before at Rowena's Caffé. He frowned
“Rowena ? "
"We're gonna sit on Baby's hood !” he said proudly pointing to his impala
?" she asked
He piqued Castiel's curiosity.
"There it is ! » said Castiel proudly showing his sweetheart
then played through his headphones. Dean smiles.
"Are you suggesting that I swap my Impala for a motorcycle?"
“But precisely… I didn't think it would be so intimate. It’s unthinkable for me to be so close to someone like that ! "
Dean smiles, touched by Castiel's wonder.
Hope you still enjoy the sequel, I enjoy writing it !
"Yes ... I understood that you don't want to reveal yourself and I respect that, I don't want to make you uncomfortable. So here is my question: what is your favorite song from this band? "
The two men chuckled.
Jackie frolicked into the cafe.
- No… so as not to change !
Castiel realized that his client didn't like to be rushed.
"You told me we barely knew each other but that's not true…" he said "Actually we look a lot alike… Because despite what you may believe, sometimes I feel as alone as you... "
Castiel, who until then had been stargazing as well, widened his eyes at Dean's words. He couldn't believe the latter was about to open up. That he felt confident enough to relate what was gnawing at him so much. Castiel said nothing and let him continue.
"Yes it was great" Dean replied softly, continuing to look at the stars.
"You can leave your jacket here !" Castiel told Dean, gesturing to a wall coat rack in the hallway.
"I understand…" replied Castiel sorry
The employee walked away from Dean and walked over to the counter.
"Yes ? "
"It's all right Dean, you've had a bit of a drink and you're exhausted, you can stay and sleep here!" said Castiel softly
"Yes..." replied the latter confused.
"Ok... Last thing, when braking, always use the rear grip to hold your body back so you don't bump into me!"
The man reached into his pocket and handed Dean a business card.
"I brought ..." Dean started moving towards the trunk of his impala "I brought some booze and barbecue !” he said proudly showing his food. A pack of Columbus beer and meat to be broiled was placed in the trunk.
He then texted Sam asking if he was sitting comfortably to looking at the stars. Contemplating the constellations in an interposed way had become their little habit. The only habit Dean didn't mind.
"I am Castiel and you are ? "
For this chapter you can listen to A-Ha's “Take on Me” acoustic version: https://youtu.be/-xKM3mGt2pE
was saying the song and Dean was saying to himself that indeed this has gotta be the good life.
He stepped out onto the steps and locked his door. He walked over to his Harley Davidson in the backyard. He looked at it satisfied: his King Road Special always made him proud. Its beautiful quality of black paint, its many metal parts and all its generously sized parts made it so attractive. It always made him want to go far into the heights. He loved it ferocity and power on the road and always did his best to make it express it full potential. He put on his gloves, put on his approved helmet and tightened the chin strap. He got on his car and started the engine. The Harley began to purr playing with its 90 horsepower. Castiel was satisfied and figured he was ready to attack this Wednesday in September.
He took a closer look at the clothes he had just retrieved the piece of paper from and found that it was his motorcycle gear. He swallowed and frowned. Was he ready ? Was it about time ? He hesitated for a moment before finally grabbing the clothes and pulling them on.
“Uh… yes of course ! "
Castiel smiled
This chapter is cut in two ! There is so much to say !
"I'm sure it's not only the impala that's beautiful ! » says Raffaele mockingly.
"Because I love stargazing too ! "
Dean smiles and ends up taking the card. He frowned at his reading. The garage was called the "Castiel & Jackie's"
"I put on too much sugar, I was wrong !! " she said pointing to her salad bowl on the central island.
Dean laughed
Castiel was tense and had his face closed. Dean was watching him. He understood how the situation infuriated and hurt him.
Castiel stood near his Harley Davidson. Dean then felt a sense of well-being invade him at the sight of him. A gentle heat warmed his body and his heart. Castiel wore the same outfit as when they first met. However, it was as if Dean was rediscovering him for the first time. He found he was wearing his black leather jacket which hugged his build beautifully. His
He felt a hand rest on his shoulder. He opened his eyes and saw that Castiel looked at him tenderly.
"Yeah that sucks ... Anyway think about it seriously" said the biker, closing his visor and going back to his motorbike "I'll leave you and wish you a good trip. See you soon maybe?"
He got off the impala and hugged the girl. Dean got up and stayed on the hood.
"Almost ! I met a beautiful Chevrolet Impala! " he replied.
Castiel pulled back a bit and turned to Dean.
"So what brings you to Corsica, Mr Winchester?” finally decided to ask Castiel
"Um, it's time for lunch! » replied his father
Dean, for his part, was enjoying the music Castiel had specially chosen for him. He couldn't believe he had taken the time to put together this playlist. He didn't know how, but the rider had managed to make a perfect combination of titles. He didn't know all the songs, but some lyrics comforted him when others echoed him. He was struck by how well Castiel had surrounded him. And how much he cared about him.
"Let's get the cake out !" Rowena said as she entered the kitchen before noticing the unsettling proximity of the two men.
"Do we really have to come to this? Don't you think we look like two morons? We're over the fighting age, aren't we ?” said Castiel trying to calm things down
"Dean, do you know which constellations ?” she asked as darkness had definitely invaded the sky.
Because in reality Castiel understood very well that he was falling in love with Dean. In fact, the song
"Oh yes !” she replied
"I’m used to it ! And then I have to go! In any case, to climb up there: the motorbike will be your best ally ! "
And it was late morning that the Harley Davidson arrived at its destination. Castiel came to a soft stop in the alley indicated by Dean.
“Good night Dean !” said the sleeping girl
Dean didn't answer anything
Although the two had been driving for a few miles, they spoke few words.
"Cas you’re going to help us! "
"My dear, it's okay to make a mistake or miss, it always teaches us something ! "
"Mum forgot about me at school again ! » said sheepishly Jackie
"Don't do that... Don't give up on Dean ! Think of Sam ! ” said Castiel pained
“Let's go !” Dean approved
"Um… do I have his things if you want to take them ?” finally indicates Castiel
"Alright, alright I stabilize the bike. Go for it !” said Castiel annoyed but obsessed above all by security
Castiel then walked over to Sam and held out his hand.
"Cas, what do you think ? " Dean said bringing the spoon to his mouth "Watch out, it's hot... "
"Daddy ?” said Jackie suddenly still half asleep
"What's this ? "
"Dean, relax… this will work! You have to trust me ! "
"It's a glittering glaze that will enhance your cake! Well, normally it should be used on a frozen cake beforehand but you can try it on a cake that has cooled well. "
“Let's go ! "
"It's great that you came, Mr. Winchester. So you are up for this motorcycle trip ? "
Dean spread the blanket over the hood. He climbed to the left of the vehicle and helped Jackie into his seat.
Dean was amazed: this 10 year old girl knew the model of his car. Castiel smiles
"Wait for the deal, it's a ride in my Chevrolet, not answering an interrogation…" Dean replied grumpily as he continued to watch the road.
Dean smirked. Castiel held out his hand
“But you can believe in him ! "
"Daddyyyyy !!! "
Castiel braked gradually before coming to a complete stop. The road was outlined in front of the two men.
“I don't know how to do that ! "
"Yes... I made you a playlist !” said Castiel with pride
Dean smiles
"There really is nothing! " replied the blue eyed man
"I… I tried to bake a cake !” he conceded
Dean had noticed the change in behavior of the forty-something
without hesitation ! "
Sam had no choice but to look at the figure that had just addressed him. He then noticed that a biker was standing in front of him. Behind him stood another biker who remained on his Harley Davidson. He frowned.
The Paris Motor Show exists well it is located at Porte de Versailles and it exists since 1898.
Dean could of course understand his infatuation, he felt the same for his Baby.
"I haven't built anything ..." he said devastated
Dean looked in the rearview mirror. Jackie looked disappointed.
Rowena cut the cake and served.
"I offer you something: I will make you climb the Scala Di Santa Regina and in exchange you make me take a ride in your Impala ! What do you think ? "
He put his phone away and saw Dean in the distance. The heat was then more intense. At the same time, Dean was more attractive than ever. He had put on his perfectly fitted brown leather jacket, the black leather
"Do you have any fears ? "
"Damn ! She's our girl ! You have to keep her out of our stories. You have to put his well-being before everything else! "
"With dad, we used to look at the stars !” Jackie whispered
"That wasn’t the plan !” Castiel replied, moistening a sponge
"No... but that's why I need to move, not to stay too long in one place so as not to feel trapped or trapped anymore…"
"Sorry ... it's just that I don't reveal myself to people I barely know..."
Dean had arrived in Ajaccio by ferryboat. The night spent aboard the ship had been hellish, although he had traveled in the cabin. Between the incessant hum of the engine and the sea which was agitated as never before he said to himself that finally it wasn’t so badly to sleep in his impala. Baby, meanwhile, hadn't suffered from the trip. Its owner was reassured to find the next morning that it was intact. No scratches were to report. The black paint was still just as glossy. Baby was as spotless as the first day. It must be said that getting into the boat wasn’t easy with such a vehicle. But his pilot had formidable dexterity. He had winced when he saw that the vehicles were tight, leaving little space between them. He was already cursing anyone who dared even knock the door on the body of his sweet impala.
“Mr. Winchester ?" suddenly called out a voice
"And does that make you angry ? “ Dean asked
"A problem ?” asked the latter by dressing his dish.
Castiel dynamically descended the stairs, a smile on his face. He walked into the living room to join Dean.
“Dean ! I'm not trying to make you uncomfortable. I'm trying to help you! "
Dean was staring at the ebony haired man. He didn't like to get tied up because the only experiences he'd had were running into people who were bland, deceitful, and far too self-centered. But Castiel was quite the opposite. Dean felt he wanted to put his daughter's happiness ahead of his own. He seemed sincere, honest and straightforward. And that fundamentally destabilized him.
They exchanged a smile and a knowing look. Dean took the opportunity to take a picture of them.
Dean checked the installation of his feet
"We're going to see each other again Cas don't worry..." Dean said softly
"Okay, but that won't be enough for the strong acceleration..."
“Dean !” Castiel exclaimed as he walked over to him, leaving Luna alone.
"I know a few ... There is
Castiel rushed through the door to the kitchen
"It's okay Cas, it's the intention that counts !” He said
Castiel was still watching his daughter who had put on an apron and was busy baking her cake.
"Castiel? What's that stupid name?" said Dean without holding back
"This is an essential step in the equipment ! "
Dean put his head on the pillow
The two men were face to face.
Castiel was delighted.
They crossed the port, passed near the citadel Miolis and went up the coast to the Genoese tower of Parata.
"I came because I needed… a… pie !” he said faltering
It was Jackie
Water was streaming over his delicate skin. He took advantage of this moment of serenity to clear his head and relax completely. When he was done, he turned off the water and got out of the shower, being careful not to slip. He wrapped the thick cotton towel around his waist and wiped his face with the second. He then noticed that a post-it was on some things on a bamboo bench. He walked over and grabbed him
"It's not that Mr. Winchester ! I'm eyeing you, as you say, only to find the parts and size you need ! "
"No you don't understand, Mr. Winchester…"
"Find what ? "
"I didn't think it would be that bad" Dean said slyly.
that had been entering his ears for a few moments. He was thinking how well the music the blue-eyed man chose fit perfectly with their journey. However, he still couldn't understand why Castiel got so ecstatic when he talked about the Scala Di Santa Regina. He described it as the eighth wonder of the world. But for now, the landscape was constant: the same forest and the same path as before. It was very beautiful and invigorating, but there was absolutely nothing transcendent about it. It was then that Castiel took a sharp turn that he mastered to perfection. And it was out of it that, as if it had heard him, the haunting Scala Di Santa Regina offered itself to Dean.
Castiel smiles. He was impressed with Dean's knowledge.
Jackie was moving around the vehicle. She inspected the body, the rims, the headlights. Dean followed her, Jackie reminded him when he was a child and how his impala had moved him. Castiel, meanwhile, watched them leaning against a lamppost.
Dean approved
Dean smiles. Was it a coincidence that the jacket Castiel had chosen for him bore his name when he had not given it ?
"I've dreamed about it so many times ! My god I missed you !” said Sam stammering
"Oh yes ? And so what ? "
"Be careful on the road, take care of yourself Cas !" Dean said ending their hug
"I regret Dean, but I can't take you to the Scala di Santa Regina if I can't ensure your safety and mine…" said Castiel sorry.
Castiel arrived in the parking of Hotel
Dean was amused at how excited Castiel was and how much he knew.
"You know it very well !” Dean wondered.
Jackie no longer spoke
"Mr. Winchester, I'm sorry, can I ask you a favor ? "
Also note that Ajaccio is about 2h from the Scala di Santa Regina. But for simplicity I brought it closer.
"Can you tell me where exactly Castiel lives ?"
"Jackie, do you think we're making mirror icing ?” Dean asked
"We're going to drive around town for a bit to start off, okay ? "
Dean nodded seeing the obvious
Dean smiles, he appreciates the fact that Castiel was not intrusive like everyone else would have been. He intrigued him more and more.
"Daddy ! The Evening Star has appeared !” she said amazed
"Dean…" he said panting
“Obviously ! "
"Um ... I ran into some assholes and you definitely aren't ! I don’t think that an asshole can light up the heart of a single father and his little girl so much in just one day… Great achievement my young friend ! " said the owner of the cafe, then she leaned towards him "I think you are tormented because you must have gone through something that made you suffer terribly ! I would rather say that you are boorish ! "
Castiel ran his hand through his hair, visibly embarrassed
"Good I hope ?!” Sam joked.
“Not me but my boss yes ! I'll call him now ! "
Dean frowned
"Thank you !” said Dean
"Thanks Castiel for bringing it to me !” Sam suddenly said more seriously
The two men were far from the Ajaccio coast now. They sailed up the land to the sound of
"You're welcome Dean!” said Castiel smiling
"Ha ..." said Castiel sheepishly, staring at the equipment.
“Jackie? I'll be right there my darling! "
He opened an overhead cupboard and brought him a bottle.
Dean still surprised Castiel. He looked rough and yet he knew how to be complacent. Jackie got into the back of the vehicle excitedly. Before going back up, Castiel looked at Dean and said a barely audible "thank you".
’s terrace, her phone in her hand. Castiel, standing, gave her a dark look, which she dodged.
Dean felt cheated and hurt. He pursed his lips and gave Castiel an aggressive look. He clenched his fist.
"It’s my brother ! "
"Sure !” said Castiel nodding his head.
“It’s not anger that I feel, but pain. Pain because it hurts Jackie… and I can't stand it… ”
I apologize to all pastry enthusiasts if there are any inconsistencies.
"OK ! » said Castiel obviously relieved.
"So Dean, where did you learn pastry ?" asked Rowena
"Yes ! I dread roundabouts and turns, I've always heard that it is complicated ! "
I hope you enjoy this delicious evening in September !
The young man smirked slightly. He was however disoriented
"I accept !” he ends up saying
"I don’t know it !” answered Castiel astonished.
He gave him his phone number. Castiel took the opportunity to send him the photo he had taken a few hours earlier.
"Did you know dad was a fan?"
“Too bad I don't believe in angels ! "
The woman smiles
" Cas ?” he said "Oh shit I fell asleep… Sorry… I'm going to go!"
Castiel smiles.
"I’m fine !” Dean replied after taking a few sips.
"The trick is to try not to incorporate air ! This is where you have to be careful not to create bubbles! Let's go ! "
“Yes of course in good !” said Castiel cheerfully.
“We were pretty happy before that… but then my dad got drunk. Every night he drank to forget about, until he forget Sam and me. I must have learned to cope so early on. But I wanted Sam to be less aware of it all. I wanted to protect him at all costs… " he swallowed "I still loved my father despite everything, despite the fact that he looked like a wreck, despite the fact that I had to fight for him to eat or washes, to make the hearth stand on my shoulders so small… I did everything so that he does not abandon us… " his voice derailed slightly, his eyes misted up, he nodded and smiled "Didn't work since he left… He made me believe that everything was going to be okay. I still remember his words
"I'll give you all the ingredients you need, and if you need help you scream !” she said before returning to the main room to continue her service.
"You are the pilot! On the other hand, how do I stand ? "
"Great ! Pay attention to the position of your feet, they should not interfere with me. Remember to always put them correctly on the footrests! "
"Dad can you tell us what happened here ?” she said intrigued
- Good luck to you, Mr Novak.
Dean and Jackie continued to examine the impala in the heat. The sun's rays tended to hit hard at midday.
That morning, after taking Jackie to school and while Dean was still asleep, Castiel was doing technical adjustments to his bike. He had changed the preload setting on the rear shock, checked his tire pressure (which he had increased slightly by the way) and adjusted his headlights. He was enthusiastic but a little worried. He wondered if Dean would accept the crazy idea he had: take him to see his brother. Today.
"The plan is for you to get on that bike and I'll take you to Sam !” he said motivated
“Oh great ! But you know, this road has nothing to do... It is steep, narrow, winding and dangerous. I'm not saying that to scare you. I'm saying this for your safety and the safety of your Impala. You have to hold on to it like the apple of your eye. It would be a shame to shatter this wonder " he said, stroking Baby meticulously.
"It's been 5 years since we last saw each other ... He doesn't know. I surprise him !” Dean continued
"Here we are, Dean ! Always ready ?” he asked promptly
He put his helmet back on
Dean laughed
"Yes ! I think this is the one and only time I could have had such an experience ! "
"Oh my darling !” said his father removing his hand from Dean's “You’re going to bed ! "
"Great idea ! So to Sam !” said Castiel raising his beer
"We'll see then..."
For his part, Castiel Novak was happy with his day. He was back in Ajaccio after having driven down the incredible road of La Scala di Santa Regina which he loved so much to take with his motorbike. But that day had been different. In fact, when he had come by his garage quickly, his employee Raffaele noticed that his boss was wearing a stupefying smile.
The blue eyed biker nodded
Sam's eyes widened instantly
“Hey, hello sweetie !” Dean says
"I think we can congratulate Jackie !” said Rowena
Castiel laughed
The light blue eyes of the blonde head began to sparkle at the sight of Castiel
"Dad gave me the passion ! "
Castiel understood that Dean was fierce and that he probably wouldn't accept his offer. But he still took the risk of asking him. Against all expectations Dean agreed. Castiel couldn't believe it.
"Well… I gave someone the garage card yesterday and I just want to be there when that person shows up ! "
"I am sure, my dear Castiel, that you have already found a lot of good qualities in him!"
"But you are already ..."
. He squeezed his hands on the handlebars, let his arms flex and looked away. He spotted the path and adjusted his speed, it was important not to arrive too slowly so as not to unbalance the bike, nor too fast at the risk of being surprised and falling. He flexed his left arm to offset his center of gravity helping the bike to curve. He cut halfway, while looking as far as possible, and accelerated out of the turn. It was obvious that Castiel was in control of the road. At the same time driving on this kind of road, although difficult, was his opium. In addition, by practicing the "duo", he rediscovered his motorbike. Indeed with a passenger, and therefore additional weight, a modification of the dynamics and the physique of his Harley was to be taken into consideration. Everything had to be rethought: braking, acceleration, high-speed turbulence. He couldn't rest on what he had learned and that was what energized him deeply. In any case Dean adopted the right attitude: he didn’t stress and remained flexible. Everything was perfect.
“Dean… We're a team ! As with the cake ! You have a crucial role to play in this duo ! You must be one with me. We must be one !
"Did I miss a joke ?” asked Castiel intrigued.
“To Sam !” Dean said with a toast
A shooting star suddenly crossed the sky before their astonished eyes
“Castiel ! Your beautiful impala has arrived ! " he said in an amused tone.
"Boorish ?! Doesn't that mean the same thing ?” he said devouring his piece of pie
They stared at each other for a moment. Castiel coughed, eager to cut this exchange short
"Yes ? "
Luna sighed, got into her car without saying a word and left the Novak residence. Castiel seemed relieved. He turned to Dean
They laughed
“Really good !” Dean said visibly more relaxed
An idea crossed his mind.
"We're not going to go down very far but we can at least take a closer look at them for a moment !" said Castiel who was advancing cautiously on the stony track followed by Dean.
"I was 8 when my mother died ..." he said calmly.
A voice echoed in the courtyard.
On this Friday morning, Sam Winchester was tending to the front garden of his house. Exceptionally, he was already at the weekend and took the opportunity to garden quietly. He was on his knees holding his trowel, busy planting beautiful yellow peonies. He examined the rendering but was not satisfied. He leaned towards the ground again when he heard a motorbike stop in front of its fence. He didn't get up, preferring to stay focused on his plantation.
"Do you like ? ” Dean asked, showing no sign of satisfaction.
"No worries ! It’s important not to counterbalance because it dangerously unbalances the trajectory of the motorcycle. Just as we must not accentuate the curve. Don't overdo the movement, it won't help me ... just let yourself be carried away by the movement. Do not be afraid the motorbike will not fall. "
In front of them two mules loaded with boxes full of provisions were hooked up to the elderly rider. Dean was impressed that the beasts managed to practice this steep path. A few hikers were equally intrigued.
This Wednesday morning, Castiel woke up with a smile on his face. He was still generally in a happy mood. But that morning tasted different. Was it the fact that he was still on vacation that made him so happy ? Unless it was the meeting he had yesterday ?
Castiel had lied slightly. Of course, the analysis allowed him to define the size of his clients, at least in normal times. But this time he had had to struggle not to dwell too long on the athletic body of his young client. He had to stay professional above all.
Rowena had brought them two beers.
He smiled when he saw that the young man had laid down on the sofa and finally fell asleep waiting for him. He quickly returned upstairs to find a soft pillow. He went back to Dean and took his shoes off. He then covered it with one of the blankets they had used to gaze at the stars. Finally he gently lifted the young man's head to place the cushion. Dean painfully opened his eyes
"OK ! "
“You will help us ! You're part of the team, aren't you? "
"DEAN CE, this is the name of this jacket ! "
The three adults took advantage of the cake cooling to eat in turn.
There was a hushed silence.
"I hope too !” said the latter affectionately
"Daddy ? "
"Hello, can I help you ? "
“Dean !” she shouted rushing into his arms
Dean positioned his hands on Castiel's sides. The latter rolled his eyes and firmly gripped the young man's hands, placing them under his chest.
“And yes sometimes I can also be nice !” Dean replied mockingly
" Yes of course !” Sam replied
"Mister Winchester" Dean replied
La "Caffé de Rowena" is inspired by "Caffé de Flore" in Ajaccio
That evening Dean called Eileen from her hotel room to explain that he wasn't going up right away. The latter had fun "I told you, however, that you could not ride with your impala but you wanted to play smart!" Dean rolled his eyes.
"Is that why you took so long to see Sam ? Because he reminds you of that painful time in your life? "
“You are amazingly good with children ! " Castiel rapturously passed the sponge over the sink.
Dean, Jackie and Castiel made sure they had all the ingredients and utensils needed to make the frosting. In the meantime, they had put the cake in the oven.
Castiel looked at him full of compassion before heading for the porch.
"If you like the jacket, you can remove the protective covers to use it even without riding a motorbike ! ” Castiel said, delighted to see his client finally relax.
"Waaaaahhhhh daddy !!!! A Chevrolet Impala! "
Dean nodded. He put his hand on the pilot's left shoulder. Castiel's pulse quickly raced. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath to calm himself down while Dean dutifully followed the directions given earlier. He was now seated but had left a gap between him and the rider. The latter called him to order.
Dean was watching the stars, sitting on the hood of his Chevrolet Impala, a beer in his hand. Saint-Tropez wasn’t favorable to the observation of the stars but it didn’t matter to him.
"Take care of yourself !” he said before hitting the road again. He was obviously shaken by not seeing Dean anymore.
Still, he examined the landscape for a moment. Larucio pines dotted the causeway on both sides, and a few yards from him stood a heap of rocks, the tops of which he could not see. The tarmac road branched off to the right into the heights. The road was rather shaded. This lush forest contrasted completely with the seaside spirit of Ajaccio. It was crazy to think that in such a short driving time two completely different panoramas were presented to him. The road was rather calm compared to the mess in the capital. However, from time to time Dean saw groups of hikers. He also made out a motorcyclist coming down the trail. He watched her for a moment before leaning back on his map. The rider had slowed down and finally parked in the specific spot on his side. He got out of his machine and crossed the road towards the impala. Dean was rummaging through his glove box for a pen. The biker tapped delicately on the door, however Dean jumped. He looked at the biker. The latter had left his helmet.
There were few things that still made Dean smile: stargazing, his Impala, pies, beers and... Sam.
Dean had returned to the commune of Ajaccio. He was waiting at a red light. There were quite a few people. He held in his fingers the map of the garage that the mysterious biker had recommended to him. Suddenly he heard a voice calling out to him
The young man wiped himself off but he was doing worse than better . Castiel grabbed a clean tea towel and approached him
"Do you know we did half the road ?” said Castiel suddenly while drinking in his turn “ You must be so anxious to see Sam again ! "
"I don't really know... am I good ? " Said Castiel, inserting the cassette slowly into the radio.
Castiel walked over to him, smiling broadly.
Castiel rolled his eyes and walked over to Dean
Dean frowned and drunk with anger raised his fist in Castiel's direction. The latter narrowly avoided him.
Castiel's phone suddenly started ringing. He tensed when he saw the number. He picked up.
Dean entered the shower and turned on the water tap until the desired temperature was reached. He then ran the shampoo through his hair and soaped himself up. He took the opportunity to shave his face. Then he let the hot water run for a little while to relax his muscles. He thought back to the day before and wondered how long it had been since he had had so much fun. He smiles. He couldn't deny that the company of Jackie and Castiel was fun, even pleasant.
Castiel looked at Luna. He gritted his teeth and frowned. He was so exasperated by his actions. Suddenly his gaze was caught by a car entering his yard (he had left the wrought iron gate open). A lively and pleasant emotion invaded him then. His gaze lit up and a smile spread across his face. Luna noticed the change in her ex-husband's mood, she turned to see what was troubling him so much. She saw that a large black car was pulling up in the yard. A handsome, slender, muscular young man stepped out.
"Hello my darling ... What ? Oh no… not yet ... Wait 2 seconds... "
"Great, thank you ! ” Said Castiel relieved
"Mr. Winchester, I'm going to speed up really down that straight.This time you'll have to hold on to me. "
- Thanks, have a good day ! "
After this fabulous expedition, they arrived at the end of the parade and crossed the small village of Corscia before quietly reaching Porto.
"Oh… is that your girlfriend ?” he asked
branded leather pants were also perfectly suited to his figure. Finally he had put on his
Castiel felt Dean's deeper embrace. The heat he had felt since the start of their escapade intensified significantly. Obviously Dean enjoyed the scenery and the ride. Unfortunately he couldn't dwell on his emotions. Above all, he had to be focused on the road because he was responsible for their safety. He approached a bend to the sound of
Dean was flabbergasted
Dean got off the Harley first. He took off his helmet and took the opportunity to stretch. Castiel handed him a bottle of water.
- OK ! "
"To help you, look straight into the distance, over my shoulder !"
Dean took a deep breath and wrapped his arms around Castiel a little more. The feeling of well-being he had been feeling since the start of the morning intensified instantly. When Castiel felt Dean's embrace, he accelerated as if he had received some exhilarating stimulation. The two men were in perfect synergy and that is what made this getaway extraordinary.
Dean was watching the sky. He felt so good. He hadn't felt such fullness for so long. He took a deep breath.
"Good night my darling" he said with infinite tenderness.
“You have no idea ! » Castiel replied smiling.
"Alright, maybe we'll see you! »Said the biker before setting off with a bang
"Truly ? " answered Castiel astonished.
He couldn't help but smile at the message. His throat tightened and heat invaded his body. He frowned. Why did he feel so confused ? He didn't have an answer.
"It's hot here !” the 30-something said at last. He took off the shirt he was wearing over his white cotton t-shirt, revealing his tanned skin and strong arms. His pecs and abdominals were visible through his clothing. Castiel was completely confused and found himself staring at him.
“Fascinating ! " she says
"Sorry ? "
Dean tensed
"Yes ... yes I like him a lot ! " he said embarrassed "If you want to know everything, he makes me feel things that I haven't felt for a very long time... "
"Wait, I'll show you," said the biker, pulling his phone out of his jacket. He scrolled through several photos. Dean wavered between the cell phone and the stranger's half-hidden face.
"Sure ! I'm going to enjoy having the biggest Chevrolet Impala fan on the island ! "
" What are you doing ? Why are you eyeing me like a vulture ! I am not interested ! "
Castiel blushes at his daughter's question
He had chosen a Led Zeppelin compilation
"I'll do it right now ..." he told him before pausing.
"Yeah it's nice…" he said mockingly
"I've loved stargazing ever since…" Dean pauses and suddenly fidgets "Can I offer you something ? Come ! Come on !” he continued excitedly, grabbing Jackie's hand. They walked through the kitchen to the entrance. They were now in the yard.
"Hello, excuse me I'm wrong but you are not from the area? "
Dean winked at Castiel. The latter, shaken, smiled and whispered a thank you.
“Castiel, I want to get down now !” he said abruptly
"Sam Winchester, I've heard so much from you !” said Castiel with a big smile
"Dean we're not going to get on your car ! We're going to ruin it !!” said Castiel worried
“You are nuts ! "
Dean gasped. This sentence ... This sentence brought him back to his nightmarish memory. The memory of abandonment.
"Understood ! "
Dean was still with his back when the bike pulled away. Tears of rage and despair rolled down her cheeks. He was overwhelmed by Castiel's words.
They looked at each other for a moment with gratitude and compassion.
She guided the two men to a table next to a large open window overlooking the cafe's kitchen. Dean sat down on the bench decorated with cushions of various styles and Castiel sat down on the chair.
Dean was holding onto Castiel firmly, enjoying the sound of
"Is that an angel or something ? "
Castiel nodded. He was just as amazed as his daughter. He took the opportunity to take a picture to capture that moment.
Castiel rushed out of the car when they saw them. He approached the little girl. Dean was also taken down but had stayed near his Impala.
by the group
"Okay, I'll give you a second then !” he said as he walked back to his garden.
He handed the passenger helmet to Dean. It was closed but he grabbed the helmet anyway. He settled in without saying a word. The Harley Davidson took off with a bang, leaving the Route des Sanguinaires behind.
"It's never too late Dean !" he said to him
“We are a team and everyone has a role to play ! "
He paused and breathed in "I trust you !” he said to him tenderly
"Are you alright darling?" said Castiel worried
The shopping continued for a little while. Dean followed Castiel through the shelves. He was looking at the prices. He was suddenly offended.
The steps led to a black aluminum entrance door. Inside, the decoration blended design and modernity. A corridor led to the kitchen on the left and the living room on the right. At the back stood the staircase that gave access to the second floor.
“I have been divorced for 2 years and I have him in alternate custody every other week. And so much the better ... If her mother had had sole custody I would have suffered too much... She is my world !” resumed Castiel, taking a sip of his Columbus.
"Tell me Rowena, have you ever thought of doing baking lessons here for the kids ? I saw how much fun Jackie was having and you have the place !” Dean blurted out
this Thursday morning at the agreed time.
"No no Mr. Winchester you are too far away from me, you are affecting the balance of the bike. You need to be as close as possible to my triangle of stability. It doesn't speak to you, I know, but it's essential for our security. Come closer, please. "
"Here you have the Miolis citadel, it’s a military structure built in the 16th century to allow control of the bay of Ajaccio. In the old center you can visit the Fesch museum and the house where Napoleon Bonaparte was born. If you like to eat meat, you can go to a restaurant
Sam stared at the other man for a moment, deciding whether to believe him or not.
Jack was beginning to feel annoyed. He didn’t like the way they were talking about his life and his family. He was also feeling frustrated by the speed at which they were talking. He couldn’t get a word in to defend himself and he was feeling overwhelmed.
“We should probably talk?” He said with an uneasy smile.
As they stepped out of the car, Jack got the chance to take a closer look at the house. It seemed to be located in an average neighborhood and the houses seemed to be fairly old. Jody’s house appeared to be one story, but covered a decent amount of land. The tall weeds and the white chipping paint showed a lack of maintenance that Jack could hardly blame the sheriff for. Being a hunter, cop, and single mom left little time for house work.
“Don’t be nervous kid, everything will be fine,” Dean reassured. “Just remember they are like demonic dogs. Anything that would kill a demon should kill them too. Just give them one good jab by an angel blade and they’ll be down for the count. Try not to smite them right away, it’s good for you to practice without hulking out. You are only allowed to use your powers if it’s a life-or-death situation. I’d rather you be discovered than mauled to death. Capiche?”
Claire still firmly believed Dean and Cas were in love with each other. Dean was just too stubborn to admit it. She could hardly be blamed for his unwillingness to express emotions. Also, it was the witch’s idea to use the truth spell and it was Jack who trusted her. Claire told him it was a bad idea, but he wanted to go through with it. The witch probably wanted them to turn against each other. So really, none of it was her fault.
“Cause you kinda sounded like you were trying to say… B-but you couldn’t possibly mean that…” Dean sounded like he was about to freak out and Jack couldn’t understand why. Castiel’s words had made him feel all warm and excited, but Dean’s face looked like he was feeling anything but that.
“I’d be amenable to that,” the angel replies, eyes dancing, a wicked smile curling his lips.
As he drifts back into sleep, Dean feels a pressure on the top of his head that reminds of when his mom would kiss him goodnight.
He remained too keyed up even to turn on the radio all the way through Pennsylvania and well past the weathered green sign welcoming them to the state of New York.
Well, it was barely audible to himself. Across the kitchen, Dean continued to sing, still beautifully oblivious to the intrusion.
because Cas looks adorable when he makes those exaggerated air quotes with his fingers. “Can we just drop it? I don’t wanna think about bird shit while I’m eatin’.” He winks at Cas, just to ruffle the angel’s feathers. In a completely platonic, brotherly way, of course.
“Dean.” Cas rumbles, his voice part warning, part admonition as he tightens his grip around Dean’s hand. “I’ve told you, they’re very intelligent creatures and deserve to be treated with respect. Look.” Cas gestures toward the Impala with his hand still clasped in Dean’s, so it would probably look like they’re dancing or something to an outside observer. Dean thinks that should bother him, but it doesn’t. He looks to where Cas is pointing, and notices something shiny between the feet of the two birds.
Two large, warm hands came to cup his jaw, nimble fingers sliding through his hair to rest at his nape. “Let’s get you to bed then,” Dean kissed the words into his forehead, and it was all Castiel could do not to sob at the soft press of those lips against his skin.
“Look, it’s just…it’s not—I mean, uh…I just don’t think it’s a good idea, okay?”
“I gotta piss, too. I’ll go after.”
It’s different. Cas is not a small man, and it’s different from what Dean’s used to. So different to have that extra weight in his lap, to have another hard-on grinding against his own, to feel the friction of Castiel’s chest hair dragging against his own, but fuck if it’s not incredible. Dean’s trembling, feels like he’s gonna vibrate out of his skin at any moment, his whole world condensed down to the press of Cas’ body against his, the sea-salt taste of his skin under Dean’s tongue.
“Okay.” Dean gulps as he watches Castiel, Angel of the MotherFucking Lord, rip off his holy tax accountant suit, buttons from the rumpled white shirt flying all over the place. “Fuck
“Cas.” It comes out low and broken, that gravelly voice that’s as much a part of Castiel’s being as his vessel. “Cas, tell me you’re feelin’ it too, man,” Dean pleads.
Goddammit. He huffed in irritation, then popped off a response.
“Okay, angel, enlighten me.”
“As I was saying,” Castiel continues, suddenly all too aware of the plumpness of Dean’s lips, courtesy of Dean’s pink tongue darting out between them, “they are remarkable, intelligent,
That smile grows wider, and Cas’ face floods with relief, and seeing Cas like that makes something in Dean’s gut unclench, comforted to realize that Cas was nervous, too. Dean meets that smile with one of his own.
“Yes, please,” Cas murmurs. Then he takes that plump bottom lip between his teeth, like he’s trying to bite back a grin, and it takes a metric fuckton of self-control not to pull him in for a dirty kiss right there in the entrance. Later, he tells little Dean. There’ll be time for that later.
“Yeah, Cas,” he murmurs, nuzzling the tips of their noses together. “Home. Gotta meet our son.”
Dean licks his lips, realizing half a second too late that he’d shifted his gaze to Cas’ mouth in the process.
Fucking
“Comin’ right up, boys,” Angela doesn’t bat an eye at Cas’ order, but then again, there’s no reason for her to know it’s weird. Dean frowns, narrowing his eyes as he watches Cas turn to look out the window, suddenly so caught up Cas’ strange behavior that he doesn’t even think to keep flirting as the waitress walks away.
Dean hummed. His thumb was slowly scrolling through the phone like he was reading. “The only messages on here are from him. It’s probably just someone trying to reach whoever owned the phone before Cas. Either way, this Patrick guy sounds like a creep.” His fingers started typing, “Wrong number asshat,” he said along as he rapidly tapped.
When they got back to the Sheriff's house, Claire convinced the Winchesters to take Jody out with them to get a drink and leave Jack with Claire, Alex, and Patience. She said she wanted to make up for being mean to him earlier and give him a more accurate social experience. Dean immediately agreed and told them to have fun while Castiel seemed hesitant.
She was also like Dean in the way she made Jack question whether she liked him or not. Of course he knew the eldest Winchester liked him now, but in the beginning it was less clear. But Claire couldn’t be more ambiguous. He could tell that she was trying to avoid talking to him as much as possible and when he did talk she always gave him funny looks. The only time she ever cracked a smile was when she was being sarcastic or lying. And everytime he turned his back he could feel that the girl’s eyes were on him. Jack hated it.
late, but I agree we should get going. Especially if I’m driving, I’d rather get ahead of Friday night traffic.” He pulled out his wallet and tossed a couple bills on the table. “We should watch a movie when we get home. Finally we can pick a movie we actually want to see instead of rewatching
Dean and Jack turned around to see Cas walking into the room. He was giving Dean a pointed look.
“What do you mean it didn’t work? Was there something wrong with the spell? Did that witch screw you over?” she suddenly sounded on guard.
“I didn’t mean to say any of that. It was entirely the work of the spell.” The angel tried to cover up once more.
“Of course I know what a djinn is.” Castiel studied him for a second. “I’ll tell you exactly how I know if you promise to put the knife down.” Son of a bitch. Why the hell was this Cas so damn smart?
“What?” Alex asked, looking at her strangely.
“You should go back to sleep and get more rest. I’ll explain everything in the morning.” Dean could have fought him and demanded him to tell him now, but then he realized how tired he felt. A few more hours could actually do him some good considering how terribly he ached.
“Just a bit, but you and your lawyer brother make a pretty good team.” Dean smiled at the thought of him and Sammy still working together in this universe. It sure beat his other dream world, where they never talked to each other and Sam practically hated him. That’s when it had stop being a dream and was slowly becoming a nightmare.
Although Jack was thankful that his part in the plan was very small and it didn’t involve acting, he still had concerns. Who was this guy and where was Claire getting him from? Was he a hunter? Could they trust him? Jack couldn’t help but feel a surge of protectiveness for his father figure and the idea of purposely letting a strange guy come on to him rubbed him the wrong way.
? That’s a movie that everyone has to see,” Alex suggested.
“We’ll make it work. Like we always do.”
“We live at 13135 Heavenly Way Lebanon, Kansas.” He heard a small voice say from the kitchen table. He looked over to see the little boy from the photo beaming with pride while holding a crayon.
“Why are you looking through my coat?” Jack turned around to see that Dean and Cas had already come back and quickly pulled his hand out. The angel didn’t sound angry with him, only curious, giving him a bit of relief.
“If he didn’t want me to fight him then he shouldn’t have walked up to our table in the first place,” Dean grunted.
He also knew that people thought he was naive and while that may be true in some aspects, he picked up on a lot more than people realized. So since Sam didn’t directly say that Dean was staying it wouldn’t be out of character for Jack to misinterpret that.
“You’re the last person I expected to see here.” In the center of the devil’s trap stood a woman with pale skin and straight long dark hair wearing a long black dress. The only splash of color on her came from her smokey bright red eyes, that flashed back to dark pupils with a blink of her eyes.
“It’s not them I’m worried about. If you piss them off they could seriously injure this guy. He doesn’t even know what he’s getting into.”
“I read Jody’s texts when she wasn’t looking,” Alex said with a smirk. The three girls simultaneously laughed while Jack pretended to chuckle.
“So what’s the plan? The usual ‘let us in, we’re the FBI, your daughter is in danger’ spiel?” Jody asked with a hint of a laugh.
He voiced this concern to Claire who sighed, “I care about Castiel too. I would never pick someone who's an asshole, although he might have to act that way to catch Dean’s attention.”
“You may have been the one to hit him, but I was the one to knock him out. So no, I can’t say I disagreed with your actions,” Castiel sighed. “As for Jack, I think he proved that he is more than capable of taking care of himself back at the warehouse. However, as we already established, burning a person to death in a room full of hunters is less than ideal. I think your intervention was appropriate.” And even Jack had to agree with that.
Sam and Jack walked out of the men’s bathroom, both identically stopping in their tracks when they saw the unfamiliar man standing at their table. “Who is that?” Sam asked, confused.
Claire couldn't stop herself from laughing at the genuine concern on the boy’s face. “I don't know how to cook either. Don’t flip, I’ll figure something out. Besides, the food is the least important part.” If they really had no clue they could always order food from a restaurant, put it on a plate, and call it a day. Although, Claire also enjoyed the thought of making Dean eat whatever horrendous meal the pair came up with. She had no doubt that Castiel would force him to pretend that it tasted good.
Dean began setting up the spell, since Cas had no idea what to do. Dean drew him a picture of the circular sigil that had to be drawn of the ground. It didn’t take too long to set up, considering Dean had done this spell many times before.
“Uh… Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jack.” He started off feeling entirely uncreative.
The next morning, Dean and Cas got an early start. Immediately after breakfast, they took Jack over to Mary’s house despite the Preschooler’s complaints. Jack held a death grip onto Dean when he tried to hand him over to Mary. Dean managed to put him down on the ground, but that didn’t stop Jack from gripping onto Dean’s sleeve and the corner of Cas’ coat.
“Look Claire,” Sam talked slowly, trying to ration with the young girl. “We know this is your case and we don’t want to make it seem like we’re trying to take over, but you know that doing research is just as important as the fighting. We just want you to go over it with Jack and hopefully a new perspective may catch something you missed.”
“That’s alright honey, take your time. We’re all here for you.” That sounded a little odd coming from his mom. She usually wasn’t that direct when it came to feelings, but he brushed it off as her being worried.
“He’s a Nephilim. Fascinating.” Cas smiled. “You used to refer to Jack’s real Father as Lucifer. It’s ironic that in your world he really is.”
“No way dude. Cas would have your ass if he heard that you ruined Jack’s innocence. Not to mention that he does not want to hear about your sex life.”
“I-I’m a nephilim. It means I’m half human and half angel… archangel actually.” He explained with a nervous laugh. “But I’m good. I promise I would never hurt anyone. At least, not on purpose.”
The rest of the album was more photos from Jack’s childhood. They all showed the life the kid had with Dean and Cas as his dad’s and an occasional photo with his Uncle Sam.
“Really? You're starving,” Sam scoffed. “Says the guy who didn’t let us stop for six hours.”
“Stop it!” He said suddenly, when he realized that he finally had their attention he continued. “First of all, I don’t understand why everyone is so concerned with what I eat? I eat fine. Sure I eat like that when I’m with Dean, but Sam makes me eat healthy on occasion. He also doesn’t let me eat a lot of sugar, although Castiel does when he’s not around. S-second, Dean makes sure the Bunker is super clean. One time, it was my turn to do the dishes and I forgot. Then when Dean came home from a hunt and saw the dirty dishes he got mad and told me I was ‘grounded.’ Although, I’m still not sure what that means.” He stopped talking once he realized he was rambling at this point. He felt his face heat up when he saw all three girls giving him odd looks.
“Alright,” Dean clapped his hands together. “Remind me how this goes again?”
“I mean they’re all dead.” He said shortly, but he further explained once he saw the confused look on Claire’s face. “There are four Princes of Hell, Azazel, Ramiel, Asmodeus, and Dagon. Dean killed Azazel, Sam killed Ramiel, the archangel Gabriel killed Asmodeus, and I killed Dagon.” If Patience hadn’t already killed her theory, it was truly dead now. Although, one part of Jack's story left her in disbelief.
“We’ll call you when we come up with a real plan,” Claire told him. “Until then you can stop Dean from sleeping with other people.”
When they got back to their house, Dean and Cas sat down together on the couch. They decided to let Jack sleep in between them with his head on Dean’s lap. They both felt the need to keep the little boy nearby them so that when he wakes up, he will know that he was back home.
“Hit my-?” He touched his forehead where he felt a big bandage wrapped around it. “What the hell?” He felt extremely befuddled. If he was attacked by a djinn, shouldn’t he just be experiencing blood loss? Unless he put up a pretty big fight before he was captured, which would make a little sense, but it didn’t explain why Sam looked pissed.
“Doubt it,” Dean scoffed. “This is Cas’ personal phone not his business one. I could probably count every contact here on my fingers. He only ever talks to you, me, or Sam.”
, goddammit, and Dean’s the luckiest son of a bitch in history. How many people are lucky enough to get a second chance like this (or third, maybe fourth, he’s stopped counting). All that matters is that Castiel, former angel of the motherfucking lord is here, standing in front of the bundle of trauma and repression wrapped up inside the scarred up meatsuit that is Dean Winchester.
after he’s finished chewing a dainty little bite of his patty melt.
Dean continued to caress Castiel’s chin, his jaw; he stroked a fingertip up the stubble on Castiel’s cheek, then slid his fingers through the tangle of his hair.
! Corvids are
The room spun.
us, but don’t worry, I recognize it for the absur—“
Eventually, Dean’s stomach reminds him with a growl, he’ll need to eat that bacon.
“You need to tell him.” Sam spoke softly so that Dean didn’t notice, but Castiel still cringed away from the sound.
he vaguely recalls. Only, as he’s come to expect with most of his encounters with Dean Winchester, he can’t quite seem to keep that angelic detachment. Instead, his mind clouds with the image of Dean licking his lips, and Castiel is suddenly overcome with an intense desire to feel those lips on his skin, which now feels warm and flushed all over.
They continued east through northern Ohio in a tense silence, punctuated by the rhythmic
Dean wakes to the scent of bacon permeating the room, overwhelming the subtle hint of aspen trees and ozone wrapped around him like a security blanket. It’s a lot to take in.
“Uh, thanks,” Dean crumples the soiled napkin and holds it in front of his face, then tosses it into an empty Gas ’n Sip coffee cup in the console. “Don’t let me forget to toss that at the diner, you here?” His voice is gruff, so much so that Cas flinches. Dean clears his throat, then continues, a little more subdued, “Last thing we need is birdshit stinking up my Baby’s interior.”
He pauses again, his head cocked slightly to the side, and stares at the hunter, trying to suss out just what it is about his particular assemblage of molecules that leaves Castiel so…so
“Is that really what you think, Dean?” Cas was doing the head tilt. God, Dean was a sucker for goddamn head tilt.
some—“
Dean banged on the rust-roughened metal again, and once again was met with nothing but a hollow echo from within. Turning to lean against the door, he fumbled in his pockets for his phone. He slid down the door until he landed on cold cement, then set to work fat fingering a message to Asshole McGee.
It’s a goddamn
upset. For a fleeting second, the image of Dean kissing his way along Cas’ jaw floods Dean’s senses, overwhelming him. Dean shakes it off.
drunk.
“Thanks, sweetheart,” Dean replies, because after so many years of it, the flirting with waitresses thing just
Castiel couldn’t help the instinctual roll of his eyes, but his reply had no bite to it. “Obviously.”
But since when had Dean ever gotten anything he wanted, let alone something as profound as…as
“Come on, man, don’t do this,” Sam said, and Dean couldn’t make out who he was talking to at first. He hadn’t noticed Sam was there at all, let alone how he Sam brushed past him to check Cas out. Dean hadn’t realized that he was still frozen in place, just inside the warehouse entrance, eyes locked on Castiel’s limp form hanging in the center of the space. Not until Sam was standing between him and Cas, hands roving over Castiel’s arms and torso, checking for damage, maybe, or for a pulse.
Dean’s a needy mess already, writhing in Castiel’s arms, and that’s before the angel grips him by the hips, fingers kneading his ass, and pulls him down.
Dean’s working himself up to saying…
like this.”
Dean turns to get a glimpse of his rear view, and not to brag or nothing, it’s a pretty good one. The top of the panties rests low on ass, highlights the roundness of his cheeks pretty damn nicely. Now for the top, intricate lace with silk edging, and softer than any lace he’s ever encountered (which, granted, isn’t
“Dean
Jesus fuck.
“And I, you,” Cas counters. “That changes nothing about my feelings on the matter, Dean. I trust you, implicitly.” Cas reaches across the table and lets his hand rest on Dean’s wrist, offering the gentlest of squeezes, then brushing the pad of his thumb across the back of Dean’s hand.
“Dean.” He doesn’t even have to look toward Cas to know he’s making that irritated face, and
“Dean,” he growls as he levels a stern gaze at the human, “they are not just ‘flying poop machines.’ You should show these creatures their due respect.”
No warmup, no easing him into the impact tonight. Just a relentless series of blows to his cheeks, to the back of his thighs, with no discernible pattern or rhythm, that leaves his skin singing. Dean knows his ass will be cherry red before Cas is
From the corner of his eye, he saw Sam giving him one those
“You look so very pretty in them, you know.” Cas nuzzles his face into the crook of Dean’s neck, “It was truly my pleasure. I look forward to seeing you in more.” Dean’s cheeks pinken at the prospect of more, and ain’t that just ridiculous after what they’ve just done?
Yeah, yes,
They may not be in Looney Tunes Land anymore, but Dean’s pretty sure he sees actual stars. Cas fucks him like that for fuck knows how long, Dean’s lost track of time, of space, of anything that isn’t Cas’ cock thrusting into him, the friction of silk rubbing against his own. The entire world has compressed down to this. To the sweaty press of their bodies, to their breath as they pant and moan and gasp, to
Fuck, just
broken, right?
“Thanks, man. This is perfect,” he says as he takes another drink. Dean turns and catches the eye of the lone waitress, currently delivering an order a couple tables away. She flashes a bright smile and nods their way. “You almost ready to order?” he asks, returning his attention to where Cas is still scrutinizing the plastic-covered menu. He gets only a grunt in response.
Dean feels his lips curl into a smile of his own, warm and content, as he takes in furtive glimpses of Cas browsing the coffee shop website. At how his brows furrow in concentration or widen with delight. The way his lips move, in silence, sometimes as he reads. Dean wonders if Cas even notices that he’s doing it.
“I-…y-you look…you’re—“ Cas stutters, and holy
“Right.” Dean scanned the warehouse for signs of another djinn, blade held at the ready. “Get him down, Sammy.”
Even stranger, he’s sober, but not hungover. It’s been so long since that has happened, Dean just doesn’t know how to process. Maybe he should pass the fuck back out.
Castiel couldn’t help himself as he unclenched the last of Dean’s fingers. He let his hand rest atop Dean’s for just a beat too long, felt the too-familiar burn of tears behind his eyes. He managed a choked goodnight, then hurried toward the sleeping quarters.
Apparently Cas is his exception in more ways than one.
Dean goes weak at the answer, his lips tremble and he wants to speak, to respond with words as profound and magnificent and worthy of Cas, but he’s...he’s
“Gonna come for me, angel, fill me up good?”
As he got out of the car, Dean eyed the rain with derision, then popped up the collar of his worn canvas jacket. An exercise in futility, of course, but at least it felt like he was doing
” he continues, “talk to me, buddy. What’s wrong?”
“Can’t risk it,” Dean murmurs, sleepy and content, “don’t wanna lose you again.”
“I take it you approve?” he asks with one of his signature head tilts, nodding toward Dean’s plate, and Dean feels that gaze heating him up inside. His mouth is full of pastry, though, so all he can do is nod as he chews.
,” Dean whispered. “For you? Anything.”
And this time, Dean’s not gonna squander the opportunity he’s been given. Not a chance of that. He closes the distance between them, barely cognizant of slamming the driver’s side door behind him, careless of how it bounces back from the frame, because Castiel is standing there, payphone still in his hand, doing the head tilt and looking at Dean like he’s seeing the sun shine for the first time in millennia.
does Dean need to kiss him stupid.
! If Cas manhandling him up against the wall made his dick perk up, Cas carrying him to the bed like he’s made of helium makes it goddamn
He needed to push him away; Cas knew that, knew he
But this Dean? Rough edges and solid muscle (and okay, a hint of a tummy) wrapped up in slinky silk and lace? He feels
Frowning, Sam looked back toward the road. Because it ain’t like he could argue with Dean on
” More tears spill down his cheeks, but it doesn’t matter. Nothing matters but here and now and Castiel is back and he’s got to get this out. “You left before I could—”
“I don’t have the patience to draw this out any longer, Dean,” Cas says, his eyes gone all dark and predatory as he tosses Dean down onto the creaky old bed. And yeah, it ain’t the most comfortable of landing spots, and Dean’s not as young as he used to be, but how is Dean supposed to be bothered with that sort of thing when Cas is looming over him, all primal and sex growly?
“What the…” Dean scowls, doing his own version of the Cas head-tilt as he takes in the object glimmering in the sunlight. “Is that a
“H-hello, Dean.”
smiled back despite himself.
Breathing.
, Dean berated himself for the hope in his voice. He was pathetic when he hoped for shit.
“D-dean?” Cas stuttered, shy and unsure, as Dean nosed along the hard line of his erection, opened his mouth and let Castiel feel the heat of his breath through too many layers of clothing, then took the pull of his zipper between his teeth. “W-what are you doing?”
“I…I—“ The angel’s whole demeanor crumples as he drops his gaze toward the floor. He suddenly looks so much smaller. “I have a confession to make.”
to making words a thing he can do with his mouth, when Cas lifts him up, pulling him almost completely off that beautiful cock, and he’s whining
“I assure you, it’s not going to bite you.” Cas’ eyes are full of mirth now, the asshole, and it’s just enough of a challenge to bring Dean back from the edge of too many feelings.
Dean whimpers as a thick finger slides inside his thong and slips between his cheeks, “need it, need you,
Dean shakes his head in exasperation, and
. Winchester’s Law: like Murphy, only a thousand times worse. What
“Hey, Cas,” Sam’s voice was gentle. “Welcome back to the land of the living.” He twisted in his seat so that he could reach back to pat Castiel’s shoulder. The touch was soft, nicer than he deserved, certainly, but it still made Castiel jerk away. Sam gave him a knowing, pursed-lip smile before turning his attention back to Dean. “We should take Cas to the hospital, get him checked out, don’t ya think?”
Oh we will turn our luck around
, Castiel found himself trembling uncontrollably, hands scrabbling, in vain, for purchase against the wall. His legs shook, the muscles of his thighs practically spasming from Dean’s proximity, from what he was doing with his mouth. That sinfully perfect mouth. He was on the verge of something, something incredible, downright life-changing, and it was all he could do to stay upright while Dean took him apart.
With a final kiss to the tip of Castiel’s nose, Dean rose to his feet and held his hand out. “Come on, babe, let’s go to bed.”
There are still 3 mule drivers in Corsica, I'm not sure he crosses the Scala Di Santa Regina but they do cross such crazy and steep places! The information Castiel gives about them is real.
Castiel invited Dean to repeat the operation several times in order to familiarize himself with the ascent and descent. Then they put on their helmets. Castiel had previously installed a
. The weather was good. Castiel had favored roundabouts and slightly more winding roads to appreciate Dean's behavior. He wanted to make sure the young man wasn't too tense and stressed before heading down the road to the Scala Di Santa Regina. It was important to ensure the safety of his passenger first and foremost. Castiel was satisfied because Dean let himself be carried away and was attentive to the road. Although he wasn't holding onto him yet and was still using the rear grip, everything was going well. Castiel was feeling good, and despite being focused, he was smiling broadly. What he didn't know was that Dean was feeling good too, and not just because he was going to be meeting Sam in a few hours, but because he was going to have an amazing adventure with a stunning man.
"Yes ? "Said Castiel as he sat down on the solid wood coffee table.
"Don’t tempt me ! "
"Come here !” he said pulling him towards him.
Dean nodded
He walked over to the parapet and put both hands on it. He took a deep breath and stared at the landscape for a few minutes. The view was exceptional. A hostile and wild nature stood before him, dominated by a clear sky. This spectacle gave him a total feeling of freedom.
"Cas, I forgot you were with Jackie tonight, I'll leave you with the family !"  said Dean bored
Castiel was stunned. He had listened intently to Dean's story. He had never imagined that the young man had experienced such a story. He understood the latter's anger better that very morning when he asked him to trust him. It was obvious that since this story he no longer trusted anyone.
Dean’s never really said that out loud before, but an empty motel room at the end of the world seems like the ideal place to give up one of his very last secrets.
Cas finally raised his head, tilting it to the side in just the way that always turned Dean’s insides to molten iron. “If you were the babysitter,” he said slowly, “who was I?”
“Okay, how about you start with why you’re in my room going through my stuff?”
So, Cas is asking Dean to put on a jacket. Which isn't completely unreasonable, considering that he's still wearing that University of Kansas monstrosity of a sweatshirt (even after a hunt). But even that stupid sweatshirt doesn't do anything to detract from Cas' attractiveness...and now they're arguing about it. Which, fine, Dean can handle an argument with Cas. But he may or may not have forgotten that they are standing in very good lighting, and Eileen can read lips.
“No! Cas. No.” To Dean’s complete mortification, his voice broke over Cas’ name.
He really hoped that he was going the punching route.
“When we die,” Sam interrupts, and Dean shoots him a grateful look. He can’t talk about Cas, not now. Maybe not ever. “And that won’t be for a very long time, okay? But when we die, you can visit us. It doesn’t matter where we end up. You’re omniscient now, right? You’ll be able to drop by for a beer and a chat whenever you want.”
Dean’s got his own hotel room, because why the hell not? No one at the front desk, no need to pay.
Dean has to look away from the golden glow searing itself into his eyeballs.
Also, I'm sorry for the quotes...
“You fucking son of a bitch. Come on. Fuck me.
“But he probably hung around anyway,” Dean continues, casually brushing Cas’ hair back from where it’s fallen over his forehead. Empty goo will do that to ya. Dean had to take a shower after he got out. “Not like I could get any privacy to begin with, now he’s in every drop of water and every grain of sand and yada yada yada. Sammy and me have no idea what to do with him. I’m so glad you’re back, man.”
He’s huddled in a ball on the asphalt, but Dean trusts Jack to keep any cars from running him over. His ratty old overcoat—seriously, does he only have one overcoat? Dean’s never been sure—anyway, Dean hopes he has a spare overcoat laying around the bunker somewhere, because this one is covered in something gooey and black that looks like leviathan guts. And Cas’ hair is more gray than it was when Dean saw him last, and looks like it had recently become the home of several birds.
Of course, he’d need to get out of here first.
them I don’t want them to kiss in front of me because then I’d have to say why. I don’t know if I can tell Sammy, not after all these years. I don’t know if I can say it.”
Actually,
The night presses on Dean, covering up everything he’s done to make the room
“You’re a wonderful friend. I don’t see why a romantic relationship should be any different.”
And if this was the
“No, I don’t. Come on, kid, we all make mistakes. Yours was, well, killing my mom. Mine was not forgiving you.”
If that wasn’t the high point in Dean’s entire pathetic life.
Alright, this thing probably isn’t gonna to be
it. I’ve always loved you. Seeing you with Hannah, with that call girl, with your fucking
Come to think of it, it
“I bet you’d be a screamer, Cas,” he says in a low voice. Almost against his will, his left hand starts to feel its way down to his belt buckle. “Bet you’d be begging for me to put it in you before I even got you on the bed. Don’t think I’d take the time to open you up, just push straight in. That’s what you get for leaving us like that.”
. They’re so blue. Bluer than the sky, ‘least any sky I’ve ever seen. You always tilt your head to the side, too. Like a friggin’ dog begging for scraps.
Well, Dean's really never thought this far ahead before.
Dean turns around.
“He was a bad god because he wasn’t involved
“You know, the only person I came back to like that was Lisa,” he said. “But…”
grateful when Cas stopped over a foot away. “What the hell are you doing? Yeah, I know this talking thing is overrated, but you can’t just walk out in the middle.”
3. This story was inspired by listening to "A Lonely September" by the Plain White T's. I also made an entire playlist to get in the specific mood needed to write this story.
Well.
Because Cas is here.
. He had to go for the metaphor. “The pizza man,” he said.
Dean thought bitterly. But there was no use bringing Sammy into this. It was going to be bad enough already.
“Cas,” Dean whispers to the darkness hanging heavy above his bed. “Castiel, you son of a bitch.
Dean shakes off the thought and glares at the steak through his stupidly watery eyes. God damnit, Cas is back. That’s all that matters. Dean is being selfish, and stupid, and he’s going to lose his best friend again.
“Next time I see you,” Dean says to Cas as he washes his last breakfast dish, “I don’t even want you to say hello.”
“Cas, you’ve known me for a long time. You know I’m not the praying type. But right now, this goes out to any Angel in the Empty with their ears on. If you see Castiel, Angel of the Fucking Lord, give him hell for me.”
was the babysitter.”
it! He kicked one of his magazines across the floor and watched it crumple as it hit the baseboard. “I couldn’t ask for another picture because I didn’t want you to know that I was using it to…” he made a vague jerking off motion with his left hand. That was another thing that had come back along with his humanity. Embarrassment.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wondered if it was easy for Cas, maintaining his composure. He was tracking Dean with his eyes, and he had that same confused look that he always had. He’d barely even blinked. Dean, on the other hand, was about five seconds away from punching something—it didn’t really matter what—until his hands were a bloody pulp. Or maybe he’d just break down crying.
“I missed you, as well.” Cas’ voice sounds a bit choked, but Dean figures that if he ignores it it’ll go away. “And Sam. And Jack.”
“What did you mean?” Cas prompted after a moment. His voice seemed somehow gentler than before. Which, great, now Dean was getting pity.
“You can give him all that,” Dean says, patting Cas on the shoulder quite a bit harder than necessary. “Come on, buddy. You’ve been God too, remember? Why do you think we brought you back?”
“Of course.” Dean hadn’t thought he’d get to see Jack’s half-smile aimed at him again. Yet again, he realizes that on his quest for a young, glorious death he’s somehow become a father. And that his reality is somehow better than anything he’d imagined.
“Always tilted you head, I mean. Cause you’re dead now, right? You’re dead and you’re not coming back. It’s just a lot to wrap my mind around, man. Cause one minute you’re saying you’re in love with me, and the next…just gone.
“Yes,” Cas says, reaching over to Dean’s top drawer. Dean hear’s the sound of a cap opening, and his blood turns red-hot in his veins. “I have been hearing the sound of you moaning my name for weeks, Dean, as I fought my way out of the Empty to get to you. Now I want to hear it again.”
“So, let’s see. You took me outta hell, let me stick you through the chest with a demon blade, and then you just kept hanging around. You became a god, went insane, annoyed the crap out of everyone, died about twenty times. I kept sending you away, and you just kept coming back. You’re like the friggin’ heavenly cockroach. But why, Cas? Why did you keep coming back?”
“What?” Dean asks breathlessly, constantly keeping himself from mouthing along the side of Cas’ neck.
? And the whole slobbery make-out fest with Meg? Yeah, you try to forget that.”
, and he took a deep breath. This time, he didn’t even make an effort to wipe away the tear rolling down his cheek. “I’ve had a goddamn metric ton of hookups. Most of them have ended up dead because of me. Well, not as many as Sam, but still. And I’ve never really gotten past the fling stage, not with anyone I lo—cared about. I’m fucked up, man.”
,” Dean whispers, slowly stroking up and down. Up and down. “
“But what will I do when you’re gone?” And just like that, Dean’s good mood is gone. Oh, well. Happiness can only last so long.
“Castiel, I—I don’t—just please. I’m in church and everything, see? Praying like a friggin’ idiot. Breaker breaker, Cas, do you read me? You need to come back. I don’t care if it takes years, I don’t care if it kills you again. I
“I…Dean, I don’t understand.”
“Cas!” Dean calls over the radio, slamming the heels of his hands into the wheel in time with the beat. “No one around but you and me, man. No one in the whole damn world.”
“I’m sure you could.” Even with his massive brain, Sam hasn’t caught on yet. He’s doing his own eyebrow-wrinkly thing, the same expression he’s made ever since he was a little kid and couldn’t understand how to fit the keys into the ignition (Dean hadn’t had any other toys for him).
He was in love.
Anyway, that brought Dean to the second (and as Sam would say, because he was uncapable of using normal words, more plausible) explanation. That Cas was going through his personal things and didn’t care if he was caught, because he was an entitled prick and thought that everything on earth was his domain. Well, Dean’s room was
carpeting Dean’s usually clean room. So either he was somehow unaware that Dean was in the room, or he’d just elected to ignore him.
“You love me,” he said.
,” Dean growls, launching himself forwards and tackling Jack to the ground (but not before cupping a protective hand around the back of Jack’s head).
“No, Dean, I believe that I am the one receiving mixed signals.” There weren’t many people who could look intimidating sitting crosslegged on the floor surrounded by porno magazines. But Cas was using that
“Okay, yeah, but I was looking at that picture, I wasn’t thinking about that. I was…” Dean took a deep breath.
aware of where Dean was. Over the years, Dean had seriously considered getting some kind of Angel radar blocker installed under his skin. He didn’t want Cas appearing like some kind of cursed wax statue while he was getting it on.
, the guilt and remorse were eating him alive. Whenever he looked in the mirror, he saw a black-eyed son of a bitch staring back. He’d had to throw out his best red shirt because of all the bloodstains. When he closed his way too friggin’ human eyes to sleep, he saw the faces of the people he’d killed. He heard them begging him for their lives. He heard himself laugh.
“Cas, I don’t know what to tell you. This one, it felt different. Felt like something big, some kind of Reckoning shit. Doesn’t make any sense, because it was just some vamps in knockoff Party City masks. But this could’ve been big, man. Don’t know how, don’t know why, but I know it. On the other hand, you’ve been…gone for almost a month and I’m still taking to you. Should probably stop that soon.”
you pull me out of Hell? Oh yeah, I know, orders from the big guy. But there’s no way he ordered you to stick around for this long. Hell, you’ve lasted longer than all my relationships put together.”
, Sam would tell him quietly.
Dean struggled for another excuse, another reason that he shouldn’t give in to the strongest temptation he’d ever felt. More than he’d wanted to kill under the Mark of Cain. More than he’d needed blood as a vampire.
But instead, he puts a hand on Cas’ left shoulder, gripping it like it’s a rope and he’s drowning at sea. He was drowning without Cas.
need you back, damnit. All that stuff you said, it doesn’t matter. Hear me? It doesn’t matter. So there’s nothing standing in your way. I believe in you, man. You can come back.”
, I mean Jesus Christ man. If you loved me too, what the hell? What the hell were you doing to me?”
sometimes, Dean wondered whether he should use Cas’ Dad’s name like that. But what the hell, he was going there anyway—those shoulders.
“Good. Now, c’mere.” Dean grabs Jack in a hug, not even adding a pat on the back to make it less emotional. They’ve just defeated Chuck and saved the damn world. For once, Dean is going to let himself have this.
Because they were beating the hell out of each other. Not for any other reason.
“In that case, why are you continuing to call me ‘buddy’ and ‘man?” Cas asked, raising his hands to make the least sarcastic air quotes Dean had ever seen.
“Well, yeah. Sure. But there’s a…I mean…damn it, Cas, I—”
“Yeah,” Dean says.
“You can’t just…just…Jack, the thing that made Chuck a bad god wasn’t that he was too involved with life on Earth,” Sam says, helping Jack to his feet. Dean scrambles upright on his own. “I mean, he wasn’t that involved in all those other realities, and he was just as bad there. Maybe worse.”
“Oh, but it is. Look at my eyes, Cas. You can’t deny it, you know it’s me. Oh, sure, maybe I’ve changed. But we all change. Look at you. First time I met you, you were an uptight humorless virgin. And now…well, at least you’re not a virgin anymore.”
“I love you too, Castiel.”
“Cas, man, what the hell?” Dean asked, trying for angry but just coming out tired. Still leaning up against the doorpost. He hadn’t been this close to Cas since he’d gone back to being human.
“Next time I see you, you’re gonna grab me and shove me up against whatever’s nearby. Wall, counter, Impala would be best. And then you’re gonna kiss me, Cas. Teeth and tongue and rough and messy. I want blood.”
“Not a lot,” Dean continues in a carefully neutral tone. “Whole world disappeared, I got a dog, Chuck beat us up, Jack sucked up all his powers and became the new boss man, brought all the people back, and we ate some pie. Since then we’ve just been trying to get to you.”
“Sorry, man. Been a minute. That last hunt…whew. Had to get Garth on the case, and Jodie and Donna and all her kids. But we did it, Cas, and I think it was you. I think you’re up there helping us.”
“Nope,” Dean said. He was distantly aware that this was up with the dumbest things he’d ever done. He was cutting off a fully powered-up friggin’ angel, not to mention trying to continue a conversation he’d been avoiding for the past six years. “You ain’t leavin’ until you hear me out. So get comfortable.” He gestured to the bed, and when Cas didn’t move, shoved him so that he stumbled backwards onto the bed. And yeah, the shove felt good. But not when Cas was looking at him with those puppy dog eyes.
He could think so much more clearly as a demon. With his mind completely unclouded with emotion, he could understand things he never could before. No wonder Crowley was such a good businessman.
Cas flinched. It was slight, just around the eyes, but Dean had spent long enough trying to decode Cas’ expressions that the flinch was like a flashing sign saying
I have to say, writing from Sam's perspective is SO much harder than writing from Dean's (for me at least). Like if writing for Dean is like Kevin Tran playing the cello, writing for Sam is like Kevin reading the Demon Tablet. Ugh.
At least half of him wanted to do just that. Storm into the room, kick around the magazines, and then kick around Cas. Maybe punch him a few times, feel that stubble under his knuckles, watch those pink lips swell up because of
for the rest of his goddamn life.
“Well, yeah. I mean, now that I know I can stay, I don’t know what I’d do without you.” Jack has always been too honest for Dean. He wipes a hopefully unobtrusive tear from his eye. “Especially now that Cas—”
“Yeah. Cas, you’re real. You’re
“Cas…if you come back now, I won’t be mad. I promise, I won’t be mad. Just come back.”
Dean just shakes his head.
“Lisa was a housewife with children, and you certainly enjoyed her company.”
“I’d better see you again.”
“Come on,” Sam says, poking him in the ribs. “Go get him.”
“Cas. It’s me.”
“I love you, Dean Winchester.” Dean could feel Cas trembling, and he could see a tear dripping down his cheek. But Cas was smiling. And so was Dean.
sounded pretty great to Dean.
“I mean, it’s the only explanation that fits. You dragged me out of hell, dragged yourself through hell for me, and you say that you’d do the same for Sam but somehow you never really do. You’re in love with me. You’re in huge homosexual love with me.”
Cas didn’t turn around when Dean walked into the room. He didn’t turn around, he didn’t lift his head, he didn’t tilt one ear closer to the door to hear Dean’s footsteps. He didn’t even try to hide the ripped up floorboards and the
—compared to this. Cas’ lips moving under his, his stubble rasping on Dean’s upper lip, his soft hair in Dean’s fist.
“You showed me how to feel,” Cas said, still not letting go of Dean’s shoulder. “You taught me wrong from right. If you did nothing else, you have done that for me.”
odd that Cas had never just gone away. He was like that cat in that old nursery rhyme, the one he used to sing Sammy to sleep with.
Dean smiled, closed his eyes and let the elation wash over him. An angel had fallen in love with him. Even better, a demon had just broken an angel’s heart. He couldn’t wait to lord this over Crowley.
Dean brings the mallet down with enough force to cut off a vamp’s head. But it isn’t loud enough to block out the other reunion that’s happening in his head.
Except…it’s not a punch, or a bullet, or even a bite. It’s a pair of lips, pressed against his own, and a squared jaw tilted to the side. It’s glowing blue eyes and strong hands and…
Cas stayed silent, but his eyes were swimming with tears.
And not when he cared more about the feeling of Cas’ chest under his hands than the feeling of overpowering an angel.
“You’ll make a good God, Jack.” Dean laugh at his own unintentional pun, and Jack laughs along, even though he probably doesn’t get the joke.
said a little voice in the back of his head. The one he couldn’t ignore anymore.
“We were just fine before you got here, Cas. We’ll be just fine without you. We always are.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was so obvious, he almost slapped his forehead. But, of course, his arms were tied down.
, baby. Yes. That’s it.”
This time, the change wasn’t subtle. Cas’ eyes widened, his mouth fell open, his eyebrows furrowed more than Dean had ever seen them. He took two steps towards Dean, just to the boarder of the demon trap. Dean guessed he wasn’t even aware that he’d slid his angel blade out of his sleeve.
