had walked far enough away to be out of earshot by the time Benny broke his silence.
Cas tried not to spend too much time at home. Home was full of memories; memories that Cas would rather not think about. As a result, Cas found himself working longer hours at the bakery, throwing himself completely into his work. His time at home was limited to eating and sleeping, trying to avoid the rooms that he and Dean had spent the most time in. Cas ate in his rarely-used dining room at first, unable to bring himself to sit at the kitchen table. He didn't even drink beer anymore; it wasn't that he didn't want to, but the bottles were stored in the basement. Cas was not venturing down to the basement again. He thought it might kill him if he did.
“What are we going to do?” croaked Dean, his voice broken.
Sammy set down his mug. “Yes, I live there now. Helped found a
“Why would you go? Are you unhappy here?” Cas desperately hoped his voice was calmer than he felt inside. Why did Dean want to leave?
Opening the door just a sliver, Cas saw a person huddling outside, a gaunt expression on their face. Cas closed the door, then his eyes with a sigh. He hoped he was hallucinating. Not this again.
Benny, as a Soviet prisoner of war, was a level above Dean in the camp. The guards picked on Benny, but the other prisoners mostly left him alone. That was, until Benny made it clear that he was at Dean’s side and that anyone who crossed Dean would have to cross Benny as well.
Draining his coffee, Dean washed and dried the mug, placing it back in the cupboard. No reason to leave a mess behind for Cas. He gathered his few belongings, securing them in a rag to carry with him. He didn’t need much; Dean would be back before he knew it.
“Cas, Angel, you’re the best. I don’t know what I did to deserve you,” Dean said, amazement in his voice as he kept taking peeks out at the car in the driveway.
Dean hurried into the shadowy cover of the trees behind Cas’ house, beginning his trek to the temporary safe house. He knew it would be a few hours until Cas got home, and probably a little longer before Cas realized Dean was missing and found the note. Dean hoped the raids would be over soon. He missed Cas already.
“My guardian angel, always rising to protect me.” A small smile played across Dean’s face, the first one Cas had seen all evening.
Cas sat down on the mattress under the stairs, unmoved after almost ten years. There was a healthy layer of dust on it, and it no longer smelled like Dean, but the familiarity was comforting nonetheless. Cas lay back, closing his eyes as he did. If he imagined just right, he could almost feel the warmth of another body around his.
Cas was taken aback. That was not what he had expected Sammy to say.
“Sorry, Cas, but I’m not gonna be around for dinner tonight. Gotta work the night shift at the cafe.”
Again, nothing. Panic settling in his mind, Cas began to look around the basement rather frantically. His hyperactive imagination started drawing all sorts of conclusions, fueled heavily by the news reports he had been hearing as of late. One thing was certain: Dean was not in the house. What had happened? Had the Nazis come? Cas cursed himself for not getting Dean out earlier, and for staying late that night. Maybe, if he had come home just a few hours earlier, he would’ve been able to stop the Nazis. How could Cas have been so selfish?
The man grabbed a handful of Dean’s hair, pulling him forward with one arm as he used the other to guide his dick to Dean’s mouth. “Open wide, faggot.”
“Uh, sorry, Mr. Winchester, but what are you doing here?”
Dean felt Benny shift to face him and could hear the confusion in his voice as he whispered, “Castiel? That’s not a girls’—oh.”
Dean finished his slice quickly, taking another without hesitation. Before long, the entire pie had been devoured. The surprise on Cas’ face when he noticed this must have been clear, because Dean noticed Cas’ expression in his post-pie euphoric daze. Dean looked slightly guilty, muttering, “Oops.” Then louder, “Sorry, Cas.”
Dean smiled despite himself, imagining it. “Cas will make us an apple pie, fresh from his bakery, and we’ll eat it on the front lawn, picnic style. We won’t have to hide in the basement or behind closed curtains. Everyone will see us and think, ‘Damn, they’ve got the best apple pie I’ve ever seen.’”
“Hello, Dean,” my boyfriend greets me, his smile tired but genuine.
When the meal was complete, Dean and Cas washed up and took their regular seats at the kitchen table. Cas spooned large portions onto two plates, sliding one over to Dean, and they dug in.
Just as Dean was about to open his mouth to urge Cas to move, Cas opened his. He began to bob up and down on Dean’s erection, taking more and more into his mouth with each try. Soon enough, Cas was taking Dean’s entire cock. Cas could feel Dean hitting the back of his throat, and it looked as though Dean was using all the self-restraint he had to not buck forward and fuck Cas’ mouth.
“It's been four years, Gabriel. What am I supposed to think?”
After that, it was chaos. Cas and Dean were running around the room, smacking each other with pillows as hard as they could, all while roaring with laughter and trying not to trip over the bed or slip on the sheets as they scurried around the room. The two grown men were acting like a couple of children at a sleepover party, and neither of them could remember the last time they had this much genuine fun.
It was nearing the end of September, and the war had officially been over for almost a month. The news was full of reports of the horrors of the camps, the survivors returning to their families, and the German population generally feeling rather terrible about the whole situation.
“I’m sorry, did you
As much as Cas loved the thought, it got quite annoying when he was trying to work as a professional. Popping a semi while making a child’s birthday cake was anything but professional.
Homophobic slurs, rape/noncon, sexual assault, tattoos, suicidal thoughts.
The whole day had only gotten more stressful from there, between the usual rude customers and one particularly persistent older lady who could not, for the life of her, understand what a strapping young lad like Cas was doing in a bakery while there was a war going on. Once she left, with a “Heil Hitler” no less, Cas let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding and began to close up for the day.
If you feel like you may be triggered by any of these things, please skip this chapter.
“Had,” Cas muttered bitterly. He hadn't intended for Gabe to hear, but Gabriel heard.
Instead of answering, Cas surged forwards to kiss Dean messily, immediately tangling his fingers in the other’s hair. Cas could smell Dean’s soap on him; Dean must've showered before Cas came home. That meant he would be clean and perfectly ready for Cas.
Dean knew he had to leave. It was too risky to stay any longer. The Nazis had begun their “Final Solution,” evacuating all remaining Jews from Germany. SS officers were raiding towns like Cas’ daily, meaning they could be caught any day now.
Cas moved down Dean’s body, placing himself between Dean’s thighs. Looking up at him devilishly, Cas licked a bead of precome off the tip of Dean’s cock. Dean let out an unholy noise at that, his hand immediately tangling itself in Cas’ messy hair. Taking that as permission to continue, Cas licked a stripe along the underside of Dean’s length from the root to the head.
? I’ve got good news!” Alastair chuckled, entering the kitchen where Dean sat. “Well, good news for me. Terribly awful news for faggots like you.”
In a daze, Dean was led into a barrack with the other new prisoners. He found himself sharing a bed pallet with five other men. Dean sank onto the bed (if you could even call it that) and put his face in his hands.
“Oh, come on, don’t be ridiculous,” Cas scoffed at his brother.
After what seemed like an eternity, Dean felt the familiar signs of release building in the older man. His thrusts became irregular and more shallow—much to Dean’s relief—and his breathing laboured. With one final, deep thrust and a tug of Dean’s hair, the man spilled his load down Dean’s throat, forcing the young man to swallow it all. Once the man was finished, he pulled back sharply and released his grip on Dean’s hair as he tucked himself back into his pants and re-fastened his belt. Dean coughed, trying to regain his breath, as he lay motionless on his knees, slumped against the brick.
Entering the chain-link fence that surrounded the camp, Cas’ eyes widened in horror as he saw survivors milling about. Cas almost couldn’t believe what he saw. To put it simply, these people didn’t look human. Translucent skin stretched over prominent ribs, arms, and legs; sunken features staring out of shaven skulls; whatever clothing they wore hung off their bodies like parachutes billowing in the wind. Cas could feel their eyes on him as he walked, head down, through the camp. He needed to find someone to talk to. Cas had assumed that when he came for Dean, they would just find each other, but he was beginning to have some doubts. What if he didn’t recognize Dean?
Cas eyed the boy warily. “Who are you?”
When Cas went to sleep that night, after hours of banter between the two men, he couldn’t remember the last time he had smiled that much. It wasn’t perfect; Dean was still on edge, and he switched from comfortable and joking to apologetic and cautious in an instant, triggered by seemingly nothing at all. It was as if there were two Deans; one carefree, joking young man, and one older, broken soul. As he lay in bed, Cas realized he wasn’t going to leave the green-eyed, freckle-faced man until he figured out what had broken him in the first place. He knew Dean wasn’t leaving anytime soon.
leaned towards Dean’s ear and Dean could feel the man’s sour breath warm on his neck. The fine hairs on the back on Dean’s neck prickled with fear in a way he had not felt since Alastair. “I could have you killed, homo, remember that. One word, and bam,” he clicked his tongue for emphasis, “you’re just a burn mark and a pile of ashes. Or maybe a nice new lampshade for Miss Ilse; I think those freckles would make a pretty pattern. Either way, you should show me some respect.”
And somewhere deep inside Cas, he had known as well; talking with Benny had only confirmed his worst suspicions. As much as he hadn’t been able to come to terms with it, Cas had known that Dean was gone. Call it a bond, call it a random guess, but some part of him had accepted the loss of his lover years before. He had already gone through his period of mourning.
“Dean?” Cas asked gently. It took a few minutes, but Dean’s breathing slowly returned to normal and he looked up, his red-rimmed eyes meeting Cas’. Cas decided to test the theory that had been germinating in the back of his mind for a short while. “Is this really about Lucifer?”
Eventually, the
Cas heard the patter of Dean’s feet on the wood floor, getting louder and louder as Dean got closer to the kitchen. Dean burst into the room, looking wildly around for the source of the aroma. “Pie?”
On the fifth day after Lucifer’s visit, a Sunday, Cas decided that enough was enough. Nothing was going to get better unless he talked to Dean and they worked it out.
Dean sat on his mattress, beating himself up for falling for Cas’ charm. How could he have been so foolish? It was too good to be true, right from the beginning. Dean wasn’t worth anyone’s time. Why would Cas have given two shits about him?
Dean expressed his gratitude towards Cas once again, thanking him shyly for all his generosity, and the two exchanged “goodnights” before Cas returned upstairs to his own bed. This was not how Cas had expected his day to go when he had woken up that morning, but he couldn’t honestly say that he was displeased with how it had turned out.
Jo left under the cover of darkness one night. Cas saw her off, sending her with a bundle of baked goods and best wishes for her security. As the door shut softly behind her, Cas realized with a pang that he had never even learned her last name.
Right. Cas had almost forgotten that he’d signed Jo up to make lots of donuts for people who wanted to kill her and everyone she held dear. He turned to her, chuckling nervously.
Dean hummed in agreement, eyes screwed shut to remain in his utopian dreamworld. Of course, at that moment, Dean heard the clicking of polished boots on stone. The polished boots of a German guard.
Cas drew in a rattling breath, thinking. “Wow. So, uh, when do you want to do it? Like, now, or…”
Cas and Dean must have been fooling around for a full half hour before Cas finally tackled Dean to the bed, falling on top of him. They lay there for a moment, both breathing heavily as their heart rates slowly returned to a normal speed. The tension in the room was palpable, but neither man made a move. It was only when Dean began to protest that Cas was suffocating him that Cas rolled off, returning to their original, pre-pillow fight position nose-to-nose. Cas reached over the side of the bed to pull the sheets back over their bodies, less than a foot of space separating them.
May, 1936. Thursday.
Dean never intended to stay at Alastair’s house. It was 1934, and Dean was still bouncing between shelters, never staying in one place for too long. A barn here, a cellar there; whatever could be arranged by the rebels’ network on short notice. The conditions were often substandard, but Dean didn’t really mind. All he wanted was to get as far away from Berlin as possible.
Nothing had changed between them, and yet everything had changed. Cas knew there was no turning back from this. Dean was there to stay.
, of all places.”
is doing the right thing, weeding out the undesirables. My father was right about you; you always did have a crack in your chassis. People like you should be eliminated. It’s not natural.”
Despite his idealism, Cas wasn’t about to give up his life for people he didn’t even know.
When they were safely inside, Dean crowded Cas against the door, peppering him with kisses. "Thank you, thank you, thank you," he breathed between kisses. "That was the nicest thing you possibly could've done for me."
It wasn't a request, but the tone with which Dean demanded this of Cas was anything but authoritative. Nevertheless, Cas caught this slight display of confidence and smiled, remembering the shaking, broken man who had appeared on his doorstep two years earlier. Two years. It seemed like a lifetime had passed since that fateful night, but at the same time, the whole thing was like a brief flash in Cas’ memory.
Trigger warnings for this chapter:
Cas gasps in mock offense. “Burgers are quality dining!”
“Dean, you’re not a burden. I’ll contact Balthazar tomorrow and tell him thanks, but not to bother. You can stay here until this whole situation blows over, as far as I’m concerned. No need to leave.”
Dean was content to wallow in his own misery and lack of motivation, but Benny had other ideas. Turning to Dean, he began, “After the war, when we get out…”
Dean flinched at the derogatory name but did not say anything. He had never felt more powerless in his life and he had no idea what would become of him within the next few minutes.
The man paled even further, if it was possible. “Cas?
Cas stood to open the folded paper and realized, with a sharp breath, that Dean had written it. Dean must have left that note for Cas when he left, and Cas had been so hysterical in his search that he had missed it while looking for Dean. It had then sat for years, forgotten, waiting for someone to stumble upon it.
“That was a little less than a year ago,” Benny finished.
“You’ve got to be kidding me. Did you see yourself? It was all I could do, not to stare like an idiot. Standing there in a towel, dripping water like some Greek god; it should be illegal to look that good.”
“Do you have any family to go to?” Cas asked Benny that evening, as they sat and ate the dinner that the camp had provided.
1939. Sunday night.
Homophobic slurs.
Cas responded loudly, "Take her around the block, Sir, make sure she's working."
I'd also like to thank my artist,
Ignoring Jo’s confused expression, Cas led the man back into the front of the bakery to place his order. After confirming the order, he thanked Cas and left. Cas sagged against the counter as soon as the door jingled shut. Whew. That was a close one.
Benny inclined his head in a way of a salute. “Of course, Cas. I’m glad I finally got to meet you; Dean spoke the world of you, you know. He really loved you.”
Now that all Dean’s cards were on the table, it was easier for Cas to make accommodations regarding touch and intimacy. Slowly but surely, Cas regained Dean’s trust. The broken man was on the road to recovery. With the new decade came new hope, new trust, new things. Cas still wasn’t going to push Dean into anything he wasn’t comfortable with, but intimacy seemed like it might be on the horizon.
Something must have clicked in Dean’s brain as he recoiled from Cas, horrified. “I am so, so sorry,” Dean began, “I don't know what I was thinking—I wasn't thinking—I'll leave first thing tomorrow morning—”
Jewish Sammy warmed quickly to Dean, imprinting on him like a duckling and its mother. It prompted jeering from the other men in the barrack, (“Fags can have kids now? Watch out, boy, the homo is gonna turn you!”) but neither Dean nor Sammy paid them any attention.
“Is that your car, Cas?” Dean asked, not taking his eyes off it.
Cas smiled, unable to stop himself. “I have a surprise for you,” he grinned.
Dean was practically bouncing on the balls of his feet, he was so eager to get outside and to the car. He nodded enthusiastically as Cas explained his idea of how to get Dean outside.
In a rush of adrenaline, I make a decision. “No. I can do it.”
, for creating the incredible art for this fic! I definitely cried a little when I saw everything she made. Check out the
“Great,” Cas smiled, relieved.
Cas laughed at the sight of Dean, all disheveled, wide-eyed in excitement at the prospect of the sweet pastry. “Yes, Dean, pie.”
“Why are you here, Lucifer?”
Cas was the given. Everything Dean was doing, he was doing for Cas. Dean needed to get home to his angel, tell him how much he loved him. Dean regretted not telling Cas that at every possible moment. Now, in the camps, Dean would whisper it to himself, hoping that somehow, Cas would hear him.
“I’ll pay for your train ticket,” Cas said automatically. It seemed right; even if he couldn’t reunite with his loved one as he planned, maybe Cas could help Benny reunite with his.
The second motivator for Dean’s survival was Sammy. Not his brother, Sammy, though Dean did hope to reunite with him one day. This was Sammy Bruderman; a short, brunette, Bar-Mitzvah-aged boy who arrived at Buchenwald in the spring of 1943. Sammy had first entered Dean and Benny’s barrack looking terrified and out of place, completely alone in the world. One glance at the boy and Dean knew; he was going to protect the kid with everything it took.
I lie on my bed in silence, weighing my options. There’s always Cas. The kid would be more than willing to contribute the last bit of cash. Hell, he’d probably insist on paying me back for half of it. But this isn’t Cas’ problem. I was naive, I made a mistake. I have to deal with the consequences.
the news?” Dean shot back angrily.
Who would be visiting at this time of night?
The aforementioned “angel” cuffed Dean on the shoulder good naturedly. “Just eat your pie,” Cas laughed.
I snort, teasing. “Cas, when are you
A few days later.
It had been one year since Dean had shown up and changed Cas’ life forever, and Cas wanted to celebrate. This was why Cas was running late on his way home from work; he had stayed extra-late to make a pie especially for the occasion. Dean loved pie, a fact Cas had learned early on in their relationship. Cas was excited to see Dean’s reaction when Cas walked in with a freshly made apple pie. He wondered how long it would take the sandy-haired man to smell it and come running.
, finished school, and started my life over. I even met a girl.”
Not two minutes later, Dean came back into view, turning onto the road and then pulling into the driveway. It hadn't been long at all, but Cas felt himself sigh with relief at seeing Dean again.
,” he spat.
The year passed by, albeit slowly, as Dean’s once tight hole grew looser and his pain tolerance higher. It still hurt each time Alastair fucked him, but Dean grew accustomed to it. To Dean, sex was no longer an act of pleasure, of love. It was purely pain; a punishment for being a dirty, slutty
“Go!” Cas whispered, hurrying Dean towards the basement door. Cas stopped Dean before he descended with a kiss to Dean’s cheek. “I love you,” he murmured, his mouth brushing against Dean’s skin.
Cas left for work, placing a kiss on Dean’s head as he went out the door. “Love you, see you later, bye,” Cas called, as was his habit. Just like every morning, Dean parroted the words back. Love you. See you later. Bye. Each were true, in their own ways. Dean was adamant that he would see Cas again. It just might take a while.
“He can’t get you here, baby. Please, you’ll feel better if you talk about it,” Cas pleaded.
Dean screwed his eyes shut and tried to tune out Alastair’s voice, but the message was clear. Nobody did care about Dean, and surely nobody would blink twice if he was suddenly gone. Who would even notice?
? It was like God was out to get him.
Once Cas was convinced that Dean would continue eating, he began to make small talk with the man. After a few stilted exchanges, Dean began to open up a bit more, better resembling the man Cas had first met the week before. It seemed, Cas noted, that all it took to get Dean comfortable was to get him talking. Once engaged in conversation, Dean’s inhibitions seemed less prominent. Cas wondered how to get them to go away entirely, but that was a project for a different day.
"I love you, Dean. I just want to see you happy."
Breaking the kiss regretfully, Cas grabbed Dean by the collar and maneuvered them to the bedroom. It took a while for them to reach the room, what with the two men not managing to keep their hands off each other for more than a few seconds, but they eventually made it. Dean took control as they crossed the threshold, pulling off their shirts and pushing Cas so that he fell onto his back on the bed as Dean stood above him. They were really doing this.
Dean met him with a small, sad smile. “Yeah, we will. We always do.”
Cas held up his lantern to see in the dark of the basement. There, on his mattress, leaning against the wall, sat Dean, shadows bouncing around the walls behind him. The lighting made the green-eyed man look menacing as he sat there, cross legged, trembling with equal parts fear and rage.
Dean was sitting on the mattress looking utterly distraught. His eyes were red-rimmed, his nose puffy, and Cas’ first impression was that he looked like a kicked puppy. The fear reflected in his wide, green eyes was too much for Cas to handle as he took a seat next to Dean on the mattress. Even broken like this, Cas couldn’t help noticing that he still looked so beautiful. Still his Dean Winchester.
“What was that? Sorry, didn’t catch it.”
After laying there for a few minutes, Dean forced himself to get up. He took a damp rag and went to the bathroom mirror, twisting around as best he could to clean himself up. The cloth stung as well but Dean hardly felt the pain. Once he had cleaned the majority of the dried semen, Dean was able to clearly see the word that Alastair had so carefully etched into his skin.
Most of the pie-making process passed without incident, other than Dean's inability to leave the pie filling on the counter without eating it. He thought he was being sneaky, but Cas caught every spoonful.
“Get out of here,” Lucifer told Cas, and Cas could hear the ice dripping from his voice. “As long as you stay away, I won’t say anything to Himmler, do you understand me? I don’t ever want to see you again.” With that, Lucifer turned on his heel and went back into his house, slamming the front door behind him. Cas picked himself up, dusted off his trenchcoat, and walked away without a second glance, tear tracks still visible on his cheeks. That visit had been a mistake. Cas didn’t feel any better after confronting Lucifer; if anything, the altercation had left him feeling even worse than before.
Just Dean’s luck.
“I know,” Cas smiled, misty-eyed. “I loved him, too. I still do. I wish I had gotten the chance to say it more often.”
Cas looked Dean over, considering it. Dean seemed to be, beneath the layer of grime, a handsome and respectable young man. He had dirty blond hair, freckles, full lips, those bright green eyes, and Cas could tell that despite being underweight at the moment, Dean had a strong, muscular form.
They lay down next to each other, each taking the other’s cock in hand and stroking rapidly. Cas was already close, despite not being touched; sucking Dean off made him more aroused than he could ever remember being before. He didn’t know how much longer he would last like this. He and Dean fell into a rhythm, quickly bringing each other over the edge. It only took a few more strokes before Dean was coming, coating their stomachs and the bed with his release.
Sammy obliged, taking another bite of the piece of bread that Dean had given him. Benny ruffled the kid’s buzzed hair, chuckling. It was moments like this that it seemed like maybe, just maybe, they would all be okay.
More scared than he ever remembered being before in his life, Dean obeyed and put his head back down on the table. What was Alastair doing to him?
“Whatever you say, dude,” I laugh.
No. What was he thinking? Castiel Novak didn't hide the hunted; it was his one rule! Cas opened his mouth to turn Dean down, to politely tell him that no, he couldn’t stay there, but it seemed that Cas’ mouth had a mind of its own.
, please.”
Along with avoiding home, Cas avoided all the people who had known about Dean, which was pretty much just Balthazar. At first, it wasn't anything specific to Balthazar. In the early days after Dean left, Cas had withdrawn from everyone. He couldn't bring himself to maintain other relationships or be close to people. Balthazar called a few times, but Cas let it ring out each time. Eventually, Balthazar stopped calling.
Dean looked at Cas, surprise etched in every line of his face. He nodded again.
Cas had spent the last few days in bed, unable to bring himself to do anything productive, let alone go to work. If he hadn’t stayed late that day, if he had stayed with Dean, maybe Dean would still be there, safe at home. It was all Cas’ fault. Without Dean, Cas was left completely empty.
“Thank you again, Cas. It was great to finally meet Dean’s angel.” Sammy and Cas exchanged farewells and then Sammy was gone. Cas went back to his newspaper, but he couldn’t focus on the words. Sammy’s visit had stirred up feelings that had been lying dormant for years.
Cas felt lightheaded. This was too good to be true. “Lucifer, I—”
Cas turned, eyebrows raised, his focus still on the lattice. Before he could react, Dean reached out to bop him on the nose with a flour-coated finger. Dean began to laugh loudly at the startled expression on Cas’ face, so he wasn't paying attention as Cas calmly took a handful of flour and spread it around the palm of his hand.
Cas looks disappointed. “I get it. Tomorrow, then?”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas said, smiling.
Dean squirmed, not expecting the praise. “I sold my body in exchange for a place to stay. I made those decisions. Alastair gave me a choice, and I let him use my body. He was right, I am a dirty slut.”
I’m about three meters away from him when a familiar voice stops me in my tracks. “Dean?”
As Cas entered the bakery, bells jingling as a way of a welcome, he made his way into the back room of the shop, swapping his hat and coat for an apron and hairnet. Cas checked his pocket watch; it was eight-thirty in the morning, which gave him half an hour to begin baking before the bakery officially opened at nine. He poured some flour on his workspace and rolled up his sleeves. Time to begin.
At his words, the woman bounced on the balls of her feet excitedly, making her look even younger than she was. “My name’s Joanna Beth, but everyone calls me Jo,” she said.
We nurse our coffees in silence, both still waking up. Only after both our mugs are empty does Cas speak, making casual conversation.
The most Benny could do was keep Sammy away from Dean’s corpse until the guards cleared it away. The young boy had seen enough trauma in his short life, Benny decided. After that, it was just Benny and Sammy. Benny kept his word to Dean and took care of the kid until the camp was liberated. It was the least he could do for the man.
“Cas-Castiel Novak?” The man’s voice was hoarse, sounding as though he hadn't spoken in days.
Cas’ libido was up, causing him to experience things that he thought he had left behind when he finished puberty. Random boners in public were one of those things. Just thinking about Dean made Cas horny, and thinking about what they were going to do turned him on to the point where he would see stars. Ignoring his erections was not easy, but Cas wanted to save himself.
for being there for me at every moment over the past seven months, from the day I had the idea for the story until today. I couldn't've done it without you, bro.
What had he just gotten himself into?
The plan was in place, ready to be executed whenever Dean was ready. There was just one problem: Cas didn't know about it yet. Dean knew Cas would never agree to Dean leaving, putting himself in danger like that, but Dean knew what he had to do. It was much easier to leave a note explaining everything to Cas, so that he could understand without trying to stop Dean from going. Cas had done so much for Dean over the past few years, more than Dean could ever repay him for, but it was time to try. It was Dean’s turn to protect his guardian angel.
Reveling in the feeling of Cas’ warm touch, Dean reached into Cas’ shorts and began to stroke in tandem with the hand on his own cock. He swiped his thumb across Cas’ slit, spreading the precome around and eliciting a moan from the man.
Cas moved to prop himself up on his side. “Yes, Dean, what's up?”
“I knew he would find me, I knew it. He’s going to find me, he’s going to be so angry.” The freckle faced man seemed to have forgotten that Cas was there at all, hyperventilating as he sat, tears running down his face, on the mattress. Cas didn’t know who “he” was, but there was clearly some detail that Dean was leaving out.
With that, Dean began unfastening the buttons of Cas’ slacks and removing them, taking the time to remove his own as well. Unable to wait any longer, he rutted against Cas, the thin cloth of their boxers barely doing anything to conceal their want.
“So you remember the little deal we made when you signed the lease?”
“You’re probably wondering what I’m doing here. Hell, I’m wondering what I’m doing here, to be honest. But I recently got in touch with Benny and he gave me your address, so I came here.” Sammy took a breath, then continued, “Thank you.”
Cas came back to his senses what felt like a few minutes later, still sitting against the counter. He felt a bit better; perhaps that cry was just what he needed. Cas took a deep breath to pull himself together, burying any lingering feelings deep down. He stood, ready to return to work. Dean was the past, and Dean wasn’t apple pies. Apple pies do not have striking green eyes and freckles, sandy-blond hair against perfectly tanned skin . . .
Cas decided to go with his gut—or, at least, lower-body—instinct. “I want this, Dean. Do you?”
On Dean’s lower back, just above the swell of his ass, lay the remnants of his time with Alastair. Clear as day, Cas could see the inked letters spelling out that awful word,
not on their lists.” Dean turned away from Cas. Cas tried to reach for Dean’s hand, but Dean pulled his arms in, folding them over his chest.
Cas tried to approach Dean, an arm outstretched to grasp Dean’s shoulder, but Dean shied away from his touch, practically trembling with fear. Cas was forcibly reminded of the first few days after Dean arrived, when Dean had expected to be punished at any given moment.
Dean had his eyes closed, trying to keep perfectly still, when he heard a loud thud and a stream of muttered curses. The mysterious army man had accidentally missed the dumpster, sending a pile of rubbish to the ground right in front of Dean. Eyes wide, Dean braced himself as the man rounded the corner of the bin.
June 1936.
Dean didn’t look convinced, but he took the plate that Cas was offering him anyway. Cas bade Dean goodnight and retreated upstairs to eat his own supper.
When the Nazis raided Sammy’s town, the whole family had been put on a train to Auschwitz. His Safta and two youngest sisters, aged two and five, had not survived the trip. When the train arrived at the Birkenau absorption center, guards had separated Sammy from his Saba and remaining brother and sister, placing them in different lines. Sammy hadn’t understood at the time as he stood with the other men, watching his grandfather walk down the tracks towards the red brick buildings with his siblings in tow. How would he have known that he would never see his family again? How did you explain to a barely-teenaged child that his siblings had been gassed and burned, never to play with him again?
Cas lay down next to Dean, wrapping his body around him in the “big spoon” position. If he was awake, Cas was sure Dean would object vehemently to being cuddled in this way, but Cas knew better. Deep down, Dean enjoyed being taken care of, and Cas was always happy to take care of his little spoon.
The boy quickly became more solemn, looking Cas in the eye as he spoke. “I’m Sammy,” he said. “Sammy Bruderman.”
Cas popped up from behind the bed, looking like a disgruntled, messy-haired kitten tangled up in the bed sheets. Dean was still howling with mirth at Cas’ expression as he fell, so he wasn’t watching when Cas grabbed a pillow and whacked Dean as hard as he could in retaliation. Dean stopped laughing abruptly, staring at Cas for a few seconds in shock. Cas matched his gaze, trying to look as intimidating as possible while standing in his bed clothes with an awful bed head, holding a pillow in a fighting stance. Dean grabbed his pillow and jumped to his knees on the bed. “Oh, it’s on,” Dean declared.
Before Dean could protest, the man grabbed Dean’s chin, tilting his head up to examine his mouth. The man’s fingers were rough and calloused, his grip firm as he held Dean’s face before releasing him abruptly, letting Dean fall to the ground at his feet.
Cas snuggled up next to Dean so that their noses were almost, but not quite, touching. “Hi,” Cas grinned.
Cas resolved to ask Dean about himself over dinner and find out if he was, in fact, Jewish. It would make mealtime easier, at least.
Balthazar opened the door after Dean knocked the second time, his eyes narrowing in confusion as he took in Dean’s bedraggled appearance. “Dean?”
“Lucifer, I don’t mean to be rude, but what are you doing here?”
Cas continued to read, his eyes welling up with tears as he finally understood the reasoning behind Dean’s leaving.
Dean shook his head once, side to side.
Dean rarely used his basement mattress anymore. Why would he? Dean and Cas spent pretty much every night together in Cas’ bed, and they felt safe enough in the house to have Dean upstairs during the day. The basement was dark, cold, and uncomfortable compared to the rest of the house. Cas had also become rather accustomed to sharing his bed and living space with another person, and it wouldn’t feel right if that stopped.
Cas was surprised to see Dean upstairs during daylight hours, as that was not something they normally did. Dean would occasionally come up during the night, sure, but not the day. It was too dangerous, they had decided. Anyone could happen upon the house and find Dean there, and then where would they be? Cas didn’t want Dean to feel like a prisoner in the basement, but he also didn’t want them to be found out.
. Cocksucker. This wasn’t just a casual nickname, either. Dean may have been a slave in terms of the household chores he performed, but he was primarily a slave in regard to the acts he performed for Alastair’s pleasure. Dean was, essentially, Alastair’s sex slave.
Cas blushed at the praise and changed the topic. “Of course, we’ll have to be extremely careful. I got some supplies, so today you are my mechanic, tuning up the new automobile that I purchased. Okay?”
They usually were more careful about Dean being upstairs. He was still a wanted man, after all. Therefore, it was out of the ordinary when one January evening found both Dean and Cas in Cas’ bed upstairs. It was bitterly cold outside, as January in Germany tended to be, and the basement had little in the way of insulation. It felt cruel to make Dean sleep down there while Cas got to sleep in the warm confines of his bedroom, despite Dean’s protests that it really was fine, that he was used to the chill. He’d stayed in much worse conditions, he insisted. Nevertheless, Cas was adamant.
“I know, I’m sorry,” apologized Dean, wringing his hands and looking down at the tile floor. “I wanted to surprise you and make dinner, but you came home before I could finish.”
“Goodnight, Cas,” Dean yawned, rolling over so that they were spooning, Cas’ arm draped over Dean’s side protectively. Nobody would take Cas’ Dean away from him.
“Wow, thank you,” Dean replied quietly, taking the small pile. He retreated into the bathroom again and shut the door.
Castiel Novak prided himself on his manners, but he didn’t feel a need to form relationships with people, platonically or otherwise. He had lived on his own for all of his adult life, yet there wasn’t any gaping hole inside of him that craved a companion. Cas didn’t mind being alone; in fact, he sometimes preferred it. Anyway, he interacted with people all day, every day at the bakery. He did occasionally mourn his lack of a sex life, but the Nazi regime made it kind of hard to get any sort of action beyond his right hand. Yes, it was best that he was alone.
“Well, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Dean Winchester. I hope we’ll become fast friends. If we’re going to survive this purgatory, we might as well do it together.”
“I was actually also talking to Balthazar this week,” Dean began, “and he mentioned that there is a safe house a few miles away that I can go to if I choose—”
“You’re not imposing on me, Dean,” Cas reassured him. “I really, truly like having you around.”
That statement worried Cas a bit. Was he building up a reputation? The last thing Cas wanted was a bunch of Nazis in his bakery, asking uncomfortable questions. Cas looked back at the woman standing before him, torn. Once again, Cas had to choose between his safety and his morality.
“I love you, Dean,” Cas whispered, the exhaustion setting in quickly.
Trigger warnings for this chapter:
Dean flinched at the words, not yet accustomed to the cruel speech that he still associated with Alastair. Dean and Benny kept their heads down, avoiding looking the guard in the eyes. Dean found himself staring at the guard’s shiny, polished, black boots. The stark contrast between the high-quality boots of the guard and the ill-fitting, wooden shoes given to the prisoners seemed fitting, Dean thought. His mind brought him back to the other person he knew who had those boots—Alastair. So much of this place reminded Dean of his time with the sadistic Nazi. The terrible part was, Dean couldn’t decide which experience had been worse.
Dean had no say in these situations, any and all power was taken away from him. He never dared utter a word of complaint, knowing that Alastair would turn him over to the authorities without the slightest hesitation if prompted. Dean never once spoke in his defense: not when Alastair split him open without preparation or lubricant, not when Dean was left on the table to deal with his own neglected erection, not even when Alastair continued to fuck, hard, into Dean’s overstimulated hole after Dean came, a result of Alastair hitting Dean’s prostate dozens of times in a row rather than any genuine arousal on Dean’s part.
As Cas walked to work that day, he realized that they had not washed Dean’s dirty clothing. He decided to do it that night after dinner, but until then, Dean could wear Cas’ pajamas. If he was being completely honest, Cas enjoyed the sight of Dean in his clothing, clean and comfortable. Maybe he wouldn’t rush the wash.
It was a funny thing, really. One might think that, while being unfairly persecuted and judged themselves, people would overcome their own prejudices towards others. As time would tell, that was not the case. Wearing his pink triangle proudly, Dean found himself at the bottom of the metaphorical pecking order among the prisoners, with only Benny by his side.
September 1943.
Cas laughed. “Never. Gabriel, always the mature one, called it my ‘sex hair’ when we were teenagers.”
Dean spoke haltingly, his voice quavering. “He told me not to tell. He said he’d hurt me if I told.”
“What? Dean, you’re not making any sense.”
As much as Dean didn’t want to form attachments in a place where life had no meaning, being around Benny gave him the smallest fragments of hope. It was the small things, like Benny’s constant declarations of “after the war…” that made Dean feel like there might be something after the camps. Maybe he would make it home; home to his family, home to Cas. Each morning, Dean woke up with these feelings of hope, and each day, they were totally crushed by the everyday life that was Buchenwald Concentration Camp.
Early September 1939.
Trigger warning for this chapter:
He was out.
Taking a deep breath, Cas put on a fake smile and addressed the woman. “Happy to help. From now on, you’re an employee here. What’s your name?”
While Alastair was out, Dean was locked in his room, empty spare for a cot, bedpan, and water bowl. Although this was a miserable and rather lonely existence, Dean could have handled it. It was when Alastair was home that Dean wished he could take his own life to save himself the suffering.
“What can I get for you today?” Cas asked the customer, a polite smile on his face. It didn’t reach his eyes.
“Cas? Are you awake?”
towering over him. “Is this food not good enough for you?” Dean stood quickly, opening his mouth to defend himself. The
Cas cut him off with another kiss. “You’re not going anywhere,” he growled. “If you ever leave me, there will be hell to pay.”
My heart is pounding in my ears. “So you’re kicking us out?”
Cas hummed appreciatively, wishing he had something more interesting to say. Sammy didn’t seem to do well with silence, so he kept talking to fill the quiet.
When he deemed it as safe as it would get, Dean made his way into the front hallway of the house and peered through the peephole in the door. Nobody seemed to be outside. Cautiously, Dean opened the door and stepped over the threshold, closing and locking the door behind him.
Dean’s shoulders loosened, and he turned back towards Cas apologetically. “No, Cas, of course not. You know I didn’t mean it like that—”
“Soon. Yeah, okay, soon works. Soon is great,” Cas confirmed, still not believing that they were really discussing this.
Unbeknownst to the three men, a
. Wait until I’m done with you.”
Finally, a shadowy figure turns tentatively into the narrow walkway, looking around. He’s clearly a guy, though I can’t make out any features from this distance. I walk blindly towards the man, wanting to get this over with as quickly as possible.
Cas came home early to a delicious aroma wafting through his house. He followed the scent to the kitchen, where he found Dean bent over the oven, apparently removing some dish from inside. Dean seemed to be humming to himself as he worked and hadn’t noticed that Cas was home, so Cas simply stood there, watching Dean work.
“How could you?! I trusted you!” Cas screamed at his cousin, slapping him across the face. Lucifer recoiled, his hand finding his cheek as Cas continued to yell. “You dirty, disgusting joke of a man! I’m your family! You promised you would keep him safe!”
Message received, Cas took a few steps back from Dean, arms raised in surrender to show that he would not touch Dean without Dean’s consent. Cas took a seat on the box, still staring intently at Dean, but Dean wouldn't look at him. The haunted look in Dean’s eyes as he stared into space scared Cas. It was like something had snapped inside Dean’s mind. Cas didn't want to push to find out what it was, but he wanted his Dean back. Selfishly, Cas wanted someone to cuddle with again.
The woman pursed her lips, looking around the back room. She gave off an air of confidence, the kind that idealistic young people have before they get crushed by the realities of life. Cas remembered when he was that way. “Well, no,” she admitted. “If you couldn’t tell, I’m kinda on the run here? I figured a job at a German-owned bakery would be nice, and the word on the street is that your place is the most Jew-friendly shop in town.”
Cas was too angry to think rationally. He lunged at Lucifer, trying to cause the other man as much pain as possible. Lucifer reacted automatically with years of military training, striking Cas across the face. Cas fell to the ground, all sense of dignity lost.
to defeat me!” Sammy giggled as Dean imitated the kapo’s walk dramatically for Sammy’s benefit. “Now come on, Sammy, eat your dinner before any more hungry wolves try to come for it.”
“It’s attractive,” Dean informed him matter-of-factly.
“What are you two fags up to back here? Needed a convenient place to make out?” The guard laughed derisively, pushing past Dean to cause him to drop the stone block, which broke in two. Dean looked in fear at the guard, a young man with blond, straw-like hair and cruel features. “Go on then, pick it up, you worthless piece of garbage.”
“Uh huh,” Dean concurred, smiling.
“What the hell was that about, man?”
I’m no angel, but do I really deserve this?
Finally, Dean spoke, his expression wary.
As he suddenly noticed Cas standing in front of him, Dean jerked his head up from the book. His eyes widened in fear when he saw Cas looking at the book in Dean’s hands.
Cas didn't know what to say to that. Was he really that predictable?
Benny scoffed. “Nah, I don’t care about that. We’re in this together, you and me, till the very end.”
Cas rolled his eyes again; Lucifer was very proud of his military status. Lucifer continued, “I was able to pull a few strings to keep you out of the army, but you have to be careful. They’re suspicious already, and you wouldn’t want them to come asking more questions. Just don’t do anything stupid. Okay, Castiel?”
The food was delicious, and it tasted even better knowing that they had made it together. Dean moaned around his first mouthful, the noise sounding entirely too hot for dinnertime. Cas’ dick perked up at the sound, seeming to agree. Cas glared at his lap, willing the rapidly forming erection away. Dean wasn’t ready for that, Cas knew, and he was going to respect Dean’s space. No matter what delicious noises Dean made at dinner time.
Dean slowly got up, not breaking eye contact with Cas as he backed away from the table. Dean then ripped his eyes away and headed into the bathroom, closing the door carefully behind him. Cas didn’t move, didn’t even breathe until he heard the water running, and only then did he exhale, rubbing the back of his neck in distress. What would he do with this man? Cas was already breaking his one rule, letting Dean in his house. Allowing him to stay, even just for the night? Feeding him? Cas had to get back in control. He wasn’t about to sacrifice himself to save a man he only just met.
The Nazi finished the dozen and stood up, coming back over to Cas. “These are very good,” he informed Cas. “My compliments to the chef.”
Dean stopped, seeming to consider it. He sighed resignedly, looking back down at his lap as if he were ashamed. “Alright,” he finally conceded, and Cas took a seat on a box facing him.
“What?” Cas inquired.
Cas did a double take, caught off guard. That was not what he was expecting from this young refugee. “Uh, yeah, sure. Do you have any qualifications?”
Cas still wondered if he would ever see Dean again, though he tried not to think about it too often. It had been a rough few years, and Lucifer had been no help. He had been serious when he told Cas to never contact him again. Though he used to stop by once every few years to catch up, Cas had not heard from Lucifer since their altercation almost four years earlier.
On his way home, Cas decided to make a stop at the dealership. It couldn’t hurt to look, after all. Walking into the lot, one car in particular caught Cas’ eye: an old BMW, slightly worn but just waiting to be fixed up and driven off into the sunset. Or, to Cas’ driveway. Whichever worked.
The small resistance group that Cas had been a part of had long since disbanded, having split shortly after the “Night of the Long Knives” in July of 1934. Cas had become mostly disconnected from the resistance after that, only staying in touch with a few other former members. He would occasionally help relay a message or two, but nothing life-threatening. Cas felt that, if nothing else, it was his duty to stay informed about what was really happening in his country and around the world.
“It’s nice to meet you, Sammy. Benny told me many good things. Didn’t you move to Israel after the war?” Cas was trying to find a way to politely ask Sammy what he was doing back in Germany, five years later, showing up on Cas’ doorstep though they had never met before. Cas wasn’t aware that Sammy knew who he was, and yet, here they were.
“This has always been your problem, Castiel. You let your feelings get involved in your beliefs. It makes you a target. You know how Mom was, growing up.
Dean couldn’t believe he’d ended up here. He knew he should have probably been scared, or at least nervous, but all he could feel was disbelief. All that, and he was being taken to
“Wait,” Lucifer held up a hand. “I don’t want to hear anything about this person. I don’t want to know about it. We will pretend this conversation didn’t happen. I won’t ask, and you won’t tell. Understood?”
Dean and Cas cheered. They weren’t rooting for any one country in particular; they were simply enjoying the spirit of the games, cheering for all the teams from the comfort of their safe, cozy alcove in the basement.
January 1937.
Cas held up a hand to silence the other man. “Benny. Let me do this.”
“I know what you are, homo. Lips look like they’re made for sucking cock. Disgusting
“Dean, Alastair raped you. He
Dean.
Sammy Bruderman… Why did that name sound so familiar? The wheels turning in Cas’ brain must have been evident on his face, because the boy added, “Benny sent me.”
The news came one hot summer’s day. The bakery had been full of rumours, of course, but nothing was confirmed until the news came through the network that night. The Nazis had established a third concentration camp right outside the city of Weimar. Weimar was less than fifty kilometers south of Dean and Cas, making this news even more real for them. This camp was called
The next year was the worst in Dean’s life. Dean had stayed in some rather unpleasant accommodations, living among rats and barn animals, but the Nazi officer’s house took the cake. It wasn’t that his home was dirty or inherently unpleasant, in fact it was actually one of the fancier places Dean had stayed. No, the cause of Dean’s trouble was the officer himself. The man, whose name was revealed to be Alastair, used Dean as a sort of a slave in return for not turning him over to the other officers.
For now, Cas was incredibly thankful to who or whatever was watching over him that allowed him to be safely in bed with another man; a man who he seemed to fall more in love with every day. With all the horror stories that seemed to come every time he turned on the radio, Cas knew how lucky he was to be safe at home with Dean Winchester in his bed, not even hiding in the basement. Cas could only hope that fate allowed him to stay this lucky for a while longer. Cas pressed a kiss to Dean’s forehead before turning the bedside lamp off. “Goodnight, Dean.”
June 1938.
Dean tinkered with the car, posing as a mechanic, as Cas sat on the front stoop watching his progress. To an outsider, it would look as though Cas was simply making sure the worker didn't mess up. Only a practiced observer would recognize the soft, loving look that Cas gave Dean and the overjoyed grins that he fired back at Cas every once in a while. Cas didn't think he'd seen such a big smile on the man's face the entire time he'd been with Cas.
March 29, 1936.
Cas spoke. “Do you, uh, want to talk about it?”
Benny made a noise of affirmation around his large mouthful of food. Benny ate like every meal might be his last, which, Cas supposed, made sense after the horrors that he had gone through. Benny, like all the others that Cas had seen in the camp throughout the day, was still sickly thin but seemed to be slowly returning to his normal weight. Benny swallowed and answered, “Yeah, they’re all back in the USSR, but I can’t get to them. They don’t know I’m alive and I don’t have the money to go back there.”
An idea hit Cas one day as he was walking by the auto dealership to run some errands in town. Dean had a penchant for automobiles, Cas knew that, and he also knew that Dean had never gotten one of his own. What if Cas could change that?
Dean saw white at the edges of his vision. He felt light-headed and dropped to the toilet, retching over the bowl. He was disgusting. He was a
kicked his shin, seeing the pink triangle on Dean’s armband for the first time. “No! Don’t speak to me! I have nothing to discuss with the likes of you, homo!”
Cas followed the man to a nearby bench and sat across from him, still not sure what to say. How do you interact with someone who went through such hell while you sat, comfortably, at home? Cas was suddenly filled with guilt. This man must hate him; they all must hate him.
want this.” Dean emphasized each “really” with a roll of his hips, each harder than the last.
“I didn’t see you come in last night. Fun night out?”
I’m such an idiot. Of course there had been a fine print and of course I’d ignored it in my haste to find a place to live. “What does it say?”
The guard spoke again. “Get moving, pigs, I don’t want to see you back here again!”
Pulling the garage-like door of my apartment up enough to duck inside, the single exposed light bulb buzzes in greeting from its spot on the ceiling. Exhausted, I nearly collapse on the person already sitting on my couch.
“Boop,” Cas said evenly, pressing his hand firmly on Dean’s left shoulder to create a handprint.
“Yeah, ‘bout a month or so, I’d say,” Dean joked.
Looking around his empty room, Dean wondered how he would pull off the initial escape. He didn’t have anything to take with him, so he could leave at any time. Lying down on the bed, Dean hissed as he agitated the wounds on his back. He rolled to his side, forming his plan for a short while longer, until the exhaustion of the day overtook him and he drifted into a fitful sleep.
“I feel like this was a long time coming.”
The come hit right on the part of his back on which Alastair had been working. It stung the wounded area so badly that Dean couldn’t help himself; he screamed in pain as the hot fluid made contact with his skin.
The man fixed him with a devilish smile, looking fully sated amidst Dean’s immense discomfort. “I like your mouth,
?” he whispered. “Castiel, you must know that this is—”
Dean didn’t respond, but Cas could feel him relaxing into Cas’ touch. Cas turned on the shower, hot steam beginning to fill the bathroom. They got in, neither knowing quite what to do next. Dean smiled at Cas shyly. “Can I wash your hair?”
Arriving home on the second evening since they had had their little talk, Cas and Dean ate dinner as usual, chatting politely. Cas tried not to let his sexual frustration show too much; he didn't want to rush Dean at all. Luckily, Dean seemed to have had just as frustrating of a time, crowding Cas against the sink when the blue-eyed man rose to clear the table.
Dean shifted uncomfortably on the mattress, his timidness clearly returning. “Well, if you were serious earlier, then I’d like to keep hiding here. If not, of course, I can tell Balthazar and be out by next week—”
It was just after the first concentration camp, Dachau, was established in 1933 that Cas had enlisted in the group. Around that same time, the Nazis had started arresting homosexual men and the Gestapo had compiled lists of “confirmed homosexuals” in Germany. Two years later, the expansion to Paragraph 175 had criminalized thousands more homosexual men for “crimes” like sending another man a love letter or “exciting desire” in another man, and more men were imprisoned every day.
This whole situation is exhausting, but what choice do I have? Just a few more days and it’ll be back to normal. I’m doing this for us. Cas never has to know.
It was a simple request, one that Cas got rather often, in fact, but Cas suddenly felt dizzy. Hands shaking, he managed to let out a croaked “coming right up” before rushing into the kitchen.
When Cas came home from work late that night, he was already in a bad mood. All he wanted was some dinner, maybe a hot shower, and some time with Dean. God, what would he do without Dean? Cas assembled the fixings of a small dinner, tinkering around the kitchen for a few minutes. Dean wasn’t anywhere to be found on the main floor, but Cas didn’t think anything of it. He was probably asleep, having known that Cas was coming home late. Cas would find him once the meal was ready.
What if he left? The idea didn’t seem so crazy anymore. Even if Alastair caught him, what’s the worst he could do? Kill Dean? Dean no longer cared if he lived or died; he just needed to get out of Alastair’s control.
“Do you want to tell me what it’s about? I can help you, Dean.”
“That depends. Can you get me four thousand dollars by next Friday night?”
“This would be even better if we didn’t have,” he paused, tugging at the cloth of their underwear, “these in the way.”
Cas began to read the letter.
Cas lay back on the bed, letting Dean set the pace as they continued. Cas didn’t want to move too quickly and scare Dean off. Dean seemed fine at the moment, but Cas had seen him get triggered with barely any visible provocation. Cas just wanted to make sure Dean was absolutely comfortable with advancing this aspect of their relationship.
Cas strode over to the front window in the kitchen, peering out of a crack in the blinds. “Come see for yourself.”
“You’re my little
Dean squeezed Cas’ hand and went down the stairs. Cas closed the door in his wake, turning back to answer the door.
for a Nazi event next week...”
“Hey, Cas,” I plaster a smile onto my face. Cas is an angel; he doesn’t need to get caught up in my troubles.
Dean ignored the man’s insults, clamping his mouth shut. He began to turn his back on the
“Yeah?” I moved in less than a year ago. Cas joined me a couple of weeks later and we started dating only a little while after that. What’s Crowley playing at?
Lucifer bristled; if there was one thing the Nazi hated more than anything, it was being yelled at. Though he didn’t quite understand what Castiel was talking about, he wasn’t going to stand for being spoken to that way.
Cas put the warm jelly donuts into a small paper bag and handed it to the customer with a smile. “That’ll be three
Cas cocked an eyebrow at that, considering teasing Dean for longer, but decided to oblige. He placed his full lips around Dean’s head, looking disgustingly innocent for someone with a cock in their mouth. Cas didn’t move, just sat there with Dean’s cock warming in his mouth, staring through his eyelashes at the man above him. The sight was overwhelming.
beautiful.”
“I’ve been thinking, and, uh, I think I might be ready to, you know, do it.”
At this, the skeletal man looked up at Cas, his haunted eyes wide as if he had seen a ghost. “Who did you say you were?” he asked in a thick Russian accent.
There was no rage in his voice. Lucifer didn’t even raise his voice, but it was somehow worse that way. The cold fury in his words would have made even the bravest person tremble in their boots.
It had been over a month since Dean had shown up on Cas’ doorstep, and Cas couldn’t remember what life had been like without him. They had fallen into a routine: each day, Cas would bring breakfast and a mug of coffee down to the basement, then leave for work. Dean would spend the day reading his latest selection from Cas’ collection. When Cas returned home in the evening, he would prepare a dinner that the men would eat together, sitting on boxes in the basement and conversing amicably. Dean was getting more comfortable every day, his bursts of self-doubt becoming less and less frequent as time passed.
Dean tried to move as fast as he could away from Alastair’s house. He knew of a man who lived not far from Leipzig, Balthazar, who Dean knew was part of the resistance and could perhaps help Dean find a place to stay. Days passed with Dean doing little other than walking and sleeping only when his body felt it was going to collapse at any moment. The small amount of provisions that Dean had brought with him had run out, despite Dean’s careful rationing.
Shaking with nerves, Dean began to write the note. He explained the plan, where he was going, and when he would be back. Signing off, Dean folded the note once and ventured into the basement one last time to place the note on his mattress. It was out-of-sight enough that a snooping Nazi would miss it, but visible enough that a (inevitably) grieving Cas would notice it.
“I—well—you see—” Cas stammered, rubbing the back of his neck. Lucifer just sat there, his arms folded. Cas sighed, his shoulders slumping in defeat. He just had to have faith that Lucifer put his family before his party allegiance. “Okay, I’ll tell you the truth, but you can’t tell anyone.”
