It was old, John realized when he got a better look, but well cared for in that the wood had been polished regularly enough to keep it from drying out and splintering. The initials SH had been carved in the lid and limned in gold leaf detail that was fading. A layer of dust lay over the whole of it, so now John was certain it hadn’t been handled recently.
“You should find out who he is,” Sherlock told Lestrade. “If there’s no note, maybe he has a blog we can look at.”
“She accused me of murder!” John reminded her. “Anyway, why don’t you go slap it out of him? Isn’t that what you usually do?”
“I think this is my cue to leave,” said Irene. “Noah’s ark and all.” But before departing, she stopped to give Sherlock a swift peck on the cheek. “I’ll be back to check on you soon,” she said meaningfully.
Could John have been more upset than Sherlock had estimated? Upset enough to leave without warning? Even with the promise of finally getting to fix up Sherlock’s injuries dangling as a carrot in front of his nose? John would have to be well and truly incensed for him to go that far Sherlock surmised. He recalled Lestrade trying to warn him of such a possibility not so long ago in fact. Sherlock wondered whether he had finally pushed John to his limits, and if so what might work to pull him back again.
“I don’t have any . . .” But his avoidance of his cell phone was clearly only making Lestrade curious. “Maybe I should just check . . .” John scooped up the phone and glanced at the messages, trying to keep his face passive. He might have been successful with Lestrade, but Sherlock emerged from his shower freshly dressed and immediately asked, “What’s wrong now?” And without waiting for an answer, he swiped John’s phone from his hand and scrolled through the messages, typed a quick response, and handed the phone back. “There. That should take care of it.”
John’s eyes tracked over the form of his companion as if contemplating a plan of attack. “What else?”
John was having trouble thinking clearly; he could feel Sherlock watching him from across the table. “Oh, um . . . They’re upstairs . . .”
“Sherlock,” Lestrade breathed in relief and without preface. “We’re dealing with a nasty one. String of drug overdoses.”
He looked at where Henry lay on his side, his back toward John, cap hanging partly off the straw-colored hair. From this angle, it was impossible to even see the wound, but John already had the sinking feeling it would do no good in any case; Henry wasn’t moving.
“No, he didn’t. I was simply idiot enough to follow him there. He went home to get away from me—his words. Think about that for a minute. He was willing to endure everything he hates about being home in order to escape me; what does that tell you?”
Irene’s brilliant green eyes flew across the bed to John’s sister. “Oh! No, just a friend. Irene,” she said, holding out her hand.  “Flew in last night from New York when it sounded  like . . . Well, but he’s better, so that’s all that matters.”
John went upstairs to change his clothes and pack his things, only to meet Mrs. Grossman as she was stepping out of his room after tidying it. “I have to go back to London for a bit,” he told her. He wanted to assure her he’d be back, but he also didn’t want to lie, so he left it at that.
“Anything bigger than this would give her agoraphobia if her flat in New York is anything to go on,” replied Sherlock.
But Sherlock only began to speak more rapidly. “Their daughter has suffered a serious sports injury. Neck, I would say. And—”
“Hadn’t really got that far,” said Sherlock as he pulled off his coat. John saw that he still wore the ruined shirt and groaned. “Burn that, would you?” he pleaded.
He was still ready before Sherlock, who exited his room looking all too natty for a late-night break in of a crime scene. “Ah, good,” Sherlock said when he saw John was waiting; he grabbed his coat (the day had been fine, but April nights could still be cool) and pulled at the door, only to be momentarily nonplussed by the fact that it didn’t open.
They exited the room, Sherlock throwing one last glance back at John, whose eyes were already closed, his chest rising and falling evenly as he slipped into slumber.
SHERLOCK WAITED UNTIL he was sure John was well and truly asleep. He’d made it a point to thoroughly exhaust John in the hopes that it would ease whatever seemed to be eating at him, and once John’s breathing fell into the even rhythms of slumber, Sherlock was up and dressed (though it occurred to him he could do with another shower), intending to grab a nicotine patch and get back to work.
With a final glance at the murderous-looking Moriarty, John hurried out, trying all the while not to appear as shaken as he felt.
But at breakfast, Sherlock was already showing signs of irritation brought on by boredom. They ate in the kitchen, and every few minutes Sherlock would look out the window and sigh.
They had finally come around to the Greek and Roman Art exhibit and Sherlock broke free of Irene and her incessant chatter to view the wide variety of bowls, cups and vases displayed in the glass cases. It wasn’t long before he found what he was searching for, though he made it a point to only glance at it and move on quickly.
Elyse nodded. “I couldn’t move him, and I didn’t want to leave him, but what else could I do? And then I remembered Sherlock introduced you as a doctor yesterday . . . And I thought since the dogs were here, and if I could be quick . . .”
Mycroft tutted. “You’d be sorry for it in the morning. Come on,” he said again, “the car is waiting downstairs.”
John tried to shrug it off. Let Sherlock figure it out. Or Mycroft, when he arrived. There were sure to be some fireworks then, but John expected to be gone well before that.
Sherlock knew he should leave but worried that doing so would only make things worse for John. If not for Mrs. Grossman, there might be the chance John could ascribe what had happened to a dream, or even a very vivid hallucination. But the housekeeper stood witness, and though she didn’t know everything, she knew enough. Hearing her side of things would only cause John to question and doubt. Sherlock couldn’t see leaving John with that kind of uncertainty hanging over him.
Sherlock started to reach for his blood-stained shirt but stopped with a grimace. “Hand me that, would you?”
John didn’t let Sherlock’s disinclination stop him from eating, however, and he’d already made it halfway through his meal by the time Mycroft emerged. The older Holmes paused, pinning first his brother and then John with an indecipherable gaze before taking a seat. Daisy promptly set his plate and cup in front of him, and Sherlock raised his brows. “How’s the diet?”
As Sherlock followed, John stopped him briefly with a hand on the detective’s arm. “Sherlock,” he said, “Just . . .” But he wasn’t sure what he meant to say.
“Brought a horse blanket,” Jeremy said. “It will have to serve for now.” He glanced sideways at John, and John realized he was still holding the gun—practically clutching it. John hastily moved to set it on the seat of the cart, freeing his hands to help.
Sherlock eyed her for a long moment. “But if there were any chance, you would steal him,” he deduced, and she broke into a broad grin.
“Well, it’s good you’re square with Mr. Watson,” Irene said, “but it’s Harry you’ll need to watch out for.”
Sherlock shrugged in a way that suggested he was ridding himself of something. “What do soldiers do, John? I just thought about something else.”
John’s heart was beating so hard he couldn’t hear anything else. His lungs couldn’t catch any air. He felt like if he tried to take a step he might only fall over.
John looked and saw a pair of ornate double doors at the far end of the corridor, with a matching set at the closer end.
Sherlock brushed back some of the packing in an effort to excavate whatever it might conceal but eventually resorted to putting his whole hand and half his forearm in to find the item.
Sherlock started to his feet, but only managed to bang his head on the underside of the desk. He hissed an oath and told John, “You won’t.”
you’ve had,” said John, and Sherlock threw him a surprised look; John usually wasn’t daring with his conversation.
He jumped when he felt Sherlock touch his shoulder, gently, Sherlock’s hair brushing his ear. “That’s a nice watch,” Sherlock murmured, and Christopher followed his gaze to the table on the far side of the bed. “A gift?”
John felt a pang at hearing Sherlock use Moriarty’s first name so casually but while he was gathering the courage to ask about it—and steeling himself against possible answers—Sherlock said, “I have a question for you now. How did you get into the museum?”
Lestrade’s eyes fell on the men’s hands. Markham’s left clutched the other man’s upper right arm in the telltale moment-of-death fashion. The unidentified man’s right hand was on Markham’s neck, as if caressing it, and the two men stared into one another’s eyes in a way that made Lestrade wish they
John could make no sense of what this person was saying but figured (as much as he could figure anything through the static in his brain) it probably didn’t matter much one way or another.
The crowd around them got louder; Demetria had mounted the stage at the far end of the room. Suddenly Sherlock felt overheated. He leaned over to Irene. “Need some air.”
“You don’t care for Mr. Sherlock then?” Mrs. Grossman asked tentatively, her avid curiosity and love of gossip warring with a desire not to overstep her bounds.
Sherlock lay on the table with his eyes closed, and Sarah would have guessed he was asleep except that every now and then he would say something and John would answer. They kept their voices low and she didn’t try to eavesdrop; she was too busy watching.
“There he is!” Demetria said from the stage. “Sherlie, sweetheart, come say something to these boys!”
John suspected Sherlock knew why, but all he said was, “I’m hungry. And I’m still waking up. And I have work in a bit.”
“The castle. Bell, book and candle . . .” Sherlock was rapidly navigating through the windows on the monitor.
Sherlock kept his eyes ahead. “It’s like going through a tunnel, Irene. You have to get all the way in before you can start to come out.”
But Sherlock had thrown off his sheet and was easing himself off the side of the bed to standing. John watched him closely for signs of discomfort, and Sherlock did grimace a bit, but he otherwise gave no outward indication he might be in pain. Not surprising, John reasoned; if he bothered to check the IV bags, he was certain one would be a painkiller. Without it, it was only a matter of time before Sherlock began to feel the aftermath of his injury.
“He’s small but quick,” Harry said with all the authority of someone who had spent a lifetime antagonizing her brother and therefore knew his methods.
Lestrade led them up the interior stairs. “They’re coming back today to start going through it all, but you can have first look. Some stuff got moved around, but it’s all there.”
“Yes. Thank you. I have no idea what it was, but it tasted much better than whatever the nurse tried to feed me.”
Sighing, Sherlock tossed the collection of envelopes and catalogues onto the sofa until only the box was left. It was large; it came to his mid-thigh and was almost as wide as it was tall. It was also covered in tape. “I’ll need a scissor,” he said.
“And they have prostitutes for sex, but it’s not the same as being with someone you love, is it?” Sherlock turned his head sharply to his right, almost as if she’d slapped him, and Irene saw the barb had struck home. “Sorry,” she said softly. “That wasn’t called for.”
But Sherlock had already exited. He started to pull the door closed behind him, but stopped when he stepped on John’s discarded shirt. Bending to pick it up, he tossed it into his room, then proceeded to shut the door.
“Harry will be out at the end of next week,” Mrs. Watson continued. “And we were that sorry to hear Eoin wouldn’t be attending—”
“The bodies,” said Lestrade as he unlocked the street door. “And any affects that were with them. The sheets and what all.”
Unsure whether he should say anything, Sherlock looked to Irene; if anyone could coach him on social complexities, she could. But her lips were firmly pressed together as she tried to keep from laughing. He frowned at her; he didn’t find any of it particularly funny. But Irene’s eyes continued to sparkle with amusement as she gave her head a tiny shake, a gesture Sherlock took to mean he should keep his mouth shut.
Irene stepped abruptly back from the door, just as it swung open. Before Sherlock could say anything, she flung herself at him, gave him a quick kiss and departed, kicking the door closed behind her.
The sales assistant smiled and reached for John’s hand, which led him to reflect that people grabbing his hands was becoming rather common.
Jeremy’s shoulders rose and fell in what was either a very slow shrug or a show of resignation. “You may want to take that.”
Of course, his touching it meant he was leaving evidence of his snooping. But what other choice did he have?
John was unable to hide the hurt and surprise the words engendered, but if Sherlock noticed he chose to discount it. Instead he merely remarked, “Though we should at least change the linens.”
For a moment John couldn’t tell whether this statement had flattered or annoyed his companion, but then Sherlock blinked and said, “Thank you,” and John let out a small sigh of relief.
Sherlock only nodded. John brought him the highest dose he felt would be both safe and effective, along with a glass of water. “Your room is still piled with all your things, so . . .” John trailed off when he saw the odd look Sherlock was giving him. He waited a moment, but Sherlock didn’t speak, so John continued, “You sleep in my room, and I’ll stay on the sofa for the night.”
“What?!” John swung his legs to the opposite side of the bed from where Irene sat. “No! Nonononono! They don’t even like each other!”
“We’ll deal with it later,” said Lestrade as he exited the suite, allowing the door to slam shut behind him.
“I’ll be sure to wear my coat when I’m out,” said Sherlock as he returned to John’s room, adding to himself as he slid back into bed, “Though I expect to be staying in for a while yet.”
Sherlock had the fleeting notion that very few people knew him at all, not well at any rate. He’d built his life around a rather flimsy assembly of acquaintances and never felt any worse for it. He could count on one hand the people who could honestly claim to “know” him: John, Irene, maybe Mycroft at a stretch. He wasn’t sure he wanted John’s family to make that list.
Sherlock took in John’s distress and sighed. They couldn’t continue on this way, with him constantly having to stop and ease John’s fears. All the more reason to be done with the whole thing for good. “You’re a solider, John,” Sherlock reminded him. “You knew the risks when we started.”
Sherlock half dragged John back upstairs, not speaking until they’d reached his room. John found himself standing there, desperate to look at anything but his flatmate, and thinking that even the electric lights couldn’t make all the blue-grey any less dreary.
WHILE MRS. GROSSMAN flapped her hands in agitation, Sherlock maneuvered John onto the Victorian sofa; not the most comfortable place, perhaps, but better than the floor. He then instructed the housekeeper to open the windows as he unbuttoned John’s shirt (holding himself to the two topmost buttons, despite enormous temptation to go farther) and loosened his breeches (and here, checking that Mrs. Grossman’s back was still turned as she pulled back drapes and unfastened panes, Sherlock allowed his hand to linger a little longer).
Sherlock was studying the drag queen’s makeup: thickly applied, sea green eye shadow; long false eyelashes; small rhinestones stuck along the lash line; hot pink lipstick and matching fingernails; and a long auburn wig. “It must take ages to put all that on,” he said.
John and Sherlock locked gazes. Then Sherlock turned back to the sketch. “This group of people,” he murmured, circling a cluster of men standing together a little apart from the focus of the picture. “Does that one look a little like—?”
TAMZEN WAS WAITING backstage in the overcrowded cubbyhole that passed for the wardrobe department. “What are you looking for?” she asked Irene.
“Not without injuring people.” Sherlock paused to peek into the oven. “Looks like Chloe’s killed the fatted calf. I wonder . . .” He closed the oven door. “What day is it?”
John sighed and folded the paper, not bothering with the additional, long-winded vows of eternal ardor that finished it. Without knowing who Charles was or how attached Sherlock might be to him, John had little to go forward with. He could ask Sherlock, he supposed, but John could only envision Sherlock having a negative reaction to such questions, or at best no reaction at all. In any case, storming into Sherlock’s room and demanding to know who Charles was didn’t seem like the right way to go about things. Especially not just before dinner.
In the end, Lestrade had agreed to send the report, and Sherlock had spent the better part of the afternoon piecing together the trail of the thief (or thieves). The Dulwich had been hit first, the British Museum being too large a target one must think, though the National Gallery in Edinburgh had evidently not posed a problem. Nor had Paris’s l’Orangerie. Or the Swiss National Museum in Zurich. An impressive list.
She shook her head in disbelief. “In, I guess. But God, Sherl, what if you have a relapse or something?”
“No! That won’t work,” said Irene. “They know us too well. They’ll talk around us. I’ll talk to John; you go talk to Sherlock.”
But Gerrie shook her head. “Never mind that; I’ve already called Mycroft and he’ll be out tomorrow if not tonight. But I read your blog, remember? I know about Sarah. So I don’t know if you’re lying to me or to—” She waved a hand. “Whoever reads your blog, but you’re lying to someone.” The blue eyes became steely. “Just see you don’t hurt him, John, or you’ll have me to deal with.”
Still, when the medics attempted to push John aside, something base and animal in him threatened to retaliate, and Mycroft and Mr. Watson were required to intervene before John could react.
The line went so silent that John had to glance at the phone screen to make sure they were still connected.
The Terrace Suite was on the ninth floor and had a large entry hall that opened into a sitting room and separate dining room that gave onto the terrace from which the room derived its name.  The terrace in turn overlooked Hyde Park.
Sherlock spared a glance. “Yes, it’s a miracle,” he replied dryly. “Here, help me.” He began handing down bricks that had come free, and John dutifully stepped forward to take them, stacking them neatly (and quietly) on the floor.
And the night of May third, which had been the best night of John’s life, though looking back now he could see how Sherlock had hidden everything from him.
“Of course,” said Sherlock, striding to the door. “I wouldn’t dream of ruining your happy reunion. I’m sure your boyfriend will be back soon, too, and you’ll want some quality time with him as well.”
But Sherlock had stopped walking again and was now looking behind him, where in the distance someone was hurrying after them.
“I’d never even been to Weald House until the funeral,” said Irene. “So you see, I don’t really know him as well as you’d think.” Then she pulled open the door and was gone, leaving John to wonder about the differences in knowing someone a long time and knowing them thoroughly.
Sherlock froze; it was a possibility he hadn’t considered. But he resisted the temptation to look again. He could do that later, look and think about all of it later. After all, the flight back to London was a long one.
A hand touched the side of his face, and John curled his toes reflexively; he felt as if he were an instrument whose strings had just been plucked, the sensation vibrating through him, and he pushed his face into the hand the way a cat might butt its head against someone to encourage petting.
John stared at Sherlock’s back, searching for the right thing to say. After a moment he remarked, “One of the first things they taught us in the army is that courage doesn’t mean not being hurt or afraid; it means pushing on despite being hurt and afraid.”
THE MORE HE worked through the flat, the more frustrated Sherlock became. If Markham really were anything like him—and Sherlock was not at all convinced of this, apart from a possible passing resemblance—there was method to the madness of his belongings. It should have been a simple matter of extracting all the puzzle pieces from the piles of what had been the architect’s life and assembling them. But thus far the only thing Sherlock had found that he could consider potentially useful was a scrapbook of newspaper clippings featuring articles about Markham’s work and society pages about charities and galas he had been involved with or attended. Most of these Sherlock had already seen online, but he had learned that the things a person chose to keep often functioned as a pixel in a larger picture. The scrapbook, then, was a piece of the puzzle.
John considered sending back a snappish reply, or even just suggesting Sherlock ask Mycroft directly, but decided that might only make him seem as childish as his flatmate.
“Really?” John asked, unable to keep the bitterness from his voice. “This is what you’re thinking about now?”
Sherlock studied Markham’s expression in the photo. Reluctance indeed. The man’s smile was thin and didn’t show his teeth. And while Dawson leaned in quite cozily, Markham stood rigid, the hand circling around to her upper arm almost hovering as opposed to holding, as if he were trying to minimize contact.
“I was only his contact,” Patrick explained. “You know, meet somewhere, pick up this, drop off that.” When John still didn’t respond, Patrick went on, “There was nothing to it. Just a bit of fun.”
Without turning on any lights (because he didn’t want to see it clearly if his fears happened to be realized), John walked slowly to the sofa and leaned in for a look. He felt his breath ease out of him in relief when he was able to determine that Sherlock’s chest was moving. Then relief was replaced by a feeling of chagrin at his own stupid anxiety. What had he honestly been worried about? Not only now but all day?
THE FLAT FELT weirdly quiet and empty. John tried calling Sarah but got no answer. He tidied up a bit, made himself something to eat, tried to find a program worth watching on the telly, and eventually fell asleep on the sofa only to be awakened by the sound of his mobile phone ringing.
“He’s talking about Elyse Baskerville,” Sherlock intoned, his eyes not leaving Moriarty. “You were the one to give Markham and Lumley the hemlock.”
Also known as the Holmes-Watson house, Weald House was built in 1760 by Charles Baskerville of the neighboring Corring estate as a wedding gift to his daughter Sophie Baskerville Knill. In 1843, Robert Baskerville deeded the house to Siger Holmes as a form of payment for help with an unspecified problem at Corring Hall. The Holmes family continued to occupy Weald House until the death of the last heir, who left it to Dr. John Watson. All proceeds from tours and events held at Weald House go directly toward upkeep of the house and grounds. Housekeeper Maude Grossman bakes fresh scones daily, and the Christmas festivities are not to be missed. Owner occupied April 1–Sept 30. Open Oct 1–March 31 for house tours, guided horseback rides and special occasions.
John wanted to ask him why he was there, but he didn’t want to spoil things. It was nice to have Sherlock there, warm and drowsy, even if it meant that John was himself now wide awake. So instead John asked, “What’s a martlet?”
Jonah appeared to think about it for a moment then shook his head. “No. Or maybe. I don’t really remember.” He started laughing again. “Shh,” he said between giggles. “They’ll know you know!”
Donovan took up a stance leaning against the wall with her arms crossed. “He’s our best witness, you know,” she told Sherlock.
John felt his legs threaten to give out again; clearly he’d pushed himself too far too soon by venturing out. He reached for the wall behind him and leaned against it.
Irene sat back and crossed her arms. “It does matter. If you’re emotionally compromised it could blow everything. Anyway, I won’t help you unless you tell.”
“Really?” John asked, peering out the windscreen. Now he had arrived, he was reluctant to get out of the car. Maybe he should have gone to the clinic after all and let Sherlock get on with it. But he was there now, and he couldn’t see spending another day distracted by worry, so he found a nearby car park and set off on foot, alternating between concern for Sherlock (wherever in the vicinity he happened to be) and the general welfare of a very expensive automobile left in a public car park.
John looked up at the sky, which was perfectly blue aside from high, wispy clouds, none of which were dark enough to foretell showers.
John struggled to sit up but it only made the rabbit kick harder. He collapsed back onto the pillows, wondering what it would be like when the rabbit finally tunneled through. He watched his chest move up and down in its desperate attempt to get enough breath and waited for the moment the claws and teeth burst out.
It seemed safe enough to start with Lambeth Palace and the articles in the back of Markham’s scrapbook. But there was little to go on; Markham had been selected to do some refurbishing of the Lambeth Library offices housed in Morton’s Tower. The only material of note was a couple of mentions of a planned mural depicting The Presentation of Christ in the Temple.
“He’s in shock,” the person holding John said, and the sound of the familiar voice made him feel as if his throat were closing; he couldn’t get air. “Walk, John, here to the library. Mrs. Grossman, fetch him some water, if you please.”
“He was here when I got in from searching Markham’s flat. He had the ring, and he told me . . .” Sherlock drew in a breath, summoning strength to tell the unvarnished truth. “He told me Lumley had been his man. Moriarty was the one to suggest Lumley and Markham were the bell and that I—we—should get on with looking for the book part of the equation.”
“This Marcy person is in for it,” Sherlock said. “Looks like she’s juggling two boyfriends, but Jack seems to be catching on, and he’s really not happy.” His eyes tracked over to the blinking message light on the phone.
John knew he should leave, though he wasn’t sure how to accomplish that particular feat. He could barely move, and he was so tired. Even as he sat there in the bed he thought he might nod off.
John nodded his understanding, and Dr. Matthews started to turn away but paused. “He has quite a collection of scars . . .”
“Don’t go anywhere alone. I’ve just had a message from . . . him, and it sounds as if he’s planning something.”
“You’re bleeding,” John told him as one of the long cuts down Sherlock’s sides began to weep bright red tears.
There were two of them, which Mrs. Grossman had always thought looked odd and overcrowded, but Mr. John refused to have it any other way, and they made for a good conversation piece on the tour.
Sherlock sensed his words lacked something that John needed in order to feel reassured. He recalled the pressure of having been faced with this question once before, and now he gave John the answer he’d given Moriarty then. “You’re my heart,” he said, his tone reasonable now. “Without you, I would be cold and dead. You are . . .
“He said something about cleaning up at the flat, so you could try there,” John suggested. “Tell him . . .” He sighed. “I don’t know what to tell him.”
“Have a seat there,” Moriarty said, indicating a chair with a cushioned seat and back but wooden arms and legs. It was a chair John had never liked much, one that had belonged to Sherlock. John had considered getting rid of it several times, but like so many things, it had remained, an artifact of the past.
“Under construction?” Gerrie asked, oblivious to John's pointed tone. She followed the two men as they mounted the remainder of the staircase. “But didn’t you just have it redone?”
Sarah glanced at where Sherlock was leaning around to examine the PSP plate, then turned back to John and mouthed, “NO.”
And John, meanwhile, was already walking away. Sherlock was increasingly aware that John was losing patience with him, with their situation or (as some would surely label it)
If John could have spoken, he might have pointed out that Sherlock had not wanted John to stay with him two years before. That Sherlock had sent him away and deceived him. But John no longer had the energy for that kind of anger and instead found himself wrapped in a warm and peaceful kind of acquiescence, even as he started to shiver from lack of body heat.
Sherlock froze, and John nearly walked past him. When John turned, he saw the color had left Sherlock’s face. “Did you read them?”
As it turned out, Sherlock saved him the trouble of finding a way to occupy himself. John followed his flatmate up the stairs, pushed the door shut behind as he entered, and was half out of his jacket when Sherlock pulled him into a fervent kiss that so startled John he failed to return it. Instead he stepped away, slid his jacket the rest of the way off, and said reprovingly as he hung it, “Those two men are dead.”
“I have the car, your car, it’s in a car park not far from here,” John said, his voice low and quick.
Scanning the room, filled with untidy piles of papers, books and random objects, John felt defeated before he’d even begun. The computer? Too obvious; Sherlock would never store anything so personal there.
“And they’d like to get to know you before then,” John said. “But if you’re going to make a bad impression by being surly and rude . . .”
But Sherlock knew better. “You can play it that way if you like, but you’re setting yourself up for them asking you repeatedly. And the questions may only get more invasive depending on what they find at the scene.”
“Of course, now that you’re not dead . . .” added Irene with a grin. “So, when do you want to pull this thing off?”
“And what? You’re afraid if you spend the rest of your life with him you won’t be able to keep that promise?”
“Is that what you call it?” Sherlock asked. He’d been prepared to deal with Eoin, a threat that all evidence now suggested had been flimsy at most, the devotion one-sided with John acting as a passive participant. But the idea of John and Irene, of her being privy to all the tastes and smells of him, of his mouth and hands on her, made Sherlock acutely nauseous. He swayed a little where he stood and wondered idly if he were about to collapse, but suddenly two cool hands were on his cheeks, and Irene eclipsed John in his view.
Sherlock was impatient to channel his own disquiet into action, as if doing so would move things along, push them toward the end of all this.
“I don’t suppose I could get a peek at the gallery,” Sherlock hazarded when she brought over the tray.
Sherlock looked to Irene who shrugged. He looked back at Demetria and wondered at his chances of escaping, but something about her expression told him there was more to this than a show. So, like a man climbing the scaffold, Sherlock walked to the foot of the dais. “Come on,” Demetria said again, offering her hand to help him up. Once he was standing next to her, she snaked an arm around his waist and  pointed to a couple of men in the crowd. “I see you two girls eyeing him, but let me just tell you right now this one’s mine. You gotta import your own!”
“It’s not a café. Anyway, the dining room looked very nice when we walked past.” They had come that afternoon from Rosenlaui to Meiringen, though one Swiss town had started to look much like any other to John. They all either had lakes or mountains, and some had both.
Eoin appeared to be whispering, but Sherlock could not make out the words. Then suddenly, Eoin rose and turned. “Oh!” he said. “Are you . . .?”
“He was my chemistry instructor,” said Sherlock, his voice now even, his tone detached. He was merely citing facts now, John knew.
“Not taking it well,” Sherlock whispered as John took a seat next to him. John ignored what he supposed was Sherlock’s idea of a joke, while a dark-haired woman seemed to materialize out of nowhere to set a plate of food and glass of orange juice in front of him.
JOHN FELT GOOD. He was comfortable and cozy, warm in his bed. He wanted to spend the rest of his life there, curled up under the blankets with nothing to bother him. He imagined he could feel his heart and his breath slackening, and it was as if he had begun to exist in slow motion. John started to wonder whether he might stop aging altogether.
“That doesn’t mean he doesn’t want you to,” said Irene. “You just have to get through the firewall.”
“Some of Markham’s things had already been moved to the new flat,” Lestrade reminded him. “These might have been the least of his belongings.”
The pause was longer this time. “Okay!” Sarah finally said, a tad too cheerfully. “Well, I’ll see you when you get back then.”
wanted to be the one to save John, set things right. So Sherlock remained silent, which was all the answer Lestrade required.
There was generally only one kind of caller when Mr. John was in residence: someone in need of a doctor. Oh, occasionally someone from the neighborhood would come by for a short visit, usually to extend an invitation to something or other, but it was too early in the day for that kind of thing. In either case, it would be someone from the area—which is why Mrs. Grossman was utterly surprised to find a stranger on the doorstep.
All at once Sherlock understood. “And what if he’d had a gun? Or if he hadn’t been alone? What if he’d brought one of his marksmen along? I couldn’t risk it,” said Sherlock. “I couldn’t risk
“Not likely. He hates when I—” John stopped there, mentally kicking himself. Why was he helping her in this ridiculous inquiry?
“Okay,” John answered rather stupidly, in the way of a person who has been concussed and is no longer sure what is happening.
Tonight more than ever, Sherlock needed John to divert him. Most of the time Sherlock could drop asleep without much thought, but he knew that night it would be impossible. And while it was true that he could call Lestrade and hope for something stimulating to come of whatever the inspector was working on, Sherlock decided he’d much rather have John stimulate him.
“A lack of interference on her part, according to her. She says she came for you because she was having second thoughts.”
After locking up, John waited a minute, his eyes trained expectantly on Sherlock’s closed door. But when his flatmate failed to materialize, a prick of concern left John at a loss. Should he check on Sherlock? Or was the unopened door an indication that Sherlock would rather be left alone? They were back where they started a few nights ago, it seemed; John wondered if he would wake up in the morning and find Sherlock gone again.
And to John’s surprise, Sherlock laughed. “Thank you, John. Let’s hold it in reserve, shall we? We may yet find a use for it.” He handed the card back to John and stood. “Go lay down on the bed for a minute, would you?”
JOHN DUCKED INTO the office, a room that he viewed as his own more than any other simply because it was where he had conducted all the business of running Weald House whenever he’d been in residence. And where he continued to do so at Sherlock’s behest, Sherlock having a keen enough mind for it but no real interest.
John wondered if maybe he were finally getting the hang of running a house, even if he did only have two employees and a glorified lawn service.
The markings continued up to the platform that overlooked most of the waterfall. Mud on that platform and a broken railing confirmed what John already knew, but he stretched himself out on the waterlogged wood anyway, and gazed down into the roaring cascade. Nothing. There was nothing but tons of water, icy from the spring melt, falling nearly 100 meters into the pool below. John was forced to squint against the spray. And that was fine. Because it was as good an excuse as any for the wetness of his cheeks.
“True enough,” Mrs. Grossman acknowledged. “There are a few great houses with such galleries, but it’s not common.”
“No idea.” But then he froze. “The Temple Church. Two knights on horseback.” It was a well enough known London landmark, the column outside the church that had been founded by the Knights Templar, atop which was the sculpture of two knights riding one horse.
As John got closer, the dogs stood. He hesitated and glanced at Elyse. “They’re friendly enough,” she said, though her voice lacked some conviction. “Henry’s their pack leader, you see. They don’t know what to do without him. But I don’t think they’ll hurt you.”
Brandywine turned his head and snorted, causing John to jump. “Miss Baskerville,” he said, “there’s no reason for you to stay here. Why don’t you ride back to Weald House? I’ll wait and help Jeremy.”
John ran a hand down his face, not sure he could stand seeing more. “Christ, Sherlock, what did he do to you?”
John wished Sherlock were there so he could shake some common sense into him. He might be the most brilliant mind on the bloody planet, but Christ— “To hell with what he’s up to! I only care about you!”
SARAH HUNG BACK in the exam room, ready to be helpful but not wanting to intrude. It didn’t matter; John and Sherlock had apparently forgotten about her.
“He wasn’t angry on my account; he was angry his orders had been circumvented. If there’s one thing Mycroft hates, it’s people not doing what he tells them.”
“Now look what you—” John began when the screen went black, but a few seconds later grayish images appeared, accompanied by muffled sound.
John sighed and went back to his lunch. Let Sherlock ask Mycroft for the whatsit. They could sort themselves out without any help from him.
“Sherlock?” Lestrade had opened the door to the flat just a bit so he could stick his head ’round for a look.
John watched with fascination as Sherlock’s breathing sped up, the pulse in his neck fluttering, even as he was clearly torn. “What if I hurt you?”
Sherlock released John’s arm, feeling even as he did so that it was somehow a mistake. The look John flashed him confirmed this, though Sherlock was at a loss as to
Sherlock stopped again and looked around as if getting his bearings. “She loves you, John, not me.” When John only chuckled, Sherlock pinned him with a look. “She said as much to me. That if she thought there was any chance, she’d steal you like the thief she is.”
Irene took in a shaky breath. Released it. “All right,” she said, and again, “all right. You’ve just promised John’s father you won’t hurt John again.”
John was finding it increasingly difficult to talk. He tried to say “office” but wasn’t convinced that whatever came out made any sense.
“It’s not a zero-sum game, Sherlock. We didn’t trick the Grim Reaper by tossing a couple of counterfeits under His nose.”
Donovan eyed Sherlock for a moment to see if he would protest. Then she used Lestrade’s directive as an excuse to slip out of the bedroom to place the call.
But then again, John might not be willing to help. Not only were the two of them on an uneven footing at the moment, the case itself already had John haring off at the slightest thing.
“Um, all right,” said John, slipping the keys into the pocket not inhabited by his gun. “There’s the computer,” he added, only to win a look from Mycroft that suggested he thought John might be a tad mentally deficient. “I mean, of course that’s it,” John amended. “You know that. Do you need . . . help with it or anything?”
“Fell asleep on the waiting room couch. I’d have you go get him while I set things up, but he’s . . . unpleasant . . . when anyone wakes him before he’s ready.”
Another burst of fear threatened, but Sherlock squelched it. Where had John been last night? Not home. He hadn’t been at the flat as much lately, was still a tad bent out of shape regarding their last misadventure. Sherlock hadn’t thought much about it, figuring John was unlikely to be doing anything very interesting, but now he realized not keeping track of John might have made his flatmate more vulnerable.
“Irene,” he answered evenly, bearing the petite redhead’s fierce hug with as much equanimity as he could muster. “Please don’t call me that.” It wasn’t the first time he’d made that request, and he was sure it wouldn’t do any good this time either, but he felt compelled to keep trying.
Meanwhile, Patrick watched John narrowly; his personal rule was to never be the first to swing and to always be the last, if it came to that. But John just stood there, staring, until Patrick—usually unflappable, given his line of work—started to feel a tad itchy. So in an attempt to break the stalemate, Patrick said, “Look, it was never me he was going to marry, mate.”
They fell quiet then, and doubt began to gnaw at John once more. He was smart enough to know, when he looked at it straight on (which he was reluctant to do), that Sherlock filled an almost addictive need in him for excitement and adrenaline; that this was balanced by John’s desire to feel useful, which Sherlock also filled; and that the possibility of going back to his mundane life of the previous two years was a bleak consideration. And he knew that he satisfied Sherlock’s need for someone to admire him, to pet his ego and run his everyday errands. But John couldn’t help worrying that these were also all the wrong reasons to form an enduring relationship with someone. He respected Sherlock, and yes, loved him, but . . . Life with him was impossible and life without him was unbearable.
Sherlock scowled as he set the calyx on the floor. “I am. I have been, and he only repays me in grief.”
John only turned his head, looking everywhere but at his flatmate. “I should go back to the clinic. I had a few more patients to see.”
There had been more handholding, there had been kissing, there had been a hurried return to the hotel, where Sherlock had made good on his promise to strip John of the strictures of elegant menswear.
John frowned at her, prepared to dislike her. But her genuine smile and sparkling green eyes made it difficult.
The chiming tone sounded once more, and John realized his mobile phone had been the culprit. Where was it? The pocket of his discarded jeans, there, a few feet from the bed. Not wanting to get up, John stretched to reach them and extracted his phone.
Sherlock was bent over the bodies again now. “He can confirm a couple of my suspicions. This one worked in a kitchen of some sort.”
There was a long silence before Sherlock remarked, “There won’t be a theft at the museum in New York.”
“But there was a funeral and everything,” said Mrs. Watson. “We didn’t go, of course, because we didn’t know him—er, you . . .” Her brow puckered.
“Please go away?” John was hopeful his polite prefix might have some effect on this outrageous woman.
“The only currency Mycroft deals in is information. He clearly thinks the Victoria box contains something worth knowing. It’s not an unreasonable assumption, given that the queen awarded three men with keys. While it’s not likely she would have given them access to money or jewels, if they had done some kind of intelligence work for her . . .”
He was down to the last three boxes and wondering whether it was worth the effort as he paused to stretch, almost falling backward when he overextended. Something caught his eye. He had to lay almost flat out on the floor to see what it was: a thin wooden chest, not more than two inches high, that had been slid into the little bit of space afforded by the chest-of-drawers’ short legs.
Moriarty had gone to great lengths to engage Sherlock’s interest before—flattering, Sherlock supposed, in a way. He was still combing the stack of faxes for useful tidbits of information when Irene knocked at his hotel room door.
The inspector’s eyes darted toward Sarah, who was watching and listening avidly. “Just trying to match some, er, bodily fluids found at the scene.”
“We’ve got martlets, we’ve got a bell, and we’ve got a man who knew he was going to die. What else?” Sherlock asked, going back to the sketch for the mural.
Boots in hand, John took the stairs slowly and headed for the kitchen, where he found Sherlock standing by the counter sipping a cup of tea. “Had to wash down all that cake,” he explained, as if he needed some kind of excuse. “Want any?”
“This is about today. Bailey. Loose from his pen. Well, I haven’t seen him. I suggest you set your other dogs on his trail.” Sherlock turned to go.
Sherlock scowled and John turned his attention to the landscape. It was lovely, the late April sun warm and bright against the green expanses dotted with early flowers of white and yellow. The road stretched on ahead and behind with no other cars in sight, and he had no idea where they were or what direction they were going. It didn’t really matter, though, did it? He would enjoy it for what it was, as long as it lasted.
“I had to guess,” Sherlock confessed, “but I’m pretty familiar with your hands. Grab the statue,” he added as he carried the casket to the door. “We should at least put it back.”
Not that he’d ever have the courage to say any of it. Sherlock, on the other hand, never thought about what he said; it all came out unfiltered, sometimes for the worse. But now and again—like that night—his words were beautiful. And the shame of it was Sherlock never knew the difference.
“Means you won’t need to testify at any rate,” Mycroft went on. “And neither will your, uh—” He made a vague gesture in the direction of John’s room.
“Shit!” John sat up so swiftly his body went to great pains to remind him of its injuries, and he flinched and hissed volubly.
“This is your initiation,” said Sherlock. “And if I don’t give this to you, if you fail, will they kill you?”
“The same could be said of you,” John said, and immediately regretted drawing the parallel. It reminded him too vividly of the scene they’d viewed the day before. Would someone find them in their flat like that, then comment on how disorganized Sherlock was? Or rather, had been? John had been feeling better that morning, almost as if the whole thing had been a bad dream, or maybe just blown out of proportion. But now he was starting to feel anxious again. “I should go,” he said abruptly.
Because if Markham had done what Sherlock would do, he hadn’t hidden the portfolio—he’d dismembered it.
“He was on his way to Heathrow but had to turn around on the road. I need you to find out where he went.”
“You shouldn’t have to put up with it much longer,” Sherlock told him. “Dr. Ruskin says you might be released in a couple more days, provided you promise not to exert yourself.”
Sherlock was so busy following these various threads of logic that he was surprised when Harry said, “My brother loved you.”
Sherlock was going to hate waking up in a hospital, and what was worse, in a hospital gown. Ah, God, they couldn’t keep on like this. A collection of scars indeed.
“As if I haven’t seen that before!” said Sarah, quickly adding, “In patients, I mean. Not you in particular.”
John opened his mouth to tell him, but all that came out was a sort of gurgle accompanied by the taste of fresh blood on John’s tongue. And then his arms were loose and he felt himself plunge forward under his own weight, regardless of the fact that his legs were still lashed to the chair.
He sighed and thumbed through his keys in search of the one he needed. He couldn’t keep going in circles; it was getting him nowhere. Fine then. He was done with it, at least until Sherlock showed himself willing to stick things out. If that ever happened, he could reevaluate. In the meantime, John refused to get dragged into any more of these exploits.
John glanced over at his slumbering flatmate. Responsible for him? Certainly. Tamed? Not bloody likely.
And Sherlock only continued to ascend, as if to put all of them behind and beneath him, as if he might never return.
Elyse was on her knees in the dead grass and mud, sobbing. The dogs had gone back to sitting watchfully.
“That reminds me, John,” said Gerrie as the wine was poured, “I need your car keys so Jeremy can bring your car around out of the drive.”
The living area was as much a mess as it ever was, meaning John could never find anything, but Sherlock knew exactly where things were. God forbid it ever get organized because then he would lose track of everything. The recent post was on Sherlock’s desk—well, and there were a few envelopes stacked on his work table. Those were the ones that required responses. The old post, though, the stuff from weeks before was on the bookcase. Both Sherlock and John had made half-hearted attempts to poke through it, but now it generally served as postmodern art.
John wasn’t sure he agreed with that sentiment, but he didn’t answer. He went for the kit and escaped back to the upstairs with it and his bag. Back in the green room he changed into dry clothes before taking the kit with him to check on Sherlock.
Sarah laughed. “Food is a given, I know for a fact you could do without your sister, and I’m pretty sure you’d be fine without me. But Sherlock . . . Whatever you get from being with him—the adrenaline rush, or a new perspective on life, or . . . whatever—I don’t think you’d be happy without it. Or him.”
“I could, uh, give you a minute, if you like?” Eoin finally said, and Sherlock found himself somewhere between amused and annoyed that the boy had the presumption to assume he had the right to grant or deny him access. But Sherlock only stretched his smile a little thinner and said, “Would you?”
Moriarty stepped back, still smiling, and John frowned up at him, trying to figure out what the villain was up to.
Sherlock noted her oscillation. “I hear it’s quite lovely, and unique for running from the front to the rear of the house instead of the length of it.”
“THOUGHT I MIGHT find you here,” Irene said after pushing open the door to the flat. “What are you doing?”
SHERLOCK STARED DUBIOUSLY at the “artisan” sandwich in front of him. “What’s on it?” he asked again.
The key card to the room was waiting for him at the desk, just as Sherlock had said in his text. John took the elevator up and realized as he stepped out that these were the posh suites, the types with full-on sitting rooms and such. What was Sherlock doing here?
“Maybe I should stop answering mine,” John muttered. “Look, I’m not even with him. I’m at the flat and he’s . . . away.”
Irene dutifully began checking the tags that sat in front of each cake. “This one is lemon chiffon,” she said.
Irene let out a whoop of laughter, and Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked away. “No need to be jealous, John, I promise!” said Irene, rising. “I’m just trying to find out what’s got Sherl in such a mood.”
Sherlock, meanwhile, had poured two cups of tea. He left one on the counter and took the other back to the computer, along with a plate bearing his two slices of toast.
“Jesus! Fine! Just focus on your driving!” John shouted as he released his phone through the window, the swift air passing around the car grabbing it like so many hands and sweeping it away.
“Well, he cares for you,” said Sarah, giving John another little start. “For whatever reason. But for that much, at least, I can be grateful.” She stood. “I don’t want to tire you out, and I’ve got some errands to run. But I will be back with some sheets for you.”
Brandywine pawed restively and snuffled John’s hair as Jeremy worked his painstaking way down from the cart. Considering how slow Jeremy moved, and yet how quickly he seemed to have gone for the wagon and returned, John guessed they couldn’t be far from the Weald House stables.
Maybe she should call the police? A man had been tortured (she could think of no other word to describe it) and that was something you were supposed to report, right? But she didn’t want to get them into any trouble, either . . .
Irene finally stepped back and gestured for John to enter, even as Sherlock shot her a dark look from over his shoulder. She gave him a hopeless little shrug.
It was, upon inspection, an old photo in a simple frame. The film used was black and white, or maybe the picture had simply been printed that way; John couldn’t be sure. In it, a Sherlock of about age seven or eight sat on warped wooden steps surrounded by sand and scrub grass. A beach holiday snap maybe? He was looking at the camera—it was that look a person gets when someone has just called his name—but his expression made it clear he was thinking about something else entirely.
And of course most of the messages were from Sarah, wondering where he was and what he was up to. God, where to start? John couldn’t imagine trying to explain what had happened. But he didn’t want to sit there alone, either, so he dialed her number.
“If you change your mind, there’s a canteen one floor down, or you can ask a nurse to order you a tray.”
“Mother had it made for him,” Mycroft told him. He was staring openly at John’s hands now, and John fought the urge to shove them in his pockets or put them behind his back—anything to hide them from Mycroft’s inspection.
“No, you wouldn’t,” John said with another sigh. “But thank you for the tea anyway. I should just get on with it, take my mind of things.” He took the top folder from a stack on the desk and pointedly flipped it open.
Chloe entered the kitchen as Sherlock was going upstairs for his boots; she hastily moved out of his way, then turned her large, dark eyes on John, where they settled with open interest. After a minute or so of her staring, John could feel his cheeks growing warm. “I’ll just get out of your way,” he said.
“I knew from the way the dogs acted, and the way Elyse reacted to them, that she had something to hide. But I couldn’t figure out why she’d want any part of her brother’s murder. He wasn’t terribly pleasant to live with, I’m sure, but the two of them had always been close.
He tried to focus on the music but couldn’t. Thought about finding something to read or watch on the telly but didn’t feel like getting up. Questioned whether the video link had been from Moriarty, and if so, why?
What did he know? Sherlock went through the list again and again as he pretended to sleep, his eyes closed and head turned to the shuttered window. John was being kept at a nice hotel, probably in or near London. And upon reflection, it was likely Irene’s speculation was correct, that John was being drugged to keep him submissive. But what John was being submitted
One of the medics looked over his shoulder at the gathering, thinned out now as Irene had sent most gawpers on their way. “Whoever did this probably saved his life,” the medic said, looking directly at John’s telltale hands before turning back to his work. He and a second emergency worker carefully lifted Sherlock onto a stretcher then draped the blanket back over him.
“Used to be. Much of the organization dropped the name when the pope dissolved the order. Some members joined other societies, some just went home, and some went underground.”
He attempted to shake off the fatigue. He needed to work through it logically. What did he remember and what did he know? Sherlock had gone to shower. Charles had come back to the flat . . . and had evidently stabbed John in the neck with a “dose” of something.
Passport. He needed his passport and clothes . . . a bag. He needed to pack a bag. He needed to get to New York.
“Back to the flat. Sherlock’s made it clear he’d rather I wasn’t here. But you probably knew that even before you sent me haring after him.”
Taking this as a cue to depart, Irene gave Sherlock’s hand a small squeeze and said, “I’ll see you back at Mycroft’s, okay?”
“And are these your friends?” Mrs. Watson went on, sounding almost as if she were talking to a four year old.
Mycroft huffed and began listing the digits, leaving John to scramble for something to write on and with. He ended up using the flyleaf of one of his books after finding a stray pencil in the night table drawer. But in so doing, he accidentally stepped on the fallen photo, furthering the damage.
“Scarlet.” Sherlock dropped the traveling case—which was recognizable as John’s—and opened the door to the green room, which John found to be much like the yellow one, though perhaps slightly smaller and with fewer flowers in the décor. “That door passes through a shared dressing room; you can hang your bag in there.”
“It was here when I got back,” said Sherlock, neglecting to remark on what—or who, rather—else had been there. “Don’t cook, John; we’ll order something.”
If it were possible to stumble while reading, John did so then. Posthumously? He stopped and looked around again, down the mountainside, up at the Falls, a sick sense of dread starting in his stomach.
“They’re staying for two weeks, John; I’m sure to see them at some point. Dinner this evening, if not before.”
If only he hadn’t sent Sherlock away from Weald House, or again only minutes before, but he’d broken his unspoken promise.
John nodded, took in Irene’s barely contained giddiness, his parents’ serene expressions, Mycroft’s ever-inscrutable visage. Then he turned to Sherlock. “I guess I’ll see you at the ceremony.”
“I’m surprised you’ve taken it upon yourself to spend so much time away from the office,” Gerrie said.
Feeling like he was about to be caught doing something he shouldn’t, Sherlock complied. Closed his eyes. Breathed deeply. But he couldn’t stop himself from flinching when John’s fingers touched his side.
“There’s no getting out from under Mycroft,” Sherlock muttered. “But a little distance goes a long way.”
“No,” Sherlock admitted. “But I was traveling too much for anything serious. And I never stopped wishing it were you.”
“You’re going to end up under the dash before long,” Sherlock remarked. “Maybe you should eat something? What did Mrs. Hudson send along?”
I’ve clearly played fast and loose with key characters from canon (the Baskervilles, Irene Adler), but I had fun adapting them, as well as introducing others such as the extended Holmes and Watson families. Of course, now that the second series is being filmed, it stands to reason that all this will soon become so much apocrypha. Some other dimension, perhaps. But if it has served to entertain in the meantime, if it has filled the gap between series, then I can count these stories a success.
“I’ve asked them to stay out for the time being.” Sherlock was peering at the sill. “Tell me, Inspector, what you make of this.”
“Hardly said hello,” Gerrie told him. “Went straight for the stables. He thinks I don’t take care of the horses; you’d think he’d come home more often to see to them himself. That’s what Jeremy is for, anyway.”
, after all, and this was the address. John’s eyes traveled along the line of the fence that bordered an expanse of what would soon be green grass, though it being early spring, everything was only just sprouting.
John grimaced and Sherlock guessed he was suffering the residual aches and pains from the recent hyperactivity of his nervous system and the subsequent muscle strain. “It will hurt for a while,” Sherlock told him. “Weeks, maybe months.”
“Against what?” John asked, his head starting to pound. He wanted to lie down again but didn’t want to make himself any more vulnerable than he already was.
Moriarty smiled at John and raised his eyebrows, leading John to believe Mycroft was far from the mark.
Patrick grinned as he accepted and pulled to standing. “No worries, mate. He’s yours. Always has been.”
“Sherlock,” John said again, a bit more sternly. He was rewarded with a turn of the head, though the eyes remained on the computer screen a little longer, and it was with obvious reluctance and effort that Sherlock unfastened his gaze from his work and directed it toward John.
John felt the corner of his mouth quirk unexpectedly, though why he found it funny he wasn’t sure. “Just surprised me was all. I will try to be back.” That much, at least, was true.
“All right.” John stood and walked toward the bathroom while Sherlock shrugged off his coat and followed.
This was no surprise to John, seeing as Harry’s driving was liable to land anyone in the vicinity in a hospital. Getting to their injured son sooner would not have been worth the risk of riding with their daughter. Though, John reasoned in a head-swimming kind of way, they would have ended up in the same place either way.
The bag went onto the bed with the other items, and Sherlock stopped to take John by the shoulders and look him in the eyes. “It’s one night. We’ve gone longer.”
“My evidence,” said Harry, “is that I’ve watched my brother go through any number of heartbreaks, but I have
“What’s the matter?” John finally asked, not because he wanted to know—he already knew—but because Sherlock so obviously wanted him to ask.
“Favorite color. Yes, I know,” John said. “You like that color that’s really dark but not navy, like the sky right before full night.”
“Was from Sherlock,” John acknowledged. “But, Eoin, even if he hadn’t come back, it never would have worked.”
Irene made a derisive sound. “Too much of a pain to keep track of. Carrying a bag is bad enough. Come on; everyone will be waiting.”
But John found himself unable to watch, so he trained his eyes on the people passing along the pavement and played a game with himself in trying to ascertain which were locals and which might be tourists.
“Hope you don’t mind that I made myself comfortable,” said Moriarty, sitting up from where he’d been stretched out on the sofa. “Here, I brought you something.”
A blanket appeared. John gently laid it over Sherlock, and for a brief moment John thought the eyes lit with comprehension before going void once more.
John glanced again at Sherlock, who hadn’t moved, and suddenly felt as if putting additional space between them wouldn’t be a bad thing. So he walked to the far end of the kitchen and took a seat. Glancing out the window, he saw something that gave him pause. “There’s a pond.”
John glanced over again but resisted the urge to reach out and touch Sherlock’s cheek. Not because it would wake him (it wouldn’t), but because, given the badly lit country road, the touchy way the Alfa Romeo drove, and John being tired, it didn’t seem wise to take a hand off the wheel.
Suddenly there was a black-and-white image thrust in front of his face. It took Sherlock a second to understand Moriarty was showing him a picture on his cell phone. John and someone Sherlock could only assume was Eoin were exiting a building. Eoin looked young, Sherlock decided; mid- to late twenties? Dark hair and eyes, about an inch shorter than John, and squarely built; “Roman gladiator” came to mind upon seeing him.
“So, John, you’re all right?” Mr. Watson asked now, and despite his dismissive tone, Sherlock noted the concern in his eyes. A good sign.
John watched with avid dislike as Patrick exited the room. “Must have been his sense of humor that drew you.”
Irene stammered to a stop, taken aback by the change in direction. “No! Of course not! I’m the one who worked to get the two of you together, in case you don’t remember.”
The name rang a bell, though John had trouble placing it. His girlfriend? Didn’t sound like a girl’s name . . .
“I can . . . Wait,” said Irene, “are you talking about leaving?” She looked at John, who returned her gaze with a sort of grim determination, then at Sherlock, whose own expression was the picture of childish mutiny. “You can’t . . .” she said, but unable to find the words to voice her concern, she merely said again, “You can’t.”
He had expected that the footage would be taken from the vacant apartment and so was momentarily surprised to discover this was not the case; the camera had evidently been somewhere beyond the foot of the bed. Feeling oddly disconnected, Sherlock tried to make sense of what he was seeing. It wasn’t possible that all six or more hours were on the disc, so how was this particular segment significant?
As John moved to follow Sherlock out, he glanced back at Mycroft and paused when caught by the man’s steely glare.
am I? Because sometimes you come in here, and . . . And then sometimes I’m doing your dishes and your laundry, and other times I don’t seem to exist at all.”
, John thought. But he merely waited silently to see if there was anything more Sherlock’s brother had to say.
“I’ll make it in the morning.” Sherlock was shrugging off his suit coat now and kicking off his own shoes. “Will you, uh, still be going back to London?”
“It’s not like I keep it here,” Mycroft went on. “It’s at my flat.” He heaved a sigh, then said, “Fine, fine. I’ll send my assistant to fetch it. But you tell Sherlock not to lose it. It may not mean much to him, but it was given to our great-great grandfather by Queen Victoria.”
As far as John knew, he didn’t own a garment bag. Or anything one would put in a garment bag. Sherlock had the same reaction, John noticed, because he hesitated before walking over to the wardrobe.
“Well, where is it going to be? And when?” Mrs. Watson was asking, her eyes darting between Sherlock and John. “We’ll need to draw up a guest list and—”
“You should be in Istanbul right now,” Mycroft told him, “and instead I’m getting reports that you are not only in the country, which we agreed was not a good idea, but you’re at Weald House.”
John glanced behind them; he could see glimpses of Weald House from between the trees that surrounded it, giving the house its name, and the roof and chimneys rising above. It was a good house, currently filled with people who drove them crazy the way only people who love you can, and John had a sudden, piercing urge to run back to it and to them. But then he looked back up the hill at Sherlock, still climbing, and had a momentary flash of panic as he remembered the last time he’d followed his lover up a steep slope, and the mistake he’d made in leaving Sherlock to finish that long walk alone.
“Sherlock must have had it sized then,” Mycroft said after a moment. “Father’s hands were larger than yours.” And with that he turned his attention back to the computer on the desk, checking that it was powered off and ready for removal.
John’s eyes moved in his flatmate’s direction, but Sherlock had gone back to staring out the window. “Sherlock went to shower and I agreed to wait up.”
Charles was of average height, John reasoned, and fit for a man of his age. He had dark eyes and hair that was going grey in a way that made him look more distinguished than old. He was dressed very well, too, so he’d clearly made something of himself in the time since his release. John was suddenly very aware that he wore only his pajamas, and rather untidy ones at that.
“Come on,” Demetria insisted, then added as an aside to the crowd, “He’s waiting for the written invitation.”
She shook her head. “I tried to stop him, but he . . . What was that French stuff you said?” she asked suddenly.
JOHN WAS NO detective, but he was able to spot the place in the road where, thanks to flattened grasses and dirt tracks on the verges, it was obvious a car had turned around. And feeling that it was only fair to make a valid effort in the task Mycroft had given him, he turned around as well to see if he could figure out where the car in question had gone. He traveled some distance in the opposite direction, thinking all the while that he was only getting farther from his destination. And why? Because Sherlock had decided to avoid his brother?
“Then what’s the castle for, if the martlet isn’t going to land on it? Never mind,” John added immediately as he pulled out his mobile phone. All their favorite places were programmed in. He stepped to the windows, not because he needed better reception but to put distance between himself and Sherlock’s scowl.
John stood there, his head tingling and a queasy sort of sick feeling crawling from his stomach to his throat.
When he came to the point at which he could see around the staircase to the entry, he first saw Mrs. Grossman holding the left forearm of a man who, in one glance John could see, was too young to be a suitor for her. He was turned toward the open door, and she was speaking earnestly to him, cajoling it seemed, but why? Something in the turn of the man’s head and the set of his shoulders gave John a brief pang, but he had become used to these moments; it wasn’t the first time a stranger had reminded him of Sherlock, and it wasn’t likely to be the last.
Sherlock removed the envelope from inside his jacket and dropped it next to Mycroft’s plate. “What is this?”
“Hm? Oh, yeah, he fell out of a boat,” John answered almost absentmindedly. He watched the skin around Charles’s eyes tighten as the man tried to see into the truth of the matter, and all at once John realized Charles thought John might have been the cause of the damage to Sherlock’s head. Which was something between absurd and infuriating. “You know Sherlock,” John added lightly. “There’s no stopping him when he gets an idea into his head.”
John’s eyes were fixed on the center of the table. “He had this way of putting his hand behind my neck . . . To stop me from drawing back, I guess.”
“And is your evidence the flowers I didn’t bring? Or the fact that I was absent for two years while John thought I was dead?” Sherlock asked her.
“Got a wicked left hook,” said Patrick with some admiration. “Would make a great asset to the field.”
He was just lifting it from the table when his cell phone rang, startling him so that he dropped it. The picture bounced off the corner of the nightstand with an audible crack. John sighed and wondered if a higher power was expressing a mute opinion. He pulled his cell phone from his jacket pocket and answered.
Though Sherlock’s eyes were still open, he had not so much as made a sound, and John paused now to look into his eyes. He received no acknowledgement and for a moment worried that it had all been in vain. But no, Sherlock was breathing, he had a pulse (weak and rapid though it was), he was sweating and shivering . . . Sherlock was in shock.
That won her a warm smile from Mrs. Watson. “You’ve been good to him, too. Better even than that one, pretending to be dead and all.”
“Something like that,” said John, and when it became clear he wasn’t going to volunteer any additional information, Dr. Matthews bid him goodnight and departed.
John hesitated. “I was on my way back to London anyway,” he reasoned. “I suppose I could look into it.”
“No,” John admitted. “But I don’t want to spend any more time apart than we already have. And I think Sherlock will do what he wants anyway, so we might as well help him.”
John watched with fascination the visible change in his companion. It was like watching a man who had been shot with an arrow pull the point from his own chest.
Irene reached over and patted his hand. “Are you sure we shouldn’t just go find you someone for a night or two and skip the museum thing?”
While Sherlock had no great love for sleeping, he sometimes found it valuable as a tool. After hitting the wall the night before, unable to locate the source of or a reason for the bird on Markham’s ring, Sherlock had opted to take a break so he could start fresh the next day. More often than not, the computer that was his brain continued to run in the background while he rested, and he could usually count on it to supply him with useful data upon waking. This morning it had not disappointed him.
But even after he understood, John could never find it in him to be upset about it. Sherlock’s goal had not been to manipulate circumstances; that night had been meant as a parting gift.
John watched her return to the library. Then he went for the stairs. They proved slick—dangerous, even—in just his socks, but he made it up without incident.
THE FOOTSTEPS WERE soft but distinct in the silence of the theater. Even Jonah had ceased to giggle, his eyes large and round as he observed the grim expressions on the others’ faces.
“JOHN. THE AMBULANCE is here.” It was said in a patient and persistent tone, and had probably been said many times over. But it wasn’t until the movement around Sherlock shifted and increased that John emerged from the blank space he seemed to be occupying. He jerked, ready to go on the defensive, then realized help had finally arrived.
Here was the point at which John stopped reading. Why on earth would Mycroft send this? John couldn’t think of any reason he should be made party to such a clearly personal missive.
A sound from the living room jolted Sherlock from his dark swirl of thought. Glancing again at John, he rose and went to the bedroom door, only to be greeted by Mrs. Hudson and her tea tray.
Sarah sighed. “I don’t even know any more. I don’t really like you, the way you use John, but you keep surprising me. And for whatever reason, John is fond of you.”
“The one that pops up when he calls,” Sherlock explained, scrolling through his list of contacts. “Here.”
“Thank you,” John mumbled to the manager as he turned from the counter. Where should he go to read it? Not here, where anyone could see him. John wasn’t sure why, but he was fairly certain he should read whatever the envelope contained in private. But he didn’t want to go back to their room, either.
He drew back then, prepared to slip away and maybe (finally!) shower, but beside him John sucked in a short, sharp breath and curled in more closely. Sherlock waited a moment before trying again, but like a blind kitten seeking its mother, John moved with him, and in the knowledge that if he moved any farther they might both fall off the bed entirely, Sherlock concluded he was trapped.
I read it in a book, something for school. Stuck with me because I never thought it was true, but . . .”
But Sherlock ignored the question. “And then you start to notice how many other cars there are on the road that are just like yours. Same make, same model, same color . . .”
Sherlock turned and looked out the window at the darkness outside. “That’s taking the long way around, isn’t it?” he murmured.
EATING HAD DEFINITELY helped, John decided. He was able to walk without feeling like he might collapse at least.
MRS. GROSSMAN LISTENED for the running water, to be followed by the stereo being played too loud. Mr. John, as she called him, was like clockwork. Once the stereo was off again, he’d be down for his breakfast and out the door for some air. He’d be back for lunch, then in the office or the library for the afternoon. She’d bring him his tea, and that was the time of day she could chat with him about goings on at the house. Sometimes it was business and sometimes it was just gossip, but he always listened, and if something needed doing, he saw it done. He was a good man, Mr. John was.
Christopher gave a low moan as Sherlock twisted back his right arm and used the belt to cinch his wrists together. “And are you very angry with me?”
“Good God, no. Home. To the only person who’s ever been able to make him behave like a civilized being.
He came to the green room and immediately noticed his jacket had been tossed onto a chair. Remembering his gun, he pulled it out of his waistband for a look. Had a round been fired? He opened the chamber and saw that, no, it was full.
“You think Anderson will discover that Whitcombe did to John what he did to me twenty years ago,” Sherlock concluded.
“You’ll need to wrap it up,” Lestrade finally said. “The team will be here in about an hour.” His eyes fell on the scrapbook Sherlock was holding, but before he could say anything, Sherlock told him, “Don’t worry; I’ll leave you out of it.”
“Not really.” And without giving Sherlock a chance to say anything more, he strode to the bathroom and slammed the door resolutely behind him.
To be fair, the pain had started more than a week before, on the twenty-fourth of April. That had been the day they’d left London.
Moriarty was crossing the room now, hands in his trouser pockets as he stopped just out of Sherlock’s reach. “How is domestic bliss for you, Sherlock?” he asked. He made a show of craning to look behind where Sherlock stood. “Not so blissful at the moment, it seems. He hasn’t been out with you much lately.”
This information nearly caused Sherlock to drop his façade. “He rides?” he asked, unable to hide his surprise.
John whipped his head to the left, where a closed door almost certainly led into the suite’s bedroom. And in front of the door stood Moriarty.
Sherlock and Mycroft were seated at a round glass table that was situated near a kitchen so shiny John was sure even the cabinets had been waxed. He almost didn’t want to sit down for fear of putting fingerprints on anything. Well, that and the expression on Mycroft’s face when he glanced up from his newspaper.
“Look at you,” Moriarty purred, and he was leaning closer now, his breath warm on Sherlock’s ear. “Analyzing the situation, examining and discarding options. They couldn’t build a more perfect computer.”
The man nodded indulgently. “Yes, yes, it’s to be expected.” He pulled a small notebook from the pocket of his suit coat, slipped the ridiculously tiny pen out of the spiral, flipped the notebook open and, after checking his watch, wrote something down.
Sherlock stepped neatly past Eoin and went to the bedside. He glanced over his shoulder to make sure Eoin had left, then took John’s hand. “You’re awake,” he accused when he detected a tiny motion in John’s fingers.
Sherlock made a point of looking at his watch. “If you don’t shower soon, we won’t have time for breakfast.”
And yet Mycroft had thought nothing of using his younger brother as a test subject for a new biological agent not so long ago, either.
Sherlock hung back and watched. Eoin had one of John’s hands folded in both of his, and Sherlock could only assume the ridiculous array of flowers on the bedside table had come with him. Lilies? Snapdragons? John liked daisies and daffodils, lilacs and tulips. Clearly this boy did not know his would-be paramour very well.
“Wait!” Irene reached for his hand, but he shook her off. “Okay,” she said, “I’ll admit it was a rare error in judgment on my part, but I just—I ran into Christopher, and he asked if I’d seen Sherl, and I thought, you know . . . But look, I had no idea what a freak he was. He’d always been so nice to me!”
John swallowed. “So . . . I go to bed still damp, and my clothes stick to me, and it’s just as bad as going to bed sweaty.”
John’s mouth fell open to protest, but Sherlock motioned for him to stay quiet. Meanwhile, there was a long moment of silence from the other side of the door. John started to think Mycroft must have just walked away, but then came from the other side of the door, “There’s breakfast. If you want any.”
Irene started walking again. “And am I supposed to feel honored by your presence? I’m sure your flatmate is so flattered that you tolerate him on a daily basis.”
The first thing John did was try texting Sherlock directly, though he wasn’t terribly surprised when there was no answer. Even if there had been, John wasn’t sure he’d have been able to trust it.
“Just me today,” Moriarty told him. “Are you sure it’s safe to let him loose on his own? Probably not any less safe than usual, given your history,” he mused without waiting for an answer. “You aren’t terribly good at looking after him, are you?” Moriarty lifted his brows and widened his smile as if a wonderful idea had just occurred to him. “Maybe he’s safer wherever he is now than he would be here.
But that brought to mind Markham’s fiancée. Madeline Dawson. Sherlock had seen the wedding announcement online, and there was surely a copy of it in the scrapbook as well. Sherlock grabbed the book and flipped through until he found it.
“Moriarty,” John supplied. “James Moriarty. He’s, I don’t know, some kind of career criminal, I suppose.”
“I think a bath might be better. If you can manage not to drown.” Charles smiled as he walked John toward the bathroom. “Probably shouldn’t go in alone.”
Irene sat back against the cushions of the booth they sat in. “Well, Christopher wasn’t, you know, famous back then. If that’s what you call it. He was just starting to get noticed when Sherl broke up with him.”
Clearly relieved, Eoin took a seat on the very edge of the chair, ready to jump up should John want or need anything. Initially, John had found his clumsy earnestness a nice change, and there had been something satisfying about knowing exactly where he stood with Eoin. That Eoin liked him was obvious, even if John wasn’t entirely sure why.
Gerrie shrugged one shoulder. “I never thought I’d see him again anyway. What’s a few more minutes? Be careful with that one, Jeremy, all my toiletries are in it. Don’t want to break a perfume bottle.”
HE’D TOLD MYCROFT to keep the house, but of course Mycroft had not been interested in anything John had to say. He’d told Gerrie to stay for as long as she wanted, and although she’d been more gracious than her surviving son, six days after they’d laid the marker at the family crypt (Sherlock’s body had not been recovered from the Falls), she had packed herself off to her sister’s home in Yorkshire, taking Jeremy with her.
John’s eyes flew open, and he gave Moriarty a questioning look as Moriarty drew back. But Moriarty’s expression only mirrored John’s surprise and confusion. And then Moriarty tilted to his right and toppled.
“No.” Sherlock neatly sliced the tape holding the flaps of the cardboard construction then pulled them open to reveal a sea of Styrofoam packing. “Oh, honestly, Irene.”
The swath of tile from the main hall transformed into the dark green rug of the library, and all at once John was so tired he wanted to lie down on the floor and take a nap. He started to fall forward, but the hands were still there, holding him, preventing him, an obstruction to blissful oblivion.
On the street, Sherlock was content to walk several steps behind his flatmate, at least until it became evident that John didn’t have any idea where he was going, that he was just blindly pushing ahead, putting distance between himself and Markham’s flat. Sherlock might have let him go, but it occurred to him there was a real chance John might only stumble into traffic, and so exerting some energy, Sherlock closed the gap between them until he was close enough to take John by the arm. When John whirled on him, seemingly prepared to swing, Sherlock readied himself to block the blow. But John stopped short, eyes wide and body trembling with the unexpended adrenaline.
“You don’t.” It was a flat and toneless statement. Sherlock picked up the framed image and frowned at it. “Only eight and already a mess,” he sighed before dropping the picture back onto the bed and returning his attention to John. “I have questions about the scene.”
John could feel Sherlock watching every movement, looking for signs that John might be glossing over the truth. And so John forced himself to stay still, despite how fidgety the scrutiny made him.
Sarah realized then that John had finished and was now just staring at Sherlock, who had finally fallen asleep, it seemed. She studied John’s face for a moment and found in it the expression of a man who had begun to understand something—probably the very thing Sarah herself had known for a while, the reason she’d held John at a distance despite liking him very much.
Sherlock waved the idea aside. “Henry’s gun? It’s at the bottom of the pond by now.” He pressed his palms together and brought the married index fingers to his lips as he considered.
Sherlock felt as if his stomach were sinking to his knees. He mentally ran through any number of excuses, ways to avoid this, but was keenly aware of John’s eyes on him. So with an aggrieved sigh, Sherlock slid back down. Closed his eyes. Breathed deeply. And tried to think of something, anything but the soft hand that was daubing lotion down his left side.
Of course, they’d opted to hold the ceremony on the east lawn, just as John had originally envisioned; hopefully the weather would cooperate. It was to be on the last day of July, and historically (John knew because he’d looked it up) the area did not usually get rain on that day. There were tents and a false floor for the dinner and reception, but the ceremony itself would be under the open sky.
“Well, but they both care about you, so . . . You want some help?” John had started to stand, but his body was still not fully cooperating, and he’d been forced to sit again.
“He doesn’t seem very happy,” Gerrie remarked. She eyed her son speculatively. “And what do you make of it? What are these Watsons like?”
“She didn’t really look,” John told him. “In fact, at one point she said she couldn’t. That’s when I had to pick up the gun to show her.”
“We weren’t peeking through the windows for God’s sake,” Mycroft growled, and Sherlock knew this was the closest his brother ever came to admitting an oversight. “Irene called me when he overdosed.”
SHERLOCK HAD NOT been in the car two minutes before his phone rang and Mycroft was shouting. Or as close to shouting as he ever came.
As he dressed, John fleetingly thought of his parents’ arrival, and it occurred to him that he ought to at least go up and see what Irene had done to the third floor. It had been the nursery and nanny’s quarters, long disused, though a room over the gallery had been made into a sort of conservatory, complete with dusty grand piano and a smattering of other instruments and sheaves of old sheet music. Like the gallery directly below it, it was a long room, and John wondered if that was where parties had been held. Assuming they’d ever been held at Weald House.
Chloe sniffed in contempt, and John fled to the library, which is where he was when Sir Henry Baskerville arrived.
On the right was the portrait of the last Holmes family member to own the house, a young man of about twenty standing in front of the portico, a horse behind him, the reins in his hand. And to the left of that was the portrait of Mr. John, also in front of the portico, him leaning against one of the columns, but on the other side, so that when viewed next to one another the two paintings made a full picture.
“Think about it, John. It’s the oldest reason in the book; he wants to reintroduce old holdings into the family’s current property.”
Gerrie turned back to her guest. “Now, John, have a biscuit; I know you must be hungry after driving all the way out here.”
“Yes. And I wasn’t even planning to spend my life with you.” Irene tossed the rag on the floor and turned for the door. “Well, I’m going to see John whether you’re coming or not.”
sides. Irene was as chipper as ever, and Mrs. Grossman was ridiculously happy about the whole affair. The locals, too, after overcoming the shock of Sherlock’s miraculous return; John, Sherlock and Irene had invitations to dinner at least once a week, more often two or three. And to John’s surprise, Sherlock almost always agreed and was incredibly charming to everyone. John could only guess that Weald House had become boring for Sherlock, and that these dinners were brief alleviations.
Seeing no other option, John turned and slid to the side of the bed, though he continued to glare at his flatmate. But once perched on the edge, John didn’t trust his legs enough to bear his weight if he rose.
Mycroft looked up at his younger brother for a long moment before answering, “Be careful, Sherlock. I suspect there’s more to this than you know.”
“Mmm,” said Sherlock from where he stood at one of the windows. It was the room’s saving grace that it was at the corner of the house and had windows on two sides. “You’ll want to use this bathroom,” he said, pointing to a door.
Anderson’s eyes traveled across the room to where Irene stood holding her own cup. She gave an apologetic shrug. “I didn’t know how long you guys would be, so I figured I couldn’t just leave him outside.”
Irene met him at the far end of the gallery and they made their way upstairs to make a quick circuit before leaving. “It’s all wired to the hilt,” Irene said as they walked down Fifth Avenue. “Even if we get ourselves locked in, the motion detectors and cameras, never mind the security guards . . .”
“Wait,” said Sarah suddenly. She took a deep breath. “Look, I know you saw John through his being ill, but you didn’t have to, you know, do it alone. What I’m trying to say is, I really wish you had called me . . .”
“Oh, are you made of spun sugar? Will you melt?” Elyse asked as she stood and marched out of the room.
The sound of footsteps started as faint, coming from somewhere at the back of the house and getting steadily louder. Gerrie closed her eyes and shook her head, the picture of parental disappointment. “He’s left his boots on.”
John wanted to ask Sherlock why he’d moved at all but felt like the answer should have been obvious. Though he would have liked to hear Sherlock articulate his reasons. Instead he said, “If you’ll lie back, I’ll just check—”
“No. You really don’t. You’re brilliant, after all; you’ll find it on your own.” And, turning back the way they’d come, John started back to the house.
“What are you—?” John asked incredulously. He grabbed a fistful of the curtain that had been pushed against the wall and yanked it along the track in the ceiling to shield the bed from the door in case anyone should walk in. “Don’t fiddle with it, just get dressed.”
“Okay, fine, wires then,” Irene said. “However you want to look at it, it’s going to take some work.” She hesitated, peering up at Sherlock’s somber expression as they walked. “How are you handling it?”
John groaned and walked heavily up the rest of the way to the flat. Where did this leave him, then? With a would-be girlfriend who thought he was involved with his flatmate, and a flatmate who was involved in God only knew what.
Striding across the room, Sherlock fished his ivory-handled penknife from his pocket, ignoring John’s expression of surprise as he passed. Grabbing the picture from where it leaned against the wall, Sherlock turned it around and sliced open the paper backing, then ripped the backing off completely, revealing the watercolor sketch they’d been looking for.
John coughed a laugh at the mental image the suggestion produced, then grimaced. “Don’t. It hurts worse when I laugh.”
“No, I mean,” John said, using his index finger to indicate the two of them, “we shouldn’t do this.” And when Sherlock only frowned uncomprehendingly, John explained, “You’re used to more . . . sophisticated . . .”
Eyeing the chair with suspicion, Sherlock sat again. “Shall we see what’s on the telly?” he asked John. Sherlock had never had much use for most programming outside of news and the occasional scientific documentary, but John liked television, often fell asleep while watching it. So Sherlock took the remote attached to John’s bed and aimed it at the set that was bolted high on the wall, flipping until he found a match of some sort that looked like the kind of thing John would enjoy. Then he settled back (taking care not to set the chair off again) and closed his eyes.
“John, are you . . .?” But Sherlock’s voice trailed as he spied the gash in John’s side. His eyes tracked up to the deeper penetrating wound in John’s opposite shoulder, the blistering skin on the back of John’s neck. “Dear God, what did he do?”
“Christ, John, it’s not a love token.” Sherlock pulled off the ring and chucked it across the room, where it bounced against the wall and fell with a resounding clink into the large Grecian urn that stood in the corner. “Feel better?”
And now Sherlock found himself back where they’d started, or nearly. John had been going to examine him the night they’d last quarreled. And while this wasn’t exactly a fight, if letting John check his ribs kept his flatmate happy, Sherlock was determined to endure it.
“Joseph looks a bit like Lumley,” said John almost wistfully, and this time it was Sherlock’s turn to give his companion a strange look.
“And what should I do? Put on a bathrobe, curl up on the sofa and cry for a week? That wouldn’t accomplish anything.”
“SHERLOCK!” IRENE CALLED as he strolled down the hallway, headed for the kitchen and on from there to the stables. He momentarily considered walking faster, then decided he would only pay dearly for it later. So he stopped and backed up to where Irene stood in the dining room.
SHERLOCK HAD A rudimentary knowledge of architecture, more in keeping with the physics involved than anything broader, and he had little use for history. Which meant he had no little amount of work ahead of him if he were going to figure out what Markham had been hiding and why the Martlets wanted it.
Harry’s eyes narrowed. “There can’t be that many Sherlocks in the world, much less that my brother knows.”
John sighed and went to his room, kicking the door shut behind him as he pulled off his jumper. He was turning toward his chest-of-drawers when something on his bed caught his eye. He stopped and picked it up.
“I love you, actually,” John said and was gratified to see Sherlock’s shoulders relax. Had he been worried that John’s answer might be different? “It’s just . . . Christopher was a model, and Patrick dresses like one, and I . . .” John looked down at his old jeans and faded shirt. “I’m not and I don’t.”
John tried to shake his head, but it felt as if his brain had begun to liquefy and was sloshing inside his skull.
Sherlock positioned himself and looked at the windows again. John, meanwhile, tried not to stare at the accumulation of wounds on the detective’s torso.
“Made you something for the drive,” Mrs. Hudson went on, stepping forward to offer John the cooler. “And don’t worry about the flat; I’ll keep it right and tight for you. Will it be a long trip?”
Mrs. Grossman appeared unaware of the entendre. “Must have worked up an appetite with all that exercise,” she said. “You should probably go clean up in any case. Can’t come to the table smelling of the stables, and Miss Adler said Mr. John’s parents called to say they would be here within the hour.”
“I’ll show you,” John offered, but Mycroft’s eyes cut back at him in a way that John swore he could feel physically, like the edge of a piece of paper slicing across his chest.
John sat back on his heels as his mind did some rapid backtracking. He’d brought his gun, of course, in the event he might need it. But it had remained in his jacket, and his jacket was currently . . . where? Had he hung it up in the closet? Tossed it over a chair? In any case, it was almost certainly either in his room or Sherlock’s.
“It’ll be faster and easier if I do. By the way, don’t pack your mobile; we’ll pick up new ones later.”
When he could no longer stand it, John walked over and removed the bread from the toaster before it could burn. “Are you sure you don’t want something more substantial?” he asked. “I’ll order something in if you’re hungry.
The question pulled John out of his tangential musing. “Fiver?” he echoed. “He was a lad in our brigade. We called him that because he was always so nervous, so sure we were all going to die.”
But John was waiting again, patient as always, and Sherlock owed him an answer. He glanced away again before speaking, though, to spare himself whatever reaction John was likely to have. “Moriarty told me.”
Ah, well, it was done. Sherlock could return it on their way out of town if he wanted. John wasn’t sure what town they were in any more; they’d looped back to Brussels the first night and been in Luxembourg after that. They’d darted into and out of France, mainly sticking to less traveled roads before ending up in larger cities by nightfall. For someone who’d been so keen to go to Switzerland, Sherlock was taking his time in getting there.
Eoin sighed. “It’s terrible, isn’t it?” he asked earnestly. “He was . . . attacked! In his flat! I didn’t even know he was in town,” he added mournfully.
Included in Lestrade’s notes were riddles left at the scenes that had, in hindsight, indicated the next city to be hit, though which museum in those cities seemed to remain a mystery. But Sherlock saw clearly now how Lestrade could conjecture that New York would be next. (And also why Lestrade had been so desperate for help, given that riddles were something of a specialty for Sherlock, and it was obvious Lestrade and his team had thus far not been fast enough or smart enough to stop the perpetrator(s).)
The door was ajar, and when John peeked in he saw Elyse still sat in the chair, though now she sat bolt upright, her hands clenched on the seat.
The doctor appeared something between uncertain and annoyed as she looked to John for confirmation. He gave a short nod and she relaxed. “If you’ll come with me,” she said.
For a split second, John was resentful at having been placed in such a no-win situation. Why couldn’t he have a normal co-tenant? Someone who ate on a regular basis, knew how to do laundry, didn’t set things on fire or store body parts in the icebox?
John had no idea what Sherlock was talking about, and all at once he was too tired to care. He tossed aside the paper and said, “I’m going to bed.”
JOHN TRIED TO think quickly and clearly as he headed back down to the waiting area. He wanted more than anything to be able to take Sherlock back to London, but that desire was at full and open war with his better sense. Because, while Sherlock had made it sound so simple and easy, the minute John had stepped out of his hospital room, it had been as if a spell had broken.
“Yes, well, as far as I knew, you were dead and no amount of wishing was going to change that.” Realizing how harsh he sounded, he stopped. Took a deep breath. “With Eoin I was just trying to construct something as close to normal as I felt I was ever going to get.”
“I don’t think they represent anything,” Sherlock informed him, “except damage done getting me from the cab to the suite.”
Sherlock jerked his hand loose, phone and all, and Christopher slapped him, momentarily stunning his ex. “I’ll do it again if you don’t stop me,” Christopher challenged.
“Anywhere but here.” Sherlock craned his head around the open door and listened. In the entry, a woman whose dark hair was pulled into a bun was wiping up the marble flooring; she shot Sherlock a glare but didn’t say anything.
Still slightly uneasy, John didn’t argue. Why spoil a nice evening by having a row over something so trivial?
“Get Mrs. Hudson, too. She’s probably still awake, on the phone and gossiping about what happened at the ceremony.”
Sherlock pictured the bloodstained rug and ruined chair, undesirable souvenirs of a horrific afternoon. Much as he hated it, Mycroft was correct as usual. Still, he looked speculatively at the chair in which he sat.
“Well, maybe, but Sherl loves games, so that’s not a bad thing. Or maybe you’re, I don’t know, some kind of support system, a backup drive or something. Anyway, right now he needs to . . . to plug in, connect with someone.”
JOHN PACED UNTIL Sherlock pushed open the door, Lestrade behind him. “You’re wearing tracks in the rug,” Sherlock said.
SHERLOCK’S EYES OPENED. But unlike a computer coming out of sleep mode, this felt more like a cold reboot, slow and deliberate as he scrolled through a virtual menu of his surroundings. He was exhausted, but in a good way, having indulged in at least three things he often denied himself: food, sleep and . . .
The decision was made for him when Irene looked up, saw John, and fell into a fresh spate of sobs. “The hydrangeas are too pink!” she wailed.
“Hm? Oh, it’s not—” John silently damned whatever it was in him that caused him to blush so readily. “That one,” he decided all at once.
If John had been an impulsive man, he might have crossed the room, grabbed Sherlock, and dragged him off to bed without any hesitation. He wanted to. And there was something to be said for positive reinforcement.
“Have you ever found yourself under a waterfall, John?” Moriarty asked as he returned with the steaming kettle.
Irene got her bag and Sherlock saw her into a cab before opting to walk a bit to aid his thinking. He had much to work out before Irene strong-armed him into fraternizing with her friends, and the sooner he unknotted things the sooner he’d have John back at his side. Which was where the good doctor surely belonged.
In the distance he could see a line of clouds, surely bringing the rain Sherlock had predicted was coming.
“I think we’ll be able to find a use for that,” Moriarty told John with a wink as he knotted the last of the rope around John’s ankles then ever so slowly stood again and turned toward the kitchenette.
“Nonsense,” Gerrie declared. “Can’t let him have his way by acting like that. Now come along to the kitchen and we’ll see if we can’t find Chloe. She’s not going to be very happy when she sees the mess Sherlock’s made with those boots . . .” She steered John down the hall, past the staircase, toward the back of the house until they came to a room where the red brick had not been plastered over and a large fireplace still dominated one wall. The rest, however, had been updated with stone countertops, distressed wood cabinetry, and shiny appliances.
“Here. With me,” said John. He glanced down the long row of stalls. Although many had tenants, either present or out for exercise, there were at least three that stood empty on a regular basis. One of which was used to store extra hay so that Tim didn’t have to go up to the loft as often. “We could go for a ride,” John suggested meaningfully.
The woman handed him the envelope. “There is someone—the hotel, someone who needs—” She made an indecipherable gesture.
Irene shot Sherlock an I-told-you-so look as John entered and began examining the various pastries. “This one is nice,” he said, stopping in front of a Wedgwood blue confection with lacy white designs.
“Why not? He does it to us all the time.” Sherlock opened the kit and selected a tool. “You’d think he’d have better security,” he said as he bent to the knob.
“You want your medicine,” Charles said knowingly. He smiled and his eyes flashed in a way that made the hair on John’s arms and neck stand on end.
Sherlock’s brain shifted into overdrive. Based on the décor, he was either in a hotel or a flat that had been rented out as furnished. The gaps in the drapes didn’t give him enough of a view to know where he was exactly in terms of the city, but he could guess by the height of the slivers of buildings he could make out that he was at least four stories up, possibly more. And there was someone (and of course he knew who, but acknowledging it seemed like admitting defeat somehow) behind him that he could not turn and see without lynching himself.
be rushed,” Moriarty said fiercely, dropping his easygoing attitude. “If you don’t want to end up like Markham, you should be working as tirelessly as any Martlet.”
“Right,” John said slowly. “It doesn’t really require that much concentration. I buy them in packs; they’re all the same.”
“Because Sherl is a stress ball, in case you haven’t noticed! And if there’s one thing Christopher was good for, it was . . . that.”
Sherlock continued to stand awkwardly beside the bed. At length he asked haltingly, “Do you want me to call Sarah?”
Sherlock’s visage, meanwhile, morphed from angry and offended to something akin to uncertain and perhaps wary as John stared him down. In Sherlock’s mind they had been playacting, John doing a remarkably fine job of it, but something had changed in these past moments, something that had his heart skipping again even though he couldn’t quite identify the reason.
And for the first time ever, John witnessed Mycroft at a complete loss. Though if any person on the planet could test the limits of a gentleman’s patience and good manners, John supposed it would be Irene. “It’s . . .” Mycroft began, but that was as far as he managed to get; he turned his frown on the bear, seeming to blame it for his inability to produce a suitable response.
Benjamin Markham and his as-yet unnamed companion bore a notable likeness to Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
“You must at least know who he is!” said John. “A letter like that . . . This man is in jail by the sound of things, and you and your brother had something to do with it.”
He didn’t realize he’d stepped in front of Sherlock until the detective said grimly from behind him, “We should go.”
He’d narrowed it down at least. After taking into account everything he knew about Sherlock—the way he dressed (well but not overstated), his watch (expensive but not flashy), his furniture (elegant but not ornate)—John was relatively certain he could find the right ring.
“Lestrade is a detective inspector. You could just go out there,” John suggested, hoping to get rid of her.
“We’re dining at Corring tomorrow evening,” she said. “Can the two of you behave yourselves in company?”
“Just—” Sherlock strode over and mussed John’s hair, then ran a firm thumb over John’s lips while compressing his own. After undoing the two topmost buttons of his shirt, Sherlock flung himself onto the sofa, pulling John down next to him.
Sherlock trailed dutifully after her throughout the rest of the downstairs without any further outbursts, and at last they came to the kitchen, at which point Mrs. Grossman instructed him to have a seat while she put on some tea.
Sherlock was glancing around as if expecting his footwear to materialize. “You forgot them, didn’t you?”
“Don’t be stupid, Jonah,” Tamzen snapped as she picked up the tweed suit and went to rehang it. “He’s obviously just minor nobility trying to see the world except his family won’t let him go anywhere. Why else would he need a disguise?”
Mrs. Watson swooped in for a hug, and Mr. Watson offered a hearty pat on the back. Irene gave John a squeeze as well, all too aware of Sherlock’s narrowed eyes burrowing into her. Mycroft nodded in curt acknowledgement.
Now, though, John remained outside the building and found himself not sure where to direct his gaze. He didn’t want to gawk, curious though he was. So he studied the face of the angel across from him, only to find himself unnerved by its return stare.
“Think about it long enough, John, and I feel you’ll come to a reasonable conclusion. Do you have enough for your notes?”
The trembling was getting worse, and even lying down was a chore. The strange dichotomy of the situation, John learned, was that his limbs simultaneously felt heavy and yet refused to be still. He tried to concentrate on the medical aspects of his condition, on his nervous system’s reawakening and how it was a good thing, though he found it difficult to remain centered mentally when his body was cramping and spasming.
“You could try hospitals,” John offered when Sherlock didn’t say anything. “Sherlock shot him in the shoulder.”
John watched Sherlock fumble with the cotton buds and the container designed to hold them once the sample was taken. “You’re shaking,” he observed.
John only shook his head again. “I want to tape his ribs, sew up a couple of the deeper lacerations. Can you set up an exam room while I go get him?”
Sherlock started to smile, and it was like the sun coming out on a cloudy day. But before John could benefit from the full warmth of it, it faded and Sherlock turned toward the guests as a commotion sounded.
“I didn’t say anything because I didn’t want to give you more to worry about. I wanted to protect you.”
“One thing at a time, Sherlock,” Mycroft told him. “If you try to worry about everything at once, you’ll only paralyze yourself. You taught me that.”
A few minutes later, Lestrade returned looking pale and slightly ill as he resumed his earlier seat. It was a cliché to say these things never got easier, but clichés were born of truths. “Sherlock,” he said, “I’m sorry.”
“Sherlock. Dog prints.” John bent for a closer look. The path was gravel, but there was mud on either side.
“Well it’s a safe bet no one will bother them, isn’t it?” John finished slipping on his trainers. “Where might I find my car?”
“No. Thank you,” Sherlock answered brokenly. All at once he felt rusty, as if he’d been living as a hermit and forgotten how to deal with people.
But whether it was the screaming—which John was only just beginning to hear over the pounding of his own heart—or John’s expression, Sherlock seemed to notice something was wrong. He looked down at himself and made a strange sort of mewling noise as he realized he’d been shot.
“Of course you’re not, but it needs to look like you did,” said Sherlock. “That side. I always sleep by the windows.”
Sherlock moved faster than John would have believed possible given his condition. He leapt out of the bed and threw himself against the door, locking it.
But then she saw that Sherlock sensed something was off as well. His eyes opened a fraction, observed John’s grim expression, and closed again. Then he said something she couldn’t hear, and John registered surprise before cracking a smile as he prepared to move on to sewing up the worst of the lacerations.
A few minutes later, Lestrade joined Sherlock, taking a seat next to him. Sherlock didn’t look at him, however; his eyes continued to fly all over the room, absorbing information as he worked to distract himself. “See that woman?” he asked Lestrade. “She’s just discovered her boyfriend’s drug habit. And that couple—”
No use wracking his brain over it; that had been the week he’d seen John through drug withdrawal. Nothing else had been on Sherlock’s radar during that time.
Sherlock wanted to snarl with impatience. “Of what interest is that to me? Or you? Idiot addicts overdose every day.”
After ruling out strawberry because Harry was allergic and raspberry because it upset Mycroft’s stomach (not that he needed to be eating cake, but Sherlock reasoned he probably would have some anyway), and agreeing that buttercream would be better than cream cheese for the icing, they settled on a peaches-and-cream cake that would be decorated white-on-white to reduce the “doily effect” but still satisfy John’s sense of style. Though at the end of it, the person who appeared to be most pleased was Irene.
Only the briefest of pauses in Sherlock’s action gave away the fact that this statement had made an impact. “Really? Why?”
“Okay, children,” Irene announced, “play nice. He’s got enough going on without you bickering.” She looked to Sherlock. “Is that what they call it here?”
Sherlock did a rapid calculation. He could leave and come back later, when none of John’s family was around. That would be the least complicated resolution. But Sherlock couldn’t deny his curiosity, and it seemed only fair that, since John was acquainted with the Holmes clan (a number of whom had attended the funeral, Mycroft had reported to Sherlock’s great satisfaction), Sherlock get a look at the Watsons. So after only the briefest hesitation, Sherlock entered the room.
Sherlock gave a huff of impatience. “His name is John, he’s my flatmate, and he’s in trouble because of me.”
He looked to Sherlock, who was still frowning as Lestrade accepted handcuffs from one of Mycroft’s security people. But John’s eyes were drawn to the bright red flower whose petals were slowly opening across Sherlock’s chest.
He’d finally taken the ring off this past January, had debated mailing it back to Mycroft but hadn’t made it that far yet. For now it remained in its box in the table beside John’s bed at Baker Street. He kept meaning to remove it to Sherlock’s old room and put it with everything that was stored there (all the things he still needed to sort through), but he only ever remembered when he was somewhere else.
Sherlock made no move to do as Moriarty suggested, instead setting the ring box atop the scrapbook. “You work for them.”
“Eoin shouldn’t have called you,” said John, working to stay awake. “I’m fine; there was no reason to worry.”
The instruction had the desired effect; Sherlock’s mask slipped and his expression sharpened as he tried to read John’s intentions, but John stayed resolutely stony. This was, when dealing with Sherlock, the equivalent of being on higher ground.
They sat in silence for some minutes, and Stuart hesitantly approached the table with the take away box. “Thank you, Stuart,” Sherlock said absently.
“No, it isn’t,” Irene agreed, her heels clack-clacking as she took two steps for every one of Sherlock’s long strides. “But he was right about the math. And he does still love you. It’s just—you’re going to have to pull some weeds.”
John’s tone had been conversational, but Sherlock sensed he was in danger of having the ground fracture beneath him, that whatever he said next would be the weight in the scales. And there was much Sherlock could say—about New York or Irene, or even about Charles and what had happened to John—but he opted to throw out what he considered to be the only pertinent fact regarding his trip. “I went there to burglarize a museum.”
But he would need to have some kind of relationship with them. Better it be a polite one, Sherlock supposed. And as John did not appear to be very close to them (though they seemed not to have noticed), it might yet be possible to keep them at arm’s length.
“HAMPSTEAD,” JOHN REPORTED a short time later. He took a seat on the sofa. “The owner isn’t in residence; he’s been contacted and is sending someone to open the house and check that the lily hasn’t been disturbed.”
“Okay,” said Irene, determined now to make John understand. “Let’s go back to the computer thing. You know how some stuff is wireless? That’s how Sherl deals with people; he doesn’t connect. They’re more like equations to him. He solves them and moves on.
Sherlock turned to him, and freed of his stare, Irene walked hastily to the door. Hesitated. “Are you coming back to Kensington later?”
John tried not to let Sherlock’s impatience sting him. “About there,” he answered, pointing a little to the right of where Sherlock stood.
Laying the suit out on the bed, he opened his bag and started digging past the few familiar items and a number of unfamiliar ones as well. (What were those? Silk pajamas? How could it possibly matter what he slept in?) He was rewarded when he found a shiny pair of shoes at the bottom. The left shoe had dress socks neatly inserted into it.
Sherlock stopped on the threshold when he saw John, his eyes immediately falling on the needles in John’s hand. But as John mentally readied for an argument, Sherlock only looked away and said, “You’re up late.”
“I know Chloe went over to Corring and had a fight with Henry this morning,” Sherlock told her. “Were you involved?”
He was sweating again and suddenly had the urge to take a shower. Yes, and put on clean clothes and climb into a freshly made bed. He even got so far as to roll himself to the edge of the mattress, though he couldn’t figure out how to get his feet under him from there. All he’d managed to do was get himself cocooned in the sheet. It was like a terrible trap; the more he tried to work his way back out of it, the tighter it held him.
“We all know where you live, John,” Irene said. “You’re not going underground. You might as well have some fun.” She pulled the bear free and handed the empty bag to him.
John shivered again. “Cold?” the man asked. He wrote something else down then bent over to look into John’s eyes, which made John want to laugh again.
Moving slowly, not wanting to draw attention to himself, John placed the reliquary on Mycroft’s desk. He glanced uncertainly at Sherlock and recognized in the set jaw, clenched fists and heaving chest the symptoms of a man struggling to keep a leash on his temper. John decided to step in with a question of his own.
THEY DISCOVERED THAT hay was not necessarily the ideal form of bedding, given its tendency to stick, but they didn’t let it stop them. And in the end, as they lay utterly covered in straw, John said, “I hope we didn’t scare the horses.”
“Nothing. They do seem fine. Your lacerations are healing up nicely, too. I’ll get some lotion to help reduce the scarring.”
“I think it may be time to get you out of the flat,” said John. They’d spent the past six weeks more or less at home, though John had visited the clinic for Sherlock’s medication, and had even brought him in for additional x-rays. And of course John had done some shopping, though they still ordered take away more often than they cooked.
There was a moment of silence before Sherlock allowed some of his impatience to show. “And where did you put it?”
“But Mycroft’s assistant stopped you,” Sherlock deduced. “I’d say she has a soft spot for John, but it’s much more likely she was afraid of what my brother would do if he found out.”
Sherlock looked at her as if she’d gone mad, but she only gestured vaguely behind John’s back in a way Sherlock couldn’t interpret. He looked a question at her, which only caused her to gesture more emphatically.
“You can always go home,” Sherlock finally said, though he didn’t mean it. John wouldn’t be safe at home; he’d merely be bait. But Sherlock was banking on John refusing, though the manner of that refusal surprised him.
“You seem to be healing up well,” said Sarah. “And how are you doing otherwise?” When all she received was a blank stare, she asked, “How do you feel?”
“She took your gun and threatened him,” Sherlock said, “though Elyse insists Chloe never honestly planned to go through with shooting him. Henry saw through Chloe’s bluff. He dismounted and advanced on her, came to stand right in front of her, knowing she wouldn’t pull the trigger. Probably grabbed the barrel of your gun and held it to his chest, taunting her . . .” He was staring out the windows again, squinting a little as if he could see the events unfolding.
His rusty textbook French didn’t serve, so John resorted to his phone’s web browser. The quote was from
“I’ll take him over to Corring Hall,” Jeremy said, climbing back onto the seat. “You can ride Brandywine back to Weald House; I expect Miss Baskerville and Mrs. Holmes would be glad of your support.”
“Anything you want to say to me you can certainly say in front of John,” said Sherlock. When Charles only raised his brows, Sherlock added, “He’s seen the one letter you sent; he knows enough not to be surprised by anything you might want to tell me.”
John threw off the blanket and sat up. “Why am I even listening to you?” he wondered. “Where’s Sarah? I should be talking to Sarah, not you.”
John pulled open the door. Froze as he realized something about it wasn’t right. Then opened it the rest of the way.
Sherlock was very aware that most of the attention in the small and crowded room was now focused on him.
John sighed and rolled onto his back. Sherlock had switched gears now; he was focused on the case and there would be no deterring him. “I don’t know,” he said. “I noticed the hand, how it was clutching . . . And then I saw the lines or something. On the ring finger.”
, John told himself, though he suspected this wasn’t true at all, and after what might have been minutes or as much as an hour, he finally got up the nerve to go knock on Sherlock’s door.
The gun John should have used on Moriarty the night before, damn his lack of wits at the time. The least John could do now would be to bring it to Sherlock’s aid in case he had need of it. He pulled his jacket down and slipped it on, then opened the door only to find himself face-to-face with Mycroft Holmes.
Something akin to panic caused his heart to flutter momentarily, but he pushed the feeling down, even as he felt the mattress shift as someone sat behind him, leaned close, and the words were whispered in his ear: “Shhh. Fighting will only make it worse.”
Sherlock felt his chest constrict and his throat tighten. He’d been so busy worrying about how terrible this would be for John, he hadn’t considered it might also be awful for himself. He leaned over the bed. “What is it, John? What do you need?”
“The gaps in the drapes aren’t arbitrary,” said Sherlock, his voice thick with something akin to horror. “They’re aligned with the windows across the street. Someone was watching.”
“Do you remember when you were eight?” Mycroft asked abruptly. Sherlock gave a small shake of his head, though whether this meant he didn’t remember or didn’t want to talk about it was unclear. “You told us you wanted to be a saint,” Mycroft went on. “Mummy was terrified you were going to nail yourself to something, or set yourself on fire or some such.”
“Yes, Doctor,” John replied obediently as she left. He sat there a minute, eyeing the mattress speculatively. Despite the weight of fatigue that was falling over him, the bed didn’t appear very inviting.
Sherlock felt as if ice were forming around his internal organs. “What are you talking about, Irene?”
John sighed. “You know what? Fine. I will stop trying to help you.” He tossed the wipe and the tweezers back into the kit, snapped it shut and stood.
John exited the library and walked slowly toward the entry. “Sherlock went for a ride,” he offered, working to keep his voice neutral.
Irene shook her head. “But Sherl’s told me about her. She used to send him to his room without supper whenever he misbehaved. But it backfired; instead of behaving, he just got used to not eating.”
Yes, oh yes, something wonderful and terrible. But Sherlock shook his head once more, managed a husky, “No.”
A lot indeed, John reflected. The childhood photograph Sherlock’s mother had given John had been taken when Sherlock was eight. And— “The year Mycroft said you wanted to become a saint.”
“Is that rope knotted around the post?” Lestrade asked as he turned to inspect what Sherlock had found.
“But that will ruin—” Irene began, but Sherlock was already gone. “The wedding night,” she finished to herself with a sigh.
“You found the guest bed,” a voice said from the doorway, making Sherlock jump again. He turned to see a heavy-set, cheerful-looking nurse smiling widely at him. “I won’t lie to you and tell you it’s comfortable, but it works in a pinch. There are pillows and blankets in the closet over there.”
John had done that before, of course, and it usually led to trouble. He glanced uneasily at Sherlock, who rewarded him with lifted brows and a half smile.
Even as he left the flat, John was still debating whether he’d go over to Whitehall. Maybe he’d just go see Sarah instead. They’d been spending more time together, which had been . . . nice. A little . . . normal, he supposed, but wasn’t normal supposed to be a good thing? And though Sarah insisted on taking things painfully slowly, John had the notion it would all be worth the time he was investing. Eventually.
“He’s over here,” she said, striding past. They were in a clearing, most of the grass dead, though pale green shoots were beginning to show. But not more than five meters away was a stand of trees. “That’s Corring Chase,” Elyse informed John. “I’m guessing that’s where Henry was headed, but he never made it.”
“Is he still recovering?” Lestrade asked. “Mrs. Hudson said the two of you were finally up and about.”
Sherlock shrugged. “It’s not as if this were ever going to get painted. Not as is, anyway; there’s too much wrong with it. Markham appears to have made himself Saint Simeon, but Simeon was very aged.” Sherlock paused. “He was said to have died the following day.”
His eyes fell on the bedside table. It was lovely, really, made of dark wood and with a little drawer that didn’t look big enough to hold much of anything. A book maybe.
And then John’s eyes fell on the hand, the man’s left hand, held immobile by Mrs. Grossman’s determined grasp on his arm, and John’s vision went cloudy and grey around the edges.
“It will depend on what Anderson finds, won’t it?” answered Lestrade. “Though Whitcombe’s past dealings with you could certainly go to motive.”
John waited until he was relatively sure Mycroft was gone, then demanded, “Why did you tell him we weren’t dressed?”
“You look very natty,” Sherlock told him, “aside from the fact that you also look sick to your stomach. Feeling all right?”
Mycroft sighed, set down his fork and picked up the envelope. He removed the letter and skimmed it. “It’s an initiation letter,” he said and set it aside once more.
“I’ll catch up with you in a bit then,” John told him as he refolded the note and returned it to its envelope.
“Are you all right?” Lestrade asked, and John realized his expression had probably tipped the inspector off.
“I got lucky. I thought I was going to die but I didn’t. I landed on an outcropping. Broke a couple bones, but at least my neck remained intact.”
“Well, but don’t—” John began, but Sherlock was already gone, and so he finished by talking to himself, “get your tapes wet. Or we could just redo them. That’s fine too.”
Gerrie swept in just as John was stepping out of the pantry. “John, please, he has Elyse cornered in the library.”
SHERLOCK FELT THE binding around his neck slacken. “Better?” Moriarty asked. Sherlock didn’t bother to answer. “Here, look at me,” Moriarty went on, and when Sherlock refused, Moriarty wrenched his chin to his left. “Let me see those pretty eyes of yours. I want to witness the precise moment the light goes out of them.”
“This might take a while,” said the girl. “We were just going to go get some coffee if you’d like to come.”
Sherlock pushed a little closer to him on the bed. “Like fresh cut grass,” he murmured. “Like clean air on a winter’s night.”
The whole case seemed to be affecting John, though, not just the ring. John was a soldier; he was no ninny. So what about this particular case disturbed him so much? The easy answer was the fact that Markham and Lumley resembled Sherlock and John, but any number of people in the world had dark hair or tans or were tall and so forth, so there had to be more to it than that.
“It’s not an equation!” Irene shouted, and around them fellow diners stopped to look. “It’s not even—I mean, if you absolutely need a metaphor, then it’s chemistry. Okay? It’s about how you feel when you’re near him. Or, or—biology. How your bodies react to one another. I don’t know!” she finally exploded. “God, you make talking to you so much damn work!”
“He’ll get over that, too,” John said, “though it might take a while.” Sherlock, he knew, could hold a grudge, at least until the point it became convenient to release it, and personal slights were a particularly sore spot. But he liked to think something greater in his lover would be able to put whatever had been said aside for the sake of a deep and abiding friendship. “You’re his closest friend, his best friend—”
John paused in his task and gave Sherlock an odd look. “Marry me, then,” he said, flinging a t-shirt over his shoulder and half wondering if he would need his jacket. It had been warm the day before, but there was no better way to carry his gun.
Sarah had the look of someone who found herself holding a parcel from a posh store but wasn’t sure how she’d been talked into buying it. She sighed. “All right. I’ll go talk to him.”
“It wasn’t easy to find,” John told him, his voice tight with defensiveness. “And I only did it because I wasn’t sure what was going on, whether you were really okay. Yesterday you didn’t seem okay at all.”
“And I couldn’t, even if I wanted to,” John muttered. “Two hours then,” he said suddenly. “I want my two hours before you go.”
Was there any better sound than that of Sherlock’s voice when he was excited about a case? Any nicer smell than the sandalwood soap Sherlock used?
“They’re moving him to a room,” said Lestrade, reading Sherlock's expression. “Dr. Ruskin said he’d be over to tell us which once John is settled.”
She smiled, though he thought it was a little sad. “You’re a good man, John.” She stopped at the door. “Don’t forget Mrs. Holmes is coming today.”
It was, up to then, the nicest thing Sherlock had said to him in the context of their relationship—which wasn’t saying much, but John reckoned he should take what was offered in the spirit he hoped it had been intended. Yet he couldn’t stop himself from saying, “I’d hate to distract you.”
Except when John followed the smell of breakfast to its root, he found that Sherlock was dressed in fresh clothing, which left John to wonder why Sherlock would have kept any at Mycroft’s flat to begin with.
Sherlock’s restlessness only seemed to expand once they reached the hospital; it was as if he might work himself into a frenzy of overstimulation. Lestrade gently but firmly directed Sherlock to go take a seat while he went to speak to the emergency staff. And though he expected resistance, or at the very least attitude, Sherlock did as he was told, leaving Lestrade to wonder if maybe Sherlock
“That won’t be necessary,” he said aloud. “Just tell us what you know about the lilies and I can manage the rest.”
He was on a bed. Lying on his left side. His wrists were tied with a rope that had been looped around the bedpost. His socks and shoes had been removed and his ankles tied together. And there was something around his neck as well, a kind of noose that tightened when he tried to look over his shoulder.
Lestrade glanced at Sherlock, who had suddenly found something very interesting out the window, at which he was staring intently. Then the inspector returned his attention to John. “You met Whitcombe for the first time the night he abducted you?”
Moriarty tapped the muzzle of the gun against his chin in a show of contemplation. “I see your point. But then, whatever the circumstances, winning is winning.” He cocked the gun.
“Calm down,” John said in the same tone he used with hysterical patients. It worked here, too; Irene began taking in great gulps of air as she forced herself to breathe. “What am I going to do, John?” she asked, turning her red-rimmed eyes to him. “This will just be one more reason for him to hate me.”
“A reliquary. The Templars were said to have collected many, especially while they occupied the Temple Mount, which may very well be where this one is from. Clearly the Martlets feel they have a right to it.”
But now John was left standing in his room worrying that he had nothing to give Sherlock in return. Would Sherlock even wear a ring if John gave him one? It would be better to let Sherlock pick his own at any rate; though Sherlock had shown no especial interest in jewelry, John suspected he was the sort to be choosy.
“You sound like my brother. And I don’t want to bring order to anyone. I just want to be distracted.”
“That we’ve found,” put in Lestrade. “But . . .” He gestured to the piles of books and papers waiting to be packed.
John’s hands tightened briefly on Sherlock’s shoulders before releasing him. “Just let me x-ray your cheek and your ribs. You can do what you want after that.”
Mycroft held his brother’s gaze but didn’t answer, and after a minute Sherlock looked away, lips pressed together in what John knew to be a token of his frustration and irritation. After another long pause, Sherlock turned again to Mycroft and asked, “Is John in any danger?”
“And so you’ve never seen her with a casket in all the, what, dozens of images you just saw on the Internet?”
Introducing my version of Irene Adler, written before the series introduced theirs. Since Conan Doyle's Irene was a singer, I made mine a performer as well, but also a thief.
“We can’t walk there, anyway,” John went on. “I mean, I guess . . . Well, the sun might be up by the time we got there.” He was flustered now, babbling. “And what does Elyse have to do with anything?” he asked suddenly.
“But I did, didn’t I?” Sherlock countered matter-of-factly. “He’s only doing his due diligence as a father.”
Sherlock absent-mindedly fiddled with the ring, using his thumb to move it like a loose tooth. It was a bit large for him, but in no danger of slipping off. What had John said about the castle? No, the martlet wouldn’t land there. Castle towers like the one on the ring symbolized strongholds and security, or in some cases were meant to represent actual, specific places.
Irene offered John a wan smile. “Maybe you’d be better off in a ba—” she began but stopped abruptly, her eyes flying to Sherlock.
“She made a comment that suggested I’d spent time in the company of prostitutes while we were separated.”
That done, the pair continued down to the post room, where Michael had evidently felt the need to wait for them, shifting nervously from foot to foot. Even as John and Sherlock exchanged an uncertain glance, Michael’s gaze fell on the reliquary that Sherlock held, and the young man pulled a gun from inside his coat. John reached for his in return, but Sherlock shook his head slightly, so John was left clenching his fists in anxious frustration.
John gave it up as a lost cause; she really didn’t get it, and probably never would. He suddenly wished he had packed the photo, almost as a way of rescuing the boy in it from a life of absent-minded neglect.
“Out for a ride,” said Mrs. Grossman, misinterpreting the reason for her guest’s interest. “He won’t be back until lunch, I wouldn’t think.”
So where had he been before this? He’d had tea . . . That must have been yesterday. He’d gone out some time after because Lestrade had called and asked him to go look at a crime scene the police couldn’t make heads or tails of. Sherlock remembered getting in a cab . . . riding for a bit, then realizing something wasn’t right . . . He’d met the cabbie’s eyes in the rearview mirror . . .
“I’M GOING TO go change,” John said as they entered the Baker Street flat. “You should eat something.” But Sherlock was already settling in at the computer.
, John thought. After all, Sherlock was taller, so how much more of a pain in the ass would it be for him to get down on the floor and pull the thing out? Maybe it was something useless that had been kicked out of the way, but John had doubts. It seemed to him as if the chest was more carefully hidden, perhaps even from its owner.
“We?” Sarah looked uncertainly in the direction John had gone. “I’m sure they’ll work it out. I mean . . .”
“I apologize for not hitting him more squarely,” Sherlock murmured. “I had to pick my aim by sound; I believe I shot him in the shoulder.” He opened his eyes but still did not turn his head. “Are you all right, John?”
“When you were getting all soppy and serious while fixing him up. He saw you were down and he said something to make you smile.”
John looked up and down the road, but there was simply no way to tell in which direction any of the cars had gone from that point. So feeling somewhat useless, John returned to his own vehicle and went back the way he’d come, headed for London and the Baker Street flat.
“In the meantime, you need to eat,” Charles continued. “You won’t be much use to me otherwise. I’ll be back with some soup.” The notebook went back into the pocket and Charles left the room.
The Register had stopped talking. John looked up at Sherlock and said, “Maybe we should just skip to the end.”
Irene gave him a little shove, leaving Sherlock very little choice but to comply so that his friend could slide in on his other side. He was well and truly trapped.
John closed his eyes again and rolled into the warm spot Sherlock had vacated. Sherlock suffered a moment of pique that his companion hadn’t put up more of a fight to keep him from leaving, then switched his mental focus back to the task at hand.
Sherlock handled this as he came to handle much in five days that followed. He endured John’s kicking and thrashing, holding him still periodically to pour some water down his throat. He wiped John’s streaming eyes and nose. He patiently and repeatedly returned thrown blankets to the bed. He restrained John from scratching so hard and viciously that the force of it threatened to leave bruises and abrasions.
John was vaguely aware of all this, though his gaze stayed locked on Sherlock. He knew he should be doing something but felt weirdly paralyzed. Even Sherlock only continued to stand there, making that noise and looking down at his rapidly reddening shirt. Then he took a step backward, as if to get away from it, only to be stymied when the shirt—and the wound—moved with him.
“If you want the house back . . .” John said, pulling Sherlock from his thoughts. “And I can be out of Baker Street within the week.”
“The east lawn?” Sherlock considered. There were noteworthy advantages, primarily how much his mother would love the idea, and how much Mycroft would hate it. “It could work.” He watched John take up his bag and added, “Though after all this, I’m sure you’ll want to stay home for the honeymoon.”
John began to pick at his fingernails. They needed cutting, and he most certainly could do with a shower and a shave. Not that he trusted himself to manage any of those things at the moment; the idea of wielding anything sharp in his condition was the stuff horror movies were made of.
John dragged his eyes away and refocused on the letters. Some were yellowed, a few were newer, and while some came from various names and postmarks, the bulk of them had one particular return address.
John hesitated. Ever since Sherlock had confronted Irene about inviting Christopher—and John was not privy to the outcome of that conversation; all Sherlock would say was that it didn’t matter—Sherlock had been barely civil to his old friend. But then, Sherlock was putting forth all his effort to be charming to John’s family (his parents, anyway; Sherlock tended to treat Harry with the same kind of contempt he did his brother, which John tried to see as a sort of bizarre familial gesture), so it was possible that he didn’t feel the need to work so hard on Irene’s behalf. Or maybe it was impatience with the planning since the only time Irene ever approached Sherlock was when she wanted or needed to know something about the ceremony.
