Eventually, Cas got payback in the form of fucking him so hard that he actually blacked out when he came- but that’s beside the point.
For the next 25 minutes, he sits with Novak and keeps stealing his milkshake and fries as they volley light hearted taunts and random anecdotes they think of during the conversation back and forth.
friend. His favourite friend that he could talk with, watch movies with, go places with, do things with, and yet he still wanted
He brings his palm up to rest on the side of Dean’s face. “And as for leaving…” Dean’s heart has never dropped so fast in his
“I mean, I’ll have to do more research into the lore to make sure we do it right, but yeah. Yeah, I think we can do it. You know we’ve had worse odds than this against us.”
“You were breathtaking the first day I met you after you were hired, you were breathtaking every time you were annoyed or pissed at me, you were breathtaking the day you were staring at me in that meeting, you were breathtaking even when I couldn’t see you as you were texting me, and you’re breathtaking now. I’m beginning to have a feeling it’s something you always will be, and I’m immeasurably honoured to witness the sight.”
Dean lets out a contented sigh, fully convinced that life simply doesn’t get better than this. He lifts his head up, crosses his arms over Cas’s chest, rests his chin on his hands- taking a moment just to admire the view in front of him.
Castiel shouldn’t legally be permitted to tell Dean to do something and then praise him when he does it. That can’t be allowed. Dean needs to file a restraining order or something-
He can practically see the fire in Novak’s eyes from this distance, and it only makes Dean smile even more, because he’s too far away to really do anything about Dean scrolling on his phone.
Cas grins a wry smile, like he knows something Dean doesn’t, and turns to walk back to the washroom. Halfway to the door, he drops the towel from around his waist and lets it fall onto the floor. “Or you could join me instead, Dean.”
“Yeah- I understand, Cas. But this doesn’t mean that if for some reason you get taken away from me, that I’m not burning down everything in my path to get you back, got it?”
Novak has gone silent, an unbelieving look and a slight blush on his face that Dean can see even from this distance. He decides then and there that the red colouring is easily the most attractive thing he’s ever seen on Novak’s face- which is saying a lot. He also resolves to now do all he can to put that blush on his face time and time again.
When Sam walks into the main room of the bunker, presumably to go on a run, Dean is sitting at the table, laptop open in front of him. Eyes never moving from the screen, hand held over the spacebar to pause the video the second Cas puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Alright everyone! We’re starting in 5! Places, please,” the director, Richard Speight Jr., calls out. Sam reluctantly waves goodbye to him as he goes to stand with the rest of the set crew, and Dean assumes his position by Camera 2W, Jensen’s phone in hand.
“Of course there’s nothing wrong with being close, Dean. But this is just stifling. You want to figure this out as soon as possible, right? Well, I promise I’ll be able to go through this faster with some quiet.”
He’s working a 4-8 on drinks for drive thru, and normally he’d be really glad it’s such a short shift, but because it’s right on the tail end of lunch and all through dinner, it means he’s got the busiest four hours of the day to do one of the most demanding jobs.
Novak’s eyes are now flashing with impatience, and he can’t help but think that this is payback for trying to make him stay longer the other day.
Of course, Novak doesn’t realize anything unusual about this, and asks, “What else would you like?” in his normal, professional manager's voice.
He sighs, looking down at the till at first window where he’s taking orders and Charlie is cashing. Ever since that mind-blowing (ha) sex in the bathroom a week ago, it was like Cas disappeared off the face of the Earth the second he clocked out that day. He didn’t run into him on campus, he didn’t see him by the science departments, and he didn’t see him once during the four shifts he had this week. When he asked some of his coworkers if they’ve seen him around, the answer was always no.
“Well, uh, yeah. I mean, you’re always on top of everything, and you always kinda know what to do? I’m not saying you’re not an asshole 80% of the time, but at least you’re a competent asshole.”
"Yeah, Dean. It's okay." Cas says, and pulls back. Their faces linger too close to each other for too long, and Dean can feel his heartbeat kicking up again. He's sure his entire face goes red when Cas leans in to press a prickly kiss to his cheek.
“Kiss me again,” Dean blurts as Cas stands to leave the room. Anything to keep him here a while longer. “Just once. I’m not gonna remember it anyway.”
Cas is probably just tired and weak. Probably just doesn't feel up to converse. Which is fine, Dean can give him some space if that's what he needs til he gets his strength back. Surely a night of sleep will help him. A little food, a little water, and maybe a half-decent night's sleep, and Cas'll be back to normal in no time.
“No, go ahead,” Dean rasps, allowing himself to be pulled flush against Cas. His bare back is pressed to Cas’ bare chest, and he feels like he can finally fucking
Cas blinks at him a few times, his face contorts into something between confusion and guilt. “I—“ he starts, shaking his head. “You don’t know anything about me, Dean.”
straight, nope, pretty much the farthest thing from it. But for college purposes, he most certainly is. He’s not an idiot. He chose to go to college in fucking
It's a little foggy, and he can't tell exactly how long ago it happened, or exactly how long he's even been human. Time doesn't feel the same now that he's fully human, it's warped. Skewed. His perception of just about everything changed. But he remembers the all-consuming punch to the gut he felt when he laid eyes on Dean for the first time as a human.
Dean presses one last kiss to his nipple before he settles between Castiel’s thighs, their hips pressed flush together. He brushes a strand of hair from Castiel’s forehead with the softest, most loving smile Castiel has ever seen him with. Dean’s fingers trail down the curve of his cheekbone, and his hand finally settles on his jaw as they lock eyes. “Hi,” Dean says quietly, sweetly. Castiel’s not sure how he packed so much love and adoration into a two letter word, but he managed to do it. Castiel feels it down to his bones, Dean’s adoration for him. He wonders how he missed it for so long, when it’s so clearly scrawled into his features right now.
Dean shimmies a little so that he’s laying flat on his back, but with his arm pressed flush against Cas’ chest. He turns his head to look into Cas’ eyes, which are so bright that he’s pretty sure they lighten the room at least a little. He rolls his hips up to where Cas is
It’s an apartment on the other side of town, about twenty or so minutes from Dean’s place. When he gets there, he has to wipe his sweaty palms on his jeans because apparently his anxiety has decided to start seeping out of his skin by way of sweat. Fucking great.
It's stuck between his teeth, and he picks some of it out before laying down next to Cas on the bed. He doesn't care that they're both dirty. They're on top of the covers, so it won't matter when they're under them later.
He held that tiny kid in his arms, and decided then that he would never drink again. He decided that the way he raised Jack would not at all reflect the way John had raised him and Sam. Which meant no more alcohol. It was a small thing to give up in order to give his son a good life.
“You’re not going to like what’s next. And don’t be mad at your brother. He’s just a kid, he shouldn’t be mixed up in this, but he is. So I made a call.”
Dean sighs and swings his legs up into the bed and gets under the covers with Cas. He turns off the light and lays down facing him, on the arm that isn't cut. "It's okay, Cas. It's nothin', barely even a scrape. It'll heal in a day or two." Their faces are close, Dean can tell. The only indication is Cas' warm breath hitting his face, but it's comforting. It's so nice, and it hurts so,
He’s totally and completely correct. “Okay,” he says. He releases his grip on Cas’ wrist and looks up to meet his eyes. “Alright, so what do we do? How do we get out of this? You said something about superiors, can they hear us? Are they coming for us? Can they find us?” He fires off his questions in rapid succession, knowing full well that he’ll forget them if he stops talking for even a second.
Castiel recognizes that this, once again, is something that Dean isn’t going to go through with until he has explicit verbal permission. It makes Castiel’s heart swell up inside of his chest, so much that he wonders if it’s beating against the sides of his ribcage. “I will,” he says. “I promise.”
They stand there and kiss until they can't anymore, until they're both gasping for breath. The line has not only been crossed, it's been utterly obliterated. "I really do need to put some Neosporin on that, Cas," he says, his breathing still heavy and uneven. He opens his eyes to meet Cas', and he sees the brightest smile he's ever seen on anyone.
Dean picks up Garth’s drink and sips at it, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, I’m not a fuckin’ teenager anymore, and neither are any of you!” he says, and then he turns to Cas. “Are you? Dude, I don’t even know how old you are.”
good. It would take next to no effort to lean forward and press a kiss to his lips, but Dean doesn't. He can't. Won't.
“Dean…” she sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose for a moment before sinking back down into the couch. She sits with her elbows on her knees and her face in her hands. “You’re sure that’s where you want to go?”
It’s weird to see his mother like this. He always considered his mother’s element to be under the hood of a car, elbow deep in its guts. He never imagined this. She paints sigils onto the ceiling like it’s something she’s been doing her whole life. Dean supposes that maybe, just
Reluctantly, and with a whine from Cas, Dean breaks away. He breathes heavily against Cas’ mouth for a few seconds, and then he blinks his eyes open to find Cas already staring at him. “Missed that,” Dean admits with a soft chuckle, “but we gotta take care of that hair of yours.”
Except he doesn’t. He just wraps his other arm around Dean’s waist and lays his head on Dean’s shoulder, sighing quietly into his sweater. “Thank you for what you said,” he murmurs, “It means more than you’ll ever know.”
and even though that clearly didn't happen here, he doesn't care. He's rushing John, shoving him backward until he hits a wall. Cas snarls at him, his mind full of the things that this man put his children through just for some stupid fucking revenge. Revenge that got him killed anyways. What was it all for, then? How could John ever do that? They were
He stands up and holds out his hand, smiling when Cas laces their fingers together. Neither of them bother with clothes to just walk down the hall. Sam was away with Eileen, so it was fine. Nobody was there to see them, anyways.
big of a deal. He’s lucky enough to know his mom won’t shun him for it. She raised him and Sam to believe that people can love who they want, and that gender doesn’t really matter. She’s made it clear since he was a very young age that she doesn’t care who her boys love, as long as they’re safe and happy.
He can’t be sure, but he thinks he feels Cas’ lips press against his neck for half a second before Cas lifts his head. Dean just blinks at him, and his heart melts inside his stomach, where it now resides. Cas’ hair is messy, there’s still drool on his face, and he’s giving Dean a sleepy, lopsided smile.
He doesn’t let it last very long, because the shower water will run cold if they’re not careful. He steps in first and helps Cas in after him, fitting him against the wall so he can lean on it for support if he needs to. Dean takes a quick shower himself, half-assing the whole thing. He washes under his arms, his legs, his body. He rinses, washes his own hair much less thoroughly than he’d washed Cas’, and rinses off. When he’s done, he holds on to Cas as he stands under the water, rinsing off the remainder of the bath.
Aaron sets a hand on his wrist, curls his fingers around it in a gesture of comfort. “I’m glad I could help,” he says. “You should tell him.”
This is uncharted territory for Cas, for both of them, probably, but he finds that his head is moving up and down of its own accord. He’s nodding, giving Dean an answer before his brain ever even catches up.
Dean manages to dry it up at that, the tears coming to a slow stop. “Okay,” he says into the dark, still feeling more lost and confused than he has in his whole life.
It doesn't take much longer for either of them. Cas comes first with a strangled cry, which causes Dean to reach up and cover his mouth. It's the hottest thing Cas has ever experienced.
Freckles spatter his face. Cas knows exactly how many of them there are. He had counted when he rebuilt Dean’s body. He knows Dean inside and out. Somehow, he still wasn’t aware that Dean was capable of looking like
With one last soft smile, Dean turns to face forward in the seat of the car. They aren’t far from home now, maybe another ten minutes. The field where Dean had spread Cas’ ashes hadn’t been far from the bunker at all, and the payphone that Cas had wandered to had only been a couple of miles away.
Dean laughs now, he can’t help it. He walks forward, closes the space between them, and presses his lips to Cas’ like he’s done it a thousand times.
He wishes he could just dab at them, but so much of this blood is caked on. He has to get it all off, can’t let it build up and crust all over Cas’ stomach. That won’t be comfortable.
Dean nods furiously and claws at Cas' hips. He dips his fingers into the waistband of his boxers and surges forward, pressing his lips to Cas'. "Please, just stop talking. I hear you," he breathes, kissing him for a moment longer before whispering, "I hear you," once more.
to make a show out of it, but he figures he must be, if the way Dean is staring up at him says anything.
He thinks maybe he blacks out for a moment or two, because when he comes back to himself, he’s whimpering quietly as Dean strokes him through the last of the aftershocks. Dean’s lips are pressed to Castiel’s temple, and he’s whispering. “That’s it. You did so good, Cas. So pretty for me, all mine. You’re mine. I’ve got you,” he’s saying, and Castiel settles back against him a little further.
Dean grins. “It’s nice, Cas. Thank you,” he says. He strips himself of his shoes, his socks, and his jeans. He crawls beneath the covers in just his t-shirt and boxers, scooting to the other side and flipping the covers back so Cas can crawl in. “Lay with me,” he says.
, of all things. He remembers within a few seconds that it’s not something he has to worry about anymore, but his eyes drift to movement at his desk, and Sam’s sitting there bouncing his leg. He’s got his hands clasped together with his elbows resting on his knees, his knuckles pushing so hard against his mouth that Dean can see the force of the pressure all the way across the dimly-lit room.
Once their hips are pressed flush against one another, Dean wraps all four of his limbs around Cas. He clings to him, letting out tiny little whimpers every time Cas grinds his hips to get just a
Dean nods, but then he stops her when she starts to walk toward the car. “I need you to not tell Cas I’m gay,” he blurts.
Huh. Well, kind of embarrassing, but definitely could’ve been worse. “Thanks for not takin’ advantage.”
“Sam will be another minute. You okay today?” Dean asks, and the same concern from last night is in his voice again. It makes Cas angrier, somehow. He’s tired of being jerked around and trying to figure out what Dean wants from him.
He does, however, gasp when the back of Dean’s hand brushes against the head of his hard cock beneath the water as he rubs the washcloth against Castiel’s lower stomach. They both freeze, and Castiel turns his gaze away from Dean. “Sorry,” he says quickly, pushing Dean’s hand out of the water and off of his skin. “I didn’t even realize.” It’s the truth. He didn’t. It had been the last thing on his mind, actually, but this happens at the most inconvenient times now that he’s human.
Dean wonders if he’s doing that, now. If he’s got it in his head that he needs to stay here in order to absolve himself of any more sins he may have committed since last they were here together. The thought alone knocks the wind out of him. If Cas is going to stay, Dean will just have to learn how to claw his way through Purgatory alone this time. Benny’s not here anymore. He’d be on his own trying to find Cas, but he’d find him. He’d find him, or he’d die trying.
His stomach does something akin to a swoop. He doesn’t know what else to call it. It had never happened when he’d been an angel, but it happens often now. Daily.
Cas must take this as a sign that he’s ready for more, because Dean feels the stretch of the next finger the next time he grinds down. It makes him gasp, makes his back arch. Cas is much bigger than two fingers, even three, but the stretch from one finger to the next never fails to send a jolt up his spine. “Yes,” he gasps, one hand flying to find Cas’ free one. He laces their fingers together and squeezes, reaching his other hand out to smooth across one of Cas’ wings.
he does. He doesn’t want to leave this place, because that means that soon enough, things are going to start happening. It could get rough.
They make it to the third floor, and Cas tugs him by his wrist to room 305. Nurses and guards call after them, but Cas seems determined. He makes it to Anna’s room and they both press their faces against the small glass window to see her sitting on her bed, staring out the window. Dean knocks, and her head turns.
He breathes deep and exhales slowly. “Did I seem disagreeable, Dean?” he asks. He tries to stay calm, tries to keep his cool. It isn’t really working.
“It was. I wanted Castiel to come with me,” Anna says quietly. “He was difficult to sway. He wanted so badly to be like the rest of them, he wanted to be good enough. He never was, not for them. But he was for me. I loved Castiel. I still do. He’s my brother, Dean, even still.”
“Then let’s go lay down,” Dean says softly, heading off in the direction of Cas’ room. He pushes the door open and sighs happily, all of his senses filling with
to cry during sex, he knows it. He can’t help it. He’s so overcome with the emotion of belonging to Cas, being under the love and protection of an
Dean.” Cas grinds his hips down with intention this time, and he tilts Dean’s head back at the same moment. It earns him a loud groan from Dean, so he leans down to kiss his neck. He peppers open-mouthed kisses everywhere he can reach, and eventually finds his way back to Dean’s mouth. ”I love you,” he breathes against it, unable to stop the words leaving his mouth.
Cas just nods. Dean steps back and peels his shirt off his skin and over his head, only breaking eye contact when the shirt comes over his head. He stares right into Cas as he fumbles with the button of his shorts, and unzips them slowly. He peels them off, too, and lets them pool at his ankles. Then, he's just standing in front of Cas in nothing but his boxers, which aren't hiding much at
Cas tilts his head up to meet Dean's eyes. His brows furrow for a second and he sighs. "I missed you, too. I just wish you would talk to me about what's bothering you so much. I only wish to help, Dean." He says, pressing a kiss to the center of Dean's throat. "Maybe I can help. And if I can't, I can at least listen."
So, then Dean is picking up the pace. He seems to be hitting the spot inside Cas that drives him crazy, the spot that makes him arch up into Dean and grind back down onto his dick. Dean moves from hovering over Cas to being up on his knees. He grabs ahold of those perfect fucking hips that he can't get enough of, and fucks Cas like it's the last time he'll ever get to do it. To be fair, Dean is pretty sure there's like a 50/50 chance that this
— to keep him upright. There’s still ceramic beneath his feet, and he thinks he maybe cut himself on a piece of it that broke off, but he doesn’t care. He stumbles backward until he hits the counter with his forearm, and then he reaches out to grab the edge of it and steady himself.
A fever. That’s weird. He had the knowledge that the body shivers to try and stabilize its internal temperature when it gets too high, but he had no idea he’d actually
They moved out of the bunker about three years ago. They kept on hunting for a while, but they always talked about what it would be like to leave. They talked about what their life would be like ten years from now, twenty. Fifty, if they made it that long. They’ve even talked about what happens when they die, spending eternity together in Heaven.
Bashfulness is not a feeling that Castiel has had the opportunity to become acquainted with until this very moment. He doesn’t remember that he’s naked until Dean is at his side. He doesn’t let it get to him too much, because the water is murky enough to hide whatever isn’t hidden by his legs being curled to his chest. Then, instead of bashfulness, he feels embarrassment. Shame, for quite literally bathing in his own filth.
He’s really not exaggerating when he says that the guy stares at him for the entire rest of the class. Dean’s not even entirely confident that he’s blinked at all. If he had to guess, he’d say probably, but it’s a little weird that he hasn’t caught him doing it even
Between hearing Cas’ very human beating heart and the soothing feeling of Cas trailing his fingers up and down Dean’s spine, he falls asleep in what feels like record time.
Cas feels his heart drop into his stomach. Angels don’t eat, so as a result, they also don't puke. This doesn’t stop Cas from feeling like he’s about to.
Cas rolls his eyes, “There’s nothing I can do for him. We need the help of a witch,” he says, regretfully.
he wants, but it’d be a damn sight better than whatever life he’s gotta try to live without the guy now.
Dean draws the bath and sits thigh-to-thigh with Cas on the ledge of the tub, still a little shaky and wary of letting go of him.
wet and sloppy and constant. Cas uses both hands to spread Dean wider, getting his tongue so deep that Dean’s not even sure how that’s possible. He reaches down to tangle his fingers in Cas’ hair, throwing his head back and rolling his hips down. “Baby, please,” he whines, not even sure what he’s asking for in the first place. His nerve endings all feel like live wires, the slightest touch causing sparks to erupt from his skin. He almost feels like he could come like this, if he really tried.
Under normal circumstances, Dean might be mad at Jack for keeping this from him. He would probably be angry at Cas, even, but he isn’t. For once in his life, he’s not angry at anybody. All he feels is pure
After that, neither of them last very long. Cas rolls his hips, rocks with Dean inside of him, lifts himself up and down slowly, and then fast. When Dean comes, he wraps his arms all the way around Cas’ middle and pulls him close so their chests are flush. He thrusts into him once, twice, three times, and then he stays there, groaning. He whines and his hips twitch and Cas can actually
She nods. “I know. I know. I don’t know how to say it. He didn’t tell you about me. He probably didn’t think it was his place, and I guess he’d be correct. But it’s easier that way. Easier if I don’t have to look my best friend in the face and tell him I’m not who he thinks I am,” she says. She doesn’t meet his eyes once.
Dean laughs and leans in for another kiss, and this one lingers. He makes sure it does. He’s as happy as he’s ever been, he thinks. Sam’s good —
Dean takes it and stands up from the bed, and his back twinges a little. His neck’s kinda sore too, now that he thinks about it. It’s probably just from the weird position he’d been sleeping in.
He’s not going to use soap this time, there’s no point in making this hurt more than it’s already going to. He’s gonna have to go in with alcohol to disinfect them once he’s done cleaning him, and that’ll be bad enough.
“Dean!” Cas says, and Dean jolts awake. His whole body is sweaty and his heart is racing and he can’t see himself but he knows his eyes are wide.
think men are hot, he's circled right back around to Cas. Well, so much for getting out of that one.
Dean smiles at him and leans down to kiss his mouth. “When I drain the water, we can turn the shower on and get you rinsed off a little better. I’ll strip down and get in with you,” he offers, waggling his eyebrows.
Dean can tell when he gets close. His thighs start to shake a little, his breathing picks up and gets stuck in his throat every few seconds, so Dean abandons his own dick in order to give Cas the attention he deserves. “Good,” he breathes into Cas’ ear. “C’mon, baby. That’s it. Love you so much, sweetheart,” and that’s all it takes to have Cas spilling over his knuckles.
Dean rolls his eyes at her. He thinks on it for a moment, but he really doesn’t have to think hard at all. “All of you,” he starts, and they all groan. “No, I know. Just listen, you dicks, because I don’t say this very often.” They all exchange a couple of good-natured chuckles, but they quiet soon enough and wait for him to speak again. “Seriously. It’s our last Friendsgiving in college, and I wouldn’t have made it this far without you guys. Probably would’ve dropped out after Sophomore year, honestly. You’re some of the nicest people I’ve ever gotten to know. I’m lucky to be friends with all of you,” he says. He pauses for a second, and his gaze flickers to Cas. “And… and you. God, Cas, you have no idea what a godsend you’ve been this year. Not only because of the studying help, but… everything else, too. I’m really thankful that we — that
Cas smiles, and he knows his eyes are sad without having to see himself. “You might,” he says, and he lays one hand on Dean’s cheek. “And that’s okay. You’re already forgiven.” Looking at Dean usually fills Cas with a numb sort of anger, but he finds that this one is filling him with hope. He has to remind himself, this isn’t the Dean that’s using him as a diversion tomorrow. This Dean is untainted by the Apocalypse, he’s still hopeful, he still believes he can win. Cas can’t take that away from him, he won’t.
Dean walks over to put the tray in his lap, and Jack picks up the grilled cheese and takes a bite. Dean feels tension that he hadn’t even been aware of finally slip from his body. Jack’s eating. He’s eating, and he’s gonna be fine. Dean takes the triangle Jack’s holding and dips it into the soup for him, holding it back out.
He lays on the air mattress, tossing and turning. He’s trying not to think about it, he really is. But Cas must feel disappointed because he’s gay, right? Because the kiss at the party was just a stupid game. Because all of the lingering touches, the cuddling, the hand-holding, that’s just normal for Cas. He just does that with people he feels close to, it’s not a gay thing for him like it is for Dean. It means
Cas shakes his head. “Maybe when you’re sober, Dean. If you ask me again when you’re sober, I’ll say yes,” he says. “Would you like to go home, Dean?”
“You like it,” he says, and he settles back down next to Dean in bed. “What do you want to do today?”
That night, when Dean had laid Jack in his crib, he’d woken up just long enough to wrap his little tiny finger around Dean’s pinkie finger. He’d blinked twice, and Dean thinks he felt the kid squeeze his finger before falling right back asleep.
Cas sits down next to him with his own baked lump of cinnamon and sugar and icing with one of the biggest smiles on his face that Dean has ever seen.
And, in all honesty, he has every right to be nervous. With the way Cas looks, the stupid smug smile that’s always on his face, the way his eyes seemed to grow a tiny bit brighter when Dean had swapped their coffees.
Dean climbs into bed, his mind racing. Cas fits himself against the wall so that Dean has enough room to crawl under the covers, their legs immediately tangling. It’s so damn
Dean shoots straight up when he opens his eyes, gasping for air like he'd been drowning on dry land only seconds ago. His eyes immediately find Cas' still-asleep form laying next to him. His chest is still rising and falling, so that's a good sign.
Eventually Dean does pull away from him, and Castiel pouts. He misses him already. “You gotta eat somethin’,” Dean informs him. “Heard you’re stomach growlin’ half an hour ago, but you just looked… peaceful,” he says. “I didn’t wanna wake you. You need your rest,” he says.
Dean takes the room key and heads off in the direction of the room they booked. He steps inside and lets his bag hit the floor with a heavy
for fuck’s sake. He picks at his fingernails and stares at his hands in his lap, trying to figure out how he can ask Cas to come back to his house for more studying without looking suspicious. Is that even something that’s suspicious? People do that all the time, don’t they? He hates needing to overanalyze everything he ever does so that he doesn’t come off as gay. It wouldn’t come off as gay to ask Charlie to come over and study, or even Garth, and he isn’t even
Castiel revels in it. His whole body aches, he thinks the fever is starting to creep up on him again, and he could really go for some more of that tea, right about now. Regardless, kissing Dean takes his mind off of all of it, even though he can’t make it go away entirely. That’s okay. He can make it go away for a few seconds, and Castiel will take every last one of them and drown himself in them.
Dean makes quick work of getting back to the bathroom and putting on his clothes. He decides to leave his sweatpants off. The motel room was pretty warm, and he was going to have the added heat of another body in the bed next to him. He almost doesn't put a shirt on either, but decides that's probably too obvious.
flowers. They’re going to the meadow where Dean spread Cas’ ashes when he died… last time. They’re going to sit, and remember Cas, and plant some damn flowers.
could have this,” Cas sighs, wrapping his arms securely around Dean. “Everyone said I was lost when I laid a hand on you in Hell,” he sighs, cupping Dean’s face so he can look him in the eye. “But they were wrong, Dean. I was found.”
Dean nods his head and finally rests it right on top of one of Cas’ pecs, trying to let sleep overtake him.
Castiel shakes his head, strokes his fingers down Dean’s cheek. “That was beautiful, Dean. Everything about that was perfect. I love you,” he says.
Dean melts against him, bringing his arms up to wrap around Cas’ shoulders and hold him tight. He cradles the back of Cas’ neck with one hand, running his fingers through the short hairs there. “Meant every word, Cas. Seriously,” he says. “Couldn’t have made it this far this semester without you. And not just because of the studying.”
Dean thinks about where he first popped into the dream. Just him and Cas hanging out, watching TV. He thinks about how long it's been since they actually got to sit down and do that. He makes a mental note to trap Cas into a movie night once they're home.
Castiel pulls away slowly at that, sits back so that the heels of his feet dig into his ass where he kneels in the tub. One of his hands curls around Dean’s thigh, paradoxically familiar and foreign all at once. He’d rebuilt this body once, what feels like a lifetime ago. They’re both different people now. This is a different body than the one he’d molded himself. He shakes his head slowly. “It’s not about that,” he admits quietly, bashfully. He tries to ignore the stinging behind his eyes as it creeps up on him.
Not once since Cas lost his grace has Dean wished he had it back. Until now. This would be so much easier to say to him in a prayer. It would be so much easier if he could just pray his feelings straight into Cas’ head. He could tell Cas how he felt, and tell him it’s okay if he doesn’t feel the same. He could tell Cas to just ignore it if he wanted, and they’d go on the same as they always had. And Dean could do that. He’d be able to.
Cas laughs against his mouth, reaching a hand down to rub his thumb across the slit of his dick. “Light?” he asks quietly.
Dean shakes his head. “Nah. It was just weird. It was about my dad,” he admits, but he doesn’t go into further detail and Cas doesn’t push for it.
of you. I did this, Dean. Remember that. This is—“ he chokes on his words around a sob, something Dean’s never heard him do, “—this is goodbye, I’m afraid.”
He blinks for a few seconds, taking in his surroundings. He also notes that he's only wearing a pair of boxers. He can only assume they belong to Dean, since they aren't his own. He has no memory of how he wound up in Dean's room, and no idea how he ended up wearing his boxers. He sits up on the concrete floor, wrapped in Dean's gray (didn't they use to be white?) bedsheets, and looks around for a while longer. He must have passed out watching TV with Dean last night. Dean probably slept in his room, he probably didn't want to wake Cas.
Dean smiles against his mouth and pulls back to clasp their hands together, leading Castiel into the kitchen.
yes,” Dean whines. That’s. It’s so good that his vision goes spotty even in the darkness of the room. “Would it—“ he whines, Cas’ tongue is
was still a weird fucking thing to wrap his brain around) and thank him for giving him his best friend back.
Dean shakes his head, and tears well up in his eyes. “I love you, too, Cas. But I don’t know how the hell to go on without them,” he admits.
“No!” he shouts, slams his fist against a wall. “Goddammit, Cas. No,” he says, significantly softer and weaker.
He closes his eyes again and sinks back into it. After all, shouldn’t he be taking whatever he can get? Dean had been gentle and kind with him last night, but Cas knows that’s just because Dean feels guilty about the hunt going sideways. Which, he really shouldn’t. It’s not Dean’s fault that Cas had stubbornly insisted that he tag along on the hunt when he was tired. Cas knew he was off his game, he knew the risks. If anything, he should be apologizing to Dean for jeopardizing all three of them.
she says, “It’s just that he has to learn to hold his own if he wants to stick around!” she giggles, and Dean looks to Cas to see him smiling.
him to move. He doesn't. He takes a deep breath and tilts his own head over to rest on top of Cas'. His heart is thumping so hard he thinks it might just beat directly out of his chest, or work itself so hard that it just stops. Dean's too fucking old for this. He feels like a teenager, feels like his heart is beating harder than it did the first time he got his hands up his high school girlfriend's shirt.
there’s only so much information he can stuff into his own brain before all of it starts leaking back out. He doesn’t think he could retain anything else right now if he tried. Which, he is. He’s trying. It’s not fucking working.
Dean nods and takes it from him. He sits back and folds his arms above his head, waiting to see what Cas is going to do. He looks like he genuinely has no idea, and it makes Cas
Dean smiles as he wordlessly washes Cas. He starts with the front of his body and works his way down. He takes extra care around Cas' hips, taking his time to admire them. He's a little obsessed, actually. He scrubs gently at Cas' skin and sighs happily. He loves the little dip in Cas' hips. He loves the way his bones jut out just slightly, not enough that he looks like he's underfed or something, but just enough to define the 'V' that leads to the part of Cas' body Dean is the most excited to get to know. He loves the soft definition of Cas' abs. They weren't dramatically defined, but they were certainly there. Dean loves how they're still soft to the touch but so, so strong underneath his skin.
Dean lets himself be led and steps out of the pants pooled around his ankles. Cas climbs into bed first and he opens his arms, so Dean lays down in them. Cas pulls the blankets up over both of them as Dean listens to the beating heart of his very human boyfriend. Cas flicks the lamp off and plunges them into darkness, and Dean clings to Cas a little bit tighter.
when he does. His whole body shakes as he turns back toward the wall, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes until he sees shapes and colors and stars behind his eyelids. Not even that can stop the tears, because they tickle as they run down his forearms.
for God’s sake. There’s a little baby boy, Jack. His mother died in childbirth, and they’ve been in contact with the adoption agency. Jack is in a foster home while they prepare the house, but they’ve already met him. He’s got sandy blonde hair, only a little lighter than Dean’s. And he’s got these crazy big, blue eyes. He swears they look like Cas’.
“I’m sorry you’re here,” Cas says, and Dean knows what he means. It’s not that Cas isn’t glad to see him, it’s just that Cas wishes he’d had more time. There’s a part of Dean that wishes the same thing, but it’s conditional. He wouldn’t want to go back to Earth unless Cas could come with him.
“He loves you very much, Dean. You’re about all he has these days, aside from me. You two have been through so much, even before I was around. His courage and selflessness astound me every day. So does yours,” Cas smiles, and there’s a hint of sadness to it. He wonders if Dean will remember enough to recognize it.
Grilled cheese and tomato and rice soup won’t take him that long, so he gets to work. The soup’s from a can, because he doesn’t have all the stuff he needs to make it from scratch, but he spends time on the grilled cheese. He stuffs three different kinds of cheese inside it, and grills it in the skillet until it’s perfectly crispy. He puts it on a plate and throws the soup into a bowl and then into the microwave, cutting the grilled cheese into triangles for Jack, just like Cas used to.
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean says, after a lengthy pause and a lot more pacing. He sits back down on the bed and rests his elbows on his knees, his head in his hands. “Fuck.”
He zips up his bag, throws it up over one shoulder, and stands back up. Turns out, he didn’t need to go looking for the guy after all, he’s right here in front of him. “Jesus, dude. You scared the shit out of me,” Dean says, running a hand through his hair.
Cas sucks kisses into his skin; along his hip bones, across the top of his thigh, and one, right to the head of his cock. It makes Dean whimper, makes him spread his legs a little more. “Beautiful,” Cas whispers against his skin, one hand wrapping around the base of his dick. “So beautiful.”
It makes Dean's breath hitch, and he looks up to meet Cas' eyes, which are full of worry. "I'm fine, Cas. I've had worse. Lemme take care of you," he says, leaning into Cas' touch. All he wants right now is to go slack against Cas, press their bodies together and then never let him go. Dean opts to tilt his head forward instead, his forehead resting on Cas' right collarbone as he continues dabbing at his shoulder and chest.
"Okay, forget Chuck. Forget Billie. Forget all of it. If none of that was a factor, would you have ever told me, then?" Dean presses. He hates to think what would have happened if Cas had never breathed a word of his feelings. He hates to think about what his life would look like without this, now that he has it. He's coming around quicker to the idea of spending his life with a man faster than he thought he would. He hasn't heard John Winchester's bitter words in his head all morning. He hopes he'll never hear them again. He doesn't want to hate the part of himself that makes him able to love Cas back, he doesn't want to hide it anymore.
Dean doesn’t say anything to this, he just finishes up Sam’s health-nut breakfast and puts the plate down at the table. The library is far enough away from the kitchen that Dean should be able to trap Sam here to talk about this. All he has to do now is go wake the bear.
Dean's eyes are wide and he swallows, trying to form words. It's proving to be harder than it ever has been. "N-no. I mean, yes.
“L-lube. There’s lube in the drawer over there. Whenever you need it. I know you want to take your time.”
Jack turns his head finally to look at Dean. His eyes are rimmed red like he’s been crying since he locked himself in here, and Dean figures he probably has. “What is it?” Jack asks.
Mary scrubs her hands across her face, and when she looks back up, her eyes are rimmed red and she starts to stammer. “Because of me,” she says quietly. “It wasn’t too long after John and I got together, and it was a demon. The same demon that came after Sam, the one I killed that night,” she says. “I made a deal,” she admits.
Beck comes back to the table with their plates then, and Dean snags his hand back from around Cas’ wrist so fast that he almost knocks the wind out of himself. Beck gives him a side-eye, but then it fades into a smirk. “You two enjoy,” they say, “I’ll be your cashier when you’re ready.”
Dean’s helpless to do anything but let another shaky breath claw its way out of his lungs, Cas’ hand still rubbing slow circles on his back. “Mom,” he croaks. It’s all he can manage.
He puts the cup back down in front of Cas, and leans back in his chair, rubbing at his eyes. “So it’s just about, like, natural poses and realism? But still depicted in an idealistic way?”
“Never lettin’ me live that one down, huh?” Dean asks, and he slides his hand down from Cas’ waist to his hip.
Cas looks like he’s been punched in the gut, and then Dean does, too. He hates when Cas gets that fucking look on his face, and he hates it even worse when he’s the one who put it there. “Of course,” Cas nods, and he leans over to press his lips to Dean’s cheek after he cranes his neck to look around and make sure none of Missouri’s neighbors are outside.
Immediately, Dean brings his hands down to touch as much of the body above him as he possibly can. Hands, hair, neck, torso, waist- everything Dean can reach. He covets it all like Cas is his own private gospel sent from the heavens that he never wants to share with anyone, ever again.
Dean’s okay with this, he thinks. Yeah, he regrets leaving Sam behind, but he’s gotten through so much, overcome so many things in his path. Sam will be okay. He might be better, even. It’s not like Dean has goals in his life like he knows Sam secretly does, he doesn't have anything else he’d rather be doing, anything to look forward to. All he ever wanted was to be with Cas- and now he supposes he’ll get his wish.
Cas, still maintaining eye contact, pulls almost all the way off before taking Dean all the way to the hilt.
Dean can’t help but smile like the absolutely besotted man he at Cas below him. God, he loves him. “I know, I just wanted to make sure you’re okay.”
to look at Castiel, so Dean doesn’t. Finally giving up every pretense of paying attention to whoever is speaking, while also pushing aside the fact there are at least twenty other people sitting around the table too, Dean just keeps looking into his eyes, occasionally dipping away to trace the planes of his face and neck with his own gaze. Mapping, memorizing, studying the dips and swells. Imagining how they’d feel under his hands, his fingers, his lips, his tongue, and wow this train of thought all at once became entirely too risky to continue during this meeting Dean still isn’t paying attention to.
“I know about dead Steve Yockey the same way I know about the Jensen Ackles long con, the Deacon and Caz wedding, gunshot truthing, the CW sniper, and the dezricule in general. I know because you told me.”
Cas opens his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I’ve read once that loneliness is the most exhaustive emotion, except that it’s not really an emotion at all. It’s a prolonged experience that creates a side effect.”
They argue, they discuss, they laugh, and most of all, they bask in the glory of being able to be in each other’s presence that doesn’t occur in a subconscious. Dean feels happy. He feels at peace, and he wonders if the rest of his life is going to be like this. Dean thinks there isn’t a lot he’d do to ensure that future happens.
Dean seems to blink and then Cas is right in front of him, kissing him like he’s drowning and Dean is his air. His hands fly up to cradle Cas’s face as their lips move together, still not fully believing what is happening is real.
He swings open the door, only to almost get decked in the face by Kevin walking out with a box of fries. “Whoa, dude, slow down. You’re gonna knock someone out with that if you don’t watch where you’re going.”
Well. He did. He waltzed right off the elevator, onto the fourth floor, and into the room Dean knew scripts for the show were kept. Several photos were taken, and then Dean hustled out of there like his house was on fire.
is a strict-ass, stealing son of a bitch, and his last name fits him a lot better than ‘Cas tee el’ or whatever.” Dean doesn’t mention how normally the only times he even thinks about Novak’s almost poetry-worthy first name is when he sometimes can’t stop it tumbling from his lips in his bed at night.
“Are you a fucking spy?” Dean blurts, because really, he thinks he’d have an easier time accepting that than everything happening between them being pure luck.
He watches and reblogs posts that make Dean cry laughing on Tumblr, and eventually after his stomach starts hurting too much from it all, and after the adrenaline starts wearing off, he manages to log out. As he goes about his nightly routine, showering and brushing his teeth, he wonders what it would be like to tune into the episode live today after being a fan for years, and seeing Cazriel confess that he’s been in love with Deacon the whole twelve years they’ve known each other. All the tiny moments, the hidden glances and buried subtext (and sometimes characters, too), it was all on purpose. Unparalleled validation.
Dean wakes up to a very nice warmth on his legs and around his waist, only to realize there’s also a very nice warmth wrapped around his cock, and the source of that warmth is in fact Cas’s body and his mouth.
Cas lets out a slow and deep exhale, his hand slowly dropping from Dean’s mouth to make its way down the middle of Dean’s chest. As it reaches his heart, Cas finally looks back up to see Dean still gazing at him.
With Dean’s face still pressed against the table, he can’t see Novak’s expression, but he can imagine the amusement dancing in his eyes.
Cas squeezes his hand tighter and moves even closer to Dean’s side so as much of them as possible is pressed together. “I’m so sorry, Dean. Truly, I never meant to cause you any pain.” He pauses for a second, visibly pondering something. “Wait, you watched me on a laptop? Watched me do what?”
Castiel has an almost-but-not-quite unfathomable expression on his impossible face and in his impossible eyes, because Dean thinks he detects a hint of slight confusion, and then determination. Castiel seems to search Dean’s face for… something. He’s not sure what, and he thinks it’s probably best he doesn’t know because Dean has a feeling it would scare him.
For a moment, Dean blanks. Every part of him shuts down and forgets what the Empty is really doing here, and he thinks that it's come back to take something else from him- Sam, maybe. And before their plan, Dean wouldn’t have even minded.
She rolls her eyes. “What I’m saying, genius, is that maybe you did something wrong and you didn’t even realize it. Or maybe Castiel is being the idiot and straight up avoiding you rather than talking. You never know.”
“So, anyways, as I was saying, Naomi was clearly barely able to handle the floor plan today, because when I came out here after waiting an eternity for my break, I passed six people on delivery, only two on drive thru, no one doing pulls, and everyone falling behind. It was like a live action train wreck and fucking hilarious.”
Dean can’t see Castiel on account of the fact he’s still facing the elevator and Castiel is standing behind him somewhere, presumably also facing the elevator, but he swears there’s something resembling amusement in his voice.
Dean is still lost in thought, thinking about the Spanish dub and  trying to figure out why the kiss wasn’t in the scene either, when his phone screen lights up with another message.
“I’m, uh, gonna be honest with you, Cas. I kinda wasn’t watching exactly how many days went by. For the most part I was drinking, watching you on the laptop, or drinking and watching you on the laptop. But… maybe two weeks? Three? I’m not sure, but whatever it was, it was the worst time of my life.”
“Mmhm.” Cas hums, already having fully wrapped himself around Dean so tightly he thinks an octopus would be jealous.
Dean and Cas went on a hunt once in Louisiana. It was a long drive, but of course Dean didn’t mind, not one bit. They spent the time talking about every single thing to ever exist, and nothing at all. A lake full of empty drops. He remembers passing more and more frequent signs in French as they got closer to their destination- Dean, of course, complaining about how he’ll never find where the best burger place to take Cas was.
Dean knows that Sam noticed the bloody handprint on his sleeve in the bunker, but didn’t ask about it.
But at least this time as the car pulls up to the second window, the bag of food is ready and waiting on the metal counter where Novak placed it, thank god.
She closes the till, waving the truck outside to drive up to second window, then turns to face him. “Oh, so he’s not dead then. Cool. I don’t know, Dean, just tell him how you feel or something. Tell him you missed him- that’ll work.”
Dean forgot how close the delivery table is to the ice cream machine, which means Jack probably had no problem hearing the exchange.
“I barely slept, Sammy, so I wasn’t up early because I was here before it was early.” His eyes still don’t move from where they’re fixed on the electric screen that shatters his heart over and over and over again.
Cas lets out a breathy laugh at his words. “God help the person who gets in the way of the Righteous Man.”
“We both work here, Winchester, obviously I’m going to come across you. This shouldn’t be a surprise any more.”
Dean doesn’t even try to wipe away the tears- he knows they’ll be replaced almost immediately. “Cas- he said that happiness isn’t in having things, it’s in just being and saying it. How fucked up is that, huh? Do you know anyone else who could be happy with just stating their love? Getting absolutely
All of a sudden, Dean realizes the significance of Cas’s order. A medium vanilla milkshake and a large fry. The same thing they shared the day they were both on their lunch break. Dean freezes, his body now a statue.
The meeting ends some two centuries later, Dean proud to have managed to be in Castiel’s presence for so long and somehow not burst into flames. He makes a quick exit from the meeting, and the further and further he walks away from the conference room and everyone in it, the more relaxed he feels. The more distance, the better.
Dean has his eyes trained at the corner of the grill where he disappeared 10 minutes ago, so he doesn’t miss it when Novak comes tearing around the corner to skid to a stop with an astonished look on his face, and yep, there’s the blush.
When Dean moves to lick down the column of Cas’s neck, Cas takes the opportunity to lift Dean’s legs and pull them around his waist. At the press of Cas’s now-lubed cock against his hole, Dean leaves one last kiss on his neck before looking directly up at Cas and nodding his assent at Cas’s asking look.
Cas’s mouth is too busy to respond, his hands an iron grip on Dean’s hips, but when he looks up at Dean, his eyes are smiling. Then he does something with his tongue, and Dean convulses.
They’ve been on drinks together for the last hour of the shift, and despite the copious amounts of bickering, they’ve actually kept up fairly well with the dinner rush. Their ability to stay ahead of the pace the grill was making food was a surprise to Dean, because every damn time Novak brushes his arm or squeezes past him to make ice cream, Dean gets a shock to his nervous system that signals Novak is way too close and still not close enough.
Apparently finished with the temporary entertainment Dean so easily provided him, Castiel turns fully towards the front and visibly tunes back into the lecture at hand. He doesn’t turn back to face Dean, his features once again a steely mask of concentration.
Dean is still staring straight ahead into the trees as Sam slowly sits down beside him, gazing out at the greenery as well.
presence on Tumblr, and certainly was a ship that not a lot of people thought was actually going to become canon. Even people who weren’t in the spn fandom had heard about it, and now were also posting about it.
.” Novak cuts him off, putting both hands on his chest and shoving him backwards until he hits the wall behind him. He crashes his mouth against Dean’s, probably as another precaution to make sure Dean doesn’t say another word, which works perfectly fine for him.
Dean glances over at Cas, clearly looking for some backup here to prove to Sam he didn’t turn totally insane after returning from the Empty. And… Cas says nothing. He just keeps looking on with mild amusement as the two brothers squabble.
she can be… god, I don’t care.” Cas reaches up behind Dean’s neck to pull him down into a heady kiss. The change in angle must do something
“Oh.” And then Dean’s not sure how to go about things from here. So thankfully, that’s when Cas decides to swoop in and save the conversation.
Over two weeks of stewing, panicking, hyperventilating, and trying to figure out what the hell to do with what’s in his phone’s camera roll, he’s come to the conclusion that sometimes the best option is the simplest one. He’s been on Tumblr… let’s just say a
There’s a quiet squeak on the marble floor behind him, presumably Castiel turning around to look in the direction of the conference room they had escaped.
“You ever heard of mincing words? Sugar coating something? Breaking the news gently?” he calls after him, but of course Novak just keeps walking to go back to work like Dean hadn’t said a word.
“Dude, those were mine for delivery- you can’t just-” aaaaand Novak clearly can’t hear him across the volume of the bustling store. Or maybe he’s just electing to ignore him. Both are possible.
Of course, when he returns to the front with the box, Cas is already back running for drive thru, the perfect picture of focused professionalism. If Dean hadn’t watched him come three minutes ago, he’d never think anything had happened.
All of a sudden, Dean is willing to put up with all the nagging and extra items added to orders if it means he gets to keep this view. The black polyester slacks that don’t look good on
They’re still down on what passes for the ground of the Empty and wrapped around each other, and they wouldn’t move to change it for the world, but that doesn't mean a lot to them, Dean thinks, because they are each other’s world. He finally shatters the warm silence of each other’s presence. “Ya know I thought I’d never find you. There was just- no way to see
Of course he has a change of uniform. Why wouldn’t he. It’s not like Dean’s never seen anyone else bring a change of clothes
Cas looks to the side at him, smiling. “Oh, I guess I should elaborate on how I ended up coming across you in the first place.”
He doesn’t break away from Cas’s mouth as he spins him around to take his turn pinning Cas up against the door. Dean trails light kisses along his jaw, hands trailing down the planes of Cas’s chest to slip underneath the hem of his shirt and palm his waist.
Cas pulls back, a small frown gracing the beautiful curve of his face. “Don’t ask stupid questions,” he murmurs.
When Dean has gotten Jensen’s request to meet early today somewhere, mentioning some news he wanted to share with Dean, Castiel (why Jensen asked him to come along too is beyond him), and a few writers from the show. But for some reason- predetermined engagements, probably- the writers weren’t able to make it. So now it’s just Dean, Castiel, and Jensen.
it scares me. You, and every good thing you have the possibility of giving me, terrify me. It’s fear unlike anything I’ve ever known- probably will ever know- and yet I’m happy to suffer it all just for a chance with you.”
Cas smiles, reaching his other, non-load bearing hand to Dean’s face, gently tracing the lines of his skin. Dean feels like a cat in the sun at the soft attention.
“The last thing I have ever wanted was for you to go through your own suffering for me. Of course, I am very thankful that you saved me, but it should never have come at the cost of your own life. You are far too valuable to be throwing it away for unceasing nightmares.” When Dean can’t handle the weight behind his words, and starts to look away from the unadorned sincerity in Cas's eyes, he nudges Dean’s face with his hands so he has no choice but to gaze right back at him.
Before Novak can predictably start reaming him out for being unnecessarily rude to customers, Dean jumps to say, “No need to thank me, Novak. Dude was getting on my nerves being all creepy, and I already wanted to punch him for smoking in a goddamn drive thru, so he got what was coming.”
So basically, Dean knows what the song that Sam unthinkingly tuned the radio to is saying. It’s horrible, it’s beautiful. He wants it to stop, he wants Cas back.
“I’m going to let go, but you are not going to move your arms unless I say so,” Cas whispers into his ear. “Understand?”
Only a couple minutes later, Dean sees a notification that someone mentioned him in a post. That’s never happened before, so he immediately goes to his notes to read whatever it is.
It didn’t even end up being that difficult to get Gabe to tell him to go sit down- with his already flushed cheeks and stammering voice, he was the picture of illness. As he walks out to the lobby, he can’t help but feel like he’s on death row and marching to his execution- with Cas as the executioner.
Sometimes he wonders what he would do if he didn’t have Charlie to be the brains in their friendship. “Yeah… you’re probably right.”
Dean falls to his knees. There’s no goddamn way to see anything, never mind to find a specific angel in the resting place of every one that’s died since the dawn of time. He’s never going to get to tell Cas that he loves him. Never going to get to tell him that he wants Cas, too. That
Dean himself has a few followers, but he attributes it mostly to his username (Impala67) being a play off of the ‘68 Impala that is portrayed in the show, and his sometimes funny contributions to the ‘cule. But all this dedication to Tumblr has also given him the perfect way to release the scripts without anything being traced back to him. Create a completely new Tumblr account and just post the pictures with tags.
heard him swear before. Which is probably for the best, because if that had happened in any other situation, Dean doesn’t know what he would have done. Faint, probably.
Dean feels a tear slip out of the corner of one of his eyes as Cas whispers about how good and perfect and kind and handsome Dean is into the space between his shoulder blades, his finger still pressing relentlessly into Dean.
Novak has an expression on his face Dean’s never seen before. “What? Why are you looking at me like that?” He didn’t think him and Naomi were that close, but you never kno-
“Dean. Hey, Dean! Are you listening? Castiel just wanted me to tell you that he wants to talk to you. And before you start freaking the fuck out, he’s not mad or anything. I really don’t think you have anything to worry about, okay?”
Dean’s been pacing the length of his living room and some of his kitchen for the last hour and a half. He still can’t believe he did this. That’s he’s
Relief courses through him like a flash flood. Oh, Charlie is gonna be so proud to know he did not, in fact, do anything to screw things up.
“My employee number is 1387. Are you looking to lodge a complaint of some kind?” Dean actually snorts at that, and the homicidal feeling begins to subside. Novak is absolutely clueless and he kind of loves him for it.
“No,” Cas grunts, grabbing Dean’s wrist once again, and this time forcefully pinning it above his head, not letting go. “You are not coming yet. Only when I say so.”
“No! No, of course not. Dean, come on, I wouldn’t do that to you. Would you tease me if Eileen was dead?”
Cas sighs. “And just like that, the moment’s over,” untangling himself from Dean and reaching for the doorknob- although he does still have a hint of a smile on his face.
Dean doesn’t hesitate in walking through the opening once Sam nods that the summoning is stable. Through this black hole that just got everything it wanted- to consume
Dean just lets Sam grab his hand and haul him out of the car. He thinks he collapses on his bed at some point, he’s not really sure of any sensation but the burden the dried blood on his shoulder curses him with.
“Can you stop making up words and go grab a bag of cream, please, Winchester? It really is almost out. I’ll refill the sugar while you’re doing that.”
Dean thinks he’d like to watch Cas's eyes as they reflect a setting and rising sun. Or watch them framed by falling rain in a storm around them, filling with cold water from the heavens, not with the salt that comes with the tears he sees in Cas's eyes now.
If Castiel could stop being so handsome with his impossible face and perfectly mussed hair and casual but very well-fitting clothes, Dean would be eternally grateful. He’s trying to interrogate the guy at the moment, fuck you very much. “Did Charlie tell you to fuck with me or something? I really don’t see another-”
Huh. Dean’s not quite sure when that development happened, but that’s definitely how he feels about Cas as of right now.
After about 20 minutes of sweating in the heat and grease, and getting hot oil on his hands from the scoop no less than 3 times, Dean wants to die. This shit could count as a workout, Jesus Christ.
But he should have known that such a captivating person, who’s also right around Dean’s age, too, comes with some downsides. Namely, the words that come out of his distracting mouth. Not only was Novak horribly particular about certain procedures, with a stick the size of the Chrysler Building fully lodged up his ass, but he also seemed to have a particular aversion to every human emotion, ever.
“Jesus, Cas.” Dean whines, thoroughly overflowing with affection. He leans up to kiss Cas, slow and hot, trying to pull him as close as possible as their tongues swipe against each other. He moves away from Cas’s mouth to kiss along his jaw (Dean definitely could cut glass on it if he wanted to), and then all down his throat.
Dean thinks he should be able to add that particular accomplishment to his resume; making Castiel (former hardass), Novak say his name like that.
Too caught up in his thoughts, as he turns the corner to the freezer, he collides with someone coming around it. As he rights himself, and is about to reach out to steady the other person, he realizes who it is.
There is an actual door about 5 meters away that also leads out to the exit, which Novak could easily take instead, but of course he doesn’t bow out. Instead, with a face molded into determination, Novak just starts moving forward- right into Dean’s personal space.
Sam halts his tirade over the intricacies of the passage of time to take in Cas's words, “Oh, that’s really nice, Cas. Tell him we say thanks, and that we miss him.” Cas gets a brief, far away look in his eyes, and then smiles. “I’ve sent the message along, Sam.”
He whips his head up to look at the screen with the drive thru feed so quickly he probably pulled something in his neck, but he doesn’t care. Sure enough, that’s Cas in his blue Ford Fiesta, window rolled down. “Yeah, it’s me, Cas. Where’ve
A hint of exasperation weaves itself into Novak’s expression. “Yes, I am off now, since my shift was from 10 am until 6pm. As you so astutely said the other day, I am now ‘outta here’. So if you wouldn’t mind…” as he gestures to where Dean still has not moved.
As soon as he’s confident in his control over body movement, Dean flips Cas onto the bed, positions himself over top of Cas and eagerly returns the favour, swallowing as much of Cas as he possibly can when he comes. He then crawls up Cas’s body to turn to lay down beside him.
And then, of course, Misha decided to make everything even more chaotic and release another cameo in which he read the line ‘Still beautiful. Still Deacon Walker’ in Caz’s voice.
“Down you come, buddy,” Dean said and, fake roaring as a show of strength, he lifted Jack up and over his head, then plopped him down on the counter. “Not again.”
Soon after Missouri called all hands on deck to set the table, and then Claire and Kaia made their fashionably late arrival to add to the chaos.
“No. But Dr. Novak is a good professor and he knows his stuff. Dean.” She leaned forward, forcing him to swallow and meet her gaze. “You need multiple perspectives. You need to see poetry from a beginner’s lens and an expert’s lens. Learn from your classmates as well as your teacher. The discussion will help just as much as the reading list. I think you know that.”
“The fuck does that mean?” Dean’s hand curled around the handle of his gun tucked into the back of his jeans. “Why aren’t you in Palo Alto?”
Jo went behind the keys, for this one, and without further ado the band launched into some Scissor Sisters, with Billie singing lead. “I can’t decide whether you should live or die…”
“Do you think that might have had something to do with the problems you and Sam had? Not all the stuff from the outside,” Cas added hastily, “or the manipulation your brother suffered. I mean…that you were both in it for the lifestyle?”
But John Winchester didn’t even need to be in an adjacent state to effortlessly breathe down his son’s neck. There was still too much to do before he could relax, and it almost took less energy if he didn’t think about it too hard. He dropped his bags on the small kitchen table and dug out his salt supply and started by lining the door, whose lock he double checked. Then the window in that same wall above the table, and the smaller one above the sink in the kitchenette. A twinge of guilt delayed his hand before pouring it out in a long line on the low sills of the large back windows.
Without bothering to even take his coat off he dropped his bags on the floor and tipped himself back onto his bed. He closed his eyes as he toed his shoes off, remembering the almost boyish look of pleasure on Dean’s face when he’d seen the 80% Cas had jokingly marked in red at the top. Castiel so often felt like he was stumbling through his lesson plans but right now…maybe he wouldn’t make such a bad teacher after all. He wished he could track down his old high school teacher to thank him for the trick. Speaking of—
The shower curtain was off-white and thin, and the plastic rings clacked together as Dean shoved it open. He stepped into the tub, which was too small for a man of his size to have a soak. Just as well. He was liable to fall asleep, and no hunter worth his salt wanted to be found dead in a bathtub. He pulled out the water knob and flipped the shower lever without testing the temperature. Dean jumped a bit, the cold water waking him up just enough to remember to paw the curtain closed.
“Of course,” Dean muttered, but he ran. The black door opened wide before he even reached it, so he didn’t pause when he threw himself into the base of the building, then swung himself onto the wrought iron spiral staircase. It clanged and shook as they both stomped up. Dean hopped aside when he reached the platform so Cas could pop up right after.
“Course,” he said, lump in his throat. He washed it down with hot coffee. “But why shouldn’t I be worried?”
. Then he thought of the power to pull someone up from the depths of Lake Superior, the power to heal. To zap into someone’s car. Wings. Some guy named Gabriel.
“The point is that once I no longer expected a response, it changed how I spoke to him. I don’t have to start a conversation, I simply say what I want him to hear and that is enough.”
He swung his leg over the bike and settled in the seat. It was worn down and a bit uncomfortable, but the tank was full enough to get him started, so it would do. He put the keys in the ignition; the engine only took a little coaxing to roar back to life. With the ease of experience he steered her through the Pit toward the open garage door. He barely breathed as he rolled out onto the road, certain that Al would come careening around the corner any moment on his chopper of the week. But by some miracle, the neighborhood remained empty of traffic and he slipped seamlessly into the bustle of a Milwaukee rush hour. Dean’s apartment wasn’t near the Pit, exactly, but still too close for Dean’s liking. Fear lent him speed as he threw the bike into park and ran into the building.
“Dude,” said Dean, “I had to dig all the way to China for your supplies.” Post-orgasmic glow officially interrupted, Dean propped himself up on his elbow, back to Cas, and reached for the drawer. “Object now, because I’m going in.”
—the poem ripped something open inside of him, drew out his veins, and pulled the tangled strands south, planting them in the fertile soil of his first home, rooted in his family history and for the first time…
moment, between what was, and what could be. When he felt brave enough, he turned back around. Dean was still there, eyes trained on him, waiting.
. And I work hard at my job and Eileen works hard at her job because that’s how we keep what we’ve earned. The point is…if you have the opportunity, education is a powerful tool. But to get out of it what you need, you have to know what you want.” He eyed Dean earnestly, as if he could read his desires on his face.
He tried to remember her as he’d first known her, in a dingy Sioux Falls summer class for idiots like him who couldn’t pass English, and how
That night at dinner, he asked Cas what he knew about Chuck. Cas looked surprised that Dean even knew about him. “He’s very reclusive,” he said. But he couldn’t tell Dean any more than that, except for that he’d been living in the area for a long time.
He lifted his hands from Dean’s study guides, peeled off a piece of paper that stuck to one of his palms. Then, as calmly as possible, Castiel sat back down in his chair. “Tell me about the Hellraisers,” he said.
, his mind supplied. He brushed the thought away.) Dean’s response papers were improving by leaps and bounds, but Castiel was still no closer to figuring out where he’d come from, and why he’d ended up here. Missouri wasn’t being very forthcoming no matter how he asked questions, when usually she was very talkative indeed. It only made Castiel want to know
“They’re poetry,” Dean said, shocked into sharing the answer. Seriously, how had he gone through 11 and a half years of school and never freaking noticed that? He wasn’t even aware that he’d said it loud enough for Castiel to hear until the professor responded.
Dean knuckled the bridge between his eyes, trying to stave off a headache. “You and Jess both? That’s good.”
“Take another cookie,” Castiel suggested. Who was Dean to argue? He grabbed one and saluted the man with it. Castiel placed the dome back onto the plate and called “Good night” as Dean walked out the door.
Instead of saying as much, and letting the whole truth spill out—he’d even been too chicken to admit to all of them, who’d graduated easily, that he was struggling to study for his damn GED—he put on his old macho bluster that made his dad smile at him like he was part of a club. “Who says I haven’t been recreating?”
Oh, they still played their Warrant and their Rolling Stones and their Heart, but more and more songs from later generations were creeping into the set list. Ash was setting up a greater variety of distortion pedals and instruments. Some songs were chosen, it seemed, just because one musician or another wanted to play it for sheer pleasure. But a few were far less the up-tempo, we’re-all-here-to-have-fun variety. Most of them were at Dean’s behest, Cas was certain, as he was the one who sang those, and they carried the darker bent that was closer to his original music: Soundgarden, Stone Temple Pilots. Some of the moodier nu-metal songs that weren’t released for singles from Korn or Manson. And the one night they ventured into even harder territory—in emotion as well as music—Dean screamed down the building doing Otep’s “Emtee” and the crowd went absolutely nuts. The next time Cas made it to a show, he could have sworn the Roadhouse was more packed than usual. Maybe he was imagining it.
Then everyone was up and running around, making sure Dean and the other drunk people weren’t about to drive away— “Yes, even you, Cas” —and used glasses were lined up on the bar, Ash snug in his back room, Jo and Billie giggling as they unfolded a cot to share in the kitchen. When things were relatively in order, Cesar and Jesse left and Sam and Eileen got ready to do the same. Sam shoved a bunch of blankets into Cas’s arms. “That means you and Dean get the pool table.”
He sighed and trudged up the front steps to find the door unlocked. Before now, Dean could never have imagined him or Sam being able to live in a place where it was safe enough to keep the door unlocked.
The motel drive that had seemed so long in the dark had clearly been lengthened by the shadows. There was still a respectable distance between the cabins, but his walk along the old asphalt only took a few minutes until the parking lot and lodge loomed into view beyond the trees. It was at least two stories tall with windows all across the east side to give uninterrupted access to the stunning panorama just beyond it. The ground floor windows had flowerboxes with those same white geraniums that the front had, vibrant against the dark wood of the building. Above the double wooden doors hung a sign reading PARADISE COVE. The wood looked old and weatherbeaten, but the letters had been painstakingly repainted in a thick yellow. Dean grabbed a handle in each hand and tugged the doors open.
Power outage. It wouldn’t really matter except, he realized with a shiver, it was cold. His skin rippled into goosebumps. He’d fallen asleep reading like a fucking idiot, and except for where he sat on top of the comforter the sheets were cool to the touch. Grabbing his phone revealed it to be just after 10—he’d been asleep for what—five, six hours? “Fuck me,” Dean muttered. He hadn’t meant to nap, hadn’t he already gotten enough sleep the night before? And now he’d missed dinner.
Dean tossed the bag and the bottle into a nearby trash can and cradled Cas’s wrist in his hands, gently turning the joint this way and that. “It doesn’t hurt?” he asked.
For a few days, he didn’t touch the books. There was the actual homework to half-ass, his real work helping Bobby at the yard, helping keep up the house, chipping away at the Impala, and of course finding some quality time for Sammy. But nevertheless he found himself putzing around the scrapyard that weekend. He’d taken to carrying the books around with him, slim and short enough to fit in his baggy jeans. The more he walked, the more he felt their weight tugging at his belt. When he couldn’t ignore it a second longer, he climbed into an abandoned car—the broken windows allowed for a nice cross breeze in the heat—and pulled out the one called
Cas went over to the door to watch him go. Dean was most of the way down the hall, and as Cas watched, he clomped down the stairs, presumably to the second floor where class would soon begin. Castiel was left feeling wrongfooted, and like he’d missed something very, very important.
Dean huffed and mentally berated himself for the outburst. He took a fortifying gulp of chocolate and marshmallow. “I just mean,” he said when he was calmer, “I get it.”
“HEY!” came a deep voice, loud and powerful enough to cut over the engines and across the lot. It was Castiel, walking swiftly in a cold rage, tearing Sam out of Az’s grip where he’d stopped him from following Dean. In his surprise, Az let him do it.
Dean felt himself on the edge of a precipice, or a cracked door. There was still time to close it. And maybe he should.
Every single speaker completely off, as if the power had been cut. If the lights hadn’t still been blinking all around, Dean might have been tempted to think it had. Conversation died down in the wake of the sudden silence, a confused murmur taking its place.
Having only about four hours of sleep felt like back to normal, but at the same time just wrong. It’s like now that he remembered what being well rested felt like, everything about lack of sleep—the slight headache, the grittiness to his eyes—all of it sapped whatever will he had to get up and go. He shifted in the chair. There was barely a twinge to his muscles, so that was something, at least. Experimentally he poked himself in the side where his massive bruise was. The pain ached instead of spiking sharp. Dean lifted his shirt up to look. For something that had been black just yesterday, it was well on its way to yellow.
Cas jerked his head up, blue eyes wide. “Dean,” he said. He capped his pen and sat up straight. “How are you?”
Castiel knew that this was a white lie; he’d lived in Maple Hills long enough to know all the townies at least by sight if not by name (students took up half the population, after all), and Dean was no townie. Nora from the gas station had agreed; she said he was only there Tuesdays and Thursdays to fill up his gorgeous car, and then was off again west down the county road out of town. Depending on how far out he lived, being on campus early was probably a bit of a deal. “Okay,” he said, after a pause. “What can I do for you?”
One of the best things about their new relationship is that nine times out of ten, Dean can just shut Cas up with a kiss. Then, when Cas started claiming that Dean couldn’t just make out with him every time Cas started saying something that annoyed him, Dean just took it upon himself to make sure Cas wasn’t able to say
let down. Because neither Misha or Jensen actually showed up on time. Jensen did unexpectedly show up for the opening ceremonies, though.
He already knows that when he goes to sleep tonight, the pleasantly gruff way that Novak says, “Have a nice day,” is going to haunt his dreams.
Novak still hasn’t said anything, too busy trying to bore holes in Dean’s eyes to fill the silence, and he isn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth.
the air as it leaves Novak’s mouth and hits his own lips. He might be dying. The last thing he’s ever going to see is the impossible blue of Novak’s eyes, and he can’t help but think it’d be a fucking amazing last sight.
And with that wonderfully elaborate speech, he turns to the crew room to grab his stuff, and doesn’t look back.
Most of it goes by in a blur, Dean only thinking of the confession that no one else knows is coming, dreaming of the social media explosion that surely is inevitable.
Dean grins. He knows Eileen doesn’t really like Jared, either. But he’s not going to be the one to spill the beans on that.
that all we’re going to do about this situation is maintain radio and company silence until everyone just forgives and forgets about this Spanish dub situation.”
He folds his arms over his pillows and places his head on them, the electricity from before on the sidewalk back and more potent than ever. Cas rests back down on him just below his ass, his big-soft-amazing-warm hands slowly tracing their way up his back, to his shoulders, then down his folded arms.
He raises an eyebrow at Novak, daring him to challenge the lyrics. “What about it? You heard me, I sang what I sang.”
His brain malfunctions for about five minutes after that, mistaking a smoothie for a slushie and almost wiping out on the freshly mopped floor he didn’t notice was wet, but he thinks that’s not too unreasonable of a reaction to Novak’s distracting presence.
Cas drags him up from his knees, wraps both arms around him, and kisses him breathless. “But then we wouldn’t get to enjoy the next part as much,” Cas manages when he breaks away, and then he pushes Dean backward onto his bed. Both of them are already naked- the trail of clothes all through his apartment and leading to Dean’s bedroom can attest to that- so they waste no time trailing hands over each other and exploring all the skin they can.
It really says something that not a single member of the staff is astonished or alarmed by the accident, they just adjust their course to go around it.
” Novak sounds surprised, to say the least, at the request, and Dean considers this may not have been the best idea, even if he gets to listen to Novak’s voice over the headset, because what the fuck.
He couldn’t understand for the life of him why Cas didn’t let him say it then, but he thinks he gets it now. He hates Cas for it. He hates Cas for doing this to him. He hates himself more, though. Because this is all Dean’s fault.
The toll it takes on Dean to pass the time is both the exact same and completely different from the unknown amount of hours he spent on the floor of the dungeon. Then, he felt every single second, every single breath he took, every heartbeat that expanded his body enough to brush the clothing covering his arm. And yet, he also felt as though he’d never been so disconnected from reality. In those moments, he could have blinked, only to open his eyes to the bunker being crumbling, plant-infested, and dark- having completely eroded in the passage of time.
Dean chuckles, pressing a quick kiss to his lips, then leans back to start moving again, chasing his own release. He was already on the verge of coming when Cas did, so it doesn’t take long for him to get back to that peak.
Cas pulls away only for the half-second it takes him to say, “You can move your arms now,” before he attaches himself back to Dean’s mouth.
“Gateway? Who the fuck talks like that? This is, uh,” he gestures to the small opening between the counter and the wall that connects the lobby of the restaurant to the back where all the staff work, “a gap. It’s a gap.” One that Dean is currently filling, because naturally, it's only wide enough for one person to get by at a time. Which means he’s got Novak trapped- for the time being at least.
“Uh, right,” Dean stammers, apparently only able to manage single syllable words at the moment. “Okay. Bye.”
Dean attempts to process this and fails horribly, so what else is new. He thinks a train crash just happened in his head because that’s what it feels like. His thoughts were all dangerous and moving way too fast for him, but then as soon as Sam said that it’s apparently possible to bring someone back from the Empty, it all flew off the rails in a destructive, flaming pile up of cargo that clearly can’t move anymore.
The click of the bathroom door and the running of the water snap him back into motion. He walks to the bathroom and fast as he safely can, opens the door and slips inside, intercepting Cas just before he was about to get under the water again.
Dean knows that he’ll never want for anything, ever again, as long as his lips are pressed against Cas's. An angel capable of bringing cities to ruin, of parting seas, of incalculable strength, and his lips are soft against Dean’s. Soft, warm, and
Twenty minutes later, just as he’s finishing up brewing a pot of decaf, he steps over to the magnetic fridge to grab a marker to write the time on it, and when he turns back around, Novak is there. And he’s picking up the pot Dean just brewed.
“I’m- holy shit. I wish I had found a way to make you jealous sooner,” Dean wheezes as he finally is able to perform normal brain functions again. “That was fucking amazing, Cas.”
Dean doesn’t remember what it felt like, being rescued from hell, but if he had to hazard a guess, it felt like this. He feels like he’s been saved all over again, even if it was Cas that was in need of help. It was a touch that bonded them together in the beginning, and now it’s a touch that seals them here.
of pillow talk. I’ve just- never done it before. Plus, this show is what brought us together, have more respect for it in bed.”
Off to the side, Castiel starts quietly chuckling, and Dean frantically tries to piece together what’s so funny. Does Dean have something on his face? Was it something he said? There’s no way Castiel knows about tjlc, so-
Dean turns on Castiel the second he’s clear of any possible witnesses to whatever the fuck is about to happen. “I’m gonna get right to the point here. How the
It’s barely five minutes later when Dean is making five Oreo McFlurries, four of them already lined up on the counter and ready to go in the delivery bag, when he sees Novak walking purposefully towards him.
He trails off once he looks up at Novak across from him. His eyes, once again just a bit too wide, mouth open, and just a touch of red colouring his cheeks. How he still manages to look heart-stoppingly beautiful while simultaneously looking like he’s the one that’s having a heart attack is beyond Dean, but somehow Novak manages it.
This delivery has four large iced coffees on the order- thankfully only regular and with no extra stuff added- that Dean just finished putting all the lids on, reaching down to pick them all up from the drink station by the front, and place them on the delivery table for Jack to put in the bag, when Novak comes out of nowhere and demands, “Are these all regular?”
“Great. Just great. Now I get to go count change while I internally agonize over fucking bananas. Thanks a lot.”
Dean might wake up. He might still be unconscious. He thinks he would never notice a difference if he did wake. How do you know you’re not dead while you’re sleeping? Eventually, though, he manages to figure out what darkness is the back of his eyelids and what darkness is the Empty. What he figures out is that when he’s awake, he feels terror and heartbreak like a residue coating his body. When he’s sleeping, he feels nothing. He doesn’t remember what must have been bloody and broken nightmares.
“Mm. Yes, well. Maybe they’re too busy trying to fix all our already-perfectly functioning ice cream machines.”
“Yeah, yeah sweetheart, I got you.” He twists his hand on the upstroke at the same time he captures Cas’s mouth in a deep kiss, and Cas comes- Dean making sure to swallow his groans.
“Cool, thanks, Cas.” Dean interjects, before Sam is able to open his mouth again. “Now, if my dear brother here would deign to stop harassing me about how long I’ve been gone, I believe you and I have better things to do? Right, sunshine?”
“I think I would be lying if I said there is another person here who cares about the fans, or their opinions, or how they feel.” Castiel says it like it’s simply a way of life. A universal truth acknowledged in the presence of people with too much power. Dean’s not quite sure what to say to that, except that Castiel is probably right.
getting baited. This time, by Misha and Jensen themselves. The promise of a live GISH Q&A had sent the dezricule into a state of breathless anticipation- even if no questions were actually asked about Caz or the confession.
“The speed at which you left the meeting and everyone else behind was probably the fastest I’ve ever seen anyone move in this place.”  Castiel pauses. “Actually, there was that one time Kripke was here and thought he heard someone say Jensen was in the building…”
Novak, once again glaring at Dean with steely blue eyes that only kind of make Dean want to fall to his knees and beg for something-  forgiveness, maybe- when this
The void doesn't reach out, though. In a small act of mercy, it spares Dean the horror of having so many parts of his nightmares acted out in front of him again. It just… stays there. On the wall. The black tendrils form a circular opening, but as Sam had warned, no Cas walks through it.
It’s the wedding today. Not Valentine's Day, nope, society has progressed past the need to celebrate that holiday. It’s Deacon and Cazriel’s wedding. Even Tumblr agrees with Dean, because #dezriel and #wedding are trending higher than the actual Valentines Day tag, for fucks sake. Not to mention #Deacaz wedding is already trending on Twitter, too.
“I’m sure.” Novak’s tone is like flash frozen ice- cold and clearly not warming up any time soon. Dean isn’t deluded into thinking this is a debate. “You just clean this up, got it?”
He reaches the end of the hall and presses the button for the elevator. The doors open, and Dean half expects there to be an angry mob holding fire and pitchforks. He’s got the directions already in his head to lead them the right way to the conference room.
He has to remind himself that there’s a chance. There's a glimmer of hope that is more than Dean’s intangible and stupidly positive thoughts about the endeavor.
Just as he’s all psyched up as much as he can be to go back to late orders and whiny customers, he notices Novak making his way over to where Dean is standing in the opening leading onto the floor. The reaction Dean has to the determination and purpose exuding from him can’t be normal. He’s literally just walking forward- it shouldn’t be that captivating.
“Don’t ‘Charlie’ me. Go tell Gabe you’re not feeling good or something and that you need to go sit down.”
It’s nice, he guesses, when there’s a break in order-taking, because then you can just talk to the person cashing beside you. However, Meg isn't exactly the most… sociable out of all the staff. Prickly, is the word Dean would use to describe her.
It’s a whole week before he gets scheduled 2-7 on drive thru with Novak, and he tells himself he didn’t miss him. Nope. Not his piercing eyes, his blunt sarcasm, and his scary amount of competence. Not at all.
. He’s been working with Castiel Novak for years now, as he is the unfortunate CW exec in charge of the PR division and therefore also in charge of relaying all of Dean’s PR expertise and data to the board. They’ve never really got along, but Dean had thought they’d at least managed to find a middle ground where they tolerate each other.
He barely registers Cas’s right fumbling around by his side, until he realizes the wall behind him is actually the door to the men’s bathroom that Cas is swinging open and pulling him into. He’s so glad that at least Cas is thinking somewhat rationally- his own brain is shot.
Cas looks up and places his chin on top of his hands on Dean’s chest, smiling at him like he’s just been told the greatest news of his life.
Dean breaks the gaze like he’s coming up for air, except that he’s never been more happy to continue drowning.
Christ. Dean’s not sure he can handle his brain shutting down right before a 2 hour lecture at 10 am. He tells himself it would be much easier to just keep walking and let Novak go past him, but of course he doesn’t listen to himself.
While Dean waited for everything to be ready, he’d managed to find Sam- who was frantically doing last minute set dec checks- to catch up with him, since they hadn’t seen each other since pizza on Friday.
Dean starts tuning out after that. If he wanted a bunch of old white men sitting at a table and yelling, he’d… well, this is what he gets for working for the CW.
Cas finally pulls away and gives Dean a perfect view of Cas’s now messed up clothes, twinkling eyes, and kiss-swollen lips. He’s the most captivating sight Dean’s ever seen.
At this point, he knows there’s no use arguing with Charlie. He throws his hands up in a silent surrender, and goes to fake an illness to Gabriel.
Dean slumps over and cradles his face in his hands, forcefully trying to rid his brain of Novak’s ‘fun fact’.
“I love you, too.” Cas rumbles, not a flicker of hesitation in his words, his voice half-muffled into Dean’s shoulder. “But I really am hungry. You should get on that.
against Cas's mouth, the feeling of him so close to Dean incredibly overwhelming. Cas lets out a helpless sigh against Dean’s mouth and he takes the opportunity to press his tongue between Cas's lips, taking the opportunity to map out his mouth like he’ll never get to again. It’s not an unreasonable thought, Dean reminds himself.
“I got you, Cas, come on. I’ve got you, sweetheart.” Cas arches off the bed, his hands wrapping around Dean's shoulders to hold him to his chest as tightly as possible as he comes. Dean slows down his strokes and his thrusts, making sure not to drive Cas into an uncomfortable level of oversensitivity as he shivers through the aftershocks.
“Bela is taking over for you, just as soon as she actually is present here to do so. There was a note on the schedule, however, saying that she might be a few minutes late.”
“As you all know, this kind of embarrassment of the studio and company cannot be tolerated. An original script not getting replaced is a mistake that a middle schooler makes, not a…”
Needless to say, of all the things he was expecting, Jensen wanting both of their opinions on a Supernatural reboot was so far off the list it was barely even a concept. He should have known, honestly. Being anywhere in the vicinity of the show and it’s fandom basically ensures that any new development and drama is going to hit you like a goddamn truck going a couple thousand miles an hour.
Dean watches him close his eyes, visibly take a deep breath, and then slowly walk back to his till that he had abandoned. Novak keeps his back turned to him, facing the till, for the majority of the shift, but he doesn’t leave Dean’s sight again.
Castiel is also in this meeting and by god does he look like he walked straight out of a magazine cover shoot and right into this shithole of an entertainment company. He’s wearing a black suit that has
weird but absurdly compelling stuff about Cazriel and Deacon, and Dean still hasn’t received a text. He goes back to scrolling and wonders how the hell this actually became his job.
Yes, of course constantly being aware of a particular coworker is a perfectly normal thing to do at work, why do you ask?
Dean tries his vocal chords again. “Yeah. Yeah, what he said.” He tries not to stare at Castiel for too long, and isn’t sure if he fails or not. “I’m going to tell you now, the initial response isn’t going to be an overwhelmingly positive one, but you’ll definitely get that when you announce the Deacon and Caz reboot.”
Jensen nodded in agreement, thanked Dean again, then left to begin the lead up to the actual shooting.
Novak bites his lip, pulling it between his teeth before smoothing over it with his tongue. Dean chokes out a moan that Novak swallows down because
He walks to the back freezer, mumbling under his breath about how much more entertaining and enjoyable it’d be if Novak leaned into some jokes for once, or even came up with his own, for god's sake.
not going to survive this. He can’t even form words at this point to tell Cas that this is by far the hottest thing he’s ever seen, never mind been a part of.
“Oh, and Bobby’s coming through the drive thru sometime in the next hour.” Now Novak is the one smirking at him. “Just thought you should have something to look forward to.”
“Yeah, yeah, okay. Sure. You think I look nice. Now you go back to your shower, let me have my fun on this hellsite.”
It wouldn’t even be that improbable- Misha has even told Dean that he has his own account there where he watches everything from the shadows, and given how close he and Jensen are, it’s definitely possible Misha sends Jensen posts.
Reluctant to leave the sanctity of his bed, but now realizing he’s also starving, Dean slowly pushes the blankets back, moving to stand up. The moment he clears the bed, Cas is standing up right beside him, wrapping his arms around Dean’s neck, and pulling him into a hug.
He closes his eyes. Or maybe they were already closed, he’s not sure. He thinks of Cas's face, illuminated by warm light. Looking at Dean in a situation that isn’t his last, eyes shining with the hidden knowledge of a thousand worlds and civilizations behind them, all a secret. Cas is unknowable, but Dean knows he tried to be known by him.
Dean paces the room some more, and he runs his hands through his hair, messing it up so it sticks in all directions. If the circumstances were different, Cas would probably smile at it. He almost does anyways.
and he looks up at her. “Probably in the car,” he says. “It’ll be cold, but — we’ll be outta the wind. And I got blankets. It’s no big deal,” he says. “Dad used to do it with Sam and I all the time.”
Cas just grumbles and Dean walks them slowly toward the general direction of the shower. He hears Cas fling the curtain out of his way. He peels himself out of Dean's grip, only holding on to him to steady himself as he lifts one leg and then the other over the edge of the tub. Dean inhales sharply when Cas lets go of him and closes the shower curtain again, preparing himself for the worst.
Cas sighs and sinks down onto the air mattress. “Can you— can you just trust me when I say I can’t tell you yet? That you’ll know soon enough?” he asks.
He once sucked all of the creatures into this place inside himself. It’s only fitting that he spends the rest of his time alive inside it. It’s poetic, he’s sure, but he doesn’t like to think of it that way. He doesn’t like to think of it at all.
“Lay on your back for me?” Dean says into his mouth, and he pinches just slightly at one of Castiel’s nipples.
After a moment, Cas takes the bottle from Dean’s grip, and their fingers touch. Dean just sighs and leans into Cas some more, resting his head on his shoulder. He looks down at Jack in Cas’ arms, sucking away at the bottle. “He sucks those things down fast, real hungry kid. Shouldn’t take him long at all, and then I can burp him for ya. Or you can, and I can just talk you through it,” he offers. “Probably wanna make up for lost time, huh?”
They look at each other for a long moment. Cas’ heart is in his throat. He presses the palm of the hand not holding Dean’s to his cheek. He smiles and sweeps his thumb under Dean’s eye. Dean is so beautiful. Cas would look at him forever if he could. He looks into Dean’s eyes and sees no flecks of yellow. Only a vast sea of green that he wants to swim in forever.
Dean thinks for a moment. If they leave now, it'll be dark when they get there. They'll either have to wait til morning to scout the area or do it in the dark, and Dean doesn't love either idea. They either have to scout for a Djinn in the dark, or wait til morning and possibly let it's victims die in the process.
"Dean, are you alright? I'm so sorry, I never meant to upset you. I wouldn't have bothered you, but your door was open..." Cas trails off and rubs Dean's back. "I'm sorry, Dean. I can stop expressing my feelings. You're aware of them, and I shouldn't have pushed." He sighs, crouching down to be at eye level with Dean.
Cas can’t help but think what a stark difference this Dean is from the one he saw just last night. Dean had moments sometimes, where he let the love and kindness inside of his heart truly shine through. Those are the moments that Cas lives for. He doesn’t get them often. Dean is all mixed signals and complicated emotions that Cas can’t begin to unravel.
He’s more than content to sit in the back corner of a Missouri diner and watch Cas eat. He even goes so far as to hook their ankles together beneath the table where no one can see, which earns him a hint of pink crawling up Cas’ cheeks, all the way to the tips of his ears. He wishes he could grab his hand and rub his thumbs over the top of his knuckles, but — it’s too risky. Even in their relatively secluded corner.
Cas wordlessly strips, crawls into the bed, and clicks the lamp off. His arms find Dean in the dark, pulling him close to his chest and tucking his head beneath his chin. “I love you, Dean. I love you more than I could possibly express, even in my native tongue,” he whispers, pressing a kiss to Dean’s head.
to make a move. He's already told Dean everything there is to tell him. It's Dean's turn to decide what he wants to do with that, and he fucking hates it. He hates it because he's scared. He thinks absently that if Cas kissed him, he definitely wouldn't put up a fight. He's pretty damn sure that he would even
Dean leads Cas to the Dean-Cave and they sit side-by-side in the recliners. Dean turns the TV on and pulls up Netflix. They sit in comfortable silence, watching TV.
He shakes himself out of that train of thought, mentally whacking himself. Not the fucking time. He starts up his car, grins at the way she groans beneath his touch, and sets off in the direction of the address Cas had given him.
Dean snaps. He obviously isn’t very educated on these things quite yet, but he knows that a demon deal can’t mean anything good. Clearly, it doesn’t, if his brother ended up with demon blood running through his veins because of whatever deal his mother made.
Mary nods her head where it’s tucked beneath her oldest son’s chin and she squeezes him around the middle once before she pulls back. “You’re right,” she says. “You pretty much already claimed the attic, so everyone else can pick whatever free rooms they want. I assume you and Cas are sharing, and there’s enough rooms for everyone else to have their own.”
before he can face Cas. He sits down at the table and downs the rest of his beer in one go, and then pours himself another cup of coffee. He sits at the table as he sips it,  lost in thought.
Dean doesn’t think he quite recognizes the woman painting sigils on the ceiling of this house in El Paso. She’s different from the mother he grew up with.
“It’s perfect, Missouri, thank you,” Dean says, because it’s homemade and didn’t come from a fucking can and there’s
“Get some rest,” Cas tells him, and he makes himself more comfortable in Dean’s arms. His face is pressed right against Dean’s neck, and Dean sorta worries that he won’t be able to breathe after a few minutes until he remembers all the nights he’s spent in the exact same position that Cas is in now, and remembers that he could breathe just fine. He runs his hand through Cas’ damp hair, and presses another kiss there.
Cas looks frazzled, they both do, but they’re a lot more calm. All of the color is drained from his mother’s face. “Mom?” Dean asks, timid. “What the hell happened?”
Dean takes him apart and puts him together again, like he's always done. And when they come together with Dean buried inside of him, Cas gasps Dean's name against his lips. That's perfect, too.
“Right. I don’t think he can tell me what happened right now, so I’m gonna need you to. After I get him clean. I’m about to get him naked, so you might want to…” Dean trails off, shooing her gently with a wave of his hand.
Dean nods, untucks his head from beneath Cas’ chin to press a blind kiss to his lips. “Goodnight,” he says.
Cas licks into his mouth, and Dean lets him. They haven’t exactly kissed like this since before Cas was taken, but Dean doesn’t have any complaints. He just feels bad because he can’t let it go anywhere, at least not right now. He’s gotta wash Cas’ hair, and then he’s gotta climb into the shower to give him one last rinse.
Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever witnessed Dean getting out of bed to make Sam tea at three in the morning just because Sam had a sore throat. He cares for him, sure. When Sam still needs him to. But he doesn’t do it like this.
Cas presses their lips together in the same instant that Dean reaches forward to slip his hand between Cas’ thighs. It’s become a habit — there’s not really anything sexual about it, he just — he likes the warmth. He likes the closeness.
about that per se, he’s just not sure if Cas is heading there intentionally or not. Either way, he doesn’t mind. He doesn’t mind at all.
Mary shakes her head on her way out the door. “Dad’s not coming, sweetie. Stay here with your brother. I’ll be back shortly.”
Dean brushes some hair from his face, let’s his fingers trail down Cas’ cheek. “You don’t have to say it back. Just wanted you to know,” he says, and he finds it to be true. He’s not even going to be mad or upset if Cas doesn’t want to say it back. He knows it hasn’t been a long time since they met, but he also knows he’s never felt this way before. He knows he’s never been able to force himself to admit that out loud to anyone else, and he knows how easy it was to let them fall out of his mouth when Cas was on the receiving end. He doesn’t need to hear it back, he just needed to say it.
His friend just sighs once more, and Castiel can hear him sloshing around in the water again. He doesn’t dare turn to look, but he catches sight of the back of Dean’s head in his peripheral vision. What he hears next is the soft gurgling sound that comes with the tub being drained. He can see the water level go down, and he can see the film of filth that it leaves behind as it drains. It makes Castiel’s eyes sting, but he won’t let himself cry. Not in front of Dean.
Sam frowns at him, but he complies, he scooches over into the driver's seat and glances backward at Cas and Jack. Dean’s a little surprised he hasn’t said hello, but he’s probably just doing the same thing Dean is -- giving Cas some time with his kid before they have to catch him up on everything he’s missed. Dean doesn’t wanna interrupt them, and Sam probably just doesn’t either.
He takes the towel off of Cas’ shoulders and uses it to ruffle his hair, just to get it to the point where it’s not dripping all over him anymore. When he’s done, he gets to work drying Cas’ body for him, and his own body air dries at the same time. He’s a little cold, but he doesn’t really mind it.
Anna scoffs from over on the couch. “Show-off,” she mouths, but the corner of her mouth is upturned and there’s no heat behind her words.
sorry. Dean, you have to go home. Go, be with our family. You’re going to need them just as much as they need you,” Cas says, and Dean’s forced to drop his arms because the sludge is sliding under them.
“Always thought I was more of a masochist, myself,” he half-jokes, and he shoots Cas a wink that makes his whole face turn red.
He finds it with relative ease, even in the inky blackness of the morning. Cas’ tongue slips inside his mouth like that’s where it belongs, and Dean hums.
Dean feels Cas deflate in his arms and sink deeper into the touch. It crushes Cas, and he can’t help dropping a kiss to the top of Dean’s head. He’s not sure how exactly to handle this. Dean doesn’t usually let his emotions show, at least not the negative ones. Anger, maybe, but never sadness. “I want to remember, Cas.”
“Yours, too. You’ve been good, you’ve earned it,” Cas whispers against his lips, and getting Dean’s pants off turns out to be a lot easier. Dean just has to lift his hips and let Cas pull them down just below his knees. Dean kicks them the rest of the way off after that, and Cas leans down to start kissing down the very center of his throat.
The second time is about 2 weeks after the first, and they're back at home in the bunker. Living with Cas is proving to be quite a feat for Dean. Seeing him walk around with his messy, unkempt, slept-on hair all the time was making Dean weak in the knees. Not to mention, they still hadn't gotten around to buying Cas clothes of his own, so he was just borrowing things from Sam and Dean. Usually Dean, though, which Dean certainly took note of.
against his own face, against his neck, between his legs— yeah, alright, enough of that. He doesn’t wanna get hard in his fucking art history class.
Cas’ eyes widen slightly at this, and he looks at his bare hands. “You think so? They aren’t too much?”
Dean’s eyes almost bug out of his head. It sends Cas into another fit of laughter, and he drops his forehead to Dean’s shoulder as he does. He can’t believe this. He really can’t. He’s so overcome with joy that he’s bursting at the seams with it.
He says his goodbyes to his friends, hugging and thanking each of them as he goes. Charlie wraps up what’s left of the pie and insists that Dean take it home, so he does. He tells all of them goodbye, not sure when any of them will be able to make time to hang out again with school starting back up. They’re all going to be busy in their final semester of school, and it could be spring break before they all have time to hang out together like this. Hopefully, Anna will be back by then. Dean’s trying not to get his hopes up.
Aaron pulls another cocktail, identical to his own, out of thin air. He hands it over. “Hey, Dean,” he says, but he keeps staring out at the water. He’s smiling, and he closes his eyes after a few beats. Like maybe he’s realizing he took the sun shining on his face for granted, too.
"Don't put your shirt on right after you shower. Let me disinfect whatever wounds you have before you get dressed," Dean says. He's going to let Cas have the first shower again - he always does. "And be careful while you're in there, okay? They're gonna sting more than you think once you're under the water. Don't pick or scrub at them, just rinse them with water and I'll clean them for real when you're done."
Cas nods. “I feel much better, yes. Thank you.” He pauses. “The headache is still there, but it isn’t as bad.”
Anna thinks for a moment, and her eyes flit back and forth between Dean and Cas. After a few agonizingly awkward moments with Monica and Chandler fighting on the TV in the background, she starts to nod her head. “Well, I don’t like trusting outsiders. But like I said, something’s better than nothing. We should at least try.”
Sam, seemingly recovered from nearly being shoved through a wall, comes to sit on the bed beside Dean. “You remember how I was telling you about our best friend?” he asks, shooting daggers at Cas with his gaze when Dean turns to look at him. Cas throws him an apologetic smile and then turns it into a softer one when he turns to meet Dean’s eyes.
“Do you guys know what you wanna order?” they ask, their eyes darting back and forth between Dean and Cas.
Dean nods again and kisses his way back down Castiel’s abdomen, sucking a kiss into his hipbone. “So gorgeous like this, Cas. All laid out for me. Just for me,” he whispers reverently, the small bottle of lube still clutched in one hand. Castiel feels the heat of Dean’s breath against his skin, the gentle press of lips to the underside of his cock. Dean laves his tongue back and forth there for a few seconds and Castiel is helpless to do anything but take it, to let Dean worship him in any way he sees fit. He hears Dean pop open the lube bottle, and he feels his heartbeat kick up inside his chest. He’s breathing hard and heavy before he even realizes it, tensing when Dean’s slick finger circles his rim.
Dean smiles like he’s proud of Castiel for asking for something he needs. “You got it,” he says, untangling their limbs so he can make his way to the kitchen. He smacks a kiss right to Castiel’s forehead, and before he hits the door, Cas asks, “And something else for the fever?” and Dean just winks and shoots him a thumbs up, so Castiel relaxes back into the bed and lets his eyes drift shut once more.
(He kind of wants to be all over that, anyways. That doesn’t mean he’s going to admit it to anyone, including himself.)
Dean turns bashful after a few moments. “I know that you said in your dream that… that I... m-made love… to you. But I was wondering if maybe, you… wanted to…” He trails off, falters on certain words like they don’t quite fit in his mouth, like he wasn’t made to say them. Except, he was. He is. Cas knows what he’s asking, anyways. He knows Dean like no one else ever has.
But this Dean, the Dean he misses, the Dean he fell in love with… kisses him with such gentleness, such curiosity, and it makes Cas miss him even more than he had before. He’s right here, and Cas misses him. So fucking stupid. Dean blows the smoke out of his nose as they kiss, both of them unwilling to break away from where their lips meet.
Dean shrugs. “We play a lot of Cards Against Humanity,” he says. “But we also bust out Monopoly sometimes, which is always intense.”
Dean knows he's staring, but at the moment he cannot bring himself to give a fuck. This is the most of Cas he's ever seen, and he's shocked. Shocked at how tan his body is. How toned he is, and (once again) how
Dean spends the rest of the night listening to Cas explain the logistics of how he got out of The Empty. Essentially, Jack had just plucked him right on out. Dean wonders absently why the
Dean looks up at him with sad eyes -- not pity, just sad -- and presses a kiss to his cheek. “Why do you let him treat you like that?” he whispers.
“I love you, Cas,” he continues, and it’s even easier to say the second time. “I love you so much that I’m not sure what the fuck to do with it. I know I don’t deserve you, after everything I’ve put you though. I know you don’t want me back, man — who would? I know I’m angry, and selfish, and hotheaded, and just generally a
Dean kinda feels like a dick all of the sudden — what if Cas has issues with food or something? He swallows his own bite and clears his throat. “Can I ask you something?” he asks.
which astonishes him. He knows how expensive this stuff can get, so he smacks a kiss to Andrea’s cheek and throws one arm around Benny’s shoulders. He doesn’t crack it open at the party because really he just wants to get
Cas follows him into his room and plops down on the bed, leaning back against the pillows and the headboard. “Will you bring your Monster pants? They’re comfortable,” he says.
Dean groans and surges forward again, dipping his tongue into Cas’ mouth like it belongs there. He acts as if it might kill him not to.
That’s how he finds himself here in the bathtub of the bunker, sitting in water that’s lukewarm at best and getting colder by the minute. It’s gone murky now, the dried blood and grime that comes from a rough hunt polluting the waters that are supposed to be helping him get clean.
"Dean, we'll find him. He has to be one of two places. We'll find him," Sam makes an attempt at reassuring Dean, but Dean wants to crumple to the ground and never stand back up. It's his fault. It's his fault, he knew Cas was off his game tonight. He knew Cas was tired and vulnerable. He should have fought him harder, maybe knocked him out with a good punch. Anything but this.
Cas nods and stands from the couch, and then his wings are outstretched. Dean’s still in awe, even though he’d spent quite a bit of time only a few hours ago getting to know them quite intimately. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to his boyfriend having
how to cook, son,” Missouri says, and she punctuates it with a laugh. Well, Dean can’t argue with her there.
The nameless frat dude nods his head, pulling a cigarette out of his pack and handing it to Dean. He holds a lighter out to him. Dean cups his hand around the flame and lights the cigarette, handing the lighter back. Menthol. “Thanks, man,” he says, turning back to face forward and stare out into the street, devoid of all activity at this hour.
“No, man. Go watch TV in our room. I’ll be there when I finish up, okay?” Dean says, his tone and expression both much softer than they had been moments ago. It fills Cas with warmth, all the way through the tips of his fingers.
my home," he says, like it's the simplest, truest fact in the world. Like it's not meant to make Dean crumple into a pile of tears and feelings.
Cas is about to speak, but he's cut off by the rumble of his own stomach, telling him he needs to eat. This, of course, sends Dean into a fit of laughter. "C'mon, buddy. Enough warm and fuzzy. Let me make you lunch," he says, hauling himself up off the bed. "We probably should get dressed. I dunno when Sam's gonna be back. He's probably expecting... this," Dean gestures to the space between them, "But it'd probably traumatize him to see us walking through the Bunker naked."
Castiel shakes his head. “The bunker. I just want to stay, Dean. Here, in your home. I don’t want to leave you,” he says, and he hangs his head. He feels pitiful once more. Dean wants so much from him, and all Castiel can bring himself to ask for is a place to call home. It’s more than he deserves in the first place, after all he’s done. “I want everything that you want, too,” he adds, “but more than anything, I’d just like to stay.”
“So good, Cas. A little too good. One or the other, man, but not both. Can’t take it,” Dean admits. “Besides, I wanna feel you. I wanna feel it. All of it.”
Dean grins at that, thinks he probably blushes, but he internally blames it on the heat of the shower. “Good,” he says softly. “Me too.”
Mary smiles at him, the same kind, gentle smile she’s always given him. “Of course it’s fine. You know I always cook too much anyways,” she says. “Well what’d you leave him in the car for? Let’s get him inside.”
to, at least not in the way he loves Cas. He presses a kiss to Cas’ temple, and then untangles himself to start on the dishes.
He thinks he’s kissing Cas’ shoulder and up his neck while he rubs his back, trying to coax him awake. “Baby,” he says quietly, against the shell of his ear. “They need us out there. C’mon, you gotta wake up,” he says gently, nibbling at Cas’ earlobe.
Dean’s stunned. He knew they were working on something, but he never thought they’d figure it out. He certainly didn’t think they’d figure it out so soon.
Dean nods his head, a few more tears rolling out of his eyes. One of them gets in his ear. He doesn’t even care. Cas bends down to kiss him as he pops open the lube, and Dean can hear the slick sounds of him getting himself ready. Angels are really good multitaskers, apparently.
Cas is still at his side, and Dean’s pretty sure he can feel how hard Cas is staring at him. He turns to face him, and sure enough, Cas looks concerned. “Are you alright?” he asks, his voice most likely hushed for the same reason Dean hasn’t said hello to his mother.
Dean looks up at him expectantly, and Cas wants to stay in this moment for the rest of his life. He’s never seen Dean this vulnerable. He looks almost child-like in his innocence. He knows the circumstances aren’t ideal, but the look on Dean’s face… he’s never seen Dean trust him this openly before. His eyes are just a little bit wide, and the green stands out against the whites of his eyes, which are tinted pink from the irritation of his tears. Cas can just see his soul shining through them, he can see it in all its radiance.
He flushes. “Yeah, sounds like a good idea,” he says, leaning back down to press a kiss to Cas’ cheek. Jesus, he’s got it bad. He’s got it so much worse than he’d ever imagined. “How long have you been up?” he asks, stretching his arms above his head.
Alright, admittedly, Dean’s a little confused. Cas had just tried to stop him from saying all of that, but he’s standing there
Cas has been holding his breath, not quite on purpose, so he makes a decision, because it’s not like any of this will matter tomorrow, anyways. He’ll either die tomorrow, or he won’t exist if Dean changes something when he goes back. So really, it doesn’t matter at all. He remembers how he felt about Dean in 2009, remembers wanting things that he wasn’t allowed to, feeling things that he wasn’t made to feel.
Dean grumbles as he rolls out of bed. He figures, if Cas is really back, he should probably get changed. He's been wearing these clothes for days, seeing no point in changing them. He wasn't leaving the Bunker. Hell, he was hardly leaving his
He makes his way through the house, all the while keeping his hand firmly around Cas’ wrist. Meg is probably here, and knowing her she’ll be gunning for round two with Cas. Over Dean’s dead body. Absolutely fucking not. So, he drags Cas into the kitchen to find Charlie huddled in the corner with some girl he thinks is named Lisa, but he’s not sure. He’s pretty sure he has one of his classes with her, but he can’t put his finger on which one.
They’re outside Dean’s apartment before he knows it, and he groans when he realizes it. He’s gonna have to fucking walk up the stairs. Cas is at his side in no time, helping him out of the car without even being asked. Dean flings an arm over his shoulders, humming when Cas’ fits around his waist. He leans on Cas probably more than is strictly necessary, but sue him, he likes to be close. He doesn’t often have the excuse to be this close to Cas, and he wants to hang on to it for every last second that he can. “You’re a good friend, Cas.”
Dean nods. Nods like he understands. Nods like he could ever possibly understand the guilt that still weighs on Cas every day for robbing those memories of being cradled, being rescued, being
They kiss gently and slowly, little to no force behind it, until Dean starts to drift off with his lips still pressed against Cas. He doesn’t pull away.
Dean runs a hand through his hair. “Do you know any that are — sketchy? Any witch at all, really, we just — we need —” he sighs and scrubs his hands over his face. “We just need to get him home,” he sighs. He hasn’t had anyone else to talk to about the whole boyfriend-from-the-future thing for the last three weeks, and he’s fuckin’ tired of it. Cas gets it to some extent, but — Missouri’s the only other person he’s interacted with for longer than a few seconds in almost a month.
So anyways, he’s in bed with Cas. Just like every morning. He has the next three days off, so there’s no rush for either of them to get out of bed. Cas doesn’t work, and Dean likes it that way. He wouldn’t call Cas his ‘housewife,’ or anything, but… well.
Cas lets him know where he is, and Dean pulls off to the shoulder of the road to make a U-turn. Sam glances at him sideways, nodding to the baby in the backseat, and Dean shoots him an apologetic glance. He guns it, the car roars to life, and Jack begins to cry.
for the first time that Dean’s seen in weeks. “It’s very good,” he admits, and he dips the grilled cheese into the soup again. Before he takes another bite, he whispers, “Thank you.”
Cas doesn’t need to wake him up, the knock at the door does. Cas pats him on the knee, “I got it,” he says, using Dean’s knee as leverage to push himself up off the couch.
Cas rolls his eyes fondly and traipses over to the fridge to grab a carton of eggs. Dean cracks four of them into the pan with the leftover bacon grease and puts a lid on top of the pan so that the tops of the eggs cook, too. Dean grabs the bread from the pantry himself and pops 4 slices in the toaster. By the time the toast is done, the eggs will be, too, and they can eat.
When Dean finds out that Cas left him, he’s less than pleased. He’s angry — rightfully so. Cas can feel it coming off of him. The longing isn't replaced by the anger, but it hums beneath the surface of it, now. Cas knows that his actions are inexcusable, but he also knows that with them, he kept Dean safe. As safe as a human could be in a place like this.
They sit on the motel bed together, the air thick with silence aside from both of them breathing, slow and steady. Cas jumps a little when Dean stands up abruptly and starts to stretch.
Cas reaches out to touch Dean’s chest, trailing it all the way down and over until he reaches the handprint on his hip. “Is it wrong that I’m happy this stayed after I lost my grace?” he whispers, pressing his hand to fit the print perfectly. “Even if I’m not an angel anymore, you’re still mine. This is proof,” he whispers.
Anna smiles, turns to Dean, and pulls him in for a hug. “Thank you,” she says quietly. “I think I will.”
Brooke and Anna finish up breakfast pretty quick, so Dean heads to check Sam’s room and drag his lanky ass out of bed. Charlie and everybody else will be here soon enough, and everyone should be awake when they get here.
Dean looks up at him like he isn’t quite sure who he is, but Cas sees no fear. “Sure,” Dean offers, shifting slightly in Cas’ arms. He’s rubbing his legs together and he can’t quite sit still, but Cas just rubs a soothing hand down his back and begins.
“Obviously I didn’t listen. I painted a devil’s trap underneath every carpet in the house and I waited. When he showed up, I was ready. I have the only gun in existence that can kill one of these stupid bastards. I used it,” she admits. “Right there in Sammy’s nursery, I got him right between the eyes. John saw all of it. Every last bit of it. He held that over my head until the day he died.”
He presses the pad of his finger against Cas, but doesn't slide it inside just yet. He wants to make sure there's enough lube to go around, doesn't want Cas experiencing more discomfort than necessary. He chuckles softly when Cas whines and rolls his hips downward, asking for more without his words.
Cas sighs and settles further into their embrace. “I wish I could tell you,” he says. “I wish I could lay out your whole future as I know it right in front of you so you know that I’ll find you, and you’ll be okay,” he says. “But I can’t. I can’t, and we have to find a way to get me back to my own time.”
It doesn’t click in his head for a long time that they’re romantically involved. They lay in bed together, thighs pressed together as they watch whatever show Dean has decided to binge this week. When Dean wraps an arm around Cas, he just leans into it and doesn’t question it. Why would he? This is everything he’s always wanted and more. He has no reason to question it.
“But we don’t anymore?” Dean asks, staring down at Cas where he’s started sucking, just barely on the head. Cas rolls his eyes.
bad, actually. Some of the shit he has in here is actually pretty fucking cool. Cas probably can’t appreciate it the same way he does, but that’s just because Cas is a weirdo that doesn’t watch movies or TV unless Dean makes him. “You hungry again yet?” he asks, unable to bear the silence that’s settled over them.
Eventually, he has to reposition Dean on the bed. He promises to return, and he does, with a wet rag to clean Dean up. Dean just hums and watches him through hooded eyelids as he moves about the cabin, too lazy to throw his clothes back on. He throws the rag across the room and back into its bucket, and it makes a splash as it lands. He doesn’t really care. He’ll be dead tomorrow, so why should he care about some wet wood?
Dean huffs out a laugh at that. This guy is gonna kill him. "Whatever you say, buddy," he says as he turns around to head to the kitchen. It doesn't matter how deeply in love he is with Cas, he doesn't think he'll ever be able to get himself to stop calling him 'buddy.' It's what they were. It's what they always have been. It's what they always will be, even if they're something more, too.
he pauses, “it should work. We should be able to ward along the outside of the cages as well, in case we can’t close the doors fast enough. The angels would be trapped inside, but Sam and Mary could pass through the warding with no issue.”
Cas hums into his mouth, “Would you like that?” he asks, slipping his hands down the back of Dean’s pants, below his boxers to squeeze.
Dean gasps, both of his hands tightening. One around Cas’ hand, the other in his feathers. He quickly rectifies his mistake, letting go of the feathers he’s bunched up in his hand. “Fuck,” he hisses, grinding his hips down. “Sorry.”
Cas chuckles and finally reaches to shut the truck off, but Dean stays planted, his arm only tightening around Cas’ middle. Cas cradles his head and continues to play with his hair, “You’d be warmer in bed.”
He sees Dean swallow again, and then watches him dig a zippo out of his pocket. He flicks it open and holds the flame between them, so Cas leans forward to light the joint. It’s not entirely necessary for him to cup his hand around Dean’s where it holds the lighter, but he does it anyways. He leans back once his joint is lit, taking a few long, much needed puffs.
Cas is standing there looking like some sort of goddamn fashion model. He’s wearing a blue, green, and purple striped sweater that’s just a size or two too big on him, but it works.
In order to sit, Cas has to throw one of his thighs over the top of one of Dean’s, but that’s fine. It’s warm, and Cas throws his arm around Dean’s shoulders. That’s warm, too, and Dean can’t stop thinking about the places where their bare skin meets. When had Cas rolled up his sleeve?
“He was blackmailing me,” Mary explains anyway, in a hurry. “There was a demon. His name was Azazel, he had yellow eyes, and he… did something. To Sam. I didn’t get there in time to stop him, but I got there in time to kill him for it before he figured out a way out of the Devil’s trap,” she says.
It takes every ounce of willpower inside Dean not to throw his phone directly at the nearest wall and watch it shatter into a thousand irreparable pieces. Somehow, he doesn’t, and he pockets his phone and fists his own hair. Everyone in the room only heard one side of that conversation, so
Cas smiles at him. Dean sorta wants to slap it right off his face. Or maybe kiss the life out of him, he really isn’t sure. He has no idea what it is about this guy he can’t seem to figure out.
Dean can hear the way Sam’s eyebrows raise. Sure enough, when he looks up, Sam’s forehead is wrinkled and his eyes are so wide that Dean’s a little worried they might pop out. “Dude,” is all Sam says.
Eventually, it’s Dean to break the kiss and pull away. Their bodies have mostly air dried by that point, but Dean grabs an extra robe from a cabinet inside the bathroom and wraps it around Castiel’s shoulders anyway. Castiel slips his arms into the sleeves as Dean reaches behind him to grab both ends of the tie. He folds one side of the robe over the other and ties it for him, before he takes his own robe off of its designated hook and slips it on his own body. He takes Castiel’s hand and leads him through the halls of the bunker, and toward his own room.
Dean thinks. But he doesn’t want to. He also knows that Sam’s not going to get off his case until he does, so he turns his head to look at him. He hauls himself off the floor and back into the kitchen, and he sits down at the table. He bounces his leg, a nervous habit he’s picked up over the last few weeks. He thinks it has something to do with the inherent sense of
“I gathered. Nice to meet you, but I wish it could’ve been under different circumstances. I’m Brooke,” Definitely-Brooke says, and Dean nods at her.
Cas shimmies out of his pants, it’s not hard with the drawstring undone. He’s standing in front of Dean in his boxers, and he unbuttons Dean’s jeans with ease. He pulls them and his underwear down to his ankles, sinking to his knees. He guides Dean’s feet out of the pant legs, and Dean’s cock is flushed and bobbing right in front of his face. It makes his mouth water.
Dean smiles and helps him stand up and step out onto the bath mat. The water will probably run cold for a few seconds when he turns the shower on, and he doesn’t want Cas to be colder than he needs to be.
“Yeah,” he replies. “Love you,” he adds, but Cas is already asleep. Dean will have to make a point to tell him extra tomorrow to make up for it.
Jack couldn't have done that two weeks ago before he spent 14 days barely eating, and sleeping even less. Regardless, he's thankful. He makes a mental note to pray to their son later, (
Dean listens. He’s in no place to think for himself. He redials the number, and she picks up almost instantly. “Stop calling. You have to stop calling. Anna’s
Cas nods and follows him into the house. Dean can feel the beat of the music through his whole body, and even though he’s mildly pissed that his friends left Anna with that
Claire’s eyes widen and she grins from ear to ear, something that’s pretty rare from her. Her backpack falls off of her shoulder and hits the ground with a
"Dean! Good morning," he teases, turning back to helping Sam with lunch. They're only making sandwiches. Cas, of course, is making himself another PB&J. Dean cracks a smile at this, but it fades slowly when he realizes that Sam is staring him down. To be fair, it was the first time Sam had seen Dean leave his room for the better part of a week.
Dean smiles into the skin of his lover’s hip, Castiel feels it. “Think you’re ready?” he finally asks, after what feels like hours.
But here goes Cas, reading his mind somehow. He grabs the small bottle of lube again, sliding down and trailing his fingers back to
you,” Dean gasps, and Cas has given up on keeping Dean’s eyes trained on him. It’s much more fun to watch the way his face contorts every time Cas curls his fingers a certain way, or pushes them as far inside as they’ll go.
Dean groans aloud and extracts Garth’s arm from around Cas so he can replace it with his own. He leans in close, “If it lands on Meg, you can kiss her again if you want,” he says. He knows he was an ass about it last time, and he’ll probably be an ass about it this time, too, but he doesn’t want Cas to feel controlled or held back by him.
“Dude, I’m not kidding, this is the first time anything about fucking Art History has made any sort of sense to me.”
“Glad I could help,” Aaron says, and his cocktail is magically full again. Dean hasn’t even drank half of his first one. “Now, I’ll ask again -- could he have you?”
Dean drops a kiss to his forehead and pulls his own shirt over his head. He walks over to the TV and turns it off, unbuttoning and unzipping his pants as he comes back toward the bed. Before he sits down, he lets them pool at his ankles.
They finish their food and Dean gets up to throw away their trash. He's back in less than a minute, and then he's resuming his position on the bed, opening his arms for Cas to settle into. He squeezes his bicep once, and then says, "You're always so stiff, man. Relax a little." He rubs his hand up and down Cas' arm.
just be an excuse, but he believes Cas. He really doesn’t think he’d lie about something this serious. “Okay. Alright, that’s fine. But you’re like… getting all your nutrients, right? Like, you’re healthy?” he asks, out of genuine concern and not just simple curiosity.
The difference, though, is that Dean is absolutely sure his expression is one of helpless hypnosis, whereas Castiel’s is one of quiet bemusement and… warmth? Where the fuck did
He doesn’t remember making the conscious decision to hurtle forward to violently pull Cas against him, but here he is, all of a sudden with his right arm wrapped overtop of Cas's shoulders, and the other around his waist. Dean’s face is buried in Cas's neck and as he hears the broken noises filling the silence between them, he realizes they are in fact coming from him. Cas is making soft, reassuring hums as he strokes Dean’s back, not letting a single ounce of distance between them.
So yeah, it’s better for Dean to picture a snobby and more weasley looking exec when he’s only communicating over the internet and not face to face. It’s certainly easier to resent him this way.
He doesn’t say anything, which is sadly normal for people not even to thank Dean, and then proceeds to rifle through the paper bag, presumably checking all his food. Just as Dean thinks the guy is  going to finally drive away, his eyes narrow as he peers down into the bag.
He breaks away from Dean’s mouth, finally allowing him to gasp in some air, and starts immediately biting kisses along Dean’s jaw and down his neck.
Dean swipes a hand down his face, then turns around to go clock out, Novak’s deep voice slowly getting quieter and trailing off as he walks away.
“Oh, and technically I’m not a verified manager yet because I still have to pass a few verification shifts, which is why I’ve been very… well, it doesn’t matter. Technically my title is ‘Team Leader.’”
“Nope,” Dean says, popping the ‘p’ and proceeds to tell Cas the story.. “Okay, so the title of World’s Sexiest Man and Woman was just announced, and- god- Jensen won Sexiest Man.”
Cas doesn’t cease the back-and-forth-and-curl motion of his fingers inside Dean, nor does he move his hand from Dean’s hip. Cas leans forward and presses a soft kiss into the curve of his lower back.
“Give him like, a $10 upcharge as compensation for having to listen to this, Novak.” Dean interjects over the headset, hopefully giving Novak a taste of his own medicine and scaring him.
Sam smiles gently at Dean’s change in mood- his preparedness to lash out at Sam just for mentioning that Dean should probably eat something, to a careful, so careful slimmer of hope at the possibility of Cas's return.
Novak also takes it upon himself to tell Dean every time an ice cream or smoothie- or anything else that won’t print a sticker for Dean to follow- shows up on the screen. It started out as being kind of helpful for him because he didn’t have to constantly be checking to see if something new came up, but it quickly delved into Novak relentlessly bugging him about
Cas tightens his hold on Dean’s wrists as he slowly bends down over Dean’s back to pull his earlobe between his teeth.
Dean guesses that there are some perks about Novak being a manager and technically his boss- he can create problems, and Novak has to fix them.
Dean can’t see everything from his position on his stomach, so it’s a very pleasant surprise when Cas grips the back of his upper thighs and slowly, slowly,
And so now the ‘cule is making some of the most hilarious memes Dean’s ever seen about the situation. He sends the funniest ones on his dash to AngelOfThursday, of course. They’ve been friends for long enough now that they’ve developed a habit of sending each other posts they find interesting, or to help the other catch up on the day’s drama if they’re not there to see it. Like now, AngelOfThursday is not online at the moment like Dean is, and Dean feels so bad that he’ll have to log on to this madness.
Not the one that Cas tried to return, though. No, the first one he attempted. It took him so long to figure out the specific songs, and then the specific order they should be in, that it actually had a practice mixtape. Identical in discography, just a bit more uncertain, in a way. A bit more
Stupefied, Dean confirms, “Yeah… why? Did they change the order or something? I thought you were over on drinks for drive thru?”
Dean thinks he’s dying. His abs are screaming and he can barely breathe, holy shit. He has no idea what noises are even coming out of his mouth as Cas comes running into the living room, hair still dripping from the shower and a towel wrapped around his waist.
“Despite your predilection for being rude for no reason, Winchester, I am able to handle saying no and dealing with customers myself.”
He taps on the trending tag. It’s the second post that he sees under the tag that makes his brain shut off for a second. First- the username: beingforcedtolivebadwriting. God tier, if Dean does say so himself. But the actual post…
Sam must have somehow gotten them home. Dean wasn’t and still is not aware of anything but the burning loss inside of him. The dark, gaping hole that feels like his own personal version of the Empty- nothing but intangible horror with Cas at the center.
“Mm. I like it when you call me that,” Cas whispers- like it’s a life-changing secret- into his skin.
It’s fine. Dean gets it. Of course he does. He’s even proud of Sam for so easily knowing what he needs and what he wants, and so flawlessly communicates them, so eventually he goes to listen to music in his room. Not just any music, though. Not the loud, clashing compilations he listens to when he's doing his best not to think about the myriad of things he should be.
Cas exhales a sharp breath. “Really?” he says quietly, like he’s petrified of the hope he’s unable to prevent feeling at Dean’s words.
He returns to the chat and pauses for a moment to figure out exactly what the hell to say now that their messages aren’t visible to anyone who opens the notes of that post.
“He loves me, Sam. I love him. And he’s gone because of it. Because of me.” Sam whips around to look at Dean when he says that, but before Sam can open his mouth to undoubtedly contradict Dean, he continues on. “He made this…. deal. With the Empty. Did you know that?”
As Dean’s broken moans get louder and louder at the insistent drag and punch of Cas inside him, Cas also begins to be more vocal- his rhythm also starting to falter a bit.
“Ugh, finally. No more drinks.” He turns to Novak beside him, who of course doesn’t look happy at the lack of cars at all. Dean keeps talking anyway. “I’ve always thought that life would be so much easier here if we just didn’t have customers. No pulls, no adding ice cream to orders at first or second window, no complaints that someone’s coffee was too hot. Wouldn’t that be the dream, Novak?”
Lisa chuckles, smiling at his ranting. “Well, maybe some people just want a cold drink without it being too sweet?”
The fact that he’s taking orders up at first window while Meg is cashing is both a curse and a blessing. See, the thing is, there’s no average for how busy McDonald’s is at night. It’s either dead, or drive thru is lined up to the road and everyone is struggling.
Eventually, once Novak saves his ass by handing him an extra large triple triple that he forgot to make for delivery, and makes double brew for the iced coffee bin Dean is using, he grudgingly counts them even on the count of the thefts earlier. Not out loud, or to his face, of course. But he does mumble a gruff, “Thanks,” when Novak pours the fresh double brew in.
“You know,” Dean muses, hoping his voice doesn’t sound as shaken up as he feels. “I really was looking forward to seeing some of those writers today. It’s a shame they couldn’t make it. God, I haven’t seen them in ages. Berens, Perez, not Dabb or Bucklemming, though. Ooh! Edlund, Yockey…”
It says something about Cas that he’s not even bothered by Dean’s embarrassing pleading or incessant apologies. His eyes have nothing but unending love in their mercifully tear-free blue depths. “This, and I can’t stress this enough, is not your fault, Dean. It’s mine. I made the deal, I chose to keep it from you and Sam, I chose to tell you everything in that dungeon, knowing full well what would happen. And
“Hi there, what can I get for you?” He doesn’t even attempt to inject any levity into his tone- the customer can thank Novak for his lack of cheer.
As Dean’s falling asleep, he thinks he might be crazy, but the radio silence between him and Castiel feels less like an ignoring one and more like an unsurprised one. He’s not sure what to think about it.
Dean certainly doesn’t want to. He wraps his arms around the resting man on his chest and presses a kiss to the top of his head.
Cas’s voice becomes even more quiet, his words barely an exhale. “Sometimes I’m scared that I’ve suffered such a side effect, such a… deficiency, that I’ve become numb to it. Because how can you mourn the loss and absence of something you’ve never had in the first place? I honestly don’t even think I even feel the hurt of loneliness anymore, which makes it so much harder to imagine a situation in which that’s not the case.”
“Mmmm,” he groans around the straw, “it’s hot as shit up at first window, ya know that? Was stuck there for, like, 3 hours, because Naomi took her sweet ass time sending me on my…”
They’re still together. Alone, but together. The concept of being right beside the other, yet physically separated by immeasurable distance, isn’t even new to him.
Any other fandom, he thinks, would be in a furious uproar over the canceled event, but Dean is sure that the spn fandom has just gotten used to being let down so often that all they do is just laugh now.
Novak’s mouth snaps shut, his glare only intensifying as he forces out through gritted teeth, “Pull this one too, Winchester.”
They finally make their way to Dean’s couch, two plates in hand. When Dean sits down in the corner, Cas eases his way into his lap, sitting perpendicular to the direction Dean’s facing, his left shoulder resting against Dean’s chest. They manage to finish their food- only interrupting themselves to make out three times.
If Dean wasn’t frantically swimming his way back into consciousness at the barely audible whisper, he would have blacked out. He would think this was another cruel trick his mind played on him while he was asleep, except now he can actually tell when he opens his eyes, because there’s actually a faint source of… not quite light, but something decidedly not dark surrounding him. He can actually
Novak already pulled out the metal container for the cream, and is now unfolding the 1kg bag of sugar to peer inside, presumably to see how much is left, which normally wouldn’t be too much of a distracting sight, except he’s crouching down by the storage rack to do so. Thighs flexing with the strain of keeping Novak crouched down, and ass on display.
want an order so you have something to keep you busy. Dean is just looking forward to the day he can qui-
Dean shuts his eyes tight, unable to look into the face of the man he loves as he pours out his heart for him to examine under that intense concentration only an angel could have. “Because even if I never found you and managed to drag you outta here, at least I got to be in the same place, here with you. And even if that meant only seeing you in my nightmares where you’d die, over and over again, I still was grateful because I was able to keep seeing you. Forever. Like we should be.”
Cas jerks to a stop and pulls Dean into him, arms wrapping around him like he can protect Dean from every malicious act, every bad thought that comes his way. Dean thinks that maybe, just maybe he could. His eyes are shut so tight against Cas's shoulder, not wanting a single thing to distract him, not that realistically anything could,  from basking in the warmth he’d never thought he’d ever feel again of Cas.
“Don’t worry, I have faith in you, Sam.” Once upon a time, those words would have come with difficulty to Dean. Not just expressing how he feels, but appreciating the others around him. He’s learned his lesson, though. Waiting or being too afraid to speak your mind has consequences.
“You ever been on Supernatural Twitter? Tumblr? Oh, god,” Dean lets out a brief laugh. “If I could show those assholes back there the fandom on Tumblr…”
Sam rolls his eyes so hard Dean’s surprised they don’t permanently get stuck in the back of his head. “Oh, great. Now instead of being stupid and insufferable, you guys are going to be gross and insufferable. Can’t wait. Hey, you know what? I’m actually just gonna go real quick and invest in some really good headphones, okay? Maybe a ‘get well soon card’. Some itching powder. A foghorn.” Sam throws a thumb over his shoulder, clearly trying to indicate that he’s going to get on this shopping run right away.
Dean would agree to anything right now, there’s not one thing he wouldn’t destroy, sacrifice, find, or do, if  Cas was asking it of him. Maybe in another situation, he’d be worried about the power this man has over him, but he’s not. It’s reassuring, knowing that there are things
Cazriel and Deacon finally get locked in the dungeon room. Cazriel confesses how he’s been in love with Deacon since Season 4 when they met. Dean realizes something is very wrong when a ton of Deacon’s reaction to the confession isn’t airing. Cazriel says he loves Deacon… but then Deacon doesn’t say it back. And the kiss gets cut out, too.
Cas keeps pounding into him and Dean keeps writhing below him- every nerve in his body begging for release, except
Dean loses awareness, content in the knowledge that he’s alone, but he’ll never have to be without Cas ever again.
business being that form-fitting, a crisp white shirt, and a blue tie that also shouldn’t be allowed to accent his eyes so well. Really, if they wanted Dean to pay attention to the meeting, they shouldn’t have let Castiel in.
As Cas stands up, Dean pulls him into another hug. A comfort- a luxury, really. Dean and Cas stay there in each other’s arms, simply embracing for as long as they desire. They eventually get to Dean’s room and  lay down on the bed, over the covers, and just keep talking as quiet music from the mixtape wraps around and surrounds them with the auditory manifestation of Dean’s love for Cas. Their arms and legs eventually become twisted together so,
Cas uses his grip on Dean’s hair to gently tug his head back so he can focus his attention on Dean’s neck. Soft lips make biting kisses that Cas soothes over again with a gentle kiss, only to repeat the process again, and suddenly this particular endeavor needs a serious location change. They can only make out on a sidewalk outside of a fairly-popular café for so long before they get interrupted or ogled.
“You bet your ass I did,” Dean agreed, a self-assured smile on his face as he gazes at Cas from on top of his chest.
Cas’s eyes are still closed when he confesses to Dean with a hanged head, “I’m not sure I’ve ever known what comfort truly is. I’ve had sex before, sure,  but… not comfort. Not company. Certainly not anything even remotely close to adoration.”
Did Cas mean he loved Dean? That he loved all of him? Every single ugly, broken part? Or did he simply mean he loved his family- Sam, Mary, and him?
good for Cas, because the second Dean thrusts in again, he lets out a loud moan right into Dean’s mouth.
Cas smiles at him, tears still in his beautiful eyes. At the sight, Dean feels unrestrained by anything on the planet. Not by the warmth of the sheets between them, not by the floor and walls of his apartment, not by the time ticking by in his room, not by the light of the sun, not by gravity, not anything.
And again, Dean is violently reminded of why he tries to avoid working in person with the powerful man in front of him. Thankfully, Castiel interrupts his train of thought and puts him somewhat out of his misery.
Dean isn’t sure what else Sam does, or if he even mutters incantations in the dungeon where he insisted the spell
He’d thought he would have forgotten what had happened and have to wake up and remember it all over again, but that’s not what happened at all
And then he feels Cas’s finger slowly press into him. Dean tries to push back on his finger, but a firm hand on his hip now prevents any movement of that kind.
“Oh my god. Oh my god, I’m so sorry. I tripped, I didn’t mean to spill it on you, I’m sorry. Let me go grab some paper towels, okay?”
He glances at his phone again, considers texting Castiel- about what, he’s not sure, because he can’t exactly admit to the guy what he’s done, but the impulse is there, throbbing in his heart. He thinks that the familiar annoyance and anger from Castiel would be comforting at the moment.
Huh. It never occurred to him that maybe other people weren’t as terminally online as he is, and might need some help getting caught up. God, he remembers the days after November 5th- when he really started spending time on this hellsite- and he had to decipher everything himself. The experience should have earned him a spot on the Enigma-decoding team if he does say so himself.
Dean abandons the cursed train of thought for the moment, actually shaking his head a bit to focus back on the things that are actually happening. Like a conversation. Right. Dean can do that.
They do end up falling asleep, Cas still with his head and arm on Dean’s chest, and Dean’s arm thrown around Cas’s shoulders, pulling him in as tight as he can to him.
“I think Dean Winchester would be more qualified to answer that question, Mr. Chisholm. Right, Dean?”
He approached the set to where Misha and Jensen were standing, talking quietly and dressed in their respective Cazriel and Deacon clothing, expressions serious. When Dean walked up to them, Jensen turned away from Misha to address him.
Dean gets pulled back from where he was flirting with the edge of unconsciousness at Cas’s low voice.
He’s still staring out the window- still not sure exactly what his brain is telling him he’s seeing- when Sam opens his door and gently nudges him, “Dean… we’re home. Come on man, let’s at least get you to bed, okay?”
Cas’s lips touch his own, a promise is sealed between their mouths, and in that moment, Dean has everything.
“So, Deacon’s gonna be narrating the story of John and Mary, it’ll explore all the plot holes and the nature of Deacon’s relationship with his father, and then at the end, I’m talking like the last scene, it’s revealed that Deacon’s been telling this whole story to the Empty, right? Cause he’s taking his turn at trying to annoy the Empty into giving Caz back. ‘Cause the finale takes place 6 months after episode 19, right? So then the next show- the Deacon and Caz show- is gonna take place in those six months.”
“I’m perfectly okay, Sam, I even seem to have gotten my Grace back as well, which is now allowing me to sense that there is a… new Creator here. Oh, I see now. Jack has no power over the Empty, but he was able to give me my Grace after I returned.” The corners of Cas's mouth turn up. “Jack says hello, and that he’s glad everyone is home now. He’s very busy, but he’s relieved we’re all safe and happy.”
He tries not to let the sadness and resignation creep into his tone, but he suspects some slipped in anyway. Out of the corner of his eye, he thinks he sees Castiel’s head tilt a little, his posture becoming just a touch less severe. Maybe the stick up his ass slid out a few inches. Who knows?
Dean barks out a laugh at that. “You’re a dick,” he says, and he suddenly very much wishes he could look Cas in the face right now. “Can I come to bed?” he asks, once the laughter has subsided.
Cas rubs her back with one hand and cradles her hair with the other. “I will,” he says back, and then he kisses the top of her head. “I always will.”
However, Dean doesn’t linger. He kisses a path up the center of Castiel’s abdomen, only stopping to wrap his mouth around a nipple and swirl his tongue. If Castiel isn’t mistaken, he thinks he feels teeth for a few seconds.
Dean groans. They’ve only been studying for a little over an hour, but he feels like his head is about to explode. Why the fuck has he waited until the absolute last second to cram for his finals? Cas has been a big help, but
Beck gives him a smile that teeters on genuine, scrawling their orders down on the ticket. They turn around to take it to the kitchen, and Dean sees them lean against the counter and pull out their phone before he turns back to look at Cas.
"No, sweetheart. You gotta get up and get dressed. We're havin' dinner with someone special tonight," Dean sighs, "Don't you remember? I've been telling you every day for a week."
Dean smiles at them as he watches for a few seconds, before walking over to the passenger side to open Sam’s door. “Scoot,” he says, “You’re drivin’.”
He’s gotta get Cas clean. He’s gotta see how bad the wounds are, see if any of them are still bleeding.
They eat their sandwiches in relative silence after that, glancing up from them every few seconds at each other. When they've finished, Dean picks up both of their plates and places them in the sink. He takes a deep breath in, and exhales slowly. He half expects Cas to be gone when he turns around, but there he is, staring at Dean with that look in his eyes that he still can't quite place.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean says, and he tries to ignore the way his voice shakes. “Did I wake ya? I’m sorry, I can —”
Dean’s midway up his thigh, now, and his hands cup the undersides of Cas’ knees to lift them up. Castiel goes willingly and plants his feet against the mattress. Dean’s fingertips press into the soft flesh of his thighs to spread them further apart as he kisses his way up to the crease between his leg and his cock. Dean spends an ample amount of time there, sucking marks into the skin, nibbling, and soothing it over with his tongue.
Dean, with his newly-free hand, places it on Cas’ chest, right over his heart. He taps three times. Cas is the one who whines this time, and he has to move. Needs to be closer.
He squeezes Cas closer to him just as Meg walks into the room with an empty bottle. “Who’s up for a round of spin the bottle?” she asks, and the whole room whoops. Dean rolls his eyes, what, are they 12? Regardless, he’s going to play, because he knows it’ll be less of a hassle than if he sits it out. Everyone will heckle him until he joins anyways, so whatever.
“Pretty?” Castiel asks, and he bats his eyelashes. This earns him the lightest swat on the arm possible, and he beams. “You’re pretty, too,” he says earnestly. “Beautiful.”
Dean looks up from staring at Cas’ chest and says, “I’m never going to become him. I’m not going to let this happen to either of us,” he whispers. His hand has come to rest on Cas’ waist again, and Cas wonders if it was intentional or if he’s just following his body’s natural instinct to be close to him.
Cas beams back at him, and it's instant forgiveness for the fact that he is currently dripping. Cas starts fiddling with the hem of Dean's shirt, which is clinging to his skin in every spot. Dean raises an eyebrow at Cas, pulling back to look at him. "You tryna get me naked again, Cas?" he whispers, slowly leaning back down to brush his mouth against Cas' as he speaks.
Dean moves to his other arm, and Castiel forgets that he’s supposed to be embarrassed. Somehow, he even forgets his nakedness, because he allows his legs to unfold and stretch out, so that his toes are pressed against the opposite end of the tub. Next up is the washcloth running across Castiel’s abdomen, and he keeps his winces and gasps to a minimum no matter how tender he is there. He doesn’t want Dean to stop.
He hears… well, he hears nothing, so he pops the microwave open and dumps both bags of popcorn into a bowl. Sure enough, half the kernels aren’t popped, but he’s sure Cas will be happy. That’s what matters, anyways. He makes a beeline for the Dean Cave, smiling when he sees Cas sitting in the middle of the couch. They’d swapped out the two recliners for a couch about a month after Cas had moved in permanently. They got tired of dragging chairs from the library in there, and just splurged on a big, comfy couch.
Dean nods his head. Of course it isn’t. He’s Dean Winchester, when has anything ever been easy for him? He stands up, and Anna mirrors him. “Should we tell Charlie? Garth? I don’t want to keep them in the dark about this.”
Cas’ lips quirk up again. “I’d like that,” he says. That’s all he says. Dean nods and picks up his keys, motioning to the door. Cas walks out first, waits for Dean to lock it, and they head off in the direction of last night’s party. Dean can only pray to deaf ears that nothing happened to his car last night.
It’s not that Dean looks forward to dying, or even that he wants to in the way he used to. He’s just excited by the prospect of actually, genuinely spending
He sees it eventually, off in the distance. The building is in rougher shape than they thought. Dean's feet carry him faster without his permission, and he's running before he even realizes it.
"Sure, Dean. Of course, whatever would make you happy." Cas smiles as he speaks, squeezing Dean's hand before he stands up. It makes Dean's head spin, and those words echo in his mind.
“How do I tell you?” Cas says, and he wraps his hands around Dean’s wrists. “How do I show you how badly I wish I could stay? How do I explain to you that I’m
the worst of all of them. But he still sees the good. He picks it out, and he fights tooth and nail for it. For them.
Now that he’s clean, Dean can see that most of the cuts have stopped bleeding, and the ones that haven’t are at a slow ooze that should stop with a little bandaging and some light compression.
Mary shakes her head. “No! No, Dean, this is very important. You have to stay in your room. Don’t come back out until mommy comes back, okay?” she says. “And I
He sits back down on the couch and shoves his cold pasta around on his plate. He’s not really hungry anymore. His phone dings with a text, and he scrambles to get it out of his pocket.
Dean swallows, “No, I did. Like, three other schools, actually. KU’s the only one willing to cough up the cash, though. You work so hard for me and Sammy, and you know he wants to go to Stanford someday, so you should save that money for him in case he needs it. KU’s a fine school, mom. Great, even.” His words are shaky as they leave his mouth, and he can see his mom growing more nervous by the second.
