“Better than ... than all the women you’ve kissed – all three continents?”
Having been denied Sherlock, this was the Alpha’s reaction – kidnapping the Omega and his mate.
I missed his touch immediately. I climbed to the third floor, to John's bedroom before we shared the larger one downstairs. I crouched down before opening the door, to be certain the blinds were closed. They were. I knelt there a moment, letting my eyes adjust to the darkness. The room was crowded with... my things. I examined them, squinting in the darkness. There were stacks of books that had been on the shelves by my desk, my chemistry equipment - some in open boxes, some not, my music stand, the case for my microscope with, presumably, my microscope in it, and several large cartons piled atop each other shoved behind the rest of the mess. I examined them, one was labeled 'shoes/socks,' another 'clothes,' yet another 'music.' Perched on top was the Cluedo game with my knife stuck into it and my skull.
*hey* He'd texted. *Are you working?*
“Just about.” I sighed.
I didn’t want to stop. But I pulled myself back. Sherlock’s face was shadowed with misery.
“Yes.”
“Sherlock! Where’s my laptop?” John called.
And it was a non-event. He and Mike drank a little beer and talked about their school days and their current work. There were probably some attractive women there, but John didn’t feel up to trying to pull a date.
“Fine, I’ll shut up.”
John stopped himself abruptly. He had one hand and a still-healing stump, he wasn't going to subdue a child, let alone a husky mesomorph... why would he want to take Angus down anyway?
"Yes."
He could try and sell himself – either for cash or for heroin. The thought almost made him laugh it was so ridiculous – a filthy, jittery thirty-five-year old, he couldn't even imagine the customer he could attract. IF Sherlock didn’t have another option – one he felt was just as degrading as prostituting himself – he knew he WOULD be desperately trying to solicit a trick. No, he'd be housebreaking, trying to pick locks with his shaking hands...
"It's not important." I said, looking out the window again.
"Excellent. What did he say when you told him you thought the will had been substituted?"
"No." Shane said thoughtfully. "Not for the initial experiment, anyway. If it doesn't work as well as I hope, we could... renegotiate..."
“You have to be safe too.” I said softly, my hands on his arms. “Sherlock, I can’t stay here and do nothing! It’s driving me mad! You. Need. Me. With. You. You need my help!”
“Sherlock!”
"Because your sister begged him to stay. You think SHE wants to be left alone with you lot?"
But even before he began to speak, John was struggling away from his touch. And then they were just struggling, John's strong hands closing around his throat, strangling him... black spots swam in Sherlock's vision. 'This is ok.' He thought and stopped fighting back. 'John has every right to be angry with me...there are worse ways to die...'
John pulled it out of me slowly. “God, you’re gaping!” He sighed. I could feel it, feel my hole stretched wide open, empty and huge.
Twice there were fistfights in the parking lot after the games. Alpha on Alpha, of course. The pecking order of the pack had to be established and maintained.
John pulled away, magnificent in his lean nakedness. "Get undressed." He said and with another quick kiss he stepped off the couch and strode out of the room.
I bit his lip and dragged his hips closer. He growled and I felt his cock firming against my thigh. He had a handful of my arse – his hands on my body felt so good!
"But you can't work when you're high."
They didn't speak again until they were in the cab.
Yours always,
The love bite Sherlock had worried on my neck stood out a lurid red. His graceful fingers danced across it briefly and I saw him smirking in the mirror. He liked that he had marked me.
"Angus? Is that you?" John called from his bed. Shane looked discomfited.
I poked at the bag. The smell of the fish made me nauseous.
“Who says I don’t?”
"I told the coach that you should be hooker. You're built for it." Dad told John on the way home from one of the games. “Your mother insists you’re going to have a growth spurt soon, but I don’t see it. Being little’s good for something, though, Johnny. You should be the hooker. When I was your age, I'd already been hooker for six months.”
Moran set John down, none too carefully, by Shane. John immediately used his friend to steady himself on his feet. Shane got an arm under John’s and wrapped it around his back, supporting him. “What did you do to him?” He asked, his eyes accusing both Sherlock and Moran.
I woke to Nazer slapping my face. “They’re coming soon. You got to shoot up now, pet.” He actually looked anxious.
He should have stayed.
"Beer would be great."
“Do you?” I asked softly.
"Bob could prescribe viagra..."
Here it comes. Sherlock thought. He's going to tell me he's chosen Shane.
"Sherlock, as long as we're together, I won't be with anyone else."
“Yeah, you do, John. Not with tying your shoes or buttoning your shirt – you will be just as independent as you ever were. But you need your mates. That’s the only way you get through this, innit.”
“I had a dream.” I tell him. “It was horrible.”
"Why didn't you say!?" He came to me and felt my forehead. "You're warm." He announced. "Go sit down. "I'll get some ibuprofen."
There was the thud thud thud of a helicopter and I was lifted and finally, FINALLY, laid on something soft. I barely felt them strapping me down... it was so soft... I let it envelope me, fold around me... John’s arms... maybe I was dead... that would be ok... as long as it was this soft...
He’s been mooning around the flat for weeks. He’s not bored – we’ve had a steady stream of interesting cases, big and small.
(See the end of the chapter for
I rarely went to John's room – not when he was in it anyway, I'd searched it any number of times over the years. I was as familiar with its contents as I was with John himself. It was a soldier's room, squared away with very little that was extraneous. The bed, wardrobe and chest of drawers had come with the room, he'd added a chair and a bookcase. He had some medical books, and some books on popular music on the bookshelf – the Beatles, David Bowie, that sort – but mostly he had novels. Mystery novels, spy novels, science fiction and suspense novels. I found this minor addiction to pulpy fiction charming, though I'd never admit it to him.
Sherlock shrugged. "He's ok." He said it carelessly, but John understood what it cost Sherlock to say it.
**What kind of surprise?**
I zip tied her ankles together tightly, using several of the black plastic restraints. She wouldn’t be able to remove them without scissors or a blade of some sort. John used another to make certain her wrists were securely bound. Then he looped a tie through the bindings on her wrists and ankles, hog tying her.
I nodded. "Good. This will all be over soon."
Sherlock WAS often inconsiderate, insensitive, ignorant of social niceties and oblivious to the hurts he caused. But he could also be incredibly generous and kind. He cared deeply about his friends and could be lavish with his time and attention. And he was...sensual. That had never jived with his supposed asexually. Even I felt it, Sherlock's magnetism – his physical magnetism.
“Mm.” Sholto busied himself pouring tea into mugs. John splashed a bit of water into his and sat back in his chair.
Next chapter, we discover what happened to Sherlock.
He followed the man following John through the park.
"What do you mean by you 'thought he was safe?' Safe how?"
Sherlock found himself outside. The evening air was crisp, it felt good against his face. He walked aimlessly for a while – he would have to go back to hospital, although Sherlock didn't know if would be more selfish to go back to be with John or to stay away. He couldn't think clearly about this.
"Why do I have to meet Bob?! That's more up YOUR street."
Moran methodically sawed through the bindings, first freeing John's legs – they sprawled unmoving – then his torso and hands, on up to his chest and shoulders and finally cut the rope around his neck. Every coil had left its mark on John, he was bleeding from a dozen rope burns and his body was striped red and white where the blood had pooled unable to circulate normally beneath the tight cords.
Inspired, I levered myself up and licked the ejaculate from his cheek then kissed him, semen on my tongue. John grunted with interest and returned the kiss, tasting himself in my mouth and loving it.
Slowly John felt the tension ease from his body, cell by cell, leaving him aching and weak. Shane massaged his shoulders and neck, his fingers walking up over his scalp and jaw, working energy back into his muscles. John let Shane push him onto his back and luxuriated in the attention.
“Hey.” I said, pulling him back into my arms. “It’s ok – I’m here with YOU, Sherlock! Nothing else matters.” He shuddered – there were tears in his eyes. I rubbed the back of his neck, soothingly, as he pressed his face into my shoulder.
“Yes.”
Lestrade led Sherlock and John down an industrial corridor past uniformed officers and several of his fellow detectives. John felt Sherlock’s unseemly anticipation and was glad his mate at least looked somber. If his expression was more supercilious than grave, well, John would take it.
“Of course.”
“Fine. OK.” John sounded put out. He was so strange about money!
But Moran didn’t notice or didn’t care – he didn’t bother to check. He forced Sherlock onto his belly, his face pressed into the tiger’s pelt. ‘He’s going to fuck me.’ Sherlock realized. He repressed a shudder as Moran’s body pressed against his and Moran kissed and bit his neck.
"No. John, I don't want anyone else. Ever again.” I believed he meant that, at least right now. “Erm... what about you?” He asked. “Will you have... girlfriends?"
Sherlock clung to John, but he felt his mate’s deep ambivalence.
"That I loved you? When I saw you wearing the explosive vest at the swimming pool. I knew I would do anything to save you. That wasn't a problem, loving you was the same as being friends, just... more intense. But when I realized I desired you... I was overwhelmed."
“It won’t make any difference, John.” Sherlock said, starting to pace. “You heard him, he doesn’t get his hands dirty. He’ll be out there – he’s a spider in the middle of a vast web...”
Lestrade nodded. “Come and eat then.” He walked away, towards the kitchen.
It was obvious – Sherlock always knew when John had got a leg over with one of his girlfriends, this was no different. That's where he'd been all morning, having a lie-in with his boyfriend.
But so much time apart… so many words not spoken… so many conversations unheard. Everything that John has experienced without me – I can deduce some of it from the fraying cuffs and unshined shoes, the deepening of the lines between his eyes and the silvering of his hair. But so much is simply lost to me. I mourn every hour, every second, without him. I begrudge every word spoken to other people, every bit of attention John expended elsewhere... every touch...
Slowly John settled, relaxing into Sherlock's arms fully. "Did he... I know you said Moran didn't... the truth, Sherlock, what happened in there?"
“It’s just… you don’t know them.”
I strained to hear John's answer. "...friend knew... landlady. She..." I couldn't make out anything else. I listened to the creak of their footsteps upstairs - it was muffled and distant, the high ceilings and thick floors doing a good enough job that I couldn't be certain where they were. Kitchen and/or lounge, I thought. At least I was sure they weren't in the bedroom.
I shied. “Not that way.” I said. “There has to be a back exit.”
I sighed inwardly. Of course she had. “You saw that stupid profile.” I said. The Sun had done a whole sidebar on me after Sherlock found that kidnapped dignitary. ‘The Man Beside The Man.’ Harry had thought it was hysterical. I got dozens of emails from mates, congratulating me on coming out – about half of them serious. I remember thinking ‘this has gotten out of hand!’ I pulled away from Sherlock. Not a lot, but enough. I stopped touching him casually. Stopped being so available. I got myself a girlfriend and spent as much time at her place as possible. If I’m honest, that’s when Sherlock started acting depressed – and refusing to talk to me about it. I was too stupid to see the connection until now.
I kissed him, hard and deep, smearing shaving lotion on his chin. His nipple hardened under my touch. For a second, I fully intended to bend Sherlock over the sink and fuck him... fuck him raw and hard using whatever was at hand (soap, shampoo...)for lube.
Nazer lay pressed against me, snoring. I automatically catalogued and dismissed the various aches in my body. They didn’t matter any more. Tonight was my execution.
“I’m sorry. Goodbye, John.”
"How delightful to hear your voice, brother mine." Mycroft said.
"That would be his decision to make." Bob had regarded John. "I think Sherlock might surprise you. He's shown he's able to compromise when sufficiently motivated."
“Oh yeah.”
a baby at all, not when he thought about everything that entailed. Not just the pregnancy and birth but caring for it. Infants were needy and messy and disruptive and incredibly time-consuming. And they didn’t grow out of it, not for years and years. Sherlock
So, long story short, John went out for a pint with Mike.
I started walking away, towards the high street. It would be easier to get a cab there. I hoped it wasn't far, my hip was hurting me.
But John was back before I finished the thought. He had a warm, damp flannel and he wiped my chest clean. He set it aside and pulled back the duvet.
"John." Bob said. "This is pretty much what we're talking about – you're trying to shut Sherlock out."
“We’re friends. Good friends. We work together. Share a flat. But we don’t… I’m straight.”
I paused. Another, different, shock of fear buzzing through me. "John…" I began, faltering. "John, I've tested negative for HIV… but I had gonorrhea." It was excruciating to admit - I burned with the humiliation.
"You're pissed, Victor. Ok, none of that now."
Lestrade held up his hands in surrender – but he didn't retreat back into the van.
Sherlock had been waiting for Bruno to throw that in his face. He stood up and took his mug to the sink. "That's personal." He said.
Mycroft drew himself up, his expression smoothing to a careful blankness. Lestrade wanted to weep, he wanted to celebrate the wonderful thing that had just happened to them, wanted to cradle Mycroft and reassure him, support him, wanted to protect Mycroft from the hurts and harms of the world — but he couldn’t! He couldn’t! Not now.
“You couldn’t smell her?”
It's time for Sherlock's heat once again.
"How much are you worth, Bruno?" Sherlock asked. "100 million? 200 million?"
"How would I know if I can't remember?" John asked querulously.
“You didn’t tell me that!” She whispered as Moran led us deeper into the flat. I could see the Indian influence in the decor.
“He’s a psychopath, Mycroft. Once he targeted me –
Instead of scoring heroin, Sherlock went to the Lil' Waitrose on the corner and got a ham sandwich, half a dozen doughnuts and more coke. Sugar would be an acceptable substitute for now. Back in his room he ate it all and lay back down. He let his favorite fantasy reunion with John play out in his head – the one where John's joyful embrace led to kissing and then John was pulling Sherlock's clothes off and pushing him face down on the table and putting his prick in Sherlock the way he wanted, the way he'd practiced with cucumbers and astroglide...
"I miss John." I said. "I miss him so much. But we've been apart for... for a long time now. Maybe too long."
“It depends. The stronger the bond, the healthier the Omega in general. I’m guessing yours is pretty strong – Omegas don’t get it wrong when they get to choose. Unfortunately, Omegas are rarely asked their preference. Omegas lucky enough to have a good, strong bond have beautiful brains. Omegas without a strong link to their Alpha often suffer degeneration. The Alpha still benefits from the bond, but the Omega doesn’t. Omegas really do get the short end of the biological stick– not to mention the societal stick.”
There was a sudden knock on the street door, loud and rude. Sherlock coloured and pulled his hand away. I listened to Mrs. Hudson greet Inspector Lestrade, listened to him run up the stairs two at a time.
“Let’s walk a bit.” I said. “It’s lovely out. If you’re up to it?”
“Then I see what you and John have…” Lestrade continued. “Would you trade with me? If you could, would you trade your bond along with everything shitty about being an Omega for independence and a job you love – but have to hide what you are and never get close to anyone? Would you trade?”
He meant the tearing. I didn't like to remember how it had happened, had attempted over and over to delete the memories. But when I slept, I returned to the prison…
I knew I was in trouble the moment I walked into the room – the very air was pregnant with it. Not to mention the the way the thugs glanced at each other, the way one shifted nervously and another stood tense.
“I’m sure...” Mycroft said haltingly “...whatever he’s imagining is worse than the reality.”
It was over an hour before John and his boyfriend emerged from the restaurant. Sherlock watched the hunter casually leave the café and start after them. Sherlock trailed the hunter.
John, proving again he was the stronger of the two of us, kissed me one more time then stepped back, pulling my arms from around him. He looked at me intensely for a moment longer then turned and followed Mycroft out the door.
“I won’t make that mistake again.”
“Oh.” There was another peal of thunder. “You haven’t talked to him then. He seemed pretty upset at dinner last night.”
“How long…” He asked. “How long have you had that…?”
John washed his hands when he’d finished, then handed Sherlock a toothbrush still in its packaging. John put paste on his electric toothbrush and handed the tube to Sherlock. They cleaned their teeth.
John had doubted his abilities after losing his hand but Sherlock had never doubted John. He had suspected Angus of the murders – it was the time it took to discover Simon Fraser that was the clue, Church knew the deceased Fraser didn't need care and he hadn't wanted to be the one to find him dead, so the body had lain there for hours. Unfortunately, (or fortunately, depending on your perspective) the nurse had been smart enough to stop killing as soon as he realized who Sherlock was.
(There! She said it: compelled. She knows! She MUST know.) I tried to funnel my turbulent emotions into an answer. “Well, I certainly don’t think he was a fraud! Nor could anything convince me he was so distraught over being THOUGHT a fraud that he’d end it all.” I peered into Mary’s round, rapt eyes. “My point is, I knew him best and I never saw it coming. I can’t explain it – it... it EATS at me. But when it comes down to it, does it matter?! He’s dead. He’s GONE whatever the reason. And I’m still here with... with nothing but memories. And my ridiculous sister and... and his ridiculous brother...” I rubbed my eyes with the flat of my hand, trying to excise the treacherous tears that threatened to fall.
“Food actually fuels your body, Sherlock.”
I got dry clothes for myself as well. He put his pajamas on then sat back down. He watched me change without comment.
Why does Mycroft need John so suddenly?
^^^I’m sorry, I don’t mean to pressure you. I’ll do whatever you need me to do. I just wish I understood.^^^
“I thought I was brilliant – your conductor of light.” John teased.
Then he turned to Madam Dusette. She was a curious woman – Shane estimated that she was at least 60 years old, maybe even ten years older. She was diminutive, short and lithe with a gamin quality that he associated with very young women. She wore slim trousers, ballet flats, a dark raincoat and a black beret over her short, silver hair - with her red lipstick and simple shoulder bag, she looked like a lady out for a late night walk. But the way she moved reminded Shane of an acrobat or a dancer – superb balance and agility. And absolutely silence. Shane realized she didn't make a sound when she moved.
Rosie squawked and both men looked over. She’d moved on to another gaily wrapped gift, Sherlock urging her to rip the shiny paper.
The Omega began a slow grind. John clutched the ivory thighs and pressed his hips up in rhythm with Sherlock’s gyrations. It felt amazing, their eyes locked together, their hearts locked together within their bond link.
Sherlock grunted as I breached and swore. “Fuck, John!”
“Birgit.”
“But –“
The former marine showed her training, pressing him hard, kicking out. John deflected, but barely, jabbing at her face. She ducked away easily.
"I'm not going to have sex with him again."
I nodded and got up to go. "John – Dr. Watson –I'm looking for him, have you seen him today?"
I felt him smile against my skin. Then he shifted his weight, bringing one thigh tight against my bollocks. I ground my arse against his leg, then thrust into his hand. Fuck! I wanted him inside me! I dug my heel into his glute, and thrust faster.
“I’m John.” He told her. I’m here to help you. What’s your name?” The girl cringed from him, trembling.
"SHE texts ME, Sherlock. I haven't texted back in two weeks. Since I broke it off, she keeps showing up at work and... why am I explaining – aren't you supposed to just KNOW this!? Been too busy on Grindr to pay attention!?"
Sherlock’s lips twitched with – amusement? Approval? Probably both. He had always enjoyed my contentious relationship with Mycroft. “402’s tenant hasn’t been seen in weeks.”
The hunter – Sherlock needed to focus. He pulled himself back into his chair. "It's ok." He croaked to his rescuers. "Let him go." He kicked the other chair at his table out a foot in invitation.
How had he gotten here? John looked around... it was dim... he lay on a hard floor... he smelled chlorine...
"You can crack it?" I asked, impressed.
“Problem!?” I asked sharply.
“I love you too.” John whispered, smiling into his kisses.
"You're infallible? You never make mistakes?"
“Sherlock...” John spoke so quietly Sherlock wasn’t certain he didn’t dream it. “This is just tonight – it doesn’t mean anything.”
"I know." John said. "I know."
Sherlock had forgotten he was still wearing his ‘dapper, older gentleman’ disguise. He touched his cheek, felt the latex. “We can’t have that. May I use your toilet?” Sherlock asked formally.
“I’m perfectly fine!” Sherlock insisted, standing up again, swaying. Suddenly Shane was jerking him upright by the arm – painfully – and then shoving him back into the chair.
When Lestrade finally emerged from 221, Mycroft stood by a shiny car looking cold and, Lestrade thought, relieved that he hadn’t been stood up.
John and I caught a cab home. We were silent, each with our own thoughts. I was going over what I wanted to say, how I would convince John to stay until Moriarty was neutralized.
“Thank god I’m getting rid of you.” Angus said. “Finally. You and your harem.”
“But—"
Sherlock had met the policeman a week ago and immediately discerned his secret. A quick check told him that John had no idea. Alphas were clueless when it came to interpreting scent.
— Yes. I’m beside myself. Something terrible must have happened to him. —
"Oh for Christ's sake! John interjected. In one swift movement he grabbed my collar with both his hands and pulled me down into a kiss.
“Her Mother’s here. That might make the admissions board more comfortable with the idea.” Virginia said.
“Bloody hell.” John said under his breath. He tapped Alfred and waved him back and down. The Omega pulled Molly behind an equipment trolley.
“Yeah.” He said unconvincingly.
It was from Sherlock!
I spent some of the time away dismantling Moriarty’s network – Moriarty died on the roof before I jumped, but his web was wide. It took roughly nine months to track it all down and take it apart. After that I felt free to come home, come back to London – back to life – and there was nothing I wanted more. But I had not, I found, rid myself of my sentimental attachment for you. I ached for you, day and night – and in ways I have never felt for any other person. Sexual ways.
John bristled. "No one asked you to stay."
Vinokourov laughed again. I didn’t move, I simply began to pray, over and over, that Nazer would let me shoot up first.
“Yes.” She agreed. “John is mine.” Her eyes flicked over John. “If Jim hadn’t given you to me, John, I would have asked to have you. The swimming pool wasn’t the first time I saw you but watching at you through my rifle scope… you weren’t diminished by the explosive vest, you didn’t lose your dignity repeating Jim’s words – even the ridiculous nonsense words. You didn’t beg or cry or try to bargain for your life. You just got on with it. You were even willing to sacrifice yourself for HIM.” Mary nodded contemptuously at me. “I knew then that I liked you, that after Jim dispatched with Sherlock, I would enjoy helping you rebuild your life.”
John disappeared but quickly returned with clothes for Sherlock. "Here." John said, holding out a t-shirt.
The smuggler just tittered at him. “Tell Vino his shipment’s in, Hulk.”
Lestrade just shrugged.
The thought had liquid seeping from the tip of my prick, smearing on his belly. "You must be terribly out of practice." I teased.
John knew his Omega could feel his anxiety. “Safe enough.” He said.
Mummy turned her attention to her son – Watson said something to him and the Omega smiled softly. Her breath caught – for a moment he looked exactly like her own dear Jean-Claude. It hurt, she still missed him so much.
I left the common room, very aware of Nazer’s mates assessing me – assessing him. I was lucky he’d tried it alone. If I didn’t find a way into some protection soon, there would be a group of them coming for me and I wouldn’t be able to fight them off.
They hadn’t even been seeing each other for a year. They hadn’t had their first fight. They’d never said ‘I love you’ before tonight – and saying it in these circumstances barely counted. John could be moody and he still grappled with depression, Shane had seen him truly happy only a handful of times, but he cherished those times. He wanted to make John happy. Their relationship had been wonderful overall – the best Shane had had. They really clicked. Before Sherlock, Shane had started thinking long-term – moving in together, maybe getting married. Sherlock’s return threatened to change things between them, but Shane had been committed to riding it out. John was worth it.
The blonde man read the article through again. He opened his Google app and searched for the rehab facility. Then he opened another app and made a reservation for the first train to Edinburgh the next morning....
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and held him – John shifted his weight and he was sitting in Sherlock's lap, his hand exploring Sherlock's chest and shoulder, touching his neck and hair. They had only made love once and only kissed three or four times before... this time there was nothing tentative or desperate. Just passion, two men who loved each other, who wanted each other, sharing hot, heady, deep kisses. Sherlock could hear them, lips smacking, the wet sound of their tongues, John's harsh breathing, the small noises of pleasure Sherlock realized that he was making himself...
"He was here when I came looking for John!" Shane burst out. "I didn't tell him anything - he told ME to deliver you to him by tonight or he'd kill John."
"That line works?" John asked me, icily
I listened as A&E confirmed that someone matching Sherlock’s description had been there. (Right, yeah, the jumper...) They directed us to the morgue.
For fifteen minutes, there was no sign of the hunter in the dark green coat. Then Sherlock caught a flicker of movement in the stairwell opposite – he was there, watching.
Why would he watch John?
look out for him and not your Alpha father? Because your father left when you were young. You didn’t like how he treated your family – which more often than not means alcoholic – and resolved never to be like him. Thus your caring and your control of your instincts.”
John dreamt that they lived together, the three of them, in the Baker St. flat, that he slept between them every night, worrying... worrying... wondering if they resented him, the cripple.
"I'm fine."
"Yeah. Yes. I'd sent him away, told him not to contact me... then this happened." John lifted his left arm slightly. "Sherlock saved me from the... the man that did this. And Shane saved Sherlock... everything got more and more complicated..." John sighed, then tried to shake it off. "What about you, Angus? You had a partner?"
But his hands were shaking. The heroin was far away, following his salty tears in the salty currents...
the contact.
“He wants to ... to burn the heart out of me. John, YOU are my heart.” He looked back at me and I saw his fear. “He cannot know that! I won’t let him hurt you!”
The room was dim, Sherlock still a reassuring warmth next to me. I got up and cleaned my teeth and washed my face and started feeling more human.
“Yes.”
I nodded. "Lots of rest and lots of fluids." I said. "Soup will be here soon."
“I understand only too well.” One more try, I decided, endeavoring to calm myself down. “Listen mate, we’re straight, white men – and you’re a rich one – the world is so slanted in our favour already, why bother feeling threatened when someone else gets something?” His face told me I was right. “This is all about the title, innit? That it went to Anwen instead of Geraint?”
He sent concern, he sent care, and John sent curiosity. Then he brought Mycroft’s smoky-whisky scent to mind and let it fill his senses.
I found Lady Anwen on the stairs and explained the situation.
Sherlock had barely time to think about that because John was slipping his feet into his pants and sliding them up his legs. Sherlock’s trousers followed – Sherlock watched from some remove, wondering idly why John was bothering.
“OK, Come on, Shane. Let’s go. We’ll see you later.” Sherlock held the door open for Shane and exited after him.
It wasn’t what he had expected. He hadn’t expected contrition. He hadn’t expected an admission of virginity. He really hadn’t expected Sherlock to wax poetic about his jumpers…
As soon as the front door shut, I got up and drew a bath.
What happens now? I haven't seen him since  he revealed himself and his deception. Every day I think I'll text or call, reach out, talk to him again. Be with him again. I want to be with him again. But I'm so angry with him.
“That wasn’t very nice of him.”
“Any other excuses?”
“No? Probably wise if your mate is male. But one baby shouldn’t be a problem.”
An area by the center front window had been cleared, chair and occasional table pushed aside, the desk chair taking their place. An ashtray rested on the windowsill.
Shane was grateful that she’d thought to call whoever it was she and John had talked to. "The tunnel is back this way." He said, gesturing at the building behind her. "There's a lift..."
John brought a pillow despite my (rather weak) protest. I found myself grateful to have it as we settled ourselves on the floor of the coat room downstairs off the former servants' hall. We'd used John's iPhone to find our way here - me clinging to his hand - but now it was pitch dark and silent. We dared not whisper or turn on our phones or even move lest the light or sound give us away. We had to stay awake in the still darkness.
“But I was impatient. I wanted Magnussen’s files – I wanted to get the whole thing over with. I must have made her suspicious. I noticed the change in her behavior towards me immediately, but she was smart. She covered by pursuing me. Sexually. Which you already know, I couldn’t...
The gun! John’s gun!
Sherlock grabbed his arms. "John! John! Stop." John struggled – he was strong, bullishly strong, and he shoved Sherlock off him. Sherlock was forced backwards, he tripped over his chair and went down on the kitchen floor, hard. It took a moment for him to recover – he'd smacked his head on the lino and lost the plot briefly.
So when Shane said, “I really like you, John.” And leaned in to kiss him, John let it happen. It felt so different from kissing a woman – Shane was so much stronger and rougher, his chin sandpapery against John’s cheek, and hungrier, more demanding. John liked it.
“Like that video they showed you in New York.”
“I know how Moriarty thinks. Thought. I’m the only one that CAN do this. John... please believe me, I wish there were some other way. But there... there isn’t. I was followed – WE were followed everywhere. Dying was the only way to... to get them to let down their guard. They would have killed you, John. If I hadn’t agreed to take myself out of their way in the most permanent way possible, they would have killed you.”
“That’s your advice to Omegas?”
His hands were tugging at my flies and abruptly my cock sprang free from its denim prison. I almost gasped in relief. Sherlock pulled at my t-shirt and I held up my arms so he could shuck it over my head.
Sherlock finally looked up. John’s expression quelled his impulse to be flippant. “I don’t expect anything.” He said. “I had… hopes.”
“Sherlock’s not good with boundaries.”
I shrugged. “I’d expect a burglar to take more than one gun. They’re all valuable – not to mention the telly, the silver and...” I gestured. “...everything else.”
"What!?" Shane demanded when Sherlock had dragged him a few feet down the hall. "What do you want?!"
"Right." I said, feeling irritated. Disappointed. "Of course."
Sherlock’s head was thrown back, his eyes unfocused, his breathing harsh. His arse contracted around my cock becoming even more impossibly tight. I teetered on the edge... then Sherlock bit my neck, still shaking and moaning, and I fell into the abyss of orgasm, sharp shocks of pure pleasure wracking my body. Through it all one thought bloomed in my mind: Sherlock! Sherlock! He was mine! I was inside him and he was mine!
John nodded. “Alfred, I’m John. John Watson. How many more of them are there?”
John ordered another round for the three of them, tipping the Beta server lavishly, tucking it into his waistband with a sloppy leer. The server tolerated it with a tight smile. John bit back the impulse to apologise.
“Well, thank you... John.” Mary took my hand. “I don’t know what would have happened if you hadn’t...”
John came right over and sat on the floor, resting his head on the couch by my chest. I touched his hair lightly, wondering why he hadn't stayed overnight with her. Wondering if he'd got a leg over anyway. Wondering what he expected of me.
“I have to admit...” Lestrade said contemplatively. “I was surprised that you two... but at the same time it made sense.”
This is the end of Survivor. This story continues in 'The Choice' – John and Sherlock have another case ... and John makes a difficult decision.
He called my name again, but I didn't stop. I was angry. HE was the one that had started all this. He had claimed that he loved me. Why was he backing away now?!
“Do it!” Sherlock begged. “My Alpha!”
“Then we’ll do it. When I come home.” He sighed and it was so wistful.
John chuckled. “So… we really have to go to Miami.” He asked, brushing damp curls from Sherlock’s brow. “At least it’s not so awfully hot there this time of year.”
“In the course of the investigation, I came across a small-time drugs operation in Florida run by one Earnest Hudson. Hudson is on trial for murder right now and his operation is defunct. But I was able to see that someone had used Moriarty’s theorem to siphon off a not insignificant sum of money over the three decades Hudson had been in charge of the enterprise. It was the earliest use of the theorem I could find, and it was a rather rudimentary form of it.”
Sherlock shot him a glance, then grabbed a cable and swung himself gracefully onto the deck of the boat. “He won’t bond for years. You don’t expect him to be celibate, do you?”
I wanted it. I got to work cooking it, pulling an arm out of my coat, tying it off. For once, I found a vein quickly. I sighed with relief as I felt it travel through my body, erasing all my troubles. All except the gnawing worry that it wasn’t enough.
John and friend led them back to Baker Street.
! John began to thrust in earnest, the scent of sweat and sex mingling with Sherlock’s sweetness, creating a lustful haze. Every breath fed John’s arousal… heightened it dizzyingly...
And then Bill and Ellen were back, and John could tell that Bill had the information. Thank god they could get out of this pit!
"You came back." John repeated. "After what I said... I didn't know if you..." He tangled his fingers in Sherlock's dark curls, loving the feel of them. "Do you ever think about the night we spent together?
“I don’t know what to do.” John said plaintively. “I don’t know what you want.”
"Why? Because – according to Ani – Vic's been cut out of Dad's will?"
“You were with her when Mycroft contacted you? Right before you disappeared?” Sherlock deduced as he read.
"I know."
He should be with John. What was he doing in the antiseptic sex dungeon of the villain who may have cost John his feet? Shane couldn't even encompass that concept: John could be crippled – maimed – for the rest of his life. He couldn't reconcile that with his bad-ass boyfriend. When John had taken out the robber in the pub with such ease and grace, Shane had thought ‘Oh, yes please! I’ll take that one.’
“I don’t!”
"No..." Shane began.
John saw my unhappiness. "Hey, what's wrong?" He asked.
Sherlock suspected that John’s unwillingness to eat had more to do with whatever dysfunction his hands had suffered than the unappetizing nature of the breakfast. But he didn’t ask.
Angus threw up his hands. "Third floor. Knock yourself out."
He still expected Sherlock to propose again, to want to insinuate himself into every corner of John's life, to consume him... having Shane would prevent that. No matter what Sherlock did, John would have Shane.
“Hush.” Sherlock said. “He’s watching.”
"Stop..." He began, reaching for John's gun.
“I don’t want to be cured.” Sherlock said, noting the stiffness of Shane’s posture, the way he gripped the wheelchair, his knuckles white with tension. “No matter what John does or doesn’t do, I’m better off for loving him.”
The day Mummy was due for dinner, John had watched Sherlock pace and fidget for hours. He changed his shirt three times and shouted at Mycroft’s (delightful) cook before John drew his Omega into his arms and held him close. “There’s nothing she can do.” He murmured, projecting his certainty through their link.
“Very well.” Mycroft agreed grudgingly. “But get it done quickly. The sooner you’re out of the country, the better.”
“I don’t care.” I said. “He’s not ready. It’s too dangerous.”
"John, in two weeks you'll have worked out how to do everything on your own."
Mycroft sniffed – heat pheromones didn’t have a scent so much as they had a texture. They should be making his brother distinctly uncomfortable. Yes, Sherlock could see a sheen of perspiration on his brow. Perhaps that's why he'd become so uncharacteristically emotional.
"No, he can't. He THINKS he can, but he's shite at it. Jesus! I have to go back! I have to help him!"
Lady Anwen didn’t appear to notice (though she must have). She introduced Sherlock to her brothers, and after a long (to me) second, Sherlock recovered himself and greeted them.
“You didn’t answer the door. I brought fish and chips.” He said, holding up a greasy bag.
And he was aroused!  He felt John's cum dripping down the back of his thighs, John's hand gripping his neck... he was dizzy with renewed lust.
It wasn't a big leap from that to being 'in love' with him. Maybe I already was in love with him – I just couldn't admit any anomalous bisexuality to myself... why not? What was the big deal? Because it had never happened before didn't mean it couldn't happen. And now that it had, I didn't want to be afraid of it.
Mariah: Job! Do you actually get paid?
“Yeah... erm... what’s your name? I should probably know that. I’m John. John Watson.”
He slept through the morning of the next day. Sherlock had attracted too much attention the night before and had been followed from the back room game. He'd been obliged to 'disappear' – a maneuver that unfortunately entailed hiding in a bin then climbing a fire escape to an inconveniently isolated rooftop and whiling away several hours in the cold before climbing down and making his way back to the pensioners' hotel.
"He knows how to take a compliment too." Angus snapped. Then he softened. "I know it's frustrating, but John's depression is normal under the circumstance."
“There are others.” Sherlock assured him. “But don’t let anyone pressure you into bonding with someone you don’t like. Not even Mummy – especially not Mummy! That isn’t the price of living here.”
"Well, people die..."
“What do you mean… Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock and I are not a couple. We were never a couple.”
...I awoke in the dark with the certainty that Moriarty was free. He was coming for me.
(See the end of the chapter for
I want to scream at the enormity of it. Not just the time lost, but the way we’ve both changed.
And that makes sense to me. Looking at Sherlock and looking at me – and looking at Victor – second thoughts make sense. A lot more sense than Sherlock wanting me.
"Yeah, I'll make it simple for you: don't follow me any more. Don't come here, don't call. When you've taken care of whoever that is out there watching me, send me a text - otherwise don't contact me at all. At all. I'll contact you if I have anything to say."
The doctor frowned, weighing the information.
Later people would come to talk to him about prosthetics and occupational therapy and the realities of his life from now on. His life as a cripple. John wasn’t sure he could listen. He might scream. Or he might just go to sleep.
He slowed abruptly and stroked deliberately in and out then resumed his faster rhythm, savoring the strangled curse Sherlock flung at him. He leaned over and kissed Sherlock’s outrageous lips – Sherlock grabbed his face and held him there, kissing him like it was oxygen. John began a slow, hard thrusting and Sherlock’s eyes glazed over, he trembled and his arse contracted around John’s cock. “I don’t know...” Sherlock mumbled. “I don’t know how to do this....”  He came on John’s chest and his own with a look of surprise on his beautiful face.John’s heart broke with love.
“Do you think that your bonding has something to do with how you’re feeling now? Out of control?” Sholto asked.
As I made my way down the block, leaning on my cane, I could feel Sherlock watching me from the window.
No, I'm past that, I have no illusions. It won't redeem me, it won’t make me – or you – feel any better about Jean-Claude. Nothing will. But it will help them. That seemed worth doing.”
“Pregnancy.” Sherlock told him, his face set like stone. “Specifically, a difficult or non-viable pregnancy. I remember Papa had a bitter scent that Autumn.”
“No, that’s not... it’s not because you’re an Omega, it’s because you’re...
For a few years I told myself that as soon as I was old enough, Victor would come for me. It was foolish. I realised how foolish when I turned sixteen. I had other lovers... or I tried. I was so lonely without him. No one touched me like he had. And after a while – an ever shortening while – they became tremendously dull. Either Victor had been incredibly special, or, more likely, my youth made him seem that way.
What was it that he had to tell John?
I didn’t even know I was capable of loving so deeply, capable of caring so much, of feeling so happy – until you showed me, John.
"Why doesn't she just GIVE Vic the money if she's so upset about it?!" Gereth burst out.
It was only yesterday, our first kiss – that had quickly become our first time together. As intense as that had been, our discussion afterwards had been more so.
“Sherlock?”
John sighed. “Yeah.”
"A patient died. Where's John?" Sherlock asked, seeing the empty bed.
John groaned with frustration. “Ow! Fuck!” He exclaimed.
“So, both were relatively young and healthy, both were recovering and both were due to be moved out of critical care.” John said with a frown. “Don’t angels of death usually target people who are suffering? People with terminal illness or old age for whom death could be perceived a mercy? This doesn’t fit the profile.”
“My guardian,” Sherlock said. “Was my brother. He and my mother – whom you have all met – chose a mate for me. I expected that... I was raised knowing a mate would be chosen for me. I came here and met him… but as soon as I scented him, I knew I could never bond with him. His scent… it was
"Ow! Fuck! What are you doing?!" John shouted, trying to jerk away. "Stop!" He shoved Sherlock into the vanity hard, upsetting the toothbrushes and the shaving cream.
"Don't forget that the prosthetist is coming today – after John's physical therapy."
“It will be easy once you’re in heat.” Mummy told him.
“Please, John... please...” The Omega moaned. “I need ...”
"How has that been working out? Are you free?"
"I can have soup and tea brought up for Sherlock – and dinner for you as well?"
"Coming on to me. He's never done that before - I guess he learned a few things when he was away." John scrubbed his face with his hand - he was suddenly exhausted, he had slept little since discovering Sherlock in Speedy's. "I wanted to stop him, I tried. Pushing him away, forcing him to stop - it was so physical. I even threatened to break his arm, he didn't care - I was touching him, that's all that mattered. Whatever I did just escalated everything."
Lestrade kissed him again, bursting with unabashed joy. “I want her to know that you’re mine. I want everyone to know!” He laughed and touched his soulmate’s jaw. “And everyone will!”
"Just stick by him, that's what he needs."
“You know where we’re going?” Lestrade asked John abruptly, changing the subject. Sherlock saw the tension clenching the policeman's jaw – he was nervous that John would use this new information to suss his secret. He needn't worry, it had never occurred to John that Lestrade was anything but a Beta. “An address?”
Mycroft tugged his face up, so their lips met. Lestrade obliged him, kissing him breathless, delighting in the feeling of the elegant fingers in his hair and on his neck. He wished he could shift position, get some friction on his throbbing groin — and on Mycroft’s obviously excited member. Lestrade considered palming him through his trousers but decided to wait until they were indoors — he didn’t want to escalate in the car.
Google revealed that Sebastian Moran had been a Colonel in the British Army and had served in Afghanistan and Iraq before retiring. There were also several more recent mentions of Moran playing in poker tournaments, quite successfully. And he'd written a book that was now out of print.
Mary smiled to herself, satisfied with the memory of her accomplishment. “Marcas was very pleased. We had proseco with dinner.”
Clearly Sholto didn’t want to talk about his marriage. (Privately John thought the 'problem' was that Mr. Sholto only dated other Alphas. That was always fraught.) He sighed and nodded. “It’s getting away from me, James.”
"Don't wait too long." Was all she said. Then there was silence and I knew - I KNEW - she was kissing him. I ground my teeth with hatred - although it meant he wasn't leaving with her. "Thanks for the loaner... and the tea." She said. "You're the best." Another silence - she was kissing him again! I found myself on my feet, pressing my ear to Mrs. Hudson's front door, straining to hear exactly what was happening.
"That's the question. We know how – doubtless the sniper set up in that building adjacent – but who and why. I need to know more about Luther Jones." Sherlock studied the laptop. "It appears undamaged." He remarked.
“Is that what you do?” John growled. “Traffic Omegas?” Through his own fury, John felt Sherlock’s horror.
Then I remembered – John! I was in a safe house in London and John was here! I laid back in relief. It took a moment to calm my breathing, to flush the adrenaline from my system.
Sherlock looked over at the man. "We go get John. Come on." Sherlock strode across the room, removing the stocking cap and ruffling his black curls. He ran down the stairs, Shane Bruno a few steps behind him, and flung open the front door. The street was empty. Sherlock stepped out onto the pavement and raised his arms in surrender.
“Oh, just proving a point.”
If you subscribe to the new fic – or to me, I guess – you'll be notified when chapters are posted.
"Heterosexist... you're gay...?"
“Right.” Lestrade said. He took a deep breath. “Your brother... is his scent ok?”
“Sherlock’s brother? Is he the ponce that made me come here?”
Lestrade, with a herculean effort, twisted, pivoted, swinging the man he grappled towards Sherlock.
It ended there, John's blog entry. It wasn't posted, obviously John never INTENDED to post anything so personal. He never intended Sherlock to see it. Or anyone.
The second man was holding a purse and had been rooting through it. But he watched with interest as his mate struck the woman.
She sighed – then chucked me on the arm sheepishly. “By the way... you should probably call the Inspector. I mentioned that you’d gone missing too – I’m afraid I was a little hysterical.”
“That’s... erm, great. Did you bring him in?” I tried to work up some enthusiasm for the case. I poured myself more whisky.
I would have to cut his bonds. I felt for my knife. I wanted to hold him, pick him up in my arms and carry him out of this hell hole. I started to saw through the first rope.
“It’s stronger when Alpha and Omega are compatible.” Sherlock murmured. “And when pleasure is mutual.” John smiled, realising that Sherlock was feeling John’s emotions just as John was feeling his. Adding this to the astonishing way the young man had been able to know so much about John simply by looking at him, he might as well be reading his mind.
"His reaction – it had to be authentic if anyone were to believe in my death."
"I'm here." John told the still figure when they were alone, taking his hand. "It's John, I'm here with you, Sherlock. I'll be with you the whole time. You're safe now. No one will hurt you while I'm here.
“Sit.” John urged, setting a pot of jam on the table. He passed Sherlock his tea and watched him spoon sugar into it. He spread jam on toast and made beans on toast and set it all down on the table. Sherlock picked up a piece with jam and looked at it.
He looked at me as he said Victor's name. Of course he did – John was worried about me. I wanted to think he was worried that he had a rival... but I could read him like a book and that had not even crossed his mind.
"Yes, of course."
“That’s… that’s 2,000 pounds a month!”
"Fuck – let me take this thing off." John said, moving to stand.
The third floor was identical to the second and the fourth appeared to house active prostitutes as well. The fifth floor was dim and there were many more doors along the narrow hallway – servants’ quarters originally, and now, possibly, rooms for the Omegas not currently in heat. John tried the closest door and found it locked. He decided to follow the stairs up to the sixth and final floor before investigating further.
The young Omega looked at him with incomprehension. She was battered, her face shadowed with bruises, her eyes red. She’d been strapped to an exam bench with cruel disregard for comfort, the leather restrains digging into her flesh. Her feet were strapped into stirrups, holding her legs apart – she’d been prepped for some kind of procedure, John realised. There wes blood on the inside of one thigh, the result of careless jabs. John didn’t want to know what they’d injected into the girl.
“James.” John smiled briefly.
Sherlock frowned. “You’ve never been chubby.”
“Where’s John?!” Sherlock demanded, striding towards his brother. “Where is he!?”
“But you don’t know anything about me.” The Alpha protested.
“You seem… astonished.” Lestrade said, hiding his smile. He hauled open the window closest to the dining table and sitting on the sill, knocked a fag from his pack and lit up. He blew the smoke out the window. “Everyone has the same reaction.” He said. “Not that I entertain much.”
"I think she was touching my feet. They were uncovered... cold..." John shook off the memory of the strange dream, wading out into the cold, cold ocean... "If she's the murderer, she's rather tipped her hand."
Oh, that. "I had to run a small experiment. For a case." I explained.
John rescues the captive Omegas.
“Drug cartels. Mycroft and I have identified Moriarty’s signature in the workings of one of the most successful drug cartels in North America.”
“I’m an idiot – of course you can have the flat. Mycroft can have someone take away anything you don’t want...”
“You’re giving me too much credit.” Lestrade told him.
"Those people?!" I asked pointedly, hoping he didn't  mean what he obviously meant. "Yorkshiremen?"
“And John? Don’t bring anything this time. It’s, erm, not necessary.”
“Do you want to meet him?” John asked.
Our lovemaking had been fraught. When I touched him, he would twitch away, involuntarily. I don’t think he even realised he was doing it. Laying half on top of him had provoked the beginnings of a panic attack. I hardly knew what to do – it was obvious that any sort of rejection would have devastated him.
John nodded slowly, accepting this.
“I don't know what that means.”
Sherlock turned his attention to John, dismissing Shane. "Your hunter - the man tailing you."
Moran's head dropped in momentary frustration, but he pushed himself away from the table and turned towards John.
"No one, even those you trust most – you don't know what that person might let slip. Better keep it between us for now."
“My little brother is mortally wounded, of course I got here quickly.” Mycroft replied.
“Yeah. As soon as I can find a place. I’m going to sleep on Stamford’s couch for a few days in the interim.”
“Sherlock...” Mycroft began. “Be reasonable.”
“Bedmates. They really aren’t supposed to be in the hospital beds. You need the time and space to heal.”
The link! Maybe he could use it. Regardless of distance, John would have known if Sherlock had been killed or if he were hurt. Clearly, he was alive – John just knew that.
“Sherlock didn’t think so. He was convinced you’re in real danger. He wanted me to protect you.”
"How much of that did you hear?"
But I wanted him sober, not so pissed he barely knew what he was doing.
Gone.
“He’s 100 percent trustworthy. More so than my brother and you’ve obviously let him have a close sniff.”
"Oh, Gereth!" Ani wailed.
Omegas...
And Jason, a man he'd met four times. He had always LIKED Jason – pilots, like surgeons, had that unshakable calm in the face of (external) disaster. And he was dashing and handsome and very masculine – with a touch of the vitality that made his cousin, Shane, so attractive to John. Jason had made no secret that he was impressed with John, more impressed than John felt he merited.
John looked over at the bed. The steady rhythm of the ventilator punctuated by electronic heartbeats proved Sherlock was very much alive. But he looked terribly helpless.
“Yep.” Lestrade replied evenly. “As soon as you eat.”
John, I love you more than anyone or anything in this world. If it had not been necessary to save your life – and Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade – I would not have put you through one second of pain. Your reaction had to be authentic for the ruse to succeed. You were the key.
"It will have been before Mr. Jones was killed." I said. John didn't bother answering so obvious an observation.
“Shut up!” He growled, shaking Sherlock like a rag doll. He pulled him close, against his barrel chest. Sherlock could smell his individual scent, it was dank and chemical, like a vile locker room after it had been scrubbed with bleach. “You’re the Holmes Omega.” The big Alpha said – he
“Of course not, love. I’ve been waiting for you to come home.”
“Clay. Good middle-of-the-road Alpha scent.”
I watched him at the stove, his arse outlined nicely by the kimono-style dressing gown he wore. He’d painstakingly rolled up the long sleeves to keep them out of the frying pan.
Molly flung herself into his arms and hugged him fiercely. “I thought... I thought... I didn’t think I’d see them again...” she hiccuped, tears on her face.
“Reminds me.” Bill said, reaching for his pocket. “You two should be elephant’s. Gargle wi’ this.” He held up a pint bottle of whisky. Sherlock took a mouthful and spat it out. He handed it to Lestrade who did the same, then pulled his tie off and spilled a bit on his rumpled shirt. “Butch it up a bit, lads. Walk like an Alpha.” He demonstrated his confident stride.
“Yes.”
I heard the outside door open - for an instant I thought the lady herself had returned (handy that, I could acquaint her with her guest) - then I heard John's laugh.
“No.” Sherlock said curtly.
“No… I don’t think so…” I looked uncertainly at Anwen.
"No. No, I'm fine." John said distracted. He looked at his phone. The story was still there.
“‘Ross Noble’ doesn’t exist.” Lestrade leaned towards me. “The clerk said he was an actor – and here’s the thing – Moriarty came into the dry cleaner’s with him several times. They were friends.”
He did not. "Come sit on the couch for a minute, yeah?"
Sherlock kissed him back, but John could feel that he was distracted. "What did Mycroft want to talk to you about?" He asked. The elder Holmes had appeared early and he and Sherlock had had a tete-a-tete whilst John was in the bedroom.
“Need some help with that?” John asked mildly.
The center level is an engineering feat the like of which I’ve never seen. Through it, one can access tunnels that twist and travel underneath all of London. One can emerge in any of over two dozen places, unseen. Or one could vanish, if one could find an entrance and knew the passcode. One tunnel leads directly to Mycroft’s club, another to Parliament, so he can appear and disappear at will – if he’s of a mind to walk that far.
"You should do the right thing - stay away from John for his sake. He'll be safer and happier."
"Oh!" This was not what Sherlock had expected.
I nodded and handed the gun back to him. His hand brushed mine as he took it. I looked into his eyes, held his gaze for a long, electric moment.
John laughed. Then he stopped and his hand closed around my ankle. “It wasn’t that easy.” He said.
“Touché.” Sherlock replied, carelessly.
There was a shot from inside the house and Anwen screamed. As we ran, I heard shouting inside the house.
I caressed his face – there were new wrinkles around his eyes, on his forehead. I traced one with my thumb. He shied away from my examination, burying his face in my neck. “It’s ok, love.” I assured him, petting the stubbly fuzz on his head. “I’ve missed you so much!”
Anwen grabbed the naked boy by his upper arm and hauled him off the bed, his pecker flapping. But she was looking at a Victor. "How could you?!" She demanded. "He's fifteen!"
They didn’t FEEL decorative. The more aware he became, the more painful it was – he had lost feeling in the arm he was lying on and could barely feel his feet, his hip and shoulder dug painfully into the floor. John flexed his arm and the ropes burned, becoming tighter and more constricting.
"Do you?" I asked sharply. "You do... you were a heroin addict." I observed.
I know what I am and I know what I can do. I'm handy in a fight and I'm a crack shot – not to mention I'm a damn good doctor. But even at my peak, I've never been a fit specimen like Victor Trevor. I know what I look like – 'pleasant' is about the best I can aspire to. Unpreposessing is what most people think, if they think of me at all. 'Comedic' is something I guard against.
John disarmed the man closest to him, grabbing his gun hand and chopping his forearm, making him drop the gun, then John swung him around by the arm, twisting it, and shoved him, hard, against the wall by the door. The man struggled and John punched him twice in the kidneys. He cruelly twisted the man's arm farther up behind his back. The man cried out and John twisted harder. "Shut up!" He said.
“Yeah.” Gereth sagged. Defeat? Or was the weight of his prejudices bringing him down?
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Not spicy per se, just not sweet. Some Omegas – I don’t know if it’s all or just some – have an especially sensitive sense of smell. I can pick up notes in an Alpha’s personal scent that lead me to be wary of that person. A few are very… distressing.”
I moaned again, my cock throbbing - we'd never tried this position. I moved up his body, settling my knees in front of his shoulders, his arms between my calves and thighs. John stroked my arse lovingly as I positioned the head of my penis at his lips. He tilted his head forward and took the head into his mouth, groaning with want. He sucked and his talented tongue lavished attention on my cockhead, lapping up the liquid desire seeping from it.
John moaned. He thumbed Shane's nipples through his shirt. Erect, they were big, the size and firmness of thimbles. John wanted to have them in his mouth. He pushed Shane onto his back and climbed on top of him, fitting their legs so each had a thigh against the others' cock and they could rub and frot because oh, god, that felt fantastic. He took a moment to tongue a nipple through the cloth, eliciting a happy gasp, then lay full length on top of Shane, buried a hand in his thick, chestnut hair and kissed him.
"Ten minutes." The administrator told me, gesturing at a hard chair next to a wall mounted phone.
She looked John over thoughtfully. “Lucky you found each other, then. Your children will be exceptional, Watson.
"I'll make tea." She said.
When I came into the room, I saw that John's bed was, as always, pristine – hospital corners without a wrinkle in the green coverlet. He'd hung two framed album covers on the wall – Eno's Here Come The Warm Jets and Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band – since I'd been in the room last. His duffel was, as usual, on top of the wardrobe. John was sitting in his chair with a novel in his lap.
I turned to find the youngest brother. "Hullo, Gereth. Call me John."
John was impressed. “If she’s an Omega, what is she doing living rough?”
Sherlock’s phone trilled. “You didn’t set it to silent!?” Lestrade snapped furiously. The absolute wanker! The ringing was riling the mob below, more pressing in, trampling their fellows underfoot.
Two days later, Mary texted a selfie of her black eye. -first rule of fight club- the text read, -do not talk about fight club-
“Clearly. I’ve assured Mrs. Hudson that I can keep her husband locked up in Florida in exchange for a good deal on the second floor flat in her building.”
“Fighting.” It wasn’t a question.
“You’ll be spending tomorrow with your family.” Lestrade mused. “John said he and Rosie were at yours this year.”
After that, Sherlock searched Dusette out and had used her expertise on a number of occasions. Contacting her involved sending messages via certain homeless, a process which could take days. He was lucky today, he was invited to meet that same day. He brought her his notes and diagrams and turned the problem of the hunter's house over to her. She'd let him know when she'd cracked the house's security.
"Ani, I didn't know." Victor said. "I didn't know he hurt Afan!"
Anwen flung open the door. "What is this!?" She demanded in a voice more angry than loud.
Lestrade nodded. He holstered his gun and secured the cricket bat by slipping it through his belt — it was a comfortingly unyielding block pressing against his ribs and hip — and held out his hands, weaving his fingers together. Not for the first time, Lestrade was grateful he’d found this pair of leather gloves. He bent, offering his hands as a step.
But he HAD to warn John! He had to help him! Protect him! He had to swim!
“That all sounds rather dramatic.”
I found her in the study working on her laptop. She smiled at me.
“It’s fine.” John said in a voice that implied it really WAS fine. “I’ll be right outside in the hall if you need me.” He caressed my cheek briefly, smiling at me, then left the room closing the door behind him.
“That’s me.” He was escorted away to make his statement. Mike was taken a minute later.
"I understand." I said, raising my hands to show they were empty. "You know I understand."
"That's great."
John took hold of Angus' arm – the man was SOLID. Automatically, His soldier's mind started going through the moves to take someone like this down. He might have to take a blow or two but John's training could win out over brute strength – the trick was to be faster and to never let your guard down. A quick punch to the solar plexus – or the throat – to incapacitate him momentarily, grab the arm and swing him round fast twisting the arm behind him, no wall nearby so trip him onto his knees and twist the arm up over his head...
"You're in MY bed. Leave room for me."
"You're sure? I wouldn't ask, but he's disappeared and that's not like him."
! This is Moriarty, it has to be."
"I tried yesterday. I thought maybe a good wank would make me feel better. But my cock ...it's..." John inhaled another breath of Sherlock. "He took so much..."
She laughed, a sudden bark. “Teresa May.” She said. “It’s 2017. I’m fine.”
"I'm not the man I was." I told John sadly. "I'm not the man you loved."
John stood up beside him. “Think we’ll find witnesses this time?”
He closed his eyes against the thought and against the pain on Shane's face.
Instead, he continued up the narrow back stairs more cautiously and hoped Lestrade’s troops put the smug twat in jail.
Mycroft’s eyes flicked over the copper. “That’s… evil.”
“Mmmph!” John flipped me onto my back and rolled on top of me. His weight felt divine, pressing me into the futons. He kissed me, teasing me with his lips and tongue. I was so aroused, I wanted him to consume me... but John refused, making me pant and beg for him.
“Start with the blue bottle.” Sherlock ordered. “It will get rid of that dire vanilla. Then use the brown bottle and then the red bottle – it's more complicated than Beta scent, Alpha scents have complex hormonal and pheromonal components. Happily, Alpha biochemistry is well understood – the viagra industry alone has done several major studies."
"John..." Sherlock mumbled, shifting under the duvet.
Walter nodded. "Still am, just in recovery. But it wasn't forced on me, I did it to myself. That was decades ago and I still feel the pull."
John showed up to Alpha-chi one day, a few months in, with a shiner and bruises on his knuckles. Sholto took him aside.
“I thought we agreed on a death match.” Sherlock said.
I looked down at myself. "Clearly."
“Yes. You’ve said.”
"Did Sherlock say something? Or Bob?" John demanded.
She glared at me with bloodshot eyes. “Ok. Fine. One more week. Just for you, Johnny.”
— That would be great. When’s good? —
It was tempting. SO tempting. John sighed. "No, it's fine." He said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s right, Mummy. I’m a breeder. I’m a fucking walking womb. God knows you’ve never seen anything more. Sorry I wasn’t an Alpha! I disappointed you from the start, why should I stop now?!”
As always, I value your comments.
No one had seen or heard from John for almost twelve hours. "Where was his phone?"
“Detective Inspector Lestrade, how delightful to discover you alive.”
He was panting, his nose streaming blood. He was shorter than I and broader. Not for the first time, I wished I had John’s training – he made subduing villains look effortless. Better yet, I wished I had John. He handled situations like this so efficiently. I would have to go a few more rounds before my attacker gave it up.
“Over here!” I called as I ran to Sherlock. He was emaciated, his ribs and spine pushing painfully against his skin. His bare torso was striped with cuts and welts from a flogging – a few days ago at least judging by the scabbing and bruising. His unruly dark curls had grown to about half their usual length, but they were lank and dull. He was filthy and he stank of urine, BO and shit.
“That ...that knob lost him? Jesus, Greg! I don’t like him but I didn’t think he was incompetent...”
I wanted him. His long, ivory neck was hot under my lips, his shoulders flexed powerfully as I caressed him. I could feel his heartbeat fluttering, racing... he wanted me too, I felt it in his body, the way he pressed himself against me, held me with his strong hands...
“Tomorrow.” Sherlock’s hands shook as he held me.
"I brought some case files." Lestrade told him, proffering a sheaf of folders. "Just a couple that I thought you could help us put to bed."
Moriarty was a spider, spinning his web. Soon enough they would be caught in it.
“Mrs Hudson, you’re freezing! Come on, let’s get you inside.” The sly old woman — who legitimately appeared to be uncomfortably cold — took Sherlock’s arm and Mycroft led them indoors.
Sherlock scoffed.
“I said, leave him alone.” The smuggler’s voice had taken on an edge.
“Must be helpful, having an Omega parent to give you advice like that.”
The pit of Sherlock’s stomach twisted in fear and his mouth suddenly tasted like bile, but he smiled warmly, making sure the warmth reached his eyes, and nodded.
"No, don't minimize what he did. Moran would have killed Dusette. He would have ... played ...with me ... he would have broken me...and he would have killed me. Then he would have come for you. If Shane hadn't gone with Dusette, he would have ...I would be in hell right now. Instead, I'm in bed with you."
"Because it's what I do. This man..." Sherlock gestured at the corpse. "... has died in suspicious circumstances. The pleurisy wasn't life-threatening, he was on the mend, yet he died overnight. He died and no one noticed. I expect that's not how things normally go here."
My legs were wet through as well, and my hands and nose were numb with cold, but I was warming up quickly crouching in front of the fireplace. I undressed Sherlock – and made another shocking discovery about my flat mate – he had a pierced nipple. It looked good as those things go – a gauge 4 stainless steel barbell straight through the dainty rosebud.
Sherlock had had to wait until the household was sleeping to escape. He’d shammed a grudging acceptance, even letting Jim touch him – the caress on his cheek and the soft press of lips making his skin crawl – and smiling tentatively before withdrawing.
"Shane, thank god." John said and buried his face in his hands.
"Not long." John said. "He told me some things about himself, his ex-boyfriend. I was curious, I googled him. He said his ex was living in Sheffield – but he was killed by a GBH overdose! It's not a coincidence."
**John hadn't felt up to explaining what had happened to Mike – or anyone. Nor could he pretend everything was normal.**
"You too!" I said into his neck. "I want to touch you too!" I pulled his shirt out of his jeans and snaked a hand inside – then I abandoned the venture and cupped his cock through his trousers, squeezing gently. He groaned – I wanted to hear that glorious sound again!
“Be serious.”
“In here. Lock up behind you, yeah?”
“What’s this about then.” John asked coolly. Having an enemy to focus on was calming. John focused on Moran like a laser.
“The will again!?” Selwyn burst out. “Seriously, Ani…”
“John—"
He dried quickly, ignoring the pile of filthy clothes and donned the kit provided — military issue boxers, khaki trousers and a white cotton t-shirt. They all fit, if a bit more snugly than Lestrade would have chosen for himself.
John felt his spirits rise at the thought of a good cup of tea. “Mrs, Hudson, I would like nothing better.”
But John believed that Sherlock loved him – he’d known before, but not so viscerally. He hadn’t known that this was all new to him. Who gets their first crush when they’re thirty-five!? That Sherlock had run from it John could understand too.
“That was ten days ago.” I told John tonelessly. “I don’t know how Mycroft got me out of the U.S. He brought me here...”
We could hear them, the wet sounds of their kissing, the words they exchanged.
I nodded. Shaking, I forced myself to sit up. John stood and pulled me to my feet. He kissed me. “You know, I watched soldiers saying goodbye to their wives and girlfriends before we shipped out... despite the war, I always thought they had the bad end of the stick. I never imagined I’d be in their place.”
I WOULD believe in Sherlock. With all of my being. And he WOULD come home.
Vinokourov laughed and his lieutenants joined him. “This from the man who spit in my face, who fought like a tiger! It took six men to hold him down! Six! All the while he vowed to destroy us! Destroy me. Look at him now. This isn’t a man. For the promise of a hit of skag, he’d suck our cocks right here in the mess.”
For a moment, the room was perfectly silent and still. I wondered what it was that made the rape so immediately obvious. Blood. I must be bleeding. I was grateful for the morphine – but even with it, I felt distress at being laid open for this scrutiny. I didn’t want this vulnerability. I didn’t want everyone to know. I wished Vinokourov had been faster with the machete. Or that Hulk had gotten in a few more punches. I wouldn’t be here, exposed.
Mycroft. For years Sherlock had vowed that as soon as was free of his guardianship, he'd cut himself off from his family completely. But reality was nothing like what he'd imagined. Sherlock needed hi brother if they were going to take down Moriarty. And Mycroft seemed changed... humbled... by Moriarty and the riot...  But could Sherlock trust him? They had always been simpatico, their intelligence so similar... it had been comforting growing up to know that Mycroft
I rolled my eyes involuntarily at the last. The ridiculous 'higher power' again.
The space heater was still on. After the stairs, Lestrade found the room stuffy.
“No, listen. It’s not Lestrade’s fault. He had a team following Moran, a team that included your friend Ravi Vaachaspati...”
“Very. I’m 95 percent certain it was murder.”
“I’ll stop when you gain a little weight back.”
He sounded almost frantic. “Ok.” I said softly. “Ok… slow down.” I pulled him into my arms. “When… when are we dealing with Sebastian Moran?”
But John waited.
"I'm so.... so useless now. Useless, stupid, scared... I don't deserve you. I don't... I remember, after I was shot, I couldn't wait to get out of the army... but at the same time, I dreaded leaving the army... I wanted to settle down, marry, get a job... or I didn't want to, I thought I SHOULD want to. I keep wondering when I'll be ready to settle down... but maybe I never will. I'll always be a pathetic, adrenaline junkie.
"Sherlock!"
Then I remember. I jumped. I’m dead.
"You've got the hook thing."
“Oh…” Shane was taken aback. He opened his mouth to say more, but Sherlock interrupted.
John came back to himself slowly struggling to remember where he was.
We did end up ordering dinner – or rather, I ordered and waited for it while Sherlock spent a sinfully long (even for him) time in the bath.
“Dealing with most of Moriarty’s people has been drudgery. But there were two who were clever enough not to be completely boring. I knew immediately they were working together, though outwardly they presented themselves as rivals. Eugénie Lanctot was a fixer – she would be called in to clean up messes other people within the organization made. Clean up almost always included killing whoever had made the mess, and not infrequently, punters – bystanders who were just in the wrong place. I’d been taking apart the organization – causing messes to be made – and I’d seen her team swoop in several times.
Sherlock fought to drag his thoughts back to himself, to the jouncing lorry and Lestrade... They both still stank of Alpha, there was no way they had been identified as Omegas by scent. If they hadn't been abducted because they were Omegas, why had he
“I mean it.” I told him.
Moran looked like he was going to hit John again - but then he changed. It was like a hood dropped down over his fury, masking it, hiding it. His features calmed into the blandly handsome face. His eyes were cold, distant. He stood and picked up the crop again. He applied himself energetically to the cock and ball torture. John screamed.
“Hullo, Vic. John.” She greeted us. We greeted her in turn then made our way into the kitchen. I hadn’t had much breakfast, and was hungry. There was charcuterie, sourdough bread, crudité, sliced cheeses, mustard and other sandwich fixings. I made myself a ham and cheese and sat down at the table with Victor and Anwen.
Sherlock must have seen me gaping. “It’s a hedge maze.” He told me. “One of the largest.”
, actually, what I’m worried about.” Lestrade said, picking up the blue bottle and sniffing it experimentally.
“Leave him alone.” Sherlock said tersely.
"Probably." John agreed. "He used quicklime ... did he think it would destroy the body? Why bother?"
“I haven’t built up a resistance to opiates.”
But John waited for me to come home. He must see the purpose, even if I can’t. He wouldn’t have waited, wouldn’t have put his life in stasis if there was no point. As often as I accuse him of it, John is not an idiot. Not about things like this.
"The only place you're going is hospital." Shane said firmly.
Then the Omega did something (else) John didn’t expect. He lowered the ladder and gestured for John to join him on the fire escape. For a long moment, as he climbed the ladder, John felt that the Omega had chosen him! This beautiful, fragile, young man wanted to bond with
I narrowed my eyes. “Mycroft called you.” I said. I wondered briefly what Lestrade might think about me laying in Sherlock’s bed. I realised I didn’t care.
Gods! He was bloody tired! It made Lestrade sick to hurt these people, to shoot them, to hit them with the cricket bat, break their bones, crush their skulls… kill them — they were victims, infected by
Sherlock studied his brother – he stood in the doorway, ready to close the door and leave if Sherlock’s heat pheromones became too strong. John was right, he looked downright gleeful all the time now – all because Lestrade had deigned to sleep with him on a more or less regular basis. Sherlock had expected the policeman to have more sense.
It was a stunning amount of freedom. And if it was still less than he deserved, it was more than he’d ever expected to have.
Eventually, Victor carried Gereth out of the maze, marching in front of the gun I held on them. I felt ridiculous, it was obvious to me that Victor wouldn't run. But John was behind me, helping the injured Lady Anwen.
"What do you mean, 'he's back?'" John asked.
“Cam has the spare key to his flat. I was going to meet him there after court... I’m so afraid we’ll find him there... dead.”
“Why is everyone an idiot?! How does Lestrade catch criminals without me?”
was the strongest Alpha.
"Is it?" Bob asked.
“Stolen, do you think?”
Moran eyed him closely. "Not even the 'beguiling' Dr. Watson?"
I had laughed WITH John. I realised that for the first time in many, many years, I was sharing the joke – not bored, not playing a role, and most importantly, not the butt of the joke.
The only thing I can compare it to is when he thought Irene Adler had died... but this is worse. With Irene, I hated to see him that way, but I knew what was going on. It made sense.
Sherlock smiled at him through a mouthful of peas. John smiled back.
They took a footbridge across a canal to a well-used tip, where they waded into the landfill using a trail of boards laid down by the forensic techs. The whole place stank of rot and mould.
By then it was full dark and Royal Marines were shooting people in the streets. The rat-a-tat of their guns sounding near and far.
In the bath, I helped him lie back and wet his hair, then I rested a cool flannel on his forehead and over his eyes. I kept a hand under his neck – I wasn't confident he wouldn't go under.
Eventually John’s head bounced off the brick wall and he took a punch to the solar plexus. His reflexes were slowing, the disco music was stuttering, John knew he wouldn’t last much longer. He would fall and be trampled underfoot with the other bloodied and broken defeated Alphas. Where were the police?!
It wasn't fine. The moment he walked into the restaurant, John knew it was very much not fine.  No one was looking at his prosthetic, the hooked pincers emerging from the sleeve of his donkey coat weren't attracting attention. But they would. People expected to see a hand there, their minds filled in the blank automatically. It increased their horror when they DID realize John's hand was NOT there. John was waiting for someone to notice. The suspense was unbearable.
^^^ Tomorrow’s Saturday... if you aren’t already booked, the Spotted Pony at 17:00? ^^^
It was now 3:37 a.m. four days after their meeting in Speedy's.
“We had a mutual China, didn’t we, luv.” Seb said, a strange glint in his chilly gaze. I mentally translated ‘China.’ China plate = mate.
^^^Sherlock, What’s going on? Why don’t you want me with you?^^^
Or it was possible that John had headed directly to Mariah’s flat to rekindle their passion. He still got the odd text from her...
Sherlock didn’t hesitate, he had his wallet out and was pressing his cash card into John’s hands. “You’ll be safe?” He asked.
“Assuming he’s our sniper – I’m not saying he is – why would he show you the gun? Maybe it’s not the one he used to kill Luther Jones.”
“I’m worried about Seb.” She told me. “We were supposed to have dinner last Friday and he didn’t show up. He didn’t even text. He’s not answering his mobile at all. I went by his flat, but no one answered and the mail is all piled up. I asked Cam and some of our other friends – no one has heard from him for almost two weeks! Have you, John? Has he texted or have you talked to him?”
Sherlock pushed my door open and stood in the frame. "I, erm, made dinner." He said. "If you're hungry."
"I'm so happy right now." I told him. "This is all I've wanted for so long."
“It’s him!”
“Simon Fraser was on the mend!” Sherlock protested.
Colonel Sebastian Moran came in. He shut the door, but then just stood still and examined Sherlock. Sherlock examined him in return. Today he wore a caramel colored suit with a subtle purple check that muted the bright golds to an acceptable level. His shirt was aubergine, as was his pocket square. He didn’t wear a tie. His shoes were the bright orange handmade wingtips, his watch flashy gold affair. He wore a diamond ring, the thick platinum band looked almost delicate on his masculine hand. Sherlock saw a vain man who wore his 45 years well, a disciplined man who worked out compulsively and trained with his rifle obsessively. A killer – he took no special pleasure in killing but had no remorse either, just the sense of accomplishment that accompanies a job well done. Intelligent, organized, precise, but with a ravenous hunger for ‘the good life’ – beautiful things, a stately mansion in London, bespoke clothing, fine wine and liquor. Achieving these things was important. Having them was hollow. Moran would never understand why the things he wanted so much didn’t make him happy.
“There’d been death threats – you expect it in that line of work. And there’d even been attempts to kill him... some more creative than others.“
“It doesn’t say that…”
A thought appeared, fully-formed in my brain: it’s not five villains trying to kill me, but it will do.
Ducking under the police tape, Sherlock was elated to have John at his elbow, a silent support, a guardian and helpmeet. Sherlock needed to concentrate on the work and John’s stolid presence – in their link and in the flesh – was perfect. He felt focussed and sharp.
“Why did you kill him?”
I thought better of it. I was 41, not 21. I was too responsible to fuck anyone without a condom. I respected him – all partners – too much to use them so selfishly. And I knew if I went upstairs for a condom, I’d be distracted by the time and having to get ready for work. No, some morning I’d fuck Sherlock over the bog sink – after work I would supply the medicine cabinet with lube and rubbers – but not today.
“I didn’t care. John never chose any of them over me.” Sherlock took a breath, he hated true confessions – especially in front of John’s increasingly uncomfortable boyfriend - he could hear Shane shuffling. “I didn’t expect that he’d fall in love with another man... Angus, the worst has already happened – John replaced me... easily, it seems... I have nothing to give him that he doesn’t already have with Shane. Shane... he has more to give than I..." Sherlock faltered, feeling the truth of his words. "And what I’ve cost him... the months he spent mourning ....he lost his hand because of his association with me. And he could have easily lost his life... “
“Please tell me you haven’t gotten involved in the drugs trade, Sherlock.”
Finally the car stopped. “Don’t take the mask off.” Mycroft said. “Hector will lead you.”
He touched Sherlock's hand, then batted at it restlessly. "Angus said something about you and a dead man?"
I chuckled. “I hope it lives up to the fantasy.”
Was the sniper still out there? Was he watching me? Could he see me right now in the crosshairs of his rifle’s scope?
“And Tamara Krazinsky?” Sherlock asked, forcing his attention back to the murderous nurse. “Was she depressed too?”
"Obviously. But no one but you know that. I've been very discreet."
"G thinks Ani is naïve."
Dad once called her the perfect Omega.
“I’ve spoken to him, made sure he understood it wasn’t your fault.”
I was high on sex. High on John, the heady scent of his lust, the feel of his cock stretching my mouth, the taste of his semen...
He hid his face in my shoulder. I wrapped my arms around him... it was a moment before I felt him shaking.
“And Lestrade won’t accept protection.” Of course he wouldn’t – not only was he a copper, as an Omega, he had something to prove, if only to himself and the two people who knew his secret. “Oh!” Sherlock saw it clearly now. “You didn’t tell him, you just did it, assigned a security detail to follow him.”
Then John saw what was on the other side of the wall – another bloody, clamouring mob of frenzied Alphas. The Omega was trapped up here – and now so was John. Soon enough another Alpha would work out a way to gain the top of the wall and then another…
We sprinted across the garden, John leading, still holding my hand. Adrenaline had conquered my weakness and I kept up easily.
I needed him.
“No, I’m not.” I insisted, taking his hand and bringing it to my lips. “And for once you’re going to let me tell you how lovely you are.”
“John... that was barbaric.”
"Sherlock, even if I could work out how to do it with the bloody 'hook thing,' you can barely stand – I'm sure you have a concussion. You need to be stitched up and checked out in A&E. Come into the bedroom and get dressed. I'm taking you to hospital!"
