Jody and the girls come to visit and Claire wants to stay, become Woman of Letters and use the bunker as a jump off point. Dean feels older than ever with her there, remembering when he was that eager to be fighting the good fight. He’s glad to see she’s doing well with it though, and is kind of glad he doesn’t have to throw out his back digging up as many graves anymore. He can leave that to the kids. Claire and Cas grow closer and understand each other. When she walks in on them doing some heavy petting one morning while Dean was ‘cooking breakfast,’ after she stops laughing at their red faces, she makes sure to let them know she called this from the start.
“Cas we could’ve. shit figured something else out! You didn’t have to—” He stops before he works himself up even more, looking down at his boots. It’s still raw and he’s still reeling from everything that’s happened in the last week. He’s not even sure they should be having this conversation right now, but fuck, he’s just so happy Cas is actually back. He’s gotta know.
*****one choice could be Jack tries to make sure to needle out of Dean how to make this win perfect:
“Dinner’s ready!” A voice calls out. Dean comes around the corner with a silly apron on, something he always insisted that was gifted to him sometime or another and he didnt want to hurt the feelings of whoever got it for him so thats why he wore it. It makes Cas smile. Dean looks younger than the day he died. They were both old at that point, but this Dean is his soul. Eternally young, eternally beautiful. Cas is sure he must look younger than he did before too, because Dean smiles warmly at him.
He looks down and takes a deep breath. Then he sees their hands intwined. He didn’t even realize he’d done it. But Cas didn’t pull away. He’s been silent this whole time, fingers carefully twined with his, barely even breathing clearly when Dean’s eyes travel back up. He meets Cas’ eyes, and theyre so full of... could that be hope? God he hopes he gets to have this. It gives him a little strength to keep going.
They house search and find a beautiful farm house not too far from the bunker. Cas loves the chickens, Dean does not. But he gets to live out some pretty wild cowboy dreams when he finds out theres horses they take care of too. Cas gets his bee boxes, and plants EVERYWHERE damnit cas in the bathroom too?
He holds out two fingers on each hand to Sam and Dean’s foreheads. Blips them back to the bunker. Dean turns once to make sure Sam’s with him and breaths out in a rush when he sees him still next to Baby.
He was so caught up in this whole ‘Cass might be in love with Dean’ extravaganza, that he’d completely neglected the research.
That room is out of the question. Staying in the kitchen is just asking for trouble. He doesn’t want to leave… what if Dean took that as him not wanting to stay?
They tumble into the back seat with a tangle of limbs and poking of elbows. Castiel never did get over how awkward this form could be.
“What? Dying?” snarkiness seeps into Dean’s voice, and he knows that he should be supportive, calm but –
That has a nice ring to it. As soon as Cass makes a decision, Dean will be happy to bring that up. They still haven’t thought about the bubble. Are they still going to keep their relationship under wraps and seclude it to the darkest areas of the bunker?
When his eyes open, they’re filled with fire. He swoops down, capturing Castiel’s lips in a deep kiss.
It’s the way his head ducks ever so slightly, as though he really believes this – the way he seems so ashamed of wanting something – that breaks Dean. His voice is thick next, coated in his good intentions and unintentional slip-ups, “Cass the bunker is as much your home as it is mine. You deserve to have things too. To want.”
“A deal i-i-is a d-deal.” He mutters. Chuck screams then before dissolving into another bout of laughter.
Dean lets go, feeling the pleasure creep up his spine and release into Cass’ hand. He keeps stroking him through it and Dean cries out, incoherently. He comes back down slowly and watches, entrances as Cass licks some of his come off his hand. It’s easily the hottest thing he’s ever seen.
A loud screech and Dean cursing has him jolting into action. He sees Cass running towards him with a gigantic box of Legos and Dean chasing after him.
Dean rolls his eyes as though Sam is over-reacting. “Hide and seek.” He says simply and continues on his path.
“You said it, Cass!” Dean says waving his hands wildly. “One book. One book for each of us. Sam’s is ‘God knows where.’” Dean chuckles wryly at his own quip. “And yours and mine? What do you think? We just
“Wait.” His hand shoots out, latching onto his arm. “You don’t exist just to follow orders. You’re our friend.”
The tremble in Cass’ voice reminds him that to Cass… their fight was just minutes ago, and not weeks.
Dean is perfectly naked now, his bare ass touching the sheets. His skin is a sea of tiny goose bumps and Cass, of course, is still fully clothed.
“Because of that book,” Dean says. “As long as he has it, he can’t be allowed to leave. I don’t think he wants to leave anyway.”
“I missed you too Dean.” A comfortable silence settles between them. “Did – did you know … you lasted longer than any of us ever would.”
“He’s not leaving you.” Sam assures, “Dean adores you but he just… wanted you to spend some time with me. I thought we could read. Well, that I’d read to you.”
Castiel feels himself tense. This isn’t Dean asking him to leave is it? His face has almost the same expression as it did the last time. Castiel thought he could stick around… make a life with the brothers and Jack.
Dean squeezes the top of him slightly, swiping his thumb back and forth over the slit. Pleasure buzzes through him, and he thrusts his hips, trying to get closer, trying to get more friction. Dean lowers another hand, lightly massaging his ball sack while stroking a bit faster, twisting maddeningly when he gets to the top.
Dean tenses. This is getting dangerously close to the truth. Does Sam know what they’ve been doing? The whole Baby is a bubble thing? He’s positive that Cass hadn’t let it out, so how?
Castiel fights a smile as this world’s Dean seats Dean on his bed and traces his face with his hands, comparing it to his own. Castiel can tell that they’re exactly the same. The only difference is the hair. Dean’s is longer, almost reaching his shoulders and pulled back in a ‘man-bun.’ Oh, and the tattoo, of course. Castiel can make out the ink on Dean’s hand, but the words are too small to see. Despite the similarities, alternate Dean seems fascinated with the real Dean, in that he can’t take his eyes off of him.
Sam rolls his eyes. “You two have been getting along so well lately. It’s nice to see. Maybe reconnecting with him is what’s making you happy.”
Dean runs a hand through his hair, hoping that the water droplets trailing down his face will camouflage his tears. He doesn’t deserve to cry. Dee deserves to cry. He hurt him.
Dean leans against the stove, frying eggs and talking non-stop to Cass about some cow-boy movie he thinks they should watch. Cass just stands there sullenly, nodding at intervals. Sam can see the smile slipping off Dean’s face, but he doesn’t let up, seemingly determined to make the angel talk. Mom sits on the far end of the table, her elbows propped on it with a mug of coffee staring intently at them both.
“But if we both feel this way…” Cass lets the statement hang but the hopefulness in his voice is hard to miss.
When he gets out of the Impala he can feel his legs tremble. Dean had been all but dead. A few more seconds and he would have bled out or the shock would have killed him. Bringing him back from the brink had severely sapped Castiel’s powers.
be love. To say the words out loud though? That’s an entirely different story. That makes it real. That makes it possible for Dean to reject him.
The plan is coming back to him slowly but it doesn’t match up with what actually occurred. While Rowena held Lucifer with a spell, Gabriel was supposed come in from behind. Lucifer’s death would come soon after. Yes, they would use magic, but not the kind of magic he just witnessed.
Curiosity and fear war within him. Dean’s eyes are begging him to open the compartment but the tension that fills the car has him shaking.
Relief shows on Cass face. “I like it when you fall asleep… I get to watch over you all night. I enjoy being with you, knowing that I’ve tasted your lips and that you trust me enough to do this with me. Despite your… inexperience with men, that you’re so eager to do this with me. I love touching you. Watching you moan and whimper and knowing that
Sam nods. “It’s a recent thing, but it’s something we both enjoy doing together.” Dean feels a little jealous. But Sam is right, there are just certain people you want for certain things. “So you understand? I wasn’t mad, or sad, or feeling left out. I just realised that the two of you needed some time to do the things Dean and Cass enjoy doing together.”
“What do you mean?” he says, gunning the engine and pulling out at breakneck speed. For once, Dean remembers to put on his seatbelt. Crowley pulls sharply past three lanes of on coming traffic at a red light and Dean feels his life flashing before his eyes.
“That section is reserved for the advanced class.” He blurts just as Cass’ hand is hovering over his dick.
As the gears creak to a stop at the top of the wheel, Dean shuts his eyes and clamps his hand over Cass’.
knows about this too. What the actual hell? Cass knows, but Dean doesn’t know that he knows. And Dean knows, but Cass doesn’t know that he knows. And Sam knows, but neither of them knows that he knows. He just wants to smash that pearl now, more than ever. But first, he has to find out why Dean hasn’t done it yet. He doesn’t want to risk exacerbating his condition needlessly.
They haven’t discussed that yet either… labels. Cass isn’t really a boy, so he’s not sure if Cass would prefer the term ‘partner.’ Maybe he’d like ‘being each other’s Huckleberry.’
Nimbly, Asmodeus plucks the vial from his grasp and swallows in one gulp. “Mmh. De-licious. Too bad though, not even this sweet nectar is enough to make me stand against Lucifer.”
As the silence stretches on he thinks that his curiosity has once more gotten the better of him and nipped any further conversation in the bud.
Adam considers his question for a moment before nodding slowly. “Just for an hour or two. I need a break. A drink.”
He needs to do some digging. Could Sam have found him that first night? He’d found Dean’s sheets rather easily, and finding an angel who doesn’t sweat, pee or poop laundering his sheets and underpants must have run a few alarm bells for his baby brother.
Castiel brushes his arms past his sleeve. This is his worst nightmare. Dean is leaving. And he’s not leaving out of anger or stubbornness… he’s leaving because he found someone he can love better than them. Than Castiel.
But with Dean’s offer it seems as though it’s all or nothing. Either Castiel lies and Dean doesn’t explore his feelings or he tells Dean the truth: that he’s been in love with him for almost a decade and see how Dean handles that.
Dean shoves Crowley away and slaps a hand onto his neck, trying and failing to ebb the flow of blood.
Sam walks away then, his mind burdened with all the new information and it drives him to do something awful… something he promised himself he’d never do…
, just like the siren had before he kissed him. The problem is he finds himself drawing closer, moving in for a kiss because that’s what he had gotten accustomed to, what he still craved.
“Is that something for the case?” Dean practically springs out of his skin as the angel’s voice booms behind him.
Dean is halfway into pouring his glass of milk when the hairs on the back of his neck raise. He tries to tell himself that it’s just Sam or Mom, sneaking around. But he’s never felt this way when Sam tries sneaking up on him.
“Funny story.” Dean says in a voice is expresses anything but humour, “I went looking for him and that night I found you instead.”
Sam’s omelet was specially tailored to his usual diet. Lots of fruits and veggies tossed in. Dean’s on the other hand, was supposed to be filled with bacon, cheese, and onions… maybe some mushrooms.
He pulls away from Dean, stricken, and glances back at the grave, a fresh set of tears spilling from his eyes.
Dean feels a flush creep up his neck, knowing that Cass will know exactly what he’s going to be doing. Exactly what movements his hands would make as he gets closer to the edge.
Cass nods. “We have to be quick. Who knows how soon he’ll find us again. Worse yet, if he finds Michael, he’ll know that something is wrong.”
As Cass makes his way into the room, Dean wonders whether he should ask him about his and Sam’s little tete-a-tete.
He gets stares still, him and Sammy always did, from the other hunters who are new to the bunker. Did these two really defeat God? The two guys who saved the freakin world, some hunters still say in awe and before they were sure how to talk to him and Sammy, seeing them too much as legends. But its been years. People see this bunker as their home now. Dean can walk through and get a beer and no one acknowledges him in the crowds besides a nod from those he’s friends with. It’s not necessarily his at all anymore. There are more randos than friends here anymore. A lot of the older crowd started retiring when they saw this place like it was, and got out of here, getting their own places with, fuck, more windows. Maybe Eileen was right. Maybe Dean could take a page from their book.
Dean snorted. Whoever thought an angel of the lord would develop sarcasm. Another reason he was falling. Developing human humor, not a good sign. He took a sip of his spiked coffee.
Dean feels his heart thudding. Cas looks back into his eyes, a small tilt of his lips as he sees Dean. He looks uncomfortable but happy at the same time, like he’s not sure he should be there. He’s wringing his hands a bit and then forces them to his sides.
Down the road, Dean gets cancer. They’re old enough that Dean never thought he would get this far or to worry about this shit, but his life has been perfect. Cas whispers to him one night in their bed that still has some mojo left and says he can try to cure it, but Dean can’t get himself to ask. Wants to have the full life experience, the human experience. Cas ends up using it to take some of the pain while he goes through it instead. He still is at the bar everyday he can. He still helps take care of those damn chickens, and helps Cas set up his honey stand at the farmer’s market in the summers.
Cas sighs and steels himself. Dean’s heart rate stays high. “Dean, know that I never would have said anything if I hadn’t been the only way.”
“Cas-I do-I gotta, fuck” Before he can overthink it, Dean makes the decision. He brings his free right hand up to cradle Cas’ cheek, stubble roughing against his calloused palms, and gives himself one last look in Cas’ eyes in a silent plea, a silent ask to let him do this, he’s asking him silently goddamnit to Please—a last chance to push him away before he makes a mistake, but he doesnt get anything except for Cas slightly parts his mouth in surprise and thats all Dean needs, he drops his mouth to his.
“How’re ya Dean? Sam? Good to see ya” Ellen says behind the bar when they sit down. Sam sits next to Mary with a smile, then Dean then Cas who orders for them. Happy chatting, drinks had, everyone is happy. *Pan back away from them to outside the Roadhouse. Its dusk and the lights from the bar warm the outside area. A figure stands just outside, a slightly older looking Jack (but really, has he aged a day?) looking into the window. He smiles for them. Then he turns and walks off, into the darkness. His job (for them) is done.
“Uh, sorry, I mean,” Sam stuttered, rubbing a hand through his hair. “I’ve just never seen them before.”
Jack smiles softly. Something about him is more etheral, beyond their reach, than he’s ever been, but he’s still the kid that has been dogging their steps for years now. “Dean. Sam. Thank you. For everything. You helped me see the world, the world that was worth saving. I love you both.”
“Sam?” Eileen says imploringly. He splits into a grin and sprints down the stairs to cradle her face and bring her into a gentle kiss, only pulling back a bit to laugh in disbelief.
Him and Cas’ room is still cozy. All their shit, their shared bed. But is this really home anymore? If Sammy can choose to have what he’s always wanted, why can’t he? He’s been pretty about it so far.
They’re kissing. Dean’s heart races, stepping impossibly closer to Cas, tightening his fingers into Cas’ hair and tugging him even closer when Cas doesn’t immediately reject him. Cas’ breath hitches and he stiffens for a quick second, enough to make Dean’s heart skip in fear, and then he fucking melts. He turns his head to deepen the kiss, chapped lips sliding softly but surely against Dean’s own. He’s trembling, or maybe that’s just Dean, they’re both in shock that they get to have this. That this is actually happening. Cas lets go of Deans hand to slide it around his back, pulling him in and Dean slides his other to Cas’ face.
Thankfully, Crowley saves him from answering: “I’m here for tea and cakes. Dean and I are besties, am I right?”
Dean considers himself a connoisseur of desire. Yet he can’t read heads or tails on Cass’ feelings. Maybe it’s because he was never looking, never considered him like that.  But now that his eyes are opened, he’s having a hard time going back to being oblivious. He remembers how sure he was back in the ineffable world – where angels and demons have car-sex – that Cass was in love with him. He saw the evidence that he refused to see all the while and things clicked into place.
Like the way he seems to avoid beer like the plague, instead choosing the comfort of wine. He lets the Impala degrade, so much so that Sam had grown concerned. And in addition to treating everyone like strangers, Castiel had spotted him in his room on more than one occasion…
“How?” Dean demands. “Michael fucked off to La La Land and we aer defenceless and trapped in his wretched place.”
Bobbing for apples had been a favourite. And he was pretty good at it too. It’s starting to get dark when Dean realises their entire purpose of coming here hadn’t even been fulfilled. They hadn’t bought anything substantial … that means no receipts.
Stopping the car, Dean gets out and grabs his things from the back while Castiel wonders how he can get some alone time with the bag.
Dean is about two steps behind him before he stops himself. Why should he chase after Cass when he clearly doesn’t want to talk to him? He’s never considered himself the kind of friend who was overly involved. If Cass doesn’t want to talk to him, then whatever.
Seeing Cass just lying here had dunked his happiness in cold water. Now his body is trembling from the shock and the cold.
Mind racing, he tries to punch in his password… which does not work out well. Frustrated, he tries again, thankfully getting it right. He has to hurry. Cass will be back any minute now. Shakily, he lets out a breath and stares at the empty search bar.
Their plan is shaky, it depends on a number of things going exactly their way. Everyone knows their parts but things never go according to plan. That’s what he’s worried about. Within a structure, he can tell if something is going to go wrong and get Sam and Dean out before that. But this is chaos. He knows that the Winchesters can protect themselves, but this is an enemy who has a personal vendetta against them.
“I barely used it,” Castiel argues. Using it at all will forever remain his greatest failing, it leaves doubt in his mind as to whether Dean is really with him for him. But surely one or two tricks wouldn’t have been enough.
“Well…” Sam says carefully, “I wouldn’t exactly call it that. He’s still here. I mean – I couldn’t just cast him out in the cold. He was almost in worse condition than you. Jack is with him in his room.”
At dinner, they all stare at the table quietly… well Dean and Cass do. Sam spends most of his time looking between them searchingly.
“What you did… was incredibly selfish and I think that Dean needs some time without you before he can even think about seeing you again. In his mind you guys were together twenty-four seven, three six five.”
Unconsciously, her eyes flit over to Castiel. It’s just for a second, but Dean picks it up right away. “Friggin’ hell Cass!” he punches the immovable angel. Dean lowers his voice but Mary can still hear just enough, “I’m full frontal in there Cass, and you gave it to my
The first time he ever got to see an angel in the throes of passion. Sure, there’d been Anna, but she’s wasn’t all angel at the time. Honestly, he half-believed it when Cass said that angels aren’t made to have pleasure. He never felt so… uncomfortable about being right.
“Usually, the bottom is stroked to hardness. But since I’m already adequately erect you can lube your finger and touch my hole.”
“My deal.” Cass’ voice is laced with defeat. Dean doesn’t have the mental fortitude to even act surprised. Cass turns to look at Dean, his expression pained. “To save Jack… I made a deal. He said he’d come for me when I allowed myself to be happy.”
Sam hadn’t understood the grin that spread across his face, but that’s okay. Sam probably think’s he’s odd anyway.
A self-satisfied expression manifests on Crowley’s face. “You know… I think I can weasel my way in like that. How do you feel about having a threesome, Cassie?”
“It’s not that easy Jack.” He confides, “There’s things to consider. Human emotions first and foremost.” He sighs. And Dean’s emotions are more delicate than the average human’s. It takes less to set him off and more to reel him back in.
left him after promising not to. “You left me for your new angel crush like I was a bag of garbage.”
“Okay!” Dean announces, slamming the pan down, “See you round Crowley, tell Sam I’ll check in later.”
“Remember.” Coaches Dean, “You make an excuse to use the bathroom and search the place. Look for anything our ghost might be attached to.”
“It is clearly bent on killing Sams and Deans.” Dean observes around a mouthful of burger. “Sam and I should hang around at the fountain and see what pops up.”
“We’re different, Dean. I have no gag reflex.” Dean tries to protest him but Cass shushes him. “No. What you were doing before was perfect.”
Black. Everything is black, it’s a shiny black and he can feel it sticking to the soles of his shoes, trying to swallow him up like ditch filled with quick sand.
“You don’t know that” is Dean’s rebuttal. “Tomorrow, you could go with me to get groceries and fall in love with the cashier!”
If he says this, it can never be taken back. It’s a part of him that once he gives to Dean, he knows that he will never get back, ever. Not if they break up, or grow apart or fall out of love.
“I hope you realize that…” Castiel steels himself. This is his one chance to be honest with Dean and get his honest opinion in return. “… when I let the shifter cajole me into bed, I sincerely thought it was you.”
Maybe Dean had heard the end of his story… maybe he hadn’t. One day he would though, Castiel would ensure that Dean got to hear
Okay. Dean mentally psyches himself up. The time for talking is over the time for doing is upon him. He threads a hand into Cass’ hair and cups his cheek with the other before licking his lips and leaning in. Where Cass lets his eyes slip shut, Dean keeps his half-lidded, curiously watching. It’s as nice as it was the first time, maybe even nicer now that they aren’t rushing.
He struggles harder against Dean but to no avail. He doesn’t want to risk hurting Cass either… angel powers or not.
Castiel perches on his bed, head in his hands as he glares down at the book. To read it or not to read it… he really isn’t sure if he even has a chance. All he'd accomplished so far was embarrassing both himself and Dean.
Pressure rising, Dean feels the tension return to his shoulders. . “What do I think?” he demands, “I think that Cass is my best friend. We’d do almost anything for each other and if I need to do something that makes my skin crawl to make him happy and at home here then I’ll just suck it up.”
The few seconds that he spends away from Dean to steal a bottle of lube from the Lebanon pharmacy leaves him ravenous. He enters Dean’s room with a whoosh and immediately crashes their lips together, taking control of their kiss.
“You know it isn’t that Dean. Sam told me.” it’s not judgemental, though it does sound pitiful and dejected. At least Dean came to see him off. His eyes roam over his visage, taking note of every ripple his soul makes. He doesn’t need time to memorise it, he’d practically remade him; he already has it imprinted onto his very grace. The mountains could crumble and the sun could implode but Castiel would remember Dean Winchester’s soul.
With that he vanishes, hoping to find some kinship with the older Winchester… maybe freak him about his brother snogging a witch.
“I know. I know. I said I’d never leave you.” Dean scrubs a hand across his face, “But to save you… I have to.”
Dean makes a noise of supreme exasperation before suspicion crawls into his gaze, which is focused mostly on Cass. “The only way you
Dean huffs, not amused, “I’m serious. Look… last night… I woke up after putting Cass to sleep and he was just sitting there, wide awake and friggin’ staring at me man. Like one of those horror movie kids who just…” he makes an eating motion with his hands. “Anyway… I’ve got some things that need takin’ care of. And I can’t do… those things… if I got a little munchkin banging down the door.”
“My own kind hates me.” Cass says quietly. “This one angel doesn’t. I felt a sense of camaraderie with him. But don’t you think for a second, that I’d ever choose him over you.”
Castiel never realised how specific human books could be. To find a lore book on the righteous man… in a gas station was almost absurd.
“Your turn.” He says, offering him the bottle of honey. Castiel take it uncertainly. Dean gestures to his face.
“Dean. Sam is calling. Don’t hang up, I just need one second.” he rushes not wanting to stop this line of questioning.  But what if Sam needs his help.
Castiel smiles gently, setting the pie on the counter to cool. “I have no doubt you will.” They hold each other’s eyes for a minute, then Castiel waves him over. “Come help me set the table Dean.”
****Version 2: Dean pulls him into a hug. Tightly. Turns his face into his neck. Cas stiffens at first, like he didn’t think Dean would come that close to him after that. Cue Dean pulling back with the biggest smile on his face.
Dean starts softly, “It’s good to have you back man. I hoped Jack would-I mean, you heard Sam. Kid did good.”
Dean and Sammy have a talk before he packs up. They’ve set up their legacy with hunting, here. Hunters safely fighting the good fight, having each others backs now that the Men of Letters has become this hub. It’s a different game now, than the one they were in. Less hunter deaths with the knowldge they learn here. They did good. Its time to move on. Really, actually have a life.
“Yeah I dunno kid. Me and Sammy are gonna go celebrate maybe. Booze, maybe some tv, the whole thing. Maybe after a fat nap. Actually scratch that, I’m sleeping for 16 hours straight when we get back.”
Sam coughs when he sees Dean looking at Cas and excuses him and Eileen. He can see how close him and Cas are standing and he does Not need to be here for whatever happens next.
*kissing again, Dean’s so happy, this is what true happiness feels like and he gets to have it!!!! cue them going to canoodle*
Dean dies on a Thursday. Sam and Cas invite everyone to come for the funeral. Its a huge celebration of life.
Jack tilts his head a bit. His chest hurts. It reminds him of Cas. The family he’s lost. Thelife he couldve lead. His future tilts out in front of him forever, for all he’s excited and elated for the future they just opened up for themselves, part of him holds onto the truth that it’ll be lonely and bittersweet. They’ve lost so much. He should be greatful. They just defeated GOD, he’s got Sammy, hes got Baby, theres kids running around in the street goddamnit. It’s a win. The Win. A big one. The last one. But it’s not all right. And for once, he wants to be selfish. He doesn’t want to keep being daddy’d blunt little instrument, stuck in a constant cycle of hunting and killing with no reward. They didnt kill God. They defeated him more soundly than in death, without more suffering.
He sighs. Might as well continue with the truth if that’s what Dean wants to hear. “I have no illusions that it was somethjng you wanted to hear.”
“Hey Jack, you uh. bring everyone back? Everyone God poofed when he Thanos snapped? Everything’s back in order?”
With more and more hunters finding out that there’s an opening to come live at a fully warded bunker, with lore books galore, and great water pressure as Dean says, the bunker starts to actually serve as a Men of Letters hub. It serves as a wayward home for so many. Dean’s pretty proud of that. It was too big to just belong to just Dean and Sam anyways.
“Whatever, I’m gonna take a shower, jerk,” The younger Winchester grabbed his clothes and stomped his way into the bathroom.
Sam grinned and slid out of bed to get a closer look. Dean huffed at seeing his little brother in just his skivvies, in front of an angel of the lord no less, but Sam didn’t seem to notice.
Dean never truely gives up hunting, but he finds it’s more fun the times he gets back when he can strip Cas down for a steamy shower after digging up graves than coming back to an empty, cold bunker ever did.
He can’t ask for what makes him happy. He doesn’t know really anymore. All he’s known is pushing people away so they dont get too close and he gets them killed. But now? With God gone? He can make his own path now. There’s no more big bad. They defeated the biggest and baddest. They’ve got friends in the high places in Hell. They’ve got Jack now to keep Heaven in line. It’s hard to imagine going to salt and burn a grave right now when you’re the one who help save the entire world, scratch that world’s plural. He feels a little like Tony Stark right now.
Shows Dean with a shocked smile, that Jack really is God, that he fixed all this, that they did it: “You did good kid. We’re proud of you.” He shifts, overcome with emotion of finally, FINALLY, being done with all this. And he needs to let Jack know he matters, that he’s family, in the way he has struggled to in the past. He takes a small step forward, not sure if he should touch the God in front of him, but needing to get his attention.
***Version 1: Dean just grabs him and kisses him. Sam’s mouth has got to have dropped behind them, but Dean doesn’t give a shit. No shit, Dean didnt fucking tell him anything other than that Cas died for them and seemed fucked up about it more than usual. Kinda out of the blue, that Dean would actually act on his feelings, but Sam’s seen this coming a mile away. He smiles at them and he just shifts Eileen to go with him to his room, arm around her, to leave them some space.
“Dean I... It was the only way. There was no getting out of there with Billie knocking down the door like that.”
Dean always knew Sammy wanted to white picket fence life. Wife two kids and a dog and now he’s gonna get it. He’s sad at first, but he knows its the right thing. Sammy won’t be going far.
Cas turns red. And he brought up something Dean didn’t even wanna talk about. Maybe that means Dean’ll just ignore it. Then he could stay here still, even if it’s not in the way he truly wants. He’s grateful to even be back at all.
Crowley’s mirth evaporates, and he points at Castiel warningly. “If we’re doing this, it’s going to be done entirely my way. You have no leverage here. You’re my bitch.”
Swallowing, Dean reminds himself not to be such a drama queen. Cass is probably lying down in the back seat. Sometimes being horizontal helps with thinking. Dean knows that well enough.
Cass shifts slightly. “Well, I remembered out deal. We were supposed to work out the specifics but you were tired.”
feel something for him. He’d basically be forcing Cass to confess and he doesn’t feel like doing that to his friend.
Something occurs to him quite suddenly then. Something that before this moment, he’d completely forgotten.
Castiel knew, but he had feared so much worse. That Dean had sold his soul or something equally horrendous. This… is still bad, but nowhere near as catastrophic as it could have been.
Dean was screaming. In the Impala. He’s sure of it. He heard the screams. And the siren… it was so determined to keep him away from the radio. It’s desire to destroy the Impala. It’s the only explanation. He ponders. For minutes, he remains still, trying to sort out the interactions and relive each memory – examining it under a new light.
At the bunker, Dean and Cass play Legos and stuffed toys before heading to bed. Sam watches their every move critically and continues watching on the baby monitor while Dean tells Cass to wait on his bed while he heads in the shower.
Dean scoffs. He isn’t about to let that just stand. “And you did anything different?” he demands. “You and the angel of all angels disappeared so suddenly  you gave me whiplash.”
The tension is thick between them. He can feel Dean’s indecision and his fear, it calls to him like his Dean’s had.
“Only if you throw the rest out after two bites,” Cass says with air quotes before grabbing Dean’s free hand and dragging him inside.
bacon, he insisted on a field trip to the kitchen to stock up on more snacks. Sam even lets himself indulge a little. It isn’t often he and Dean get to hang out alone.
Castiel laughs loudly as his feet cross on his way out of the tea cup. “This really is an innovative ride.”
He feels like he’s found a kindred spirit. Someone he can relate to on a base level. Someone with energy to distract him from the fact that Dean doesn’t love him and had felt the need to point it out, point blank.
Having a warm body next to his without needing to be on constant alert in case he picked up with a creature who wanted to murder him is
Dean, he reminds himself, Dean likes pie, Dean likes rock, Dean loves the Impala and Dean hates Castiel.
Ever since his miraculous return Cass barely says two words to him. And that’s on a good day. Mostly, he stays holed up in his room, drinking and watching Netflix. He doesn’t care that Chuck is gone or that there’s still work left to do in the world. A job hunting werewolves? Cass refused to even pick up a silver blade. It’s like he really left.
Tears fill Dean’s eyes and Cass fights the instinct to reach out. Dean is determined to get through this speech and be won’t be able to if Castiel is all over him. He swipes frantically at his eyes and his hand reaches down to finger his knee. It’s strangely reminiscent of his panic attack in the bathroom.
“We’re making some progress with finding your grace he says as they head to the kitchen. He sees Dean perk up, abandoning the potatoes for the salad which makes it easier for him to hear them.
Anathema must have gotten something wrong in all the rush. This isn’t their world. Or at least he hopes it isn’t. That would mean that Chuck messed Sam up so much that he can’t even recognise his own family.
Dear God, the noises will kill him. Moans mixed in with little hums of appreciation drive him crazy.
Cass tiptoes to press a kiss to his cheek before sighing and marching out the door before Dean can even get a word out. As much as Dean wants to chase after him and make sure that things between them are good, he listens to his brain this time and lets Cass have some time to process.
Another sound Castiel will never tire of hearing. His eyes are crinkled as he grins up at Castiel. Castiel startles as he feels Dean’s fingers wrap around his own erection, taking the lazy approach and stroking him gently, letting the pleasure build up.
Sam rolls his eyes but reads the passage aloud. “The Pearl, can make any wish a reality … unless it interferes with cosmic entities such as Archangels, Amara… among others.”
Finding purchase on his shoulders Cass continues rutting against him, his hands tracing his dick through the sweats. Between the pleasure and the fogginess of sleep, Dean isn’t really sure what to do. If anything at all. He’d be content like this.
to stand here and play ‘Guess Who’ with Dean. He doesn’t want to picture the man he’s in love with someone else. He doesn’t want to have to… but he has no other choice. If he leaves now, Dean will know, and he’ll lose Dean’s friendship permanently.
“I’m not.” He argues, feeling his face flush anyway. Cass grins at him, clearly preening now that he has the upper hand.
When the first sob breaks free he doesn’t care anymore. He doesn’t care that the shifter is laughing, moving – to kill him or to leave. Dean had trusted him – once again Dean had trusted him… and once again, he’d betrayed his trust; gotten him killed.
“That’s not true,” Cass interjects. He seems to sink into his chair at the accusation, looking hurt that Dean would even think that.
“But…” Jack seems almost distraught. “True love is supposed to fix everything. What about the fairy tales?” he demands. “What about Snow White and – and Rapunzel?”
He knows he should talk to Dean, encourage him to stop tormenting himself. But he won’t because all he can think about is that he won’t survive if Dean casts him aside after this. He gives Dean a sidelong glance. The hunter trembles and jerks with every movement, sweat covers his skin and his hooded gaze glances over Castiel’s body.
After breakfast he makes an excuse saying he wants to go for a walk and Dean offers no resistance other than he come back in time to make some pie. He snags a burner phone from Dean’s bag before he goes and tries to act as natural as possible despite the phone burning through his pocket.
He wishes that Dean would do this every day and not only when exhaustion drove him to. Because, he realises, this is what true intimacy feels like. Dean had felt vulnerable when he first came in here but he’d decided to share his doubts with Castiel and allow him to see him at his worst.
that caused Castiel to snap out of whatever trancelike state he’d been it. This time it doesn’t come. This is his Dean. He knows it. He’s so sure. But the doubt trickles in. Doubt in the form of painted bones.
Dean has loads of free time now anyway. With the whole The Darkness vs The Light crisis averted, his mom back, Sammy rescued from British psycho-bitch and Cass hanging around the bunker with them… well, there’s never been a more perfect time to try out some of the stuff in that book.
The only possible response to this is: “I love you as well, Dean. I won’t give up. You’re too important to me.”
“That’s not how it works.” She says, wrapping her arms around her shoulders and rocking them back and forth. “I know where I went wrong the first time. This has to be all you.”
Sam is once again worried about Dean. He hasn’t had any more seizures to date, but he’s seen just how suddenly they could happen. And Cass, though a toddler, is still very eloquent and Sam is concerned that he might say something to trigger Dean. He doesn’t want to tell Cass not to… because that’s just unfair to a child. And he doesn’t think he can handle Cass’ look of disappointment.
Instantly, their weapons are drawn and they’re on their feet. The only person who should be outside is Cass, but Michael might have suddenly decided he likes to destroy again. Either way, they need to get to Baby. She’s the quickest way out of here. Cass had already carted most of their resources into her trunk and backseats. They can just abandon the rest if push comes to shove.
Dean snorts, face twisting in rage that reminds him too much of the Mark. After a calming breath he manages to get words out, “So – so what? You think that the last few months I’ve just been buttering you up with movies and popcorn and your own friggin room just to kick you out? Hell Cass, I don’t know if you’ve even noticed but Sam is convinced you’ve moved in with me because I put a recliner for you in my room!”
In all the ruckus, he almost forgot the reason they ended up in that cursed room. Dean had invaded his privacy.
Conversely, the other man is decked off in complete black. He sits half off his chair, leaning towards the other man. His legs are crosses and he waves his wine glass about carelessly. What catches his eye though, are the sun glasses.
The angel smiles slightly. He’s well aware of how uncomfortable Dean is with emotions and how much just that simple ‘I care’ had taken him to say.
The last thing he hears as he fades into an endless sleep is the Shadow’s voice. “Welcome back, Castiel.”
Dean scrambles to his feet. “We need back up. Michael is whipping up a storm and I can barely control him.” His voice is frantic and Castiel feels himself shudder as Dean reveals the archangel blade. “We need Billie. The Empty. This is the only way I can contact them.”
Unable to contain himself any longer, Castiel lifts his head and laughs raucously, pointing a finger at Dean as he leans on the couch for support.
Dean would probably never see him as he does now, never entertain the thought of Castiel’s lips against his, but they would be friends. Dean would never want him to leave.
Dean glances at the door, staring a long moment before dipping one hand into the folds of the trench-coat. He fists something in his hands and presses the fist to his head. “Shit.” He holds the object between two fingers, his shoulders blocking Sam’s view once again.
However, he means what he said, about not pestering Dean. They’d all been through a lot. Some peace would do them good. That’s why Sam is passing this case right along, to another hunter.
Flopping onto his back, his eyes finally manage to focus. In his periphery he sees the flames - holy fire - encasing him, trapping him. Directly above him, Sam and Dean dangle, in a rickety, rusty, iron cage. With every movement they make, the thing twists violently, tossing them from side to side.
“That would be difficult to accomplish, given your size and that of my sphincter – and my mouth.” He observes.
His eyes pin Dean, filled with confusion, “The pizza-man, of course. His technique worked well with the babysitter.”
“I didn’t mean to shove you aside Adam.” He assures, and Michael sees some of the weight lift from Adam’s shoulders at the admission. “It’s – human beings are beautiful creatures, but they have strange customs. Castiel has been among you humans the longest of us all.”
“No! It – you – Jesus!” Dean hooks his ankles over Castiel and turns them so fast they almost tumble off the bed. He lays there in silence, trapped between the soft mattress and Dean’s chiselled abdomen. Castiel realises what Dean wants… what he’s trying to do.
Dean had insisted that Castiel try the water bed. Naturally, he’d asked for something to breathe with which made Dean burst out in boisterous laughter.
When Dean is mad, he sticks to his room. Holing up in there with as many supplies as he can. He doesn’t want to see anyone. He doesn’t want to leave. He usually drowns out the minuscule noise in the bunker with loud music or a Dr. Sexy marathon. What he doesn’t do is walk around every ten minutes.
“New info.” He repeats as Dean and Cass get in. “The initial report left out the fact that their hearts were ripped clean from their chests. To be thorough, we can check the register but it’s most likely someone in town.”
Something his brother doesn’t hear often enough. He’s sick and tired of everything telling Dean he isn’t intelligent. His brother is one of the smartest people he knows. He might be impulsive sometimes, but it’s always for the right reasons. To save someone. And what he’s most tired of, it Dean believing them.
In the back of his mind he knows, just as Dean knows, this is a one-time experience. They will never see the other writhing in pleasure again – at least not as long as there’s evil in the world. He knows Dean’s stance on relationships and hunting: that the two were meant to be mutually exclusive. So he would take what Dean gave willingly, and he wouldn’t ask for more than his share.
“First of all, Cass and I don’t stare. I look at him when I’m talking to him I do that with everyone. And Cass likes my clothes. Said so himself, so you can shove it Mr No-style. Thirdly… it’s lavender. It’s supposed to be calming and – uh, helps relieve stress.”
He really was a useless, insufferable burden that Dean was forced to bear, just like Amara had said… just as Lucifer had proven as his absence went unnoticed for weeks. Just look, he has successfully taken away all of Dean’s pleasures. Dean no longer leaves to have sex or drink. He waits here in the bunker, not wanting to leave Sam alone and waits patiently for Castiel to betray him. That thought alone makes him curl his shoulders, hunkering slightly in shame.
He tries distracting him with the car, the angel statue and even Dean’s slinky but to no avail. The screams that follow have Sam wanting to claw his eardrums out.
“Me and Cass want to stay here for a bit.” He admits, almost dreading Crowley’s reaction. He steps forward, eyeing Dean like a meal… not that it’s far off-base.
“You regret it then?” That’s why he hadn’t let Dean reciprocate. Castiel knew that if Dean paniced, that that would have made the situation ten times worse.
In a smooth motion his angel blade drops from his trench-coat down into his palm. Cass raises the blade right up to his neck. Pressing into the spot where his grace rests.. Dean’s hand shoots out in an instant, stilling Cass’ movements.
With Dean sandwiched between him and Sam, the three of them make their way to Dean’s bedroom and they rest Dean on his bed.
When Cass turns, his smile is bright and true. “May I have this dance, Mr Winchester?” he asks, extending his hand.
He stares down at his hands, thinking. His hand drifts down slowly, into the pocket of his pants and he retrieves the little book flipping it open and turning the pages unseeingly.
“Since when has my flirting bothered you?” he demands, his voice still sounds hoarse. “I don’t stop you when you feel like banging the sexy waitress.”
Castiel knew the exact date from the get go, but he couldn’t tell Dean. He spent the first few weeks following his return dreading the date, but he got so caught up in living that he simply forgot.
With his mouth still full of noodles Dean starts talking, “So the case is pretty simple. A haunting from the looks of it. College kid lives with best friend. Friend dies. Kid invites a new roommate and suddenly everything’s haywire. The lights flicker, the walls creak and some other crap.”
The next (normal length) chapter will be up in a day or two. Let me know how you think it's going and what will happen :)
Sam cracks the door open and peers inside, already taking note of the drastic changes. Where Dean's bed was always impeccably made, it not lies in disarray with extra pillows and blankets for Cass. Toys and puzzle pieces lay strewn on the bedside table and floor.
Sam frowns to himself, pausing at this paragraph. He’s well aware he’s wasting his time, and that Crowley is staring at him intently, probably counting down the seconds in his mind. Dean has a monopoly on giving nicknames; ‘Sammy,’ ‘Baby,’ ‘Cass.’ Sam doesn’t even want to think about the myriad of nicknames he’s created for random people on cases.
If this isn’t an opportunity to find out why Dean didn’t look for him, he doesn’t know what is. Maybe this will finally put an end to some of his suffering.
“We’ll need some furniture.” He announces as they approach the small town his cabin is near. He’d bought it years ago, when Sam had run off to Stanford. Never in all those years had he told a single soul about it. Not Sam, not his dad, not anyone. It had remained derelict for more than a decade. That cottage was meant to be his getaway. His normal. But he’d never found someone to share it with.
Thunder clouds once more hover over Dean’s head. The hairs on Sam’s arm raise in anticipation of the incoming lightning strike. Dean’s mouth parts, his frown deepens… Sam steels himself…
Castiel threads a hand through his hair. “You look so delicious on top of me.” Dean’s cock twitches inside him at that. “I want you to move.” Castiel commands.
Dean rubs his hands together and pushes Cass back onto the bed. “We shall.” He says, purposefully lowering his voice.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say. He was so prepared for Dean’s rage that he hadn’t anticipated it would be directed at someone else.
“Dean.” Cass reaches up with a grabby motion. The universal gesture for ‘pick me up.’ Dean stifles a cough but complies.
His eyes flit up as he tries to find the words to utter his consent. Only Cass isn’t looking at him. His gaze is locked onto Sam like a snipper.
Past a bushel of trees is a clearing and Dean can just make out the slight shimmering of water beyond it.
He sighs. “You’re over reacting Dean.” He tries again, “Think about it. We can’t have a child here. Everything is a hazard. What if he falls down in the stairs? What if he grabs a pot from the stove? Or one of our weapons and hurts himself? Every second since he’s come back has been constant paranoia – not to mention I can barely think with the noise.”
“Right!” he snaps, “You call me ‘buddy,’ Dean, but what does that really mean to you?” Dean feels himself shrink back a bit, “Is ‘buddy’ a word you use to describe someone who exists to follow your orders… to – to come at your beck and call?”
Dean’s green eyes are suddenly blown wide, his breathing picks up at the dire tone of Castiel’s voice. “Bolp bliort bi-en cocasb io-iad.” He says. “Repeat it Dean.”
Cass doesn’t move. He sucks… like a vacuum and moves his tongue on the underside of his member like a pro. Dean shudders and gasps, legs flailing and muscles trembling violently. He’s too close too soon. Instead of screwing his eyes shut, he lets himself enjoy Cass as he finally starts pumping his mouth up and down.
“Squirrel, you hurt me.” he strolls around the counter, “I’d like a ride back to the bunker. I call shot gun.” Of course dear Castiel took precedence. No heed should be paid to the demon who saved his snivelling ass from satan.
For anyone who may be confused: The first Dean who came in with the caramel popcorn was the Shadow who kissed Cass to trigger his deal. Then the real Dean came in for movie night and was shook. But, at least he found the recording and won't spend the rest of his life thinking that Cass left forever on movie night.
Dean’s voice is like the metal of an angel blade. Strong, uncompromising and deadly to him. He sees him standing near the foot of his bed, directly in line with the open door. He notices Castiel’s stare and sneers, jerking his chin at the door. “I considered closing it to give us privacy, but then you might trap me in here for a few million years, so I thought I’d be on the safe side.”
It’s the night before the final battle. Or what he hopes will be the final battle. Dean doesn’t know how much longer he can carry on like this.
just trying to do her job and she doesn’t even know the danger that exists on this earth. Castiel can’t find it in himself to hold animosity towards her.
The man in black laughs and removes the shades to wipe at his eyes. It’s only for a second, but it’s enough for Dean to realise what they’re dealing with.
“I know… it’s just.” He gulps. “I feel guilty. The other you… he really kissed me. And he said stuff.”
Castiel moves to stand, but Dean’s hands clamp down on his. “Wait.” He says urgently, “Something to think about when you’re deciding.”
“Who is she Dean?” Sam seems genuinely shocked. “I’m guessing it’s someone we know. But I have no clue. Just like I still have no clue as to why you would need to set-up a funeral to tell us this.”
Crowley smirks, making a kissing noise at Sam. “My safe word is ‘hellhound.’” He says holding out his hands for the restraints to be snapped on.
Dean blinks, trying to think of something to say. Another flash of lightening followed by the booming of thunder buys him a few seconds. The lightening illuminates something. It’s just an outline. But it’s
change nothing. Maybe Dean is just too in his head about this. Lord knows he never listens to his own advice.
Where is he going? There’s still jizz on his hand. Ugh. He wipes of off on the sheet. And slaps himself upside the head.
Please don't kill me when you figure out what the huge, red things that Cass is freaking out about are.
Dean fake pouts at him, “You’ll be fine.” He says, drawing out the ‘e,’  “Just don’t put the couches next to the sink and we’ll be dandy.”
The path is covered in wood splinters and flakes of wood. It looks like a thousand woodpeckers had taken to the trees.
Sam finds the source of the heat soon enough. It’s wrapped in a tan trench-coat, so hot that he’s began to sear the area around it. It’s too hot for his fingers to even get close enough to touch.
“Please.” He clenches his fists to avoid reaching out. “I don’t want things to be like this between us. I love you Cass.”
Dean pulls back slightly, taking a shaky breath. He definitely needs a minute to recover after that.
“I’m not in love with you Dean.” He says evenly. “And for the record, you’ve been treating me different since that place. That’s when you only thought that I was in love with you. What would things be like if I really was?”
Dean gets in Baby, feeling comfort in the dependable, unchanging purr of her engine. Damn, he needs this. Something dependant. At least she wouldn’t fuck him and duck him.
With a small smile, Castiel releases Dean’s legs, shooting the hunter what he hopes is a sultry wink. “Give me one second.”
His words only make Cass more determined, he moves a little faster, sucks a little faster. One more swipe of his tongue and Dean is a gonner. He comes with a shout, his legs thrashing and his hands yanking at Cass’ hair. The angel tongues him like a pro throughout his orgasm, gently slowing the pace as Dean comes down. When his vision is no longer double, he glances down to Cass whose lust filled eyes are staring at him, drinking in his blissed out  expression.
With Dean’s blood firmly in hand he appears in Asmodeus’ mansion. His lungs  grow heavier with each step and his vessel seems to lock up.
Taken aback, Sam stumbles for a reply. That period isn’t something he relishes thinking about. They lost all their allies in one fell swoop and Dean wasn’t Dean anymore.
“Just one last thing. And remember, you don’t have to answer.” Dean says, his hands readjusting his grip on the edge of the bed.
talk to Jody, maybe it will improve his mood. Sam suspects that whatever the creature told him won’t have much impact when he finds out that it wasn’t the real Jody. Maybe him opening up about his failure will help Dean open up about what the creature said to him and why it rattled him.
“Of course I know that.” Dean admits, “But I don’t want him to leave, or feel like we don’t care. He gave himself to the devil man, just because he probably told him how worthless he is or some crap like that. No way am I letting that kind of mentality continuing.” After a beat he pokes Sam’s shoulder in a friendly manner, “I’d do the exact same thing for you. If mom wants to see it as something it isn’t then I’ll just let her be. But you know it’s not like that between us.”
He blinks them away, hating how his voice quivers when he speaks next. “Dean… I h-have to tell you something.”
They still as the door finally opens. Dean glares at Sam for a second before realising that they’re not alone. When he spots Dean, his eyes widen rapidly with interest.
“Oh and is it also bold of me to assume that the two of you are in love? That you’ve given Dean a very obvious pet name?”
Castiel feels the hope that he’d had deflate. He wishes that Mary hadn’t filled his head with the thought that they could be together. She had made some good points. Some of the things that they did mirrored people in romantic relationships. But Dean had said otherwise and he knows well enough that Dean expresses his emotions differently from other humans in regards to certain things. Maybe this is one of those things.
Dean tells him that the moving truck will be by tomorrow and that he was going outside to repair the heater.
Contemplating their kiss, the moments that had led up to it and the superseding ones. Dean’s lips had felt infinitely. Just infinitely, like he could spend forever in their embrace. The act of lips pressing on lips had always seemed inherently disgusting to him… up until that moment. Dean had always done it with the females he was intimate with. The programmes on TV give him the impression that he should be jealous… and he is, to an extent. But he has something that none of those females ever did. He would be permanent. Those women would last no longer than a night but Castiel would always be there.
Almost as soon as Dean vanishes,  Chuck gets back to pounding Sam. Castiel feels lost… like both brothers are in need of help and he’s utterly useless.
Castiel pushes himself to his feet, crinkling his nose, which causes a bout of pain. “Ugh.” He groans, reaching up to touch it. No doubt, it’s red and blotchy now. He spares a half-hearted glare at the door.
Jody cracks open the door and the noise turns louder. It takes Sam a minute to realise that there are people in the room. Two, in fact.
Sam walks in and immediately frowns at him. “Morning.” He says pleasantly, but has a nose for judgement, and Sam is reeking.
That would still mean finding a way to go out without Sam thinking they’re up to something. After all the ‘jokes’ from the past few days, he’s probably already suspicious.
But as much as Sam wants to enjoy the delicious, home-cooked, meal… he just can’t. Dean is moping into his plate and Cass isn’t much better off. Nothing can be said at this point. But he can’t miss the way that Dean chews ever so slowly or the way he spends ten minutes washing his plate or the way that Cass sticks to his side; a silent pillar, never talking, only holding onto one of Dean’s fingers when he can.
Holding the rag near Dean’s, nose he takes note of the way the older Winchester immediately melts into him. Soon enough Dean’s head begins to loll and Castiel lets him lean on his shoulder. He shuts the shower off and uses the tiniest bit of his power to dry them and the area completely.
At first, it had felt necessary. To do things in a place where they would remain undisturbed. But now? Sam saw them kiss. He’s pretty sure mom has no delusions after that enlightening talk with Dean. Most of the important people in their life already know.
“You don’t need to.” Dean whispers vehemently. “I don’t want you to do this. To cut out a part of yourself. That isn’t how I want things to be between us.”
Dean is closer. If he claws his way over fast enough there’s no way Cass can beat him. Toppling over the box in the first place seemed to have completely sapped his energy.
Castiel seems to compose himself then. “Maybe not your Sam. But here… Sam … Sam was driven mad by Lucifer’s possession. He kept begging you to free Michael. To fight even though we destroyed Lucifer. When you refused, he became violent. We fought him off but you couldn’t harm him; he was your brother.” he looks Dean in the eye. “I suspect. Once I left, you… had a moment of doubt. And
“Oh my God.” Dean scoots away, pressing a hand to his chest. “Shit you watched that. Shit.” He runs a hand though his hair, no wonder Cass is traumatized. That promised to have some really kinky stuff. “Oh man. I’m such an ass.”
a nickname. This passage has been the most revealing thus far because as he can recall, the only person to give Dean a nickname in the history of ever… is Cass.
Dean walks a stiff backed Castiel through the aisles of some health and wellness shop he’d seen on their way into town.
Castiel feels his lips tilt up, for the first time in so long. The shy smile feels unnatural on his stiff face but it causes Dean’s soul to light up once more.
“Close your eyes.” He repeats as he mentally psyches himself up for the vault he’s about to take. He’s about to cross over about a dozen lines.
This is all his fault. Now, Lucifer is going to kill them and get on with whatever he and Michael have planned.
a nickname, not one that stuck  anyway or that he liked . Sam sticks with Dean because he can’t imagine calling his brother anything else. Because he hadn’t thought that Dean would
“We’re all working on a way to save you.” he assures, feeling the need to comfort Dean, who sounds nothing like his usual self.
“Well, there is something else.” Dean croons that special smile he has reserved for dates slipping onto his face effortlessly. “But I don’t think it’s listed here on the menu…”
With a loud pop, Cass pulls away from him, leaving his spit covered dick to rest on his stomach. He doesn’t try to move and Dean feels pretty weird jerking off with his face
” Sam waves his arms around, gesticulating like he does when he’s nervous. “What if he’s already in love with you and you’re just making it worse. Playing with his feelings.”
“Sure.” He chirps, picking at his nails. “That glare you’ve been giving them for the past few minutes just screams ‘friendly check-up time.’”
Dean smiles, slowly tracing a finger down his jaw. That gets his attention for sure. “Hey. Did you hear me? I won’t make fun of you, not now.”
Since his… situation he’s been… compelled… for lack of a better word, to stay in the bunker. And during that time, Castiel has noticed some peculiar things about Dean. The cup of whiskey that would almost always be clutched in his hands had turned to coffee or Sam’s home-made juice. His friend had clearly decided that he couldn’t even allow himself any weakness around Castiel and… it hurt. It hurt more than an angel should be able to feel.
Sam catapults himself forward grabbing onto the coat and the small mass inside it. A child sits there proudly, naked and with bright blue eyes.
When Sam trails said demon to said carnival and spends the day stalking Dean and Cass, he says fine. C’est la vie.
But that would mean opening up… telling him that Dean may or may not have feelings for him. It’s hard to come to terms with the fact that he might well have to say that out loud. To Cass. And possibly face rejection before his wheels even left the ground.
“I’ll keep that in mind.” He promises. No way in hell is Dean going to take him up on it again. It’s a slippery slope after that and Dean doesn’t feel like experiencing the conflicting emotions from last night again.
Sam nods. “That’s a reasonable assumption. Do you think they were doing recon for Crowley, to see if the stuff in the book was really true?”
“You’re not going to die Dean.” Cass says drily. “This contraption moves at less than one mile per hour.”
“You know – ” Dean pauses. Does he really want to remind Cass about this? He doesn’t know, but his friend is just staring at him intently, so he has to say
And although the possibilities are infinite and Dean’s been wracking his mind for over an hour, it doesn’t stop him from being completely blindsided as a pair of lips press against his.
“It’s pretty cool.” He agrees. There isn’t much else to do in a box. “You never told me the end of that story. The um water - ”
Dean tries to wrest his way out of the witches enchantment. She’d cornered him at a bar just the night before, trying to plan a hex. Long story short, Dean got caught… and he left his witch killing bullets in his other pants.
“You let him possess you.” he shoulders are slack, his mouth barely moves, it’s like he’s tired to the bone. “And you just left me. He killed Sam and Lucifer and I begged him – to leave you.”
The second had been the string of prayers that the real Dean sent to him. They proved to be his one and only tether to reality. He’d cherished each one. No matter how short or how angry. Sam and Dean were looking for him.
He takes pity on his brother. It must be hard to come back from being a child. Dean must feel too big for his body and probably has a hard time remembering actual words after talking ‘cutesy’ for weeks. Dean already isn’t much of a talker on a good day.
“And you took care of me? For all of that time?” His eyes widen and he moves over to Sam. “Sam, thank you-”
A jolt of adrenalin makes him surge forward planting a wet one on Cass’ cheek. The angel almost looks scandalised and he fingers the spot gently. “This is where humans would say ‘I’ll never wash this spot again.’”
Dean’s words had sounded so sincere. But it’s all too much. To suddenly be given everything you ever wanted in life, yet it hinges on one decision.
“He was nice about it. Gave me a speech about wanting different people for different things. Speaking of which.” Dean raises a brow. “Gardening?”
Dean blinks in shock as Castiel just remains there, a patch of floating mist. It’s almost anti-climactic really after Sam barged in here, all guns blazing.
He just wishes they would stop dancing around each other and kiss. No one would be in doubt after that.
If it was anyone else, he’d just make a joke and brush the entire incident aside, but this is Cass. He’s asking him for this one thing after months of torture, he’d do it. Cut back for a bit. “Okay. I won’t go cold turkey… but I’ll slow down a bit.”
Betrayal lights up his expression as he looks over at Castiel who watches him silently from his spot on the floor.
“What good would that do?” he spends so much time with Cass between the sheets now that he’s barely communicated with Sam in any sort of meaningful way. But now that he’s started ‘communicating again’ he can’t help but start babbling. “If Cass and I go out together, then it would be like a date. But if you’re there, it’s more like a group meeting!”
“I didn’t care about the fight, Cass,” Dean admits. “It was – it didn’t matter. I wish you didn’t feel like you had to leave. And I’m sorry… for the way I treated you.”
“Well, to be fair, I did just want to check on why the bloody hell you haven’t continued with the case.” He shrugs, “Then I waited around hoping you might want to indulge in a threesome later.”
They walk for who knows how long. The barrenness of the land and the darkness make it hard to keep markers. Dean feels numb, the coldness of the rain and the gusting wind barely make him shiver. Cass’ hand latches onto his shoulder, and he carefully turns Dean to face him.
He’s never been able to deny Dean anything. But doing this would mean losing him. And if he saves Dean, they lose Sam. It’s an impossible choice. Castiel feels his eyes burn and he’s forced to look away from Dean. How can he pick one when they both mean so much to him? It feels like he isn’t in his body, like some other person is standing here, being asked to pick which one of their family members lives and which dies. Flashes of their bodies on the ground, eyes burnt out swarm his mind.
Their hips falter and their breaths grow harsher. Castiel feels hands grabbing at his shoulders, legs tightening bruising around his waist. His own thighs tremble with the effort and sweat covers his entire body in a thin film.
“Dean.” Sam says, walking over to him. “We don’t want to force you into anything, but I just want to let you know. Cass isn’t leaving. You don’t have to worry about that. None of us are leaving.”
“Cass!” the younger Winchester’s shrill, panicked voice jars him into action, “Dean’s gone! Dean’s gone! And – I think he’s going to –” Realisation widens his eyes and he switches the call wordlessly. “Where are you?”
As Dean begins to move faster, Castiel feels his pleasure skyrocket. The sound of their hips snapping together, the wild look in Dean’s eyes as he chases his orgasm, it’s erotic in the best of ways. Castiel feels filled… overflowing with
“Beats me. I’m exhausted right now Sam. He’s been playing around with me all day for the past few days and I’ve been up researching with you most nights.”
Dean sighs, scrubbing a hand down his face, “Okay. Then we need to keep the pearl safe… and away from Cass.” Squinting he analyses Sam. “You don’t have the pearl.” He whispers in shock.
As Cass lingers near the edge of the bed, he turns and rests his hand on Dean’s knee. “You know, you aren’t obligated to ‘return the favour.’”
His gaze drifts back to Cass’ almost proud one. “Dean I think this is wonderful. Aromatherapy is a very effective way to dissipate stress or even get a good night’s sleep. You can’t imagine how happy it makes me; that you’ve come to this conclusion on your own. That you’re finally doing something for yourself. This is a momentous step, Dean, and I’m glad that you wanted to share this with me.”
Cass looks up catching Dean’s eye and stilling. “You’re close.” He observes, discretely palming his own cock.
The talk with Cass went much better than Sam expected. He was able to get through the entire story and relieved to find Cass doesn’t blame him; however, he is suspicious. They both want to know what - or who - the creature is…
Cass sits quietly, watching as Dean sleeps. Every so often he’d stick his hand out, near Dean’s nose, as if to check that he’s breathing before patting his hair lightly. Just as Sam’s about to kneel over from lack of sleep the little blur that is Cass toddles off the bed and heads over to Dean’s dresser. He quietly makes a pile high enough to get the top drawer. Sliding it open, he glances back at Dean ever so often to make sure that he’s still asleep.
Dean’s plan is to grab hold of Cass’ face, imagine a hot chick and get to work, but seeing the trepidation in his friend’s eyes, he decides on a new tack.
He can feel Sam hovering over his shoulder. Holding out as much hope as Dean does for Cass to be okay.
Opening his eyes to realise that Cass had turned the lights down… the fear that he had abandoned him. But Cass had stayed. He always stays.
Dean takes stock of the restaurant. All the people in look like they’re in the upper echelons of society. The place looks mostly filled with couples and to-be-couples. It’s the kind of joint where proposals are made via a ring in your wine glass. Dean hates it.
“Just calm down.” Dean almost hides in shame. He’s telling a  guy who just discovered the pleasures of having a dick to calm down. “Well… maybe not. But anyway, from what I saw – which was a whole lot more than I wanted to see.” He adds. “Your technique worked just fine. It’s pretty similar to how I do it.” Mostly because he basically dictated it.
Dean glares at him. “Fine. Next time I go out, I’ll take Cass with me. At least he knows how to be a good wingman.”
It won’t be the first time Dean’s lifeless eyes stare up at him. Naomi’s conditioning had been brutal, but he’d always known in the back of his mind, it wasn’t
Dean remains silent. “Tell me a joke. No.” he says, changing his mind, “Tell me about something nice – that you’ve seen. You’ve been around since forever right? Tell me about the most beautiful thing you’ve ever seen.”
“Wait, Cass, get silver, get a bronze dagger and coat it in your blood, that’s not – ” he cuts off his frantic protests, ending the call and returning to his place in bed. His place next to Dean.
He feels his legs freeze in the middle of the hallway. It’s then that he takes in everything around him. The plants that Dean insisted they put at every corner to ‘get some fresh air.’ Castiel still smells like Dean’s new favourite scent: lavender.
“So…” Dean trails off not wanting to complete that thought.  But it doesn’t stop him from thinking about it. Their enemies mocking Cass because of his feelings. Feelings he didn’t think he could share with Dean. Even Dean had played a part in tormenting him. Listening to his vehement denials every time someone brought ‘Destiel’ up must have taken its toll.
Castiel drops the title like it’s on fire, letting out a harsh breath as he stares down at the thing on the car floor.
When they get to the library the smiles drop from their faces. Everything is in disarray. The tables overturned, books sprawling open. And then there’s Cass.
be aroused when Cass was squirming all over him and making those noises. It’s human instinct. He’d have never done that with Cass otherwise. And after that – after, he’s been so shocked that he liked it. He’d been caught up in a new kink (not a foreign concept to him) and he’d indulged for a bit. But that was over now. He tried it. He might have liked it. But that didn’t mean that he was suddenly into dudes.
“It makes me feel… horrible. Thinking about something that I can never have. These past few hours have been… lonely.” He sounds so melancholy.
“You look good Dean.” He teases, secretly enjoying how happy his brother looks. “Cottage life suits you.”
“To be honest with you Adam, I thought that once we made it to the surface, you’d want nothing to do with me.” Michael admits, recalling the crushing weight he had felt, a weight that had squashed even the slightest joy of being on the surface.
“Bitch,” Dean replied easily, putting his now-empty cup in the trash. When he looked up, Cas was looking at him. One of those looks that said “Winchesters are weird things. I don’t understand humans.” Dean raised an eyebrow.
Montage of Dean and Sam sharing their knowledge of hunting with everyone. It starts with just some questions and then more, and then they’re basically holding meetings and classes. Sam takes to that better than Dean.
Sam smiles towards Eileen and brings his hands up to speak that way too. “All Jack. He took God’s power for himself. He’s setting things right.”
Dean drops his bag, causing Sam to open his eyes and look to Dean sharply. Dean’s already taken two strides that it took to get to Cas, who was coming down the steps towards him.
Freaking omnipotent Gods. Having a son who can sus stuff out like this that fast? Seeing past his bullshit. Let’s just say Dean’s glad he doesn’t have to worry about raising this kid anymore with how much he could pull over on him now.
“Cas, stop, wait a minute. I was talking about your self-sacrificing ass continuing to take the shots for me. Choosing to DIE to fix the problems I made.”
“I’ve been thinking. About leaving. Finding a place with some fucking windows. Getting a place just for us?”
When he opens them again, the sky has a hazy tint, like when summer days are too hot, but the sun still shines and everythings beautiful. Its a little just too perfect. Cas opens the screen door and pauses to think where he could be. He listens more and he hears the sizzle of pans and maybe a low voice humming to himself.
Later that night when he’s laying in Cas’ arms, he looks up and imagines he can see the stars through the bunker roof.  “Thank you,” Dean says quietly, turns it into half a prayer that he hopes Jack can hear. Cas snuffles a little in his sleep at the sound and Dean turns to him with a small smile on his face. Cas, asleep, hair tousled, rosy cheeks. He gets to have this. And he’s going to take every chance he’s got to keep it close. He hugs Cas tighter for a second and closes his eyes. He sinks quickly into a quiet deep sleep.
“Take care, Sam, Dean. This is your story now. Write it however you want it. And Dean? Tell him I say hi.” *or something like that*
Starts with the end scene of 15x19 when they are in the road, when Jack brings everyone back and explains he’s gonna be new God:
Jack: “I’m going to do *insert God shit to do*.” He pauses quiet, Dean and Sam nod along. Yeah he’s got work to do, they know it. They’re just dragging this shit out. “What are you two going to do now?”
Sam gives him a thoughtful look as he gets in the back and Cas joins the seat next to him in a flutter of wings. But even though he can’t see them, the desire to
Cas offered to get a job at the Gas n’ Sip again since, he says, he knows how to do that now, but Dean shuts that down. Cas doesn’t need to work. Dean can’t see him in that uniform again after last time, guilt still gripping his heart. They have a conversation following this, more of a constant back and forth of apologies for the shit they’ve put each other through in the past. That night, Cas makes it very clear in several ways how much he forgives Dean.
Cas looks relieved to hear that, but then looks away. It’s unlike Cas not to keep eye contact with Dean. Unsure of what to say to Dean. Unsure if Dean even wants to hear what he has to say, it he even wants Cas still at the bunker, with him in anyway.
Cas proposes over a candlelit dinner that Dean set up on the anniversary of meeting Cas in the barn. Dean was gonna use to propose first damnit Cas. He says yes of course though. They get married in a small ceremony with just a few friends/family members. Sam gets back at Dean when Dean cries seeing Cas at the altar.
“Dean, aren’t you the least bit shocked? You’ve been sitting over there this whole time, doing nothing.” Sam said petulantly.
Cas shifted. “Are they not acceptable?” He asked quietly. “I know most of my garrison have bright, colorful wings and these are not the most appealing.”
“For, well, mates-and-” Cas closed his mouth and looked passed Dean, over his shoulder then, ears burning red. Dean’s confused for a moment, and then it dawns on him. He knew Cas isn’t really interested in the blank wall behind him, he just didn’t want to finish the awkward train of thought.
Sam and Eileen are busy too. There’s their wedding that everyone sees coming, but sooner than later never hurts. Dean’s so excited to be best man. He cant say it hurts to see Cas in a better fitting suit, standing on Sam’s side of the altar too. (Dean doesn’t let him wear it for too long.)
Cas simply looked at Dean quizzically before speaking. “Dean,” He started firmly. Dean swallowed hard at the gruffness of the angel’s voice saying his name. “You can look at my wings if you would like. I do not mind.”
Dean goes to his closet and pulls out the ring he’s kept in his hunting duffel for a few months now, collecting dust in his closet since they haven’t had to go hunting in a while. When’s the last time he did? He had a shift at the garage last time Claire invited him to help hit a vamp nest. Months? A year?
Donna comes while the girls there, and cue lots of cute dinners and movie nights (a projector in the warmap room to fit everyone).
Cas blinked hard and tried to turn around. The angel made a small sound, almost shocked when he saw the long black feathers. It reminded Dean of a dog chasing its' own tail and he fought back a laugh. Cas stretched the wings out then and they fluttered a little before turning back to the brothers.
His eyes flicker to Cas’ lips. They’re standing so close that theyre basically sharing a breath. Cue Cockblock Sammy coming in to hug Cas, of course, he’s happy to see him, they’re friends too. Dean has to take a step back, takes a deep breath in. He goes to hug Eileen while he’s at it, who throws him a knowing look. He’s got to look 7 shades of red right now, but he couldn’t care less. Jack did it.
Dean cleared his throat, trying to diffuse the awkward situation and to keep the self-depreciating thoughts from getting any louder. Cas may be falling, but he still has enough mojo to read Dean’s private thoughts, if he wanted to. Once he hears the shudder of the water turning off in the bathroom and his bag is full, Dean turned to the angel, taking a breath before meeting those burning eyes. Dean nodded his head towards the door and then grabs the keys off the table.
Dean tries again, he’s gotta get this out so Cas knows. “Everytime you leave man I. I’m lost. When Lucifer offed you last time I. God, I was a wreck. I thought that that time it would stick. And then we got you back, but then all this shit with God and Jack and then you fucking go and die again and I just never had the time or the fucking balls to say—“
He cuts himself off, he’s frustrated by his own emotional constipation and inability to say what he means.
Jack finally stops the freaky eye contact contest and closes his eyes easily and breaths out softly. He pulses with a little grace around the edges. Sam’s eyes are wide. When he opens them again, he’s smiling that gummy smile. He might be God now, but he’s still that same little Nephilim they found. And raised. The fo-three of them, together. They’re family.
Castiel flushed and his wings fluttered slightly, obviously distressed. It was odd, the angel was never tongue tied.
Dean cries when he sees Sam crying seeing Eileen coming down the aisle, it’s a whole chick flick. He’ll tease Sam for that later, but Cas tells him he has no right considering the amount of tissues he himself had to give Dean, too. Right now, he’s so happy that Sammy’s happy and getting what hes always wanted.
Lots of scenes of Dean and Cas being domestic. Lots of stuff Dean can show him about living life on Earth, in a way he never could before. There’s lots of stuff Dean finds he never could do before either, always in the road, in the hunting life.
, the voice in his head continues. It’s beginning to become familiar, from a time where he spent time on a rack and where all he heard were screams for years and years. He shivered slightly, even if it was the middle of summer and beginning to hit record breaking heat at seven am.
His brain doesn’t shut up though, not even when he tried to divert the thoughts to the current hunt.
Dean clears his throat and rubs the back of his neck. It’s quiet now that it’s just them. Sams door slammed a minute ago bringing with it any hope of distraction. Just him and Cas.
***** Dean knows what he wants. Jack is walking away. Dean calls out and makes him turn. Shot of Sam pausing with the Impala door open.
And Cas smiles wide too. It’s gummy and its beautiful and its all Dean ever wants to see. He can’t help but split into a grin of his own.
“I didn’t get to say this back there before you—“ Dean’s chest clenches remembering how Cas most recently died. “Cas I-“
Dean and Sam look at each other for a moment. The simultaneous hope building up and threatening to pour over. Did Jack do it? Could he do it? Sam grabs their bags out of the car and slams the Impala door. Hope has always been a double edged sword. Dean feels like he wants to scramble to the door of the bunker as fast as possible, but also man he could’ve really used the drive home instead of God mojo to suppress the hope budding in his stomach. With one last look back at Dean, Sam opens the bunker door.
“Hello Dean.” He says gruffly. God Dean missed that voice. Within seconds he comes to the not-so-new conclusion that he never wants to go without hearing it again.
. Didn’t mean Dean was gonna tell him that. Sam was sure to get out of the shower, soon anyways. And he was hungry. Yeah focus on that. Hot pancakes and syrup. Not the six feet of self-conscious angel with fucking appealing wings in front of him. Dean met his eyes again, this time not turning away. Aw man, they were gonna do the staring thing again. Where Cas stares deeply into Dean’s soul and tries to figure out if he’s telling the truth and Dean tries to decide whether to glare at the other man or simply get lost in his big, blue eyes.
“There you happy, now? I’ve officially stared at your angel wings like a creep.” Dean huffed. “Did you actually need our help with something?”
Dean blinked. He hadn’t realized how close to Cas he’d gotten, only a few feet in comparison to the ten he was at before. He swallowed thickly and took a small step back, eyes still locked with Cas’.
Sometimes Dean thinks he might cry or scream. Then he remembers Cass. His friend who had abandoned everything so that he wouldn’t suffer. It would be sheer ungratefulness for him to twist and shout in their shared coffin. Sometimes when Cass was fast asleep – he sleeps often lately – Dean sobs quietly. For the life that he missed for how toxic loving him could be.
A blinding flash of light interrupts him. Sam blinks the brightness away to find the archangels have disappeared.
Almost as though in sync with his emotions, the sky opens up. Rain pours all around then, drenching them. Drenching the work bench. The Ma’lak box.
Dean scoffs. Of course Cass wasn’t made like this. The factory setting angel that first came to him is long gone. Dean knows that he has at least some part to play in that; Cass even told him so and though he wishes Cass would have chosen to model himself after someone better, Dean secretly enjoys that he picked him.
“Maybe he didn’t hear.” Dean offers. This Michael doesn’t seem the type to just ignore prayers. “Maybe it got lost in transmission. Is that a thing?”
“You know when he said it, so many things just clicked. When you freaked out about my flirting and– and–” He makes a weak gesture to his table; to the crumpled piece of paper.
Castiel is thankful for the noise and that Jack seems to take comfort in having a rotating nightlight. If it weren’t for those things he would have sworn that he was in the box again. His first instinct upon opening his eyes, was to search for Dean. Jack insisted that he stay in bed though, volunteering to be the one to search for Dean.
Dean nods eagerly, apparently also surpassing his daily limit for emotional chats. “Yup. So that means we’re all good, right?”
“It refused to come out of your room. We didn’t have a chance to see how it interacted.” He insists. Dean scrubs a hand down his face. “I found the rotting flesh. It must have gotten your DNA somehow.”
know how horrible Dean is. Maybe he’ll just decide to end things after Dean chokes on his dick like some noob.
With a tentative grin, Castiel takes his first bite. Dean even stops chewing to watch his expression carefully. But it’s
“Cass is going to leave.” When his brother meets his eyes next they’re filled with tears. “I was an ass Sam. He’s going to leave.”
In the back of his mind, he remembers having someone who lied by his side. It’s so fuzzy that the memory slips away easily.
“And then?” Again, it’s Lucifer’s taunts that come back to him. Them moving, Dean growing old and frail while Castiel remained as he is and always was.
“Not as beautiful as you.” he returns, running a hand over the freckles on Dean’s cheek. He pulls Dean up to him, pressing their bodies flush against each other. They both groan as their cock rub against each other. Castiel reaches down, cupping his hand over them both as best as he can, squeezing their cocks together. Dean thrusts his hips, dragging his cock along Castiel’s in a way that has his eyes rolling back.
Castiel flinches, standing slowly with the box gripped tightly. At least he would have some memories of his time with the Winchesters. “I’m sorry.” He says. There’s no chance of redemption, he knows, but he owes it to Sam to at least apologise, “I’m sorry for the part I’ve played and the confusion I’ve caused. If I knew – I – would have just let myself die instead of making Dean - ”
“The way you look at each other.” Dean opens his mouth, rebuttal ready, “No. Don’t give me that. When you talk to Sam you don’t look at him like you’re getting lost and he definitely doesn’t return the look. You don’t stare off at Sam when I’m talking to you. Like right now.” Dean whips his gaze forward. God dammit, now he can’t even look at his friend (to see how he’s doing with all this mind you) in peace anymore.
But Dean’s hand still remains over his. “I just… I don’t want you thinking that you have to do this for me.”
“You seem to be enjoying this quite a bit as well Dean.” Castiel growls, failing to keep the pride from his voice.
And no one could ever deny the worth of this. Not Dean. No one. Because it does mean something: a true expression of trust whether Dean had meant it that way or not.
Castiel remembers suddenly what had sparked his outburst back in the bathroom. He wonders if Dean had noticed. He never gave any indication of doing so. Dean hadn’t looked at him any different or treated him with disgust. Maybe if he looked again they wouldn’t be so bad.  Either way, he couldn’t face anyone again, not until he knew. Had they been there all along? Why hadn’t Dean said something when they were out in public… the stores, the diner… the witness’ house! He’d been parading around the city like this and no one had made a comment.
He sighs, “What have you seen then?” to his knowledge all him and Cass do is hang around… like buddies do. Drink a few beers, have dinner, work cases… nothing romantic enough to warrant an intervention. Sure, they look at each other, but it’s all about eye contact. Engaging in the conversation. Letting the other person know you’re listening.
Dean feels his body sink further into the bed. He’s actually pretty bushed from world hopping. He can’t remember the last time he shut his eyes that wasn’t in exasperation or when blinking.
“Hey. It’s just me.” Dean says in a tone he hopes sounds reassuring. “We’ve done stuff like this a hundred times before. Besides, it’s impossible to screw anything up on a brate.”
“Cass.” The way Dean says it sounds more like ‘Cats.’ “Can we play with that secret toy you were showing me?”
“Oh!” speaking of surprises. Gabriel snatches his pants up. Crowley glances at his ass while he bends. Any sign of their dalliance, healed completely. “I think Cassie will freak when he sees this.”
He knows that he’s pretty much the king of jackasses for just dropping that question of Cass when he’d already made up his mind that that wasn’t what he wanted to do. It had just… popped up. Unwantedly.
Right. Cass was living his life now, thinking that Dean wanted nothing to do with him. That he hadn’t even gone back to look for him after their blow out.
Banging, on the door, causes him to bolt upright. Water sloshes around in the tub as he peels back the shower curtain.
Sam knocks on Dean’s door, waiting a beat before turning around and marching away. Who the hell is he kidding? Dean and Cass? They probably hightailed it to the garage to do… whatever it is that they do down there. Talking will just have to wait until they’re both decent. No way is Sam ever checking that camera again.
Cass beams at him before sliding up to join Dean on the bed. With a wink, Dean lets his hand trail down, cupping Cass through his pants. There's already a sizable wet spot. And even though he just had an orgasm, Dean feels his dick twitch as he takes note of just how much Cass enjoyed sucking him off.
He turns away as their grunts become more breathy, shutting his eyes in shame. He’d observed many things throughout the millennia, but never had he observed with this mid-set. Selfish. Shameful. Jealous.
“You can’t just leave stuff lying around,” Crowley says, seeming more and more amused. “Books, boyfriends, someone can just snatch them up.”
“Dean is my big brother. I’ve known him forever.” Sam says with conviction. “I know about the bond you two have. And I know how deep it runs…” he gives Cass a pointed look. “For both of you.”
He can’t seem to spot any weapons on them, other than the usual angel blade and pistol. So they aren’t on a hunt. It’s more likely that he can float by them or maybe even… make a killing off of them? Is it too much to hope? He shifts slightly in his seat, eyeing them both intently.
Tightening his grip, Dean falters on his next step. He definitely hadn’t expected Cass to be so crude. Honestly, it makes Dean’s cock twitch. Cass doesn’t curse… or say things like that. But the smug look on Cass’ face, Dean’s shocked expression is exactly what he was hoping for.
Against anything. Even lost angels. Who just happen to have the same name as the djinn who is 'poisoning his brother.'
things about her sons that had made her stomach churn. But that Castiel had left out the one volume that Dean was ashamed of…
Dean’s face drops as he notices the other two of them standing there. He glances back to Cass with a tiny smile. “You’re not my Cass, are you?”
When he’s a safe distance away he calls Sam first. If anyone knows how to help Dean, it would be Sam.
Some of his worries had been dissipated earlier when Dean told him that he cares. He knows the older Winchester well enough to tell when he’s lying and that – that had been
. Day and night thanks to that super-charged libido of his. Dean can barely keep up. But he has to admit, it’s some of the best sex he’s ever had. It’s just something about them being together. Him and Cass. He can be free with him. There’s no worrying about condoms and trying to find some leverage in the back seat of the Impala. No worrying about Cass turning out to be a demon sent to seduce and kill him.
He doesn’t feel right just kissing Cass in his car with an ulterior motive though. He doesn’t like the feeling of being used, and he knows, that if Cass finds out, he wouldn’t appreciate it either.
He’s losing Adam. If he’s honest there’s still a chance that Adam can get past it. Undoubtedly, it would change their relationship forever. Adam may be more guarded with him. Maybe he’d want him to have another vessel when they get back. But he can’t stand idly by and lose him. This is a risk… it makes his heart flutter and his stomach feel acid… but it still gives him a chance to remain by Adam’s side.
“You still knew where I was.” Cass defends, “But you left the area completely. You didn’t even try to tell me.”
Dean tenses. He forgot that he wasn’t supposed to provoke or anger Cass for any reason. Now he’s really steaming.
“Is this better?” he asks. Hopefully, now that Cass doesn’t have to worry about doing the right motions, Dean hopes that he can loosen up enough to finish.
As Sam tries to get to the main cause of the bleeding, he finds that it’s just a singular gash, on one of the veins near Dean’s ankle. Once he’s sure that no glass is still inside the area, he presses his thumb firmly over the spot.
“Okay.” He says. Honestly, Dean’s been dying to know this mysterious activity. Is it some kind of friendship ritual? Or maybe something secret that over time might allow Dean to cast Michael out?
That gives him pause. Maybe it’s not the kissing and the sex stuff that has him feeling this way. Maybe it’s just like Sam says: just
Castiel doubts that he’ll end up more than a bloody smear when his feel eventually touch the ground.
“Yes,” Cass says stoically but Dean can tell that he’s off. First off, his shoulders are hunched and his hands can’t seem to find a place to rest.
Of course he could ask Dean. But his brother would pull the Winchester special and deny everything until his dying breath, despite having spilled the beans to a small child.
“Cass!” Dean exclaims, diving after him with a loud crash. He chases the angel, waving the hair brush like a threat. Sam smiles, despite the distraction. He remembers Dean doing that with him when he was younger. Where Dad left his hair an untameable mess, Dean always made sure that it was relatively neat. He remembers grumbling when Dean yanked on a knot or scratched his scalp with the brush.
That’s good, cause Dean isn’t sure what his expression looks like now. Kissing is for couples. Not for a ‘best friend helping out another best friend’ situation.
He tears his eyes away from the blankets to stare at Jack, who stares back at him with this look of confusion.
Thank you for all the wonderful comments! Rest assured that this fic will be completed. I'm just having a hard time since my laptop gave up on me. Hope you enjoy!
After replying to Sam’s text and telling him to fish them out as soon as possible, Castiel gets on the plane.
Dean scrounges his face up in distaste. Even though he’s well aware that creatures can detect changes such as in one’s aura, Dean refuses to pay any heed to the on cases. Castiel doubts that this time will be different. Which may actually work in his favour because he’s pretty sure his aura is teetering somewhere between heartbreak and utter humiliation.
He slowly drags himself lower on the bed, kissing Dean on whatever patch of skin hovers over his mouth. His wings are once more stowed for convenience. Castiel had a plan, something that would distract Dean from his worries about their situation. Despite himself, Castiel feels a touch of awkwardness as he comes eye-level with the pink head of Dean’s penis.
Strange isn’t it? He has so many other – better – things to do with his time. But ever since Chuck and Amara left (and to be honest, ever since he saw himself full frontal in those books) he’s been ‘keeping an eye out’ frantically and obsessively of course, for any new information. Chuck has published a few books online before taking off and he’d devoured them in a few days. Sure, the books barely revealed anything invasive emotionally but he still didn’t want the whole fan-base to be reading about the size and grit of his dick.
“But sometimes it’s hard for me too.” he whispers, as though sharing as secret, “All my life I’ve always done three things: taken care of Sammy, gone hunting and slept with women. Now – now I’m doing none of those things. Sometimes I wonder if this is real. Us. This place. And it’s hard because I don’t know what you want.”
“Something else?” he wonders, sitting down and letting Cass push his chair in. It’s strange… being treated like this. Dean is usually the one pushing in chairs and doing the ‘manly’ stuff. It feels kind of nice, actually, to be pampered like this.
Dean sighs, leaning in to press their foreheads together. “Then I’ll keep your spot in bed warm for you.”
In the few weeks he had watched over Dean and Cass, he had failed them in the worst of ways. It was supposed to be his job to keep their condition from the supernatural beings who’d hunt them, and yet Sam had invited one of those predators into their home. He let it ‘take care’ of them, let it be alone with them.
He brings his lips to Dean’s once more shifting his hips so that the tips of their erections graze each other. “Let’s finish this Dean.”
Castiel slips into the ‘Dean Cave’ and settles onto the couch. He purposefully left the lights off, hoping to scare the living daylights out of Dean when he joins him for movie night. It’s only fair after Dean unexpectedly smashed an entire pie onto his face and joked about licking it off.
“I know,” Dean says, patting his leg. He lets out a sigh. “Sam, how am I supposed to look at him? Act around him?” Dean runs his hand through his hair.
Finally, when his cock head starts twitching and his hips start moving of their own volition, he tugs Cass’ hair, the universal gesture to get off. Of course the angel doesn’t really get that and continues his mind-blowing – or dick blowing, as some would say – motions. Dean wiggles more, tugging a bit more, he almost wants to just let him continue and blow his load right then and there but if one of them comes then the other will follow… then they’ll go back to never doing things like this again.
Cass’ face falls. “You still think I’m using your brother.” he stammers, “Nothing has changed between us.”
Ever since they began working on being ‘close,’ Cass convinced him to ditch the ‘only for Cass approach.’
It’s strange to see his brother’s face this contorted with hatred. His arms are balled at his sides, his lips pulled back to reveal his teeth. Dean actually feels a thrill of fear.
Silence once more follows. Sam’s voice is careful when he next speaks, as though testing the idea himself. “What if… that thing that you think makes your skin crawl isn’t really about that thing.”
“I’ll have to keep that in mind.” Cass says. Dean can see the cogs turning in his mind, trying to figure out the mechanics of food and sex.
He’d put up the cameras some time ago as a precaution. Security, in case something was stolen or things looked out of place. His one failing had been the lack of audio. He sees them fighting. But he doesn’t understand what it’s all about.
“You’re one to talk,” Dean says, raising his brow. “Weren’t you the one who hit a dog and tumbled down the hill of love?”
He doesn’t deserve to die today. Or any day. Not because Dean lashed out and backed them into yet another corner. Between the two of them, Cass is the only one who deserves to walk out of here alive. Yet, even as a tear rolls down his cheek, he smiles so brightly that Dean is stunned.
to tell you!” Dean snaps. “But you were too busy with your new little crush that you didn’t hear me. Look! He even gave you a make-over!” Dean gestures at his new outfit.
Cass drags his hands across his chest, letting his fingers scape across Dean’s nipples. He gasps, his back arching into the touch. One hand grabs Cass’ wrist; not stopping him, but just guiding him back to where they were.
“Dean!” The child cries fat tears making the trek down his cheeks. Cass glares almost accusingly at Sam and screams again.
“I look at you and I think about us in bed.” Cass continues his tangent, his eyes wide and panicked. “I see you in the kitchen and want to tease you about something you said this morning but Sam is there… and he’d wonder why you were in my room. When we’re sitting somewhere, I find myself leaning closer, smelling you, wanting  to lick your lips.”
Expression softening, Gabriel smiles at him. Not his usual smirk, but an actual smile. “I’m not going to vanish on you Crowley.” He assures. “You don’t need to keep my body hostage.”
Castiel mixes the water first and pours in some bubble bath. He wants to check in the mirror again but fear stops him every time he gets close. Mirror? No, full bathtub. Mirror? No, urination. Mirror? No, brush your teeth. Mirror? No, no.
So, Dean figures four minutes is enough to bring himself to the brink. Then when whatever Cass thinks is so sexy comes on, he’ll let that finish him off.
It’s more peaceful than he ever slept before. Like slowly drifting off into another world. His sleep was so deep, in fact, that not even the blaring, heavenly, alarms signifying an incursion could not break him out of it. Not even Dean’s screams and tugs could snap him out of it.
Dean doesn’t want to wait for Sam’s common sense to kick in before setting things straight with Cass.
Castiel keeps quiet. He hadn’t given much thought to his love confession. But now he can’t help but quietly panic. Dean obviously held no interest in him. Another reason to believe he was indeed real. It should be easy… to slip back into the role of Dean’s friend – and closest confidant, as he likes to think – but it’s not. Not when he spent what felt like years in an endless loop of falling in love and dismissal. No matter how harsh the rebuttal at the end, he had always cherished every bit of attention that Dean gave him. It was the only thing he’d selfishly indulged in. He’d felt guilty over it but he always tried to savour the moments before he was cruelly cast aside.
The atmosphere in the room has changed drastically. They went from playful, friendly teasing, to an intimate moment where Dean feels like he’s intruding on his own self. He’s afraid to raise his voice and break the mood. He’s afraid to move in case Cass takes it the wrong way. He feels like a slab of meat stuck on a spit above an open fire.
Cass’ expression is raw. He doesn’t like Sam’s new line of questioning. “What I always want.” He murmurs, echoing Dean’s words from earlier. “Dean.”
His talk with Cass was everything he could have wanted. He’d gotten to explain his point of view. Cass had conceded that they could still be friends. Every topic had been covered.
Laughter erupts from his mouth. “Oh!” he laughs, “Cass would pitch a fit. He’d be stark raving mad. He’d probably gouge his eyes out. And eat them to escape this awful sight.” He realises the imagery may have been too graphic when he sees Castiel withdraw.
So he locks eyes with Cass. Everything is normal. No life shattering crises or anything of the sort. He knew Cass at least wanted to continue their friendship and Dean sure as hell isn’t going to let him carry on thinking that he’s some sort of trump card for him and Sam only pulled out to gain a few points then tossed away with the rest of the pack. He’d failed miserably at getting that point across; taking for granted that Cass knew what he is to them.
. In peak condition. His smile is bright, his skin glowing. How is it that he’s going to die in a few short hours?
Doing this – being together – in the sunlight makes everything so much more real than in the darkness of his room. The mattress is an added bonus. “Dean, please.” Blue eyes shine pleadingly up at him.
The hunter rests his hand over Cass’, squeezing gently to let him know that he’s there, that he’s listening.
Nerves that he never knew existed are suddenly roaring to life. Foreplay is definitely one of Cass’ strong suits. The man has magic fingers.
Cass gets in the back seat, grinning for the first time that day. “You didn’t leave me.” he says with wonder.
Of course he thought about that. It’s why Dean pulled away as soon as he got his grace back. Their time had suddenly been cut in half and they both knew it.
The lack of, well anything, seems to Sam in a foul mood. He snarls viciously at the creature and takes a threatening step forward.
Dean stares at him a moment, genuinely considering, but then: “No. You don’t want to be trapped with me forever. The two of us would never fit anyway.”
“He thought I was in love with you.” Dean laughs it off, but that one sentence pulls the rug from under his feet, sending him sprawling into a chasm of doubt. “But that isn’t what I wanted to say. It’s about
“Sam here won’t remember a thing and as far as Dean knows, Chuck was the one who blew you to smithereens.”
“Dean I am sorry.” And he is. If his powers were still operational he would be able to mend this instantly. Now all he can offer Dean are simple, useless platitudes.
Weapons still line the walls but he knows that Cass isn't tall enough to reach them yet. Sam tucks the camera behind the machete Dean brought back from Purgatory and checks his phone to test the quality. Grainy, but it's enough to see exactly what's going on.
The pleasure is there for sure, but muted by his internal panic. The fact that this is happening, in his room, on his bed of all places. The fact that Dean was the one who agreed to it, despite his better judgement. If anything goes wrong it’d be all his fault.
Coming down from his high leaves him almost boneless in the tub. If he tries to move his legs would no doubt buckle.
Yet, the sounds coming from his bedroom left Sam bewildered. He shouldn’t judge he supposes; pleasure is pleasure and hell if Dean and Cass would do anything for each other.
Gripping his arm harshly Castiel wrenches him upright once more. “Don’t.” he begs, “I’ll help you Dean.”
“And I can help you too.” Cass says causing Dean to frown. “I can practice my hand movements out on you and give you sexual gratification. That way I’m ‘reciprocating.’”
Sam seems amused by the set up and Cass is just twirling a noodle around his finger before sucking it off.
“Nipples?” At Dean’s nod, his fingers reach out to brush the closest one. Cass’ fingertips are rough and unsteady. A beginner’s touch.
Ever since the mental break down he had the last time he’d asked Cass for the time, he’s vowed to never ask it again. In fact, even though he still wonders how long has passed from time to time, it isn’t a constant weight on his mind.
“Really?” Crowley asks, still seated, as he isn’t worried about being murdered. “Can’t we be civil?”
“Giving you this pleasure, it seems to be an aphrodisiac for me as well.” Leave it to Cass to get all philosophical in the middle of sucking his dick. The angel gestures to his tented pants.
“Yeah.” He says sarcastically, “next time, how about you thank me by listening to what I have to say!”
“No!” he yanks on Dean’s pant leg, sending the pearl flying out into the hallway. The three of them make a mad dash for it but Sam reaches first – the perks of having long legs. Sam stares at it, wondering what to do. Everything is happening too fast, and Cass clearly doesn’t want to get turned back. But should his decision even count right now? He’s a child.
That Cass’ wish would turn him into a child rather than just making Dean fall in love with him or taking him to some strange universe where they were happily married or something?
“We’re here alone Dean.” He says, his voice sounding more worried than he’d hoped. “Michael certainly doesn’t consider himself liable for us. If we get lost, trapped or killed here Dean, he won’t care.”
“Yeah, ‘course,” He replied and busied himself with making his third cup of joe, purposefully not looking in Cas’ direction. Dean eyed the whiskey on the counter, but thought better of it. 7 am is not a good time for whiskey, however much he wanted to calm the jitters in his hands.
They’re standing so close, Cas’ eyes on his. Time to be brave Dean, he thinks to himself. You can choose to be happy. It’s so close he can touch it. And for once, he’s going to be selfish about it. This is his life. No God writing his story anymore. They fought for free will and he damn well gets to use it now.
Cas opens the door behind him suddenly, closing the door behind him. Dean tucks the box back into the side pocket before he shoots up quickly.
Dean remembers that moment before Cas got sucked up by that evil black goo. He never wants to have that shit happen again. The fact of the matter is that he’s afraid. He’s afraid that despite whatever Cas said, he meant it differently. Or only as a farewell confession, never to be acted upon. He knows what it feels like when you’re near the brink of death like that. The amount of times he’s almost spilled his guts when he knew he was at the end.
Dean got a job downtown to get out of the bunker more with all the people there, fixing up cars at a local repair shop. He loves it.
Hunters and Alternate Reality world folks, espcially the few that came with kids, listen to Cas recount tales from his lifetime. Dean’s chest tightens adoringly when he sees how much the kids love Cas. Cas just catches Dean watching and despite his confusion, smiles.
Jack looks at him with a soft glint in his eyes. He doesn’t give an answer to that, and yeah Dean’s not sure he even could, but he needs to let the kid know they still want him.
Before he can decide, Cas seemed to have found whatever he was looking for and smiled. Not the small half smile he gives most of the time, but a full faced gleam, crinkling eyes, white teeth, the whole shebang. Dean’s heart did jumping jacks in his chest before melting.
Dean huffs a breath. God, he won’t tire of hearing that. It scares the shit out of him, but he knows it’s the truth. And he’s so goddamn lucky that he gets to have this.
“You gotta know I want you here Cas. So stop with the martyr shit okay? Don’t leave me again. Please. Stay with me.” He says with his forehead to Cas’ (NOT LIKE THE WINCEST VERSION OF 15x20 JFC). Cas sighs, like he’s letting out a breath he didn’t know he was allowed to. “I love you.”
Jack stops by a few times. He and Cas talk for hours, sometimes w Dean cleaning up after dinner, easedropping. Othertimes he and Cas walk in the fields behind their house, long enough that Dean feels like a homewife who needs to ring a bell on the porch to call the kids in for dinner. Cas helps him reorganize heaven this way. When Jack first came to ask for help, to ask Cas to come back up for a bit to help, Dean’s heart plummets, but he doesnt say anything. Cas just hugs Jack close and shakes his head. He’s mostly human now anyways. Over the years, Cas had said, his grace has dwindled to near nothing without contact w heaven. His place is here now. But he gives Jack some ideas when he sends him on his way again. Dean takes his time that night to show Cas how much he appreciates he’s there,
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said reverently, like Dean just saved his baby or something. He refused the urge to roll his eyes or to blush.
Dean shifts the bag on his shoulder and pretends he can’t hear the crash when his heart falls into his stomach. Maybe his ask was a little more difficult than Jack could do. The Empty is a different beast. Maybe the deal Ca-he made was more permanant than Jack could fix.
Dean would have laughed at Cas’ question if not for the confused look on his face. Dean grunted, was Cas fishing for compliments? “They’re great, Cas,” He replied, quickly feeling more and more awkward at the conversation.
“Yeah we love you too kid” Sam wraps his long arms around Jack. Dean steps in second. He hasn’t done this enough, and might not again, depending on how Jack runs this God shit. He pulls back. “Hey I know you said hands off and everything but. You’ve still got a room with us. Drop in sometime for dinner, or like a movie or somethin’. Ya hear?”
*****Jack gives Dean the tools to go save Cas from the Empty. One last fight. Cas has to become human to get out of the Empty, but there’s no hesitation, not with how Dean’s looking at him, how Dean’s here despite the fact that he had just convinced himself he would never see him again. Hurt comfort back at the bunker when Sam is off with Eilieen and Dean and Cas have the talk. Smoochin happens but it’s more emotionally charged after the fight against the Empty.
“You gotta stop trying to leave man. We just got the biggest win we could. Sammy’s here, he’s happy. World’s quiet for once. Jack’s fixing shit up above. Shit, you’re actually here. I’m happ-“ He cuts himself off.
Dean pulls back a bit. Theyre both panting a bit, not going far enough away that theres more than an inch of space between them. He never wants to get farther away. He wants to stay right here for eternity, if he can help it.
Dean’s chest tightens. The things he couldve had. That he might have- He cuts himself off, too scared of the budding hope in his chest. His breathing gets heavier and he opens his mouth, but he’s too chicken shit to ask.
Sam stops by time to time. Brings Eileen sometimes, but mostly she just keeps busy with the kids at home. They stop over for dinner once a month with their two kids, Jess and Mary. Life is so good.
Cas spends more time alone on the farm, taking care of the animals, enjoying life on earth. A few more years down the line, Sam understands immediately when Cas comes over for dinner one night with the house key in hand. Sam and Eileen have been alone in the house for a few years now, the kids old at college and working in the real world. Sam cries as he hugs Cas goodbye after dinner.
“Sam!” Dean quipped, not wanting Cas to feel uncomfortable. If he had wings, he wouldn’t want someone touching them. It’d be like stroking his arm or something. Yeah, that’s the reason he yelled.
“So, do I need to go out and kill more sons-of-bitches before breakfast or did you just pop in to flaunt your pretty wings.” Dean said, wincing at his wording immediately, hoping Cas let it drop.
“Oh, uhm, I’m very embarrassed,” He said as his ears flushed pink. Dean took another long swig out of his cup. “Normally I keep them in another plane of perseption, out of reach of humans. I wasn’t aware I was showing them.”
Sam and Eileen talk to him and Cas soon after the wedding, while everyone has shuffled into different parts of the bunker, someone singing offkey to some song, a few in the kitchen opening yet another bottle of bubbly. They want to move out of the bunker. It’s been long enough. A house with more windows, I can’t take it anymore, Eileen says. Sam adds that it would be nice to have a space for some kids maybe, a dog. They want to get their life started. Dean tears up at that, and Cas grabs his hand. There’s a good hug Sam and Dean share when he let’s him know it’s okay, he’ll always be here for him. Maybe Sam could name one of his kids after his cool uncle.
Dean and Sam start up the Men of Letters. But they immediately start with Charlie as the first Woman of Letters, whicht they really should have made official with the first version. Her and her girlfriend take Dean and Cas on double dates.
Unconsciously, though, Dean’s hand raised slowly, as if all on its own it thought it was a good idea to touch the wing or something equally as fucking stupid. Cas’ eyes tracked the movement, not moving. But once they got within a hair’s breadth of the outermost feathers, Cas hitched a breath and the black feathers shook and dropped away from his fingers sharply. Dean grabbed his hand back quickly like it had been burned, ears bright with embarrassment and shame. Cas stared at him, clearly surprised by either by Dean’s audacity or his own actions.
“Let’s go get some grub, I’m starving,” He stated, pretending that the tension in the air isn’t thick enough to cut through. “Come on, you can sit in the front if you get there before Sammy gets out of the bathroom.” Dean huffed a breath and totally didn’t beeline for the door. And he certainly didn’t smack his head and then his palm on Baby’s steering wheel, trying to forget the confused and almost hurt look on Cas’ face as he left. He swallows away the burning guilt rolling around in his gut for running out on the other guy. Maybe some food will do him some good, get his mind off of things.
“Dean,” He said simply, that gravelly tone making Dean’s stomach flip like he was 13 all over again. Dean sighed and lifted his eyes to take in the sight before him. Scruffy face, hair, and trenchcoat and full set of beautiful wings. Something he could look at forever, if he was allowed. But that would most definitely not pass for acceptable with an angel of the lord, so he forced his eyes away and onto the bed behind him.
Dean ends up openimg his bar, the Roadhouse, in town. Hunters come in sometimes, to see the famed Dean Winchester, but mostly it’s just some locals who dont know who he is. What he’s done. It’s really kind of nice.
Cas stops, in the same place he was when they last fought. Cas thinks he’s talking about the love confession. That he didn’t want to hear it.
Sammy and Eileen join years down the line. Because of freakt heaven magic, and a few of the tips that Cas gave Jack, Sam and Eileen’s house is just next door now. Dean and Sam hug with sad grins when the house plops into place one day and Dean knows Sam’s arrived. They figure out that the Roadhouse is also just down the road, past their parents house, Bobby and his wifes’, and everyone else down the other way.
Cas agrees wholeheartedly. They don’t need to be there anymore. These hunters have got it. He kisses him deeply to let him know he agrees. Cas whispers between them that he would love to be able to build a greenhouse. Maybe get into beekeeping.
Cas notices in the morning that they come out of the same room and Dean sputters when he tells him, but Sam only nods knowingly. Dean really is always the last one to know huh.
Damn, Cas and his attentiveness. It was true, Dean had been avoiding looking directly at them during the whole Sam/Cas exchange and had continued to avoid Cas’ eyes afterwards. He sighed and turned to face the angel. The wings were still magnificent, but he refused to take more than one eyeful. They were just too amazing. Dean didn’t trust himself not to run over to the angel and take a handful of black feathers. Or something worse. He cursed his libido and its ability to get roused at stupid times. He met Cas’ steady gaze.
They just took the biggest win they could’ve. Dean breaths in deep once. He’s allowed to be selfish this once.
“Dude, it’s totally fine. They’re amazing! Do they always look like this? Why can we see them now? Can I touch them?” Sam circled around Cas and gaped in awe at the feathers. Sam didn’t even think about how close he was getting to the angel, but Dean could see how uncomfortable Cas was getting at the closeness. The tips of the feathers rustled in anxiousness, even though Cas’ face remained as stoich as ever. Dean smiled around his next sip, amused that Cas’ wings were giving away the emotions that he thought he was keeping so well hidden. Then Sam raised a hand as if to touch them and the wings visibly shivered.
One night Jody and Donna slip away while no one is noticing after one of the Fast and Furious movies, Dean’s lost count at which one they’re at.
Cas fiddles with the end of his coat. He makes himself meet Dean’s eyes. “If it makes you uncomfortable, I don’t have to stay here. I never wanted you to know, I knew it would make things awkward between us. I didn’t think I’d ever be back here to explain it.”
Once theyre gone, Dean takes stock. The bunker is full and running at full capacity, hunters in and out, helping each other. It seems like the bathrooms are always full and actually he’s sick of the mess in the kitchen.
Dean’s eyes shifted back to the black feathers again, giving up on keeping his eyes away. Great didn’t even begin to cover it. Wow, Dean, he thought bitterly. 12th grade English really did a number on your vast vocabulary, huh. Great. No, they were powerful and elegant, so ethereal that they didn’t seem real, but they were, hanging off of the angel in a shitty motel in the middle of Buttfuck, Nowhere. That kind of beauty didn’t belong in sleazy motels and around dirt and grime and death. Dean's stomach rolled.
The moment Cas flew in Dean’s eyes widened. Well, it was just after the asscrack of dawn, and Dean hadn’t caught a blink of sleep, and maybe it was the double cups of motel crap coffee, but he swore he could see them. Giant cascading black feathers that spanned at least ten feet, flourishing a few feet above Cas’ shoulders and the end feathers just dragging across the floor.
Dean pushed past the angel and started to pack his bag for the day ahead. They can go out for breakfast and start interrogating some of the locals then. Maybe they’ll stop at the Mom and Pop diner he noticed as they drove in. It seemed quiet and one for passer-bys. A place where no one would ask too many questions.
They take a vacation all together. A California beach, toes in the sand, mai tais, all that jazz. Dean thinks Cas looks particularly good in his swim shorts. Sam teases the shit out of Dean when he trips over his own feet when he sees Cas coming out of the water, dripping water and glistening with the setting sun. Eileen’s his only relief, telling Sam he does the same thing with her when she comes out of the shower, so Sam’s face turns red enough to his roots.
Sam hitches a breath. They just smile at each other for a moment, too over come with happiness. She’s alone, but alive.
His brother pulled his hand away quick, shooting him a surprised and slightly pissed look. Then he looked at Cas and took a step back. He coughed and winced at how close he was.
He’s Cas’ kid alright. Freaky unending eye contact. Except right now he knows that God!Jack actually CAN see into his soul right now instead of figuratively. He shifts and coughs a little. He’s gotta know what Dean wants.
Mentions of the darkness tears unpleasant memories free: Lucifer possessing Cass, leaving Sam and Cass to unabomber God’s sister with a chest-full of friggin’ souls.
"Everyone knows." He states factually. "Even when you came back with him... I knew you were different."
To say Cass looks disconcerted is an understatement. Sam is worried about Dean seeing his face and realizing something is wrong.
With bated breath, Castiel waits for Dean to respond. He can see the emotions fliting across his face; it’s almost dizzying for him, he can’t imagine how it must feel for Dean. “I feel – things.” Dean says slowly, “That I know I’m not supposed to feel for you, my best friend. And here with you in this house –
“I’m sorry.” Dean whispers, shutting his eyes. He just needs to block them out and push past this. He really is sorry, but he can’t let his friend die over a misunderstanding. “I wish for Cass and I to be sent to the universe that will fix everything.”
He perches on the handle, noting the differences between himself and this Dean. Like his moustache, which, wow, looks pretty suave and the extra weight around his hips. And despite it all, Dean is jealous. That this universe has a version of him that’s allowed to sip margaritas and fish on whim. Dean knows that this life isn’t in the cards for him, but he just wants to know what decisions he can make to get even the tiniest bit closer to it.
Dean breaks Cass’ gaze. He doesn’t know what the angel will see, when even Dean doesn’t know how he feels. He stares down the path instead, at the beautiful Bentley that he wishes he could steal. She’s still second to Baby of course, but, maybe he’d give her to Sam…
I'd honestly love to hear what you guys thought of the new episode! I feel like I'm about to explode!!!
Castiel thought he knew heartbreak before; pining after the unattainable Dean Winchester. But he was wrong
Her lips purse in annoyance and she snorts loudly. “Would you believe I just burnt my grandmother’s prophecy book?”
Suddenly, they both find themselves slammed flat on the concrete ground being dragged closer and closer towards the water. Across from him, Sam sees Dean digging his nails in till they’re bloody, but it does nothing to stop the ghost.
Dean chuckles softly but presses a scorching kiss to Castiel’s lips as his hands speed up. He’s barely aware of his own hands moving past Dean’s cock. Castiel comes first, his dick spilling onto Dean’s hand. Dean strokes him through it, kissing his cheeks and his neck until his body stops trembling.
His eyes shift to the left. Green eyes stare at him. He can see the emotions in them, the intent. Dean wants him to choose Sam. Of course, he does. Dean always chooses his little brother. It’s ‘his job.’ But Dean isn’t choosing today, Castiel is.
Their eyes connect and Dean sees the sincerity in them. The love and unity that he always feels in Cass’ presence, flowing through their connected eyes.
It comes back to him suddenly as Sam asks the question. He remembers his plan. His wretched plan. And he remembers leaving Sam that piece of paper.
Instinctively, he bites down the woman’s shoulder, muffling the cries of his release. His partner comes soon after, her fingers trembling between them as she continues to rub herself slowly.
Instead, he stares at Cass who is staring at the wall. It isn’t his usual probing stare; he looks dazed… lost in some other world. Which, again, is horrible ironic.
“… that this thing you’re trying to get us to do? That ‘talk it out’ approach.” He says at last. “We need that.”
Dean could leave too. He’s still be with Cass. Hold off Michael as long as he could. It doesn’t have to be goodbye.
Dean smothers a laugh. Why did he think it would be weird? This is Cass. Actually, he misses this uninhibited version of his friend. With Sam and Mom nearby he always seems a bit more closed off. Not that he can blame Cass, with the way these people have been acting.
So I had this all ready to post yesterday and then something great happened and in all the excitement I forgot.
“He says that they’ve got some leads on your grace. Rowena is getting the ingredients for a special tracking spell.” He adds. Castiel stills. He had forgotten about his grace the entire time he’d been talking to Sam. His main concern had been Dean. Thinking about it, Castiel hardly misses his grace at all. He can’t fly, but that’s not new. He wants to be useful and maybe heal the Winchesters if they get injured. He misses the way it usually keeps his vessel in impeccable condition. But he does enjoy the bathtub… and Dean assures him that his face will heal with time and honey.
Cass’ hands had felt so perfect around him. He remembers being so confused as to why they didn’t seem to work on him. It’s a strange thing, experiencing so much sensations that you’re forced to pull back before those feelings release. He understands how that could be both frustrating and confusing. To make himself feel better he just has to remember, that next time, when Cass comes into his room, that Dean makes the entire experience about him. No more letting Cass touch whatever he wants. If Dean is doing this, then it has to be solely about Cass. Not Dean.
Cass’ eyes are on him now, worried about Sam spilling something. But he isn’t dumb enough to do that. If anyone’s telling Dean, it’s going to be Cass.
you.” he hadn’t really wanted to bring this up but… “Asmodeus is probably half out of his mind scouring the earth for both of us. It’d really be nicer in a safe, warded bunker rather than out here in the middle of the street.”
A hot hand comes to rest on his face as Dean presses their lips together. “I’m so glad you’re okay.” He breathes, desperately against his lips.
Dean continues to hold his hand out and Castiel notices the first crack in his stoic expression. Dean knows now that it was in his room, that Crowley had found it there. It’s not very hard to piece the rest together. Still, his face shows desperation. It’s almost as though he
“Relax Cass.” Murmurs Dean against his stomach, pushing himself up so that they lay side by side. “I guess I was being a bit unfair to you. This is your first time, it’s not fair that I tease you and don’t let you come.”
As expected, Dean shakes his head no before turning to face the angel. “Cass, you know Sammy has a future. Please. Do this for me.”
Heart constricting, he rests a hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “We can’t stay here long.” he says gently. “But… maybe… you can tell me. The things you left unsaid.”
“Takes you back to the glory days, huh.” Dean teases. “You and Balthazar running around saving ships; collecting souls.”
Michael stops walking, leaving their body to lounge against a wall while he figures out what’s going on.
Dean starts the Impala’s engine with a great huff. Cass couldn’t have gotten far. He’s wingless and carless for goodness sake.
The other Dean lays a hand on his shoulder. “Well, now that you know the risks and that the plan worked… let me tell y-”
“Dean?” the voice calls again. Dean feels himself tremble despite the steam and the boiling water raining down around him.
“Dean wait!” Cass’ voice comes out in a rush, halting Dean’s hand. The panic in his friend’s voice is palpable. “I promised I wouldn’t leave again.” Cass says, his voice shaking.
Dean’s grip tightens on the door frame his eyes darting left and right in indecision. It takes more than a few seconds before he grudgingly enters and stands near the shower curtain. His eyes remain pointedly away from Castiel though.
They separate slowly, as though they can’t survive another moment without clinging desperately to each other.
Sam’s panic makes him lightheaded. Had he been so desperate for help that he’d mistakenly let in some… monster?
Crowley looks bewildered. “This?” He raises the book with a tiny grin. “This is just something I picked up on my way over. Did you want one?”
He stretches slowly and heads down the hall to the only place he’s positive Cass would head to… Dean’s room.
It’s a lie and he knows it. Oh, Dean would try, he’d try and try and it would be Castiel who broke first, unable to let him suffer through something like pretending to have feelings.
“Of course it has,” Castiel says stiffly. He turns away from Dean to glare stonily at the wall. He feels the inexplicable urge to make a crack about not wanting Cass to burn a hole in the wall but he pushes it down. This is serious; he doesn’t want to belittle Cass by making light of the situation. “You know I’ve had feelings for a while now. Mary noticed it easily… as did most of the other creatures we encountered.”
He ruined it. Of course he ruined it. He feels his eyes dart from left to right as he searches for something to make it better.
Initially, he thought that he just wasn’t important enough to warrant a call. That Dean was only going to the people he loves. But today had shown him that Dean loves him too. He hadn’t said the words explicitly, but it was impossible to miss the implication, even though Dean’s panic.
Castiel pulls him down for another scorching kiss as he pops the bottle cap open. He drizzles a bit onto Dean’s fingers and closes his eyes as Dean slowly works him open. It starts with a few careful touches, just along his rim, not yet dipping in. More lube and Dean is breaching his hole ever so slightly.
“Alright.” Dean settles in across from him with two trays of spaghetti and meat balls and a smaller plate with three mini burgers.
Sam cringes as mud splashes onto his car. He can’t fathom how Dean gets in and out of this place so easily. Although, he supposes, that’s the point of picking a remote cabin. He guesses that Dean barely leaves. From what Cass had mentioned his brother is in some serious trouble. He’s construed some sort of deal, but with what he’d come to know of Crowley, deals were in his past. Maybe Cass had misinterpreted Dean and Crowley’s friendship as something it isn’t.
Sam doesn’t want to think it. But the evidence is there. Whatever the reason may be, Dean expressing his emotions to Cass, is what causes his seizures.
“We traded bodies. And Sam did the spell to hide my grace and his blackened soul from my brother.” Crowley – well, Gabriel explains. “Which caused my brother to put us in the wrong traps.”
I hope I'm just being paranoid. Or maybe it wasn't actually his. Maybe his phone broke or he's swamped with work. Or maybe he got bored. I don't know. And the uncertainty is kinda wearing away at me and making me think the worst and feel disconnected from everything.
Michael made up his mind to let Adam have some time without him. But that doesn’t mean he’s not lurking… hovering on the edge of Adam’s consciousness… just in case.
Castiel dabs a small rag onto the lavender, testing out the strength by sniffing it. He coughs and lets some water dilute it.
Cass rubs his fingers together. “My methods seemed to have worked on you.” he glances over to Dean, holding his stare. “How was your orgasm?”
Baby Cass shrieks in joy and places Dean on his feet before hobbling over to Sam and peering up at him with wide blue eyes. “Thank you Sam.” In that moment he sounds so much like the old Cass that Sam wants to weep.
“I came back.” Castiel replies. Even though it’s obvious, he feels like the words are still necessary.
“You always lecture me about this. Privacy. Personal space. And here you are! Invading the one place I thought was mine!”
“Ah!” Dean’s expression twists with pain and his knees buckle, sending him crashing to the floor, his muscles spasming.
“Where is this world’s Castiel?” he asks, almost dreading the answer. It seems that morbidity follows him across the universe.
He sucks his lip, staring out at the damp pathway outside and trying to figure out how to get the next part out. He doesn’t want to be deceptive.  But this is different… personal to him. He’s not sure he’s ready to admit it… not all of it anyway.
how many times I’ve had to course correct because you just couldn’t kill him?” he points to Castiel accusingly.
“You’ve seen my dick.” Dean says easily. “I feel like you should strip.” Dean nudges him playfully. “Just to level the playing field.”
Cass looks uneasy. Not in the normal way. Dean feels uneasy right now. He’s sitting in his old plaid in front of all these class folk in a restaurant he’s certain they’d need to sell a kidney to afford. But Cass is a different kind of uncomfortable. It almost reminds him of that time he took him to a strip club.
He wants this to continue as much as Castiel does. But he’s too scared to ask. Even as Dean hovers above him, Castiel can see the shame swirling in his eyes, filtering back into his brain like poison. Dean will destroy himself over this whether or not it happens, at least going along gives him a chance of finally finding peace with himself.
Despite himself, Dean feels a sile splitting his face. “To us, Cass.” He says, raising his own slice in reply.
Numb legs take him to the Impala after his tears had dried and the body had begun to smell. He shuts the door softly, his muscles unwilling to do much more.
“Do you think you have feelings for me?” By the way Dean looks at him, by the way his soul flutters, Castiel almost dares to think that Dean wants him to say yes.
Angel’s aren’t supposed to forget thing. Though it may be due to the severe isolation and constant strain on his powers.
“Hey, can I talk to Sam?” Dean calls through the radio. “Update him so we can start looking. I’m sure he’ll get his shits and giggles out of this one.”
“Here’s your tickets.” The lady pushes two slips of paper into their hands, grinning at them strangely. Dean hardly feels it between his fingers as he starts to panic.
look, Cass smiles at him before turning to face the Empty. Dean’s breath stutters as it swallows him. And just as quickly as it came, it disappears. Leaving no trace behind.
As their evening progresses, he’s even more convinced that they’re on a date. The lingering touches and the stares that last even longer than usual. The pie they share is a flashing neon sign. They’re in love. They’re dating.
When the timer hits 3:59, Dean’s hands pick up the pace again. The scene with the loud screaming orgasm suddenly cuts. He sees the camera shuffling around as it settles on two guys lying together in bed.
But there is the doubt. Dean’s doubt specifically. Castiel felt it rolling off of him in waves during their last encounter. He understands it, of course. His time as a human revealed just how fickle and horrid feelings could be. Dean’s life had been hard and full of betrayal. Some of those betrayals had come from Castiel.
“Damn it Cass.” Dean pulls him back in for a swift hug, swiping the tears off his face. “Don’t you cry no more.”
“You took care of him.” Sam says carefully. “When even I couldn’t. That has to count.” He pauses. “Dean I think whatever his wish was, I think it’s affecting you too.”
He’d known from the start that it was the smart choice… the right choice. He would have died happy at least. Maybe it would have been while he watched old Westerns with Dean, or when he sat with Sam in the library, reading in comfortable silence. Maybe it would have been while the brothers were asleep. Maybe, he’d be able to tell… he’d have a few moments to bid them farewell before death gripped him. Maybe it would have been so slow or so painful that his screams followed him into the light.
Dean doesn’t feel shocked, he feels numb and resigned. “Of course you do.” And angry. “Fuck you Cass.”
That would be horrible. But maybe they can keep looking, and explain it all to Cass so that he knows it isn’t true.
Steeling himself he faces Dean, “Every one hundred and eighteen years that elapsed translated to one minute in the real world.” Dean sags into Sam, “I’m sorry.” Castiel whispers, “That was the most I could force time to bend. It was… very taxing.”
When he’s finally alone, he locks the door considers painting some angel warding. Ultimately he decides he just
Castiel lays an arm on his thigh, tantalizingly close to his erection. “I’ll tell you Dean.” A short pause. “Will you do this for me?”
“I liked this morning.” He says, his eyes gravitating towards those blue orbs like always, “This. Waking up to you.”
Look out for a new idea I'm working on. It's similar to this one: all the ways Supernatural can end. It's called Blackout.
ways to tell. Ways that can’t be faked.” She says. “When you do something inherently romantic, any emotions you feel are questionable. But when you do something… something that you would otherwise despise. It sucks your soul to do this task and suddenly, that person is there and all of a sudden, you’re full of energy.”
Sure, he’d teased him at the high-school play but he’d made it known later that any feelings between Dean and the angel wouldn’t bother him in any way to which Dean had huffed and assured him that wouldn’t be a problem. So no. Dean isn’t ‘madly in love’ as the multitude of fanfiction and most of the fandom advocates him to be.
“No.” He says, testily, “If I were being a drama queen, I’d be smacking you all against the wall like you’re a piñata.”
“Done.” Dean announces stepping away. His easy expression falters as he seems to pick up on Castiel’s misery.
Dean freezes up like some kind of criminal when put on the stand to testify. He gives a wavering smile, fiddling with the straps of his bag. “Sammy.” He glances away, “Gotta head to bed bro.”
The words that he’d once said flow freely. “I know you. And sometimes I think that you love me. Despite my vessel. I’ve had this for a fraction of a second and now I’m addicted. And I’m not okay with that… but, I’ll take anything you give me and I’ll give anything you desire. Just forget the world and we won’t let tonight end. We can be together – it doesn’t matter what you call it.” Castiel gulps. The first time he said these things he was an angel, with so much more to offer than he does now.
“Who knew what good ole Castiel kept hidden under his pillow?” Crowley quips. “I expected a dildo, some pictures of Dean but this was a pleasant surprise.”
“Relax.” Dean cuts his tirade off. “I have a plan to fix things. He doesn’t know anything concrete but we can throw him off.”
Dean swallows. He did this. If he had just waited until Cass came back to his senses, maybe he would have stopped him.
“Damnit Cass!” he tries to steady his heart rate and hide the phone simultaneously. “Give a guy some warning would you.”
“Morning!” Sam calls, stalking into the kitchen. His eyes are glued to his tablet, already mapping out what they need for the case. “Guys, I found –”
On his back, knees bent and spread, Dean almost regrets asking to shift. Now he’s forced to see Cass, see exactly who’s doing what to him and it’s scary. He half expects Cass to stare at him throughout but to his shock the angel doesn’t even say a word as his mouth swallows Dean whole. The abruptness has his legs gripping the angel in a vice, his hands reaching for the mop of short black hair beneath him.
Your liver would have failed years ago had I not healed you, you’d have high blood pressure, you’d have gotten fatter than Criss Cringle so if you can’t promise me right now that you’ll start taking some semblance of care with regards to your health, then pull over. I won’t stay with you and watch as you slowly die.”
