It was a seal—big and fat and shining from the water. It waggled itself along the beach, seemingly uninterested in staying in the ocean while the storm churned the waves. It turned its head towards John and Sherlock just once, just long enough to grunt in their direction and then move further along onto the beach. It rested its head on the sand with a snuff, far enough away from the surf to be satisfied.
“Unless,” Sherlock said, the words so quiet it was difficult for him to even hear, “we don’t want to.”
“You were right,” John called out to Sherlock, who sounded as if he were overturning the whole of the café downstairs. “He took money from the Taibhse Brothers.”
Outside the greenhouse, the rain increased in volume. The drops were thicker, rustling the greenery and landing on the ground with wet splatters. The thick smell of earth increased, filling Sherlock’s nostrils. It was the smell of mud and worms, of green and regrowth.
The bottle sailed just to the left of the tree, but the shooter jumped out of the way anyway, darting to the right and aiming his gun directly at John. Cracking noises rang through the air as the shots fired.
“It’s silent now that you’re gone,” John said. He turned to face Barts. The street-preacher was taking a break from his sermon, but he was still standing there on the pavement, taking up the space that ought to be reserved for only Sherlock, waiting for a miracle that would never come. “I hate the bloody silence.”
The bottle of lubricant lay on the bed next to Sherlock, forgotten nearly immediately after being put to use. Sherlock’s mobile rested on his chest; he would feel the vibration when John responded. Sherlock ran a slick hand up the length of himself, his eyes sliding shut. He pictured John hovered over him, looking down at him with wanting eyes, his hand closing around Sherlock’s cock.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. He flipped through the next few pages of the journal. His curls were nearly brushing against John’s face. John could smell the posh scent of his shampoo.
“If you could have your panic attack a little quieter,” Sherlock said. “Some of us are trying to sleep.” John could feel the rumble of Sherlock’s words against his lips. Oh Christ that was good.
as it broke through the tension of John’s skin, a silver spike seeming only to do further damage to John’s leg. John cursed, and Sherlock considered that he felt as if he were doing more harm than good at the moment.
The O’Sullivans—Darren and Claire—had been pleased enough to have Sherlock on the case. Conor—apparently a fan—had spent the day before they arrived showing them every entry from John’s blog and, as such, had many questions for them, most of which John answered politely while Sherlock grumbled impatiently. Conor remained insistent that the culprit in the sheep murders was a werewolf, but fortunately his parents did not share these sentiments. Still, they were eager for Sherlock to get to the bottom of everything.
in the mood.” He started trying for the eighth step, hopping upwards with his full weight against Sherlock’s side.
When John turned back towards Sherlock, Sherlock was doing a poor job at keeping the little smile off his face.
You tug a corner of the blanket into your hand and do the best job you can muster at cleaning the both of you up. You’re fading as well, but closing your eyes means you don’t get to look at him and you aren’t ready for that. “When the cranes move at night,” you hear yourself saying, “it feels like there’s no other humans left in the city. It feels like I’m the only one, the only real one anyway. Everything else has gone to the robots.”
“Yeah,” John snapped. “You left me at a crime scene in the middle of bloody nowhere. No cabs. No bus stops anywhere near. In the bloody rain.”
The Great Blasket Island loomed in the distance, growing smaller with each moment. John could still make out the whole of it—the white sands of the beach and the boulder-like bodies of the seals, the fluffy dots of sheep grazing in the field, the dark patches of the ruined former homes of the Islanders of past, the Cró towering above it all. The waves crashed against the steep cliffs at all sides of the island and the wind soared into John’s face, reminding him of the violence of the Atlantic the island braced for, shielded against. It was wild, that island—wild and violent and dangerous. It was also beautiful, one of the most beautiful places John had ever seen.
.” With that, he strode down the hallway, disappearing into his bedroom for clearly no reason whatsoever.
Sherlock forced himself upright, still straddling John’s hips. He took one of John’s hands in his, pouring lubricant over his fingers and guiding it between his legs, breathless. He watched John change as his hand passed along his body. He watched John’s breathing pick up as his palm brushed against Sherlock’s testicles and drew nearer to his center, watched John’s eyes grow glassy as his fingers reached Sherlock’s hole, watched his cheeks take on a flush as Sherlock guided his fingers around the ridged skin, watched his mouth drop open as the tip of a finger slipped inside. Sherlock heard himself moan, taking him in further. He could feel John’s finger bend and twist and stroke, exploring the very center of him.
“But this,” Sherlock ran a finger over a small scar on John’s bicep, no bigger than a five-pence coin. “This isn’t from a fight.”
“John,” Sherlock hissed, but John was already up, crouched as low as he could and darting for the open wall that used to be the sleeping quarters. He heard Sherlock curse under his breath and push himself up on his knees, aiming the gun. John approached the open wall and could see the shooter now, hunkered behind a tree. John wasn’t sure if he could perfectly hit the man with the bottle—now fairly on fire—from this distance, but the goal was really just to scare him, anyway. John hurled the bottle over his head with all his might.
The chair said nothing in response. The flat was empty. Sherlock was dead, had been for over a year now. Not even the imaginary Sherlock that John had spent the better part of the day talking to could be arsed to show up at the moment. John carried on talking anyway.
John did as instructed, and he felt Sherlock’s thumb graze over his lips. Sherlock closed in on him, his breath warm on John’s skin. John felt Sherlock’s thumb press more firmly over his mouth as Sherlock’s lips landed on his own skin, kissing himself instead of John. Sherlock’s nose grazed over John’s cheek and it wasn’t a kiss but John felt something light up in himself all the same. His hands tightened on Sherlock’s hips.
“I do. I see. I know.” John ran his hands along Sherlock’s cheeks, along his neck, into his hair. Each beat of his heart was a beautiful ache. “I love you so much, Sherlock. So bloody much.”
He could have said it, he knew. He could have said a lot of things. Or even better, he could have taken Sherlock’s face in his hands again and kissed him once more, pushed him back against the glass of the storefront just behind them and snogged him until they were arrested for public indecency.
“You’ve got to be more careful,” John said. His fingers were at Sherlock’s temples, brushing slowly. “I mean it, Sherlock. I don’t know what I’d do—” His voice seemed to lose its footing. He faltered, swallowed, looked away.
John exhaled with a burst of noise. “It’s all right,” he said. His voice was tight, rough. “Can’t help it. Keep going.”
John looked at Sherlock as if he was an alien beamed down from the sky, little green antennae and everything. “No,” he said. “No, because you’re Sherlock Holmes. You don’t...you don’t feel those sorts of things.”
It ought to be enough to send you away—hell, on a typical day you wouldn’t even have approached him in the first place—but for some reason you keep talking.
John saw Mary’s face recognize the noise. Her eyes went wide, her face tightening and paling. He dove for her, trying to push her down, away from whatever was about to happen. She scrambled out of his grasp, darting to the other side of the room before he even understood she was gone.
Sherlock nodded against John, his eyes flickering shut at the feel of John stroking inside of him. Of course he was John’s. As it turned out, he had always been John’s, likely before the two even met.
John’s hand moved faster along his cock and he bit at his lip to keep from moaning. In his mind’s eye, Sherlock had rolled on top of him last night, their bodies flush against one another’s. Sherlock had moved his hips against John’s, grinding slowly but solidly, moving their cocks together. If John was as hard as he was right now, such an act would have made him come in a few short moments. Would it have made Sherlock come as well, writhing and panting on top of him, biting at his neck as he spilled into his own trousers? The water lapped and rippled with the movement of John’s hand. His feet slipped across the bottom of the tub. John’s little whispered gasps seemed to echo across the walls.
“I was by last week,” Lestrade said. “He’s still in that mood of his. Not sure what that’s all about.”
“Your boyfriend is nice,” Conor said. “There was this one lady out here, she was sick like you were and her boyfriend just laughed at her.” Conor nodded at Sherlock. “He doesn’t laugh. He’s nice.”
John let him go and he slipped underneath the hole of John’s bound wrists. The man’s arms drifted to the side. He started sinking slowly, tossed in the waves. John tried to swim away.
he should have. If this was what kissing Sherlock was like, John should have kissed him the moment he first saw him, there in that cluttered lab at Barts, right in front of Mike bloody Stamford. He should have kissed him every moment of every day for the whole of the twenty-two months they shared. He absolutely,
—” John started, but he wasn’t exactly sure why he was arguing for his flatmate to be starkers when sharing a bed with him so he decided to stop talking.
“Mmm,” Mary said, “but you’re not, are you? So it all worked out fine, then.” She must have seen the anger slip onto John’s face, because her look softened. She lowered her voice. “Is he still…?”
Above the roar of the fire, John could hear helicopters approaching. Soon, they would take Sherlock away.
Sherlock squeezed his hand and set off with a cluster of tourists, belting out facts about the island in an accent that, of course, was convincing enough to fool the lot of them. Sherlock had dressed himself in some of Declan’s old clothes in an effort to slip deeper into the part of the adventurous Irish outdoorsman. In his loose trousers, thick jumper, and knit cap pulled low over his curls, Sherlock seemed practically a new person as he carried on about the wildness of the island and joked about the sheep in a perfect Irish brogue. It was convincing, but John could still catch glimpses of Sherlock along the edges, in the little way his smile flickered as he glanced in John’s direction. John felt in perpetual danger of grabbing him and snogging him senseless at any moment.
“You weren’t breathing,” Sherlock blurted. “When I got to you. You weren’t…” he swallowed, shook his head against John’s forehead. “I had to…” His hand was moving along John’s face, down his neck.
The smiling was John’s favorite. The smiling made being woken up at all hours of the night by the sound of screaming somehow acceptable; John was suddenly
“Thank you,” John said, but Sherlock wasn’t listening. He was still frowning, the look of John’s wrists turning his eyes wet.
He’s still grinning. He’s got your trousers open and your cock out but he lets you go. He takes your hand and slides it down his chest, his stomach, into his trousers. You think he’s guiding you to his cock but he bypasses it entirely, sliding your hand lower, slipping between his legs. He spreads his thighs and pushes your fingers against him and you can feel his hole through the humid fabric of his pants. “Why don’t you do some things to me, then?” he says.
John leaned against the hill, still panting and dizzy and not fully understanding all that transpired, the wind screaming into his face. He tugged his trousers closed, zipped up his flies, and his legs gave out. He slid to the ground, his back dragging against the hill behind him. He tucked his forehead against his knees, using whatever he could for shelter from the wind. It was all a bit too much at the moment, and John couldn’t breathe again. His hands were shaking. The whole of him was shaking.
“You’re doing great,” John said, but the thick wavering in his voice made Sherlock feel as if he were taking John apart limb by limb.
He looks at you with a raised eyebrow, as if genuinely curious how you’ll manage to stammer through whatever it is you’ve got to say.
where,” Sherlock snapped. He ran along the path at a manic pace, darting and zigzagging along the path whenever a footprint was to be spotted. “Our werewolf is knowledgeable about the outdoors.” He nodded at another bit of footprint. “The imprint of that shoe is clean, with no evidence of sliding in the mud. Excellent traction. The shoe is designed perfectly for the elements. Our werewolf knows how to survive outside. He is tough. Not easily defeated by forces of nature.”
John was smiling when the kiss ended, looking up at Sherlock as if he, in all his imperfections, was still the culmination of a billion-year process of selection and refinement of every possible trait that led the two of them to stand in this room together—upright, forward-facing, beautifully symbiotic. Evolution wasn’t over though—it never is. There were always more steps to take to move forward; they would take them together. John turned, tugging at Sherlock’s hand, pulling him in the direction of the hallway, the loo, the next step in his progression. John glanced back over his shoulder with that look that was light and hope.
“Okay.” John wasn’t about to argue against Sherlock requesting fewer drugs. He handed Sherlock his half-dose and fetched him a glass of water. Sherlock crunched the pills between his teeth and swallowed the pieces eagerly, hoping for speedy effects. John pulled a chair in front of Sherlock and sat down, pulling gauze, bandages, and a bottle of saline out of his medical bag. He gestured at Sherlock’s chest. “Shirt?”
“When Mary finds out. When I tell her,” John’s face looked broken, “she might not let me see you again, Sherlock. Do you understand? She might not let us have any more contact at all and she’d be well within her rights.”
Possibly concerning, that. On the bright side, neither hand seemed to be particularly far from his body.
going to answer that question. He flipped to the beginning of the notebook again. He forced himself to pay attention. He was
Everything was hazy and useless except for the noises John was making against him, the insistent throb of Sherlock’s erection in his trousers. He rutted up against John, needing more, needing it immediately. He let his hands travel inward against John’s arse, pressing a finger against the warm center of John through his trousers. John made a whimpering noise.
he had been thinking it all along—wishing it, hoping for it, bloody praying to anybody out there who could have possibly listened. He was mad to convince himself that it wasn’t the one thing he wanted more than anything in this world, that he wouldn’t have traded just about anything for it to have been true. He was mad to think that, after all this time, he wasn’t still waiting for a miracle.
The wind took the desperate sound John made, carrying it along the island. Sherlock’s mouth started to move with a fury and John was suddenly grateful for the sharp incline of the hill underneath him because he certainly couldn’t stand anymore. He cried out and the wind took that sound too, leaving John with nothing.
John smiled back and rubbed at her arm some more. He wasn’t particularly sure what to say in response. “That’s lovely,” he tried.
“Would you have looked at it, even if there was?” Mary asked. That smile was still on her face. She rubbed at her belly.
Sherlock couldn’t form words. He wasn’t particularly sure he understood English anymore. Every part of his body was burning and building and he needed to warn John but he couldn’t find the words so instead he found a noise, a high, desperate noise that sounded like a siren and bounced along the walls of the alleyway.
John pressed his eyes closed. His brain didn’t seem to be working quite right. It didn’t seem to be able to find language. It had forgotten how to turn thoughts into noise. It was simple, what he had to say—seven words, none of them particularly complicated. Still, he couldn’t quite figure out how to make his mouth say them.
“The caretaker was murdered first,” Sherlock said. “The sheep after. Six sheep now. He doesn’t seem to be stopping.” He turned back towards the photographs. “Why is he killing the sheep?”
John wriggled in Sherlock’s grip, doing his best to wake Sherlock without being too jarring. “Sherlock,” he whispered.
The dinghy bumped up against the little concrete landing strip and Will barked at them that they had arrived. John followed Sherlock off the boat, slinging his bag over his shoulder and more than a little thankful to be back on solid ground once more. The world still swayed a bit beneath his feet and John looked at the steep climb ahead with trepidation. There wasn’t so much a path per se as there were spaces in the jutting rocks that seemed more trodden than others. A rope handrail spanned along the rocks, and John planned on making ample use of the small source of assistance. The damp rocks glinted in the sun.
“I would never ask you to, John,” Sherlock said, because of course he wouldn’t. That wasn’t his way. However, John thought, it didn’t mean that he shouldn’t have at least tried.
You glance around the two of you. “Couldn’t help but notice,” you say, “that he didn’t rob any banks.”
The world faded in and out of perception in broad strokes of browns and yellows. Consciousness drifted back gingerly and skittered away as soon as it was noticed, a frightened mouse. When light was so bold as to touch the walls, it did so without conviction and left little of an impact. As such, there was much of the room that was left to the imagination, which seemed to be a positive thing, as the reality of the room—with its graffiti and dubious stains and obvious signs of damp and decay—was not particularly pleasant to behold. Imagination could take over and produce something different. Not necessarily better, but different. A quality of optical illusion hung about, a skepticism regarding whether one’s perceptions were accurate, whether it was a rabbit or a duck sitting just in front of you. It was all a touch unreal. There was a haze to the lot of it, a vague sense that, although there was still a high probability that at least most of everything was real, there was also a smaller yet definite chance that nothing at all was real. Sherlock liked those odds.
John certainly hadn’t seen Sherlock without a shirt on a regular basis, but during the time that they lived together previously he had seen enough of Sherlock’s body to know that these scars were a recent addition. It occurred to John that he hadn’t seen very much of Sherlock’s body since he moved back to Baker Street, since Sherlock came back from the dead. He realized there might be a reason for that. He felt an odd surge of protectiveness fill his stomach, warm and sick. The urge to put his hands on Sherlock—to trace over the scars, to let the both of them know that everything was all right—was nearly uncontrollable.
Along the whole of Sherlock’s back, streaked and splattered like slashes of paint across a canvas, were dozens of raised white scars.
“Mrs. Hudson…” John tried again. He took a step towards her, slow and careful. He held a palm out in front of him.
You, you’ve been talking your way into people’s pants since you were sixteen. You’ve toured your skills across three continents. You’ve seen yourself into people’s beds despite language barriers, height differences, and partners who were objectively out of your league. You’ve pulled in this very pub. Recently.
Sherlock swallowed. He reached a hand into his jumper, tugging out the flash drive from where it still dangled from the rope around his neck. He waved it in the air wordlessly.
John’s cock began to take interest in the situation, plumping against his leg. No. No no no. He was far too physically close to Sherlock at the moment to sprout an erection. He didn’t want to send Sherlock flying from the bed in a disgusted fury. They were just faking, after all. Weren’t they still just faking? John ground his teeth together, biting at his tongue. He thought of dismembered corpses. He thought of his cantankerous great-aunt Wilma. He thought of the sewers of London. He wasn’t breathing again. The spots were back.
Sherlock, as it turned out, was prepared to keep John well-informed on his day. Sherlock texted John once more about Lucy’s various activities on the boat, which John received while he was locating tools in the storage shed, preparing to repair the damage that Sherlock had wrought on the upstairs floors the day before. Sherlock texted John when Darren’s boat docked in the marina, which John received as he balanced on the exposed beams and surveyed the wreckage of the upstairs bedroom, wondering where best to start with his repairs. Sherlock texted John when they arrived at the veterinarian’s office, which John received as he hammered another board back onto the floor, hoping that the O’Sullivans wouldn’t notice or mind the multiple scratches along the sides of the boards from Sherlock’s less-than-surgical work with the crowbar. Sherlock texted John while he waited for Lucy to be seen by the veterinarian, which John received as he leaned back against the wall, taking a break to wipe some of the sweat and grime off his face. And, of course, Sherlock texted John when Lucy was taken back for her surgery, which John received just as he set back to work. Each text sent what was likely the dopiest grin he had ever grinned across his face, which didn’t do much for John’s appraisal of his own sanity.
“Exactly, Watson,” Sherlock said with a grin. “To stay with one’s original choice or to switch to the remaining door. Which is more likely to win you the car and which is more likely to send you home with a goat?”
Water ran off of John in sheets. His shoes squelched with every step he took and he was soaked to the bone. His dripping hair nearly covered his eyes. He considered that he would have been much more surprised to find Sherlock preparing food if he didn’t feel like something that had been dragged from the bottom of the sea.
John must have looked at her as if she was speaking Russian, because she felt the need to elaborate further.
“Lestrade,” you hear him say just as you disappear. “I’ve the funniest bit of news for you. It appears as if somebody has
He stared at her hand. He realized that it was the first he had been touched aside from a patient shaking his hand in quite some time. “Yep,” he said.
Sherlock waved a hand that John very much wished Sherlock would not remove from the wheel. “Couple...stuff,” he said. “Smiling. Being nice to one another. Physical affection.”
The light was on in the window of the flat; Sherlock, of course, was at home and awake. He always heard the door open, always heard visitors as they climbed the stairs into the flat. He had long since memorized John’s footsteps and would know it was him.
“A bit bleak, Conor,” Will said. Then he considered, glancing back at John. “The lad has a point, though. It can be dangerous out there. It’s no resort island, the conditions are tough.” To punctuate his point, he steered the boat directly into a monster of a wave. The whole of the craft shuddered, as did John’s guts. “It’s a touch easier these days, with some of the modern conveniences, but there’s still no electricity. No running water. No phones. No food, aside from what you’ve brought with you. You’re isolated out there. If there’s bad weather, we can’t get to you. You and your friend are stuck on the Island until we can come find you.” He looked back at John and grinned. “So be careful.”
“And clearly,” John said, waving an arm back towards Sherlock, “we were both willing to do that. Christ, Mary—Sherlock and I were
Precisely two minutes later, the cabbie banged on the partition with angry knuckles and shouted at them to knock it off—but not before Sherlock came, shuddering, into John’s hand.
“No,” Sherlock said. “I suppose not.” However, there was something in his expression that made John wonder if they weren’t talking about different things.
John looked up at her. He was sure his face looked the very picture of gobsmacked. “I…” he said. “No. I mean, I don’t think he… that is, I don’t think he has any interest in…” He sighed. Mary had heard this all before, obviously.
“Right,” John said. “So the plan is to hide ourselves away in some rental cottage until a serial killer comes to find us.”
Hugh’s eyes were even wider. His face was fully blue in the lights of the police cars and he seemed properly panicked. “Cameras?” he asked. “I swear to you, I didn’t…”
“Christ,” John muttered. “So he stayed on the far side of the island then?” The easternmost part of the island was hellish enough in yesterday’s storms, with the wind nearly ripping the grass from its roots and the rain hammering down on them. John could barely imagine what the western side of the island was like, with no mountain to shield it from the elements.
Besides, there was also the little fact that he looked like a man who had recently been shagged half to death that made him think Mary would figure the whole thing out before he even had a chance to open his mouth.
John sighed and released Sherlock’s arms. He pulled on a set of latex gloves and committed himself to poking around the interior of a rotted corpse, looking for any spare organs the black market surgeon left behind. Sherlock continued on about probability and started to draw a diagram on the corpse’s forearm with a surgical marker until John snatched it away from him. Molly exercised all of the wits in her head and stayed gone for the entirety of the time Sherlock and John were in the morgue.
“Right,” Sherlock said again. He slipped the sharp edge of the scissors into the waistband of John’s trousers, flinching as the metal slid along skin. “Right. Tell me if I… If I…”
That bloody song. Sherlock wasn’t certain he’d heard it before John and Mary’s wedding. If he had, he certainly deleted it. It had no business taking up space in his brain. However, it had right well moved in now, established permanent residence square in the center of Sherlock’s hippocampus. There were times during the past month when it had gone blissfully silent, but it always cropped back up, the obnoxious synthesizer moving from C to F on repeat in Sherlock’s brain. Times like that, the song was a fussing toddler; the more one tried to ignore it, the louder it screamed. Sherlock was fairly certain that this song, this song over everything else, would be responsible for driving him insane in the end.
Will lifted his hands just in front of him. He looked ruffled and scruffy, as if he hadn’t seen a shower in quite some time. He had a twitchy quality to him that John didn’t care for. “Look,” Will said. “I don’t mean you or your friend any trouble. Just here to collect what’s mine, is all.”
John shook his head. “I guess it doesn’t matter,” he said. “It happened. It doesn’t make a difference who started it.” He shrugged. “I guess it’s for the best that I don’t remember.”
love you, it’ll kill me. And I’m saying it now because,” John shrugged, a little laugh escaping his lips, “I can’t go without saying it anymore. I love you.”
squeeze of Sherlock’s hand against John’s cock—and John came with a shout that he was sure could be heard on the bloody mainland. Sherlock’s fingers stayed on him after, loosening but still stroking, tracing John’s semen as it dripped down his shaft. When John shuddered from oversensitivity, Sherlock splayed his fingers across John’s stomach, sweeping his hand in John’s come, holding him close.
At ten months old, Rosie seemed to be growing rapidly, developing new skills every day. She began crawling a little over a month ago and had really taken to it, moving as if she knew she had a whole world to see. She was pulling herself up onto the legs of tables and chairs, and Sherlock felt certain that she would walk soon, despite what John’s baby books claimed. He was helping her with leg exercises and intended to speed the process along.
In front of you, a small hallway. You turn to either side, gun steady in your hands. Nobody. You move to the left, inching slowly along the hall, your back to the wall.
“Indeed,” Sherlock says. “His given name is Hal Neville. And he has been irritatingly slow at robbing his next bank.” Sherlock says this as if the lack of banks robbed is of personal inconvenience to him.
this patient had the object stuck wherever it was. You wouldn’t have questioned a child’s motives, so obviously the patient must have been grown, too old to expect such behavior. Still, there
In the dream, Sherlock had stepped forward. Just a step, no more than that, but it pressed him flush against John’s back and John let out a moan that quite frankly surprised the hell out of him. Sherlock was
Sherlock ignored her. He pulled out his mobile and started taking pictures of the sheep. John felt a little thankful that at least Sherlock wouldn’t have the means to print out these photographs and hang them up where John was trying to eat.
Sherlock paused his trek up the hill, turning to look back at John. He had his hands in his pockets and his hair was still a wreck from the wind. His face was nearly placid, nearly emotionless.
Sherlock looked down at himself. He had a few scrapes on his hand and one scratch on his arm where his shirt had been torn. Nothing serious. “No,” he said. He glanced up at John’s considerably more concealed body. “You?”
“Police presence will only spook our werewolf,” Sherlock said cheerfully. “We must catch him in the act. I will tell you when you may phone the police.”
These weren’t things that he thought about as he watched Sherlock tip off the edge of the roof, of course. These thoughts only came to him after, a long line of hindsight that kept him awake at night and colored his dreams with blood. In the moment, John could think of very little. His mind was a screaming white panic. The only word he knew was Sherlock’s name.
John twisted against his binds. He was going to put a stop to this, even if it meant the Taibhses sent all their bullets screaming into him. Better him than Sherlock.
More clicking. Sherlock could sense the little gears in John’s head working, trying to find a case to which Sherlock might not object. His brain seemed to be even more sluggish than Sherlock’s at the moment. Then the clicking stopped. Sherlock could hear John’s grin. “I’ve got one,” he said. “
John looked at her then, allowed himself to actually see the blue of her eyes for once. She had lovely eyes, he thought. They boasted a promise of kindness, happiness.
“A tour would be lovely,” Sherlock said. “Doesn’t it sound lovely, darling?” He tightened both arms around John again, squeezing him within an inch of his life.
“Here for the sheep,” Will said as he hopped onto the little slab of a harbor. “Sorry to leave you a few days with it. Been in Dublin, and with the storm yesterday I couldn’t get out.”
“Yes,” he says. “How did you know that was me? I was completely covered up. My face was unrecognizable.” He seems disgruntled. “I’m quite good at makeup. You shouldn’t have been able to tell it was me.”
To be honest, John hadn’t exactly thought about it. They were having fun, he thought. They saw each other a few times a week, he slept over at her flat afterwards. They called and texted each other. She had gotten him a toothbrush. It all seemed like enough.
“No they haven’t.” Sherlock dragged a piece of gnocchi through the sauce at the bottom of John’s plate. He seemed reluctant to make eye contact. The couple behind them laughed again, this time complete with a rough snort.
“I didn’t mean anything by it,” Hugh cried. He sounded terrified, and likely had a right to be—John’s gun was still trained directly at his head. “I didn’t mean you blokes any harm, honest.”
“Ah,” John said. Despite all the time he had to do so, he still had not given any thought to what their fake backstory would be.
“What?” Sherlock asked, still not turning to look at John. “If you had known, if you had managed to put all the pieces together in your little mind, what would you have done?”
of ways,” Sherlock said. “Matching flushes. Rumpled clothing. Awkward smiles, as if hiding a secret. Standing a little too far from each other, but seeming to wish they were closer. Also, the woman sounded quite emotional in her message of mourning on his page, much more than would be expected of an acquaintance or coworker.” He clicked the screen shut on his mobile. “Liars, John. The lot of them.”
“Should we…” You aren’t particularly sure of the proper course of action when a bank robber is no more than twenty meters in front of you. “Call the police?” you try.
“Right,” you say, wishing you could rewind time if you blinked hard enough. “But it was more than that. It’s… The other night, it was like…” You flail your arms, gesturing between the two of you in a way that is objectively nonsensical.
This was a helpful bit of data, Sherlock knew. If the blob was John, then the likelihood of Sherlock being at Baker Street was high. John was at Baker Street. John usually wasn’t in Sherlock’s bedroom at Baker Street—he was usually in his own bedroom upstairs—but if Sherlock was in a bed at Baker Street then it was most likely his own. He would sort out what John was doing in Sherlock’s bedroom instead of his own in a moment. Sherlock forced his eyes to wander about the room, which was starting to lose its hazy edge. Yes, there was his dresser. There were his diagrams of the internal structures of beehives that hung on the wall. The rectangular glow was, in fact, his doorway. Settled, then. Sherlock was in his bed at Baker Street. Most definitely not flying. He felt very, very clever.
“Oh fuck,” he said, pushing himself away from the wall. Two women crossed the street to avoid him. He dug his fingers into his hair. “Fuck.”
protect me,” Sherlock said. “And it protected more than just me. Alone was the way it had to be. I wasn’t wrong about that. What I was wrong about was how much it would ache.”
“No,” John said. “That’s not how it works.” He wove another suture through Sherlock’s skin. He was nearly halfway done. Sherlock’s hand on his waist was a steady pressure.
“For at least a part of it,” Sherlock said. “He might’ve come over yesterday while the rain was still light, knowing we’d be relegated to the cottage once the storm hit. Stayed put until nightfall. Then made his move.”
“You don’t do this sort of thing very often,” you say, gesturing between the two of you. You say it partly because you need it to be true, because the thought of him with anyone else makes your stomach turn sour, but mostly because you know it’s true. You know that, for him, you are an anomaly.
Gooseflesh was starting to rise on John’s skin. His cock gave a twitch despite himself. “These walls are paper thin,” he said.
John shrugged, taking a sip of his wine. “I want to know. You’ve seen me in relationships, you know how I am. I have no idea how you are.”
They were seated at their usual table, just by the window. This table, John noticed, was always available whenever he and Sherlock dined here, which seemed unlikely to be a coincidence. Either the table was perpetually available for some reason, Sherlock called ahead to reserve the spot, or Angelo had whoever was sitting there unceremoniously cleared out as soon as he saw the two of them coming. John knew it was one of those three options, and had a feeling that it wasn’t the first two.
Sherlock nodded against him, but he didn’t feel all right. He was shaking and tight as a wire behind John, his breaths still coming in as whimpers.
Ah. Sherlock considered that he saw quite a bit of John that night, his flushed cock, his straining arse, but John actually saw very little of Sherlock and likely remembered none of it. Sherlock sat back, allowing John’s eyes to run over his body. He watched as John took him in, taking his time as he scrutinized every bit of Sherlock. A flush grew over John’s chest. His eyes were hungry.
Sherlock smiled. John could feel Sherlock’s lips move against his forehead. “It appears I do,” he said.
Sherlock bit at John’s earlobe and John’s breath hitched. John’s fingers were tight in Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock’s hands were moving along John’s chest, down his stomach, teasing the edge of his belt.
John went to mutter some protest, his mind a bit more interested in attending to the feel of Sherlock in his arms, but his eyes were heavy and his tongue was sluggish. He barely mustered a nod before he allowed his eyes to slip closed. He drifted, floating between sleep and wakefulness for minutes or infinity. He couldn’t quite tell.
“It still hurts,” John said, “you being gone. You jumping. I think it might always hurt. A little bit, anyway. But I’m not angry anymore. And I think I understand. Why you jumped, that is. Why you left.”
John tugged the remains of his trousers off his good leg and tossed the bloodied thing in a heap on the floor. He gestured at the bottle of saline. “We’ll need to clean it,” he said. “There’s gloves in the kit. Gauze too. I can help with this bit.”
Anyway, that’s when John realized he was staring. He reoriented his attention to his menu, doing his best to study it in-depth while taking deep breaths.
Sherlock had little pieces of grass and dirt along his shirt. He looked a bit rumpled after the scrap, but John was glad to see that he did not appear to be injured. Sherlock watched Hugh with narrowed eyes. He seemed to be thinking intently, deductions careening through his brain at a maddening pace.
He took one last look at the little room, the room that didn’t contain a crime scene or a body or a Sherlock and hadn’t for three years. The place would be demolished soon, John supposed. Memories toppled to the ground as if they meant nothing. Another part of Sherlock erased forever, as simple as the swing of a wrecking ball.
he didn’t add. “It’s possible that he needs a bit of time to recover.” His tone was a bit more curt than one might recommend, but John was too tired to care.
“Yes you do,” John said. He opened an eye, studying Sherlock. “You’re not the only one who can notice a pattern, Sherlock.”
“We catch the killer,” Sherlock said. “The papers are calling this one the Holiday Killer, due to the murders taking places in the holiday homes.” He considered. “Not the most creative of names, but on par with expectations regarding the media’s ability to generate ideas.”
He glances back at you, his lips turning up into a little smile. His deep-sea eyes shimmer in the light. “As I said, it’s my business to know things.”
lecture.” The tea bags were strewn about the kitchen now, and Sherlock slammed the empty box on the counter. “It’s a tedious deflection.”
The whole of Sherlock’s body was tight and shaking. Sweat beaded on his forehead and John wanted nothing more than to taste him. Sherlock tilted forward slightly, pumping his hips into John’s fist, fucking his hand with urgency. All John could think of was the last time they were together, Sherlock kneeling over him, grasping at his thighs, his cock moving so beautifully inside him that John thought he might weep from it. The memory sent a throb of heat straight to his groin and he made a noise he didn’t quite recognize. Sherlock’s hand moved faster against him.
John found his pants and tugged them on hastily. “No,” he said. “I’ve let this get out of hand. I’ve let it go sideways. I shouldn’t have—I never should have come over here. I never should have let it get this far.” He ran a hand through his hair. “Those fucking dreams,” he muttered. He shook his head, grabbed his trousers from the floor. “It was a drunken shag, Sherlock. It was a drunken shag and we let it get the better of us. And tonight...” He looked flummoxed. “I don’t know what the hell tonight was, but it was meaningless. Nothing.”
The whole of Sherlock’s body was bowed, his head bent nearly fully back. He wrapped a leg around John’s back, heel digging into flesh, pulling John closer, harder. His fingers were gripping at John’s head hard enough to rip hair from scalp. He wailed and John knew he was close, could tell by the way he shook, could tell by the pulse and swell of his cock against John’s tongue, could tell by the tenor of his screams. Sherlock may have tried to tell him, may have shouted something that in some language might have been a warning, may have loosened his grip to try to pull John off of him, but John didn’t need a warning and he wasn’t going anywhere. The first hot pulse of Sherlock’s come hit him in the back of the throat and John sputtered but held on, gulping and swallowing and moving, still moving along Sherlock’s cock while Sherlock convulsed beneath him, screaming something that could have been John’s name but sounded like thunder, sharp and loud and world-splitting.
Gilly wrinkled her nose. “The property owners will have to pay for that damage,” she said. “It’ll make the cottage’s nightly rental price drop as well.”
“You have to forgive me, John,” Sherlock said. “I let what I feel get the better of me. I let it keep me from thinking rationally. I knew that I shouldn’t. I knew you didn’t feel the same. I knew that I shouldn’t proceed with my advances, and yet…”
“Not because of how it looks, although the reaction of others when they see it certainly doesn’t help matters,” he says. “No, you’re ashamed because of what it represents. You think it makes you weak, being broken open. You think it’s robbed you of all you have to offer this world.” His words rumble across your skin.
John sat in the back of a cab with Sherlock, rubbing at his temples while Sherlock tapped nonstop at his mobile. Between Janine and Molly and Mrs. Hudson and even Harry, John was able to cobble together childcare for a week. He wasn’t particularly sure what he’d do with Rosie after that. Now, he and Sherlock were heading to the airstrip that housed Mycroft’s private plane—one of several favors Sherlock called in—although John was uncertain of the logic of getting on a plane without a destination in mind.
Lucy was loitering outside the café when John emerged, munching on grass as always. She looked up as he approached.
, the boy explained. Right then, John realized. It wasn’t that the cat didn’t like people. It was that the cat didn’t like
“Yeah,” John said, looking about the room. He couldn’t see anything more than a grime-covered room, falling apart at the edges, but he was sure Sherlock would have been able to recite the entire history of the place down to nearly the minute. “It was still extraordinary.”
“Okay.” Sherlock leaned forward, crouching over John’s leg. He caught the interior edge of John’s wound, a bit of skin just at the left of the cut, and held it tight with the forceps. John sucked in air above him, his body going rigid.
Lucy was still standing outside the café when John emerged, dead mobile happily plugged into the outlet in the café. John sank into a wooden chair that was propped just outside the café, nodding at the little lamb. Lucy stared at him with her odd rectangular eyes.
“Yeah,” John said. His voice was rough. “Keep going. Pull it through. Give yourself plenty of extra.”
Sherlock’s impatience vanished. His eyes dropped to his feet. “You’ve never watched me die,” he said, his voice quiet. “Not actually.”
After a time, Sherlock forced himself to move, or at least roll off of the rapidly-cooling semen trapped beneath him. He pulled a blanket over his shivering body, wondering if sleep would decide to visit him tonight. He would manage the sheets tomorrow, hopefully before Mrs. Hudson got to them; he couldn’t be bothered with washing them and decided he would just bin them. Start fresh.
just to conduct some sort of experiment, and—let’s not forget—you bloody tricked me into thinking I’d watched you die. Just so—what? I could publically grieve you? Lend more credence to your little play at being dead? How is that not the very definition of
“Is it really too much to ask, Sherlock?” John’s throat was raw and closing in on itself. “That you stop being dead? If anybody could do it, you could.”
John poked his head into the storage room to the side of the café. He spied some regular-sized towels and grabbed them. It was in everyone’s best interest that he and Sherlock avoid the little incident from this morning as much as possible.
When John returned home to his flat much later that afternoon, Mary was having a cup of tea at the kitchen table, lazily flipping through a magazine. She smiled at him as he entered. He had done a bit of washing up and recovery while Sherlock busied himself with the ghost case back at Baker Street, but he still felt a bit like a dusty shoe, worn and useless.
He smiles at you, the kind of look that tells you he already knows your answer to a question he has yet to ask and is thoroughly pleased with it. You grin back, and for a moment, the two of you simply smile at each other, the only two real people in the whole of the city. Or so it feels at the moment.
John glanced up at Sherlock. Sherlock’s gaze dropped to his shoes. It was hard for this not to sting a bit.
“Is everything to your liking?” Angelo asked, beaming smile spread wide across his face. “Ambiance proper? Temperature comfortable? Other patrons tolerable?”
Mary nodded. Her face was a mask again, but John could still detect traces of sadness around her eyes. She stood from the bed. “Come get me when the van gets here,” she said. “I’ll help you carry your things out.” With that, she was gone.
“Why become engaged to a woman you clearly don’t love,” Sherlock said, “a woman you can barely stand, a woman who means so little to you that you haven’t even noticed that she hasn’t called you in a day and a half? Why are you so eager to leave? Is living here in this flat with me so terrible that you’ll snatch up the first opportunity to flee that comes along?”
It’s him. The not-homeless man with the not-twisted lip. He’s sidled up next to you on the pavement, keeping pace despite the fact that those long legs could move him faster. He isn’t in his homeless get-up, but instead looks like he did on the Tube, with his posh suit and swirling overcoat. Those deep-sea eyes are on you again,
John nodded, finding that the lie was more helpful to his relationship than the truth ever would be and doing his best to cover up the flagging remains of what had been a stunning erection. He tripped into the bathroom and choke-cried into the sink and his subconscious must have gotten the hint because that was the only one of
Lestrade raised his glass in a cheers. “No worries, mate. I remember what those early months are like. Feels like your whole life revolves around some needy, whining, helpless mess.” He took a pull of his pint and chuckled. “Course. You’re probably used to that with Sherlock.”
.” He was smiling again, Sherlock could tell. John closed his laptop screen and the room was plunged into darkness. Sherlock felt as if the insides of him were soft and glowing.
Gilly considered. “I hadn’t quite made up my mind if I was going to kill the two of you or not,” she said. “You hadn’t quite given me a reason yet, although you were certainly barreling towards one that last night. I thought that being engaged to me might put a stop to your little advances towards Sherlock, but it seems I was wrong. As such,” Gilly’s gaze turned icy, “thank you for giving me a reason. The decision is
John shook his head. “No,” he said. “No I don’t.” His eyes narrowed, his anger starting to build back up on itself. “Why would I want to remember, Sherlock? That one night could have cost me my marriage—it still
Sherlock pushed himself up onto his hands, keeping a hard, pulsing rhythm with his hips. He stared down at John with a look John previously only saw reserved for particularly fascinating crimes—no-trace burglaries, indecipherable codes, locked-room murders. John could feel his chest flush just from the intensity of Sherlock’s gaze. His cock throbbed. He pressed up against Sherlock, needing more friction.
Sherlock said nothing. John could hear his knees scraping about in the other room. Sherlock was close enough that John knew that he heard.
” Sherlock said. “In case you’ve forgotten, John, we are attempting to catch a serial killer. I would venture to say that our endeavor is a bit more important than whatever tedious thing your
“I know I am somewhat out of practice in these matters,” Sherlock said, “ but I do believe that it is expected for individuals in romantic relationships to kiss each other. On occasion.”
Sherlock, of course, did not. That must be one of the six hours worth of memories that his brain chose not to retain. He frowned. He hated not knowing things.
He stared at the ocean that spread out in front of him. The clouds had cleared away to another lovely day. The ocean was a glittering blue and the land was that impossible green again, the black stone of the ruins standing out crisply against the lush grass. The seals were back on the beach, looking like floppy boulders from this distance. John could spy a few boats on the horizon, heading along the Dingle peninsula, most likely. The island was remarkably silent, and the only sounds he could hear were the rustling of the grass in the wind and the hiss of waves along the rocks. The din of sheep bleating in the field. Bleating bleating bleating.
was meant to be saying things like that when Sherlock quirked his finger upwards and grazed against his prostate and John was suddenly unable to speak altogether. His head tilted back and he made a sound he didn’t fully recognize and he could feel Sherlock grin against his skin, repeating the movement with enthusiasm.
“Sorry,” Gilly’s shoulders slumped. “I said I wouldn’t do that, didn’t I? I told you I trust you, and I meant it. If you say there’s nothing between you and Sherlock, I believe you.”
Sherlock twisted his arm, wrenching free from John’s grip. John’s fingers likely bruised him, but Sherlock didn’t flinch. John thought Sherlock might retreat, carry on down the path, but instead he stepped closer. His face was angry, daring.
), but it just sort of happened anyway. He caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s long torso as Sherlock stretched his arms towards the ceiling, yawning loudly. As promised, Sherlock was wearing pants, but only barely—the tight black fabric hardly dipping lower than his arse, clinging to each curve of his body. John swallowed and forced his eyes away from Sherlock’s arse, focusing instead on the long line of Sherlock’s—
John scratched at his head. He could feel his face grow warm. “Um,” he said. “No, actually. Guess you were right about that.”
You don’t care enough to ask him how he got it up there in the first place, but you find yourself wondering about it as you walk to your Tube stop after work. This is the sort of injury you’d expect from a two-year-old, someone who didn't yet have the sense not to stick foreign objects into their faces and who couldn’t yet work tweezers well enough to get it out themselves. You wonder if the man might be interested to learn that you once watched someone in your unit extract a piece of shrapnel from his own arm. And not a small one either. You cauterized the wound for him, and you can still smell his flesh burning if you think on it hard enough. Maybe if the man knew that, he would have gone for the tweezers himself. Or not shoved the bloody cap up his nose to begin with.
The couple dressed as a horse declined the prize in the box, which turned out to have been jewelry. They were now being offered a choice between the money and whatever was hidden behind a curtain. The couple grasped at each other, talking in hushed tones as the crowd screamed behind them.
“Of course,” John said, setting the photograph back on the bedside table. He considered how lucky he was that he and Mary didn’t become parents. No child to harbor ambivalent feelings towards him for being away. No sad school photograph to store next to his bed, filling him with guilt and regret. No need for further contact with Mary, to carefully communicate about football games and grades without strangling each other.
Words, whole paragraphs leapt to Sherlock’s mind, things he could say to John, very precise language he could use to explain to John just what Sherlock felt for him, exactly what that night had meant, how every moment since had been some strange sort of hell, save for the moments where John was there, smiling at him. The words stopped just at his lips.
Again, you are all awesome people and I am so thrilled you are even reading this thing that I can barely express it.
One of the Scandinavian women burst through the door of the café, looking flustered. “Excuse me,” she said, “but my friend slipped on a bit of grass just outside and hurt her ankle. She can’t stand on it and I can’t lift her.” The woman wrung her hands together. “Can you help her?”
“I suppose so,” John said, feeling himself start to fade into the darkness. It was a bit like sensory deprivation. He couldn’t see anything, and his skin almost seemed to blend into the blankets. He felt like he was floating in a sea of nothingness. It didn’t much matter if his eyes were open or closed, but he slid them closed anyway. Habit.
You’ve never been one for hard drugs yourself—seeing what the alcohol alone did to Harry was enough to keep you away from most of it—but you knew a bloke in the army who got himself mixed up in the stuff when he attempted uni. He talked to you about it once when there was nothing else to talk about. He described the highs—the calm happiness and the euphoria and the sense that nothing could ever be wrong in the world again—but he also described the lows. The withdrawal, the coming down. It was agony, he said. The shaking and the cramps and the way your brain twists in two, turning your thoughts to nightmares. He talked about the craving, the full-body hunger that felt as if the whole of your insides were eating themselves alive, crying out,
“I will devour you,” Sherlock said. “I will eat you alive.” The two were practically chest-to-chest now, John’s skin nearly bumping against Sherlock’s with each pound of his heart. Sherlock towered over him, skin glowing white, ravenous face carved out by the moon itself.
“Right,” John said, scrutinizing Sherlock for a moment before digging his hands into his hair and resuming his pacing. “I just didn’t think you...for
John stormed closer, feeling his hands clench themselves into fists. He had a whole host of things he wanted to say to Sherlock, in very loud and very clear terms. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he had no goddamn right to do any of the things he just did, even if they technically felt incredible. He wanted to tell Sherlock that he was dead bloody wrong about everything, that he must be some sort of simpering moron if he thought John was using him, was looking for some future wife, wanted anybody but him. He wanted to tell Sherlock that Sherlock was the bastard, the utter cunt, the one who lied, who abused, who left.
The rest of John’s ribs cracked open and he sprung forward, catching Sherlock’s mouth in his and kissing him with every damned thing he had in him. Sherlock made a surprised noise and then he was kissing back, his mouth wide and desperate against John’s. John clutched Sherlock’s face in his hands and kissed him as if his life depended on it, kissed him as if it was the only thing in the world he needed, kissed him as if it was to be their last, which John supposed it was. It had to be the last, it absolutely had to. This thing they shared would ruin him, would ruin the both of them. John was worried it already had.
John forced himself to laugh. “Yeah,” he said. In truth, he hadn’t seen very much of Sherlock as of late. As far as he knew, Sherlock still wasn’t taking on many cases and spent much of his time at Baker Street, in what Mrs. Hudson referred to as the
“None of the sheep mutilations occurred while there were tourists on the island,” Sherlock snapped. “I’ve
The man dropped his arms to his side and started charging towards them. His face was very red indeed, and his hands were fists.
“I’m not even asking about the kids and suburbs part,” John said. “That bit isn’t for everyone. It’s not even for me, I don’t think. But love? Is falling in love asinine as well?”
“No,” Mary said. “You were about to. You were partway through a little speech you hadn’t practiced when the man of the hour showed up. You never quite got to the proposal bit after all that.”
John swallowed. He could feel himself growing warm in Sherlock's arms. “So when you said…” he started. “The other night, when you said it was worth it…”
From inside, there’s a crash. Something breaking. Then the thump of bodies hitting the floor. Someone cries out, and you can't tell if it’s him or not but you’re through the window in a heartbeat, gun drawn.
thing Sherlock wanted. John writhed against his body, bowing backwards, trying like hell to catch Sherlock’s lips with his own. God he needed this.
Gilly said something into her napkin, something wet and sloppy that John couldn’t quite make out. He had a feeling that asking her to repeat herself in this state might be considered rude, so instead he reached over the table and grabbed at her forearm. She had once told him that physical touch was one of her love languages. Words of affirmation was another one of her love languages. As was acts of service. As was quality time. John considered that dating Gilly just might make him multilingual.
“Certainly all human beings experience emotion to some degree,” Sherlock said to the window. “It is a biological process, after all. I, however, have learned to rise above my more biologically basic processes in order to—”
gone home in a way. He chose not to dwell on that feeling, nor did he choose to get back into the cab and head over to Mary. Besides, at this point it was so late at night that it was technically morning, and John could see the hints of a sunrise peeking through the buildings. He was so tired that the steps up into the flat seemed insurmountable, and John was unsure he could make it up all of them.
John checked his mobile, half-afraid of what he might already find. He had barely spoken to Gilly at all the day prior, and hadn’t even sent her a text when he and Sherlock returned home to Baker Street. And then, of course, John had been otherwise occupied for the remainder of the night. He expected a flurry of texts and calls, turning from worried to infuriated, demanding answers for his silence.
Sherlock, John knew, loved to be peppered with questions, provided they were exclusively about his own brilliance. His dramatic sighs and exasperated looks at wide-eyed admirers were not particularly hard to see through.
“I’m not…” John was doing his best to resist Sherlock’s tugging at him, but he could only be so successful with just the one functioning foot. “Sherlock, I’m not sleeping in your bed.”
“No,” John said. “No. Let’s give it a go, I suppose.” Any attempts at seeming nonchalant were drastically undercut by the speed of his words. John took another sip of his nearly-empty tea, needing something for his mouth to do aside from smile.
You have follow-up questions. But before you can vocalize any of it the two of you have turned left, his billowing coat sweeping around you as he turns, and it almost seems like he’s a sort of sheepdog, guiding you where he’d like you to go. He doesn’t answer the question you didn’t ask. The two of you lapse into silence.
If Mary did choose to show a little mercy and let John stay, there was the question of Sherlock. Surely, Mary wouldn’t allow Sherlock to be a part of John’s life anymore—that was a certainty. This constituted the best-case scenario that John was facing, but it made him feel as if someone cracked him open with a bone saw and took out his organs one by one.
Sherlock tipped forward, lowering John back onto the bed. Sherlock slid down on top of him, stretching out his aching legs. For a moment, they stayed just like that—pressed close together, Sherlock still inside of John and moving in small, pulsing strokes, teasing at each other’s lips and breathing, just breathing. Sherlock felt like an object about to burst, something that had been filled to capacity and now the seams were starting to split. He stroked at John’s face, pushing his sweat-matted hair off his forehead. John smiled up at him and Sherlock was sure he heard seams pop. Slowly, Sherlock withdrew, kissing the little gasp out of John’s mouth. Sherlock slipped off the condom, tossed it somewhere. He would manage all that later, much later. He collapsed at John’s side, not caring about the mess on his chest that spread onto the sheets. John shifted, facing him, and Sherlock draped an arm around him, tracing along John’s side with his fingers. John wrapped a palm around the nape of Sherlock’s neck, tugging their foreheads together and pressing the lightest of kisses to Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock wondered if anybody had ever died from feeling so much for one person or if he would be the first.
John carried his dripping clothes downstairs. He would start a fire, he supposed, and find some way of hanging his clothes nearby. Dry them out, so they didn’t get mildew. However, when he stepped off the stairs he noticed that Sherlock had already made a fire. He had also lit all the candles, John realized. The room was bathed in a flickering, orange glow.
“American game show,” Sherlock said. “You are presented with three doors, behind one of which is a prize, two of which are goats. You are asked to pick a door, and then—”
“Yes,” the man said, folding up the map on which Baker Street was almost certainly listed. “Yes, I believe it is. Do you know how to get there from here?”
Then Sherlock grabbed at John’s hair and tugged his head back and his cock drove deeper inside than John thought possible and John knew that he couldn’t last much longer, whether he touched himself or not. Pressure was building, barreling towards release, roiling and glorious. The whole of John’s body was sparking now and it wouldn’t be long before everything was ablaze.
You smile. You kiss him, but you’ve barely the energy for all of that anymore. You slide off him and nestle yourself at his side, wrapping an arm around him and pulling him in as tight as you can manage. You can feel the both of you drifting.
The man at the front of the boat turned and scrutinized John with cold eyes. John remembered Sherlock saying that the Taibhse Brothers weren’t actually brothers, but they looked as if they could have been. The man in front was shorter and leaner than the man behind John, but they both had shaved heads, sharp features, and the hard lines of a dangerous anger in their jaws.
. He tried to see as much of Sherlock as he could while he lived with Mary, and God knows they certainly saw each other quite a bit during the business of planning the wedding, but it wasn’t the same. John felt as if he barely saw Sherlock at all during those abysmal six months he attempted to be married, as he and Mary slowly discovered all the differences between them, the differences that helped John fully comprehend the term “irretrievable.” Mary, of course, would have disagreed. Mary would have said John spent plenty of time with Sherlock.
Sherlock stepped across the coffee table and onto the sofa where John sat. He plopped down on the sofa, legs briefly splaying out in front of him. John bounced slightly from the sudden addition of weight on the sofa, and found himself sliding towards Sherlock. Their thighs were nearly pressed together. Sherlock peered at the journal over John’s shoulder.
“I know you do,” John said. He smiled up at Sherlock, touched in a way he didn’t quite understand. Then he realized that he was on his knees in front of the man, grinning up at him like some arsehole, still cradling his arm in both hands for absolutely no reason. He cleared his throat and looked back down at Sherlock’s arm. He peeled the wrapper off a bandage.
There—just left of the center of Sherlock’s chest—was the little round scar from Mary’s bullet. John felt everything in his body grow cold.
only. Knowledge. Wisdom. Tips.” He rolls his eyes. “They strongly discourage me from performing any investigations in an official capacity without a member of Scotland Yard present. But in order to obtain information, one
, and there’s a bloody corpse right there and he could have bent you over and fucked you right against the wall and you would have come all over the bloody crime scene and it would have been worth it in the end because he loves you. There is a rightness to it, a feeling that the both of you have managed to find each other in exactly the place you’re meant to be, wildly in love and snogging like mad in a room with a dead bank robber on the floor. You have a feeling that this—out of all of it,
Lestrade frowned. “I managed to convince him to take on one or two. I tried to bring him some easy ones. Ones he could solve from the flat. You know, increase his confidence or what-have-you. He saw right through that, of course.”
In retrospect, he shouldn’t have listened when Sherlock told him to stay where he was on the pavement across from the hospital. He should have rushed towards the building, found a way onto the roof, dragged Sherlock back from that ledge, wrapped his arms around him and never let go. He should have tried harder to save him, much harder.
stuff.” He positioned a nail over the board and readied his hammer. He glanced up at Fitz again. “Not even with Mary.”
“Sherlock,” John said. He twisted again in Sherlock’s grip, but Sherlock held him tight. “Sherlock, if I had known. If I had known what you did, why you did it…”
Sherlock fell face-first back onto the mattress. He made a groaning noise that sounded like a protest, but John seemed to have a bit of a point. The world was still spinning while he was down, but at least he had some sort of an anchor. The room bobbed like a boat on rough waters.
” John shouted, and then he was on him, his hand wrapped so tight around Sherlock’s arm he was certain to leave a bruise. He sank the full weight of his body backwards, planting his arse on the wet ground and sinking his heels into the dirt, bracing himself. He tugged at Sherlock’s body with all his might. If Sherlock tipped off this cliff, by God, John was coming with him.
“Mary,” John said. He set his tea firmly down on the table, met her eyes. “I am with you. Okay? Not Sherlock. You. You are the person I proposed to. You are the person I am set to marry.” He gave her a stiff nod. “Okay?”
“I made a vow, Sherlock,” John said. “I made a vow to Mary. I stood before God and everyone and swore that I would stay by her side. Until death does us part.”
and just the thought of that is enough to pull another moan from your mouth and make your cock twitch. You hear him chuckle behind you and you go to choke out some command, something like
Since John found out about Mary and her questionable past, his frustration tolerance was at an all-time low, and it was never particularly high to begin with. The majority of his vocalizations were tinged with directionless venom, his quiet footsteps were replaced with stomps down the hallway, and he had already broken three teacups just by slamming them down too hard. Mrs. Hudson kept a wide berth. Sherlock’s own frustration tolerance was a bit low as of late, due mainly to high levels of pain and low levels of morphine. It was an ill-advised combination. Fortunately, John stoked his anger by lapsing into a stony silence, and talking was on the long list of activities that caused Sherlock pain (
“This is about me going on cases with him?” John asked. “Complaining about the pig’s blood? Forgetting to call you? I apologized for those things, Mary, and if you had just told me that you wanted me to…” but he couldn’t quite finish that sentence, because even if Mary had asked him, had
“Great,” John said. Sherlock could practically see John’s brain shift as it incorporated this new information. “So. You remember?”
“Yeah,” John said. “You do.” He turned back towards Mary, squaring his shoulders. It was time. “But I owe you an apology too.”
Sherlock huffed out a small laugh that wasn’t quite a laugh. “Thanks to me,” he said. He ran his thumb over John’s knuckles. John considered that after Sherlock unwrapped his fingers from John’s hand, he might never feel Sherlock’s hands on him again. He tightened his grip on Sherlock. God, he wasn’t ready to let go.
John was worried about him. John wasn’t alone, either—it seemed everyone had taken up the hobby of being worried about Sherlock these days. Mrs. Hudson was worried, Molly was worried, Lestrade was worried. Sherlock reasoned that Lestrade had the biggest reason to be worried—Sherlock hadn’t taken on any cases as of late and, as a result, Lestrade’s career would suffer. Sherlock hoped the whole ordeal would teach Lestrade that he ought to be a more competent detective inspector and not rely on Sherlock all the bloody time. Sherlock wished, more than nearly anything else, to be left alone.
“Um,” John said. “We’re going into town for a bit today. Sherlock thinks that the killer will watch us for a bit, then go back to the cottage and dismantle the locks.”
He’s a typical-looking sort of fellow. He’s wearing an oversized jumper and has a knit cap pulled low over his head. After-work crowd—manual labor, most likely. He’s wearing those sort of glasses that turn to sunglasses when they go outside, but they haven’t fully changed back into glasses yet, covering his eyes with a light tint. His gaze is fixed on the telly as he drinks his beer.
John stepped back, his inspection apparently complete. He carried on staring at Sherlock, arms at his sides. Sherlock carried on staring back. The two of them said nothing. Nothing, of course, needed to be said. The thing that lay between them, the thing that had lain between them for ages now—large and solid and clear as a concrete fact—had transcended words. To speak of it was to stand outside in the middle of a hurricane and state that it was raining, to look upon a disemboweled corpse and declare him murdered. Some facts are too obvious to state and this—this truth of what they were to each other—was now one of them.
“It’s a sham,” Sherlock said, gesturing wildly. “It looks to the world as if the dolphin has made the fisherman his best friend, but the truth of the matter is that if the fisherman died the dolphin would only mourn the lack of fish.”
Before you can think of a response, he’s kissing you and this, you realize, is the answer. It’s a lightbulb moment, a sort of
“If I get to three,” John said, “I’ll take the gun from you by force. I don’t think either of us want that.”
“We didn’t want to close up, even temporarily,” Claire said. “The tours are our livelihood, and seeing as we can only get folks out to the Island between May and October, every ticket helps. But...with the sheep…”
Sherlock ignored him. “Something pulled him back after he got married. Maybe he needed the money. Maybe he owed someone a favor. Maybe he missed it—the excitement, the dirty joy of
“I told the cabbie it was stage blood,” John said, peeling his jacket off of himself with care. “Said I was rehearsing a play. And of course the bloody arsehole did all this in the
Sherlock nodded. “My sources think they know where she’s hiding out,” he said. “Stand by for more information.”
Sherlock lifted himself out of bed. He found his trousers and pulled them onto himself. The fabric pulled and stuck to his tacky skin. He didn’t care. He moved down the silent hallway and into the empty kitchen.
Sherlock frowned. “That simply won’t do.” He pushed John onto his back, nudging his legs apart and crawling between his thighs.
John’s brain reminded him that he hadn’t breathed in quite some time and spots were starting to dance behind his eyes. He sucked in a breath of air and with it came the scent of Sherlock, strong and close and
“Bossy,” John whispered, biting at Sherlock’s arsecheek. But he had his fingers out and his cock slicked up in seconds, Sherlock reaching behind to grasp at him all the while. When he slipped inside, Sherlock made a sound like he had been punched in the gut and his arms gave out. His chest fell forward onto the bed, open mouth pressed into the mattress, and John gripped at his hips as he moved slowly, slowly.
Mary said nothing. She didn’t move. She seemed to be partway back to sleep before John even left the room.
“I see that,” John said, watching a pair of trousers slide off Sherlock’s bed and onto the floor. “What I meant was…”
Sherlock made a little humming noise. “You plant your roots in precarious places,” he said, “but you plant them strong.”
“If it hadn’t been for Mary,” John asked, “if I hadn’t been with anyone, would you have said something? Would you have told me what you wanted?”
“I had two fingers in me,” John said. Breathing was getting to be a challenge. He was nearly panting, but still wasn’t getting enough air. His hand ran up his cock. He didn’t seem to have very much control over it at the moment. “I was bent over the sink. Fucking myself. Wishing it was you fucking me.”
.” John’s entire body shuddered and his hips started moving again, grinding against Sherlock’s hand. “That. Again. That.
Sherlock peeks his head around the corner, looking for Black Jacket. “Who was it that you think hired me?” he asks. “Coast is clear, by the way.” He pops out of the alley and continues down the street as if the two of you were not nearly caught spying on a notorious bank robber.
John tried to say something, something he hadn’t fully planned out. Something like an excuse or an apology or some lie about how he was fine, it was just a nightmare. What came out sounded a bit more like a strangled whimper than actual words. John thought he might have heard something like Sherlock’s name in the sound, but he couldn’t be sure.
Sherlock would say something about the bloody dolphin, John knew. He would talk about conditioned responses, how living beings only tether themselves together because they get something out of it—food, shelter, affection. Sherlock would argue that this, what they were doing, was all reinforced behavior, a sort of call-and-response, and once the reward was gone the faux connection would vanish just as quickly as it began. Just a trick, a magic trick. Sherlock would prattle on and on about all of it but John couldn’t care in the slightest because he was absolutely, undoubtedly, and wholeheartedly in love with this man and no amount of behavioral psychobabble would ever dissuade him from something he already knew.
Sherlock could not have left the wedding fast enough. He nearly sprinted out of the hall, bumping into a few disgruntled guests as he went and possibly knocking over a small child. It was still difficult to breathe once he was outside, despite the cool air and the blessed lack of
“I’m heading back,” Sherlock said. “I’ll have Darren take me straightaway. Keep your eye on the horizon. For
John lifted his tea in the air as Sherlock—busy pacing along the sofa—stepped directly over John’s lap. Sherlock reached the end of the sofa and popped back onto the floor, drifting into the kitchen to do nothing in particular. John lowered his tea and turned a page.
John took another bite of rice. His body reminded him that it had been bereft of food for quite some time and was a bit more interested in remedying that situation than focusing on murdered sheep. The photographs, as it turned out, weren't slowing him down one bit. “Maybe he doesn’t like sheep,” John said.
Lestrade's face turned an unprecedented shade of red. He dropped his palm back to his side. “Nothing,” he said. “I was just…” he swallowed, “wondering.” Then he patted John on the back and pretended to take a phone call.
Mary knocked on his office door, disturbing him from his between-patients activity of staring off into space.
Sherlock pulled John upright, shifting back onto his heels and guiding John down onto his cock. They were wrapped up against each other and John could feel Sherlock’s heart pounding through his ribcage. It felt as if it was shaking the whole of his body.
“Everything about you does,” Sherlock said. He slid his hands over John’s chest. “Your body temperature has increased slightly since I’ve come to bed.” He licked at John’s neck. “Your skin is starting to taste salty from your sweat.” He placed a palm over the center of John’s chest. “Your heartbeat has increased significantly, as has your breathing rate.” He lifted a hand higher on John’s chest, over his collarbone. “You have a slight flush to your skin.” He nuzzled against John’s neck. “I wish I could see it. You look so lovely when you’re aroused.”
“...would have needed false papers,” Sherlock finished, apparently through waiting for John to figure it out on his own.
Of course Mary would pick somewhere unpleasant to run to, John thought. She couldn’t see it in herself to make this easy on him in any way, now could she?
“Sherlock,” John said. His hand rubbed along Sherlock’s back, firm and comforting. “I’m not upset anymore.”
“Hey,” he panted, finally reaching Sherlock’s side. “Do you mind letting me in on some of this? They found the flash drive, then? Inside Lucy?”
John started again, but Sherlock wasn’t listening anymore. He dropped the stack of mutilated sheep onto the coffee table and swept the duffel into his arms in a flourish, darting up the stairs.
watch the bloody sheep,” John growled. “All sheep on the island have their guts still on the inside. You’re bloody welcome.”
They breathed together, slow and disjointed, Sherlock wrapped around John as if John might be blown away were he to let go. Eventually he stilled, his breathing slow and even against John’s hair. He loosened his grip on John’s fingers, albeit only slightly.
“Well,” said John. “I also happen to be playing nursemaid at the moment. To—I might add—one of the most unbelievably infantile patients I’ve ever—”
With the chill of the wind nipping at his skin, the last thing John wanted at the moment was a swim. Still, the view was pleasant, and the breeze brought in the thick smell of seawater that reminded John of childhood holidays. The waves hissed and sloshed as they splashed against the boulders that lined the shore.
Sherlock complied, and John re-centered the bag of peas over his temple. The bag had grown a bit soggy, and water was starting to seep through the flannel, wetting Sherlock’s hair along the edges. “He went after you, then?”
him move, they were moving together. John was buoyant, he floated. He brought Sherlock along, pulling him upwards, carrying him out of the depths of the water, closer to the light. John always brings him closer to the light, it’s what John does. Sherlock didn’t have eyes yet but he could still see it somehow—the light shining off John—and it was piercing and white and blinding and drawing him closer and closer and closer. There was so much light up there on the surface, and oxygen. Too much oxygen, and Sherlock didn’t know if he could breathe yet. It might hurt. But John was taking him to the surface and Sherlock was ready to feel something.
Rosie wailed and John lifted her out of her crib, making little cooing noises. It didn’t change much, but John at least felt as if he were trying to do something about the situation. He sang her name softly to her.
It was hard to picture Sherlock on his own in the wilderness, roughing it like some sort of lumberjack. John wondered just how much time Sherlock spent out in the elements, and for what purpose. Was he searching for someone, some piddling fly in Moriarty’s web that had disappeared into the woods? Or was he hiding from someone, a vengeful spider out for blood, not afraid to crawl through the trees to find him. What other sorts of survival skills did Sherlock find it necessary to acquire in his time away? And more importantly, what did he feel the need to do with this knowledge now? Was it meant to sit in the back of his Mind Palace, growing dust? Or did he plan to use it in the near future—the next time he needed to disappear, to leave London permanently?
Mary crossed behind him, bringing her barely-drunk half-caffeinated tea to the sink. “Sherlock in a relationship.” She shook her head. “With a woman.” She laughed again, and John wondered what it was about this situation that Mary seemed to find so bloody hilarious. “You
As Sherlock predicted, John’s voice was soft and slow, a lullaby of sorts. Sherlock could feel his thoughts grow murky, as if surrounded on all sides by a soft fog. He slipped his eyes closed and rolled closer to John, his forehead just nudging at the groove of John’s hip. “You left out the bit where I learned that the criminal lived in Soho just by the pattern of dirt on the car,” he said.
John started down the hill and towards their cottage. Sherlock was likely back inside, staring at his wall of dead sheep or poking around something or other in the café. It would have been nice if Sherlock had the decency to wake John before returning to the cottage instead of leaving him asleep in a field by himself but...that was Sherlock for you.
Sherlock tossed the box of condoms onto the bed, settling back down beside John. “It would seem the list of things for which we owe her thanks is getting quite large,” he said. “I am starting to wonder if a gift is in order. Flowers, perhaps.”
“Why’ve you got all this?” John asked, laughing as he pulled what appeared to be a spare necktie from Sherlock’s pocket.
They were a bit uncoordinated as they made their way back to the bedroom, but John managed to wrest Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders and push him face-first onto the bed. John grabbed at Sherlock’s hips, hitching him up until he was on his hands and knees.
Mary walked into the bedroom just as John was packing the last of his clothes that barely reminded him of Sherlock into a depressingly small number of boxes. She sat on the bed that used to be theirs, the one John hadn’t slept in after he had taken the out, choosing the sofa over Mary’s left side.
“Careful,” John mumbled as Sherlock pressed the bandage to John’s skin. His voice was foggy, and he didn’t seem to be talking to Sherlock specifically anymore.
“It doesn’t have to be,” Sherlock said. “We just need our sheep-murderer to think it is. He is still driven to come back to the island and attack the sheep, that much is clear. But now he knows he doesn’t have a space to hide out anymore. He’ll have to become more bold, more risky. And risky criminals get caught.”
” he shouted at the man, but of course the man didn’t slow down, darting up the hill and disappearing down the other side. John raced up the hill, his legs burning and his knee yelping at the rapid return to action.
“It’s just that clothes are uncomfortable,” Sherlock said. “To sleep in, that is. Too warm. Constricting. And so I thought...since you’ve…” he waved a hand down at himself, “you know.
Mrs. Hudson cleared her throat and moved towards John. She had a large manila envelope in her hand. “This came for you, love,” she said, her eyes darting to the floor as she handed the parcel to him.
“Killing him gave you a taste for it,” Sherlock said. “And a mission. A righteous crusade, in a way.”
“The long and short of it is,” Sherlock said, “that I love you too. I always have, and I always will.”
“No,” Sherlock said, fishing through the first aid kit. “No. I can… No.” He fumbled open the saline, located the gauze, pulled a pair of rubber gloves over his hands.
“I usually try to roll the sheep in a tarp, bring it back to the mainland,” Darren said to John as they trekked down the field. “But I might hold off for now. Conor.”
“But he can’t dock that boat at the main harbor,” Sherlock said. “Not when Declan was here. Not when the O’Sullivans were here. Not when the tours were here. Not now that we’re here. The guest cottages face the harbor. He’d be spotted before he even made it to the first batch of ruins. No, our werewolf needs an alternative location to enter the island.”
“One year,” John said. “We couldn’t even make it one bloody year.” He looked up at Sherlock, who seemed uncertain about what to do with the eye contact.
“You did quite a bit for me as well,” Sherlock said. “I’d never had a friend—not really, that is—before you.”
“Are you actually interested in the answer?” John asked. “Or are you just bothered by not knowing something?”
John smiled, and a little flicker of pain nudged at him. He dropped his eyes from the sky. “That was the night you knocked the limp out of me,” he said. “My bloody therapist couldn’t do that in four months, and you did it in one night.”
“I know,” Sherlock said, unsteady hand still moving across John’s face. “I know. I needed to try. I needed to get to you. I…” He collapsed again, his forehead landing against John’s shoulder this time. “Why didn’t you
is subjective.” She turned to John again. “If you’re squeamish,” she said, “I suggest looking away from him. Things are about to get a smidge bloody on this side of the bed.”
“So what do we do?” Darren asked as he started the engine on the boat and began steering it out of the cave.
His jaw was tight. He had hoped that this would be cathartic, this visit. He was planning to propose to Mary soon. Next week, likely. He made dinner reservations at The Landmark and everything. He was moving on. Goddamnit, he was moving on. There was absolutely no reason for his throat to be on fire, for his eyes to be burning.
my arse,” Gilly said, blowing her nose noisily into a napkin. “I knew it was only a matter of time before the two of you…”
When they separated, John gazed up at Sherlock, unable to keep the smile off his face. He hoped that Sherlock would just think him to be acting, playing the part of the doting boyfriend instead of the truth—that he was far too awful of an actor to possibly fake how gone he was at the moment, how wonderful it felt to have Sherlock’s lips on his. Sherlock blinked down at John and John took an ounce of solace in the fact that Sherlock seemed just a touch too surprised to be fully faking his own smile.
Mary had been quietly reading a novel on their sofa. She glanced up reluctantly, as if she doubted whatever John had to say would be more interesting than her book. However, she did manage to raise an eyebrow at John’s blood-splattered shirt and jacket.
“And when you were shot,” John continued. “When you were laying in your own blood, fading out and dead, why did you come back?”
Sherlock figured there was a sixty-percent chance he was in a bed. His bed, probably. Those weren’t terrible odds, all things considered.
John was moaning around him, the vibrations echoing through his shaft, through his bollocks, down into the very center of him. John’s movements were wild and frenzied and just beyond Sherlock’s comprehension. Sherlock was starting to dip into the nothingness, losing contact with reality. He was vaguely aware that he was shaking. He was vaguely aware that he had tightened the grip he had on John, his legs clenching around John’s shoulders, his hands tearing at John’s hair. He was vaguely aware that the sound coming out of him might have been John’s name, over and over and over. He was most keenly aware of the oncoming explosion, the detonation that would wipe out all around them with little to no warning, like the bombs from earlier this evening. He tried to collect his wits and warn John but it was too late, too late. The bomb ticked to zero and the flame sparked and the room erupted in a plume and Sherlock was coming, coming hard against John, into John’s mouth, spilling over John’s lips and down his shaft, along John’s hand. John stayed on him all the while, swallowing and licking and planting wet kisses across Sherlock’s cock, onto his bollocks, into the crease of his thighs, only pulling away once Sherlock twitched and whimpered, near comatose underneath him.
John shook his head. “Absolutely not,” he whispered. “If you insist on charging headfirst at a serial killer, I am coming with you.”
“Sorry,” Gilly said, not seeming very sorry at all. “Not very much to be done about that, I’m afraid.” She twirled her knife in her hand. “I have to say, I’m feeling a bit smug at the moment. The great Sherlock Holmes never once suspected me to be the killer. Not even for a second.”
John’s free hand came to rest on the side of Sherlock’s face, fingers grazing skin, transmitting energy. His fingertips brushed against the pili-like stubble darkening Sherlock’s cheek, binding him to the surface, facilitating movement. Cells move, Sherlock thought, when it is time to feed, when absorbing molecules from the surrounding atmosphere no longer satisfies, when one must find an unassuming life on which to prey. Cells move then, to consume. They move slow and without a plan, but they move. John ran his thumb over Sherlock’s lips, slightly parted. Sherlock’s tongue sludged forward, nudging at the pad of John’s finger. He tasted like salt and life and meat. Sherlock was
The darkness seemed to be intensifying by the second, and John had to focus quite a bit on keeping the light on the path in front of him, not wishing to trip over a bit of ruins and go careening down the hill. He could just barely make out the little white puffs of sheep across the field in front of him, let alone any shape that could have been Sherlock. He understood why Claire encouraged the two of them to let the daylight dictate their work hours; getting anything accomplished in this darkness seemed impossible.
Sherlock pressed his lips against John’s hair, the wild strands tickling at his nose. “I would be very interested in hearing about this dream of yours, John,” he said. He let his hand slip lower on John’s back, sliding just over the curve of his arse. “Was it anything like what we did last night?”
You swallow. You clear your throat. You do your absolute best to save face. “So,” you ask, twirling your fingers around the rim of your glass, “why were you following that man the other day? The one in the black jacket? The one you said you were hoping would rob a bank?”
“What’s the business with the organs?” John asked, doing his best to swat the flies away from his face.
Back at the café, Claire had gathered up Conor and the few things the family had brought to the island, looking more than ready to leave. Conor seemed to have calmed down since discovering the sheep carcass, and Fitz was back to sniffing for rabbits nearby. John found himself envying the resilience of youth. Sherlock caught up with them, apparently finished photographing the dead sheep.
John felt something stinging in the back of his throat. Sherlock held his gaze for a moment longer, his eyes showing hints of an emotion John couldn’t quite read through the darkness, before turning his head back to the ceiling.
“You’re clearly in discomfort,” Sherlock said. “And your obligation to the medical field will not permit you to return to your bed upstairs while your compromised flatmate remains in a slightly altered state, so you will insist upon staying down here until morning. Laying on a bed is much more comfortable than being propped up against the wall with your neck at a ninety-degree angle.”
John walked back to where Sherlock stood. “Yeah,” he said. “Neat, the way it...” he gestured with a finger, “curves at the top like that.”
John slipped his hand from Sherlock’s, returning it to the mattress. “Only if you don’t know how to throw a proper punch,” he said. He gestured towards the bed. “Lie back down.”
“They’ve had a full week and have made so little progress they’ve practically moved backwards. No, we’ll have much better luck if we go it alone.”
“Mid-forties, as we know,” Sherlock said. “Undereducated. Likely came from a tumultuous family life, had to leave school to find work early in life.”
Mary poured her tea into the sink, rinsing out the cup. “I wasn’t worried or anything,” she said. “I mean, it’s
“Good,” John said, and sank into Sherlock’s mouth again. His hips settled onto Sherlock’s, straddling him just at the groin. Their chests were pressed together and he could feel Sherlock’s heart hammering against his. Sherlock’s fingers dug into his back and he was kissing John as if he wished to crawl inside him somehow and John would have bloody well let him. He could feel Sherlock’s cock, wet and warm and still a bit plump, settle just at his arse, the soft skin barely grazing against his hole, and without warning the ache was back, that need that seemed to start in the core of him and emanate outward, throbbing to his very fingertips. He rolled his hips against Sherlock’s cock ever so slightly, feeling skin brush against skin, and heard a moan escape his lips before he could help it. His cock was resting against Sherlock’s stomach and was harder than anything, leaking precome onto Sherlock’s slick skin. John rocked his hips forward again, the movement just out of his control. His erection slid against Sherlock’s skin and Sherlock’s cock nudged against John’s arse and it might be enough, he thought. It might be enough to make him come just like that. He moved himself against Sherlock, his body pulsing, losing the rhythm of his lips against Sherlock’s.
bed this time. He reminded his body that he needed to go look for Sherlock. There was a sheep-killer on the island, some werewolf. It was best that they stick together.
Sherlock frowned. He didn’t mind the scars on John’s body, little mementos of the life he allegedly lived before Sherlock, but Sherlock wasn’t particularly keen on having this moment turn into a scar, this day where John nearly got his leg sliced off coming to Sherlock’s rescue and Sherlock nearly had a panic attack in their loo, practically incapable of helping John in any manner. No, Sherlock certainly did not want this memory etched forever on John’s skin. He pulled at the excess suture and sunk the needle back into John at a diagonal, working his way along the cut.
Sherlock ought to have known that there was something wrong the moment he and John stepped into the warehouse.
John fumbled for his mobile, feeling like more than a bit of an arsehole and not particularly sure why. He checked his messages and, indeed, Gilly sent him several texts already this morning.
John sat down in his chair across from the two of them, watching the scene with fascination. Never in his life would he have imagined witnessing Sherlock Holmes cuddle his daughter to sleep. For a moment, he wondered if he hadn’t nodded off and was simply dreaming the whole thing.
“Right,” John said, returning to the food. Sherlock had gotten them three boxes of Jaffa cakes. “Of course you can.”
Once at the park, Rosie tugged them along to her favorite playground and immediately darted towards the climbing equipment, her little feet kicking up dirt behind her as she ran. John and Sherlock found a bench to sit at while they watched her play.
“Philistines,” Sherlock said. He closed out of the browser and snapped the lid to John’s laptop shut with a swift hand.
“Hanging in there?” the skipper called over his shoulder at John as the boat performed an apparent freefall off the crest of a wave and slammed onto the sheet of water below.
John crept back over to Sherlock, taking care to point the gun away from him. He crouched at the other side of the window, listening.
Sherlock seemed giddy. “Do you know how many possibilities this eliminates, John? She has reduced our list of potential travel options by half.”
Hugh’s car was barely down the driveway when Sherlock dropped his hand from John and strode inside, the door slamming behind him. John took several deep breaths and followed Sherlock inside.
With the tiniest swish of his wrist, Sherlock dipped the needle into John’s skin. John bit off a curse, his hands tightening on the toilet lid.
When Sherlock went to procure his usual solution from that Wiggins chap at a time that could either have been late last night or four weeks ago (time was tricky, another possible illusion), Wiggins had given him a baggie of a different substance instead.
John turned, staring out the window to blink away his angry tears in peace. “Whatever you want,” he said, his voice a bit more gravelly than he would like. “It’s always whatever you want, Sherlock.” When he swallowed, it felt like knives were in his throat.
“No one around to see you touch yourself,” Sherlock said. His voice was quiet, but his and John’s faces were quite close to each other now so it was no matter.
” John was jittery and disoriented, still not fully comprehending all that had just come to pass but desperately needing his hands free so that he could touch Sherlock. He badly needed to feel Sherlock’s living body at the moment.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at Mrs. Hudson as she disappeared back down the stairs. “My inclination is that if we were to search her flat we would discover a veritable arsenal,” he said.
Sounds were unreal, coming and going seemingly at random. It took Sherlock’s brain ages to process the actual existence of noise, and even then he couldn’t be sure if he heard any of it or if it was just in his head. There were coughs and moans and sirens and occasionally someone vomiting—meaningless, all of it. Whether these noises existed or not was inconsequential. Once he thought he heard Molly explaining to him the potential chemical properties in the concoction Wiggins sold him. He waved her away. She was in his head, and he didn’t much care what she had to say. Mycroft’s image popped by to say something condescending and unhelpful. Sherlock sent him off with a string of profanity that in retrospect he might have said out loud. Earlier in the night (or later in the morning), two of the tenants of this particular room got into a slow, slurring version of an altercation that consisted largely of them coughing out various insults and empty promises for violence at each other from their respective mattresses. It had taken Sherlock quite a while to realize that the sounds were happening in reality and not in some flickering corner of his own mind and even longer to realize that the sounds were irritating.
Sherlock murmured, kissing at John’s fingers. “The scar just over your knuckles is from a fight as well, is it not?” He mouthed at a tiny white line near the base of John’s middle finger. “When you were young?”
“Did you have fun?” Mary asked. “With Sherlock? Out on that case? Were you happy?” Her words were nice enough, but there was something in her question that sounded a bit accusatory.
John could feel his body growing warm. His throat was heavy, closing in on itself. “What would you do?” he asked.
The flat was dark and cold when they returned. Mrs. Hudson had long since gone to bed, and everything was silent. Sherlock flipped on a single light and set to what appeared to be purposeless pacing. He seemed to have run out of things to say to John, and John also found himself at a loss for what to say to Sherlock at the moment.
“No,” Sherlock said, because his eyes were closed and he could see John perfectly well like this. The song was gone and John was here and everything, for the moment, was wonderful and there was absolutely no reason to panic.
He stills, and some mix between a gasp and a grunt leaves his mouth. Your eyes are half-closed and you can’t fully see him but he’s looking down at you, you can tell. Then his hand is on your arse, pulling you open. Inspecting. You moan and he hasn’t even done anything yet. His hand lifts off you and you hear a wet sucking sound. Fingers in mouth. When he works that first finger in you, your knees shudder.
All along the walls of the sitting room, hanging over the fireplace and the sofas and even part of the window, were the photographs of the mutilated sheep. The candlelight flickered over their glossy sheen, perfectly illuminating the gore for all to see.
“I want this,” John gasped. His hips were rutting against Sherlock’s leg. He had no control over any of it. “More than anything.”
If Sherlock slept, it was a blank, dreamless sleep. It felt a bit more like his brain retired completely, taking time away from collecting any new data or consolidating any old data. Sherlock simply stopped, his body doing little else besides carrying on with the basic processes of life. Lungs expanding slowly and blood creeping through veins. That sort of thing.
He moves much faster than you do, those long legs sending him through the square at a mad pace, weaving through people with such grace that it almost seems as if he knew exactly where they’d be. He also has the advantage of knowing where he’s going, a little tidbit he hasn’t yet found necessary to let you in on, so you find yourself trailing perpetually behind and ever so slightly winded.
John ignored him. “Why are you always saving me?” he asked. “After all this time, why are you still always saving me?”
Sherlock moved ever so slightly closer to John, their arms separated by the barest sliver of space. John closed the distance, pressing the smallest amount of weight against Sherlock, at least partially expecting Sherlock to withdraw. He didn’t.
“And you know full well,” John said, “that isn’t happening. I can get you another ice pack. Would that help?”
“I have already expressed,” Sherlock said, “that there is no need to talk about this. Despite your assertions to the contrary, I am well-versed enough in relationships to understand what I overheard this morning. The point of confusion, it would appear, is that you seem to think I ought to
“Nobody in this city sees the homeless,” he says. “Donning a tattered jumper and placing a cup in front of you carries the same power as an invisibility cloak. One can observe a person for hours on end and never be noticed by a single soul.” He shoots a glance at you. “Well.
John chose not to mention the fact that Rosie was now fast asleep and his sole reason for being awake at half-three was simply that he wasn’t yet done talking to Sherlock.
“I was just checking in on you two,” Hugh said. “Did you enjoy your trip to town? Get what you needed?”
“Mmm?” John fidgeted slightly in the bed, not fully awake. He nestled into his pillow, determined to remain not fully awake for the foreseeable future.
John moved closer to the map. Featured prominently on the map was a skinny island, a diagonal slash across the sea. “
“Your ankle,” Sherlock said. “I’m glad it’s a sprain. Just a sprain, that is.” Words didn’t seem to be leaving his mouth in a helpful order. He regrouped. Tried again. “I’m glad your ankle isn’t broken.”
Sherlock heaved the door open and was outside in a single step, hugging the outer walls of the house but moving quickly. He plunged towards the bushes, heading directly for the spot where the two last heard the movement. John cursed, following behind as closely as he could.
The window opened halfway and a small duffel bag was tossed outside. Then John saw a leg—Mary’s leg—swing through the opening.
He didn’t want to think about Mary’s reaction, what she might do. She was likely to cry. She would definitely yell. She would feel shocked, betrayed. She’d have a right to. Sherlock was her friend too, of course. At least, she said he was. But, John reminded himself, she also shot him once. He couldn’t imagine what she might do after discovering
Sherlock looked at him for one second, scrutinizing. Then he gave a tight nod. “To the front door,” he said. “It’s unlikely we’ll be able to exit the cottage without him noticing, so we’ll have to act quickly. Follow me. Keep an eye out for danger.”
It was a poor idea, Sherlock knew, but in his defense it was very far down on the list of comforting-John plans his brain had generated. “No tea, then,” he said.
John smiled and settled his cheek against Sherlock’s curls, breathing in the scent of his hair. He smelled warm and posh and loving, and it didn’t hurt that John had been there in the shower with him this morning, watching him as he worked the shampoo into his hair. It was a lovely morning, even after the water ran cold and the two of them grew breathless and pruney.
“Please tell my wonderful, kind, if ever so slightly dimwitted John,” Sherlock said, ignoring him, “exactly how misguided he is about this particular—”
“Of course I’m not,” you repeat. You’re staring at his lips. You can’t help yourself. He’s got that little smile on his face once more, and everything about him reads like a bloody masturbatory fantasy come to life.
The drive home from the tarmac was nearly dead silent, which was perfectly fine with John. There was more than a little for John to ponder—his already dubious reconciliation with his wife, the near loss of his best friend to an exile in Eastern Europe, the apparent return of a criminal the country thought was long dead. John, however, was doing his best to avoid thinking of any of it, because as soon as he tried to sort through everything all he saw was Sherlock as the two said goodbye on the tarmac, and that image was making his insides do funny things. John had held onto Mary’s hand a little too tightly as Sherlock’s plane flew away, as if she was the lone thing tethering him to the London soil, and had dropped her hand with a quake of excitement when the plane turned itself around. Mary, thankfully, said nothing on the subject, sitting next to him in the car and allowing the silence to stretch between them.
As a note, there is a real-life family that manages the island, oversees tourism, etc. The O'Sullivans are in NO WAY meant to represent that family--they are pure fiction on my part. I intentionally did zero research about that family (like, I don't even know what their names are), so if I got anything right it is entirely by accident. Not trying to creep out actual humans here...
John had a snippet of a memory of spiking Sherlock’s drink. He chose to keep that memory to himself.
“Ah,” John said. That’s right—there had been a serial killer, hadn’t there? He shifted slightly, attempting to push himself up. “Need me to come with you?”
After dinner, Sherlock tucked himself onto the sofa and sunk into his Mind Palace while John took a plate of food and went to look for Fitz. He appeared to still be hunting rabbits in the ruins but scampered over to John once he noticed the food. He ate with gusto and John sat on the grass next to him, scratching at his back and thinking that Sherlock might have a point about some animals only coming around when they know food is near.
John was exhausted, Sherlock could tell. Sherlock would have been exhausted too, if he didn’t happen to be frozen at the moment. John stripped down and fell into his bed seconds after the two arrived at the hotel, too tired to feel uncomfortable about changing in front of Sherlock, as he had been for the duration of the trip. John was currently sprawled on his back, one arm resting on his stomach and the other flung to the side, making the gentle snores of a deep sleep. Sometime earlier in the night, John had pushed the blankets half-off of his body. He wore a plain vest to sleep, old and threadbare, and Sherlock had to work very hard to not stare at the indentation of John’s chest through the worn material. The shirt slid up underneath John’s hand, revealing a small patch of smooth skin. The very tip of John’s pants were visible just above the blankets. Sherlock was not going to think about the various parts of John’s body over which he once ran his tongue.
John peeled his jacket off his body and hung it on a hook by the door. Little droplets of water started hitting the floor with a tap-tap-tap. “Didn’t know you knew how to do that,” he said.
Sherlock had been the thing on top of him, John realized. When the explosion happened, Sherlock had flung himself over John, shielding him from harm with his own body. John felt something inside of himself twist.
Then Sherlock’s mouth was on his neck. He sunk his teeth into the skin just over John’s pulse and John sucked in air with a scream.
John descended the stairs, rubbing the towel through his damp hair. Sherlock stood by the window, plucking absently at the strings of his violin.
. Your eyes drop to your pint glass. You’re starting to feel a bit of a buzz, a loosening of processes in your brain, and you aren’t convinced it’s the result of the beer.
It was frantic and desperate and uncoordinated, their hands moving against each other with the barest of rhythms, knuckles knocking together, mouths finding each other’s for sloppy, gaping kisses. Sherlock seemed barely able to breathe and John had a steady stream of curses and non-words falling from his mouth. It would be over far too quickly, John knew. He could feel himself barreling towards orgasm and Sherlock seemed to be in a similar position, his face red and his eyes barely open and his cock swollen in John’s hand.
“Good,” John said, choosing not to comment on the fact that he hadn’t exactly been asking for permission.
John cleared his throat. “That we should name our child after him.” He nodded in the direction of Mary’s noticeable belly, the baby they agreed they would name Catherine.
Now, it was a quarter-after-eight in the morning and the sunlight streamed through the windows. The sheets were a disaster, smeared with grass-stains and the muddy trail the two brought with them the night before. John had dirt caked on his knees and along his elbows. He could feel the scratches from the ruins on his back, scabbed and sore. Sherlock had grass in his hair. Both of their feet were nearly black with mud. Neither seemed to care at the moment. The two of them lay naked on the bed, sheets kicked into a tangle at their feet, looking like something dragged happily from a bog. John lay on his back with Sherlock half-draped over him, propped onto an elbow as he looked down at John’s smiling face. Sherlock had a smudge of dirt on his cheek and John loved it.
The two arrived at the café. Will strode inside and pulled a spare tarp from the storage closet as if he owned the place. John pulled the wheelbarrow out from behind the building and the two set off for the field.
“Magnussen,” Sherlock said. The word tripped over his tongue. He was fairly certain he got it right, as much as he was certain of anything at the moment.
Sherlock perched himself on the edge of the tub, seeming unsure if he should look at John or the floor. “Lestrade confirmed that Hugh will be released,” he said.
“How about this one?” John asked. “Burglary. No sign of forced entry. Alarms never even set off. Note left on the mirror, says
The two moved forward—John was a bit faster now that he was on flat ground—halting once they walked through the sitting room of the flat.
Sherlock hammered on the end of the screwdriver to wedge it further into the wood. He raised an eyebrow at John. “Keep reading,” he said.
“John…” It wasn’t clear if the word was meant to be an argument or an endearment. Sherlock’s own voice sounded foreign at the moment, but that could have been the ringing in John’s ears.
Birdy stood, her chair clattering along the floor. “Lovely to meet the both of you,” she said with a wave.
Sherlock started walking down the pavement in the direction of their car, but John stayed where he was, holding tight to Sherlock’s hand until Sherlock stopped moving. Sherlock turned to face him, an eyebrow lifted.
You feel a touch of pride, some inward glow that this man who took one look at you and somehow managed to see right into the very core of you was surprised that you managed to see
Sherlock went on muttering about the ubiquity of sheep droppings on the island and John lifted the photograph of the little girl next to Declan’s bed, examining it once more. Lucy, Declan’s journal said her name was. The name seemed to suit her. The photograph looked like one taken for school; she was posed against a fake-looking tree the way no actual human ever posed. She had a mess of frizzy hair someone managed to wrangle into a ponytail and wore a dark, school-uniform jumper. She was missing a front tooth.
Your mum, she used to tell you that she wished you’d meet a nice girl and settle down. She used to say that all the time before she died.
John kissed the scar once more, and Sherlock figured that he would be willing to be punched in the mouth by a bank robber any day if it meant John would kiss the scar periodically.
John was a writhing mess underneath Sherlock. His whole body was tense and nearly shaking, clinging to what little control he had left. Sherlock watched a flush creep across John’s chest, his collarbone, his neck, his face. His face was twisted, distorted, his eyes black and heavy, his mouth opening and closing as he sucked in air. He was making noises, wonderful, delicious, pained noises that grew louder with each thrust, each movement of Sherlock on top of him. It sounded as if Sherlock was killing him, slowly but violently.
“Now that I think about it,” Sherlock said, “seeing as there’s no clear consensus on the presence or absence of life after death, I would plan for the afterlife as well. This. Just to be safe.”
He was abruptly silenced as Sherlock took his face in his hands and brought their mouths together with such urgency that John temporarily forgot how to breathe. When he remembered again, he was gasping against Sherlock, their mouths moving desperately against each other, nipping and tasting. The wind twisted their hair in circles and into their eyes, and Sherlock’s coat flapped against John. John stepped into the thick fabric and Sherlock enveloped him, wrapping his arms around him, pulling him so close he felt as if he were stepping inside of Sherlock himself. Sherlock was warm and soft and nearly thrumming with energy, a sort of light that John only felt from him when he was investigating particularly inventive murders. When they separated, panting, the fog of their breaths turning to steam against their faces, Sherlock kept John’s face in his hands, grinning madly at him. John felt his own smile as it streaked across his face. He was fully aware that he was grinning like some sort of maniac, some lovestruck schoolboy, but he couldn’t be arsed to care at the moment.
Sherlock turned his gaze back towards John, his cheek resting against the grass, the only thing that grew on the island. Save for one tree. “I never expected anyone to care, John,” he said. “I still don’t.”
John wasn’t a stranger to the dreams. Before Sherlock’s fall, the dreams would crop up every now and then, rearranging the furniture in John’s mind and leaving him alone to sort himself out.
John could hear Sherlock’s hurried footsteps, darting through the foyer and up the steps. There were seventeen steps between the door and the first floor of the flat, but Sherlock seemed to be taking them two at a time. John felt a stab of panic rush through him.
Sherlock, caught tight in the surgeon’s grip, met John’s gaze and his eyes sparkled, a momentary message letting John know that he was about to do something incredibly stupid. John didn’t have time to shake his head, to find a way to telepathically communicate
“It’s nice, I suppose,” Sherlock said, his words tickling John’s skin. “To be on this side of it. To be spared having to dance for the imbeciles with cameras.”
“Further,” Sherlock said. “It isn’t just the doors. He makes contestants do a whole host of things. He has them wager on how much money is in a handbag. He has them think about what might be in a box. He has them guess at how much certain products cost.”
The path back along the southern side of the island was similar to the path they took out—narrow and a bit nerve-wracking, with the Cró sprouting to their left and cliffs lurking to their right. They were somehow walking uphill again, and John found himself wondering how a small island with just the one mountain could have so many hills. The wind whipped against the back of John’s neck and he shivered, tugging his collar up to provide some semblance of a shield.
“Not once,” Brennan said. “That’s never been a part of it for him. There’s plenty of fish in the little cove he prefers—he doesn’t need it from me. It sounds odd, but…” he shrugged, “I think he just likes me. And truth be told, I think I like him too. I saw him this morning, first thing. And I’m going out to see him once we get back on the mainland. We’re mates, he and I. We work.” He shook his head. “Sounds mad, I know.”
John had been having nightmares for the entirety of the trip—nightly, sometimes multiple times a night. Sherlock knew that John was no stranger to nightmares; he experienced them with some frequency when the two started sharing a flat years ago. However, John’s nightmares faded shortly after the two moved in together, and Sherlock only noticed restless nights on John’s part once every few months, if that. Of course, Sherlock had no data points after he returned from the dead. He couldn’t help but wonder when the frequency increased again. Something told him that this was a recent phenomenon.
“Was it worth it?” John asked, the words leaving his mouth before he could stop them. “Was it worth all you went through?”
“On one, there were these two people dressed like astronauts,” Rosie explained, her toes making the abused springs in John’s chair squeak. “They said they wanted what was in the box. The man offered them money to trade but they didn’t take it. Then the man offered them something behind a curtain and they didn’t take it. Then he showed them what was in the box and it was
“‘Course you have.” John’s eyes were growing heavy-lidded. He gestured vaguely at the computer. “You going to finish that?”
In retrospect, he remembered the sound. Three little beeps, a tiny electronic noise that would have gone completely unnoticed were the room not so quiet. In the moment, John barely had time to register it. His brain, sluggish from sleep deprivation and haphazardly sorting through words, had barely enough time to work its way around the little beeps and suggest to his body that some sort of danger might be approaching.
“How?” John asked, shaking his head. His eyes were still fixed on the scar on Sherlock’s chest, evidence of the act that nearly killed him, that nearly took him from John yet again. “How can you choose this, Sherlock?”
Rosie giggled again. John foresaw an upcoming scenario in which he had to explain to her that they would not be getting a pet goat.
“Don’t you understand by now, Holmes?” John shouted, blinking through the water streaming down his face. “I’m not going anywhere. You can’t be rid of me, no matter how you try. You can’t be rid of what you feel.”
“I’ll contact the O’Sullivans,” Sherlock said, nodding in the direction of their cottage. “Arrange for them to send a boat to pick me up in the morning. With any luck, I’ll be back by the evening.” He turned then, starting to walk back up the hill towards the cottage.
“I have a feeling everything still works,” John said. He could still feel a bit of tenderness in the area, but nothing so terrible as to overpower how lovely Sherlock’s hands felt against him.
Sherlock’s mouth was against John’s neck. He wasn’t kissing him, not exactly, but John could feel him there. He could feel the scratch of stubble on Sherlock’s chin scrape against him, could feel the soft of Sherlock’s lips on his skin, could feel the heat of each of Sherlock’s breaths. John was choking back noises, little moans and whimpers and sighs. He could feel Sherlock’s chest heave against him. They were moving faster now, shuddering, uneven strokes against each other. John was so hard he thought he might burst through his trousers, and Sherlock felt the same, the bulge of his cock rigid against John’s. John’s brain was sparking and stuttering and
Much later, after Sherlock yelled at Lestrade and his team for getting to the scene of the crime at roughly the speed of erosion and John hid his now-empty gun in his trousers and the both of them gave their statements, the two found themselves in a cab heading back to Baker Street. Sherlock shoved himself atop John and was snogging him as if the both of their lives depended on it. He had John near-horizontal, pinning his body half against the seat and half against the door. There was a seatbelt buckle digging into John’s back but he couldn’t care less. Sherlock was moaning into his mouth, whispering unintelligible sentiments that John swallowed up greedily. John managed to maneuver a hand between the two of them and grasped at Sherlock’s cock through his trousers. He figured they only had a minute or so before the cabbie told them to cut it the hell out, but John reasoned if he moved his hand just right he could get Sherlock off before that happened. He had done so before, after all. He worked his hand into Sherlock’s trousers, not even bothering with the flies.
“You’re sure you’re not hurt?” Sherlock asked. His voice was clearer now, and John could hear the concern behind his words.
Sherlock opened his eyes and John was looking at him, his face cracking apart. “It’s alright, John,” Sherlock said, his breath still a bit ragged. He could feel his head starting to grow light, a blurriness to his thoughts. He was losing the strength to wave away his own ideas and they swarmed closer, an insistent drone in his ears.
