Sherlock gave John a soft hug in reply as he began to shift towards the door and out into the parking garage where an ambulance sat along with a handful of police cars all with only headlights left on to light the area. Sherlock carefully climbed into the back of the ambulance, the paramedics standing by to help if necessary. John was nearly bowled over by his own love for his mate in those moments, how gentle and careful Sherlock was being, extremely conscious of John’s condition.
He refocused on Hyperion, Hyperion had been projecting across the bond, he had been the one with most of the inferior thoughts and the idea that those were running around inside such a big magnificent dragon as Hyperion made John’s hot attitude cool further. Hyperion had been looking to Bellamy and Sherlock and then turning his gaze inward, much like John’s thoughts, Hyperion was very aware of his own injuries and recent shortcomings, the lack of ability to fly and lack of a rider willing to do so factored into the pressing feelings that had leaked across to John. The urge to reach out and give Hyperion a hug, even though Hyperion was much too big to give a proper hug, swept over him.
“We can work on that,” John said, edging a little closer til they sat hip to hip almost and Sherlock’s curly mop suddenly landed on his shoulder.
“You’re walking home alone if you don’t stop,” Sherlock grumbled even though he still maintained the warm grip on John’s arm.
“So where did the pills come from?” John asked, and a smile began to grow on Sherlock’s face for the first time all day. It made John happy that he’d managed to make the rider actually smile with such a strange sort of question.
“Relax for me,” John said, hooking an arm under one of Sherlock’s knees and pushing it up towards Sherlock’s chest, exposing him a little better. Sherlock’s deep chuckles continued at the tiny bit of manhandling, his other knee drawing up as well.
“Sher-Sherlock? You have something to add?” Jim stuttered out, eyes locking onto the pair of them sitting against the back wall.
“I’ll admit I didn’t particularly plan last night; I had hoped that maybe after this whole mess with the fish I might be able to… woo you back to my flat, if you weren’t absolutely driven away by me once you reclaimed your freedom. The alcohol rather loosened my tongue, as it were,” Sherlock explained, taking hold of one of John’s legs and continuing to clean him off.
“Hyp…” John hacked, dazed and confused; when had the dragon landed, was he okay? John couldn’t feel him in his head, and that scared him.
they clean the tanks from time to time Sherlock, but you honestly can’t blame me for being a little twitchy after last night’s trouble!” John said as he toweled himself dry. He saw Sherlock’s smug smirk and wanted to toss the towel at him.
“Your appetite is good and healthy too,” she chuckled, as Hyperion cocked his head, looking for more food from her. He flickered his tongue at her for a moment before deciding to leave her alone, going back to John and flopping his head down.
“You know -” John paused, getting Sherlock’s attention immediately, his eyes finally focused on John rather than anywhere but him, “-you know you can talk to me right?” John said, feeling extremely awkward making the offer.
,” she accentuated the word with another spine chilling pull, squeezing a little more. John was a paralyzed crab in her grasp, frozen in place, mouth open, and mentally begging that she not decided to suddenly act and castrate him then and there.
John hadn’t expected all this to come to the fore when he demanded Sherlock talk to him. Knowing about Victor’s inappropriate behavior made John feel unsettled about his own thoughts. John had certainly been admiring Sherlock’s long pale body earlier when presented with it in the nude, but this new bit of information popped like a bright red flag in his mind telling him in no uncertain terms to back off. Sherlock had taken some level of abuse from most of his former flatmates for most of his adult life; he didn’t need his newest one lusting after him within only a few days of knowing him.
John darted for Sherlock, who hadn’t yet gotten out of the water but was heading that way. He caught his ankle, making him look down to see what John wanted. When John pointed to the window where the people had been, they were gone. A panicky feeling began to rise in John’s throat at that. Where had they gone? He definitely recognized the shark men, what if they got into the water with them? Would they be as deadly as the real sharks that surrounded them?
“Might have to show me around some more if we’re worrying about safe drinking glasses,” John snickered, taking a long drink of cool water and copying Sherlock’s contentment.
“When you’re right you’re right,” John sighed looking up at Hyperion. He could feel that Hyperion was cold and could see it in the way he was holding his wings a little tighter to his body to hold in his warmth. Huge gouts of steam poured from both Hyperion and Bellamy’s mouths as they breathed in the cold air. Most of the dragons they’d seen out and about looked like active chimneys.
“Well, I’ll be here for you in the morning when you wake up anyway, absolutely human, no fish here,” John said, rubbing Sherlock’s back calmly.
“You seem to worry a lot,” Mary said, looking at him upside down. “I’m not going to fall, see,” she said, and John nearly had a small heart attack as she unseated herself and hung from the cord attached to her belt, a hand still on the ring, but otherwise suspended in air. “These belts are really strong, John, you should see the real riders, they can do all sorts of neat tricks with theirs.” She pulled herself back up.
“I’m not assigning him to help the butchers again, Master Knight.” Henry looked about to open his mouth again, but Lestrade added, “or the kitchens.”
“Kosovo,” Sherlock confirmed, and John could hear the sadness in his voice, didn’t want to hear that level of upset there, “was there for a month, got shot out of the sky over a minefield, his dragon rolled through the field, of course neither of them survived.” Sherlock nudged infinitesimally closer to John, who in turn hugged his waist a little tighter.
John, however, arched up a little over him. “Sherlock Holmes, you did not just say you would go at it with Clifford.”
“A consulting detective? What is that? A special position for riders?” John’s curiosity was genuine, it wasn’t like he began to know what all the positions riders could take were, for all he knew they did work with the police as detectives somehow. His whole worldview when it came to dragons and their riders had been quickly turned on its ear the moment he bonded with one.
“I’m writing now. My therapist said it might be good for me.” It took him far too long to think of that one sentence. John heard Sherlock release a small huff.
John looked to Lestrade when he heard the Master huff out a sigh, “You might as well go after him, god knows maybe you can keep him from running around and getting himself killed,” Lestrade said tiredly.
Sherlock paused in his pushing John to don the new clothes, “No, I said Hyperion might want to get indoors, I said nothing about the weather.”
“Let’s walk John, we-we never walk much. Our feet. We have feet, we can use our feet and go for a walk.” It was at that moment John realized that the bottle of grappa, basically empty save for a miniscule portion in the bottom, was in Sherlock’s other hand, the bottle dragging on the floor as Sherlock shook John’s arm, “John, we should walk together.” Sherlock asserted again, with the same babbling, slurring, voice.
He spent a lot of the time sleeping, more than he had since he joined the military. During the week, though, John found his sleep being disturbed by nightmares. Nothing major that left him screaming like patients he had heard down the hall, but still they mostly involved falling and he’d wake up the moment he hit the ground with a gasp, sweating bullets, his heart pounding in his chest. He would lay back and breathe slowly trying to bring his thundering heart rate down, staring at the ceiling. John hadn’t had many nightmares before and not since he’d been shipped out; he had a sneaking suspicion it had to do with Hyperion being missing from his mind.
“Right, these words exactly: ‘What happened? I must have blacked out. Twenty-Two Northumberland Street. Meet me there.’” Sherlock rattled off as he pulled something that wasn’t egg shell out of the bottom of the case, a folded shirt of some kind, followed by a few more sodden folded articles of clothes and what looked like a small toiletries case.
John walked into the water after him, not even feeling the temperature difference that usually accompanied entering a pool. The soreness in his leg and shoulder coming from Hyperion’s injuries at the other end of the bond all but vanished when the water took Hyperion’s weight. Hyperion paddled a little deeper, rolling his body over in the water but keeping his head above it. The freedom of movement after so long of being cooped up in his pit translated across the bond as nearly a high, a euphoria. Hyperion wanted to dive and flip and breach and somersault in the water.
“Kosovo,” John’s mind filled in with a horrified shiver running up his spine that had nothing to do with the cold.
“Oh?” Sherlock voice changed completely from unsure to curious in an instant. John looked up at Sherlock, who sounded like he already knew what John had seen just with that one word. He saw Sherlock’s mouth curling at the corners and his eyebrows were definitely up. “And what did you see, John Watson?” He was absolutely being a tease, John could hear it in the way his smile came through in his voice.
Once snug in his own warm bed John let himself relax back into the pillows. So much to mull over from the evening. It was late he and should be asleep, but his mind wanted to wander over the various revelations of the evening and his body wanted Sherlock close again. All those little things that had driven John to distraction that had formed his wank fantasies for the past few months had been intended or at least partially intended. The images both real and slightly exaggerated by imagination popped forth. Sherlock in a tiny towel, just barely covering anything. His leather clad backside, the thin covering stretched tight across his arse. The yoga poses, John’s mind’s eye undressed him as he bent into what he’d later learned was a standing straddle pose, legs spread in a wide V as he bent his torso forward and down. Sherlock’s long legs stretched out before him as he leaned back on the bench nearby the first day they were meant to meet with the Masters, looking like a bad boy waiting to meet the school dean.
That first finger slid in easily, the gel doing exactly what they both hoped it would do. John gasped at the different feeling, that one webby finger pressing in and wiggling, the webbing stretching against the rim of his hole adding in an interesting sensation. Sherlock worked with that, stretching and rubbing, preparing until John said quietly, “more,” and he added another, creating the stretching feeling John remembered, no pain, just a fuller feeling maybe a mild twinge, oh the slick was really doing its job well.
“I would have liked to know what was in that book,” Sherlock said, watching the couple beyond the glass.
“You know how Jim seems a little off?” John asked, surely the most observant man in the world couldn’t have missed the unsettling energy that seemed to radiate from Jim the closer one was in proximity to him, especially when Sherlock was around. John might not be the most observant but he could tell Jim had some kind of thing for Sherlock, he didn’t know what, but those dark eyes were focused on Sherlock with an eerie level of concentration nearly any time John saw the man. If John didn’t know better he’d say it was a hunger he saw in those stares.
“You were holding your breath, remember the classes you’ve been dragging me to. Breathe evenly, the air is sparser the higher you go, you need to breathe, calm and even.” Sherlock reminded him still speaking in that deep baritone right next to his ear.
“Good, that’s good,” John replied, shifting a bit and trying to get a little more comfortable, or at least as comfortable as one could get with a bullet wound, bandages, and sling. He still felt a bit drowsy, and with the recovery time ahead of him he simply let himself doze as the daily bustle of the hospital ward continued around him.
“And if I don’t?” In that moment Sherlock looked younger, his features softened a bit before looking away from John again.
When no response came it only made John angrier at Sherlock. He realized his color was darkening, his natural scarlet mixed with the orangey stains to create an ugly dark rusty color. Maybe if Sherlock cared so little about keeping John’s loving stains maybe John should let his own fade as well and so he did. And it felt horrible, like he was bleeding out through an invisible wound. John’s skin wasn’t ready to let them go and deep in his mind he really didn’t want to be rid of them either. So he was left to stew about it, frustrated that he couldn’t make himself show how angry Sherlock made him because he was too sentimental of a fool to let some color stains go.
From what John could see through the thick glass she wasn’t very tall, with long black hair, very pale skin, dark eyes, and she wore a suit. She just stood there watching the fish - no phone out taking pictures, no drawing pad sketching, no texting, no graduate school students taking notes for their ichthyological studies - just those creepily dark eyes staring and flicking between John and Sherlock in a tank full of other more interesting fish. When John came close to look at her, her eyes went to him and she studied him as he drifted by. Her gaze made him wish he had eyelids to blink with.
It said adding to the smile already spreading across John’s face at simply being on the ground again.
“I can’t fly, I can’t fly!” John became aware he was repeating over and over as his fingers gripped into the bigger man’s sweat-stained shirt. Before he knew what had happened Omar was lowering him with his back against the wall slowly. He was breathing hard and the corporal escorting him told him to breathe slower and calm down before he hyperventilated. John’s chest continued to constrict tighter around every breath, falling into a familiar stranglehold of panic he hadn’t felt since before leaving for the war. The matter was taken out of the corporal’s hands as Omar captured John’s head between his large hands and made him look into his dark eyes.
“Okay, Dr. Watson, we’ve leveled off. Everything is going to be fine and smooth from here on out, just relax. If you want to talk at any time you know where to find us,” the voice on the other end told him calmly. John rolled onto his back, still panting and shivering after the panic; it was going to be a long flight.
“No, they talk and I reward them for a job well done. Two weeks ago one made a royal mess of the pit while feeding Bell to the point I had to get the cleaners in to rake the sand, he still chattered away while he was doing it, but I gave him nothing in the end.” Sherlock explained.
Which led to them eating dinner with Hyperion a handful of days later. Sherlock had enlisted the help of his nestling Wiggins along with Mary to help the both of them move plants, and they had managed to shuffle a rather impressive number of mostly smaller planters and a couple more bushes. In the end, even though they weren’t as big as some of the decades old vegetation, they added a nice level of green to Hyperion’s fairly bare enclosure.
“Sherlock, gotta wake up,” John mumbled trying to pry Sherlock’s arm from around his chest. Sherlock snuffled and relaxed his grip allowing John to slip away and stand up, back popping slightly as he did so.
“What is that?!” John cried, putting his hand to his forehead. Hyperion tilted his head looking down at him with a confused look, or as confused as a dragon’s face could look, he supposed.
It took all of John’s power not to jump from his hiding spot and go to Sherlock, get her away from him at least.
“Now come on, you know the drill better than me, clothes off,” John said, grabbing onto the bottom of Sherlock’s shirt and pulling it up over his head. He heard a deep chuckle come from under the fabric and once his head was freed Sherlock leaned forward and planted a kiss right on John’s nose.
“The one you were aiming for is yellow,” the woman hissed. John felt a shiver of panic surface as he realized they were talking about Sherlock. These people had been waiting to ambush Sherlock should he leave the flat. Mycroft’s warning about staying in 221b seemed more like a protective act than a punishment more than ever before.
Dinner came shortly after, and Hyperion, flopped and full as he was, didn’t try to beg for any of his sausage and onions. John’s last act before the sun went down was to meet with his therapist; she ran him through his exercises and seemed pleased with his progress. She helped him remove Hyperion’s bandages like Molly had instructed before leaving. The sun slipped away, leaving a quiet night to take over and with Hyperion settled back down and comfortable with his wounds bared to air out, John fell asleep, curled against Hyperion’s warm neck. No surprise tall figures in the halls that night.
“Memories are so good,” Sherlock groaned into John’s mind, wrapping his own around John’s and giving John a lovely warm blanketed feeling even though he was the one covering Sherlock.
Hyperion’s head shot up looking to the door. He didn’t wait for John to come to him and before John could tell him not to get up Hyperion was struggling to shaking legs and hobbling towards him as fast as sore, injured legs could carry him. John felt the keen pain for himself and quickly moved to close the gap between them before Hyperion did himself an injury. He sat down hard in front of John and was instantly pushing him with his nose, a concerned low trilling vocalization emitting from Hyperion’s throat that John had never heard before. Worry pounded at the bond and John wrapped his arms around Hyperion’s nose as best he could.
“Duly noted,” John replied distractedly, trying to concentrate harder on the bond for a moment. He hadn’t even really thought to feel for anything unusual, and with the off and on contact he’d had since they met, it worried him that Hyperion could possibly already have experienced attacks,
“And you thought Mycroft, Grand Master of the Aerie, would be on that list?” Sherlock said sounding incredulous.
“Come on, mother hen,” Sally called, She already had John’s duffle slung over a shoulder and was waiting for him next to his box at the door. John suddenly realized how he must have looked and straightened, finally taking a couple of rigid steps before he gave in and walked away. He could feel the bond absolutely roiling with sadness at the back of his mind. He went to the box of things from Harry and dug out a few of his more worn things: an old jacket, a few shirts, a pair of trousers. John laid them on the edge of the mattress for Hyperion, who had already curled away facing the wall. John knew Hyperion was trying to comfort himself, tell himself John was going to be okay, a thin mantra of hopeful ‘he’ll come back’ there on his end of the bond if John concentrated hard enough. The overwhelming upset, though, squashed anything else and as John turned and walked towards Sally he felt his eyes watering.
“I’ll be back,” John reassured as he hauled himself from the mat, giving Hyperion’s nose a farewell pat. As he ambled towards the door Hyperion pushed a soft hope for his safety, not exactly a pure worry, just a light thought that translated into ‘be careful, small, easy to hurt’. John pushed back with his own reassurance before leaving and heading off towards the cafeteria.
“Greg, the bond. Can riders feel pain across it? Physical pain, not just him telling me he is in pain,” John asked, shifting his weight to try and alleviate the twinging phantom sting like a slash across his thigh. It felt that if he were to pull down his trousers at that moment he’d find a cut on his leg seeping blood.
“Thank you for reminding me though,” John finally said, quieter. Sherlock’s glare diminished. “She’ll probably like some bath bombs to relax with and a new coat, hopefully she won’t send them back to spite me. We… didn’t really end on good terms last time we talked. Was a little upset by the news that I’d suddenly become a ‘bloody rider’.” John admitted, looking back to his laptop to begin searching for something in Harry’s size. Sherlock still hadn’t replied but John hadn’t really expected him to, the prodding about the solar system seemed to hurt a little more than John had expected.
“Well, of course I would, but I’m fine with this too,” John replied, squeezing his arms slightly around Sherlock’s chest from where he had taken the big spoon position. There was a moment of quiet while John considered what exactly he would like to do with Sherlock. “It’s not like we have all the things we’d need anyway,” John reasoned with a small snicker. Sherlock just hummed a reply and continued to trace his fingers over John’s knuckles.
“Are you certain you don’t need to go to a hospital?” one of the paramedics asked as Sherlock carefully slid out with his cargo of John held above him.
She was restless. The moment he saw her it was evident, even with his limited knowledge, that she was agitated. She paced her enclosure, looking at the purpling sky, tail whipping as she made low hissing grumbles. She turned sharply to face him the moment he entered with an equally razor-edged hiss. He put the laptop down and raised his hands instantly.
“Oh, the rangers are going to have a fit over this one,” Molly said finishing the unwinding. The hatchling flopped out on the table, its short legs flopping away from its pale speckled body and its thin wings peeling away weakly. “Did Sherlock say where it was from?” she asked John, as she moved to toss the blankets away, then rolling the hatchling onto its belly so that its wings lay cupped around it.
“Anyway. Our division of the Aerie covers five halls, the numeral is just the hall number, this is the second hall of the five, ten pits on each hall, the rooms come in pairs, A and B. For example, Hyperion here is in 2-21a, your flatmate, that’d be Sherlock, has 2-21b,” Lestrade glanced through the aforementioned door, “and it looks like he’s out at the moment.” He sighed with the same air as someone who has had to go find a hiding child far too many times.
“Hyperion, this what you are, right?” John asked, and Hyperion opened his eyes and shifted to look. A resounding ‘Yes’ thundered over John’s mind accompanied by joy, joy at John’s interest in learning about him.
While John was appreciating the pair of dragons standing together Sherlock was busy striding over and climbing up into the saddle as Bellamy leaned down for him. He didn’t say anything to John just continued staring stubbornly forward, likely urging Bellamy to move and head towards the Aerie’s training grounds all the way on the opposite side of the landing field. John felt a small swelling of guilt at the base of his throat. He shouldn’t have shouted at Sherlock, shouldn’t have told him to essentially fuck off with his ideas to help get John off the ground.
By the time he was done with his rather vicious rant, John was staring at him with wide eyes. Jim’s nostrils flared and John could see a small twitch ticking at his right eyelid. With a quick inhale Jim moved over to the desk next to the board and sat, eyelid still twitching faintly.
“Do you have a side?” John asked as Sherlock turned down the sheets. A quick look from John to the bed and back said ‘no.’
“You’re interesting, I’ve seen bits of the ones you answer on your website. If the ones you solve without being there sound like that, the stories you must have involving the ones you decide to grace with your presence must be amazing.” John replied, sitting down next to Sherlock, their hips pressed together by the roundness of the window. John didn’t really care about the close contact - once he’d seen the man naked and as a fish for most of the day, he’d given up on modesty, much as Sherlock had.
John saw the belt he’d used earlier hanging from the back of the saddle and grabbed for it; if she was going to fly he wanted to be attached. It would be tragic to lose two riders trying to save one. John couldn’t do that to Greg.
“Mycroft, you can quit it with the stuffy talk, its not like we’re about to sentence the man to hang.” John stared at the new speaker, an older looking woman wearing a clean white lab coat and scrubs. She motioned for John to come closer and when he stepped up the the table she stood and leaned over to give his hand a good firm shake. “Master Jacqui Stapleton, head of the medical branches both humanoid and draconic, welcome Dr. Watson,” she said, before looking at the other occupants of the table. “Well, go on, introduce yourselves.”
“Well, you’re still sporting some impressive morning wood there,” John replied with a mildly wicked chuckle, pushing his arse back into Sherlock’s hips.
“Of course she’s mine!” Sherlock snapped with a defensive tone. “This is Bellamy,” he added more softly, black gloves soothing over the silver scales of her muzzle. Now that she was up and moving closer John noticed she was wearing a very simple harness: a saddle with plenty of padding underneath it and a couple saddle bags to either side, a wide belt that wrapped around under her neck at the top of her chest, and various metal rings around the edges. The whole affair was made of black and dark grey leather and sitting high in front of her wings.
The elder Holmes simply hummed, twirling his umbrella handle under his palm, steel blue eyes following the fish as it darted away down into a faux rock corner of the tank. “An eye out would be adequate. Good day, Dr Watson,” he said before turning and walking away into the crowds of families still bustling through the halls. John was left to ponder the strange man for a moment before he decided to make his way through the rest of the aquarium and out; he took one last look at the unique tuna, drifting by on his lonesome, through the glass top down view of the tank near the exits.
As morning came a splitting headache began to bloom behind John’s eyes, running down his spine and permeating into a full body ache. He was making another round searching for the gilly man, beginning to wonder if he was going insane and had just imagined the gills when the tall nutter appeared again, decidedly less naked and dressed in a pair of neon blue swim trunks covered in clownfish and a yellow tank top with a cartoon otter and ‘Sea Life London Aquarium’ on the front. He was typing away at a computer meant for one of the children’s games.
“John, I know this isn’t exactly your field, but could you help, please?” Molly asked, prepping a towel, gently unfolding a wing, and beginning to carefully wipe off the remaining fluid on its body. John followed her lead and took a towel for himself, helping wipe the hatchling down. Its feet were small and somewhat webbed like cats paws, the talons not yet developed, and John took his time clearing goo from between tiny toes while Molly rubbed down its back where John noticed the raised ridge of its spine.
“We’re going to move the crate over to the wall; you’ll get some cover from the wind and be out of the way over there, and here come some blankets.” Lestrade indicated the person approaching, a woman, who he could now see was carrying a huge armload of blankets.
When they came to their home tank with is massive head statues and sharks Sherlock stopped and stared at it, just sort of staring into nothing for a moment and John’s giggling died out.
, huh?” John asked softly, while Sherlock’s hands remained over his face. “How long has ‘some time’ been?” he asked when Sherlock didn’t reply.
“Oh, oh, good,” John panted, feeling the stretch as he finished sinking. He took a moment to just sit and feel before he finally moved, leaning forward and slipping off a little to kiss Sherlock’s open mouth. “Y’can move love,” he said, smiling at the shattered expression on Sherlock’s face.
“Thank you. I’ll be back here tomorrow, I’m sure,” he said, starting up the stairs for his things. “Oh, and Sherlock’s out with Bellamy tonight too,” John added.
“No.” Sherlock snapped. “Accidentally set fire to the butchery about a year ago, and there was a time long before that with Henry’s predecessor,” Sherlock mumbled sulkily.
“Shush,” Sherlock repeated, returning after a moment with a pair of mugs. Sherlock had let John watch over his shoulder as it were, John feeling Sherlock’s mind go through the motions of preparing tea, an almost autopilot task but one Sherlock knew John found soothing. He set the mugs down for a moment as he crawled back onto the sofa with John, blanketing himself over his paralyzed mate easily.
“I-I don’t know what happened,” Sherlock mumbled, reaching up and scrubbing at his face weakly. He felt like all his joints were loose and rubbery. He felt numb, his mind sluggish and foggy. Usually Sherlock had a lovely buzz after they did this, he would be floating and satisfied. Instead he felt like he had be hit by a truck, like he was one large bruise and his mind was mush.
“Dr Watson, just a little bit of turbulence, nothing to worry about. We are correcting for it up here; all is fine,” the radio reported, as John tried to right himself against the wall. He found himself face-to-face with a window. John saw a vast view of mountains from far too high up. If he had been able to appreciate it he would have, but he felt like the bottom had dropped out of his stomach; he felt dizzy and suddenly very nauseous as he looked down. The ground seemed so far away. John scrambled for the cubby for a whole different reason than before, and only reached it just in time to grab one of the sick bags and heave up what tiny amount was left in his stomach. He coughed and hacked up bile for a few moments until he had nothing left , feeling sore and empty.
The bond changed from the light hint of concern to curiosity, John recognized the same feeling from when he was a child and would see something new, asking ‘what is that?’ over and over. He quickly scrubbed hands over his face, opening bleary eyes to meet a giant pair of gold ones over the edge of the fountain. Hyperion stared intently at him, watching John as he let himself float onto his back, hurt arm held across his belly. The bond took on an inquisitive note of ‘what are you doing? What is that?’ Hyperion’s eyes flicked with tiny movements over all of John. John suddenly realized what the questions were about and quickly dunked himself again up to his neck, covering himself with his hand.
“You are like a toddler, stupid and easily entertained. Everything in these classes will be new to you and you will be soaking up fresh information. I, on the other hand, grew up with this, I was born and raised with a dragon looming over me; all this is old, stale, repetitious, dull. I get to sit and let my brain rot while another rider putters around the blackboard reciting things I knew by the time I was 8.” John watched Sherlock’s eyes dart over the pages in his hand, tall man leaning with his back against the door jamb next to him with a disgruntled frown slowly growing on his face.
“No… no we’re not,” the man slurred in response, squinting up at John. John moved to block the sun from the injured man’s eyes, since his helmet and eye cover were missing.
“He is a bit, yeah,” Mike admitted. There was a long pause in which the kettle pinged that the water was done boiling. John was already preparing the tea when Mike spoke again, “He’s always like that, figuring out things about you out of thin air. You’ll get used to it I suppose, Victor did somehow-”
“There’s nothing wrong with you, just a busted up shoulder and some scrapes and bruises.” She calmly patted his blanket-covered leg.
Sherlock grinned and pulled John even closer, “Perhaps, that can be arranged.” He said, finally giving John a full kiss on the lips.
The next morning the sound of the door opening and thudding closed followed by the scrape of wheels across the floor woke John. His first thought darted to having overslept and the wheels were Tom and Mary coming to feed Hyperion, but the dragon lay curled and sleeping soundly right next to him, and there had been no accompanying knock or call asking for entry. Whoever this was had just barged on in unannounced.
“Just because you never had any desire to go near a dragon and want to fly doesn’t mean others don’t,” Sherlock said with a hard roll of his eyes and a massive sigh, unfolding his legs and sprawling in his chair like a handsome, lanky spider. “What parent puts their child into boarding school?”
“The killer?!” John squawked peering around the fridge in the direction of the detective who was quickly rolling down sleeves and pulling out another clean long coat from the closet visible through the open door. The man was off and running again, whatever serenity brought on by nearly poisoning himself with nicotine patches rapidly peeling away as he threw on his coat and scarf again.
Sherlock let out a sigh and let John pull down his remaining clothing. John taking note that at least Sherlock wasn’t sporting anything embarrassing as he knelt down before him to help him lift his feet one at a time. He however was a little less unaffected by the kissing, not hard per say but if Sherlock kept going John would have something to be red-faced over.
“Ah,” John heard Sherlock say, realization in his tone. “Part of a unit that was attacked?” Sherlock asked.
As if in apology for disrupting their snogging with his stomach John leaned over and kissed Sherlock again once he was clothed, wrapping a hand around the back of his skull to hold him close, weaving fingers into the short hair at the nape of Sherlock’s neck. John continued to let his hands wander through Sherlock’s hair even after they parted for air.
With that he finally turned his back on man and dragon and walked briskly towards the front door. Outside the car still sat parked on the roundabout. John looked back at the black door and quiet house from the gate. No sounds of dragon wings readying a pursuit, but that did not mean anything; for all he knew he was being given a head start.
John thought, panting with the exertion to keep up with the long-legged rider running ahead. Sherlock turned down a particularly narrow alley and made the corner, John saw him hop a short wire fence behind the building and stop dead in his tracks. It wasn’t till he caught up to him that he saw what made the detective stop.
Of course going to McDonald’s for dinner every night couldn’t have been good for either of the tuna men, but John didn’t even begin to imagine how bad that night’s trip would be.
John just kept breathing, the dizziness fading away thankfully, and Hyperion’s end of the bond began to bleed through. Hyperion was still there at the other end of the bond, trying to pile on not only the hopefulness of flying but just general blankets upon blankets of calm and happiness, absolutely trying to overwhelm John’s fear with his own better emotions. With Sherlock’s arms still tight around him John eased back in the saddle, having not even realized he was sitting ramrod straight and tense as a piano wire. Hyperion’s end of the bond did help immensely.
“Sherlock! The pit’s not empty!” John pointed out the door. Without even getting up Sherlock’s attention seemed to perk towards the sound of shifting sand outside.
“A Bigeye tuna. Slightly smaller than the bluefin, more of a game fish, you may have eaten one once in your travels - a plate of
Sherlock snorted. “Of course John,” he replied with a wide grin. The laid there smiling at each other for a long while, breathing and bathing in the post-coital hormones.
Sherlock suddenly lurched up, staggering upright with his knees together for balance. “That means we’re fish, about to be fish!” Sherlock said it far too loudly, causing him to veer to the side at the power of his own voice. John shot forward to catch him before he hit his head on the concrete wall.
“Why’s it gone?” he asked. He felt content with what she’d told him so far. It was a comfort to know that what was going on in his head was a normal thing that came with dealing with a dragon. The concept was still a little strange, but as good as the bond made him feel he was sure he could get used to it quickly enough. At the back of his brain the thought of ‘get the connection back now!’ was skittering around scratching away. Helen just smiled at him.
“Hear that? I know you can hear other people besides me. I don’t know what has you so scared, but all that needle is going to do is numb a bit of your leg so she can patch you up.” Hyperion stilled beneath him, breathing hard.
Sally said her farewells and retreated down the stairs, leaving John in the messy flat with Hyperion worrying away in his head and Mrs Hudson puttering around in the kitchen with the tea.
“I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t attracted to you early on as well,” John said wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s back and hugging him a little tighter to his side, leaving a hand resting on his waist. Bugger Jack Frost nipping at his nose. He didn’t want to disturb this moment, John wanted to see where this conversation was going to end up.
Those intelligent blue eyes still intently focused on John, Sherlock cut him off, lips forming the words, “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Does the Aerie look like the sort of place that has droves of people wandering the halls singing?” Sherlock replied with his own question.
“Sherlock, w-what are you trying to tell me?” John finally managed to choke out, licking his lower lip before biting it, brows knitting together while he waited for Sherlock to answer not fast enough. Sherlock sighed out another cloud and flopped backwards on the blanket to properly stare at the sky.
“I said, will you stop procrastinating so we can leave?” Sherlock asked, thankfully not mentioning the fact that John had completely zoned out staring off into space at past ghosts while at the same time only confusing him more.
“Isn’t that your job though? As a rider in this division,” John asked, curious about this strange man and what exactly he did if he was ignoring his commander’s orders.
“Two to three times a week when he at his most active,” Tom replied, returning to where John was leaning against the closed lid of the cart.
“What?” John replied, turning back to Sherlock, who stared up at the ceiling like he was confessing to something on a psychiatrist’s couch rather than just talking to John on their sofa.
“Mr Holmes, look, I don’t know what’s going on but if you could get to the point, I’ve got somewhere to be…” John trailed off as a huge fish swam by the window, not a toothy shark, one of the other ones swimming in schools throughout the tank. It darted past again before slowly drifting by. It was a large tuna fish… and John couldn’t help but feel as though it was staring at them, which was weird because it’s not like fish had eyelids, they always seemed to be staring at things.
“Is this normal?” John asked finally, done with his food. He looked over to see Sherlock giving him a questioning stare. “Do other Riders do this? Watch the last dragons on Christmas Eve? They’re down there aren’t they?” John clarified, nodding towards the walls where he suspected other riders and keepers might be. Sherlock’s eyes followed John’s nod, looking out at the black maze amongst the twinkling lights.
Hyperion himself seemed drugged. He wasn’t moving much, and when he did it was with a lazy groan and sluggish motions, which reminded John of seeing the family dogs drugged for travel. That didn’t make him any less frightened, since the drugs seemed to be dulling the effects of the bond minutely. John could feel Hyperion pushing comfort and calm at him, but it was a slow trickle compared to the full waves he had experienced before.
“You can’t do that again, you putting yourself in danger just to prove you’re clever, or whatever the hell was going on in that thick skull of yours, you scared the hell out of her”--he waved at the sleeping form of Bellamy--“and me,” John added.
“You take this end with your good arm and I’ll take the other end, and we’ll feed him the last of his medicine,” Tom instructed, lifting the whole chunk and letting John take the smaller side where the ribs narrowed down. John looked at the powder sticking to his hand as he got a good grip.
“Sally,” Lestrade prompted, taking the last big blanket from her. Sally sighed and wandered away to do Lestrade’s bidding. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you!”
It was one photo, of the inside of one large aquarium tank, featuring two massive fish who happened to be swimming near the glass. John immediately recognized Sherlock’s large tuna fish form with a mixed pang of humor, affection, and horror.
“Of course love, we’ll talk more in the morning,” John said affectionately, stroking through dark curls. He stayed awake listening to the gentle snuffling of Sherlock falling asleep for a little while longer before he finally shuffled down a bit and dozed off, with one arm wrapped protectively around Sherlock’s chest.
“Look, Sherlock, I’m not going to hit you or punch you or any of that nonsense, I just want you to talk to me. We seem to have had a miscommunication somewhere, just, sit down and we can discuss this like proper adults.” John said calmly.
“An experiment in the differences between Frilled and Plated Sicklefang acid decomposition rates,” he stated simply, putting the lightly tinkling jar away.
He knelt down and took the knife and the book, the horrible leathery thing. John set it on the floor and took aim to run it through with the knife. Jim’s glowing eyes shot up to him and she screamed “No!” trying to dive for the book, but it was all too late. John brought the knife down and sank it through the cover and into the pages.
“Bonding’s over, I’m afraid. We gave you a couple extra days to get good and close to him, but now you’ve got to test it and separate for a bit, rejoin the rest of the Aerie.” Sally told him calmly. Hyperion’s eyes popped open at her statement. A large hot snort blew her tied back hair forward and she turned to look him in the face. “Hyperion, you know he has to go sometime, you’ve done this before, remember, with Victor?” Sally used a gentle voice with the dragon, trying to keep the moment calm, but John could feel a very clear rising anxiety at the back of his skull emanating from Hyperion, ‘don’t leave me alone please don’t leave me.’
Sherlock’s skin prickled as well, tiny raised spines rippling across his tensed surface in a mirror of John’s. John’s own spikes only grew at the echoed visual cue. “Fine!” He shouted, “I thought you might actually be growing as a person for a moment there. Apparently I was wrong.”
The gun, he could use the gun. He pulled the cool metal from the back of his waistband. He lined up the shot as quickly as possible, trying to remember to breathe, keeping steady even though the rest of him was a madhouse of adrenaline and nerves.
The agents, after a few moments of disorientation, had provided Sherlock with the means to call his brother. In total there had been fifteen other people who had emerged from the water after Jim’s spellbook had met its demise at John’s hands. A handful of them had needed some friendly coaxing by John to leave the water, a number of them embarrassed by their nudity or simply afraid to come out. A couple more had been in their fish state for so long they had trouble returning to land and using their regained legs.
“I wasn’t looking for them, they weren’t particularly well hidden. I rearranged your sock drawer by the way, surprised you didn’t notice.”
When Sherlock finally pulled away, his hands still holding John’s head, the deep baritone said huskily, “like you,” then there was a light peck to the end of his nose and Sherlock’s hands let go, only for his arms to relocate under John’s in a bit of a bear hug.
“You were messing around with one of the computers this morning, before I turned into a fish. What were you doing?” John asked, the nearby info screen jogging his memory of that morning.
John hadn’t seen the front gates of the Aerie yet and they were an intimidating sight, Giant bronze dragons, like the lions at Trafalgar square, sat on both sides of a wide multi-lane road leading through a huge stretch of grassy landscape that appeared to surround the Aerie walls for as far as the eye could see in both directions. A bowed curve of columns stretched outwards from either side of the gate itself. They reminded John of the front of the county hall building down by the Thames. The gate itself was a massive wrought-iron construction, black bars and filigrees towering high. Like the wooden doors in the dragon hall, multiple smaller gates stood open at the bottom, with guards at their sides checking cars and allowing them passage into or out of the Aerie.
“You are staying with Hyperion tonight, aren’t you? It’s certainly the best course of action considering the high amount of stress he’s endured today. There should be blankets there already but they’ve not been laundered recently.”
John watched as Sherlock extended a yellow tendril and draped it into the offered mug. The level of the amber liquid descended after a moment and the darker fluid visibly traveled up the finger of a tentacle before disappearing into the translucency of Sherlock’s mass. Of course he knew Sherlock could maintain the ‘silent treatment’ for days on end, but he could already tell it wouldn’t come to that. What Sherlock lacked in the emotional maturity department John made up for in spades, and he knew Sherlock didn’t like it when John was upset.
John had tried to lunge for her the moment she kicked Sherlock, but the shark man holding his arms had him down in a second pinning him to the floor much like the other one had Sherlock. John stopped struggling when he saw the tall woman take a few steps towards him, the clack of her boots enough of a threat. “Is he a pet? Did your big brother give you a friend to play with? But that doesn’t explain why he turns into a fish... what have you been up to, Sherlock?” Moriarty continued questioning, in an unnervingly sweet tone as she crouched down near Sherlock, as though she hadn’t just attacked him.
“Only to my flat, all right?” John said, opening the door. Anthea huffed a small laugh before going back to her phone. The rest of the car ride was quiet, John watching the halls this time, glancing up at the signs every time they slowed at a corner. They passed workers as they went and John wondered if they recognized the car, if it was a regular feature in the Aerie. So many questions he wanted to ask Hyperion, but the dragon still lay napping on the other end of the bond and John didn’t want to wake him unless necessary.
“What was that?” Lestrade called, tugging at the bandage over the wound; even at a distance John could see a very faint tinge of red seeping through.
; he needed to be on her back. She lurched into a sudden dive and John thought he would be sick as she darted right towards a large building complex, a feeling of weightlessness gripping his stomach.
Angelo just chuckled again. “You two have been the talk of the Aerie today ever since word got round that Sherlock brought in a newly hatched baby this morning. Master Knight was talking about it over dinner.”
“I’m-I’m sorry John,” he finally panted out, still shivering. The phrase almost didn’t sound right coming out of Sherlock’s mouth.
They sat there for a moment, John looking at the house. “Well, go on,” Anthea prompted, still typing on her blackberry.
The fish bumped him again pushing him up against the wall this time. It was the dark-colored tuna that lived in the tank. He hadn’t seen it since the day he started, not that he’d really been specifically looking for it. It had him pressed against the light blue wall with its massive barrel of a body. But the view was strange and distorted, bubbled out like he was looking through those fisheye lenses he’d seen in movies. The fish slid along his body till its large silver eye came even with John’s head. It pushed him again. Then he saw it: another large thin tail right behind him. He tried to spin to see the other fish pushing at him but saw nothing, just continued to float in a circle under the water with the tail staying in the same place at the edge of his vision. It then occurred to him to turn the other direction and catch it that way, but when he did it moved too, staying right there on the periphery. He’d gotten away from the wall and was disorientedly turning in space until that darker tuna appeared again and started pushing at the tail.
“Why can’t you go and work with the police, then?” John asked Sherlock, interrupting the shouting match in the thankfully deserted hall. Lestrade looked at him like he’d forgotten he was there and took a moment to reply.
“I have been told that I should apologize for my earlier behavior,” Sherlock stated bluntly, making Jim spin around to look up at Sherlock with wide eyes.
“Oh, he ran off to use the public bath didn’t he?” John caught on quickly. “Well I didn’t want to leave you alone that long. Am I really that shocking?” He asked, slowly shuffling closer to the edge of the fountain to conceal himself against the wall. “Or is it you’ve just never seen a naked human before?” A negative darted across the bond quickly followed by a positive as Hyperion tried to answer the questions. John caught a faint flicker of an image in his mind: man pulling clothes tight, adding to them, cold, no, concealed, loving, friendly, but private. Contact, body warmth in hands, and face, and… feet? Maybe, rarely though.
“He’s stiff from staying in one position for too long, and any painkillers he had at Kandahar have most likely worn off long ago,” Lestrade replied, walking around Hyperion’s legs. “He can make it, just take it slow. He can rest and lean on a wall if he wants, no laying down again until he’s in his pit. I get a feeling once he’s down he’s staying there for a while.”
“Oh,” Sherlock’s look of confusion smoothed again and he flopped his head onto John’s shoulder once more, “I didn’t manage to stop myself.”
“What am I doing?! They’re the ones who decided to raid my flat while I was out!” Sherlock rounded on John, only just barely keeping from spitting on him with the vehemence in his voice. Sherlock’s usually aloof mask was gone, a wildness in his eyes as he watched Dimmock and Sally rummage through the biohazard that was their kitchen. John grabbed Sherlock and made the rider lean down and look at him.
“Morning to you too,” John murmured, pushing back. The response drew a grunt from Sherlock. John waited patiently for his bedmate to become cognizant of his surroundings. The gentle huff of a silent yawn hit the back of his neck and the hand John was still holding to his chest gripped back.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder, blinking up at John. “Why don’t we go back in there, get dressed, and relax. You just had a really stressful moment Sherlock, lying in a cold bathtub isn’t helping, is it?” Sherlock looked down again, taking a moment to try to think before he started to shift. John smiled as Sherlock sat up, bunching the towel in his lap self-consciously.
“I do not,” Sherlock replied quickly, straightening up and looking at John as though he’d slapped him.
“Oh, don’t pretend you haven’t looked at me in the same way. I’ve seen you staring; you seem to like my arse, my hands, my feet, and my hair, not in any particular order. But I have caught you staring at my cock on a number of occasions particularly while swimming--”
“Well, the twin to the one that got brought to Molly is still intact; it’s going back to Cardiff. There’s a couple here that are definitely staying with us since they’re basically hatching right in front of me. We’re going to have some new keepers soon. The rest are going to Molly so we can try to figure out what’s in them and where they came from. God, none of these have their marks, they’ve all been cleaned.” The last bit sounded like Lestrade was talking more to himself, a note of frustration in his voice.
“You are feeling insecure, don’t,” John spoke with his mind, projecting the equivalent of a hug through the light touch.
“I have you both, don’t need him,” he said, starting to shuffle around John and towards the doors, the knife pressed to Sherlock’s cheek digging in slightly, opening a tiny red cut.
John looked to Sherlock’s face and saw a tiny crease of conflict there between his brows. He actually looked a touch nervous as his eyes went towards his own room and back to John. Instead of replying Sherlock swooped down for a much firmer kiss than before, really pushing hard into it, claiming John’s lips. John picked up on what he was doing quickly. He was stalling, rather than answer Sherlock went back to what they’d been doing before, the better moment. John pulled away gently putting a little more distance between them so he could properly see Sherlock.
The mention of his sister sent a very sudden panicked throb through John’s chest. He hadn’t even thought about her, hadn’t even attempted to contact her at all in months. He’d wanted to give her space after the rather disastrous first reaction to the news of him becoming a dragon rider, and then had completely forgotten to make the second attempt and indeed had forgotten all about getting her a Christmas gift.
God, it was hard not to think about, though. Sherlock wasn’t nearly as skin and bones as John had thought. He was lean, maybe a razor’s edge to too thin but otherwise well-muscled all over. John had seen his upper torso very briefly the first night they’d met, but he hadn’t really gotten an eyeful like he just had done. Sherlock had his share of small silver scars, but for the most part he was all smooth and milky white with little to nothing in the way of tanlines from the flat plane of his belly the slight hint of hip lines showing above the towel, to his strong pectorals with sparse hair.John couldn’t help noticing that Sherlock walked back to his room with a sway in his hips that drew the eye to the dip of his spine in his lower back, flashing the backs of those long thick thighs and calves that the riding leathers had barely tried to hide before. If John didn’t know better he’d say Sherlock did it on purpose.
“I didn’t wake her up, Molly is normally up early, even on weekends,” Sherlock said, already turning to go back downstairs.
“He’s a psychopath, hangs around dead things a little too much. There’s things not right about him. It makes me cringe sometimes thinking about the day when he might snap, when he’s killed someone, or a dragon.” Sally made an exaggerated shiver, her face grim. “You're better off avoiding him, and lock your door when you sleep.”
The phantom pain intensified, making John feel the need to limp himself, the pain sticking in his leg around his thigh in roughly the same location as the wound on Hyperion’s hindquarters. The longer they stood still the more John felt it, and the more it worried him, so he called Lestrade over.
Sherlock made an annoyed groan and stood starting to walk swiftly in the direction of the shark tank, John following close behind.
They passed through into the nesting and hatching grounds, past workers tending to eggs and securing doorways. Compared to the rest of the Aerie it was oddly quiet. John had never come into this area before though he’d seen down the halls from a distance; there was simply no reason to explore there and there hadn’t yet been a hatching ceremony to attend. Sherlock turned into one of the doors along the long hallway and was abruptly stopped when the smaller access door did not give way under his palm. John finally caught up to him as he started knocking. No one answered.
His website wasn’t flashy mostly it contained analytical blog posts about various chemical experiments he’d performed. Interesting stuff, but you’d never know he was a dragon rider by it until you got to the comments and the small snippets of cases that poked through.
A part of John’s heart clenched at the addition. Sherlock had taken Bellamy because he knew a dragon could never and would never leave its bonded rider, no matter what his future held he’d at least have her. “But how?” John asked quietly, almost more to himself than anything, wondering how he’d managed to get her.
“John, dinner’s here, and I’ve brought guests who have promised to be nice and quiet,” Sally said from what sounded like right on the other side of Hyperion’s neck.
“I really think I would,” John replied, amused at Sherlock devolving into what seemed like embarrassment.
“I-I really wasn’t hurting him I swear,” John said, covering his face with a hand in embarrassment at what he was about to admit. “Just was tickling him to get him to talk to me, s’all,” he mumbled.
He continued to sputter for a bit. "How? I… What?” before Bellamy nudged his back with her nose, pushing him into John. She was determined to bring them together now John was sure of it.
“See, weird,” John said watching Sherlock’s eyes close with a slightly blissful look on his face as he bent his neck into John’s hands like a massive cat.
John finished the rest of his food quickly, Hyperion still watching but at least understanding he would not be getting more.
They made their way back to their division and their hallway. The walls were further decorated with long rows of colorful lights and the occasional ornament-laden wreath topped with remaining frost and icicles from the previous days wet weather. Thankfully, the Aerie was well equipped to keep the open aired halls scraped free of slush with a thin layer of sand to cover any remaining ice. John watched Sherlock as he led the way back and couldn’t help but notice him acting a little antsy. It seemed like he kept checking if John was still there, looking over his shoulder; Sherlock looked like he was stopping himself from running ahead, Bellamy keeping him in check by staying closer to Hyperion for safety.
“The skull.” John remembered seeing Sherlock carrying a human skull around with him in a handful of the videos he’d watched.
“You were trying to seduce me?” John chuckled. Now he was remembering all the times: Sherlock in sheets, in short towels, in underwear and swim shorts, in those skin tight leathers, and the yoga. Definitely not pushing John away there.
“A Suchivat lived in the pit before Bellamy, an Indian Pricklejaw,” Sherlock said before he seemed to realized John wouldn’t know what exactly that was and why it would need features for climbing in its home. “They’re a very arboreal species, rarely touching the ground in their native habitat. They sleep curled like snakes in the Y’s of trees, just thick enough in the shoulders to be fitted for a single rider’s saddle, very long-bodied and quick. That one retired to live out the remainder of its days somewhere near Katmandu.” Sherlock rambled off storing away the sprayer, finished with his watering.
Sherlock’s eyes refocused on John. "No, I merely saved a woman’s life, I didn’t catch her captor,” he said.
“I doubt it is, this person wants to watch me solve puzzles; I highly doubt they would want to kill me at the start.” Sherlock said, rolling his eyes as though that should have been obvious.
He didn't stop for long though, plush mouth sloppily kissing his way up the side of John’s neck, lipping the open gills there briefly. The hand on John's cock started moving again, with more intent, trying to bring him off. His other hand joined in, a couple dexterous fingers pressing up hard behind John's testicles, stimulating his prostate some more while he gently tried to thrust before his cock softened. Everything intensified in that moment for John and he clung to Sherlock, heels digging into his back as John's toes curled at a surprising spike in pleasure. Sherlock locked his mouth over John’s as he finally tipped over the edge and came as well, eyes snapping shut as pleasure mixed with the odd sensations of their submersion to create a curiously mind-blowing orgasm.
“I won’t lie I am, doesn’t mean you don’t get to say no,” John said pulling away a little more, he hadn’t realized how hard he’d been pressed to Sherlock’s hip. “I meant more along the lines of actually sleeping, tomorrow’s Christmas, and I had plans too,” He added, “maybe not as romantic, but plans with presents involved.” John smiled reassuringly.
Hyperion had brought his head down close, nearly nudging Tom away with his nose. “Sorry,” John said quietly. Tom leaned down to him.
Sherlock hummed again, “all the nice girls love a soldier,” Sherlock quoted, “or in my case nice boys I guess.”
“The first punished me. Three, five, eight, nine, twelve, thirteen, and fourteen all had various physical ways of showing their displeasure with my behavior, my deductions, my work, and my presence in their lives,” Sherlock listed, still staring at the ceiling. “Ten threw a teacup at my head before she left. Eleven was by far the kindest, a retired military rider,” John saw the corners of Sherlock’s lips twitch upwards in a tiny smile before they fell again, “he didn’t stay long, though. Two, four, six, and seven were idiots of the highest order.”
“I don’t mind, you’re still learning. He’s a South African Mountain Springer, a sort of Hummer variety from the east side of the African continent,” Mrs Hudson told him
“Well now she might actually do that, since she caught you snooping,” John replied and he felt Sherlock’s mood take a sharp turn downward at the thought. He felt Sherlock’s mind sinking with thoughts of what else he could have done, and it really was his fault a murderer was slipping away and how his impatience allowed for that to happen, down down down. John gave in after a minute of Sherlock sinking into a gloomy mood and squished him close again. “Love, you know I don’t like seeing you get into a funk,” he said, lightly rocking with Sherlock wrapped up in his appendages.
“Calcium powder mostly, with a few more vitamins mixed in. Dr Hooper’s blend for the dragons. They all get this in their diet, Hyperion’s just getting a bit extra for now. Easier to give it all at once.” Tom led John towards Hyperion with their load between them. Hyperion didn’t snap at the offering; the hunger crossing the bond had lessened significantly and in the presence of John’s brief bout of nerves Hyperion appeared to be moving extra slowly just for him, gold eye trained on John rather than the biggest chunk of meat in the meal.
“How often do you talk about what happened when you were less than thirteen?” Sherlock replied with his own question. “Most of them leave before then, maybe a year or two later, they don’t talk about it much most likely and some of the information is common if you are looking for it. I defy you to google some of the more basic principles about dragons, like what to do if a bit of draconic acid gets on your skin, maybe how to keep certain types of small dragons away from your home. The facts are out there, given enough searching. Given the advent of the internet there are threads that begin with a ‘what can I do about some dragon related issue?’ and a reply may be from a person who ‘used to live in an Aerie for a while’. There’s your ex-nestling sharing what little information they might remember on a public platform. They go on to live their lives, they get jobs, they look and act like average people!”
“Well hello, you’re the one who scratched up my flatmate, huh?” John looked down at the pale belly presented and the big eyes staring up at him as she held her tail in her balled-up posture.
“Mrs Hudson!” he called, leaning out the door to shout down the stairwell. After a moment of silence and a loud croak from Angus heard her call back up the stairs.
Time passed. For John there was a moment of horrific embarrassment when his fish body decided to defecate; that was the one time the other tuna let him flee and hide in a corner of the tank for a while. John felt completely horrified by the fact that his body had just relieved itself in front of hundreds of onlooking people.
John continued to wind his way through the aquarium, he could still hear Sebbie behind him. But it was only a matter of time before another bullet whizzed by. The shot hit the fish tank next to him, piercing the thick acrylic front and sending water spraying forth, catching John in the mess and making him stumble and fall.
And then the change happened, and John’s amusement only grew as Sherlock listed around the tank, still bumping into things but at least his more streamlined fish body let him slide by. Then he’d pick up a burst of speed, riling up the other fish around him before slowing down, leaving a confused school of fish swarming around him for a moment until he did it again.
“Mmm. No,” he said, and got up, took his cup to the sink, and continued back towards his room. John got up to follow.
Molly re-covered the area with more gauze and climbed down again, finally coming up to Hyperion’s head.
John hummed a response and they both became quiet while drinking their tea. Sherlock was nearly done with his third biscuit when John spoke again.
John followed him a short time later, leaning over against the back wall of the dim alcove, still gently playing with Sherlock’s hair as he drifted away.
“Mmm, yes that would be a sound idea,” Sherlock murmured as he leaned across John to flick the dim table lamp off, plunging them deeper into darkness, the glow of street lamps the only illumination left.
“Six years,” Sherlock filled in. John paused and Sherlock added, “There were fourteen before him. He lasted the longest.”
“To which not all of them commit. Not all of them will become riders or keepers. Most will, others will leave and return to their families and schools. They are actually getting what is considered a proper education here, you know,” Sherlock snapped, sounding mildly defensive about even the thought that the quality of the Aerie’s schooling might be considered questionable. “It’s not all dragons and athletics. I for one was particularly gifted at chemistry,” he added with a small huff that shook his curls slightly.
“No, not at all,” John had said. Of all the things Sherlock could have been doing, yoga was extremely safe and tame, no unpleasant odors beyond maybe the light tang of sweat, no rotting things or biohazardous materials involved, and it kept Sherlock occupied rather than vibrating out of his chair in restlessness. Add on the perk of seeing Sherlock’s handsome physique contorting smoothly through postures and poses and John couldn’t be happier to have him performing as he typed a blog post or read a book for class.
“Jim? Jim Moriarty?” Sherlock’s voice rasped nearby, John couldn’t see him right away, but he did get to see Jim’s face at the recognition. That creepy smile spread across her face, her eyes finally left his to look over at Sherlock, and the hand finally let go of his hair.
“I can’t feel him,” John mumbled. He’d only been connected to the creature for a short amount of time, but it didn’t feel right when it was gone, like there was something missing in his brain.
“I’m going to fuck you Sherlock.” John’s hands were suddenly on his arse, the skin smacking sharply under his palms in the quiet room, spreading him open. John’s bare prick slid between his cheeks, slicked up with lube. It slid easily over Sherlock’s hole, not penetrating, just the underside ghosting over it now and then as John bore down and rutted against him again.
The flight to London was a nerve-wracking event. John spent about an hour or so after the radio returned off and on pinging the flight crew, talking nervously about anything he could think of, just so it wouldn’t be so quiet he could hear the great wing beats of the giant dragon above him. Once he had exhausted that route and could no longer think of anything to ask them, he crawled over to Hyperion again, determinedly
“Should have stripped out of these,” Sherlock mumbled looking down at himself. As pleasurable as the night had been, the feeling of come crusted into his pubic hair was not even remotely pleasant.
John had relocated to the sofa and dozed off watching TV with Hyperion tuned in across the bond. It was something he’d only just started doing after they’d shared the flight together. It seemed to use energy, because it always ended up making John tired after some time of doing it. In 23 years Victor hadn’t tried this with him. Any television Hyperion had seen had been through windows or via the big screens on the sides of buildings in cities, Victor hadn’t let Hyperion just have the bond and watch it through his eyes. This was something brand new to both of them for once, and it made John smile and a little tug of happiness pulled at his heart for Hyperion. Hyperion liked watching TV. He liked watching the silly humans do things and talk and laugh, things that weren’t especially funny to John or might have been worn out tropes made Hyperion’s end of the bond rattle with humor and happiness. He didn’t much care for very dramatic or violent things and John didn’t blame him, saw a lot of it in the wars and didn’t want to see it at home. It was easy enough to avoid.
“This is how we can talk to you, make sure you are alright down here, and it works both ways. just pick up this little receiver and you can talk to one of us up top too.” He pulled a receiver on a long cable out of a little recessed spot on the wall and clicked the button on its side to show him how it worked.
John shook his head to clear the image just as Sherlock was lifting himself out of the held position, keeping his feet together, toes pointed at the ceiling, sinewy legs straight, palms flattened to the floor as he uncurled with a deep sigh.
John actually found some food in the cabinets, nowhere near well-stocked, but at least there were some canned soups and vegetables. The terrifying part though was that in the cabinets alongside the clearly labeled and sealed food were jars of things, some looked like specimens and others just jars filled with goo. A couple looked like they were just growing fuzzy things inside. John steered clear of those and picked up a can of soup for a sort of brunch. There was no bread in the bread box though there was a thankfully clean erlenmeyer flask tipped on its side shoved in instead. The real shock came when he opened the refrigerator door and promptly slammed it closed again.
“Kind of hard not to, do you intentionally have your riding outfits tailored a size too small?” John asked with a smile.
“People will talk,” Sherlock murmured as a crooked smile appeared on his face, his hand gripped John’s.
“And it looks a bit of a disaster,” John added, eyes roaming over the somewhat organized chaos of piles that littered the room.
“We are ready to load you on to Sig here, so I’m going to need you to get in with your dragon, sir,” he said politely, gesturing at the crate where Hyperion’s body was already curled. The dragon himself lifted his head away from John and obediently tucked himself the rest of the way in, out of the way of the door. The moment his hand left Hyperion’s face John’s heart accelerated again, the calmness he gained when in contact with the dragon fading quickly. John looked up at the crate as though the fairly luxurious-looking box had just transformed into a tomb, and his last wish was not to be locked into it. The crewman seemed to notice when John’s face paled and his knees turned to jelly, and laid a hand on his good shoulder.
“All those times you traipsed half naked through the flat weren’t accidents, were they?” John asked. Sherlock gave a small sigh.
“He-he crashed! You said. He crashed.” John panted out, trying to breathe with her, but the panicky feeling constricting his throat didn’t want to go away. The warm feeling he’d felt from Hyperion’s mind was not there anymore and it worried him.
Sherlock stopped short on the other side of the table, an eyebrow raised momentarily before he dropped it, and with a smile that looked too fake to be any more than a polite gesture responded, “yes,” before sauntering off down the hall towards the bathroom.
“I-- I hid it… In Hyperion’s pit,” He pointed in Hyperion’s direction. “Threw it in one of the flower pots for now.”
“Just don’t prod at him too much, he’s had a rough day,” John smiled, watching as the other kids nodded along with her. Sally set another large lunch box down on the mat for John along with an identical second one.
“How about it Hyperion, can you turn over for Dr Molly?” Hyperion let out a long, tired groan before he began tucking his limbs back under himself, his numbed hind leg having a only little trouble with the move, scrabbling against the mat a bit until he managed to gain purchase with his toes. He rolled over on his belly and flopped with his back to them, shakily opening his freed left wing behind him to expose his right shoulder.
John laid his hand on her nose finally. She was warm, but not in the same way as Hyperion, she was a fiery warm, but the feeling didn’t travel up his arm or suffuse his body and mind like when he was in contact with Hyperion. It was that moment John realized he couldn’t begin to know what she was thinking. Hyperion was an open book to him every movement, every little twitch of his face easily readable. Staring into Bellamy’s blue eyes John realized she was about as big of a mystery to him as her rider still was. John had no practice reading dragon body language outside of the bond with Hyperion. Angus had been easy; he was small and his frills helped in reading him like signal flags. Bellamy seemed to like John, if anything she was curious about him, but any other interpretations beyond that would be an absolute stab in the dark.
“No need to apologize, Dr Watson, We’ve seen all sorts of reactions to dragons and to flying here: the fainters, the screamers, the shaky and uncertain, we just handle each one as they come. They’ve got to fly to get to where they’re going eventually.” He said light-heartedly. That did make John feel a bit better.
“I mean about you,” John replied, watching Sherlock’s eyes for that shine of understanding, “I just said something that made you uncomfortable. I just wanted you to know, it’s fine, we can talk about it if you want to.” The light appeared as Sherlock cottoned to what John was saying.
“Pla-plant… planet… Pluto!” Sherlock cried, trying to work out the word as John continued to buck into him, pinning his head while he reached around to grab at Sherlock’s softened penis.
‘Dear Mr Holmes’ or ‘Dear Sherlock Holmes’ littered the comments as people presented their cases to him on public forum instead of using the email address at the top of the page. People would ask him to solve some of the oddest things and then the most of the comment lines would end there, with no clue as to how the case ended or if he even took it to begin with. Some simply ended with a ‘thank you’ note.
When his scarlet skin had been split Sherlock had instantly devolved from his human form and thrown himself upon John. John’s mind was shrieking in agony both at the injury and the horrifyingly violent contact the slasher had imparted on him by grabbing him before the knife came down. Sherlock kept John’s viscera from seeping out by plastering himself to him, literally using his own skin, paled with fear, as a bandage until help came.
“That’s alright, having a bunch of different teachers?” John asked, a little worried by the fact that Jim seemed to disappear off and on fairly frequently.
“Watch me.” Sherlock doubled down on his threat. “I want to fly freely beyond the walls again, whether you do or not.” Determination shone in his eyes and that pleasant trill traveled John’s spine again as he barely licked his lips. Not quite sure what to say, but not wanting to give Sherlock the last word yet again, John held his stance. A not so small part of him liked having Sherlock so close.
Sherlock seemed to realize how much he’d royally screwed up as he watched John, his color paling slightly. “She’s not just hiding evidence, she’s hiding a body somewhere on the premises as well, found a man’s gardening service uniform, accidental death possibly, unlikely though, going by the bruising on her wrist.” Sherlock began rattling off dully, his entire golden form drooping as though he were melting just from looking at John’s anger.
“You might be able to, the pieces are probably still up there.” John nodded his head towards the grating above them.
“Partner,” John interjected, watching Sherlock’s eyes suddenly dart to him with a questioning glance of ‘what is the word for us?’
They were allowed to cross the landing field rather than walk around its perimeter in order to reach the baths in the Veterinary division. John began to feel Hyperion’s wounds aching around the midway point across the field, but they did little to dampen Hyperion’s happy mood. The dragon was so happy just to see other dragons for the first time in weeks, his head turning to and fro looking at the incoming and outgoing traffic of the landing field.
Hyperion was experiencing flight for the first time in months via John. With the bond wide open he was seeing what John was seeing, feeling the rush of wind on his outstretched arms and translating it to air currents on his spread wings down below. And Hyperion was ecstatic.
“Hush, hush now, I’ve got you,” He crooned, grabbing the rider’s face. He seemed just a boy to John; he couldn’t have been more than a year or two beyond his teens.
Very quickly the restaurant was covered in agents clad in black bulletproof vests. John was sitting being treated by staff and someone who had appeared with a much larger first aid kit, when Mycroft strode through the doors and past the wall of black-clad people blocking it. He looked far less put together than John had ever seen him previously; his wispy hair was ruffled, his tie askew, he lacked the jacket to his three piece suit and had only a longer coat thrown over waistcoat and long sleeves. His appearance betrayed the calm look on his face.
John was bending to sign when a large silver fist descended next to him and Sherlock was placed like a doll next to John. Sherlock huffed at the manhandling but snatched up a pen, signing Bellamy’s name in as well.
“What was all the fuss about me being a burden and being saddled with me then? I distinctly remember you threatening to burn something of mine in an experiment.”
John’s eyes were instantly drawn to one of the brightest dragons there, sitting near a rack of harnesses with a disgruntled looking Sally sitting nearby. John hadn’t gotten to meet Melinda yet. The class he’d been a part of had made their visit with her before he had joined them and there wasn’t much point to train with her like the nestlings did considering there was no danger of him being selected for an egg containing one of her species.
John hadn’t realized just how warm he’d gotten until the blanket that was Sherlock shifted off of him, exposing him to the fresh air of the room. The sudden coolness made him tense, shrinking inwards for a brief moment. But Sherlock was still nearby, pressed up to his side.
Hyperion groaned with nearly every breath, large chest visibly heaving. John limped out across the sand to where Hyperion’s head lay, golden eyes wide and mouth open, huffing sand. He was trembling.
The room looked like a veritable jungle compared to Hyperion’s, plants and trees in pots and planters everywhere, great bushy greenery and flowers and rubbing trees like Hyperion’s. The furnishings were similar to Hyperion’s, a large mat at the opposite end of the room, cabinets and workbenches in alcoves. In the center of the jungle though, in a dug-out hole in the sand, lay a beautiful silver creature. From nose to tail the sleek dragon was a gorgeous silver, not a perfect mirror chrome, nowhere close, but its scales shone in the natural light of the open ceiling. The silver reflected the bright blue of the sky and the green of the plants, casting it in a somewhat warped powdery blue and dark green shade along its back. It was smaller than Hyperion, but only slightly; what it lacked in leg height it made up for in length and span as John watched it uncurl and stand in a graceful fluid motion, stretching out long white-silver webbed wings and pulling them back in in a quick snapping motion. Poor Hyperion was a clunky mess compared to the elegance this creature exuded. It had a long face similar to Hyperion’s, but jutting from its head, instead of the crown of horns Hyperion boasted, it had a pair of long ivory white horns curving upwards. A smooth area continued down its neck between them, and spines of smaller white thorns protruded below them along its jaw, creating almost a fan of white horns on either side. Its eyes were blue, a bright blue that faded to a lighter shade around the pupil.
John had gone and gotten the food while Sherlock stayed with Hyperion, supervising and helping the dragon arrange things. He kept an eye on the bond the entire time, not entirely for safety purposes but because feeling Hyperion interact with Sherlock was endearing. Sherlock treated Hyperion with the same sort of affection John had glimpsed him using with Bellamy, the kind he showed when no one but the dragons were around, and it warmed John’s heart a little even though he wasn’t really the one receiving the affection.
“A little bored, yeah, but it’s true that you are interesting, and I would like to learn more about my… tankmate,” John replied, just as a unicornfish poked its long nose around the corner and proceeded to stare Sherlock down, it seemed. There was a moment of silence, and John noticed Sherlock look briefly over at him a few more times as if contemplating whether he should share his cases. Sherlock let out a large sigh.
The following week passed incredibly slowly for John. Nurses came and went, checking on him, bringing him food and water, changing bandages, and helping bathe him. The patients transferred in and out around him, victims of war in varying states of injury, from burns to breaks to amputees and worse; they rotated out of the beds around him.
John sighed affectionately and patted him on the nose. “You didn’t need to be flashy,” he said. “Now come on, I don’t think they want you laying here to dry, don’t hurt yourself, that’s it, let’s go lay next Bellamy, huh?” John coaxed Hyperion into getting up and the poor waterlogged thing hobbled up the terraces to a vacant spot next to Bellamy, flopping down, and spreading out on the sun-warmed rock. Hyperion gave one last catlike stretch: forearms forward, toes splayed, wings stretched as far as they could go until John began to feel a keen twinge in his shoulder across the bond, a massive toothy yawn, and then he relaxed, nearly falling asleep right there.
“You’re not allowed to leave without a rider?” John said aloud, bringing Bellamy’s erratic pacing to a halt once again as she lanced another angered look at him.
She did eventually leave, but not until after the tannoy warned that the Aquarium would soon be closing. In the meantime John quickly darted away and up to where Sherlock was drifting, nudging him and trying to get his attention to look over at the window. If Sherlock got the message John didn’t know it as he continued to drift until the time to change came.
“She’s not the one up here though,” John said as Sherlock gave him a look that read confusion at John’s laughter, “you are the one that set this all up, she didn’t tell you to come up here specifically or what food to prepare did she?”
She ushered the both of them inside to the small foyer. Sherlock made an attempt at going up the stairs, but she stopped him with a hand on his coat sleeve and a gentle word about how he looked skinny as a rail. With that she managed to loop them into having a bite to eat in her parlor. John sat and munched happily on the biscuits and nibbles and tea she provided while Sherlock kept glancing at the door after the first bit of offered food.
John could almost see it with more of the man’s pale skin uncovered - he was a shark. The paler blotches of a shark’s belly marked his throat and the underside of his chin, the broad nose became the point of a shark’s nose, and those teeth. John actually had to dodge them in that moment as the brute of a man dove for him, mouth open, and actually attempted to bite John’s nose off.
When John stepped through the door he was instantly greeted by a rather loud angry hiss. John cast his gaze around the room. It was a huge oval shaped space with a large tarp stretched over the top to make a ceiling, otherwise it was bare save for a large round structure in the center that looked like an in ground swimming pool filled with sand, and a very large and unhappy-sounding tan dragon.
“Stay awake boy!” the woman’s voice shouted at him much closer now; she was out of her saddle hanging off of her dragon’s harness as it helped Hyperion stay up in the air.
Straightening up, John looked into Sherlock’s slightly hooded eyes, smile still plastered on his face as he gazed blearily into John’s eyes. Taking pity, John leaned forward and laid a rather chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips; he didn’t fail to notice Sherlock’s head following his as he leaned back.
“It’s alright Molly,” The man, Henry, said with a small worried looking smile. “I understand, Luke here’s been waiting a couple years now, just never got an egg. He’s got high marks though, good head on his shoulders, he’ll make a fine rider.” He said, patting the almost shaking skinny redhead on the back. The boy didn’t seem to even be paying attention to what was being said, his eye’s were fixed on the open stall doorway. “Go on, Luke. You’ve got a dragon waiting for you,” Henry gave him a small nudge and Luke lurched forward up to Molly.
“That didn’t feel very long,” John commented as Sherlock shucked out of his clothes, John mirroring him as he talked, trying to ignore the fact that he was once again naked next to Sherlock. “Are you sure it’s already morning?” The aquarium being completely underground with no windows did throw off John’s sense of time the first couple days he had worked there, he was willing to admit.
“Bellamy!” John cried. She swept from the small space with a leap and a clatter of claws on metal roofing. John went to the window and looked out up at the sky. Sirens blared in the distance.
Sherlock’s ice blue gaze darted over to stare at John, looking him over. John felt like he was being scanned. After a long awkward silence in which Sherlock just stared, John broke it, worried if he’d offended him somehow. “I mean, you seemed to care...” John started, stumbling awkwardly over his words as one of Sherlock’s eyebrows began to arch. The conversation was rapidly getting a little too personal for John’s liking.
The moment they broke the surface, John looked over at Sherlock’s wet head and burst out laughing. “Good God! I think that may have been the absolute strangest shag I have ever had!” He hugged Sherlock to him, even as Sherlock slung the used condom towards the concrete. Sherlock started chuckling too, their combined sounds echoing around the bare piping in the room; he pushed them back over to the edge, still chortling away. They flopped out of the water, laying side by side with their calves still floating.
Molly simply continued to move her hand up Hyperion’s leg until she had to grab a hand-hold on his scales and hoist herself up onto Hyperion’s waist, straddling him on her knees next to the bandages on his hip. She pulled the shears from her belt and proceeded to cut and peel the bandages away. John had never seen Hyperion’s wounds after they’d been bandaged. It was immediately apparent to him that dragons healed much slower than humans did. Where by now John’s wounds were for the most part scabbing or healed over, with the exception of his shoulder, the massive cut looked almost like it had been made a day or so before. The stitches were the only real indicator that work had been done to fix it and even then, just as Lestrade had surmised, a handful of the stitches had broken, allowing the red slash to reopen. The bandages Molly peeled off were discarded by Lestrade as she tossed them away, stuffing them into a large trash bin near he’d found by the workbenches.
Molly told John that if Hyperion kept having nightmares and it became a reoccuring thing, she could have him sleep with what she called ‘the pile’ over in the veterinary wing for a bit. She said the Ridgebacks like him liked to sleep in groups and piles out in the wild. The contact and warmth of the other dragons who had experienced similar wartime situations might be able to help stave off nightmares, remind him that he’s not alone, he’s not the only one that survived. John disliked the idea of Hyperion being so far away across the Aerie, but if it came to that they could give it a try.
The shrill noise seemed to break them both out of the relaxed bubble that had covered them, Sherlock’s hold on John tensed for a brief second before he let him go, unwrapping John and letting him reach for the source of their interruption. John did so, killing the sound and setting the boiling water to the side. They both just stood there in the renewed silence for a moment. Sherlock didn’t seem to know what to do with himself now that their moment had been shattered.
“Never been really into that before,” John confessed, letting out a small moan anyway as Sherlock gave up with his mouth and pinched with thumb and forefinger.
“Well, yeah, but you seemed to be thinking really hard about something, and today was, well, the case and all,” John tripped and stumbled over what he was trying to get to, managing to get the words out.
Sherlock shifted behind him with a small hum, squeezing John slightly, like a cat stretching after a nap. John couldn’t help the a quiet laughter that escaped him as he felt Sherlock unconsciously grind his hips into John’s rear, a very stiff morning erection pushing into the curve of his lower back.
“You do realize I had more than just destroying your book planned? I was about to start up an experiment in the kitchen-”
“Breathe, John,” Sherlock’s voice rumbled in his ear, sounding far away even though John knew he was right there. Those warm arms squeezed a little tighter around John’s middle and John sucked in a huge breath through his nose feeling like it was the first breath after a long dive, his head clearing a bit with the new air he’d managed to bring in.
“Sherlock?” John cried before being doused with what he really hoped was water. Sherlock clicked off the spray almost instantly as John sputtered and tried to wipe his face off.
“God! Are you stupid? Punch me, get it over with, I’ve stolen something of yours that you obviously place some value in, having gone to the trouble to carry it around with you. I took it with the intent to use it and destroy it. You don’t own many things; would that be some sort of breaking point for you? Or do I have to break the password on that laptop and go through your search history? I can do that in a matter of moments, I’m certain. I could play something a bit louder tonight, more caterwauling than you can bear, considering your recent interrupted sleep. Just hit me, establish where the lines are so I can go back to working on my own things.” Sherlock’s icey eyes flashed as he ranted.
“Some psychotic bitch named Jim Moriarty showed up, along with the two men who attacked us a few weeks ago, and a woman she liked to call Sebbie, right at the same time we transformed. I’m surprised none of your cameras saw them.” John said, hissing as the person at his back pressed a particularly raw area over his shoulder blade where he’d taken the brunt of his fall.
John returned the smile. For all of Sherlock’s rudeness and peculiarities he seemed to like John to at least some degree and that was good enough for John for now.
“I was thinking only a little ways away in one of Molly’s labs, in this same veterinary wing, or we could take it a little farther to the human medical facilities, all while never leaving the Aerie like he’s supposed to,” John replied calmly, drawing himself up and taking the evidence bag holding the disputed trainer from Dimmock.
Five laps later Hyperion caved, and despite John’s praise he treaded across the as yet untouched sand to go back to his mattress where he went down quickly. John grinned at the accomplishment, and pushed as big a wave of pride at Hyperion as he could muster. “Good boy.”
“You must be the new rider, going by the fact that you’ve just come from upstairs. I did hear you coming, the third step up creaks, not to mention the cane, you really are rather unsubtle. Hyperion’s enclosure has been occupied for the last five days and you’ve got quite a tan, stationed in the desert most likely--” a long fingered hand indicated the gap in John’s robe, revealing the tanning still present even after weeks indoors and under the cover of Hyperion’s enclosure.
“I’m 11, I’ll be able to get my own dragon soon,” Mary told him as she rolled out Hyperion’s ball, pushing it over so the dragon could reach it from his mat while she went back to pull out a large hoop too.
“I’ve seen it happen. Out in the desert, before I bonded with Hyperion. Victor was alive when I found him, an enemy soldier shot and killed him. Hyperion caught the shooter and nearly tore him in half.” John said distantly, his mind going back to the limp body Hyperion had tossed from his fangs, gored by the sharp teeth that had closed on it.
he thought, huffing out a small laugh. He’d never imagined joining an Aerie, his dreams had been far lower than that, more normal and down to earth, like his parents and sister.
As he ate he could feel eyes upon him and looked up to see Hyperion staring intently at the food in his hands. A wave of hunger flowed stronger over John and it clicked that the reason he was feeling so hungry was because of his dragon,
The school was wedged in between Stapleton’s division and Henry’s, classrooms and courtyards straddling a massive hall that led out to the training fields. Lestrade showed John where the library was in that area. The library wasn’t particularly impressive on the outside but it made up for it on the inside. Books lined the walls of the long two story building, dark wood paneling covered the walls where books didn’t, and the high vaulted ceiling held large chandeliers that lit the building with a warm glow beyond the natural light of tall thin windows. John felt he could get lost among the shelves and shelves. The librarian at the desk had his own little hummer, a bit smaller than Angus, helping him put away the books.
“Oh…” Bellamy meant so much to Sherlock, as someone who seemed fairly lonely as a child she must have been a shining ray in the gloom. "But wait, you said you were nine when Carl died, they don’t give dragons to ten year olds,” John reasoned, suddenly remembering how young Sherlock had been.
“I see people like you all the time, afraid of flying, just take it one step at a time and remember to breathe, you’ll be fine.” He clapped him on the back and started walking with him again, the hospital’s escort following close behind.
“At-attention, s-sexy.” The phone cut out suddenly, and all that was left was the stillness of the library.
“Forgiveness, John?” Sherlock’s mind replied quietly. His body burrowed underneath John’s slightly, a submissive motion even though the thought carried little to no color of it. Forgiveness asked for with the emotion of expectation, underlined with genuine want for the thing.
“It would be nice” John said interrupting Sherlock’s explanation. “That is, if Hyperion would like it. I haven’t got a clue on that front if I’m honest, decorating a pit.” John admitted.
“Well I like you too you know that,” John replied struggling to sit up again and barely managing to remain upright once he got there, body nearly continuing in the path it was on and toppling over. He looked at Sherlock who in turn looked back, the pair of them facing each other on the bench.
The tuna men would meet with the same lady with their fast food where she waited in the gift shop for them. She gradually got used to seeing them and their gills and after only a few days she was just as friendly and calm as she was before when she’d seen them from behind a counter.
John managed to wedge himself into the crook of Hyperion’s elbow right next to the dragon’s large heart. John lay with his back to Hyperion’s chest, staying off his still slung arm, and  absorbed what he could of the dragon’s comfort and warmth. Every time the crate juddered in any way John tensed and his heart beat faster; he’d clutch at Hyperion’s thick-scaled forearm a little more and curl himself tighter against the heat at his back. He’d remind himself to breathe steadily, that nothing was going to happen to him, that he was perfectly safe, and with those thoughts he fitfully dozed with his dragon.
A small part of John really wished he knew what she was telling him because it was very obvious she was talking to him. He got the distinct impression that from the movements she was making she was pushing them together, like Harry had done with her dolls as a kid ‘you two go together now kiss!’ he remembered. John chuckled at that and finally did as Bellamy wanted, he closed the space between them and leaned into Sherlock, wrapping his arms around his thin chest in a hug.
“You’d be a lot more comfortable over there,” John told him. “You don’t have to go to sleep, just sit and relax.” John coaxed him along, sensing that some part of that reluctance was brought on by the nightmare and not wishing to revisit the land of dreams so quickly.
Returning back to the present conversation and still staring at Sherlock’s arse in the air John heard him mumble, “He has Anthea. Surely you haven’t forgotten who all the Masters and first officers are.”
“Getting to see why that one flatmate of yours chucked a teacup at you,” John said with a slight frown at being called a stupid infant. Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to meet his with a smidge of surprise in his raised eyebrows before he went back to looking at the papers.
“Messier than that egg? I’m still finding gooey spots on the floor. Gorier than surgery on a battlefield?”
John signaled back trying to remember his code quick enough to reply. They both started racing, thrilled at their discovery. Forgetting themselves in their happiness, they sped around the tank, making a bit of a spectacle for the onlookers beyond the glass.
“Do you have a name?” John asked hoping to ease that bit of unease niggling at the back of his mind.
“All right, now come on,” He coughed, breaking the quiet moment. They needed to move on if they wanted to make it over to the camp before the sun was completely down. A distant boom like thunder caught John’s attention; looking towards the village in the distance he noticed smoke billowing up from the wrecked buildings.
John felt a sinking feeling in his gut. To go from army doctor and the frenzy of the battlefields to what sounded very much like mailroom duty only with dragons was a bit of a depressing progression. Lestrade seemed to notice John’s deflated attitude and quickly added, “but don’t worry we get our share of excitement; why just last month we had a crate come through carrying a whole nest of smuggled Hummer eggs and a couple had hatched en route.” Lestrade grinned at the memory, but for John that only opened more questions, what on earth were Hummer eggs? Surely they weren’t related to the massive vehicles… John noticed Lestrade’s grin fading when he didn’t react to the story. The Master coughed lightly, changing the subject.
John felt the harsh sting of the needle as Billy hit the plunger hard and fast, pushing more of the drug back into John’s system. The nightmarish feeling of melting returned with a vengeance almost immediately, leaving him at their mercy again.
He thanked her and continued on into the enclosure. John was shocked by what he saw. It was nothing like the barren room where Hyperion had stayed in  Kandahar. Hyperion’s ‘pit’ was bigger, taller, and was completely furnished and waiting for him; the only thing even remotely resembling the lodging at the other Aerie was a sand pool in the middle and a light colored covering stretched across as a ceiling. Even that was different, since it appeared to be on a system similar to the one at the school where it could be easily rolled away. At the far end of the room lay an absolutely massive cushion that looked for all the world like a giant lumpy futon mattress, perfectly sized for a large dragon such as the one ambling towards it. The whole room contained multiple nooks and crannies to explore, alcoves carved into the stone walls containing large cabinets, racks, and workbenches, awnings stretching along walls providing shelter for an ancient looking sofa and a myriad of potted plants, huge palm trees in massive glazed brown and tan pots all of which looked as though they’d been rubbed bald on one side by a massive cat, and even a quiet fountain big enough for Hyperion to stick his head into.
“You don’t use the cane because you are wounded, that one is Hyperion’s,” Sherlock said abruptly, making John jump a fraction at the sudden declaration. A sip of tea and more words flowed from his mouth. “Your injury is in the left shoulder, you forget the cane meaning the leg wound is literally all in your head, comes and goes, you’ve left it just now in fact,” a hand wavered out in the direction of the kitchen pointing out where John had left his cane propped against the counter. “But your left arm, there’s a temor, and you’ve left one of your balls on the sofa,” John looked over to where he’d left the rubber exercise ball to blend into the dark leather of the cushions. “As I mentioned before you have the tanning pattern of a soldier stationed in a desert area. I know from Vi- Hyperion’s previous rider, that he was stationed originally in Iraq but warzones, assignments, and demand being what they are he could have been restationed. The carriers that brought you here only fly to Afghanistan.” John caught the slight hitch around Victors name, but before he could say anything Sherlock had shut the laptop and stood, scooping up his mug before resettling in the squat grey chair, still talking. “You have no family, at least none who are close, they haven’t visited you. The Aerie would be in an uproar if the new field bond’s whole family descended upon us, but you have received mail. A brother, perhaps, judging by the strong wording and drunkards scrawl on the package you received-”
“Dahlia... oh I never did introduce you to her properly did I?” Irene said, while pulling out her mobile and looking at it. “Well, some other time. I have somewhere to be.” She took her own empty plate and rose, then bent down next to John to whisper something more. “Oh, and I may have mentioned a little bit about you having something of a fear of flying,” and with that she walked quickly away, John spinning in his chair to stare after her.
“Lestrade, tell the ambulance to turn off the exterior lights, the flashing would hurt John,” John heard Sherlock’s physical baritone quietly request, and John was grateful for his mate’s recognition, noticing how bright lights caused John pain.
The second trip wasn’t remotely as long. If anything it felt like they might just be moving the car to someplace nearby as the sounds of rain never returned, meaning they never left the shelter of whatever building they were in. When they stopped again it sent John sloshing inside the medical bag still unable to form up and properly orient himself for an escape.
A couple scarves from the gift shop and few odd looks from the employees behind the counter later, John was already wolfing down a container of salty fries with a content sigh as they walked back through the aquarium.
The chuckle turned into a laugh as John watched Sherlock impersonate a goldfish, looking up at him. John wasted no time though, gathering up some more of the slick from Sherlock’s stomach and spreading it over his condom-wrapped cock. He shuffled forward, straddling Sherlock’s waist, Sherlock’s long cock bumping up against the curve of John’s arse. He couldn’t help but  smile at the feeling.
Sherlock pulled a small torch from the inside of his coat and barely cracked the door open, shining it inside. John saw an eyebrow lift and the light went back to the coat pocket as Sherlock pushed the door the rest of the way open. He flipped a switch inside and revealed the changing room from the picture in the text message. The picture hadn’t shown the white-tiled showers at the other end of the long room. Everything looked extraordinarily clean in the light, all whitewashed walls and white-painted wood or tile, but a spot of color instantly drew the eye. Sitting in the middle of the shower floor was a single dingy blue trainer. And of course Sherlock walked right up to it.
John was halfway down the street heading towards Regent's park before he noticed it was dark out. Baker Street was quiet, not a soul around, a car or two moving on the road itself but otherwise it was the middle of the night. The air was damp threatening rain, and the only light out was the yellowy glow of streetlamps. John stopped for a moment realizing that he wasn’t even in a human form; he’d been so upset when he slammed the door at 221b that he hadn’t even taken the moment to become more than a blob squidging down the street.
Everything opened up to the air, with no ceiling above them. Once they reached what appeared to be the center of the Aerie it opened into a massive open-air courtyard, big enough to accommodate many dragons it all at once. The jeep stopped and the escort hopped out and helped John out as well. The place was by no means deserted: there were various workers around, people carrying things here and there, working on bits of harnesses and equipment around the edges of the field. There were at least a few dragons spread out across the space being harnessed up or down by small teams of people.
“About fifteen hours!” John said doing the math quickly as his anger flared again, “And then there’s this mess. I have gills!” John cried, reaching up and plucking at the thin protrusions and flaps at the sides of his neck. “And before that your damn brother bit me and made me chase him through the bloody aquarium!” John looked down at the wrist that had carried the punctures from the bite to shove it at Mycroft, but the wrist was clean, only a small outline of silvery scars in the shape of human teeth marks left behind.
“Jessamy found it slotted between a couple books on her cart last night while she was putting the books away. She told me she thought nothing of it, just put it in the lost and found, then it started ringing this morning and that woman was on the other end crying and begging for a Master to help her. I happened to be the closest one.” Lestrade scrubbed a hand across his face. “The other Masters have already been notified about the situation. I need to update Mycroft about the fabulous news of a bomb threat. I hate it when these happen.”
“Oh! No no no no no, that-that was all my mistake,” Jim stammered out, making John’s eyebrows rise at how much he was nearly scraping and bowing before Sherlock, “you-you’re… you were right I had missed something, it’s been fixed.” There was a tiny twitch at the corner of Jim’s mouth that gave him a slightly unhinged look when combined with his wide eyes and chalk-dusted hair. John didn’t have to wonder why the children weren’t particularly fond of him as their teacher: if they’d seen him act like this multiple times before, John could understand their discomfort.
The flat was still as John tried to figure out what to say, standing in the doorway of the kitchen, scissors and envelope in hand, Sherlock stretched out and still staring at the ceiling on the sofa. The only real movement in the flat was the concavity of Sherlock’s belly as he breathed and the little dust motes in the afternoon light coming through the window near his head.
“I would not be adverse to another attempt in the future.” He finally leaned up and kissed John lightly on the lips, just a chaste brush really before he grabbed John’s upper arms and slowly rolled them so he was leaning over John.
They ended up sitting across from each other eating the tossed together dinner Sherlock had made, neither of them brought up the hug or what anyone might have heard through the crack of a bathroom door. It all just devolved into comfortable companionable silence for the rest of the evening.
His yelling did nothing to stop the glow from spreading and covering Sherlock completely, Sebbie barely gave John a glance as she continued to hold up Sherlock for Jim. John continued to struggle, screw the pain as the ties dug into his wrists, fuck the grating abusing his front as he tried to get to his knees. His mind was a litany of ‘no, fuck you’ as he grit his teeth and pulled, trying in vain to break his bonds and stop the madness.
With a very well practiced movement, Paul suddenly drew the sharp edge of the blade along John’s skin. The edge bit into John’s skin, but didn’t go all the way through it; it merely left a very shallow slice about three inches long. It was enough to make John’s mind scream. It was an extremely long papercut and the pain of it intensified with the drug. What would have normally been a small irritating sting may as well have been a gutting slice as far as John’s drug addled mind was concerned. And he couldn’t move away from it as the blade pressed flat against him again, and made the same motion, again, and again, and again. Paul opened up three more of the shallow slices and John’s mind was overloaded with hysterical wailing by the time he readied to administer a fourth.
“What are we doing?” John finally asked, following Sherlock across the hall, past the public bath and towards the massive door marked 2-21b.
“Of course I can hear you,” replied Sherlock’s muffled baritone from the center of Bellamy’s curled body. John slowly edged his way around the room, coming no closer but trying to see Sherlock.
“But you voluntarily sling yourself at it.” John looked at the blankets he’d been given, nice soft things, one knitted with an orange fish scale pattern the other powder blue.
“Later, not where others can hear us,” John hissed looking over at the row of riders getting their dragon’s harnessed and ready to fly.
An enormous hissing roar erupted to his right. The gunman spun to face it, blocking John’s view of the massive creature. He didn’t have to wait to see it. Footsteps shook the ground around him as the monster continued to bellow and advance, casting a shadow over them. John hit the dirt as a massive tan head came sweeping down, jaws open, huge teeth aiming for the man with the gun. The gunman only had a split second to scream before the maw closed over him, his body rising and shaking until what parts remained outside the teeth became like a ragdoll and the gun dropped to the ground.
“And you aren’t? He’s fairly regularly assigned international work, what disqualifies him from your suspicions?”
“Just another day in the trenches, eh Watson?” before the lot of them started giggling hysterically at their grim circumstances. One of the five groaned and stopped laughing, and John set about mending his wounds.
“I haven’t seen him. Do you want to tell me about him? Maybe I’ll see him later,” John said. He knew very little about dragons; their riders, yes, he had been trained for humans. But dragon riders were almost a breed of their own, keeping to aeries with specially trained doctors and facilities designed for dragons. John mostly knew about dead dragons, because if they hit the ground in combat they rarely survived. A rider on the ground seldom survived, either, which John knew would be the case with the dying man before him.
When Sherlock spoke again it was with a calm quiet, “Will you be heading back to the flat?” as he picked up the bag containing his leftovers.
“Since when do you care about that?” John laughed, looking back to Sherlock who had shuffled along with Bellamy a little farther away.
“You would like to do more, wouldn’t you?” Sherlock asked quietly as they snuggled one evening. It took John a moment to realize what ‘more’ meant.
John’s skin prickled for a moment in confused upset. He honestly hadn’t thought what he had been trying to tell Sherlock was so enraging that Sherlock would actively flush John from his skin. But as he watched Sherlock on the sofa become more and more yellow John could only surmise that it was anger at him that was fueling the change.
“Excuse me for listening to my superiors and not pushing Hyperion too hard before he’s ready,” John deadpanned, taking more offence to the insult on Hyperion’s behalf than anything. He knew Hyperion would try to fly the moment he was given the go ahead, but John knew he needed to heal properly first. Running before he can walk would do nothing but make things worse. As it was Hyperion had been cleared for some stretching exercises, he could move his wings, just not in any way that would begin to resemble flight. John was still in a small slightly guilty way fine with that, it meant more time out of a saddle and down on the ground. Though his last check up Molly had said Hyperion wouldn’t be ready for attempts at flight till well after the new year.
“Where have you been?” Sally asked equally cool with added touch of the disdain she always seemed to have reserved just for Sherlock. “Been groping a corpse again?”
“Do you need anything?” one of the paramedics asked calmly, keeping their hands to themselves seeing as it wasn’t an emergency situation now.
He came quickly, a breath of “Sh-” cut off in his mouth as the first spurt wet his fist. His hand clenched tight on the second pulse feeling his blood hammer a little harder through his veins as he throbbed again and again through his orgasm. He hadn’t even realized his back had bowed off the bed until he relaxed and sank back into the mattress again, releasing a held breath and feeling a little light headed and giddy in the aftermath of the sudden intense end to a fantasy driven wank. He laid there just breathing for a moment afterwards, letting the residual pleasure course through him as he softened.
John’s heart melted a tiny bit. That was coming up soon, only the rest of November and just on the other side of December. He’d have to get Sherlock something for it. Considering what he knew about Sherlock’s past he was willing to bet that Sherlock didn’t really get too many gifts beyond maybe something from his parents.
“We might see you around a bit more once you and Hyperion get up and working again.” Andy added, “but from what I hear that’s going to be a while. No rush, right Lestrade?” He called down the table.
“Something different,” Sherlock said into his other ear, nipping at the earlobe there before rising up to sit over him again. John felt those long fingers settle, splayed wide, on either side of his neck and then gently trace their way down his torso, over collar bones, across nipples, down his belly, tracing through the natural slick jelly substance that covered their bodies every time they changed back into humans. Sherlock slid back a little to sit on John’s thighs and took John’s  cock in hand. He gave it a few smooth strokes to bring him up to a good solid erection, not that John needed the help, really.
“Sherlock, you can’t take evidence from a crime scene!” Dimmock replied, as he put down a large clear bag containing the zipped up suitcase.
“I meant for the snow to come a bit later,” Sherlock replied with a sigh. Snö had finished his circling and with the sweep of a giant wing that stirred the falling snow, he finally came in to land in the area of the field set aside for the dragons of his bulky size.
John immediately wanted away from him, wanted to scream at him, but weak as he was he could barely lift a hand to try to swat him away. He let out a wet gurgle when he tried to speak. Then he realized the man was talking, he just couldn’t hear it. John was laid down again and the man’s hands went to his head. The peeling sensation he’d felt with is eyes happened over his ears and a small dribble of water ran out as his hearing returned. He heard a sharp clacking noise hit the floor nearby and turned his head towards it.
“Watson, there’s somebody out there,” the soldier said, pointing out towards a patch of scrub brush in the distance. There was a large billowing shape of fabric snagged in the bushes, a parachute.
Even without the human in the room John still kept a little space between his and Sherlock’s skins. The brief gentle contact he’d made had already shared plenty of stunned hurt over Mycroft’s sudden prodding: a smidge of genuine confusion over what he’d done wrong, twined with a large portion of his mate’s trademark petulance over being punished for helping, even though Sherlock had certainly ‘helped’ in the wrong way. Underneath all the negatives that made his mate’s skin sour and turn the shade of an oversized slime mold was a shimmer of happiness that John was touching
“John’s fine, John Watson,” John replied, propping his cane against his hip in order to take the offered hand.
“Well, Greg did say he wanted the police in on this.” John said, even as Sherlock recovered himself and the surprise melted from his face.
John didn’t know what to say to that. He really didn’t know if he would be transferred once Hyperion was healed, there’d been zero talk about it if it was going to happen. He didn’t want to transfer away either, he wanted to stay with all the people he’d grown familiar with, wanted to stay with Sherlock too, and wasn’t that laughable after all the people who’d told him to stay away from him at the start. He’d gone and fallen head over heels for the mad bastard.
“Oh joy,” Sherlock grumbled from right over his shoulder, making John jump at his sudden close proximity.
“Ah,” Sherlock’s hips rolled into him again, as though they had a mind of their own, “It does have a poor sense of timing.” The dark chuckle that followed vibrated through John’s back and he felt it inside his own chest, the feeling making him bite his lip. “Would you like to help teach it some?” Sherlock whispered in John’s ear, the playfulness easily audible, making John grin at the corny line.
John nearly stopped in his tracks at the statement, falling a few steps behind before hurrying up next to Sherlock again. “Sherlock!” John hissed, eyes darting to make sure none of the others nearby seemed as if they’d heard.
“They took Sherlock away, in a van. One of the men knocked him out, but I managed to get away. I don’t know where they are going, I just know that it was in an unmarked van and Sherlock was unconscious.”
“Think you can drink?” Sherlock asked with the same tone John had heard mothers at the clinic use with tired sick children, that soft reassuring note that spoke of infinite patience for an exhausted little one who will be fine soon but just isn’t right now. John had used it before with Sherlock on the very rare occasions he’d come down ill. John’s mind wandered to the last time he’d seen Sherlock sweating like mad, the telltale sign of a sick mollisian. Normally tiny pores used to absorb liquids opened wide to expel it and the toxin in the form of a pale sweat that looked very much like lemon juice on Sherlock and like rosé wine on John. John had made sure to keep his poor mate hydrated, getting him into the bath sluggishly to sit and reabsorb water when he could.
, on the bond again. While John thought she was indeed beautiful, it was nothing compared to the enamored awe that bled off Hyperion in that moment. To Hyperion, she was a goddess among dragons.
With that thought John inched a little closer to Sherlock, finally reconnecting them with a slow pressing together. Sherlock’s swirl of emotions came rolling across the touch instantly; he physically pushed back, like a cat into a petting hand.
“I just said I am fine, come back later. She is not in a listening mood.” John managed to get a tiny glimpse of dark coat and curls under the edge of Bellamy’s wing. She literally had him clutched to her chest, a wing tucked low to create a most likely warm, protective tent over her rider. Bellamy began growling at him the moment she noticed him staring at what looked like the back of Sherlock’s head, tucking her wing down a little further to block his view. John took that as his cue to leave.
Before they left John asked her where he could get a haircut and buy some food. If the Aerie was anything like an army base there had to be a barber and commissary of some kind. She sent him with Angus to find it while she returned to her flat. Angus led John right to what he was looking for.
“He’s getting away!” The man shouted from inside the van. John was a little more distracted by the sheer amount of pain his bare back was in as he landed on the asphalt and skidded slightly. He didn’t have time to stop though as he sat up and saw the van’s brake lights flash red in front of him.
“We did, when we were younger. Now, however, no. My gift to him is not annoying him with my presence on Christmas day. Considering how our last Christmas dinner went, I believe he relishes my absence.”
He looked in the mirror outside the stalls. Considering they came from Sherlock they fit oddly well, just a nice pair of dark burgundy shorts with white stitching and drawstring. They came to his knees, and though a smidge baggy in the waist didn’t feel like they were about to fall off. Pulling at the fabric a little more and adjusting himself, John let out a resigned sigh and stored the rest of his clothes.
Sherlock removed a bottle of something brown from another cabinet and took a sniff of it, his face scrunching in a sour expression, before shrugging and replacing it. “Please tell me that’s not something rotten,” John pleaded, eyebrows bunching together as Sherlock continued going through his things and unearthed another jar of something that looked fuzzy and grey.
John turned to Bellamy’s door in time to watch Sherlock scoot himself back a little to where his legs straddled the back of her head behind her horns, and much like a child riding a banister, slid down the length of her smooth silvery neck. John’s stomach gave a momentary twinge at the sight of Sherlock making the controlled drop, but her rider came to a halt right in the spot his saddle would have been between her shoulders. John saw Bellamy turn her head to glance at her reckless rider with a small snort. She sidled up to Hyperion, the pair of them taking up much of the hall standing side by side.
“I’ve seen young new riders try to restrain themselves, if they’re separated from their hatchlings, and they usually end up crying on their dragons once they’re reunited.” She nodded towards Hyperion, who had his nose against Lestrade’s hands just bracing against the shipping crate. “I’m just saying, we won’t judge you if you feel like you need to act a little more irrationally around him right now. We’ve seen it before.”
“Want to make love, love?” Sherlock asked quietly, firming up his gently stroking appendages to dig into John a little harder, gripping and plucking at him.
“The cabbie had a sponsor,” Sherlock replied, finally taking the small bite that waited on his spoon.
John heard. He looked around for any signs that they needed to get out and saw that there were three more dragons near the entrance, sitting waiting to go in.
Once inside they tossed him into another container, an old large rectangular fish tank, something that would never be fit to hold water again but would serve horrifically well for a Mollisian sized coffin. The transparent sides allowed John to look at his surroundings thankfully, but there wasn’t much to see through the remaining drug fog. It was a maintenance closet, a fairly big one but still just a closet. There were shelves of things lining the walls, and a workbench. His two captors took seats on a pair of stools that creaked under their weight. Getting a look at the pair gave John no more information about them. They were both dressed plainly; the weaselly one was the shorter of the pair but otherwise they both looked like your average men off the street in jeans, button-ups, and coats.
“Is that an actual human hand in the refrigerator?” John already knew it was real, he’d seen the thing long enough to realize it was the real deal flesh and bone, John could have smacked himself for sounding so stupid. Sherlock did stop in his doorway though.
The sun was peeking through their windows and giving the living room a blue-grey morning glow by the time John finally felt coherent again. His mind felt wrung out like a sponge and he was simply exhausted. He gave an experimental twitch, hoping he could move again, and a decent ripple passed over his skin. John poked out to touch one of the discarded mugs and accidentally tipped it over, his coordination not entirely back yet. He very slowly moved to hug Sherlock, sliding broad parts of himself around him.
“John Watson is grounded for an indeterminate amount of time and in need of an instructor to rapidly catch him up on our ways. Who better than the grounded rider he shares his living arrangements with?” Mycroft reasoned out for them, all five redirecting their gazes over to John, before coming back to the bored face of the rider in question. John saw a spark in his eyes, though. Sherlock’s face said disinterest, but his eyes were flicking from Mycroft to John.
“We don’t live in a monastery John, of course I have a website, how do you think I get clients, carrier pigeon?” Sherlock rolled his eyes in a motion that could have easily been followed by ‘give me strength to deal with the idiot.’
“Finally given in, have you?” Sherlock asked smugly. John was having none of that, as sweet as it was to see Sherlock smile and it made John happy to make him do it, the maelstrom of emotions and his gut shrieking,
John briefly wished he had kept Mycroft’s mobile so he could continue to watch exactly where Sherlock was, hell even where they were even headed. He only knew south; he didn’t know where exactly Jim might be leading them, she might have even changed directions since John had handed the map back for all he knew.
Before Lestrade even had time to respond, Sherlock had started wandering towards his now nearly brick red mate, leaving Lestrade to stare somewhat confusedly after his yellow backside. Sherlock popped the door open and slid in next to John, who didn’t turn his head to look at him, his face holding an upset pout.
Henry’s section came next, his division taking up a portion of the Aerie only a little bigger than Lestrade’s on the southeastern side. Lots of warehouse type structures took up his division. Most of the dragons John saw in the area were shorter, broader species that looked very different compared to any of the others he’d seen, musclebound and bulky, if any were flying it was on smaller rapidly flapping wings. They were pulling and hauling huge loads of things from the airfield on one side and a wide bank of loading docks on the other.
A few more crumbling walls hopped, a few more wounded bandaged, a couple more massive dragon carcasses checked for survivors, and John rejoined the bulk of his unit in a newly taken section on the edge of the dilapidated village where they had set up camp. The enemy dragon riders had retreated, the aerial clashes abated for the time being, though that was no guarantee that there wouldn’t be a surprise razing from the sky. A couple smaller drakes had been left to protect the soldiers on the ground.
Sebbie, soaked to the skin and even more bloodied than he was, stood at the entrance to the restaurant, a wild crazed look on her face under the mask of blood and scraggly blond hair. The cashier next to John looked down at him with wide startled eyes, all of this was far beyond these poor people’s pay grades and John wished if he made it out of this alive he could make it up to them. John shook his head and pressed a finger over his lips, silently telling the cashier not to give him away. He watched Sebbie stand there in the mirror for a long moment, he could see her nostrils flaring as though she were trying to sniff him out beyond the cover of her own blood, and for a tense moment he thought she’d found him as she stared right at the mirror. But as suddenly as she appeared, she stalked off, disappearing from view, and John felt like he could actually breathe again.
Another walk, this time with six laps, came before John’s dinner and afterwards Hyperion was so worn from his daily exercise he barely lifted his head to get a drink before falling asleep for the night. John picked up one of the less intimidating small books he’d been given and flipped through it as he leaned against Hyperion’s belly before he finally followed Hyperion into sleep.
“Which totally requires you sticking your hands down his pants first?” Sally looked over to John who had decided to stay out of the inevitable verbal quarrel between the two.
“Of course not!” she snipped, shoving the boot onto John’s foot, making him wince. “Sorry. No they’re not mine, they’re riders in training, nestlings, still a couple years off from potentially getting dragons,” she explained, being a little kinder with John’s other foot. “It’s my turn today to take them to breakfast and lessons,” she added, as John hopped down. He looked back at Hyperion, still asleep in the crate, the bond connected with Hyperion’s sleeping mind lying dormant on the other end. The sunlight made the flecks of gold in his scales shine all the brighter along his neck, and John could easily see why the children were so awed by him.
“What the hell?” John stared at his hand; no visible marks had appeared but all the nerves in that hand were tingling. He looked back at Hyperion only to see the dragon moving again, swinging his head up and away in an attempt to roll back onto his feet. John scrambled out of the way as the attempt succeeded and he was presented with an angry-looking injured shoulder. A tremor of joy passed across John’s head at the small success; the joy was not his own even though he was indeed happy that the creature was up again. Confused by the feelings suddenly bombarding him, John’s knees went weak and he collapsed to the dirt, staring up at Hyperion, who now blocked the sun.
“Here, we’re going to hand-feed him this next piece; powder doesn’t fly well,” He took a wide chunk of ribs from a side of beef in both arms, hefted it out of the cart, and set it on the stone floor. He took a third container out and inside was a light yellowish powder. He scored the meat and then dumped the whole container into the bowl of the ribs. Tom rubbed the powder mound down into the slices and across the rest of the slab, getting as much of it into the surface of the meat as possible. He waved John over.
“At this time of the morning?” John questioned, peeling off the now sodden knit blanket and tossing it down with a wet squelch.
“I could ask you the same thing and the question would be far more valid,” Sherlock replied, looking John up and down even as Bellamy rubbed her nose into his back.
“Yes, let’s,” Sherlock said, returning the loving rub as he proceeded towards the stairs with John right behind.
