wrong with him. Maybe he'd hit the lamppost harder than he'd thought.
She didn't need to look up to recognize it as Doom.  No one else could sound quite so arrogant.
This was more than just an attempt to change Tony back failing once again. "It's not your heart, is it?"
Steve shook his head, even though he knew Tony wouldn't see the gesture. "You didn't hurt me," he said, going to stand in front of Tony. "You woke up from a nightmare and socked me in the face by accident. It's nothing Bucky and I didn't do to each other a few times during the war. I should have been more careful." He knelt, needing to be able to look Tony in the eye. He'd never admitted to anyone else that the occasional nightmares he had about the war had started before he'd been trapped in the ice. After a while, they'd all learned to be careful waking each other up, and that rule applied just as much to superheroes as it did to soldiers.
"And an admirable exercise in brevity it was." Byrne smile at them toothily. "I think our readers would appreciate some more in-depth information. Just a few weeks ago, you costumed folks were fighting tooth and nail, and now you all seem to be best friends again. I can't help but wonder if there are any lingering hard feelings."
He didn't want to think so, but... "I almost ended up working for the Russians just because Natasha slept with me."
Sam ducked under the Doombot's next blast and rolled, coming back to his feet beside the downed robot, the energy weapon it had dropped in his hands.  "Surrender, and you might get to keep all your circuits in working order," he said.
The bathroom at the back of the cabin was blessedly empty. Wanda's hands were shaking hard enough that it took her two tries to lock the door.
The final gunman's weapon jammed with a loud click, and Carol grabbed him from behind, pinning his arms to his sides.
The air around her was so thick with chaos already that she could barely think, Chthon's presence a choking miasma, and her skin burned as if the wards were being branded onto her.  For an endless, frozen moment, she couldn't move.  Her chaos magic was tied to Chthon, and with him this close, on the verge of breaking free entirely, just touching it would open herself up to him.
Cap's face fell. "Oh," he said, quietly. "But it was really Don Blake? And he's okay?"
Maya would be able to figure it out, he reminded himself. The Extremis was her baby.
Carol ran one hand through her hair, and tugged her sagging left glove back up her arm. "Reporters aren't really that hard to talk to, you know. It's all in how you spin it. You just have to be careful what you let them see." She strode towards the camera confidently, the two-inch heels of her boots striking hard against the pavement. Tony had seen runway models display less poise.
"No," Steve agreed. "He shouldn't." Zemo's Masters of Evil had sent Jarvis to the emergency room the last time they'd visited the mansion. Jarvis shouldn't have to do a second's worth of extra work on their account.
"Not everyone thought the Initiative was a bad idea," Hank said, an edge of defensiveness in his voice. "Some parents were glad to have their kids receive official training with their powers, and a lot of superhumans willingly signed up." He hesitated, then added, "And only some of them were supervillains, or just doing it because they were afraid."
Tony looked up again, to find her visibly struggling to suppress a smile. "You don't seem very surprised by any of this."
Don finished tying the last of Clint's stitches off and snipped off the extra surgical thread. "You do have a point, but I'm not ready to deal with them yet. Half of me wants to beat Tony to death, and the other half's inclined to just stand back and watch. And I don't think now would be a good time for that."
The phone rang shrilly, and Hank steeled himself before picking it up -- there had been three calls this morning from various Daily Bugle reporters, all wanting an exclusive interview with the Avengers, all of which he'd turned down, since Steve refused to talk to any Bugle reporter other than Ben Urich.
"Maybe," Jan said, "but you look really good, and that's all anyone there will see."
"I'm sure he wouldn't be that rude," Wong said, with the sound of a man who knew he was offering an empty promise. He brushed one finger gently across the back of Strange's bandaged left hand. "What was he touching, when he did this? Sometimes, if something's hot-"
Jameson would still be blissfully unaware of Spiderman's identity if it weren't for Tony Stark. That didn't mean Peter wanted him to die, though. The receptionist had said that whatever he'd been exposed to wasn't lethal, but he wasn't a doctor -- he was just some guy in a rolley chair with stupid, gelled-and-spiked hair, who was in charge of making people fill out insurance paperwork.
Tony had listened, though.  Eventually.  And had nearly died anyway, after they had stopped Sin and Chthon and Doom, after their backup had come, when they were all supposed to be safe.
Simon had made his sappily sweet fling with Henry Hellrung official shortly before Carol's first trip back East, the one that had ended in poison gas attacks and mass hysteria. Apparently, she and Jessica couldn't compete with the seductive power inherent in Hellrung's encyclopedic command of classic cinema, and Simon had amicably ended their relationship in favor of living in domestic bliss with the Disney Channel version of Tony Stark.
"I was going to wait until we moved back into the mansion." Until they were really back home. "I thought maybe you could help me unpack them then, if you don't mind."
The explosion, when it came, was a thing of beauty. The shockwave hit her like a wall, leaving her skin hot and tingling the way Brock's fingers had, and the shell of the building left after it was gone burned in a brilliant chemical rainbow, the smoke acrid and stinging.
"Modesty from Tony Stark. Perhaps being a woman has been good for you."
"Brought him back? As in, really back? Not dead?" If she sounded silly, it was difficult to care. Only this morning, she had been sure that almost everyone she loved was gone, in no small part through her own actions. Knowing that they weren't–
Steve rolled out of bed in one fluid motion, faster and more graceful than anyone who'd been asleep less than a second ago had a right to be.  He was on his feet with his shield in his hand while Tony was still trying to disentangle himself from the sheets.
Steve's eyebrows arched skeptically. The candlelight painted them gold, too, and turned his blue eyes dark. "I thought only that one pizza place would deliver to the Avengers Mansion anymore."
"Yes," he sighed. "It's me. It's a very, very long story."
"Jan-" he began.
"What did you do to him?"  Clint demanded it before Steve could, taking a half step forward and raising the tip of his arrow slightly.
Tony stepped aside to let the two of them into the mansion, closing the door behind them and locking it. Without the glow of streetlights pouring in through the open door, the front hallway was dark, but he had memorized the bottom floor of this house before he'd turned six, and without furniture, navigating it in the dark was even easier.
The gradual disappearance of those measuring, pitying looks over the past few months had been an unadulterated relief. All the more reason to avoid a repeat of his bizarre near-panic-attack the other day; falling apart now that everything was mostly okay again, without chemical prompting, would prove once and for all that he was just broken in some fundamental way, damaged and fucked up beyond repairing, regardless of Steve's or his own best efforts. And that was unacceptable.
and not at the Avengers Tower telling us you're back? Say, about... when did you come back, anyway?"
When he saw Tony and Wanda walking down the hallway toward the living room, Tony still very obviously female, he had to force down a wave of disappointment. Another failure, then. The frustration had to be getting to Tony; lack of progress was never something he handled well, particularly in cases like this, where he was both directly affected and powerless to help.
"Is Cap's costume tight enough to count?" Clint asked, with mock innocence.
That was actually a very good point. Steve had certainly seen the damage out-of-control superpowers could cause.
Barnes glanced down at the map he had spread across the table in front of him — it looked like a Department of Buildings map, but Tony suspected that it contained a great deal of information the DoB didn't have access to — and frowned slightly.  "There are six possible locations in that area."
"He has to have something she wants desperately in order for her to be working with him at all, and if Thor's right, she's just lost her place as his most valuable ally.  She'd turn them over to him, if only in order to gloat about it."  Steve sounded sure of himself, but Tony had known him long enough to be able to tell when he was trying to convince himself as well as everyone else.
Wanda sat down on the other end of the couch, next to his feet, and they both watched as Rachel Ray perkily demonstrated how to mince garlic.  The couch was sized to be able to handle Thor – even with Clint stretched out nearly full-length on it, there was still plenty of room.
“I know, I get all my lines from you. Want some coffee?”
It definitely warrants further investigation.
, I need this to be my legacy –”
Steve only blinked at them, confused and fondly exasperated, which is an expression that all of Tony’s friends seem to adopt around him all the time. He looked Steve up and down, slowly, and grinned smugly. He was
“He wants everyone to know who you belong to,” Natasha counters, which – wow – based on the way Steve’s shoulders have just curved inward, like he’s cringing against the accusation, seems a lot more accurate. Clint nods absently, having taken hold of her left foot a few minutes ago, kneading his thumbs into the arch expertly. Her back arches off the couch a little and Tony closes his eyes rather than suffer the humiliation of having them wander when Steve is literally right here, half on top of him, touching him.
“What?” Tony says absently, then frowns and then chokes, spinning around to grab Steve roughly by the shoulders. “Oh my god, Steve. Please. Shut up. This is not – that was, did I sound like I was complaining? Because I definitely was not. That was fucking incredible, you’re – no, I mean, we need to talk about the date.”
But the assortment of photos on the cover is in full color, and every single one of them is of Tony with his lips puckered up against one of his teammate’s faces.
That... he hadn't forseen that. Seemed too unlikely, stupid to hope for. Selfish to want.
There are hundreds of replies, and Tony’s finger twitches toward the “show this thread” button before he can stop himself. It’s like a slow motion trainwreck, except it’s Steve’s LIFE.
“Dialing,” JARVIS says, sounding almost sympathetic, and Tony rocks back upright, rubs at his forehead and squares his shoulders.
Is that why he’s not down here right now? Tony blinks at the time, forcing himself to breathe. 9:45 am. He can’t taste his coffee. Steve makes breakfast early, around 8 every morning whether anyone else is up and roaming the Tower or not; there’s no reason he
All this because he wasn’t fucking awake to head it off.
“That’s nice, Steve, look – I’ve got a lot of work to do today, I’m going down to the lab. See you tonight.”
Frowning, Tony glances back over his shoulder at the elevator, wondering if Steve had bothered to look at the news before his run. Wondering if he’s upstairs right now, doing the same thing that Tony is doing – staring down at his StarkTab in horrified fascination as the speculation piles up. Some pathetic, quivering part of his brain is so overcome with anxiety that he half-expects it to start leaking out his pores at the slightest movement. Steve’s never been on the receiving end of the kind of media frenzy that Tony Stark can generate just by stepping outside, not like this, and despite the fact that it contradicts everything he knows about the man – his, holy shit he can hardly believe he gets to say this, his BOYFRIEND – Tony can’t help but feel paralyzed by the possibility that Steve had taken one look at the headlines this morning and decided that this wasn’t worth it, after all.
“No,” Tony says again, and Steve shuts his mouth reluctantly. “No, no, still no. We’re just going to wait it out.”
give a shit about defamation of character?” Natasha scoffs, dragging his attention back to the present.
“I don’t
“God, yes. Was that a line? Yes.”
“Fuck,” he mutters again, fishing his phone out of his pocket. It’s eight in the morning, which is hideously early for him to begin with. Worse than yesterday, even. “What’s the number, what’s the – J, extension for legal?” Bothering Pepper again won’t do him any good. Maybe if he takes things into his own hands…
he not want to say anything until he’s reasonably sure that he won’t fuck it up!
“They’ll speculate anyway. People are going to be making jokes about this for years, Steve. Years! I want those articles incinerated, I’m serious, I’m ten seconds away from hacking into their archives and factory resetting every single one of their –”
"Good. I thought I was going to have to trick you into it."
He has to have faith that he can get a handle on it.
“Holy shit!” Clint cackles, falling backwards off of the couch and onto his head. He’s laughing so hard that Tony can feel the vibration in the floor under his socked feet, clutching his gut and grinning up at Tony with gleeful, teary eyes. “Please tell me they think we’re having orgies up here!” Nat snorts and nudges her with her toe, delicately with the underside because she’s only just painted the nails deep maroon. “We
“Wrong, nothing’s wrong,” Tony laughs, foot tapping so rapidly on the floor that his whole body is practically vibrating. He places a hand over Steve’s and squeezes briefly, warmly, before prying it off and taking another quick step backwards. “So paranoid. Don’t miss me too much, sweetheart, I’ll be back before you know it.”
In hindsight, he should have expected it. Steve is, after all, the least subtle person that Tony has ever met in his life. That he was still refusing to give up his obnoxious spangly gimmick this many years into the whole Avengers thing should have been pretty telling, but Tony, lead by his dick, had happily overlooked that for a few hours of a warm hand in his, a set of blue eyes blazing adoringly in his direction.
The elevator doors slide shut once again and Tony slams his forehead against them forcefully as soon as they start their descent, huffing out a strangled breath.
“Not going to dignify that with a response,” he mutters. Great, he’s starting to get pissed. It’s one thing for the press to come for his throat. Tony’s above that shit, has been since he was thirteen, whatever. If Howard did one good thing for him it was giving him a very thick skin for this sort of thing. But Captain America?
Like the only thing that matters to him is
“You can do that now,” Tony argues weakly. Steve’s fingers have stopped moving in his hair. He rubs his head forcibly back on them until he starts up again. “We can literally do that anytime, Steve, seriously, what’s your motive?”
ridiculous. Tony would be laughing at him if he weren't so uncomfortable.
“I think we both knew that this was coming,” Pepper points out, sounding both very tired and very fond. “Don’t worry about me. You know that I can handle a couple of stray reporters. I’ll be back in a few weeks, we can go out to lunch, and their poor little brains won’t be able to keep up. How’s Steve coping?”
“What? No, they’re fine, it’s just. We shouldn’t have gone out in public.”
Suffice to say, Tony has plenty of good excuses as to why he didn’t insist on a little more discretion. He’s only human. And Steve was clearly trying to kill him.
Steve is being remarkably, almost unrealistically patient with him about it all. He’d snuck out and read through the headlines at his favorite little café, with their shitty wifi, on the third day, but Tony could hardly be mad when he came home grinning ear to ear and lifted Tony straight up into his arms, peppering his face with kisses, excited about the quality of the photos and the tender way they looked at each other in them.
“Of course. What was I thinking.”
“Tony? Have you slept?”
, he reminds himself, and plasters on a painful smile when Pepper’s face appears projected against the wall, brows furrowed with confusion and vague disapproval.
dramatic.
“You call The Bugle a legitimate news source?” Natasha squints at him like he should know better, which, fair. But it’s the principle of the thing!
“At least consider it,” Steve pleads, except he says it with certainty – like he knows that Tony will, and asking is just a formality. Wow. Tony wants to get his hackles up over that (prove him wrong! Some incredibly stupid part of him screams) but it’s really, really hard to say no to Steve Rogers. Especially when he’s so goddamned earnest about it, fuck, is that really necessary? “We can do it together. I can take your hand in front of the whole world.”
“Sorry, no can do,” Bruce says, but now his lips are twitching with what Tony is absolutely certain is amusement. He frowns at him, betrayed, but Bruce just shakes his head fondly continues staring down at the scientific journal in his lap. “I don’t really want to know anything about the Hulk’s kinks. Or if he has them.”
“I’m so fucking glad that you’re amused,” Tony growls. Steve’s arms, which are wrapped tightly around his midsection, are all that’s holding him back from lunging forward and mauling the tablet on the coffee table. “Give me that, I want a name.”
“I love you,” he breathes as he raises the ceramic to his lips. Steve gives a little twitch, but by the time Tony has opened his eyes again – it’s a long moment, not savoring the first sip is a crime against humanity, even when it’s so hot he can’t even taste it – he’s schooled his features again into that disarmingly soft smile, small and pink and utterly kissable. Tony bites his own lip just thinking about it.
“I want to take you on another date,” Steve says evenly, but there’s a little guilty spark in his eyes that says he’s not giving Tony the full truth, and Tony mentally latches onto it with both hands. “And I know you’re not going to agree to go out in public with me again until you feel better about this. I think this would be quickest.”
“I like it,” Steve murmurs, and Tony feels the flush creep up the back of his neck, warm and pleasant despite his ongoing anxiety attack.
“Listen to Steve and Pepper,” she advises, cocking her head and examining his face in a completely unnerving manner. Thor has plucked the pages out of Bruce’s hands and is squinting at them, completely transfixed and apparently utterly disinterested in Steve and Tony’s love life; Bruce has been murmuring the answers to his questions for the past five minutes while the rest of them bickered. Clint is still on the floor, and Natasha is nearly done painting the nails on her left foot. She’s not even looking at what she’s doing and it’s flawless, which is… oddly intimidating. “It’s not like everyone in the world didn’t see this coming.”
“Since when do
Just as Tony steps into the room, Steve looks up – it’s like he has a sixth sense, sometimes, for when Tony is in the room, or maybe he’s just hoping that it’s Tony because his eyes absolutely light up when they find him. “Tony! I thought you had to work!”
It’s just getting his guard down in the first place. That’s the problem. Easier with circuits than with people. Tony is not much of a people person, no matter how well he fakes it.
“Oh.” They step into the elevator and simultaneously lean against the wall of it as the doors close again. JARVIS is silent, waiting patiently for their instructions, but Tony doesn’t actually want to take this up to the penthouse just in case Steve reacts really, really badly and needs to get away from Tony as fast as possible. That still seems like a distinct possibility. “… I thought the date went really well.”
Tony kind of wanted to taunt him about it, but that would have been hypocritical, probably. (Definitely.) He’d have to settle for bringing it up during sex. Mm… Steve, naked, sprawled out on Tony’s bed. Pale against the silky red sheets. Looking up at Tony the way he does when he lifts the faceplate after a battle, eyes hot and searching, pupils blown with adrenaline. Oh, God. That… that was a very nice mental image.
No - wait. Too soon for that. Right? He's not sure, he's never been very good at this relationship thing. But -
“Right,” Nat sighs, reaching across to the fruit bowl and selecting an apple, turning it over idly to inspect it while she talks. “All those newspaper clippings pinned to your bedroom wall are starting to make so much sense.”
“Might be time,” Tony agrees, casually as he can muster, and tries to ignore the sudden weakness in his knees. It's okay, though, because Steve's still here and he's got him. He crushes Tony back into his arms and lets out a lightheaded-sounding laugh.
patient. Because Steve was (is) fucking perfect.
Steve doesn’t deserve this.
“That doesn’t bother me,” Steve says confidently, tugging him back in and flattening his palm against Tony’s back, rubbing it in slow, firm circles. The tension has drained back out of him and his lips are incredibly soft where they press to Tony’s forehead, following his hairline. He doesn’t even complain about the taste of the half-gallon of product Tony’s got in his hair to keep it coiffed and perfectly in place. “But if it bothers you, we can make a statement.”
Sources say that soon after the Avengers team had settled into Stark’s iconic tower, Pepper felt she “couldn’t compete.” The Stark Industries CEO retreated to the West coast mere weeks later – “probably to get away from the lovebirds!” The same source tells us that Ms. Potts, 38, had been contemplating a separation from Mr. Stark for some time preceding the incident in Manhattan that spelled the end for their relationship. Inferences could be made about the strain of running a Fortune 500 company, which Stark has cited multiple times in the past as the driving force behind his more public breakdowns. It seems logical to conclude that Ms. Potts, who took the reins two years ago, might not have time for romance around her blossoming career.
“If you want to try and find my off switch, be my guest,” Steve says, spreading his hands with a suddenly coy smile, like he’s offering Tony his body to – to touch, to run his hands over and “look”, fuck, Steve is going to kill him.
“Not like this,” Tony mutters. “Trust me, I would know.”
“Oh, darn,” he says, sounding not the least bit sorry. “Guess I’m stuck with you now.”
“You guys are sickening,” Clint complains, looking up and between them with a critical eye. “I changed my mind, you can have your coming out party without me.”
“They’re not in my
like he’s going anywhere.
Evidently he hasn’t gotten his point across, because Steve perks right back up. He’s so very, very blond in this light, and goofy-looking with that grin spreading across his face, and Tony is forcibly reminded of an oversized golden retriever.
Turn to Page 2
As the elevator doors are sliding shut, he catches Natasha’s low murmur. “He’s probably going to call the sharks to deal with this. If he hasn’t already.”
For all that he doesn’t have a whole lot of nervous tics, Steve is a full-body blusher, and Irish to boot, so it’s hard to miss. His face is already starting to go blotchy pink. “Well, I had to be sure you weren’t going to sock me in the jaw for asking you out.”
“I would happily lay with you all,” Thor says earnestly. Tony’s brain goes briefly offline at the mental image that conjures and he tries his damnedest not to look intrigued, he really does, but the way Natasha is smirking at him makes him doubt that he’s entirely succeeded. “Asgard smiles upon the practice of lying with one’s shield brothers and sisters. It is a very pleasurable form of bonding –”
The first article had popped up around midnight.
He doesn’t want to hear anymore. Steve’s said it a thousand times now and he
“Arts and crafts aren’t really my thing, big guy,” Tony had said dismissively, and failed to notice the way that Steve’s eyes narrowed manically. “How about we just save them on a thumb drive.”
“That’s shocking. You’ve never paid someone’s tuition in exchange for regular morning blowjobs? And here I thought you were a philanthropist.”
A hand shoots out to catch it before it can crack against the wall; Tony clenches his fists and twists violently away to no avail. Steve catches him around the waist and pulls him in in a move that’s quickly become familiar, equally infuriating as it is terribly nice, in a way that strips Tony emotionally bare in milliseconds and leaves him feeling fidgety and vulnerable, quiet because he doesn’t know exactly what will come out of his mouth if he opens it. He wants to struggle or to protest but he knows from experience that Steve will just wait it out, patiently petting his arms and his face and his hair until he stops ranting and starts nuzzling back into the touches like he obviously wanted to from the get go.
Tony should probably hate that Steve knows him so well. He should definitely be alarmed by how quickly he got used to this, to Steve, in this capacity, but he’s not.
.” Tony snaps, a hot flush spreading across his cheekbones, god he can’t even look at Steve right now – “Those belonged to my father. But yes, I’ve read them. Steve, the public loves you. They LIKE loving you, almost as much as they love hating me.” He finally chances a quick glance under his lashes and catches the unimpressed eyeroll before Steve can hide it. “Ohoho, you think I’m kidding. Y’know what? I told you to put on the damn sunglasses.”
But Steve has never cared about that.
“If you say so, sir,” JARVIS replies mildly. Tony gives him the finger.
This reporter could not find any conclusive evidence on the existence of such a policy. They did, however, manage to catch a few sordid moments between Mr. Stark and his new flame.
Unbidden, Tony’s imagination conjures up Steve, wide-eyed and hurt, marching up to him to ask if he’s been tested, recently, awkward the way he gets when he knows that what he’s saying could easily be read as an accusation and he doesn’t want that, but it’s totally reasonable, because – well – he’s Tony Stark, and everybody knows –
“Make a noise once in a while, huh?”
“How about you come to bed with me?” Steve says, all low and husky right into his ear, and though he’s too far gone to even consider getting hard over that, Tony nods and clutches his mug to his chest, leaning forward until their foreheads rest together.
And now he has to tell him. He sucks in a quick breath and lets it out, summoning his courage before he joins the others. Thor, Clint, and Steve are all squeezed onto the couch together – Tony’s not entirely sure how Clint is breathing, squished between the two of them, but hot damn it’s an attractive place to suffocate to death. He’s also, somehow, winning this round of Mario Kart and talking a massive amount of shit while he does it. Thor is not handling it well.
“I don’t need these,” he said, and that – that should have set off some warning bells, Tony sees it now, because of course, Steve doesn’t
“That could be really interesting, actually,” Tony says reluctantly, and he’s so, so, so glad that Steve fits his wide palm over his mouth just then because whatever was about to come out of it was both woefully off topic and probably irreversibly awkward.
Tony’s reputation has been limping along for a long time. Visibly scarred, just like his chest. But Steve is the type who believes in second chances, in wiping a slate clean.
This was easier when it was just the two of them, just a quiet, private thing they could tease and toy at together, alone. Tony hadn’t needed to think about how it would all pan out when it was just him and Steve, learning each other. Staying up late in the glow of the television or the muted starlight on the balcony. It had felt… safe. Hopeful. But now –
Eye witnesses say they’ve seen Stark canoodling with official Avengers team leader, Steve Rogers, on multiple occasions both in public and in the relative privacy of Avengers tower. “There’s an awful lot of… touching. I think it’s inappropriate. The Avengers have a fraternization policy, surely?” says one employee, who wishes to remain anonymous. “I think it’s a shame that Mr. Stark left such a lovely woman for a man. Not only that, but Captain America is practically his boss!”
“J, pull all mentions of Tony Stark and Captain America from Steve’s news feed today,” he mutters. “I don’t want a word of this to get to him until I talk to him later.” It’s probably not the most ethical stopgap but Tony is currently pressed for time, and it will have to do for now. It’s not like he wants to be the one to break the news to him but it’s probably for the best. With any luck, none of their teammates will go to Steve if they have questions – miraculously, they’re all rather intelligent people (even Barton, though he hates to admit it), and besides, they love tormenting Tony with an unholy glee. At the very least, they’ll probably wait until tonight to catch both of them at once, and hopefully by then Tony will have called in every favor he’s accumulated in the past twenty years and managed to corner Steve alone, and maybe they can shove this all back into the closet for a while. Or, you know, forever. It’s cozy.
“Fine. More than fine. You didn’t want to let me up for my run.” He sounds fond and amused and not at all like he’s been reading the “Controversy” section of Tony’s Wikipedia page, which only makes Tony all the more desperate to do whatever harm reduction he can before this makes it to the newsstand or onto a billboard. “Kept mumbling at me to come back.”
“Enough with the sass,” Tony mutters. “Call. I want the chief editor.”
“Those are all trash rags,” Natasha comments, leaning over his shoulder while he scrolls angrily through his feed the next day, and Tony has been so caught up in what is a very promising fit of ice-cold rage that he jumps halfway out of his skin and knocks over his coffee. Swearing, he grabs for the paper towel roll on the counter beside him and begins dabbing it off his pants.
Steve doesn’t
“Fuck,” he says succinctly.
“Tonight you do.” Tony’s eyes dropped pointedly to the faint impression of Steve’s abs through the fabric of his white t-shirt. Fuck, he wanted to
Any stupid, half-hearted hopes that Tony had harbored that Steve, of all people, might be immune to the kind of scrutiny that Tony Stark is drenched in is flushed down the toilet. This, he registers dimly, is not even close to the worst of it. This is tame.
“Time,” Steve agrees, and strokes his thumb beneath Tony’s lip. “Okay.”
“Nooooo,” he drawls, shooting her one more pout as he begins wiping lukewarm coffee out of the grooves of his chair. How humiliating. He should invent a robot to do things like this – one more coordinated than DUM-E, for sure, but the possibilities… He coughs, aware that she’s raising her perfectly sculpted eyebrow at him, waiting. “I’m going to sic my lawyers on them for defamation of character. Then I’m going to let
“You don’t have to help, Tony. I just think it would be neat.”
Steve's lips are twitching. "Are you done?"
“What did they say that was so bad?” Steve asks, and then he’s moving downward, and Tony slams his forehead against the metal and let’s his shoulders slump.
, I’m not hiding anything, Jesus, Steve, have you seen yourself? Straight men want you to fuck them, they should all be jealous, it’s – just, promise me you won’t look it up. I don’t – people say really nasty things.”
twist my –”
parts of his body, as well.
“Why not?” Steve challenges. “Puts the ball back in our court, doesn’t it?”
be mad.
Steve was midway through tucking the arm of the glasses into the collar of his shirt; he smacked his hands over his pecs and flushed nicely.
Tony groans. Natasha slaps a hand over his mouth helpfully, and Clint plucks the paper out of his reach, ignoring Steve’s hangdog look as he folds it up and backs away.
He just hopes that Steve doesn’t see anything too humiliating before Tony gets a handle on it.
“Not my character,” Tony says, affronted. He flails a hand in Steve’s direction.
“No, unfortunately, that’s just the tip of the iceberg,” Tony mumbles into the fabric of Steve’s shirt. He can’t help himself; he wraps his arms around Steve’s waist and huddles closer to him, breathing in the scent of his laundry detergent and sighing. Might as well soak as much of this in as he can while he still can, right? “Pepper’s handling it, but I… don’t think I can sue them all.”
He fully intends to keep talking until the doors slide shut behind him but he doesn’t even make it into the elevator before Steve follows after him, reaching for his arm to pull him back and frowning when he steps neatly out of range and nearly trips over himself getting into the compartment. “Tony. Hey. What’s wrong?”
“There are pictures.” Tony coughs, rubs at his goatee, takes a deep breath and coughs again. He doesn’t meet Steve’s eyes. He’ll have to in a moment, but he doesn’t want to see it in his eyes if… “Someone – well, multiple someones, must have recognized us. It’s all over the internet.”
“Shall I call The Bugle directly, sir, or would you prefer to compose a strongly worded email?”
“You,” Tony says, splutters, and can’t come up with a word strong enough to express his incredulity. Some rational part of his brain is screaming at him that he needs to tell Steve what a terrible idea that is, assure him that he’d understand if he decided that this wasn’t worth it, that he could still call things off. But the larger, vastly more selfish part of him is rolling ecstatically around in the hot, defiant, possessive undertone in Steve’s voice. He thinks about waking up alone, in the center of his huge bed, to cold, stiff sheets and without a pair of huge arms wrapped around his waist, and the idea of it is so unappealing that his throat feels like it’s about to close up. It’s ridiculous. He’s only had Steve for a few weeks… Only had him in his bed for one night. But it already feels like he
“Hey!”
“No, I mean,” Tony catches himself, tugging the top button if his shirt undone in frustration. “The date was great, Steve, don’t get me wrong, but.” How to say this delicately… Tony grimaces. Fuck it, might as well just blurt it out.
Any day now, Steve is going to get sick of this.
Refreshing the page only brings another two headlines, but Tony knows that by noon there will be dozens, maybe hundreds. He’s lucky that Steve avoids Twitter like the plague. But still… Damn. Pepper really
“I would never do that,” Tony says automatically, and oh, God, he can’t even tell anymore if those are butterflies in his stomach or if he’s really going to throw up all over the inside of this elevator. It’s guaranteed to be all acid, if he does; he’s had about six cups of coffee today and nothing else. “I don’t care about
(1.6k Retweets)
Clearly, he’s made Steve into a sap, too, so it’s fine.
“I’m okay with being called a slut,” Clint shrugs. Natasha nods in agreement, balancing her heel on Clint’s knee so that she can lean down and begin applying a second coat of polish.
“I’m listening,” Steve says. H e’s doing the nervous jaw-clenching thing again, and Tony wants to reach up and rub at it, soothe him.
He looks like exactly as much of an idiot as he expected he would. Yay.
will be barging in here, too, demanding to know why he hadn’t heard it from Tony himself. Demanding that Steve shake his hand, probably. FUCK.
“The press conference.”
He chokes mid-swallow at the photo accompanying that last one; Steve, standing behind him – tall, blond, handsome, smiling from beneath his lashes as he pulls out Tony’s chair for him with a flourish. Tony, faintly flushed and lips curved up in what is more a goofy grin than the smooth smirk he’d been going for.
Pfft. Yeah, right. Okay.
(♥ 840)
“Call Pepper for me, will you? Let’s get this over with.”
Tony glances backwards and fights back a fond smile. “He’s been printing out articles for our scrapbook.” Pepper’s eyebrows shoot straight into her hairline.
gonna tap that, later. “
“I didn’t mean it like that,” Steve sighs. He shifts even closer, until their noses are rubbing together; Tony has the vague thought that if this were anyone else, he’d be irritated, maybe even offended. Pepper had always complained that he got standoffish when he was upset like this – didn’t like to be touched, or, well, wouldn’t let himself be touched, anyway. He’s like a cat that way, wants things and then can’t handle it when he gets them, shies away just to keep himself from getting overwhelmed. Hates being vulnerable. Steve always manages to rip straight past that, though, and gets right to the trembling center of him.
Someone’s going to fucking pay for this. He’s not going to deal with this shit for their entire relationship. He’s
“Why are we suing people?” Steve asks, bemused. “Were they terrible photos?”
“I thought you were out?” Oh, no, that’s Steve’s frowny voice. Tony hates the frowny voice. Often, it’s the first warning sign before he whips out his Captain Voice, which is about ten times worse and has an unfortunate side effect of making Tony want to punch him a little. Or a lot. But Steve’s not reading him the riot act right now – he looks genuinely concerned, the cut of his jaw even more striking than usual from the way he’s clenching his teeth, eyes darting over Tony’s face in uncharacteristic nervousness as he offers, seemingly in explanation, “I read your interview with The Advocate.”
If Steve ever decides to use these powers for evil, Tony is so screwed.
That is not, Tony knows, the sound of Steve giving up. This is a tactical retreat. He’s just regrouping, waiting for Tony to shore up his defenses one last time before he goes in for the kill. The thought is not as dismaying as it should be. Tony feels strangely giddy.
feeling won’t be dislodged from his chest, from his throat, no matter how hard Tony rubs and taps at the reactor. No matter how much he swallows and coughs and breathes to ten.
“We’re not holding a press conference.” His eye twitches. Natasha reaches over and pats him on the back of the head, perhaps less gently than she could have.
“Tony,” Steve and Bruce sigh at the same time, in almost the exact same tone. They turn to look approvingly at each other and Tony takes his chances at breaking free while Steve’s not paying attention, but he might as well be pushing at a set of steel bars; Steve just hugs him closer against his chest and rubs his smooth cheek deliberately against Tony’s scruffy one.
he doesn’t say. Mostly because the thought of Steve wanting to date someone else makes him feel like he’s been kicked in the solar plexus.
Tony takes a deep breath, pinches his nose, and bellows,
Maybe -
Tony’s waist, and it’s a struggle not to melt right into it. Tony’s face feels abruptly hot. It’s
“Come on now, man, it’s not a big deal.”
Tony hates doing damage control. He hates it so much. Normally he’d just drop a memo for his laywers and wash his hands of it, wouldn’t touch it himself at all, because frankly there are far better uses of his time than getting worked up over what random nobodies on the internet were saying about him, except –
“Not true,” Steve says, looking put-out and still suspicious but the edges of his gaze soften as Tony waves him goodbye with his pinky finger. “I miss you already. Text me?”
“Fucking Steve,” he mutters, and doesn’t even bother to raise a finger when JARVIS replies drily, “Shall I ask Captain Rogers down to the communal floor, sir?”
is what did him in, because God, Steve is just, he’s too adorable for his own good. Which is how Tony found himself ordering sixteen pounds of cardstock and rubber cement at 3am on a Tuesday, wondering how the hell this is his life.
a secret identity,” Steve reminded Tony, patiently. Because when was Steve ever
. They should really get going before his resistance crumbled.
“Between you and me, sweetheart, I don’t think you could ever turn me off.”
“Well, I’m glad
Tony throws up his hands and huffs, stalking out of the room, five pairs of eyes trailing after him in bemusement.
“I hate to tell you this, Tony,” Steve sighs, wandering closer and attempting to peer at the StarkTab he’d abandoned on the table right beside his sadly empty mug; Tony makes a grab for it and clutches it to his chest protectively, absurdly flustered. They’d squabbled over it the entire night, but he’s not sure how long he can keep Steve from finding a way to look at the news, even with JARVIS running interference. “But I’ve been slandered before.”
“Wow, I wasn’t sure you could say that word out loud,” Tony laughs.
“Actually, yes, but I have just, a teensy, tiny problem, and I’m going to need your help.”
“Oh, shut up. I’m not asking you to lie for me on national television. Your conscience will strangle you to death in your sleep. It won't be explainable by medical science, I'll be the primary suspect because you'll be in my bed when it happens, obviously, and then Pepper will have to bail me out of jail again and then, Steve, then she is going to use her heels to punch holes in my head so that maybe I'll hear her next time she tells me to do something - you laugh but that's a real threat! She said that to me! Out loud! Multiple times! You think you're being nice but really, you're just facilitating my murder, Steve, that's not very boyfriendly of you."
A week later, there's a new photo of the two of them magnetted to the fridge. They're standing side by side on a podium, sharing one microphone between them, in dark suits offset by the jewel tones of their respective dress shirts beneath (the regular red for Tony, and a deep, gorgeous blue for Steve, who had squirmed his way through the entire fitting with a long-suffering pout on his lips) and clutching each other's hands, half-hidden behind them.
He’s lucky that Steve wants to take him out at all, and he’s not going to let the press ruin whatever little time he gets out of it. Tony’s not stupid. He knows that this is a limited time only thing, that eventually Steve will get sick of him and all of his eccentricities, his mood swings, his complete lack of social graces when it’s just the two of them and Tony doesn’t have to pretend to be an aristocratic douchebag, can just be the regular kind of douchebag that frequently has motor oil in his hair and doesn’t exercise enough. God knows what Steve sees in him, but Tony’s definitely not going to complain. He’s going to cherish every second of this until it’s over, gossip rags be damned.
Really, it’s his own fault, Tony manages to think blankly as he stares down at the screaming headline in front of him. His fingers feel numb around the StarkTab. Vaguely, he thinks his face might be sweating, which would be more worrying if he weren’t so busy trying to make enough sense of this to come up with a plan. Any sort of plan. Any way to keep Pepper from strangling him the next time he fails to avoid her. It’s absolutely Tony’s fault, because he knows that Steve’s listening skills leave a lot to be desired. He knows that, knows Steve, more importantly, so he should have taken precautions. So he
“If I can do it, I can say it,” Steve says, grinning. He loosens his arms and takes a half-step back, turning Tony gently so that he’s facing him. Blue eyes lock searchingly onto his and Tony stays very still, forcing himself not to look away or fidget, letting Steve perform his little checks. And the whole team calls
Because God forbid Tony cherish the fragile, precious beginnings of his own shiny new relationship, he thinks moodily. The prospect of Rhodey showing up unannounced before Tony’s got a lid fucking superglued on this thing is beginning to make him nauseous. Damn his nosy, overprotective friends. Why the hell are they all like that?
“Getting antsy without any aliens to kill?” Tony mutters, but his smile doesn’t feel fake. It just feels tired. Steve’s massive hand comes up to cup his jaw and he leans into it, because he can’t not. Because he’s too selfish to just put an end to this himself, before Steve runs off and does something stupid, which, honestly, Tony kind of can’t believe he hasn’t done already. He’s hyperaware of the fact that that is only the case because Steve respects him, and that – that… he doesn’t know how to deal with that information.
“A – what? Steve, no.”
Fuck, he thinks desperately, and has to force himself not to grind his teeth over the next one. Buzzfeed has already begun rounding up the most popular tweets.
Tony glares. Steve shoots her a million-watt smile, fingers carding through Tony’s hair. Unconsciously, he tips his head back into the touch, eyes fluttering shut.
“What are you thinking about?” Steve asks, just a touch of the worry he’s clearly trying to smother in his voice. That’s… fair. Tony’s tendency to get lost in his own head is a well-known warning sign for some of his more ambitious pet projects. He’s got a couple of those half-assembled down in the workshop right now, actually, come to think of it, which he makes a mental note to stow away before the next time Steve decides to pop in unannounced and force-feed him the dinner he’d skipped.
There’s a copy of the National Enquirer lying innocently on the breakfast nook when Tony stumbles up from the workshop at the asscrack of dawn several days later, dazed and holding his sad, empty coffee cup. He’s barely conscious when he notices it – he hasn’t been able to focus in weeks, but after his… talk, with Steve the other night, clarity had burst through the haze of panic at last and he’d climbed right over Steve and out of bed, nearly forgetting his pants in his haste to get down to the workshop to pry apart his gauntlets.
“This is actually a really nice photo of us,” Steve says, staring at the blurry spread of the two of them crowded into a corner and kissing furiously with such warm affection that Tony’s insides are squirming with embarrassment. It's what he says every time but it still sounds ridiculous, it
“It’s really not,” Steve jumps in, apparently eager to convince Tony of this totally offensive, untrue fact. His hand settles on Tony’s waist, fingers stretching
Tony reached over and plucked the glasses back off of Steve’s collar and unfolded them, shoving them none-too-gently onto his face. Steve scrunched his nose up.
Perfect.
“Who the fuck
“I still think that we should just hold a press conference,” Steve is saying in the present, nuzzling under Tony’s jaw. He’s so huge, a massive wall of muscle pressed up behind him; Tony is starting to feel a little dizzy and he’s pretty sure that it’s not just because Steve is slowly suffocating him. “Confirm the rumors, take away their power. They can’t speculate on anything if we tell them everything.”
“I’ll put you right through,” JARVIS soothes.
Which, while entirely incomprehensible and also very, glaringly stupid, makes Tony feel like the arc reactor is overheating in his chest. He clutches a hand to it almost as if to check, but it’s cool to the touch as usual. Steve – Steve is looking at him the way that Pepper used to, except it’s more, and Steve’s not about to let him down gently with “I can’t date a superhero”, nor, apparently, is “I can’t date someone who’s been gangbanged on tape” apparently on the table. Tony sucks in a breath. He knows he’s zoning out but he can’t help it. Something momentous is happening in his brain and for once it has nothing to do with circuits.
In a bizarre twist of fate, Pepper finds the whole thing hilarious. Tony is torn between feeling pathetically grateful that she’s not mad and wanting to shake her until she understands that this is the end of the world.
Steve’s about to be dragged buck-naked through the proverbial mud and hung up next to every random celebrity Tony has ever been naked with. They’re going to be mocking Captain America on talk shows for months. Inviting him just to ask him if Tony pitches or catches, and
Their date was shockingly sweet, so nice that Tony wanted to hold his breath afterward for fear that it would all disappear and turn out to be just another impossible dream. Holding his breath turns out to be impossible, however, with Steve’s hands in his hair and down his pants and all over him. It’s a long time coming and shockingly athletic, and for once in his life, Tony dropped right off to sleep afterward with the low, comforting sound of Steve’s chuckling in his ear, the warm, damp slide of a cloth on the insides of his thighs. It was, to his recollection, just past eleven when his eyes slid shut.
be down here, really, but the anxious
Steve is sitting a foot away from the thing, not even looking at it, which should have tipped him off. Alas, Tony is not awake enough to read a room, much less Steve’s morning stoicism. His coffee cup is dangling from his pinky finger now, utterly forgotten. He blinks once, groggily. Squints his eyes and wills the letters to come into focus.
“What now?” Steve asks, not even pretending not to be amused as he glances down at the bolded text at the top of the page. He gives a short, choked laugh, the sort that he makes when he’s taken off guard at how funny he finds something. “Oh.”
Tony hisses and twists in Steve’s grip, which is ridiculously gentle despite the fact that he can’t fucking move an inch. “Let me go, come on. You can’t actually expect me to let them get away with saying shit like that? In a legitimate news source?”
“Horny, definitely,” Bruce says in the mildest tone possible.
“Tony, I don’t care,” Steve begins, but Tony waves him off impatiently. He gives the chair he’d been sitting at one more cursory wipe with the sodden paper towel in his hand and tries not to feel the tendrils of panic in his gut. There’s no reason to panic, there’s no reason to…
"Like you even
“I’m not sure I want to know where that sentence was going,” Steve says drily from behind the towel he’s using to mop the sweat out of his hair. Tony’s mouth snaps shut and his eyes zero in on those glorious thighs. He might be drooling, he’s really not sure anymore. He’d discovered last night that sex was an excellent distraction from his anxiety and it’s a struggle not to cling to Steve like a baby koala and forget about the world for a few days. Or weeks.
He lets out a noise like a deflating balloon and Steve just strokes his back, grinning, and tells JARVIS to take them to the penthouse.
Another thought occurs to him suddenly and Tony’s skin starts to feel too-tight, clammy. Fuck. Pepper… is
It’s been weeks and Steve still hasn’t freaked out, or left, or gotten tired of his constant moping. Tony doesn’t
“What are you gonna do to him?” Clint sniggers, far more amused than he has any right to be. He’s reclaimed the tablet and is greedily skimming the article, more than likely looking for more fodder for raising Tony’s blood pressure. “Hey, show of hands, who thinks the person who wrote this was homophobic and who thinks they’re just really horny?”
understand the media these days. It’s been a couple of years and it’s not like he hasn’t been thoroughly acquainted with the internet but sometimes the things he says in interviews are so painfully honest and real that Tony has to press a hand to his own chest and wince, something carefully cultivated in his chest curling up and dying of secondhand embarrassment. He wonders sometimes if Howard is rolling in his grave; he wonders, actually, if Howard knew this about Steve and had just charitably ignored it. Maybe assumed he’d grow out of it? If only he’d set aside some of that patience for his own kid, right? Tony is not bitter, not at all.
"Probably not."
“That’s what he said yesterday,” Steve says, sounding distinctly put out.
is what it is. Steve should never have been given this knowledge, clearly, because he’s going to use it for evil the same way Pepper always did – “Tony, I don’t mind. I don’t care what people are saying about me. And I don’t care if people know about us. Actually, I’m kind of –”
Everybody except Steve. Tony’s not naïve enough to think that Steve doesn’t know all about his hellion days, but the SHIELD briefing would have been very formal, succinct. They wouldn’t have showed fresh-out-of-the-ice, vulnerable-to-culture-shock Steve Rogers his myriad of leaked sex tapes, for example, or the interview he’d done after that one court-mandated rehab stint. That was pretty bad. But it was the 90s! Nothing that happened in the 90s was relevant anymore. And that’s where all of that shit should have stayed, could have stayed, and maybe Tony could have had a few years of domestic bliss before Steve would’ve realized what a mistake it was.
"And if you can't fix it, what are you going to do?"
"What part of 'keep a low profile' is too complex for you to understand?" Had a subordinate proved to be so disobedient, he would have lived only just long enough to regret it. The necessity of keeping Sin under the impression that she was an ally rather than a simple tool was growing tiresome. "Your vendetta against SHIELD contributes nothing towards our ultimate goal," Doom explained, with more than admirable patience. "When I have the spear and its powers, you will be amply rewarded. You can then deal with Captain America and his sidekick as you see fit. For now, you will do nothing. Do you understand?"
subfamily, or anything else exotic or potentially to the local ecology.
None of them talked about it, not Thor, not Cap, not Spiderman - who had apparently died and been resurrected with fascinatingly disgusting spinnerets in his wrists while Clint had been gone — and not Clint himself. Cap wouldn't even say the word 'dead'; it was always 'while I was gone,' or 'when I wasn't here,' or 'after I was shot.' Always 'shot,' and never 'killed.' Clint wasn't sure if he avoiding saying it because he didn't like thinking about it, or because of the way Tony and Sam's faces went still and blank whenever you mentioned it.
"It wouldn't even have to be her fault," Sam repeated. "Like I said, he could have planted suggestions in her head."
It had been his decision to hack the Mandarin's rings, to deliberately let the Mandarin electrocute him in order to do so. His decision to get the Extremis in the first place.
Steve didn't say anything, but his jaw tightened a little; Clint wasn't exactly his favorite person at the moment, either, though knowing Steve and Clint and the way their perpetual contest of friendly one-up-man-ship worked, he'd get over being annoyed fairly quickly.
It was like laying her hands on a live electrical wire. Power poured through her like fire, raw and uncontrolled, and only the hard-won control of years kept her from being swept away by it.
Steve was standing in the doorway now, his shield in hand. From the look on his face, he was about to throw Loki's offer of 'aid' back in her teeth. Don beat him to it.
"You no longer have the security clearance necessary for me to confirm or deny that," Sharon told him, voice cool.
Except that when he planted one hand on Tony's chest to pin his shoulder blades more firmly to the ground, he could feel the soft swell of Tony's right breast under his palm. That was... not like before. The sports bra must not be made of very thick fabric, because Steve could actually feel Tony's nipple hardening through it.
"That was better," Steve said, grinning at Tony, who was now flat on his back on the mat with Steve straddling him, using his ‘extra mass’ to pin him in place. "You're actually trying this time, but I still took you down pretty quickly. Come on, rich boy," he added, smirking down at Tony, "give me a real challenge."
"I can still feel it," Wanda said, frowning at the door. "It's fainter, but it's still there. The vault shielding doesn't block it."
Sean "Head Case" Madigan was no longer capable of facial expressions; his face, inside the plexiglass containment helmet that surrounded his dead body with the chemical mists that kept it animated and functioning, was a nightmare vision of exposed muscle and half-rotted skin. Somehow, he managed to sneer at them anyway.
That sounded reasonable.  Steve made himself take a deep breath, then another.  "We should get him up off the floor.  Take him to the—do we even have an infirmary anymore?"
Sam shook his head. "I vote no. There's too much we can't be sure of, especially this soon."
A  few moments later, he and Tony started back for the table, Tony with a  glass of soda in each hand, and Steve with MJ's water.  Steve  surrendered his hold on Tony, but kept one hand on the small of his  back, guiding him toward the table.
Or she could just let herself in. She hadn't flown at top speed all the way from LA to wait around for Tony to make room in his schedule for her. He had to have some rational justification for why he thought it was a good idea to accept help from supervillains after they'd just finished fixing the mess from the last time they'd done so, and she couldn't wait to hear it.
that he'd pushed the throttle all the way forward.
Doom.  She was giving him to Doom.  Don got his feet under him and launched himself at Loki, ignoring the way his knee flared with pain.  Thor's memories of countless battles were there in his head, nearly indistinguishable from his own; he slammed his shoulder into her stomach, reaching for her belt knife.  A stab upwards under the ribs or into the kidneys would take down even a giantess, and then he could get to Mjolnir and-
"Oh." Pepper flashed him a momentary grin. "I guess that makes a difference, doesn't it? But the threat stands. Hurt him, and I'll hurt you." She said this with such confidence that it never occurred to Steve to doubt that she could carry said threat out, and never mind that she was a foot shorter than him.
If it did, she was going to take great pleasure in informing Doom that she'd managed to locate and obtain the manuscript completely without his aid. He wouldn't be grateful, of course — gratitude was probably beyond him — but he wanted the book badly enough that she might be able to squeeze a 'please' or 'thank-you' out of him. He would hate choking those words out.
"Unknown toxins are not on the short list of fluids I'm willing to suck from your body," she said dryly.
The scars and calluses from years of metal working were still there, too. He didn't have to wait for Hank's most recent round of test results to confirm that all the wear and tear on his body was still there; if he still had the small scars, he would still have the big ones.
Loki folded her arms, the gesture emphasizing the lush curves of her breasts, and pouted. "What must I do to earn your trust, thunder-god? What further assurances of my goodwill can I give you?"
Jan leaned back on her elbows and smiled at Steve, her expression wicked. "Yes, and we all appreciated it while it lasted." She turned the smile on Hank, and it shifted from wicked to outright flirtatious, despite the fact that Hank was visibly battered and wasn't exactly an object of admiration at the moment. "Just as we appreciated it when Hank wore that Goliath costume that had two leather straps instead of a shirt."
Tony closed his eyes and told Hank everything, hating the necessity for it. Well, not everything. Just the important parts, the parts that involved pain and bleeding.
The Adam's annual charity ball was semi-infamous in New York's business world; given the hosts' banking and finance connections, there was often as much quiet not-quite-insider-trading going on at the event as their was fundraising for the American Cancer Society.
Strange's study was lit almost entirely by natural light, sunlight pouring in through the huge, round window set in the far wall. At night, the main illumination would come from the candles scattered around the room, some of them stuck directly to tables or projecting pieces of the room's plaster molding with puddles of their own melted wax. Wanda eyed them speculatively and hoped that Strange had cast some form of fire prevention spell over the house. Several of them were dangerously close to the heavy brocade curtains that hung in the doorway and against one wall, and one half-melted specimen was glued to the top of a pile of books by a waterfall of wax that had dripped and then hardened.
Barnes made a face.  "By all means, let's not be politically incorrect."  From his tone of voice, he didn't mean it in the usual American 'freedom to be rude' sense, but in the Soviet 'agree with the government or else' sense.
Steve slammed a hand down on the edge of the table, the sturdy wood absorbing the impact with a dull thud. "If we let Loki get her hands on that spear, everything she does with it will be our fault." His voice had risen until it was halfway to a shout, his face flushing red.
Tony nodded, and did his best to squash the panicked little part of his mind that was already wondering what he was going to do if they couldn't. How was he going to explain this to the media? To Pepper and Happy and Rhodey? To his date tomorrow night?
"And do you regret that decision?"
pregnant. He didn't look like Tony, either, despite the scars that silently proclaimed his identity.
Steve  glanced over at Tony, who had reached the bar by now, and felt a small  pang of guilt.  Tony hated going anywhere near a bar, offers to fetch  drinks notwithstanding, something Steve knew perfectly well, and should  have remembered.  He ought to have volunteered to go himself, as soon as  Tony brought it up.
"No," Steve said, staring down at his hands. He was still wearing his gloves, and in the bright fluorescent hospital lights, he could see shiny spots across the knuckles and palm where the leather was starting to wear. "Hank's working on it. Spiderman's here; he's helping him."
"It's why we love you," Tony said. Not 'why I love you,' Steve noted. "Don't tell anyone about this, all right? I meant it when I told Wanda that I didn't want anyone to know." His jaw set, and Steve recognized the flash of stubborn determination in his eyes, and the panic lurking behind it. "I just want this over with as soon as possible, and as quietly as possible."
The last of the bystanders had slipped through the door now, leaving just the security staff to get caught in any crossfire, and through the glass doors, Don could see Steve outside on the sidewalk, directing people away from the building. Tony must have used his Extremis abilities to call him. Jan, too, he realized – there was a small, moving dot barely visible just inside the door, flying towards the security personnel.
"I am. That's the problem."
The next step was nosebleeds. Steve wasn't sure what happened after that — Tony had never pushed the Extremis that far, after damaging it so badly fighting the Mandarin — but it couldn't be good.
"For the love of-" Iron Man interrupted, just as Hank reached the front hall, the print out of his test results still absently clutched in one hand. "Will you stop apologizing, Thor? It's not your fault. You didn't mean for this to happen." His electronically-modified voice sounded odd, off in some subtle way that Hank couldn't pin down.
"I'm not playing secretary," Hank said, not at all defensively. "I'm monitoring communications."
"Don't push our luck." Sam bent down and made a show of knocking on the edge of the coffee table. "If you say that too many times, Jan will be next."
If he'd died in Afghanistan, killed by his own company's weapons, it would have been cosmic justice. Maybe this was, too.
"You guys got something?" a tall, muscular black guy edged around the file cabinet that divided Hank and Peter's section of the lab from the hiding doctors and labs techs. His voice was vaguely familiar, and Peter had a hazy memory of seeing him in a suit, talking to Tony, during the Registration hearings.
Then he looked back at Steve, and the smile on his face was strained. "He would have complained that he was just a big, dumb, ex-bruiser who didn't understand anything here, and asked me why I couldn't have brought someone else instead, and secretly looked at everything here while pretending not to, and loved the whole thing."
Stop it, Steve told himself. The last thing Tony's going to let you do is use him for figure-drawing practice. Talk about just using someone for their body...
"Wanda!" She felt her face heat, and hated it. Damn it, Wanda was staying here, too. How could she have forgotten?
Theoretically, he ought to be able to transfer them into other people, as well, but no one on the West Coast team had been willing to let him test this on them. Not even Clint, who'd used Pym particles before.
She pulled open the door to reveal Agatha Harkness standing on the front steps, in a familiar old-fashioned dress that made no concessions to the cold weather. After four hundred years spent living in and around New England, snow probably didn't bother her.
"I used to have these web-shooter thingies I wore. Now it's organic. Here, I'll get that," he added, as he watched her tug futilely at the webbing. He reached out and grabbed the corner of the clipboard in one hand, and jerked the webbing loose with the other. He'd used the non-sticky kind, so it came loose after a couple of hard yanks -- one of the benefits of the organic web-shooters was that he could control the consistency of the webbing without changing cartridges. "Sorry about that," Peter said, shoving the webbing into the pocket of his jeans. "Thanks."
Jan was sitting forward in her char now, leaning her elbows on her knees. "Half of them will spend at least the first hour of the party too stunned and weirded out to exchange inside trading tips and plot Stark Industries' downfall behind your back, and all it will take is a pair of heels and some eyeliner."
"He might have breasts, but he's still Tony." Clint sounded mildly horrified; Tony might have been offended if he hadn't known him so well. "I mean, not that it isn't about time you displayed interest in a human being who wasn't Jan, but
“Tony?”  He sounded desperate, Steve knew, afraid, when Tony needed him to sound calm.  “They’re landing now.  We’ll get you help.”
Tony straightened up, moving away from the wall, and turned to face Maya. She was staring at him, too, frowning. "You should have let me keep those rings," she said.
Sam appeared in the doorway behind him, looking grim, and fastened one hand around Hank's bicep. "We'll be in the hall," he said, and tugged Hank backwards out the door.
Tony should have been in a meeting with Stark Enterprise's board of directors right now, discussing the business forecast for the next year and avoiding discussing the fact that he was once again funding the Avengers. Pepper had convinced him that he ought to reschedule for tomorrow. "When you show up to a meeting pale and shaky, with circles under your bloodshot eyes," she had said, "there's only one assumption the board is going to make, and it's not that you just spent twenty-four hours in a hospital."
"What?" Steve asked. He was the only one who got to hear that little contented sound these days, he reflected, with sleepy satisfaction.
Tony's hands slid under his shirt, cool against his skin, and his touch was suddenly anything but soothing. "Of course not. I don't actually enjoy being in pain."
Last night it had been Wanda and Pietro, their bullet-riddled bodies thrown into a trench by German soldiers and left to lie there. The night before, it had been Clint and Scott, killed by an exploding grenade. And Bucky, of course, again and again.
"Is that a challenge?" Tony drawled. "I could make some kind of joke about stamina if you want. Or the part where you just offered to blow me, but I think that might be too easy."
Chthon took her to a taxi, then onto the subway – the 4/5 line, traveling downtown. When the train passed through the two stops closest to the Avengers Mansion, Wanda was frozen in her seat; she couldn't so much as turn her head unless Chthon wanted her to.
,' he gloated, as he had been for what felt like an eternity.
'One of our conservationists swears that it whispered to him,' the curator had said. She'd sounded skeptical, but she'd held the box uncomfortably.
On the other hand, this meant that Wanda did not have to yell ridiculous-sounding incantations in order to cast spells, which, so long as she was on a team with Clint, was a definite benefit.
On the one hand, Steve probably ought to find Rhodey's explanation reassuring. On the other hand... "Baron von Blitzschlag?" he repeated slowly. "I'm pretty sure I heard his name during the war, and I think it was in connection with Heinrich Zemo." And possibly with Red Skull's German supersoldier project as well.
Clint looked away, his hands still on the table-top.
The silence stretched long enough to be painful, long enough for Clint to remember exactly what Bobbi's face had looked like when Mephisto's fireball had hit her in the back. He didn't really remember dying, or whether or not it had hurt, and he wasn't about to ask Cap about it, but he suspected that the answer was yes, that it hurt a lot.
Several times, but Tony's stubbornness was legendary at SI for a reason. It would probably take at least another week to wear him down. Steve believed in persistence, though. "If Tony really thinks the two of us are going to get married without dozens of Avengers and former Avengers and half of SHIELD coming and expecting a giant party..." He shook his head. "He knows perfectly well that people are going to expect us to have some kind of ceremony in addition to the legal element. The question isn't whether people are going to come and throw rice at us, it's whether or not they're going to come in costume."
Steve ignored him, continuing to throw hard right and left jabs at the bag, putting his entire bodyweight behind them. If Hank was here for a reason, he'd tell Steve, but chances were good he was just trying to stay out of Jan's sight, which Steve supposed was fair; Jan hadn't exactly agreed to having him back here.
"It still hurts just as hard when people hit you." Clint yanked one of his arrows out of a laser port and squinted at the tip. "The longer reach is useful, though. You can pull a twelve or thirteen foot longbow at that height."
He should have thought of that.  If Doom had disrupted Tony's anti-teleport machine and possibly their communicators as well, cutting off all cell phone transmissions would be child's play.
It was kind of fitting, really. Right back to the familiar status quo. His body had been failing him for his entire adult life. Heart attacks, shrapnel, spinal cord injuries, electrocution... the only thing he'd managed to avoid was cirrhosis of the liver, and that hadn't been for want of trying.
He didn't know how to. Sharing the details of his sexual history with the press was nothing new, even if he'd never been quite this honest about it before, and any shame he'd had over the process had died a humiliated death during Kathy Dare's trial, when the judge had actually questioned him — and several of his ex-girlfriends — about it under oath. Sharing that kind of personal information about his feelings, for Steve or anyone else, felt like stripping himself bare for everyone to see.
"That's good to hear," Hank told him. "With Tony in DC, we've got no firepower." They were going to have to do something about that eventually. They currently had two hand-to-hand specialists (Sam could fly, but he was a hand-to-hand fighter when you got right down to it), one archer, and Jan, whose stingers were effective, but who still wasn't really a powerhouse. Until Jan could master her new growing powers, Tony was their only big gun.
"I don't even own any dresses," Tony protested, knowing he was just trying to stave off the inevitable now; when Jan had her mind made up about something, it tended to happen. "I specifically told Pepper not to buy me any."
“Are you sure?  I mean, are you sure he’s really sealed away again?”
Wanda looked up, then, meeting her eyes levelly. "He was thinking the same thing I was," she said. "That Chthon may be too powerful for us to defeat on our own, should he break free, and that Loki is significantly less likely to try to destroy reality itself than Chthon is."
Byrne offered her a self-deprecating smile, and a small shrug, "I've been wondering if his miraculous return might have had something to do with his sudden change of heart."
"Cap!" Wanda said. "I... didn't see you there."
Pepper did not actually roll her eyes, but Tony could sense her desire to do so as clearly as if she had. "You're getting married to Captain America. Of course it's going to be a media circus."
He did not startle in surprise - Victor von Doom never did anything so undignified - simply raised his eyes to meet Loki's in the polished metal mirror.  Her reflection stood behind him, slightly to one side, and close enough that he should have been able to feel her body pressed against his and her breath on the side of his neck.  An illusion only; if he turned to look beside him, there would be nothing but empty air.
As soon as the latch clicked home, she bent over the sink and threw up.
“How did you stop him?”  He immediately wished he hadn’t asked, as her face shut down.
He’d been on the operating table for nearly eight hours that time.  In retrospect, Steve wasn’t sure how he could have been so calm about it – he hadn’t known Tony as well then, hadn’t realized how much would be missing from his life if they had lost him.
"This isn't about me," Tony defended. The kitchen felt much too small, too loud, and none of the rest of them were
God, he'd missed this. Steve wouldn't spar with him anymore, wouldn't talk shop with him unless it was directly related to the business at hand. This, this was what he'd needed to feel normal again.
"I should probably leave," Peter said, before Tony could finish. "I... do you think Dr. Pym could use a lab assistant? I did major in chemistry."
Carol grabbed him by the wrist and thigh and spun him around into an armlock. The knife he'd been holding clattered to the floor, and she kicked it away. She slammed her forehead into his and dropped him, letting him crumple to the ground, then picked up the assault rifle he'd had strapped across his back and bent it into an arc; that was one gun they weren't going to have to worry about, at least.
Jan had put styling products he hadn't bothered to ask the names of in his hair, somehow transforming his expensive but now slightly-too-long haircut into something that looked cute, feminine, and like he'd had it done on purpose, and attacked his face with brushes and tiny little make-up pads. The resultant coat of make-up was almost invisible, except for the way it made his face look.
It had used her to do something. Something awful – she didn't have to remember in order to know that, not when she could feel the clinging remnants of its evil still lurking in the corners of her mind. It was older than humanity, the weight of eons of malice and hate for everything living like a crushing weight sitting in the center of her chest. Anything she had done in service to its will would be abhorrent.
The duty nurse had been right – there didn’t seem to be any serious damage.  “You’re lucky you still have a central nervous system,” he told Hank, as he put the chart back in place.  “What were you thinking? ”
Tony reached for the side of his face again, turning Steve's head slightly to force Steve to meet his eyes. "I don't want sex, Steve. Okay, I do, but-" he broke off, glancing away, then said, fiercely. "I want you. Specifically. Right here and right now, but not
Sin smeared her bloody fingertip along the edges of the black sun she'd drawn in the center of the circle — right below the altar where the spear lay — and recited the final words of the incantation.  The original ritual ended with the caster chanting the name of the entity they were summoning three times.  Since Sin had no intention of actually allowing herself to be possessed by Loki in order to gain access to the power he'd stored in the spear, she substituted "open me to the power that is in this place," instead.
"I'm not acting any differently than I always do." He hadn't been, had he? On the other hand, Rhodey was an attractive guy, so maybe Tony had been flirting. He'd been trying to break the habit in Rhodey's case, but it had been an automatic reflex for a long time.
"I hope so." The assistant curator shifted her grip on the manuscript box, grimacing slightly, then added, "I'm skeptical about this 'curse,' but the exhibit has been plagued by bad luck since it began, and one of our conservationists swears that it whispered to him when he tried to assess its condition. He's not usually a man given to superstition."
Sharon said nothing, and for a moment, the memory of the last time she and Tony had been in close proximity to one another in one of SHIELD's medical facilities was so vivid that Tony could almost smell the blood.
The damage his taint would do would be invisible, and far more insidious.
The clack of the computer keys sounded incongruously loud against the backdrop of hums and beeps from the room's collection of medical equipment, and the soft rush of the carrier's ventilation system, like the gunfire-rattle of typewriter keys in an old movie.
ride along with Jan. Probably.
Tony's eyes were closed, and his breathing was evening out into the rhythm of deep sleep.
Hank, significantly less skilled at hiding his emotions, had left even before Thor had, storming out of the room with his head held high, determinedly not looking at the rest of them.
"He's fine," Steve said, his throat hurting from the effort to keep his voice calm.
Replacing the men who had been guarding the warehouse would be yet another inconvenience.  Better to allow them to return to Latveria with him first; it would be easier to dispense justice without American law enforcement interfering.
Even by Tony's own exacting standards, the SI San Andreas Valley energy plant was a success. He owed Vibro a debt of gratitude for this one - it was the perfect location for a geothermal energy plant, located as it was almost directly over a major fault line and very close to SI's main west coast manufacturing plant, and if it weren't for the rock-manipulating supervillain's brief reign of earthquake-fueled terror, he might never have thought of putting the spearhead of SI's green energy program here. The underground chamber the Termite had hollowed out in order to create his secret lair full of bad sculpture had made an excellent place to position the plant's machinery and start drilling down to the underground aquifer below, where vast amounts of continually renewable heat waited to be transformed into electrical power.
Steve gasped, finally managing to draw in a real breath, and his eyes snapped open.
"We already agreed to help Wanda," Jan reminded everyone, resisting the impulse to get up and pace. She sacrificed some of her authority as chairwoman when she shrank down to six inches tall and paced back and forth across the table, but it always helped her think. "Stopping Chthon from breaking free is-"
Sam nodded at one of the ambulances, and Steve turned to see Tony, strapped to a stretcher with an oxygen mask over his face, being loaded onto it.
"You should-"
"They've been hired by someone." Jan shrank down, taking flight, and eyed the group, trying to decide which of them her stingers would to the most good on. Thunderball or Piledriver, she decided. The Wrecker's purple ski mask protected his face, and Bulldozer preferred charging blindly at people anyway; he didn't need to see the fight.
But if it were him, if the Extremis were hacked again... Better death than to be used as a living weapon against the people he loved. He'd lived through that before, under Immortus's control, killing two women who had known and trusted him, and if one of the other Avengers had struck him down then, he would have welcomed it.
"He looked at me," Peter said. "He told me to leave before I died. Then he went back to staring at Cap in a really creepy way." It was disturbing to think of Tony so out of it; in Peter's experience, Tony Stark had always been in control of every situation, or, if not actually in control, trying to be. The only person more together and self-confident was Cap, who was also a wreck right now, and the whole thing was just wrong.
"And how bad is that?" Tony didn't look sick, hadn't
"Luckily for our sorcerer friend, the knife was single-edged, and only a few inches long, and he managed to miss all the vital organs." The Night Nurse's fingers were taut around the edge of the clipboard she was holding, white surgical gloves stretched tightly over her knuckles. "He ought to be waking up shortly."
And yet no one else seemed to see that. Even Simon didn't want to believe it, though in his case, she could understand why. Better to believe that Vision's death had been due entirely to some external force than to any part of the woman he and Vision had both loved. At least that way he could keep his memories of both of them untainted – which was, she suspected, part of the reason he was so reluctant to see Wanda now.
"He's on his way now," Tony added. Then, "If this were fatal, he'd probably be dead already. The wound's at least half an hour old, and the poison was introduced directly into his bloodstream." He resisted the impulse to google Barnes's symptoms via Extremis; his trying to diagnose someone via the internet would be about as useful as someone else trying to fix an engine using information from a Wikipedia article. Hank would be here soon, and this kind of thing was his specialty. He'd identified the toxin A.I.M. had released downtown last month in a few hours, and that had been a chemical cocktail designed by A.I.M.'s top scientists; it was doubtful that Sin had that kind of talent at her disposal these days. Sin was erratic even for a supervillain, and didn't possess her father's ability to manipulate people.
He let Wanda keep the chair – she looked even more exhausted now, and he probably should have ordered her to get back in bed – and perched gingerly on the edge of Tony’s bed, taking Tony’s lax hand in his.
Tony's expression was hidden by the helmet, but Steve could read the implicit question in the way he cocked his head. "It's just down the street," he added. "Across from the chocolate store."
Tony nodded and took off — literally — for the containment vault.
The rest of the room was just as bad. People were screaming, crying, and hiding under tables. Others had started throwing things and lashing out at everyone around them. If they didn't get out of here now, someone was going to get hurt.
Maya shook her head. "No. A virus would be easier to counteract. The Extremis itself is corrupted." She hesitated, long enough for Tony to think of at least seven ways the Extremis could kill him slowly and horribly — or worse than kill him — then said, awkwardly, "Maybe you should sit down for this. You don't look good."
The delicate circuitry that controlled the vault's door and locking mechanism was so much slag, fused together into a lump of gold, copper, and silicon that could almost have been beautiful if it didn't represent days' worth of effort and the loss of a chance to trap Doom where he stood.
He would apologize to Clint later, Steve decided. Right now, he was going to go down to Tony's office, on the off chance that he'd already arrived and gone directly there. And given that Tony's employees seemed to need him to hold their hands for everything, it wasn't impossible that that was exactly what had happened.
"Don't be." Tony shrugged. "Everyone does."
He would stay off of it later, when there were no more crises to deal with.
Steve frowned, looking mildly appalled, and Tony hastened to change the subject. "Still, it's a shame the helium project didn't get the green light, too. Extracting helium-3 from moon rocks is, unfortunately, not cost effective enough, plus the Immortals have a monopoly on them."
"Did not appear to hinder him," Thor said.  "I have," he hesitated for a moment, "a theory about why that may be so."
"He left that here the first time he went out to the West Coast. I doubt he even remembers that it exists. And we can't always order pizza when Jarvis isn't here. He'll think we don't know how to take care of ourselves."
Tony's eyes narrowed, and he backed up a step, fists at the ready. "If I close with you, you'll just use the
One of Sin's men lunged for him, knife in hand.
"Victor von Doom."  Jan's voice rang out, shifting in pitch as she jumped down from Thor's shoulder and resumed normal size.  "Don's not going to get a chance to rip your lungs out," she continued.  "Because
The manuscript case looked lonely and out of place against the sterile metal walls; Jan had lined the bottom in red velvet, like a display case. She'd suggested that they donate the thing to the museum when the book was returned, as a gesture of good will.
It probably did. He looked pale, eyes bloodshot and his face still bruised from whatever had happened to him during the attack on the mansion.  Had that really been less than forty-eight hours ago?
from being an idiot, well, that's a wake up call all on its own. And speaking of Tony, tell him he better not steal any more of my teammates."
"And several nice government incentives for pursuing them," Tony said, nodding. He could see where Grant was going with this; playing a major role in the development of alternative fuel sources would be a nice in with the new administration, provided the president lived up to his campaign promises about supporting scientific progress. And anything that let them do part of their research on the government's dime was good for the companies finances in both the short and long term, provided they could produce results.
Wanda was staring fixedly at the Wrecker, pinkish-red spheres of chaos energy already gathering around her hands. "I've seen that book before," she said. "Where have I seen it?"
Steve could have pointed out that the Marine Corps emphasis on esprit de corps and unit cohesion had a practical purpose, but as a former Air Force officer, Rhodey knew that perfectly well. This kind of teasing byplay with Tony was obviously something just as familiar to Rhodey as it was to him. Which made sense, he supposed. Tony did the same thing with Pepper, and with most of the other long-time Avengers.
"And another for you."
He didn't look fine. He looked like he was huddled in a ball in the corner of the shower.
He had no problem blaming Hank and Tony for cloning him without his knowledge, Jan thought, or for the destruction said clone had caused, despite the fact that neither of them had been acting of their own free will, either. She couldn't
Jarvis probably assumed that Clint was either going to ask some embarrassing medical question, or talk about his sex life in vivid, over-sharing detail, or both, because he cleared his throat, thanked Don again for the restaurant recommendation, and took his leave.
"You would think that," Wanda said, "but you would be wrong." She frowned slightly, fiddling with the seams on one red glove. "I think it's the doctor in him. When have you ever gone to a doctor's appointment and not ended up sitting around waiting for ages?"
One of the room's metal floor plates dipped sideways, making the floor under Jan and Clint lurch. The two of them didn't even break stride, charging forward at the holographic figures at the other end of the room.
Tony's eyes looked closer to grey than blue in the corner's carefully dim light, and some trick of lighting made dark shadows gather under them. Or maybe the dark smudges were real. "We don't have anything to hide," Steve went on. "It's not illegal anymore." He probably sounded as if he were giving a speech, he reflected, and from Tony's fractional headshake, it wasn't a very convincing one.
He didn't need to look to Sharon for confirmation – which begged the question; why had Nick actually called him to the Helicarrier today? Sharon, too, would have known the woman's identity as soon as she saw her, making Steve's ID unnecessary.
Rhodey's smile faltered, and he shook his head. "I am not prepared for this level of weird," he stated. "Just turn it off, or down, or whatever, okay, Tony?"
Tony went stiff, and the beeping from the heart monitor picked up a little.
describe losing a two hundred million dollar contract, then, Mr. Stark? Or should that be Ms. Stark?"
Steve probably ought to be saying something, asking questions, or off helping the police with the newly recaptured Masters of Evil, like a responsible team leader ought to. He wasn't contributing anything here; unlike Hank, Strange, Don, and Wanda, he had no scientific or magical knowledge.
"We hope it won't be me," she corrected. Another bite of her sandwich was eaten, and then she set it aside. Tony sympathized; the smell of meat and cheese was making him feel slightly sick. "Carol doesn't think you can trust me, either." Her dark eyes held Tony's steadily. "She may be right. If I lose control again, the consequences could be catastrophic."
"Oh," he said. "I... didn't know you were there."
And Jan burst humiliatingly into tears.
"Tell me," Steve repeated.
"What did you do to him?" she demanded.  Mjolnir was still lying on the floor several yards behind Doom; he might have been able to teleport it here, but almost no one other than Thor was able to lift it by hand.  If he'd had the hammer with him, then Don had been Thor when Doom had taken him, and Thor didn't turn back into Don involuntarily anymore.  Simply taking Mjolnir away wouldn't have done it.
This was stupid. He'd lived without the Extremis for thirty-two years. He didn't
How did Steve manage to be completely sympathetic to both Thor and Tony, to avoid obviously picking a side? He was a better person, a better leader, than she was – Jan could never manage that degree of impartiality where Hank was concerned. Even when he'd hurt her, leaving him had been almost as difficult as staying would have been.
The multiple Dooms attacked the three of them as a synchronized unit.  Normally, they would have made short work of a handful of Doombots, but he and Thor were hampered by the need to avoid bringing the ceiling down on their heads.  He'd just had the place rebuilt, Tony thought, as a muffled boom sounded from somewhere overhead and the walls rattled, and already it was being destroyed again.  It had been hard enough to find an insurance carrier willing to insure it the last time.
Carol frowned. "That almost sounds like mind-control, but even if she was faking the amnesia, Wanda's powers never worked like that." She hesitated, then shook her head. "Of course, she can manipulate reality on a global scale now, so God knows what she can and can't do."
Don's eyes narrowed, and for a moment, Clint could smell ozone. "Watch your tone, Hawkeye."
No one had an answer to that one, unfortunately. Sam and Jan were already leaving the foyer, Jan pulling Wanda along behind her. Wanda seemed dazed; Tony wondered how much of Agatha's drugged tea she had drunk, or if she was just too shocked by her old teacher's betrayal to focus on anything else.
"Damn it, Tony, we talked about this!"
"Okay, we agreed that the innuendo would stop," Rhodes said.
Cap's eyebrows went up, his expression obviously horrified.
Now, while Sin's attention was on her.
There was, if anything, dishonor in refusing it.
The shower on this floor was an old industrial shower, left over from the building's original incarnation as a warehouse. It was about the same size as a walk-in closet.
"Mostly, insanity, unfortunate science experiments, and bad fashion sense are the path to supervillainy, but I know what you mean."
Wanda glanced down at her watch, frowning. "Stopped again," she muttered. "What time is it, Iron Man?"
The nave of the cathedral was dark, except for a scattering of candles in front of a statue of the Virgin.  Doom's spell muffled her footsteps, so her boots made only a faint whispering sound against the stone floor.  It sounded almost like words.
Was Tony actually admitting that he needed to pay more attention to his own physical well-being? That seemed almost too good to be true, especially since Steve, given some time to think, had realized over the course of the day that Tony had had a valid point earlier; people had been in danger, and Tony had been one of the only two people there who could do anything control the situation. With a little distance between himself and the reality of Tony semi-conscious with monitors attached to him, Steve could admit that he had been reacting purely on emotion, rather than logic.
"He works for SHIELD. You have a file on everyone." Something that had been both more and less worrisome at various points in time.
Jan thought,
Was it an impossible standard? She had been making progress, she knew, and she'd been certain that with enough work, she could attain the kind of control that seemed to come so effortlessly to Strange, regardless of the fact that her powers worked differently.
The driver's-side door popped open, and the driver leaped out and began running down the street. Directly into Carol, who landed in his path, arms folded over her chest.
Wanda was downstairs, inside the tower's basement lab, there to undergo whatever medical and scientific tests Hank and Don had been able to think of, and a few that had been suggested by Tony. It was probably as close as he was going to get to speaking to Wanda alone without actually having to hunt her down and ask for a chance to talk to her.
"Sorry," Wanda said again. "This has just made me realize how much I have left to learn."
The fact that people were checking him out ought to have made him feel uncomfortable, but surprisingly, it actually made Tony feel better. He might be stuck as a woman right now, but at least he could still have the same effect on people that he'd always had.
This time, Tony was the one who kissed him.
"What the hell are Winter Soldier and Agent Carter doing here?" Tony asked. He straightened up, knocking away Steve's hands as he helpfully tried to redo Tony's shirt buttons. "Did you tell either of them we were going to be here?"
"No," Steve said.  "You stay here.  I'll get it."
Don mumbled something indistinct about Loki, not lifting his head.  Jan didn't think he was feigning.
Driving a car, like any other mechanical task, always calmed him down, so that by the time they reached their destination, Tony had almost stopped wanting to cringe at the thought of getting out of the car and walking past the photographers and their cameras.
Even  Logan, who had been lurking at a corner table when they'd arrived, a  bottle of beer in one hand and his cowboy boots on the table, had  refrained from actually lighting a cigar, settling for grinding an unlit  cigar stub between his teeth in a manner that reminded Steve of Nick  Fury.
So that they would be prepared if she lost control again, Tony thought. It was what he would have done, what Steve had refused to let him do after the disaster with the fear toxin last month.
Steve resisted the impulse to protest that he would make a very convincing drag queen, realizing just in time how silly that would sound. "Bucky and I were never caught," he said, instead. "Okay, we were frequently caught, but not because people saw through our disguises."
Jan's lips twitched for a second, hearing that. Tony was one of the worst micromanagers she'd ever worked with. He made half the fashion designers in New York seem easy going and calm.
"Um, not exactly, no," he admitted.
"No," Steve said quietly.  "It's not."  He lowered Tony's head and shoulders carefully, until his upper body was propped across Steve's knees, and resisted the impulse to wrap his arms around him and cradle him to his chest.
And if Tony's emotional state a few months ago had been anything like what Steve had seen just now, he
"I know what you mean," Steve said. During the war, he and Bucky had been the closest thing to family either of them had had, and then, after that, there had been the Avengers.
"Right," Tony agreed. He picked up a small tool and made a few minuscule adjustments to a piece of circuitry. "Maybe if I add more shielding..."
Once upon a time, that would have bothered him. It still did, but in a distant, abstract way; Tony had gone along with much worse things in the name of expediency and national security over the past year. One corrupt SHIELD agent's death wasn't going to keep him awake at night, especially not one who'd sold out people Steve cared about – it was the innocent people who did that. Bill Foster. Happy. The minor supervillain who'd committed suicide in the negative zone prison, whose name Tony hadn't even known until he'd read the man's file.
Wanda arched an eyebrow. "Did you try asking the Night Nurse? I think the two of them are involved."
Tony shuddered. "I wore something across my chest for long enough as it is. Surely there's some spell you haven't tried."
"You were dead." Even months later, it still hurt to say the words. "I needed to do damage control, to keep everyone else safe. If I hadn't stepped in, things would have been even worse."
him nervously rubbing the back of his neck with one hand. "I don't want you to do anything dangerous."
"Steve." Sam put a hand on his shoulder. Steve looked up at him, realizing dully that he was still stroking Tony's hair.
It was never silent in Times Square.
thought he was worthy of it. It made him want to sit up straighter and fight harder and be someone who deserved Steve's respect and affection.
"I can't open the doors," Tony announced. "Something's blocking them on the other side."
Most of the people his age that Clint knew had spent Saturday mornings watching cartoons as kids. He had, too, once, but by the time he'd been a teenager, he'd been getting up early on Saturday mornings to get ready for performances. It had been a decade and a half since then, but he'd never broken the habit.
It took only a few minutes to arrange for Fury to discover a sudden issue with the Helicarrier's engines that required Tony's urgent assistance. Tony spent most of those minutes carefully explaining how to cause the problem in the first place, and how to make it look as if the damage had been caused by the Helicarrier's long immersion under New York Harbor.
"I'm not dropping down from active duty," Tony added fiercely, "so don't even suggest it. It's not an option right now, not while Doom and Sin and Chthon are all out there."
He'd never be able to speak to Jan or Carol again, or Sam, probably. Sam would be disgusted and disappointed when he heard, and would immediately tell Cap, who would promptly kick Clint off the team. And rightly so, and he probably ought to have left already, except... but he couldn't tell Cap when he hadn't spoken to Wanda, because she might not want Cap or anyone else to know what Clint had done to her. Bad enough, probably, that he'd told Carol and Tony.
He stretched out his free hand toward it, seizing at it—
"I didn't think," Hank was stammering. "I just, um, maybe you can just button your shirt back up and we can forget this ever happened?"
Carol shook her head. "I don't have an energy mutant's metabolism."
"Peter," MJ's voice was sympathetic, but Peter thought he detected a hint of amusement there, too, "you don't hate people."
Tony's lips were soft under his, almost passive. Steve had expected more force, more aggression.
Tony winced. "I was hoping we could keep this from turning into a media circus." It was probably a futile hope, but surely people were eventually going to get tired of seeing him on television. Maybe they would get lucky, and some movie star would allow herself to be photographed naked between now and next month, or the President would turn out to have a secret illegitimate child - though if there were even the slightest possibility of the latter, someone would have dug it up long ago, before the election.
She'd left Hank and been prepared to leave the pro-registration side and her life as a superhero after Bill Foster's death, but she also knew how much Hank regretted it, and couldn't help feeling defensive of him. She didn't want to be angry at Thor, not when just seeing him sitting across the table from her still made her want to hug him in thanks that he was alive. He was right. What Hank had done had been terrible. Still...
"What did you want to talk about?"
"We're all good," Sam assured him. "Iron Man's got half the vials for you, and Thor's bringing the rest."
Maybe he just suspected that nobody at SHIELD would be able to successfully shut Tony out for more than a few hours. It was just possible that Carl Santacruz could manage to lock him out for as long as a day – he'd been able to disrupt the Red Skull and the Mandarin's access to SHIELD's satellites, after all – but no digital system on the scale of SHIELD's could keep Tony out completely. Not these days.
He hadn't been doing something for SE. He'd been elbow deep in a quinjet engine, or overhauling the armor.
It was true, just as the fact that they'd needed to make first the SHRA and then the team their priority was true. Chthon could turn the entire world into a barren wasteland, and would, if he got free.
"Oh," Peter said, softly. That was... he remembered the sharp jerk at the end of his webline as Gwen stopped falling, remembered Harry lying on a gurney as the Goblin serum in his system degraded into poison. "That must be horrible. I hope he comes out of it soon."
Doom waved an imperious hand.  "Put him next to Pym."  He gestured again, and the dim, hulking shape just beyond the energy grid was suddenly and dramatically spot-lit, revealing a generator of some kind.  While the two Doombots dragged an unresisting Don toward the corner, Doom keyed something into the machine's controls and the energy grid vanished.
He blinked again, trying to keep the moisture in his eyes from spilling over. He was not going to cry in front of Steve. Damn it, what was wrong with him?
Hank's eyebrows arched upwards. "With a knife shaped like that? At least if it's snake venom, we'll know it's not one of the deadliest species. Most of the really poisonous Australian ones will kill a man within minutes."
"Of course, you wouldn't be in any way concerned about whether the people you're not talking to are going to be okay."
"It could have been." Tony's voice was low, but the words were surprisingly forceful. "I might not always be safe to be around."
"If I thought your worries were foolish, I would not be here," Strange said. "You're not imagining things; the energy fields around the cathedral have shifted. Dark magic has been used here, and a great deal of it."
Thor closed his hand around the ring, grimacing in distaste, and then said Loki's name.
There was nothing to be gained through timidity. "As you will no doubt plan to betray me," he agreed.
The cat made a particularly vicious spitting noise, and Steve jerked his hand out from under the couch, rubbing at a set of nasty-looking scratches that scored the back of his leather glove. "I'm not trying to hurt you, cat," he said, his jaw setting firmly.
Did Strange pick up on her sarcasm, Steve wondered, or was his arrogance too impenetrable for that? He was, admittedly, very good at what he did, but he also was very, very aware of exactly how good at it he was.
Jan eyed him with a distinctly assessing gaze, and started to grin in a way that made Tony distinctly uneasy.
Morgan dropped his hand, took a step back, and gaped at him. "Tony? Oh My God, is that you?"
Hank threw himself to the side as his Doombot lurched toward him, ordering the remaining ants toward the still fully functional one, which was now aiming its energy weapon at Sam.
Well, possibly U.S. Agent.
"Steve." Tony stood, taking a step toward him, but Steve was on a roll now.
"There are things you could have made public after the Registration fight that you kept quiet about," he said, slowly. He doubted Ben meant the mention of that interview to be anything other than either the lead-in to another question about their relationship, or maybe a subtle offer of sympathy, but the unspoken knowledge of everything else they had discussed then hung in the air. "I owe you for that. So I'll give you a freebie. You can ask me one question, about anything you want, and I'll answer it honestly."
Carol shook her head. "I know that now. It doesn't actually make it easier. How long did it take before you wanted to be in the same room as Hank again?"
"You would know that better than I would."
"The military is not a cult, Tony."
Steve launched himself at Doom, no strategy behind the move, just a fierce, violent desire to smash his shield into Doom's face again and again until he had a reason to wear that mask.
Strange flung his free hand up, crying, "By the powers of the Vishanti, I," and then he was screaming as the spear flared with light and the glove on his left hand disintegrated.
"What's this about Rhodey beating Tony up?" Steve repeated. "I've never heard about it." Tony's friendship with Rhodey had occasionally been strained, especially recently, and Steve had never really understood why. He'd assumed, after overhearing Tony come out to him last month, that it was because Rhodey was straight and Tony obviously wasn't. If Rhodey had taken a swing at Tony over it... And he was angry with AIM, he reminded himself, not Rhodey. Tony was a grown man and could take care of himself in a fight. He'd proved that today -- he'd handled himself well in that restaurant even while drugged.
"That too," Tony agreed. "I-"
Sin jerked abruptly, her knife blade thankfully pulling away from his skin, and for one brief moment Sam thought that Jan had gotten loose and come at her from behind, or that Hank had come too again and summoned more ants.
Steve had heard people claim that men who'd broken or been damaged and healed were stronger in the broken places. It would have been nice if that were true, but he knew from experience that it wasn't. He still had nightmares about explosions and ice and falling when things around him got bad, the way they had recently, and he knew perfectly well that that didn't make him "stronger," anymore than the number Ultron had done on his head had made Hank stronger, or being taken apart and temporarily losing his emotional connection to the rest of them had made Vision stronger.
"It's nobody's fault," Steve said firmly.
Had something happened to them? What if they weren't coming, and she and Tony were on their own?
right, aside from a low iron count - not surprising, since women generally had lower iron counts than men - but there might be some anomaly Hank hadn't noticed yet.
None of that mattered right now, anyway, not compared to their real problems, like whether it was really a good idea to have Tony on the team. He needed to stay in New York as long as Strange and Wanda were still working to fix him, and it would be a waste of resources to have Iron Man in New York City and
"Thank you," Wanda said, not turning around.  The staircase now ended in a jagged, broken stub at the first landing, jutting out into mid-air with a pile of rubble beneath it.  A length of scorched and twisted metal that had once been a robotic arm was sticking out from under a pile of splintered floor boards.  None of the Doombots were still moving.  Seen from the corner of her eye, they morphed into brightly colored metal and plastic, red and yellow and green reverting back to green and silver only when she looked directly at them.
Tony sighed, and turned away a little, wrapping his arms around his torso. With his face turned away, he barely even looked like Tony anymore, but that bit of body language was also familiar; Steve had seem him fold his arms defensively like that even in the armor.
"Yes you are," Steve told him, feeling a warm current of amusement run through him. He was grinning like an idiot, really smiling for the first time in three weeks. "The floor is really hard, and the shower drain is digging into my back."
Sam released her once they were within a few feet of the ground. As soon as her feet hit the pavement, she was off and running.
The burning pentagram below him was almost complete now. Tony increased the thrust from his jet boots and dove toward Harkness; her smoke tentacles had been able to knock Jan aside, but he had a lot more mass than Jan did.
Tony tried to smile. "I have a lot more expensive equipment than I have friends."
What was happening to Jan and Tony while he was stuck down here? Sam had promised to call him if anything happened, but what if something happened so quickly that they didn't have time to call him? What if something happened that was serious enough that Cap didn't think of it?
"You can watch," Tony corrected. He grinned, then, as Steve followed him into the elevator. "You're just hoping I'll let you test Rhodey's shoulder cannon, aren't you?"
"Cap wouldn't let me take the Ferrari." Because he was still inwardly convinced that Clint was nineteen, and would crash it into a building or something. The only time Clint had ever wrecked a car, it had been entirely Jen's doing. Cap, on the other hand, had been responsible for the destruction of no less than half a dozen of SHIELD's flying cars, and his Harley had been rebuilt twice.
"You didn't know that pregnancy would be dangerous for Tony, or even that it was possible." Wanda fell into step with them, on Steve's left. "Strange and I didn't think it was possible, before we knew the full extent of Loki's spell. And you certainly didn't cause him to miscarry."
Tony swayed a little as he gained his feet, and Steve looped an arm around his shoulders, taking some of his weight. Steve's knee let him know that it wasn't happy about any of this, but Tony bedroom wasn't that far away, so he ignored it.
"Cute, brown hair, not very tall?" MJ asked. When the nurse nodded, MJ added, "He's my husband."
Steve was dead. Had been killed while she waited obliviously in Transia for orders from the thing that controlled her. If she had been there...
"I do it every day," she informed him, and then, "Does this mean you're agreeing to the heels?"
Didn't mean to do what, Clint wondered. As far as he knew, Tony had kept his cool and hadn't hurt anyone at the restaurant. He and Jan both had. Was he apologizing for the Registration mess? That time he'd been mind-controlled by Kang the Conqueror? The time he'd gone crazy and hunted down and attacked everyone who'd stolen his armor technology? The drinking? When it came to Tony, there was a lot to choose from. It was a toss up which was worse; his occasional spectacular losses of control, or his control-freak attempts to fix things afterwards.
Hank's eyes went wide. "Really? You know I don't-" he shook his head, hard. "I spend most of my time in the lab. Not exactly the sort of thing that needs re-enforcements."
Tony blinked at him, frowning slightly. "Are you-"
"He asked for it. Literally." Wanda was smiling now, a real smile. "I don't think I'll ever forget him defending your dubious honor against Cap, though."
"My arrows are always effective.  Tell her, Wanda."
"We just broke through to the aquifer last month," Dr. Avison cut in quickly. "There have been a few kinks we had to work out, but overall things have proceeded almost exactly as planned. Would you like to view the diagrams of our filtration system?"
Around them, couples were dancing with varying degrees of skill, most of them middle aged white men and women with blonde hair that was sometimes believable and sometimes not. This was New York, though, so white was far from the only ethnicity present.
"What about John Walker?" Tony asked, seizing on the new topic with relief. The dissolution of the West Coast Avengers had been humiliating and infuriating at the time, but compared to the past year...
The fact that she’d nearly destroyed Times Square, and possibly the entire city, would weigh less with Miriam Sharpe and her supporters than their political agenda did.
It had been a hard sell - federal budget concerns being what they were, the government wasn't going to fund SI's work unless they were satisfied that they might actually get useful results out of it - but once Tony had realized that the senior official was flirting with him, he'd known how to pitch the project. Lean forward a little, lower his voice to create a sense of intimacy and make it seem as if he were talking directly to the man, smile. Nothing that would make it obvious to everyone else in the room - under normal circumstances, flirting with a male prospective investor was just as likely to alienate half the rest of the room as work in his favor - but enough that the other man's interest in what Tony was saying increased perceptibly.
Hank didn't say anything in response, but she could tell he was amused.  Jan decided to take that as a positive sign, and the fact that he seemed to be squinting at her energy cage, as if trying to make out the details in the dim light, as another.  He'd figure out a way to get her out of here, she'd fly through one of the gaps in the energy grid that was keeping them fenced in, and then she'd turn it off somehow and they'd be out of here.  If they were really lucky, there would be one or two of Sin's men on guard outside for her to blast on the way out.  Dealing out a round of bioelectrical shocks and mild chemical burns would be very satisfying right about now.
Steve ought to have told at the very least the police the truth - Tony had broken the law, after all, and caused a significant amount of property damage in the process - but he hadn't been able to give up the hope that Tony would redeem himself somehow, that he would offer up some explanation for his actions that excused or explained them.
Jan was making ‘go away’ gestures at him from behind Hank’s head, waving from him to the door.
Pepper pointedly looked away from him, examining her wafer-thin black PDA as if whatever was written on it was vastly more interesting than Tony's love life. "Given that it has nothing to do with company business, giving it to you now wouldn't be very professional, would it, Mr. Stark?"
Fury had been interfering in the business of his betters long before the creation of SHIELD. He would be the first to die after Carter and Barnes, she decided. Daddy wanted her to save Rogers for last. Sin had no objections to that.
Tony had drunk, too, part of his brain insisted on pointing out, and without hesitating or asking for clarification. Steve was assailed by a sudden mental image of Tony on his knees, eyes closed, dark hair disheveled and face transported with ecstasy-
He'd only seen Tony look that utterly broken twice; once in a nameless hotel in the Bowery, when he'd been trying to commit suicide with a bottle, and again in the security camera footage of Tony's 'conversation' with his body.
Much of the older architecture in this city aped gothic designs, some of the skyscrapers even including gargoyles on their roofs, as if the American builders had sought to compensate for the history and culture they lacked by decorating Manhattan with pale imitations of it.
Steve's fingers paused on his own buttons. "I think the construction crew keeps one in the living room. Why?"
Less than half a year ago, Steve had stood downstairs in the burned-out shell of this building and said goodbye to Tony for good. Having Tony right there next to him, sweaty and messy-haired and smelling like sex and expensive aftershave and hot metal, was a gift he still hadn't completely gotten used to.
"Unfortunately not." Tony kept the smile in place with minimal effort; he'd had a lot of practice.
"Only two," Steve protested. "And they were good exercise."
Steve, who did believe in being reassuring, smiled at Barnes as if he were still the cute, innocent kid he'd once been — a cute kid who, going by the man's record at SHIELD, had probably mostly existed in Steve's head to begin with.  "You're doing plenty."
"I've never needed rituals or incantations to do simple hexes." And even when she did use them, it was to refine and control the magic she had always instinctively been able to tap into. The difference between a sorcerer and an energy mutant, perhaps. "I suppose the fact that my powers work differently protected me."
Jan resisted the impulse to put her palms against the energy field to try and press  closer to him; it would only zap her again.  She hadn't even thought of the others — Tony, Steve, Clint.
"Did he tell anyone where he was going?" Steve asked; uselessly, he knew.  If Carol or Sam had had any idea where their absent team member was, they would have said something before they'd taken off.
"It's just gone up on TIME's website," Tony said. He was silent for a moment, presumably reading, then winced. "Fuck, Steve, I'm so, so sorry. I swear I checked for cameras. I'm sorry. I'll deny everything if you want me to."
"I thought you'd gotten tired of playing airline pilot for my cousin," Morgan drawled, smiling cheerfully at Rhodey. His tuxedo was just a fraction too tight, and his cufflinks were large, flashy, and almost certainly Austrian crystal or even cubic zirconium rather than the diamond he clearly wanted people to think they were.
They'd agreed to put her back on active duty, he reminded himself, and turned to Steve, wanting to gauge his reaction.
It was less emotion than Don had expected.  Hank had been nearly yelling at him in the warehouse, had snarled angrily at Thor the few times Thor had tried to confront him about it.  Even his apologies had sounded angry.  “Are you all right?”
In fact, Wanda realized slowly, as she wandered out of the bakery and into the narrow, cobblestone street, she had no idea who any of the people here were, people who kept smiling and nodding at her as if they knew her. She didn't even know where here was, though the old-world look of the town, with its wood and plaster buildings and gable windows suggested Europe.
"But I was the one who cast it in the first place," she said, softly, hating the truth in the words. "Couldn't I-"
Wanda was standing at the far end of Strange's study, her back to the door, staring out the huge, round window that dominated the room. Wong was standing next to her, the two of them deep in conversation.
"Some of the emissions were a form of radiation nearly nonexistent in this dimension but common in the Negative Zone; the device was used to transport Sin into the Negative Zone and back out again at a different location." He held one hand up and mimed bouncing the other off of it. "Like skipping rock across a pond; the Negative Zone's ambient energy could be channeled to help propel her back into this dimension. It's not actually teleportation, but dimensional travel, using a copy of Reed Richard's Negative Zone portal technology modified and adapted to run on Antarctic vibranium rather than anti-matter. It's ingenious, really. I'm kind of ashamed Reed and I never thought of it. And I'm surprised Hank didn't. He has a feel for dimensional mass transfer." It had been a continual source of puzzlement to Reed that Hank had been able to calculate mass transfer into and out of the Negative Zone simply by eyeballing it, without actually using any higher math equations.
"Yeah, but I never had a publicist."
"Strange is in Hell's Kitchen," Barnes volunteered, from where he leaned against the corner of another bed.  For all that he'd trained with Steve, the way he held himself reminded Tony more of Natasha, a kind of coiled readiness that managed to be relaxed and dangerous at the same time.  He'd stayed out of their fight, but Tony suspected that he would have been between them in an instant if he'd thought it was necessary, possibly with a knife.  "He and Cage and Murdock are guarding the cathedral.  Spiderman might be with them as well; he's hard to keep track of."
"Do you ever shut up?" Jan demanded, and then Sin shrieked.  Sam didn't see what Jan did, but it must have been effective, because when he swung around to pinpoint his fellow Avengers again, Sin was empty handed and snarling with rage.
"People are going to want to know how long you've known that you were gay, how long you've been together, why you haven't come out before now, and some kind of salacious intimate detail about your relationship," he was saying. "But what I actually want to ask is whether your relationship played a role in your decision to reform the Avengers and whether it influenced your actions regarding the SHRA."
"What do you mean, 'we're leaving,' Victor?" Sin snapped.  Her voice sounded odd, harsher and deeper than usual, with a trace of a German accent.  She let go of Sam as if he were something disgusting and swung around to glare at her men, one hand going to the earpiece just visible beneath her hair.  "I'm not through here.  You promised me Rogers' death.  You-"
Steve had never needed to be reminded either, and he somehow managed to make the fact that he always ordered soda or water in Tony's presence seem natural.
What kind of lens and development technique had the photographer used to get that good a resolution in dim light without a flash? Peter would know, he thought.
Part of being an adult, though, was getting over being hurt and moving on.
"What do you want, Loki?" Tony asked; his helmet amplified and flattened his voice, making it ring nearly as loudly as hers did.
He was jolted awake by the sound of Jan swearing.  Jan.  What was—
“No more being impaled on spears by chaos demons,” Tony agreed amiably, his words starting to slur again.  “Jus’ because I love you.”  He patted Steve on the back a couple of times, and then let his arm go limp, a heavy weight across Steve’s shoulders.
There was a chair by the wall, the only piece of furniture the room contained other than the bed.  It was the same hard, utilitarian plastic most hospital chair were made of, but Don was used to that.  He lowered himself gingerly into it, sore muscles protesting, and stretched his leg out.  “They want to keep you here for another 24 hours because they’re still not sure what actually happened to you, but SHIELD is pushing to have you transferred to the Helicarrier.
Wanda shook her head, serious again. "I won't. Look, Tony, it will be okay. Whatever you decide to do, the rest of the team will be here for you."
Jan had never been able to bring herself to like birds. They were pretty, yes, but their cold reptilian eyes and scaly feet had been off-putting even before the first three times she'd almost been eaten by one. Sam's pet was no exception – he looked at her as if he knew that she could shrink down to the size of something edible and was merely waiting until Sam turned his back during a fight in order to grab a crunchy, Wasp-shaped snack.
A sinking feeling in his stomach, Steve got to his feet. "It involves the Extremis, so I'm sure I won't. What is it?"
They could-Dr. Blake?
"Good," he said. "That's good." One of the many fears that had paralyzed him in the restaurant had been the worry that Jan would be killed or hurt. She hadn't had the protection that the armor had afforded him. He frowned into Steve's shoulder, eyes still closed. "There was a reporter..."
"You sure?"
Clint was smirking broadly; it was nice to see that one of them was enjoying themselves. "I thought we were using the Tony Stark definition of sex, not the Bill Clinton one."
Tony dropped his eyes to the polished wooden surface of the conference table for a moment, breathing in through his nose and doing his best not to react visibly to the comment. It was true; SI was seen as unreliable, because he was seen as unreliable, and half the men in this room had done their best to block him from resuming control of the company after Stane's death. And without the cashflow from the Tieri contract, credit and liquidity were going to be an issue. The fact that they weren't already was, though it galled Tony to admit it, not actually due to him. You could say a lot of bad things about Stane, starting with the fact that he had been a psychopathic killer, but at least he hadn't run Tony's company into debt.
Tony lifted his head, putting the tablet down again. "I thought I was the cynical one."
Chewing through the vital circuitry inside a Doombot's head and torso was a suicide job, but a colony's soldiers were expendable to a certain degree.  They went willingly, trusting Hank's assurance that the Doombots were a threat to their nests, and, incidentally, filled with something good to eat.
Steve, Sam, Wanda, and Tony all raised their hands.
Jan carried her back to the table she'd shoved Byrne under, absently murmuring to her as she did so. "It's okay, it's okay. You're safe now."
Sharon let it go, though Jan saw her surreptitiously wave one of the medics toward Sam before directing the other to see to Clint.  “We’re taking all you into custody until we can get this mess sorted out.  Director Fury wants to debrief everyone involved in this, including Parker, Cage, and Daredevil and anyone else they dragged into that mess at the cathedral.
Tony shook his head. "Steve refuses to entertain the idea of living anywhere outside the five boroughs, and he considers Staten Island's inclusion debatable. My chances of ever living in another city again are slim to none." People thought of Steve as the quintessential all-American poster boy, but he was a city kid at heart, and New York was
Steve’s eyes looked so sad and guilty and Natasha knew hers didn’t look better but she tried. She tried to look at him comfortingly, blinking away the tears that were starting to form in her eyes again. Seeing Steve so broken broke something in her too.
Tony snorted at that. His eyes met hers shortly before he looked away again. They looked broken.
Hours later, when Steve had calmed down, he told Bucky exactly how he feels. He tells him that he should be delighted that Bucky, Sam and everyone else is back. He tells him he thought he had nothing to lose when going into this fight, but when Natasha had not come back from their time travel and now, that they had lost Tony, he knows he was wrong. Because he had lost the one thing he cannot live without.
“That’s not –“ Steve tried to interfere.
“And if he blames himself just as much, he may see himself not as worthy himself. So if you see each other both as not worthy, does that not make you both worthy again?”
“I guess. But I am honestly not that far into it, so I can’t tell you much.”
“You still with me Steve?” Rhodey asked carefully.
“Thank you. I will be alright from now.” He said. Maybe he should feel more enthusiastic to spend his time with his two best friends after he got them finally back. But their victory had only made him feel numb.
Suddenly Steve stood up and started to walk towards the door.
kill you. Leaving you behind is my biggest regret. I asked T’challa to send Rhodey your coordinates and I really wanted to go back but you know I couldn’t –“
“No one really knows about them. Hank Pym, who discovered them, has devoted his life to hiding and keeping the knowledge about them away from others. I remember my old dad ranting about him one day.” Tony pretended to think about the 'good old times',  before he slapped his hands together and happily stated: “That’s all I wanted to say. So, before we don’t have Ant-Man, we will probably not be able to solve that little problem in my idea of time travel. You are dismissed.”
“It takes two to start a war” he then says because he could notice Steve panicking.
“I had no idea …” Steve said, his voice low.
“Yeah, me and Steve. Weird right? No surprise it ended like that. Really.” He was moving his leg up and down and making small hand gestures. Shuri didn’t answer and it was driving Tony insane. It gave him too much time to think. He needed to talk.
“But staying here won’t make it better!” Tony didn’t mean for the slightly raised voice of his. He tried to collect himself, tilting his head away from his best friend. “Laying here, without my mind occupied will only make me panic, you know that!” He returned to look at his best friend as he said the last part.
“Yet we fit perfectly together” Steve cut in. When Tony opened his mouth in order to protest Steve stopped him and continued: “Yes we are different Tony. Two pieces that fit perfectly together, divided we put out our worst, together we bring our best out of each other. That was our biggest mistake. We didn’t try to work and understand each other.”
“I honestly can no longer fight you on that one.”
Tonys soft expression confirmed what she thought but she asked anyway: “You always knew where everyone was, didn’t you?”
Bucky let’s out a huff and grins back. “How can I. You’ll take all the stupid with you.”
“You know Tony, you never broke the bond.”
“It’s probably somewhere between the rubble on the compound” he answers.
“Well, yes and no.” he took a deep breath and looked at Steve, not judging but more like searching for an encouragement to continue. Steve nodded at him.
Exhausted Steve slowly let them both sink on their knees, Tony cradling closer to Steves chest. He then finally allowed himself to scent Tonys neck and couldn’t help his smile as the man started to purr in response. They were both smiling and crying at the same time, taking in each other’s presence and just feeling through their bond. Tony then suddenly shoved himself away from Steve and looked him in the eyes again. His eyes were red and flooded with tears and he looked … anxious? Steve wanted to pull him back in but Tony refused, so he looked at Tony confused - was he reading this wrong?
He really wants this Steve thinks. Together with Tony. So he looks him into the eye again and asks.
They smile at each other and hug once more before they go to bed.
He thought he had already lost everything. But this… this was too much.  He was shaking now, the tears flowing down freely. He hadn’t slept the last two days - had not slept well in the last two years - and fatigue slowly crawled up his body.
“I know” she responds, her voice hollow and broken.
He walked towards Bucky. Steve was glad that Bucky knew what he was about to do and that they have talked about it. Leaving him behind without a word would have not been fair to his brother. He smiled at him.
“You should lie down” Rhodey said, stepping closer to the Omega in an attempt to guide him back onto the bed.
“Tony I-“
“Not signing would mean we would be forced to retire. Thing is, Tony, Natasha and I were Pro and Steve and the others Con …” it took some time explaining everything that had happened 2 years ago. Now it sounded so utterly useless and childish. God, they had been so dump, Rhodey thought.
Steve didn’t need a pause to answer this question. It wasn’t really unexpected and he had two years to think about the truth. Why he really didn’t tell him.
The silence between them, as they walked side by side was welcomed. This war had already been a shock but hearing what Tony, their friend, had suffered through … without them, it was still shocking. He had given them a home. They had considered each other family and this was not how it was supposed to be like. She glanced at the Alpha walking next to her and wondered what he must be thinking. Or Bruce. To them they must look completely silly and out of their minds. A little smile formed itself on her lips with that thought but it quickly died when she heard a scream. Thor and her eyes shortly met, and then they sprinted towards the training room.
Yet he knew. Deep down he knew it was impossible. That’s not how this works. He needed to stop running away and face this. Face Tony. Face his faults.
handled the Accords. He managed so well these last 2 years because he had Peter. That Spiderkid, you remember? But he is gone now too. Tony watched him disappear just like we did with all the others. He is devastated, yes. Does he want to talk to you? Yes, but not now. You will irritate him only further and maybe push him into a panic attack while bringing back bad memories, so please, Steve, have patience!”
Bucky looks at him for a while and nods. “What about Captain America?” he asks. “He cannot just disappear like that.”
“I’m also sorry about what happened back in Siberia and not telling you, that wasn’t …”
“I missed the comfort of the beautiful sunsets here in Wakanda.” He addresses the queen next to him, without averting his eyes from the scenery. She had just stepped next to him.
“And you need a medical check-up.” Rhodey looks at his friend with a stern face.
Just like that Steve found the hope crashing down again. He knew what Tony was hinting at and he didn’t like it. Tony always thought he didn’t deserve Steve when in reality it was Steve who didn’t deserve him. He didn’t want to let Tony get away with this. He never did in the past and he definitely will not now and Steve then remembered Natashas words. Why did it suddenly seem so easy?
as smart as I am. Keep up and maybe you will succeed me one day.”
It was him that had the honor of carrying Tony away. Pepper had asked him, and he couldn’t say no. If it was the last time, he ever could hold Tony in his arms again, he would take it. Even if it was his lifeless body. He couldn’t stop his tears and he did not dare to look down on Tony as he held him close to his body. Only when he had to lay him down, did he look at Tony’s lifeless face again and he felt himself fall apart even more.
Later, when Steve and Bucky had something to eat, he gets a text from Bruce that tells him that they still need to return the stones to prevent the future and past timelines to collapse.
“But he managed. This wasn’t the first time Tony went through such a hell. He was managing. Honestly. We also did that public interview. Tony he - … he started to smile again. He loved the little peanut inside him. He also had medicine that worked temporarily against his morning sickness and he started to keep his food inside his stomach. Well, he still collapsed from the lack of sleep but it’s the little improvements, right?” he asked rhetorically showing a rather weak smile.
Steve remembered the way clearly. He had gone to the room daily, back when he was seeking refuge here. He opens the doors and reveals a rather large training room. One wall was completely plastered with mirrors. There were fighting dummies and a free area for combat training. He looked to his left were the punching bags were. He didn’t bother to wrap his hands and started punching. Again and again, without holding back. He gritted his teeth and tried to ignore the pressure in his chest, making it hard to breathe. It hurt but he didn’t care.
“Look, Tony, I know. Everything’s shit, but you need to-“
He took the case and went to the platform as Sam approached him.
“Losing our freedom to choose” Steve said. Rhodey breathed out but nodded.
He waited for an answer but Steve left the room silently, without looking back.
Steve lays awake in his bed. Now, that he has made up his mind, to not return after bringing back the stones, but instead go back to a Tony that is alive, he feels better. Crying it out to Bucky had also helped a lot. He starts to plan on the route he wants to take. Which places to visit first and on which to stay. He remembers seeing Peggy in the office and how he yearned for that simple life Tony had advised him, all these years ago.
“There is an unidentified vessel heading this way” she informed her queen.
He could literally smell the shock from the 2 Alphas. But it was also written in their faces. Natasha’s hands covered her mouth in shock, her eyes already watery. Rhodey focused on Steve and before said Alpha could intervene he continued:
Steve could feel Tony tense up, so he pulled Tony closer against his chest again, not letting go of Tonys neck.
But then, the second she started talking, he could see the tension leave her body. She was in her element and he really wanted to answer her enthusiasm, ask questions but he had come across something he …, ok, maybe he did know deep down that this would happen, but he could pretend to be surprised.
“The doctors had told me in the beginning that a miscarriage was very likely. He wasn’t healthy for a pregnancy and given his age … and even if he managed to birth the baby, the probability of Tony surviving childbirth was about 10 %” he added silently. His gaze had already wandered down to the floor. When he dared to look up to Steve, he found that he had still the same look on his face. Completely blank. But his smell hung heavy in the air. Pure Alpha wrath twirled with grief and guilt. There were cracks in the table. Steve didn’t look up to him but he relaxed his hand a little and nodded. Rhodey continued.
“I tried to …” Tony stopped, not finding the right words to continue when Steve continued instead.
“I never thought Tony Stark would think of me as more intelligent or better than him” she said smugly.
“Hey, I really appreciate this and all but I’d really like to get out of this suit right now. And to definitely take a shower! I smell like … whatever-it-was Clint had cooked that day.” The others smiled and chuckled in relief. Yes, this was definitely Tony.
Steve and Thor were the last to enter the large room. Steves eyes landed immediately on Tony, the Omega occupying his thoughts. If said man noticed, he hid it quite well. The air had also shortly tensed when they entered but it faded quickly as Tony started the meeting, creating a working atmosphere.
“Please spare me the details.”
“Tony!”
Silence.
“Yeah.”
“My, my …” Tony says calmly. “I’ve been told this phrase way too many times in my life and who was it that made it possible?” He looks mockingly at everyone before he continues: “
“Okay” Tony answered before Steve could continue. What Steve had wanted to say was that he would never choose someone else as his lover but Tony.
“Why is everybody so eager to get us back together? Maybe it’s just over. Relationships end. It happens” he says annoyed.
Bruce answers him: “For him, for as long as he needs, for us, five seconds.”
“I know.” It hurt. Just with three words Steve could feel his heart break once again.
“I mean, I cannot simply forget everything what you told me and it’s amazing. And you may have inspired me for a few new inventions myself but I’m grateful you let me into your lab and explained everything to this old man. Also, it’s not like I have access to Vibranium.” His face was soft.
“Just sit down” Rhodey pressed further and the other man obliged, sitting down on one of the chairs at the table. Rhodey took in another deep breath. “Okay, but first: Please listen to me till the end. I don’t want any misunderstandings to happen. I know it will be hard, but you have to listen, Steve! If you feel like it’s too much tell me and I will take a break but … you have to know everything regarding that matter so no bailing out on me too early.” There was a brief pause.
Steve Rogers was staring out into the distance, watching pink, red, orange and yellow swirling together in a beautiful dance of dusk. The first day of Thanos throwing the whole world in utterly chaos - only with a snap - was coming to an end. And it was only the beginning.
“Because you two need each other and anyone can see that. You are both just too stubborn to see that yourselves. Also, because I think neither of you want it to be over.”
He can hear a little crack. He doesn’t care. The child is gone. Dead. Their child. Another innocent life. Gone.
“What?!” Tony finally turned back to Steve. He looked so sad, brows knitted again and eyes so broken. His hand had tried to reach out to him but had stopped midair, not sure if he was allowed to touch. He definitely wasn’t but, fuck, he wanted Steve to touch him so much. He felt himself relax as Steve let his hand fall against his side. This didn’t get unnoticed by Steve.
The man looked at her with confusion. So Natasha continued: “I never told you, but Ross was willing to kill you, to get to the Winter Soldier. So Tony asked for time, to simply capture you, and he agreed. Though giving him less time than he originally wanted. So yes, he was stressed.”
“Technically I need his suit or abilities rather than himself, but do you really want me to tell you about the science behind the whole time travel plan, Romanoff?” He gave her a raised eyebrow at that and the beta retreated at that:
“Ah right,” he said. “I have a couch in the living room where you can sleep.”
“Rhodey told us.”
Steve can’t help his grin as he notices the blush on Tonys face in response to the term of endearment.  Though the blush soon dies down.
He had left Tony alone. With all of that. He had waited for Tony to message him. But of course he didn’t.
“Don’t. We should gather with the others.” He simply turns and they follow him back into the castle.
Without further notice he put back his StarkPhone and turned towards Shuri and said: “I’d really like to visit your lab but if you have other duties to attend to … I don’t mind. I’ll be somewhere in my room or so. Do I have a room?”
“He’ll be excited,” Bucky says.
What nobody suspected though, was that Tony then genuinely smiled at her and patted her shoulder twice before leaving it there.
He groaned. Looks like he found himself in a hospital and judging by the scenery and his memory returning, he was in Wakanda. So he must have passed out. Well, great. Nebula had been helping him to get into the spaceship that idiot named Quill had left behind. He had told her that Thanos was probably at earth, seeing that there where the last infinity stones. Thanos won. Only imagining what he would find once he returned had nearly brought him to a panic attack, escaping it the way he always does: with work. That wizard had a plan and if breaking his head about it kept him from thinking about what he was about to face, he would damn welcome it. When the blue planet had finally came into sight again he reconnected to FRIDAY, oh dear FRIDAY. She had informed him about the survivors and victims of Thanos before landing. Apparently she had also contacted Rhodey, his best friend, who thank God, had survived. Learning that all of them are currently in Wakanda, they calculated a route to a landing spot there. Steve had survived too. Steve. His Alpha. No. Steve had clearly stated he no longer wanted to be his Alpha, but seeing him there, looking at him with these broken but so gorgeous blue eyes … it had brought old feelings back. They never had broken the bond, yet he couldn’t take it talking to him right there.
“If you’re worthy or not? As I can see it, you both made mistakes and both paid a price for it. According to Rhodey, Tony blames himself just as much.” Thor continues.
did know
They had won and they had achieved their goal. Everyone that had disappeared after Thanoses snap was back and alive. Thanos was defeated and Steve had his best friends back. Yet he felt like he had lost everything. What was he even supposed to do now?
