Sniffling again, Jack nodded.
“I’m gonna kill Sam.”
“There’s something I’ll only be able to say then.”
you’d like to tell me?”
It was a while later when Dean found where Cas had hidden himself. He was bundled up in a ball of blankets in the corner of the library. There were a few booked scattered at his side on the floor, but he sat there with his eyes closed in that moment. His forehead was shiny with sweat, but Dean decided not to call attention to it. He instead placed a plate of warm chocolate chip cookies on the angel’s lap.
the apocalypse, and I got strapped to Naomi’s chair for trying to warn Dean of their betrayal.”
It all started with a single, harmless thought: no one would notice if one piece of candy went missing. And if it had stayed that way then maybe……
Claire turned in her seat, bending a leg and leaning her back into the door. “Sooo the mark broke and the Darkness was released. Nice going dumbass.”
“Enjoy these years while you have them. They grow up too fast.” And with that, the older woman went off disappearing into the store.
“Okay, Dean.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth pulled until the faint glimpse of white could be seen. Blinding, like all the snow and ice surrounding them. “This isn’t mine. I bought it for you.”
A small, pained laugh escaped Mary. Of course. Another monster.
“Hmm?” Cas glanced over.
“Jack-” Cas said losing the razor sharp ice in his voice. “-your
“He’s Jack.” Claire’s eyes narrowed so he continued, “He’s half human and half archangel.”
, am I not allowed to look now?”
Cas took everything out of the bag and examined it carefully. The bag contained: a machete, some silver bullets but no gun, a pouch of silver coins, an iron crowbar, a lock pick set, a coin Claire thinks is iron, a couple bottles of holy water, some spray paint, a half empty container of salt, a box of penguin band-aids, cleaning alcohol, and an angel sword. Cas frowned. “This is abysmal.”
Jack giggled and rested his head against her shoulder. A moment later he tensed. Claire protectively put a hand on his back, and spun on her heels.
They went inside and Jack twisted and squirmed more in Cas’ arm. “Big!”
“I’m not a child, Castiel.” Claire clenched her jaw. The embers of her anger were growing hotter again.
Hi there everyone! As I'm posting this it's just after midnight here so it's officially Jack's fourth birthday! Baby boy is 4!!!
He still wouldn’t meet her eye. “Yes.” The silence stretched on long enough that Cas glanced up and saw that the last traces of Claire’s anger had cooled. She looked concerned, and between that and the guilt of his past mistakes, Castiel felt like his airway was being crushed.
Claire shivered. A heavy silence fell over them. Eventually, she looked at Cas. “So we’re hiding from Heaven?”
“I get it,” Dean said, losing himself to his memories. There was something about that kind of pain that made any complication seem solvable. Like it wasn’t until he’d been cleaved open by death’s scythe that his truth was free.
The best he could do was wink and hurry back to Jack’s room. The nephilim started jumping up and down immediately. Dean lightly shook his head. “Okay, kid. You need to stop squirming and come here.”
Cas ruffled Jack’s sandy brown hair. Jack leaned back and stared up at him making a couple happy noises. He looked back at the phone again. Dean could hate him for the rest of his life and that would be okay, because that meant he was safe enough to live that long. And Castiel could live with that.
His shoulders relaxed as he leaned back more comfortably in his seat. “He lives at the bunker with me and Sammy. That’s where we’re going. It’s home.”
Jack’s head tilted slowly to the side. He didn’t let go. He didn’t blink. “No.”
Cas shook his head. “Jack deserves sunshine and windows...and a life unmarked by hunting…..well for as long as I can give him.”
Sighing, Cas put his hands on the table. He looked over Claire’s hunting supplies again. “I don’t think you understand.” His voice came out much softer than before.
“What’s wrong?”
“I’m not going to yell at you or tell you what to do.” Cas tried to keep his voice even. “Am I happy that you’re hunting? No. Am I frustrated that you’re hunting by yourself? Absolutely. But it’s your life and I promised to keep you safe.”
,” Dean said exasperatedly. His fingers tightened on the steering wheel, but the blaring honk of the car behind him momentarily cut off his train of thought. When traffic settled so did Dean, “I already get enough of Sammy, and I’m sure he’s more than sick of me too, especially around the holidays.”
Cas looked over his shoulder, and studied Claire. Obviously, she was grown by human standards, but he could still clearly see the small child he devastated…..is continuing to jeopardize. His chest started feeling unnaturally tight. For a moment he thought that he could still see the baby from the shreds of Jimmy’s memory that remains with him. “I’m willing to share my knowledge of the supernatural with you. Afterwards if you’re still willing to be a hunter at least you’ll be better informed about what you’re signing up for.”
"I know my Dean," Mary snapped. Her hands curled into fists as tears beaded in her eyes. "He's 4 years old with freckles on his arms. He likes to spin in circles while he sings. And he cries when he can't find the birds he can hear chirping outside his bedroom window."
The only fight he gave back was the hard push he gave her, sending her flying across the room. Mary couldn’t see him from where she landed because of the table, but the room filled with that blue-white light. It was blinding, and the air felt like it was being completely sucked out of the room.
It wasn’t until Claire’s bites slowed down that Cas finally spoke. “I’m sorry.” Claire burst into a coughing fit. Her mouth had been full, and that was the last thing she was expecting from the angel.
“The….
“Gross? I’m not the one hiding a
Finally, Dean started to get a grip on the pain as he wiggled his toes for good measure. It was only then that his brain was able to comprehend the situation. It was Jack’s dress up trunk that his foot caught. The trunk that was supposed to be in Jack’s bedroom. Not carelessly left partially in the living room and the entry way.
“What….what happened next?”
Cas turned his head to look softly at Jack. “I’ll see you in a moment by the cart, okay honeybee?”
They both glanced towards the living room for a moment. Cas crossed his arms. “Of course it’s okay. You’re free to come and go as much as you please.” He sighed, uncharacteristically running a hand through his hair. “But your second question...I honestly don’t know. And that frightens me.”
“That’s not bad honeybee. You still haven’t answered my question. Are you up for a busy day out of the house?”
Slowly, the memories of the previous day flooded back to her. A lot of it felt like it was all just some crazy dream. Claire put her feet on the floor, grabbed her phone off the nightstand, and stumbled out of the room. On the stairs she looked at her phone. It was almost twelve thirty.
“My phone was off, and I had to wait for all the missed messages to be received. It made a dreadful amount of noise for a long time.”
Claire exhaled loudly. “I can’t blame you. I wouldn’t wanna hear the lecture either. But…” Her head slightly tilted to the side. A small pang of pity circled through her chest. “Getting it over with is better than letting things get worse.”
“What if I don’t wake up? Statistically, there’s a chance I’m still asleep in the Empty.”
.” They sniffled.
They were gone in a second. Taking a deep breath, Dean took his moment alone to pull his phone out again. There weren’t any messages from Sam. He pressed the call button.
“He’s half angel so I’m assuming he can.”
” Dean could hear the way Cas must have been rolling his eyes.
Claire let go. She tore her gaze away and glared at Cas. “Safe from what?”
...Dean, nothing felt right. And that made her feel worse. She loved John, and Sammy, and Dean. Looking at this man made her feel like she was about to combust.
Unless a small child, animal, or car was being addressed…..there was nothing affectionate about the word,
“You don’t?” Claire’s arms fell to her sides.
“How long until they see?”
Cas quickly spun on his heels and let out a small squeak. “I…I, um.”
“You really should pack for these kinds of situations. At the very least you should keep some hats, gloves, and scarves in the trunk.”
Mary opened her eyes to see scattered papers lightly floating down to the floor. The air had settled and she gasped for a deep breath. The strange light was finally gone. She got herself up, and hesitantly crossed the room.
Claire sat up straighter. “Magic works on angels?”
Bobby sighed. "Is that the only information that made it into your skull?"
“Okay, drama llama,” Dean teased as he guided Jack back upright. “So what’s the plan now?”
She wasn’t exactly sure what Amara meant by ‘your Heaven’ but she nodded.
Cas rung out the excess water and turned around. “I was briefly human for a time after the angels fell. It was a while until I found what was left of my grace.” He started wiping the stickiness off of Jack’s face and hands.
“That’s wise advice.”
“Dean?” Cas reached a hand forward, but Dean stood back up off the wall.
“Yeah!” A large smile spread across Jack’s face.
The nephilim reached for the doorknob, and they were bolting out the door. Dean chuckled, shaking his head. He knew the kid would be back just as quick so he dug his phone out.
He dropped the small bowl that was in his hand. It splashed soapy water back up at him.
“Hopefully.”
, what we’re planning on doing next and-” He sat up straighter in his chair and held Dean’s stare. “I want us to retire from hunting.”
“I’m afraid to ask what that means, but I have no doubt that Dean would never speak to me again if we did such a thing to ‘his baby’.”
“Yeah, it’s quite irritating having my phone going off so often when I’m trying not to take from your time with Sam.”
He wrapped his hands around Dean’s. “Hence, why I suggested you come inside in the first place.”
Cas sighed, and his head tilted to the side. “I know, but….” He started to unwrap the scarf from himself. His eyes didn’t leave Dean’s for a second. “you didn’t wait for me to give you this.”
He nodded. “Initially, I thought distance would be better. I didn’t think you’d want me around….” Cas glanced down at himself and sighed. “or to have to look at me.”
Cas was silent for a long time. Claire couldn’t make heads or tails of his expression. Eventually he spoke in a hushed whisper. “I miss him.”
“I think it’ll still be a while until you’re big enough for it to fit you.”
"He can't," Mary whispered. Her whole body was shaking. It took all her focus to keep hearing Billie and Amara's voices.
“Yes?” He looked up. The traffic-cone, orange sweater, that Claire dubbed an abomination, was in his hands.
The look dimmed in Cas’ eyes, and his shoulders slumped. “I’m sorry,” he muttered. “I don’t want you to give up. I can’t imagine this world without you in it.”
“Oh right,” Dean mumbled, remembering the whole point of this conversation. “Angels are eternal.” He laughed. “People will eventually think you’re my grandson.”
“I understand,” Eileen signed reassuringly.
The angel crossed his arms. “
Cas observed their surroundings before letting his stare rest on Dean. “I’m not sure.”
“Good,” Claire snapped. Cas’ looked at her quizzically. “What? I’d kick their asses if they didn’t fix your boneheaded dumbassery.”
“Why’d you do it then?” Claire ran her index finger across the side of the steering wheel. “You won’t even let the Winchesters near Jack.”
“Gross.”
“Okay?” Cas repeated, not quite believing what he was hearing.
“Okay.” The tension snapped back into his muscles so fast it kind of reminded him of the time he got too enthusiastic showing off tricks he learned with a yo-yo and nearly chipped a tooth. He felt so stupid.
A quiet smile tugged at the corners of Cas’ mouth. “Oh. Well, I...like flowers.” He raised an arm to eye level to look closer at the pattern. “And I’m quite partial to the colors.”
Sighing in relief, Dean raised a thumbs up. “Looking good, bud.”
He couldn’t quite pin point how long it’d been since he last wore jeans. Too much had happened since he was sleeping on the floor of the gas-n-sip back room. It felt like a lifetime ago. What Cas did remember was how much he enjoyed the look of jeans, and he was surprisingly happy with the view he had currently. The black denim he selected was clinging to him in all the right places. A pleased smile tugged at his lips.
"It's horrible, isn't it?"
Wordlessly, Cas handed the nephilim over. After a few moments of shuffling, she ended up with Jack seated on her hip. His fingers curled into the fabric of her light jacket.
New day, new chapter. It will definitely be a few days until I post the next one. I need to space out dropping chapters so I can try to stay ahead writing. With this one I figured, why not, because it's a short one. I'm just really excited to start sharing this story and get into the plot.
The creature fell to a shaky knee. A sheen of sweat on his forehead was visible in the light as he tilted his head up. He made no move to pick up the blade, but his eyes bore into her challengingly.
“I’ll be right back, Jack.”
“I’d appreciate it if you kept my father and our son out of this,” he growled in Dean’s ear. “Not a single God in creation had anything to do with my love for you.”
“Mm-hmm.” Claire took that as her cue to start poking around the refrigerator again. She settled on a prepackaged fruit cup.
“Besides the kid will get a massive kick out of it.”
“What’s wrong?” Dean’s grip tightened.
Snickering, she continued pushing him forward. “Fine Mr. Know-it-all, at least show me how a couple outfits look. It won’t kill you.” Cas glanced over his shoulder, and opened his mouth, but Claire cut him off. “
A devious look lit up Claire’s expression. “Well played.”
“No more dying,” Cas answered firm, taking a long drink from his beer. His steely gaze slowly moved to each person at the table. “That goes for all of you.”
A small laugh escaped Claire. “Figures.”
“I….”
“Sorry, pity then. I’m still getting a grasp on the range of human emotions,” Cas frowned. “I can see it in your eyes, right now. It’s there every time you see me.”
“He’s my mission. I promised his mother that I’d keep him safe.”
Cas leaned in, gently cupping the side of Dean’s face and left a feather light peck on his cheek. “Trick-or-treat.”
put your shit away like a normal person, because it’s YOUR ROOM!”
Chapter Five
Cas rolled his eyes with his whole body. He sighed, “Claire.”
.” He hit the screen and let the phone slide a ways on the table.
Cas smiled. “Very good.”
Eventually exhaustion knocked Dean out and Sam carried him back to the impala, laying him down on the back seat. When Dean woke up he was still in the back of the impala, but it was at the bunker. He went racing to the room where the box had been, hoping the last part was just a dream. It wasn’t.
Dean shot up to his feet. “Okay.” The last thing he wanted was for Jack to cry. “Where is it?” He glanced around the room. “Your dress up trunk?”
Jack hopped off his lap. “I think I need one of Daddy’s ties. The blue one.”
The word left her lips before her brain even caught up that she just called for her son. The next thing Mary knew, she was standing in the doorway Dean left through. Her hands trembled, but her mind kept circling around the fact that she called out to her four year old for help.
At one point Cas walked out in a blue sweater dotted with orange flowers. Claire rolled her eyes so hard that she spun in a dramatic circle. His smile slipped into a frown. Cas really liked this one. The material felt nice on his skin
Over their favorite meals, Jack began going over his progress and plans for all of creation. There were several parts where his excitement was palpable, but he clearly was trying to be mature about the situation under Cas’ scrutinizing eye. Sam followed after, explaining in detail the spell work him and Rowena poured over crafting the past several months. Intermittently, Dean cut in to proudly point out where his research came in handy and how him and Eileen went about gathering the ingredients.
Mary breathed a sigh of relief when she reached the kitchen. The air felt cooler and less stifling. The hum of the refrigerator was familiar enough she could close her eyes a moment, leaning against the counter. She needed to get her head screwed on right.
Up close she liked the jacket even more. It was a simple black bomber style with a blue stripe down the sleeves. “What do you think, Jack?”
Dean was making his way towards the living room when his memory caught up to him. Sam wasn’t back yet and Eileen was here
“Lucifer!” Claire shot backwards and hit the arm of the couch. She hit the floor with a thud. “His dad’s the DEVIL?”
“Angels aren’t expected to have sex at all.”
He felt like he was failing his mission. Castiel needed to get back to Claire and Jack immediately. He needed to keep them safe. Frowning, his frayed wings itched to unravel into waves of light again, but after everything….they’re incapable of ever reaching the correct pitch. If they could, he wouldn’t have to worry. He would be able to see the kids from here.
“-of course.” The angel knew what he was doing. “In Heaven I was a soldier and strategist. I didn’t just suddenly stop because I’m here on Earth-” His hand reached Dean’s shoulder, slotting into place where the faded scar was hidden under the fabric. He squeezed. “-with
“Daaas!” Jack started squirming so fast that he tugged hard on Claire’s hair. He tried reaching his hands out. “Das!”
“Yeah. So who’s praying? Dean?”
“Are you,” she yawned. “-sure?”
Shaking his head slowly, Dean blinked. “Are….are we celebrating Christmas this year?”
“I know, but there’s no candy.”
“Dean?” Sam shouted, dropping to his knees at his brother’s side. He shook Dean’s shoulder with increasing roughness.
Cas adjusted the fabric in places so Dean could squish his face deeper into the fabric for warmth.
The image of her Dean with chocolate smeared cheeks blended into the stranger who tapped his fingers on the steering wheel hours ago while he quietly sang along to the radio under his breath. Stepping backwards, the heel of her boot alarmingly slid an inch. She didn't need to look down to know it was blood. Her lungs refused to take another breath. She could practically see Sammy swaddled in his baby blanket and his chubby, pink cheeks. The tightness in her chest felt like it was moments away from popping like a balloon.
“No!”
“Well explain that to Dean Winchester. I hear he’s worked up enough that he’s gonna put your face on milk cartons.”
That pulled a laugh out of Claire. “Figures. We need to go school supply shopping.”
“Come on.” He nodded his head towards the kitchen. “We have plenty of time to continue serious conversations later. I think you and Jack could go for some lunch.”
“It’s not your call. Dean, he loves
There was a quiet pause while Mary took several deep breaths. The thump of her heart made her chest ache. She sniffled. "I know....I know across this bunker is.......he's a stranger. He's been through hell and back and I badly just want to run the other way when I see him. I want
Claire chewed at her bottom lip. “It wouldn’t be pretty, would it?”
Jack’s big blue eyes stared at him intently.
Here Dean was decades later, but Mary recognized the way his face was falling apart. It was no different.
Mary took a step back. Mentally, she wasn't sure how far she could run before she could reach help.
“Hey, Jack.” Eileen brightened, kneeling down to the nephilim’s eye level. She signed, “I missed you too.”
Her gaze flew back to the baby. “He looks a hell of a lot older than that.”
A shiver shot down her spine. “You ever...feel like he’s seeing right through you...or like...something?”
“Because only
“I’m sorry, I-”
The whole exchange set Claire off laughing again. Cas paused putting Jack in the cart mid motion. He raised an eyebrow. “No, I know kids are allowed in the carts. I’ve seen it.”
The next thing she was aware of, Claire was slamming her car door shut. Her hands trembled, and that pissed her off even more. Again and again, she slammed her hands into the steering wheel until her eyes were too blurry to see a damn thing.
“Jack is two months, one week, and three days old.”
“No! It wasn’t Jack’s fault…..He was mimicking...me.”
Before he could move, a simple vibration resounded up his fingertips. And before Dean could ask what the angel had said, Cas broke the moment.
Putting his feet to the floor, Dean felt twitchy. Not that he expected Cas to stick around, but…..he felt the angel’s absence like a hollow in his chest. He opened his bedroom door and a whiff of smoke tickled his nose.
Chapter Six
Cas’ whole body tensed. He felt….well, he had no idea how to describe the car crash of emotions assaulting him.
“So you’re not gonna tell me that I’m being stupid and I should go live a normal life?”
Since mid-morning, Dean set Cas up in his room for a movie day. They both sat with their backs to the headboard, but Dean made sure Cas’ back and head was supported with pillows (he totally didn’t steal from around the bunker). Cas tilted his head up to look at Dean.
“-gotta go,” Claire mumbled, looking up to see Cas pushing the shopping cart towards them. But then, his eyes widened. Him and the cart moved faster towards them and Claire was certain it wasn’t Cas’ doing.
“Come on,” Dean said standing up. He reached a hand out towards the angel. “It’s time for bed.”
He sighed. “It was, but it’s where a lot of bad things started.”
“Have you ever tried to figure out how to change a newborn’s diaper with no help, on the run, and in a stolen car?”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare-” the woman started. Cas turned, and she paused before smiling. “ah, your kids. You all have the same stunning blue eyes.”
“Shut it. Don’t be gross.”
matter.”
“Nothing, just got too cold….I think.”
It was impossible not to giggle at that Claire discovered. The corner of Cas’ mouth pulled into an affectionate smile.
Jack frowned. “Dinosaurs don’t wear jackets! So if I wear one then how is
“Okay, that’s a not so fun fact.”
Yawning, Claire stretched her arms over her head and leaned to stretch a bit of her back too. “I didn’t hear anything until I was almost at the kitchen.”
Jack reached a tiny hand out towards Claire. She offered her hand, and Jack tightly wrapped his around her fingers. He sniffled.
Claire rolled her gaze over to him. “Explain then.”
“Yeah.”
It didn’t matter how fast he pushed down his emotions, Claire still caught the wave of fear in his eyes. Her smile faltered. “Is….being out of the house too much for you?”
“Of course.” Cas shivered involuntarily. “I’m not planning on returning to the Empty any time soon.”
“How so?” Amara asked, curious.
Her voice cut off seeing the pained look on Cas’ face. He was seated on the living room couch, but he looked miles away. “Cas?”
“Need some help, buddy?”
She bounced off towards the shelves, but stopped the moment her eye caught the wings. Rowena frowned, “He really was a pretty bird. It would have been nice to see his wings….in another circumstance.”
Yawning, Claire leaned her head into the doorway. “What’s bothering him?”
“At the time him and Sam were pitching ideas of removing Jack’s grace.”
Mary saw a woman in the room with her now, standing next to the bed where Cas laid. Worried lines creased her forehead. Slowly, her eyes met Mary's.
“Okay.” Cas crouched down to Jack’s eye level. “Behave.”
“But you don’t know.”
“I think you’re thinking of asexual reproduction in single cell organisms.”
In the metaphysical plane the nephilim’s wings momentarily stretched to their full length before snapping back to their usual resting position. “Yeaa,” Jack answered in a quiet tone.
After that, Mary could only hear static. It wasn’t until she saw Cas, bloody and dead, in the infirmary that she even knew that she left the room.
“He’ll be back soon,” Claire mumbled, looking around. She wasn’t planning on picking up any new clothes for herself. Her car was already chaotic enough. Chewing at the inside of her cheek, she wondered if Cas would take her shopping for some fake FBI disguises. So far she’d only been able to scrape together enough money for two semi-nice blazers. It didn’t take a genius to figure that wouldn’t get her very far.
He quickly disappeared down a hallway at the other end of the room. Mary didn't stray too far. What she could see was enough. Books and papers were scattered on the floor. There were drops of blood near the tables. The toe of her boot connected with an odd silver blade.
Jack nodded. “Thank you,” their voice came out so small and quiet. They then walked over to where the tie was dropped when they came into the room and brought it over to Dean. “Help?”
“As long as you’re not walking around with your...
out, then who the hell cares? If you like it that’s all that matters.”
His mouth trembled. He confessed, “I’m sorry I ate all the candy.”
Dean slapped her hand away, and she rolled her eyes before focusing her attention on Mary. The man did too, but his mouth twisted into a sickening smile.
It wasn’t long after that, that Claire was holding the front door open while Cas was carrying her two large duffle bags into the house.
Claire stared at him for several silent moments while his words processed, and then the gears turned. She glanced towards the living room.
Cas sighed exasperatedly, “Maybe you’re right.” He held Dean’s gaze for several heartbeats before letting his head slowly tilt. “What’s important is that Jack has
“I’m sorry.”
isn’t going anywhere tonight. Go show him the costumes you picked out.”
Otherwise, the drive was quiet. The radio was on, but down low so the pop lyrics were only whispers. Regardless, Cas tapped along with his index finger to the beat of almost every song.
Jack tugged at Dean’s hand. “We gotta put my costume together.”
“I’m sorry.” And he meant it. Cas was reminded just how young Claire was underneath her hardened persona. “A lot has happened and….I couldn’t risk endangering you.”
Cas hummed. He picked the candy bowls up from the table and stopped in front of Dean. He raised an eyebrow. “Do you see anything wrong with this picture?”
“You agreed to be trapped in your own mind?”
Claire went in the direction. “What did you see?”
“Because Jack asked me.”
. I can turn it off when I want to, but in general angels can contact and find each other through our minds.”
Her eyes snapped back up at him, wide with curiosity. “That was so cool! I can’t feel a difference.” She sat back down again. “What does the warding look like?”
“Dude, it’s not rocket science. He was making them
“There’s no point being alive if you’re not there with me!”
Cas smiled softly. “Angel warding would be useless in this situation. Yes, it would keep Heaven away from this house, but it would also keep me and Jack out.”
His gaze lifted to meet Claire’s. “Are you sure?”
“Does Cas know yet?”
Claire’s eyes darted from Jack to Cas. “Uh….I...I don’t..”
Rising from the floor, Dean put a hand back on Cas’ shoulder. I need you to fight this, man. Cas answered sincerely, I know. I’m trying. His eyes took in the room for the first time without the fire of the mark. They widened in fear. I-I….the man- He looked back at Dean. He couldn’t bear to look elsewhere. The man spat while he was walking. It was almost on the impala. And…now we’re here. Dean’s grip tightened. I know. Believe me, I know. His voice shook. I need you to fight harder. You need to stop. Reality sinking in. He shakily moved a hand to Cas’ face. The mark will make you break every bone in my body, and unlike last time I can’t just heal afterwards like you did. So I need you to stop feeding the mark blood.
The tiny fist pounding into his collarbone finally snapped Cas out of his thoughts. Tilting his head down, he saw Jack’s big blue eyes intently staring into him. “We’re safe,” Cas whispered. He kissed the top of Jack’s head. “Everything’s fine.”
“He’s not breathing.” Sam muttered in shock before surging forward to start pressing on his brother’s chest. “What did he do, Cas! A deal?”
Claire shook her head while she tried to stop the giggles still escaping her. She pointed at Jack. “No. He  swore, and you’re….
“And I, promised, to protect you,” Cas answered, halting compressions. He remained hunched over Dean with his hands still pressed over his heart. The angel’s eyes squished shut as quiet sob tore through him.
Catching herself, Mary glued her stare onto the man. His steps slowed, but his piercing blue eyes were fixed on her as well. The way he moved, she realized, he was aiming to go past her around the tables. Mary started side stepping slowly to meet him step for step until there was only a large table between them.
“No.” Eileen paused. “I figured hemorrhoid cream. Sam said Dean was really butt-hurt.”
“What took you so long?”
Cas was only able to snap once. It was a nice day. Clear blue sky for miles. And Cas….Cas seemed to be in slight better spirits. And Dean ate up every bit of that hope. Why not go for a drive? It’s just a drive. A feeling of normalcy. And the suggestion brought the brightest smile to Cas’ face. But then he had to run inside the gas station for only a moment. The machine wasn’t reading his card. It wasn’t more than five minutes, but it was long enough. Cas wasn’t in the car.
A chill settled into Mary’s bones. “Yellow eyes. Bringing John back so I wouldn’t be alone.”
His head seemed to tilt slightly in the other direction now. It eerily reminded her of Cas. “Lee-air.” His eyebrows seemed to furrow like he knew that he made a mistake.
Exhaling, Cas deflated in his seat for a moment. He knew what caused the electrical issue and it wasn’t Jack. Cas took another deep breath and composed himself. He swiftly got out of the car, taking the trash from dinner with him. Before Claire could open the house door, he paused, “Claire?”
Dean blinked.
“No. Just grace.” Cas stepped closer. He held Jack out to her. “Would you like to hold him? I doubt he’ll nap in his crib knowing that you’re here.”
“I’m not driving to...wherever you are, just so you can try to talk me out of hunting. It’s a waste of time and gas money.”
Neither said anything else after that, and so Dean got the car moving again. They stayed like that, driving in silence until Dean found a good place to park the car for the night.
Claire sighed. “People used to slap pictures of missing kids on them. My point is…..that Dean is upset.”
Cas’ expression soured. “Don’t look at me like that and then feign innocence.”
“What did you do?” Dean crossed the room and turned off the oven. All the smoke was from whatever mess was burning inside.
“Goodnight Sam,” Cas answered. He watched Sam cross over to Dean and punch his shoulder teasingly.
She put a hand on her hip. “Well too bad. It’s all you got.”
That was the only thing that kept Cas grounded while he tried to master the finesse of diaper changes, formula, and wrangling wiggling baby limbs. What didn’t help was the disharmonious tune of longing encircling him. Some days it was quiet like a lullaby, but others it was erratic and thunderous. The worse days were the ones where there was nothing at all.
Dean’s grin widened. “Jack’s
Dean could feel the puffs of Cas’ breath caressing his face, sending goosebumps across every inch of his skin. Despite this, he reached forward and finished laying and puffing the scarf up.
Cas pulled at the sleeves of his coat so they laid the way he preferred it. “I’m happy with my outfit.”
Claire opened her eyes. “You didn’t do anything?”
“What happened to the big one you had before?”
“The lights flickered. Like some kind of power surge.” She opened the car door. “Come on, let’s see what Jack did this time.”
“In….a dinosaur costume?”
“But I want it,” Jack frowned. Their bottom lip puffed out. “It makes me feel like….
“That’s what I want to know.”
After a while Sam couldn’t take it any more and he finally understood why Cas made him promise to bury the box. Dean hit him hard the night Sam told him, he can’t stay. We need to bury the box. The added weight of the dirt will help.
Before Dean could respond there was a sudden flap of wings behind him.
“Oh.” The word tumbled out of Dean’s mouth. He was going to need time to process every verbal hit Cas pummeled him with. In a daze, he pointed at the impala with his thumb. “Do you want a ride?”
The woman didn’t move from where she stood, but she did take in every detail of the room that she could see. Her posture stiffened. “Where’s Samuel?”
“You don’t need to give me your scarf, Cas.”
“Thanks.”
She needed space. Air. Something. Mary’s legs wobbled under her, but she pushed on ahead keeping a hand on the wall when she disappeared down the hall way. She needed the images cycling through her head to stop.
They crossed over the state line into Washington. Cas’ grip tightened on the steering wheel. What he wanted most was to be going in the opposite direction. To an extent, yes, the Men of Letters Bunker would be safe for Jack, but nowhere was going to offer the protection they needed from Heaven. His body ached to head for Kansas, because after these last several years on Earth, Cas was starting to associate the feeling of home with the Winchesters. And home was something he badly wanted for Jack.
“Jack,” Cas began. He tried to stand up, but Jack’s grip remained firm. “I can’t fit in the cart too. Let go.”
“You shouldn’t, ever,” Sam answered. “That was the push behind removing your grace. Without it the Empty shouldn’t have any claim over you.”
Thoughts slid back into Dean’s head. Louder than ever. The tips of his fingers clung a little tighter to the scarf. This feeling wasn’t new. Everything that had to do with Castiel, it was like a Gordian Knot. There was too much to sort and untangle. The fragile thing they had was too important to him to destroy completely. The solution was simple and staring him in the face, but he’d been teetering on that decision for a decade now.
” The flash of yellow burned into her memory made her stomach revolt.
“Shopp-pop-popp-”
“Not at all.”
Claire nodded, and said nothing else. Cas continued to the dressing room and changed into a new outfit.
“You’re doing everything right.” Claire crossed her arms. “Trust me. Just being here is enough.”
“I appreciate that. Really….” Cas’ voice came out softly. His eyes remained on the road. “It’s not even about him being mad….he’ll have questions. Ones I can’t answer.”
Claire stared at him dumbfounded for several moments, and Jack wiggled against the cleaning. Focused, Cas continued with his task like he was talking mundane subjects.
One last time, Jack waved him off while he left to change back into his usual clothes.
Billie raised an eyebrow. “And that’s how we got here in the first place. Tearing holes in the natural order of things.”
Cas went over to the dresser and opened one of the lower drawers. “I should have something suitable from last time I went out.” He glanced at Claire over his shoulder. “Depending on how much he grows this time we will have to go to couple stores in the morning. I’ll need to get a few things in bigger sizes too for later.”
“Hello?…..Claire? You there?”
“So...you’re deeming with your parental power that swearing is okay?”
Going from the dark bedroom to the brightly lit hallway hurt. She squinted and tried to shield her eyes with one of her hands while she followed into Jack’s room, stopping in the doorway.
It was that night that Cas asked Sam to build another ma’lak box. Dean didn’t know that nor was Sam going to tell him. He instead took the yelling Dean threw at him for suggesting such a thing. But deep down Dean knew it needed to be done and he helped build it. The whole time he kept telling himself it wasn’t going to come to that. He kept telling Cas that he would never do that to him. There’s still plenty of time. Of course. I’m not going anywhere.
“I need you to buy a couple bags of candy.”
“Yay.” Jack happily glanced down at their outfit. Their attention then snapped up and spun around the room.
The tension in Cas’ shoulders eased a fraction. He nodded.
And to Dean’s genuine surprise, Cas laughed. It was happy and light, and when Dean turned for a heartbeat, the image of Cas with his head tilted back was branded into his memory. The corner of his mouth curled into a grin. “After growing up watching every Christmas special imaginable as a replacement for actually celebrating the holiday normally…I think it’s like making up for lost time if we go overboard.”
about your guilty conscience.”
. Dean. Dean. Dean, wake up.”
“Of course it’s on me! I trusted him, and he took…..” Cas ran a frantic hand through his hair, pausing at the side to tug at the roots. “Our wings are broken, Dean. Every single angel….all of my siblings are broken, because of me.”
Claire rolled her eyes with her whole body. She went over to the refrigerator and snagged a juice box out. With a loud pop, she stabbed the straw in.
. He’s my best friend.”
When she turned around, one of the walls had some kind of sigil drawn in blood. She shivered, already assuming the worst.
Chapter Seven
“Are you ready?” Billie asked resting a hand on her arm.
Before she could ask, Cas went over to the drawers and plucked out a fork. He passed it to her and she sat at the table. “Thanks.”
“You’re….not mad..that I dropped out?”
..officially….they’re making it work, Jack distributed their God power into the universe and it caused their body to revert back to their actual age, and now Dean Winchester was a homeowner. If someone pulled him aside a year and a half ago and told him that this was his immediate future, he wouldn’t believe a single word. Even for him…..this felt far-fetched.
Cas looked at him with wide, surprised eyes. Dean took a step forward.
“I could.” His voice came out softly. “If there’s anything you want me to pass along to them...let me know. One day I may be able to….or at the very least I might run into an angel I trust that could do that for you.”
Nodding, Mary crossed her arms. “How do we find Sammy?”
His gaze moved back to Claire. He gave her a scrutinizing look. “It’s a kind of flower.”
“I figured….my time was better spent doing something useful.”
The angel slid into the front passenger seat, and they were off in the direction of the nearest shopping mall. It wasn’t until they hit their second red light that something finally clicked into place in his brain. “Is that why you tend to disappear around the holidays?” Turning, he kept his eyes on Cas long enough to see the twist in his expression.
"There's been a lot to do since Jack took over. He needed me." Cas' gaze hardened. "I didn't expect you to die for decades, but clearly I was wrong."
It didn’t make a bit of sense to him that no one had come for Jack yet. He turned before realizing it was the clanging of metal coming his way that caught his attention. A whole line of carriages were being pushed near by. A relieved sigh escaped him. At least that was one less thing to waste time thinking about.
“Why did you cook when you know it’s a hazard?”
The juice box was half way to Claire’s mouth when she froze.
“Dean understood the complexities of my mission. I didn’t want to hurt Kelly, but….a child like Jack is…..he could cause a lot of harm.”
“And you too,” Jack pressed.
"I don't understand," said a different voice. And then a brunette woman materialized.
“Yeaah,” Jack agreed. He was happily half-buried under some sweaters Claire threw into the cart after Cas eyed them several times.
After that she went into the nursery. There was no mistaking the care that went into the room. Her eye immediately went to the painted apple tree with the rainbow above it.
Dean’s heart stopped the moment they fell through the portal rift. His body hit the bunker floor with a loud thump, but so did Castiel’s. It wasn’t until a moment later when Cas wiggled to sit up, slamming the palm of his hand onto the floor as he gasped for air, that Sam felt his stomach drop.
Cas surveyed their surroundings again and he pulled her in even closer. “You don’t understand what could happen if we’re found. And there’s a lot of people here.”
Cas narrowed his eyes. “Is that something I should be worried about?”
“Yeah, of course.”
A mischievous grin grew on Claire’s face. “Don’t angels have to take sex ed like the rest of us?”
“Unfortunately, yes.” Cas deadpanned. He shook his head. “The difference maker is knowledge and I have millennia of information.”
“You’re missing out,” Dean winked. “More of the secret ingredient for myself then.”
I intended this chapter to carry on through the rest of this episode at the store, but due to time with my work project I cut it off here. I was already making a page break to jump a bit, but now that'll be the opening for 9. (I only have like two sentences at the moment). I'm going to try my hardest to update next week. I really want to stick to this weekly schedule, but we'll all find out together. It depends how work goes (and my headaches).
“Kiddo, they’re all blue.”
Dean didn’t take his eyes off the road, but his expression softened. He laughed, “He’s….
“Wouldn’t be much of a secret then, Cas. It’s something you gotta taste for yourself.”
It was the third car he ditched, and the fourth he’d stolen today. Cas knew that he was being excessive at this point, especially with the erratic out of the way routes and doubling back he’d been doing in case he was being followed. He couldn’t afford a mistake. Not now.
Chapter Three
Finally, Cas turned his attention back to Jack. He raised an eyebrow. “Now that wasn’t an answer. No more moving things with your mind until we get home. I need your word.”
Cas chuckled, rearranging Jack in his arms. Luckily because of his angelic strength, he could hold the baby with only one arm even when Jack was squirming. A rare, tiny smile stayed etched on Cas’ face.
“I’m guessing that didn’t work,” Claire said pointing at Jack.
Cas raised an eyebrow and Claire shrugged. He took Jack back into his arms. “I had a feeling he’d be telekinetic. It’s a simple thing any angel can do.”
Dean turned to Rowena. “Can magic resurrect an angel?”
The look on Cas’ face melted into a fond one. He lightly ruffled Jack’s sandy, brown hair. Like everything else it had grown and thickened overnight. The front swooped more to the side and the ends in the back curled under his ears.
“Okay,” Cas nodded. “So...Dean was dealing with the mark of Cain.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth hooked into a crooked grin. “That kinda defeats the purpose, Cas. I gotta keep an eye on ya to make sure that you’re not getting sicker.”
The next couple of hours melted away in a storm of poking through every bit of clothing in the baby and toddler sections. There were some textures that Jack didn’t like, but that barely limited them. Jack seemed to enjoy nearly every color and pattern they came across. It wasn’t long before they had the cart filled around the nephilim.
Cas stared at him dumbfounded. His eyes quickly filled with tears.
. That’s how you end up dead.” They both stopped in the kitchen doorway. Cas sighed. “Right, Jack put on a show during lunch.”
Billie held her head up high. "Amara."
“Excellent.” Claire’s smile widened. “You wanna watch a movie?”
Cas shook his head, but that smile was still firmly there. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean wouldn’t be in this pickle.
“It was like she was wrapping you up in her love,” Jack mused out loud.
“Yeah, bye Da,” Claire teased with a sharp edge to her voice.
She lifted her head and stared at him oddly. “Last I checked Heaven doesn’t have cell service. How am I supposed to tell him anything?”
Billie frowned.
“Being able to look at a person and see parts of their soul….yes, that’s more of an angel thing.” Cas closed the drawer and came back over with a light purple and blue polka-dot onesie. Claire took a step back while Cas was busy with Jack.
“That’s fair.” Cas shrugged. “These days I feel like anything is possible eventually. I’d like to be prepared.” Claire nodded. “Granted all you need is to send an angel with a note.”
"I get that. But Cas, were you ever gonna come back? While you were busy redecorating I've been...ya know, digging for anything that would have gotten me a door to the empty."
Dean sprinted down the hallway with eyes wide with fear. “Where is it?” he demanded.
“No. Jody thinks I’m looking into a haunting in Iowa.”
“Silver…...a lot like starlight, actually.” He looked over his shoulder at Claire for a moment. Her soul was shining even brighter now. “Souls in general when separated from their body, are the brightest blue-white light you can imagine. They’re unimaginable sources of power.”
Jack was unconscious not even five minutes into the drive home. Not that Claire could fault him. It had been a busy afternoon. She spent most of the drive staring out the window, but every so often she would glance back at him in the car seat behind her.
“He has a child?” Mary’s voice was practically non existent.
Cas opened his eyes, and slid his gaze up to meet Dean’s. He watched him through delicate eyelashes, waiting. Hopeful.
Cas shook his head and stepped forward, trying to exude a menacing aura. Claire stared back at him unfazed.
“Yeah,” he answered in a strained voice. The wave of pain had yet to diminish in any capacity. Silently, Dean vowed to never go without shoes ever again.
?” Her head crooked to the side as she stopped with in reach of him. She felt antsy to be standing this close to the wings.
His gaze squished into an intense squint. “I hadn’t thought about that yet.” The corner of Claire’s mouth hooked into a small, amused smile. Cas continued, “I suppose though...that I should just repack everything into the bags again. Store them out of the way down here.”
The door creaked opened and Cas slid into the front seat. In with him came the wafting smell of hot food, and Claire’s stomach immediately growled. She finally turned to him, and Cas held a plate out to her in one hand and a covered container in the other.
“I can look that up right now,” Jack answered eagerly. He reached for his phone on the nightstand.
“You might wanna run it again,” Dean joked. He wasn’t able to stop his tongue. “If you ask Claire she’d tell you that I’m already geriatric for a hunter.”
Jack’s expression softened, but his fingers were still tangled in her hair. “Ookay. Okay. Okay. Okay.”
“Okay.” Claire raised her hands in defeat.
Dean’s eyes opened a crack. He wasn’t sure when he had slipped and fallen asleep. Yawning, it was probably the best sleep he’d had in months. His content feeling faded the moment his memory caught up and he realized that he was alone.
“Oh,” Cas said, finally putting Jack in the cart. Happy, Jack sat in the middle and ran his fingers along the cold, metal cart. Cas shook his head. “Why is it every so many generations swears change? It’s too much to keep track of and care about. And….none of my parenting books covered any of this….”
“Shop-POP-ping.” Jack burst into a fit of giggles.
After another pause Cas continued, “Dean’s spoken highly of Jody in the past. She should be sufficient enough to work cases with.” There was no mistaking the sharp intake of air over the line. “You are working with Jody, right?”
Cas nodded, and opened the car door. He got out and then into the back seat. His stare bored into the side of Dean’s head.
Chapter Four
Shy, he hid his face in her side. A soft smile was there before he squished himself into her.
“Well ya win some and ya lose some. It happens, and besides Jack’s too much angel to let a little snow stop him.”
Cas crossed over to the kitchen doorway and paused there. “He desperately needs a bath. You can feel free to entertain yourself in any of the rooms in the meantime. Upstairs is Jack’s nursery and the bedroom you’re free to use.”
. I doubt a human doctor could do better.”
She raised an eyebrow. “Did you bring me grilled cheese and…?”
“You did?” Her lip twitched.
“You’ll never go back.” The tone in Jack’s voice lifted Cas’ gaze to his. “When the time comes, you’ll have a place at my side. Forever.”
Dean looked at the bowls and pretended to be confused. He pointed at the cauldron. “Where’s the goods?”
“Claire? Who was-” Claire hung up and shoved the phone back into her pant’s pocket.
And that’s not his fault. She knew that, but Mary also knew that she literally was plucked from 1983. This was wrong. It didn’t matter how much this Dean wanted her here. She needed to go home.
“Don’t be a bitch. I didn’t ask for an interrogation.”
“Enough already.” Dean kicked off his boots and flopped onto the other bed in their double. He knew that he needed a shower to ideally warm himself up, but for now this was nice. “How much snow do you think we’re gonna get?”
She couldn't look away. Dean rocked like he did the day he tore his knee open in the street. He clutched onto the angel for dear life like she did when she held John's lifeless body.
“Yea-h, Da.”
“Night,” Dean breathed quietly and let go.
This time though Cas reached for him and the moment their hands touched, Dean was healed. Cas helped pull him to his feet. And then he struck Dean again. Not as hard as before, but enough to bruise. CASTIEL. It was enough to pause the moment. It had been so long since Dean last said Cas’ full name. It felt foreign on his tongue. By Cas’ expression it seemed odd for him to hear too. There was a brief flicker in his eyes and Cas took off to the other side of the room. As far away as he could get from Dean.
you..an allowance?”
The angel snapped his hands to his chest in order to hold the scarf tightly. “It’s new,” he said defensively.
There was a hitch in Cas’ breathing. He blinked and held the candy bowls out to Dean. Somehow his expression remained cool and controlled.
Cas’ eyes narrowed. “Dean, what did you do?”
normal.”
Ignoring that, Dean pointed at Crowley. “Spell. Now.”
“What! Who handed
Cas shook his head. “Angels aren’t born. My siblings and I….we were all made during the beginning of creation. Our purpose is….was to serve Heaven. Follow orders…..” His voice trailed off as he focused his attention on Jack. Cas’ thumb brushed gently, back and forth, on the side of Jack’s arm. “The whole incident when we really met…..the angels tore me from your father’s body, because I was seeing through the cracks in Heaven’s walls, and I was reprimanded for it.”
Dean’s mouth curled into a snarl. “I’ll find them, and they’ll pay for
The high pitched voice took her by surprise. Right, the little weed was growing last night. She knew that.
“I’m sorry,” Amara said, and she sounded like she meant it. “Would it be alright if I visited your Heaven one day? I’d like to understand, and...I’d like to meet
“I just can’t picture you with a kid.”
At the moment my intention is to post a chapter a week so tune in next week! I'm very fond of the next one. <3
I'm gonna try to have a chapter for next week. I have a lot on my plate now since I was sick. Please keep an eye on my tumblr: Icefire149.tumblr.com  everything relating to this fic is tagged: An Angel's Vow. It's linked on my master post. You can't miss it. I post updates and sneak peeks there.
unpack and use that space while you’re here.”
, I’m not planning on talking you into or out of anything. I’ve dealt with enough humans to know when one is being needlessly stubborn. There’s something I’d like to give you that could help you.”
“It won’t be long,” Dean said, breaking the silence. “We should only be about a day behind Sam and Cas.”
Startled, his whole body uncharacteristically flinched. His blue eyes looked dull and sad. “Sorry. I didn’t hear you coming.”
“Oh, come on. There’s nothing wrong with having a few looks. Besides, Jack is going to strangle you at this rate.”
mess that up. My work is impeccable.”
“Dean?” Cas’ voice called from the hallway. The sound of his quickening footsteps were only seconds behind. “Are you okay?”
A coy grin spread across Dean’s face, and Cas flipped them. They were still standing upright, but they were pressed together now. Cas leaned in, pressing kisses into Dean’s neck and up to his jaw.
“He’s a good boy, but I’m afraid that you’re placing too much….
It came to life and buzzed erratically for a couple minutes. Cas wasn’t sure what to do other than wait for it to stop. Even Jack was eyeing the phone oddly. Eventually, the buzzing ceased and Cas discovered that he had: over a dozen missed calls, tons of text messages, and a couple voice mails.
“Yeah, I’m used to crashing up here.”
.” Cas ended up placing both hands at the end of the cart. His fingers curled around the metal. The thoughts in his head started going lightning fast. So many moments and conversations needed to be adjusted under the lens of this new information.
There was another pause, and Cas felt cold. He knew they were fine. They sent messages after this voice mail was made. He felt like he was the one suffocating.
He went through a handful more outfits after that. Claire and Jack’s reactions made the whole experience worth the initial discomfort. Their approval meant everything to Cas. The only thing would would have made this perfect...was Dean being there. Every time he looked in the mirror, Cas couldn’t help but wonder what he might have thought.
There were still messages to read. He opened Dean’s:
Sighing, Dean turned his attention away from the night sky. He’d been leaning against baby’s door for a while, watching the clouds roll in. “That’s a bold statement from someone who doesn’t get cold.”
“And that’s why you’ve gone all dad mode.” Claire crossed her arms.
“Finally!” Jack threw their hands in the air and then went over to Dean, climbing onto his lap. They dramatically flung themself back because they knew that Dean would catch them. “One of you gets it.”
Claire’s gaze narrowed in confusion. But before she could say anything, Cas changed the subject.
With the tips of his fingers, Dean lightly twisted and turned the beer bottle on the bunker’s kitchen table. As he spoke, he was still hunched over and watching the last third of his drink splash and move against the glass. The silence stretched longer than he’d hoped. He glanced up to find Cas staring at him confused.
“Yeah, Cas. I can see that. Congrats you made charcoal.”
“The kid’s calling,” Dean’s voice broke. “H-how do I tell her….
“Dean-”
“Were you planning on having anything to eat right now? Jack’s all done with his lunch.”
to be funny?”
“Sooo that’s just an angel thing then?”
"He's alive?" With a slight turn of his head the words tumbled out of his mouth. The last one in a whisper. "Cas."
“Why was Cas making cookies in the first place? He doesn’t eat.”
“We agreed to be quiet while Claire sleeps, right?”
“No. No. No no
your well-being.”
“Yes.”
“A while I suppose.”
He stood there waiting for several minutes after that, but there was nothing else to the prayer. That was it. Cas picked up the dish towel on the counter and dried his hands, looking over his shoulder at Jack in his high chair.
Cas’ warm smile quickly wobbled and wavered before some other emotion won in his eyes. Dean almost chased it, but then it too was replaced with something else: a more teasing glint. A hint of Cas’ teeth caught his eye now. “I’ll try my best, but I’d imagined I would be kicking your wheel chair to every event.”
A voice deep down in her core screamed at her to run. She caught a flash of movement out of the corner of her eye. Spinning, she saw a man stalking towards her.
The corner of Cas’ mouth pulled into a small grin. “Honestly, I don’t think it is. Many hunters speak of Sam and Dean like they’re legendary. And….while I understand the reasons why….”
“Apparently,” Dean shrugged, putting another dish on the drying rack.
Cas went back to the counter and retrieved his phone. He brought Jack into the living room and they sat in the rocking chair by the window. The moment Jack caught a glimpse of a bird flying by, he was entranced by the window. Cas hung onto him with one hand while he stared at his phone.
Cas brought himself back to the entrance of the store. He wasn’t exactly sure where the shopping carts were, but logically this felt like the correct location. This would have been easier if he wasn’t still on edge. His eyes kept darting around, looking for anything suspicious.
“Okay.” Jack laid his hands next to his father’s. He closed his eyes, and breathed.
Dean had his head buried so deep in thought about the impala’s winter maintenance that he almost missed the familiar foot steps breezing past in the garage. His eyebrows pressed together as he pulled his head out of the car. “Cas, buddy, where are you going?”
Cas sat back in the chair. “Technically, yes. The reason why it isn’t perfect is how angels communicate.” He touched the side of his forehead for a moment. “Dean calls it
“I need you to make a quick detour before you get here.”
“I...I thought he was being..kind,” Cas said in a quiet voice. His shoulders slumped.
Claire didn’t move a muscle while Cas left the room and returned with a calmer Jack. His face was clean, but his baby cheeks were still red from crying. His big blue eyes locked onto Claire, and stayed there as Cas sat down on the far end of the couch.”
Another hearty laugh rocked Cas. “Makes logical sense to me.”
Cas felt like he was being held together by one frayed thread. The part of him choking on guilt was begging it to snap, but the baby lightly kicking the heels of his feet into Cas’ thighs gave him enough reason to keep moving forward. He had more responsibilities and worth now than being the Winchester’s bulwark. Castiel hoped that one day they would understand that.
He turned towards Claire. “Let’s take a look at that arsenal of yours.”
There was a quiet pause where Claire was still processing every bit of information Cas shared. She didn’t miss that he seemed to be growing uncomfortable. He was twitching and pulling at his coat sleeves. And then, it dawned on her. “You asshats freed the devil, didn’t you?”
they’d tell me if they accidentally ate the
Claire had no idea how much time had passed when she heard a light knock on the passenger side, front window, but the blanket of night was indicator enough that it had been a while. There was no point in looking, she knew who it was so instead she started wiping the remaining tears away with the palms of her hands.
Slowly, Jack’s face lit up with a beaming smile. “I get it!”
She crossed her arms and refused to look at Cas. “I figured that if Jody was on Sam and Dean’s goodbye list for the end then I was on yours, right? And then I’d get radio silence.” Claire paused. The pain in her voice didn’t hide well. “It sucks being disappointed all over again…”
And then, there was a muffled ringing noise coming from Claire’s pocket. Sighing, she struggled to dig it out with her free hand. Of course, it flew out of her hand. “Fuck!” She missed catching it.
Her hand shook carrying the glass while she retraced her steps. Mary wasn’t sure what she would find when she made it back. Holding her breath, she found Dean in the same spot. His eyes were squeezed shut, but his mouth was moving silently.
“That explains the pain.” With her free hand, Claire lightly ruffled a bit of Jack’s hair. “Keep fighting little guy.”
“Tell me about it.”
“Weren’t you listening, Dee?” They put their hands on their hips.
Cas hooked the scarf behind his neck. “It felt redundant.” His expression quickly twisted in frustration as his hands failed to wrap the scarf in a way that would be comfortable.
“I have no idea when God disappeared from Heaven, but Michael kept the system going. And Heaven demanded obedience. Anyone that strayed from the path was given two options: they leap or they’re pushed. Either way, they fall.”
Afterwards, Jack looked up from his dessert with chocolate syrup smeared at the corner of his mouth. His eyes narrowed as he studied Dean closely. “Now that Castiel is free, what are you planning on doing now?”
“You left far too quickly.”
Cas nodded. “Would you be interested in learning any of that?”
“Uh, yeah.” Claire went over and stood in front of Jack while Cas went digging for clean clothes. Jack was wrapped up in a bright, lime green towel with a hood that made him resemble a frog. Jack stared up at her with big, round eyes.
First things first, she needed to scrub her hands. The blood wasn’t too stained into her fingertips yet. A deep exhale left her slowly as the water ran clear down the drain. Glancing around, she spotted a pale yellow hand towel in reach. She dried her hands, stopping only to get a better look at the bee embroidered to the bottom of the towel. It was unexpected, but well made.
She still didn’t know what to make of him. He knew the right stories. He was the right age. But….how could she swap the Dean she tucked into bed hours ago for this hardened stranger?
Cas leaned forward in his chair. His stare pierced into Dean, unwavering, like he was certain that he could learn all he needed from his eyes alone. “Dean, you can tell me now. You can always tell me, anything at all.”
“What is he?”
“He can do that?”
A deep sigh tore through Cas and left his shoulders drooping. He slowly watched his fingers, painfully uncurl. “I don’t understand why you’re not leaving me here so you can get back to Sam. Go….
Dean’s hands were shaking as he left the room. Cas stayed behind to talk to Sam for a few minutes.
?” Unconvinced, Claire crossed her arms. He continued, not making eye contact. “Despite not needing to eat or sleep, Dean was always particular about making sure I had plenty of emergency money.” He shrugged. “Gas money aside, the rest of it surprisingly adds up fast.”
Mary shot forward to help him, but the look in Dean’s eyes made her freeze. She watched him hobble out of the room. With one last look at the wings burned into the floor, she followed after him.
“His feelings will pass, but my discomfort won’t if I stay. I’ll never stop wanting to claw my way back to my boys. And that’s not fair….to the men that they are now.” She hung her head, squeezing her eyes shut. “And he’ll never forgive me for killing….”
“Ah, speak of the little devil,” Dean quipped.
At that, Sam flew to his feet, feeling for his phone before spotting it on the nearby table. He was unlocking it when a blinding light filled the room.
“Okay. Good,” he said, losing the gravity in his voice. “Do you want to ride in the cart or do you want to be held?”
Sam withdrew his hand. “Cas?” his voice was so small and afraid like several decades were suddenly torn away.
But they forgot one crucial detail when Cas took on this curse. When Dean had the mark it took Cas’ angelic strength to wrangle Dean’s enhanced strength.
“Yes?” Cas stood up straight; he finally got Jack’s bib securely on. The more Jack fussed, the more his wings were flailing in the metaphysical plane. That reminded him that he still didn’t have a solution for what he was going to do when Jack realized his wings did so much more than wiggle.
“Dean?” Mary stepped forward to see his jaw hanging open. Dean’s bottom lip trembled, and tears started running down his cheeks. She suddenly felt painfully cold.
"A reaper."
” Dean stepped closer. All he had to do was lean forward…just a little bit more for their thighs to touch. Biting the inside of his cheek, he needed to focus. The warmth radiating off the angel was like a siren call, drawing him in closer.
Surprised, Dean trailed behind him through the house and into their room. He blinked as Cas closed the door behind them and then paused next to their bed.
“Castiel.” Claire crossed her arms and sighed. “We’re not here to pick out clothes just because I like them. You’re the one who’s gonna be wearing them.”
“Yeah.”
Claire’s cheeky smile fell. With the heel of her boot, she launched herself forward and stopped in front of Cas. She spoke with a low voice. “What do you mean?”
Her knees tried to buckle, but Mary's knuckles were white from holding onto the table so tightly. She'd only been here for a day, and she did
“Hey,” Sam mumbled.
“Why are
If Dean hadn’t already known that angels couldn’t sleep, he probably would have thought that Cas was deep asleep next to him. For a minute he watched the rhythmic rise and fall of his chest, and the slight fluttering of his eyelashes. Normally, this wasn’t something he’d allow himself for more than a heartbeat, but it had been a few days since him and Sam saved Cas from Rowena’s attack dog spell.
Claire nodded, and bit her bottom lip. She lightly punched Cas’ forearm. “I know. I haven’t seen you in centuries.”
“Yeah.” Cas stood up straight, collected. “And besides,” he shifted the subject, and took a small black card out of his wallet. “We have this as well.”
That was the final push Claire needed to burst into belly deep laughter. Jack watched her with widening eyes. Excited, he started banging the palms of his hands on the highchair tray.
swing that kind of mojo?”
The hunter’s grip tightened on the steering wheel. “I’m gonna need you to elaborate, buddy. What look?” Dean pulled the car off to the side of the road, and waited.
.” He could feel the angel’s stare sliding under his skin. “I left Jack with Sam so I could chase every whisper, blade, bullet, and trap that might lead to you. And from what I’ve gathered, Sam did much of the same passing Jack off on whoever was willing to keep an eye on him. That wasn’t fair to him, and I’m not proud of my behavior.”
. What the hell, Cas!”
He continued while eyeing her carefully. “I never meant to upset you. I’m in no way trying to force anything on you.” Cas turned away and leaned back in the chair. He stared at the ceiling above him.
“It’s a long story.”
“And I thought you said that I was free to leave at any time!”
Cas stopped in the center of the room. Dean’s eye couldn’t help but stare at the single plastic bag in the angel’s hand. His eye then trailed up to the new piece of clothing around Cas’ neck: a scarf. It was orange and red with ugly, giant pom-poms at either end.
Dean crossed his arms. “Okay, I may have….eaten a couple.”
Her mouth curled into a grin at the sound of Cas’ deep sigh. She peeked into the kitchen and saw Cas standing next to the high chair with his arms crossed. Jack’s eyes widened the moment he spotted her.
“Isn’t he a bit young for intense growing pains? Should we get a doctor?” Antsy, Claire finally stepped into the room, but she still kept a distance between her and the baby.
. Disappear into the crowd. Get as far away from me, Jack, and here as possible. You don’t want to be tied to this, Claire.”
“Okay.” Claire uncrossed her arms and let them hang at her sides. “Tell me
“He’s not human,” the words slipped from her lips. She was still finding it hard not to focus on the massive wings burned into the floor.
Cas held him just as tight. “Okay, Dean.”
. I want to go home."
“O-kay,” Cas answered back slowly. His head tilted a fraction with a quirked eyebrow, but he didn’t  get to press the subject when Jack came barreling down the hallway.
“Can you imagine how sad the sight would be to see Cas trying to explain why there’s no candy to the kids that are inevitably showing up on your doorstep. Think he might try to hand out stickers instead from one of Jack’s books?”
Claire made her way upstairs, and heard loud splashing noises. She had to bite the side of her hand to hold back the laughter that threatened to escape when she heard the deadpan tone of Cas’ voice. A few more, but quieter splashes later she started moving past the door. For a moment she thought caught the sound of her own name and that made her pause, but immediately she brushed it off. It shouldn’t come to a surprise that Cas was telling Jack about her.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “The cookies, you know. They’re a snack people tend to enjoy.”
“Yes,” Cas smiled softly.
“No.” Cas crossed the room and saw Jack laying on his back. The baby reached his hands up, wanting to be picked up.
Chapter Ten
“They’re stumbling ass-backwards into everything,” Claire grinned.
The carts were left over by the far wall. Cas made his way over and looked over a few of them. They all appeared to be the same, but he found that some were dirtier than others and the metal was sharp in places on another. Eventually, he settled on one that seemed suitable enough for the task.
“Yeah. Good thing there’s a store not too far from the house.”
The apples of the angel’s cheek’s appeared pinker when Dean’s gaze slid up from the blue fabric that was still caught between his fingers. Cas’ bottom lip twitched for a second, and then he sunk his face into the scarf.
Sighing, Cas’ gaze fell to his lap. He chewed at the inside of his cheek. “I can’t do that again.”
“And….I do actually quite like this house. It’s peaceful here. Unlike their bunker...which is filled with rooms of unknown and dangerous items.”
For now he was just grateful that he had the foresight to get Kelly far enough away from the cabin before Jack was born. He knew that she wouldn’t survive the birth. He knew that it was likely going to alert every angel, demon, and curious moron in creation, but he still wasn’t prepared for what occurred. The power blast….atomized
“What’s wrong?” Cas closed the distance between them. His eyebrows pinched together.
He didn’t intend on being an ass, but Dean could feel another stupid grin coming on. When was the last time his face hurt from laughing so much?
“No. There’s nothing fun about that.” Cas shook his head. “And they’re both caged in Hell so….they weren’t exactly available.”
risking everything?”
Dean ran a finger down the side of the cauldron. Cas and Jack spent the previous weekend decorating the outside of the bowl with sigils for good luck and peace. He was silently hoping Sam would save him from Cas’ wrath when a knock on the door broke through his thoughts.
“Huh?”
Castiel’s arm dropped. His gaze hit the ground. "I'm so sorry Dean. This shouldn’t have happened. Maybe Jack-"
A big yawn shook her body while she turned to lay on her side, facing away from the windows. Her eyes slowly closed, but then her heartbeat jumped to a racing pace. Claire didn’t recognize the room at all.
“So why are we letting Dean sweat? What did he do?” Claire grinned. “Depending on what he did, I bet we can get Jody to boot his car.”
“Oh, sorry sweetie. I’m Rowena.” The woman stepped forward with a smile Mary didn’t trust for a second. “And...
“The rest of Sam’s prayer was an update on what they’re doing. Apparently him and Dean are going to be out of the bunker for a little while.”
Cas finally tore his gaze from Jack. One of his hands hugged him closer. “Imprisoned in Hell.”
There was something magnetic in Cas’ demeanor. As it circled and grew in his eyes, it filled Dean with a soft warmth that drew him a step closer. His skin burned, but on his brother’s life he couldn’t remember in that moment why he would normally never let himself get this close.
Once Sam was out of sight, Dean’s gaze landed on Cas. Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Today, uh, didn’t exactly go as planned, but….I’m glad it happened.”
“Yes, but I gave it to you. I wouldn’t want to overstep.”
“I get that, but it’s easier if I already know it’s acceptable...or favored.”
“Don’t be silly!” Jack giggled. “I’ll just heal you.”  They slapped the palms of their hands to Dean’s face, but nothing happened. “See? All better.”
“Nah,” Dean answered, scratching the back of his neck. “He went on a grocery run with Sam about a half hour ago.”
“We don’t know,” Mary answered, surprising herself. “We got here and….” She gestured at the room around them. “It appears that something happened. Sam’s gone.”
“Mom?” A rough voice called out far away. On coming footsteps echoed down the hall. “Mom!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi everyone! I'm really sorry that I wasn't able to update last week (It's currently 1am Sunday here so I'm counting this as the start of a new week). I got my first covid shot and it KICKED MY BUTT. My arm swelled, got red, hot, and incredibly painful (And I have a high tolerance for pain). And on top of all that I felt sick, head fuzzy, and all around miserable. So it got me behind on work and finishing this chapter up. ooooooooof what a week. I'm feeling a lot better at the moment. Finally. So no worries.
“I haven’t lied. I want to help you, and I want to pass my knowledge along.” His head tilted just a bit. “Claire, I’ll never be able to repay you or...make anything right. I know that, but….this is something I can do. And selfishly...I’d like you to be the best.”
“No, but thank you.” Cas offered her a small smile. “I’ll take him downstairs so you can sleep. He’ll be all better in a few hours.”
Chuckling, Dean nodded. “Yeah.” He swiftly tied it and laughed again. “You look business ready.”
“We’re not hunting. We’re studying.”
Squeezing his hands into fists, Cas glanced around the room. Besides the three of them and the bowl the brothers must have used for the spell, the room was bare. “Where’s Jack?”
When Dean crumbled into a snot running, tear streaked, mumbled whispering mess, Sam knew that Dean had no idea that he was even there anymore. Sam did the only thing he could. He wrapped his arms around his brother and held onto him, trying to calm him. All he could hear was Dean’s whispers as he kept reaching for the half filled in hole. I’m sorry. I’m so damn sorry. Please don’t leave me. I’ll fix this. I’m sorry. I’ll fix this. I’m sorry, please. I’m so sorry. I’m sorry.
when I was checking in."
“Listen, I’m so proud of you. You’re adapting. You’re…..considering what you’ve gone through, you’re amazing.”
Cas’ gaze lifted, and Claire’s head tilted to the side while she thought. “Even if the angel was the mother?”
His tone was sharp. “I did what I thought was necessary.”
Before Dean could say anything else the oncoming, thundering footsteps pulled his attention to the direction of the bedrooms.
Eileen raised an eyebrow, studying him closely. He waved with a small, forced smile before turning his attention to the dress up trunk. It didn’t take Dean a lot of digging before his fingers recognized the material of the jacket.
Cas hugged her back, and his eyes scanned the area around them. “Quite a bit. Were you followed?”
Claire stopped dead in her tracks next to Cas. Her eyes locked onto the colorful play pen. “Castiel.” The hand closest to him latched onto the sleeve of his coat. Claire suddenly felt very small, like when she was still a kid living with her family in Pontiac, Illinois. “Why do you have a baby?”
“Cas,” Claire’s quiet tone made him freeze in place. “What would happen if the other angels find Jack?”
Leaning forward, Claire dropped her face into her hands. “You let the devil walk around in my dad’s body.
Cas sighed. He looked at Claire, “I’m giving him proof that I’m alive.”
One of Cas’ hands continuously rubbed circles into Jack’s back. “Shhh. I’m right here.” The volume of Jack’s cries slowly lessened to sniffles.
….my siblings were thrown from their only home in creation. And the ones that survived the eviction, they’re now left to wander a world they’re not built to understand.”
A glint of excitement shone in Claire’s eyes. “Are you sure? Sounds like a fun place to explore and grow up in.”
A loud laugh rumbled through Claire. Unsure, Cas watched her baffled. She placed a hand on the cart to steady herself. “He...he...
“Where’s your car?”
“So what have you done?”
Her heartbeat quickened. From fear or hope, she wasn't entirely sure. "Could you send me home to my boys?"
Claire met Cas’ eye. “Growing pains don’t just disappear by morning.”
?” Claire burst with a mouthful of cantaloupe.
Chuckling, Dean dropped his head so his forehead was on Cas’ shoulder. “Yeah,” he breathed, laughing still. “When forever ends, I’ll just love you some more.”
Slowly, she followed Dean inside. He nearly bounced down the steps, he was eager to get to where ever he was heading.
“I need to go Christmas shopping.”
He turned in her direction, and Cas’ eyes widened with surprise for a moment. Momentarily, he forgot that Claire was even in the house. “He will be.”
"I know I wasn't a saint, but.... I didn't think the kid would bar me from the pearly gates." His grin spread ear to ear and Cas looked at him confused for a moment before sighing.
Sam kept his eyes glued to his brother’s face. His jaw tightened. “A lot’s happened since you died. Jack’s God now so he left.”
She stepped forward and placed a hand on his forearm. “Sam’s running your errand.”
Claire slowly leaned away in her chair. “Why….would I need protection from angels?”
There was nothing she could do for…...now, and if he wasn’t responsible for the mess and Sam’s disappearance, who was? Where did he go? Dean needed a clear head.
Dean gasped awake with three sets of eyes staring at him from above. The angels withdrew their hands.
Dean had to look away from the intensity of Cas’ stare, and when he did something dawned on him. A small laugh escaped him.”
Dean pulled the body into his lap, cradling him. Gently, he brushed some of the hair sticking to the creature’s forehead back. Dean’s hand pressed the creature’s head into the crook of his neck. Tears started pouring, and his whole expression crumbled in silent despair.
He nearly knocked himself over turning around so fast. If he wasn't already dead, Dean knew his heart would have been racing. This was it.
“Even without the Michael situation….” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “It’s not the same. He’ll have you. You’ll have each other long after the rest of us are dust in the wind.”
“If anything happens,” Cas started. “you
The corner of the angel’s mouth curved into a smirk. “They want it to be a surprise. Only you can help them. Have fun.”
“What?” Claire bumped her head into Cas’ shoulder. One of her hands latched onto the side of his sleeve. “He has wings? Can he fl-”
It hit, burying deep into his abdomen and knocking him staggering backwards. The creature ripped it out, blood running down his hand like ribbons tying around his fingers. His hand shook, sending the blade clattering to the floor.
Cas turned around bewildered. “What are you talking about? There’s no speech.”
“No.” Jack hung on tighter. “It was grief. The loss of Cas…….me. It weakened your heart, but I knitted it all back together again.”
“Dean, you really should come inside. It’s too cold.” Cas stopped at the nose of the impala. He rested a light hand right above the driver’s side headlight.
Billie's stare rolled over to Amara. "Consequences."
Jack peeked an eye from behind the bowl, but quickly squeezed his eyes shut when he realized Claire was still looking at him. He was notably bigger than he was last night.
Mildly irritated, Cas shook his head. “He’s yet to actually pray to me so I can’t imagine he wants to speak to me
Claire glanced at them out of the corner of her eye. For privacy Cas leaned in close to speak and Claire did too. “Every time he says Da, Jack keeps hitting me with his wings.”
But Jack didn’t move from where he stood on the other side of Dean. His gaze moved over to Sam, and the fear circling there twisted the hunter’s gut into knots. “But I…..” Slowly, he dropped down to a knee, and then the other. “Cas,” his voice cracked. “There’s a bigger picture that I’m apart of now. I promised to protect it. I promised not to interfere.”
“Nooooo,” Jack whined into Cas’ leg. “Daddy tell Dee-dad no.”
Cas turned and stared at her. His eyes squinted as his head tilted like he wasn’t sure if he should answer truthfully. Cas’ grip tightened on Jack as he lightly bounced him.
he can have the candy bowls prepared by the time Jack is done with their costume. He couldn’t ask for a bigger win-win.
Cas nodded, and went back to making two piles. The next bag he picked up made him pause. “Oh, this one’s yours.” He passed it over.
“Feels cumbersome in my opinion.”
Finally, Mary could see traces of the son she rocked for hours during his earaches and colds. She could see crystal clear the day Dean’s little hand slipped from hers at the supermarket. Not once was she willing to admit it, but she never knew how much time had passed before she realized that her hand was hot and clammy only from the warm day. When she found him, he was sitting with the potted plants bawling his eyes out. That night he’d confessed that he thought he’d never see her ever again.
“Make him human I suppose…”
“Claire,” he said exasperatedly.
Cas’ expression softened studying Jack. “Yellow. Warm and soft like a…..I think it’s called a hellebores.”
Cas sighed; his expression softened. “Is everything alright? What’s the errand?”
“You sure?”
“When I’m feeling better,
“While appreciated, I don’t need a snack.” Cas’ lip twitched as he glanced down at the plate.
“Oh.” He sighed, and looked past Claire wistfully. “The continental. That got misplaced back a while ago.”
Dean still remembered his father pulling Sammy free from his arms as their house burned down, and how even still his mouth couldn’t stop whispering to empty air the same promises: I love you. Dad will fix this. We’re safe.
“Just give it a-”
. He didn’t think she’d rat him out, but he was still worried enough that he absentmindedly bumped into one of the picture frames on the wall.
The reaper's stern expression softened. Almost pitiful. "You don't belong here."
(See the end of the chapter for
tell Jimmy about that. He would be rather upset.”
Defensive, Cas argued, “We….I was trying to do what was best..for everyone.” Claire’s gaze narrowed. “Lucifer was our only option. We didn’t know where or who God was, and Sam was receiving visions as answers to his prayers. Sadly, we were being tricked.”
It stung, but he knew that Dean wasn’t intentionally praying to him. He would if he absolutely needed to, but Dean was stubborn. Cas figured that even if Jack was aware of the situation, his reasoning skills were sufficient enough to surmise Dean was angry and that he wanted Cas to return to the bunker just so he could be told exactly so.
“-he used to wear his tie….one just like this-” Dean lightly tugged on the end of it. “-backwards. Wanna wear yours just like that?”
“My dad would be spinning in his grave...
“Well maybe...you should have
Dean’s grip on his phone tightened. His eyes squished tightly shut as he tried to keep cool. “
Jack started crying. Huge blobs of tears and snot ran down his face.
Cas stood back and watched where the shopping carts were being brought. He planned on waiting for the store employee to go before he selected one. A large part of his mind kept circling around Jack. His birth should have emitted a pulse large enough to draw untold numbers of eyes, and it likely did. They escaped, yes, but there’s a good chance Jack emits pulses of power at random. Likely, when he grows….like last night. Probably once he figures out more things he’s capable of doing too. Cas felt like a heavy stone had been dropped into his stomach.
Castiel was in no mood to be chastised for doing exactly what Dean would do if the situation was reversed. The man’s double standards were maddening.
"And now your son is going to do something cosmically stupid to fix this."
Embarrassed, Dean turned away and rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah…..I mean, you’ve always been amazing since day one, but….you amaze me.”
He chuckled, and started back towards the stall.
Confused, Cas turned his head to the side just a bit. Then it clicked. “Yeah. We’ll need to go supply shopping.”
Absentmindedly, she pointed her thumb at the center of her chest. “Cl-air-re.”
It wasn’t until he was down on his knees with his wrist buried in the pyre’s remains that he was torn in half. The sun was never gonna shine again. And now there was no warmth to hold, hair to comb, and skin to touch. Dean cried until he was too exhausted to keep spilling out the same words over, and over again: I love you. Come back to me. I’m so sorry. Please, don’t leave me.
Claire inched closer to the highchair. “Jack….” His big blue eyes shifted over to her, and Claire immediately felt tongue tied. Her mouth pulled into a nervous smile. “Can you...uh..can you say, Claire?”
Have an awesome week and I hope to see y'all in the next update! Leave a comment to let me know what you thought or to tell me a fun fact. I love those <3
“A Jack-o-saurus, ya know?” Dean answered still unsure himself what the fuck he was even saying. “Like a……..a din-o-saur but also…part angel. Part you.”
“I mean…” Claire had to fight back a smile. “You
Cas rolled his shoulders back a bit, standing up straighter. His head tilted questioningly. “I still remember
“I’m not missing.”
“I suppose,” the woman started. She crossed her arms. “I don’t understand why you needed me for something that simple. I’m not an on call service, and Fergus can work a spell that elementary.”
The volume snapped Cas out of his spiraling thoughts. He blinked, and his head slowly tilted to the side.
“Creamy tomato soup.”
Cas sighed, but this time his stare softened. “Dean, I….” His voice was laced with pain.
Rolling his eyes, Cas chose to ignore that. He continued, “We learned that it took Chuck….um, God – he likes to be called Chuck – and all the archangels to cage her away before.” Claire grimaced. “And there’s only two archangels left.”
Dean tapped his fingers on the steering wheel. “Yup.”
Dean’s hand rested on the door handle, but the movement next to him made him pause. He watched Cas dig a hand into his jacket pockets until he pulled out a long, dark blue scarf. “Traded the tie out for a new accessory?”
“What! It’s true.” He picked up his beer again. His eyes locked on the lip of the bottle. “I’m glad you’ll have each other. I don’t want you to spend the rest of existence alone.”
“Oh,” Cas exhaled, and visibly relaxed some. “That’s good. He’ll enjoy that greatly.”
The corner of Cas’ lip twitched. “I don’t doubt her assessment. If you remove hunting from the equation, then there’s no reason why you couldn’t see any of those milestone birthdays for Jack.
“Oh.” Her voice was quiet, and Claire awkwardly averted her gaze when Cas turned around with Jack. “What….what about the kid’s?”
“Well we can just check out whichever store is closest and work our way around. Sound good?”
Cas pushed the juice box into her reach. She took it and started drinking. He smiled, feeling the tension loosen in his shoulders.
Cas raised a curious eyebrow at Dean before dropping his gaze to the cookies. “What is it?”
“Yeah.”
Jack removed his fist from his mouth, wiping a trail of drool down his chin. He started babbling loudly.   Cas stood up, realizing what Jack wanted.
“Well that’s not the case,” Claire snapped. Cas looked at her startled. Her voice softened. “I thought I never wanted to see your face again….but then I’d hear through the grape vine that shit was going down...and I’d be waiting to hear from you.”
There was a long pause where Cas assumed the message was over. He held onto Jack tighter.
Cas didn’t even lift his head. He kept moving things around in one of the drawers. “He’s probably just staring at your soul.”
His mouth pulled into a toothy grin. He nodded happily. Jack then craned his head up to get a better look at everything. He tapped her arm with the palm of his hand.
“I know.”
He blinked and looked intently at the people walking past them. They all had one. “You might have a point.”
“How did that happen….indeed.” Cas’ stare hardened. “Jack can’t reach that cabinet.
“When you were
. It was a warning, and Cas knew that.
“Can’t fault you for that,” Dean grinned. “You know, when I met Cas millions of years ago-”
They both stood there silently for a moment. Dean was carefully trying to put his thoughts together. Dead or not, his mind still felt jumbled.
Dean snorted at that. “That’s not much of a surprise, kid.” His eyes met his brother’s. “Sammy’s been telling me for years the bacon was gonna get me.”
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle at the sight. He knew this was Jack’s way of signaling he would like to be released from the chair’s confinement. “Can you wait until I’m done with my phone call, and then we can sit in the other room? It won’t be long.”
“Oh.” Cas tilted his head a bit. “I didn’t realize that you took that to heart.”
“With Jack’s too?”
He started compressions, pressing harder than Sam dared. Dean’s limbs convulsed. “You failed, to mention, that you
Cas sighed, and rolled his gaze back over to her. He held it for several moments before speaking. “Eat before your food gets cold. I can still remember how unpleasant that can be.”
“I’m surprised you could feel anything at all,” Cas mumbled while he crossed the room to sit on the corner of Jack’s bed.
A shiver shot down Claire’s spine. Granted, she had never really interacted with a baby before, but she knew that there was something completely different about Jack. Her stare didn’t leave Jack, but she spoke to Cas. “Is it the angel wiring that makes him….seem...more advanced?”
“You’re seriously willing to teach me any of that?”
you’re going to be here to see Jack’s 5thbirthday.” He stood up and laid both hands on the kitchen table. “And then his 10th, 16th, 21st, 25th, 30th, 40th, and 50th!”
Please let me know what you thought / any theories / fun facts / honestly whatever you want in the comments or over on my tumblr: icefire149.tumblr.com
“I missed you.” It slipped out with his laughter. Dean meant it, but he didn’t realize he said it until he heard it.
Dean felt unable to speak. Like his tongue wasn’t made for making sounds anymore. The scarf’s warmth sank into his skin and the only thought coming to mind was that:
Mary blinked. "He's gonna try, but it's not like he's gonna get anywhere. His plan A was prayer."
Jack’s gap toothed smile moved to Dean. They stretched out a hand.
Startled, Cas jumped an inch. “What are you doing?”
Something broke within Dean that night. Sam wasn’t sure what, but it was clear when Dean didn’t argue. Instead he got quiet. Don’t think too hard about it, Dean. I’ll do it. You don’t have to be there. I can do this for you.
Cas sighed after a long pause, “Fine. We can take a circle around the department since we’re here.”
The tears ran hot down his cheeks while he blinked. He needed to keep Dean in his sight. Dean was his beacon home. Sniffling, Cas couldn’t stop.
“Yeah….let’s
He fell forward gripping the side of the cart, and Jack took the opportunity to strike. He tugged hard on the tie. “Das! Daaaas!” Jack continued to pull. The whole incident set Claire into another fit of giggles.
“Bed.” Cas walked her out of the room. She followed behind, and Cas watched as she continued past him and into the master bedroom. Claire fell onto the bed and was immediately asleep.
. He’ll always need you.”
Tearing Apart At The Seams
She couldn’t understand him. Mary’s eyebrows pushed together, studying him. He was going to let her kill him. Whether it was a trick or not, she couldn’t risk wasting this opportunity. Mary snatched the blade up, and drove it deep into his chest.
“I trust you with my life.”
“Thank you,” Claire mumbled into his chest. She let go just as fast and sat in the chair she used earlier during lunch.
“It’s complicated.”
Cas wants to see Claire one last time. Him and Dean argue about it. After that Dean is sure as hell that he doesn’t want any of the kids near him. Dean tells himself he can tell Claire about all of this later when Cas is better. There’s no need to upset her. He knows that like him….she won’t be able to stop until Cas is fine.
“Don’t look at me like
He knew that he was marching dangerously close to a line he’d told himself a million times not to cross. Like a moth bashing their head again, and again into a lamp. Foolish. Doomed. His fingers traitorously curled around Cas’ hair until the palm of his hand cupped the back of his head.
Cas sighed, dropping his hands back to his sides. His head tilted as he stared expressionless. “Come with me.”
Jack enjoyed anything that was brightly colored while Claire rolled her eyes at the pieces with erratic patterns.
“There’s also one other thing I need you to do on the way. Can I trust you to do that?”
“What’s wrong?”
“Okay, Jack.” His voice came out strained while he turned Jack around to look at him easier. He cleared his throat before continuing. “I can’t put off making that phone call anymore. Wish me luck.”
Mary eyed him carefully. Dean hid his face in his hands, leaning over the table. “So….” She felt utterly useless while Dean lowered a hand to meet her stare. “What now?”
Jack reached up for Cas’ blue striped tie. His little fingers curled around the end of it. Cas lightly unhooked the baby’s fingers. “It played a role. I hadn’t intended on using the card unless I absolutely had to. I….I may have taken it without their knowledge.”
“Me?” Claire raised her eyebrows. “I know you can use more words than that, kid.”
Cas’ expression softened. “Ah, that makes sense.”
His smile widened at that. Jack excitedly started kicking his feet and they tap, tap, tapped loudly against the underside of the highchair tray.
“Oooo someone’s defensive. Spill barbie. What’s with the secret dream house life? I thought you were on a hunt.”
His gaze snapped back to the rhythmic rise and fall of Jack’s breathing. “It’ll be easier to explain in person.”
All the mirth in Claire’s expression bled away. “No. No. No. It is...kind.”
“Uh….about that…..”
It was only a minute or two later when she descended down the stairs with her laptop charger clunking into each step. “Is there anything in particular that-”
“I do.” He smiled. “I’m glad you’re here.”
“Thanks,” Jack smiled. He picked his phone back up and laid back down on the bed.
He looked at her sadly. “Heaven and Hell.”
Cas’ eyebrows raised in surprise. “No?” He looked up at Claire for help, and her devilish smile grew.
“Nooo,” Jack cried.
Jack put the side of his hand in his mouth and tilted his head slightly to the side. He smiled.
Everything sounded too good to be true, which was probably perfectly fitting for Heaven, and yet, Dean felt like he was on the verge of having his heart ripped from his chest.
He blinked. Both Claire and Jack stared at him oddly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“There is
“So….” Claire spoke with the straw still in the corner of her mouth. “When does hunter school start, professor angel?”
light.
“No, regrettably. Her name’s Amara, and….she’s God’s sister.”
“Probably,” Claire answered simply. She glanced down at Jack. He was holding a light yellow, fleece jacket. The hood design was to make the wearer look like a giraffe. She cracked a small smile. “Sooo…”
“What’s wrong?”
Arching her neck up, Claire tried to get a better glimpse of the baby. He seemed to be sleeping with his face squished into the playpen floor. “I get the idea,” she said quietly. “Archangel power. Prince of Darkness. But…” Claire pointed her thumb in Jack’s direction. “I don’t think he fits the bill.”
“Stop it! He’s like-….just stop. He’s a literal toddler that I’m holding.”
“Cas, crying like that because of pain
“That does put you in a lot of danger.”
Chapter Eight
“I’m sorry.” Sam sighed in frustration.
I have faith in you. Cas’ eyes darted up to the lid that needed to come down. He felt like he was about to combust. His eyes went back to Dean. Their stares locked together as the lid came down.
The moment Sam saw the fresh bruise it was game over. The first words out of his mouth were: We can’t wait anymore. Despite everything Dean still argued until his voice was hoarse.
“Dean-” Cas shook his head. One of his hands landed on Dean’s elbow and slowly moved up, wrapping around his arm.
“Dean will take it as a lead.”
“Okay.”
Cas’ eyes squinted like he wasn’t sure if she was kidding or not. He sat back in his chair. “Am I not supposed to be talking to Jack like I would anyone else?”
“I know you’re not going to stop now that your mind is set. I want to help you be a better hunter.”
“Yeah.”
Cas went back to sorting the clothes immediately. Sighing, Claire slowly made her way towards the staircase. She didn’t particularly want to help, but she did glance back at Cas again. The bottom step groaned under the weight of her foot. “Hey Cas?”
Hi there, and thank you for reading! I'm so excited to have more Jack this chapter. (He features quite a bit in the next one too). Between I have no concrete vision in my head for the inside of the house layout and Jack's baby behavior, please forgive me. I'm trying to balance him being part human and part angel, and I'd imagine the angel part wants to leap ahead in growth. (And I'm also working off of my experiences with my niece and nephew and how they spoke and did things are now one giant blur in my head).
Dean pulled him into another hug. “You never asked,” his voice cracked. “The thing you couldn’t have. You should have asked instead of leaving.”
His gaze lifted up to meet Dean’s and a pang of anxiety wrapped around his chest. The joy slipped from his face.
“To hunt Dagon I had to trick Dean and steal a special gun he prized.”
Firmly, Cas said, “No doctors.” Jack hid his face in Cas’ jacket.
Momentarily, he struggled to find the right words. He knew that he needed to get this out now. “All...um, all you need to do is ask.”
The lock clicked behind them and Jack sat up. He’d been laying in the center of the bed farthest from the door. “Sam called. He said that him and Eileen are aiming to meet us tomorrow if the weather isn’t too bad. Did it start to snow yet?”
Cas sighed. “There’s a lot we need to catch up on.”
“And Dean?”
“It hasn’t failed me yet.”
“Sooo are we avoiding the toy aisle or not?” Claire raised a teasing eyebrow.
.” Dean was so embarrassed that his hands were shaking. The warmth of Cas’ hands being placed on his shoulders was slowly grounding him.
“As long as it doesn’t become his favorite word, I don’t see why not. It’s a perfectly good response to frustration.” He leaned over and smoothed back into place the front sandy curl of Jack’s hair. “And….while he may have been mimicking you today...this wasn’t his first time hearing that word.”
Dean waved towards the bookshelves. “The bunker’s resources are yours.”
Startled, Mary flung around on her heels ready for combat, but the room was still empty. Goosebumps broke out across her skin. "Who's there?"
It rang, and rang, and rang. And then, “Castiel?”
Cas pulled the chair closest to him and sat down. “You’re not safe if you leave now.” He gestured at her hunting supplies on the table. “I know Heaven is after Jack. I’ve been careful to keep us hidden, but it’s not without flaws. Jack’s birth should have attracted a ton of attention. I’m shocked we haven’t been discovered yet.”
Dean tugged Cas’ arm, and the angel let himself be pulled forward and engulfed in Dean’s arms. They clung onto each other tightly.
Dean chuckled, “Okay.”
Dean shot out of his chair. His pleading gaze locked onto the woman. “Can you track Sam?”
He followed along, not daring to look in Cas’ direction. He had no idea why
“Yes.” Cas held Jack close again and went past Claire. She followed close behind as they made their way downstairs. “Another time then,” Cas said placing Jack in his play pen.
“Uh…..um…well, no.”
“That’s on Metatron. That’s not on you,” Dean snapped.
Her arms ached for her baby, but she couldn’t break now. It wasn’t safe yet. Turning to look at Dean, she asked an unexpected question. “Who’s Cas?”
“Don’t be a smart ass.”
“Oh, come on,” he breathed. “We all know I haven’t done a bang up job.”
“I already told you that’s too strong of a word. I make due with what I have.”
Dean reached forward and smoothed down the patch of hair that was still sticking up erratically. At his touch, Cas’ eyes squeezed shut, but the tension smoothed out the longer Dean carded though the angel’s hair.
He listened to the voice mails next:
“At this point I doubt that there are any angels that remember which bloodline begets my vessels, but I’d rather err on the side of caution.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched, but he didn’t say anything. He watched and listened carefully to Dean’s confession.
“Yeah!”
“I’d imagine. His mind is rapidly growing like the rest of his body. He’ll probably be able to perfect various speech sounds within the following week. If not sooner.”
“Oh, come on. It couldn’t have been that bad.”
Without hesitation, Cas took his hand but he didn’t rise from his chair. He stared at the marvel that was Dean’s skin pressed against his. It was callused in a few places, but still softer than Castiel imagined.
“I know,” Cas barked. They both sat there in their frustration for a bit. “Eventually….Chuck came back and Amara tore Lucifer from me. Problem solved.”
With a wide grin, Jack looked at him over his shoulder. “It snowed. Come look!”
Her mind circled back to the strange mother son duo. And why were her boys involved with demons, and witches, and......angels?
he enjoyed the flower pattern. “What’s wrong with this one?”
Cas hugged him back just as tight for several moments, and then his body stiffened. He slammed Dean into the wall of the Road House. His forearm pressed across Dean's chest.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Cas answered softly. He laid down, shuffling until he was curled with his back to the front seats.
“O...kay.” Cas went into the living room and peeked at the play pen. Jack was asleep. Cheek squished into the tummy of a teddy bear. Cas rubbed the side of his neck. “Okay.”
It took everything Sam had to keep Dean away from that room, but eventually he passed out. Sam woke up to find Dean passed out next to the box. Several empty beer bottles surrounded him.
Claire stepped away from the shelf and walked a few steps before turning around. “True.”
“I beat you to them. They’re in the kitchen,” she said pointing with her thumb over her shoulder.
“Thank you,” Jack answered running his hands across the scarf he pulled out of the bag.
He made his way to the front door in big strides and with one last glance towards the bedrooms. “Crisis averted,” Dean sighed with relief. The tension slipped away from his body. Cas will never need to know
“Claire, I can’t pick out adequate clothing if you don’t tell me where I made mistakes.” Out of habit from his human days, he pushed the sleeves up to his elbows.
Wordlessly, she passed Jack over, and watched Cas take a moment to study the baby’s sleeping face. A prickle of irritation made her want to snap, that she didn’t do anything to damage the kid, but she managed to keep it choked down. Cas murmured something to Jack’s temple, and then he left a soft kiss there. After that he promptly disappeared upstairs. A weird tight feeling circled through Claire’s chest. She suddenly felt very alone.
the jacket. Happy?”
Dean smiled, watching the angel attempting to puzzle out the answer. I love him, the thought blossomed in his mind like it was the most natural thing. His heart immediately felt like it was on the edge of swan diving out of his chest.
“Luckily, I had a feeling-” Cas began. He looped It around Dean’s neck. “that you’d be out here digging the car out-” He carefully wrapped it again, and again. “before I got back. So-”
Sam kept trying to reassure him that they’d figure something out. Cas knew what he was agreeing to. The next thing Dean knew he was waking up under a pile of beer bottles…..again.
“I did, but...I wasn’t in control of my body when it was lost.”
I had Jody giving me the third degree asking if I’ve heard from you. You know, since you’re
.” His head tilted and his eyes squinted like he wanted to ask a question.
Cas raised an eyebrow. “So you’re promising,
Sam fell back into the chair at his side. His whole body sagged with exhaustion. “Thank you.”
“No, I realize it was underhanded on my part,” he pressed, wishing she didn’t condone his actions. “But….” Cas sighed. “There’s unlimited funds.”
“F-uck.”
“Soo…” She sat up straight. Cas took his eyes off the road to look at her for a moment. “Are you still sure it was a good idea to use the stolen credit card?”
The corner of Cas’ mouth curved up this time. “I think you’re more than capable of eating this many without my assistance.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth curved. “And they’re probably better off for it….”
“They will at some point….I just wish I knew what’s taking them so long. I feel like I’m missing something.”
He rolled his eyes, and focused on the road again. In a quiet voice, Cas continued. “Sam prayed to me while we were in the store.”
Jack finally turned his head again. The golden glow of his eyes was hard to look away from.
“What about….” Claire pointed at the baby. “His dad?”
Again, thank you so much for reading <3 See y'all very soon.
He only made it half way to them when Claire turned. Her eyes widened. “Wow.”
With a low whine, Jack got their arm caught in the sleeve. They struggled, but their arm didn’t budge.
“When did that happen? The human thing.”
Cas leaned over and lifted Jack. “His father is Lucifer.”
“And yeah, I’ve been wanting you to join us….since forever. Seriously.”
And just like that, Jack was beaming. He went back over to his side of the room and busied himself with his phone.
“So it’s an actual bunker?”
Dean swallowed sharply. He nodded, trying to ignore the way his ears burned.
Dean hummed in response, and spotted what he was looking for: the sign for the mall. “Don’t tell Sammy, but-” He glanced at Cas’ curious expression. “since we found the bunker, I’ve always wanted to make it look like Christmas threw up all over the place.”
“I can assure you that he doesn’t bite. Yet.”
He turned his attention to Dean. “Now how on Earth did you manage to bring dear old mummy back?”
Cas kept his voice even while he watched Jack. He tried to pry the end of his tie from the baby’s vice grip hands, but he was losing the fight. He continued, “For millennia it was considered an honor. Faith is a precious gift that all my father’s creations share. I know now that we were being smug, and that my father spent his time laughing at the folly of it all.”
Frowning, Cas paused to glance down at himself again. “Is something wrong?”
“Home sweet home,” Dean mumbled as they parked in the garage.
Cas sighed, and sat down at the kitchen table. “Am I allowed to speak now?”
“Why would I lie about that?”
“Like a what?”
Stunned, Claire stared at Cas in silent horror.
A small smile tugged at the corner of Cas’ mouth. “A bit, yes.”
Opening her eyes, she saw Dean leaning an elbow on the table. Sternly, his eyes were coldly fixed into space. Another one of those odd rectangles, she assumed now was a phone, he had it pressed against his ear.
Claire glared out the window. Her jaw was taut. “Don’t do that again.”
Stepping out of the dressing room in a navy, cotton t-shirt and black, denim jeans, Cas spotted Claire and Jack in an open area adjacent to the changing area. There was plenty of room for other shoppers to go by them and their cart. The sight put a slight spring in his step. Claire had her arms resting on the cart’s handle and she was leaned forward, talking to Jack. She already looked miles more relaxed around him than she was last night.
“Thank God, you love me.” The words fondly fell from his lips.
Dean’s knee cracked, but he still climbed onto the floor to join Cas. “I brought you a snack.”
But before it could smash into the ground, it stopped. The phone was floating in mid air, still ringing. Claire snatched before anyone else could see. “Holy fuck, Jack. Was that you? You’re telekinetic?!”
“Whoa!” Claire flew forward, putting her hands on the dashboard and pressing her chest to the steering wheel. “Did you see that?”
Surprised, Dean leaned back in the booth. “That’s not my call.” He wrapped an arm around Cas’ shoulders. “Any ideas?”
try. It can be kinda fun.”
? You look spooked.”
Cas raised an eyebrow, feigning authority. “Now, can you please pick something out so I can get Jack’s lunch going?”
That surprised her. Claire let go of the end of her shirt that she was twisting in her fingers. “Are...you okay with that? Are you gonna talk to him?”
New tears slid down his already soaked face, hugging his jaw. “I can’t do that without saving him one more time. He promised me forever.” His gaze slid up to meet his son’s with fiery determination. “Jack, it’s too soon to be his time.”
“DAAAAAADDDD-DDEEEEEEEEEEEE,” Jack hollered from the other side of the house.
“I’m not blind, Dean.”
Eagerly, Jack rushed over to the mirror on their closet door. They stared at it for a long time while one of their hands slowly felt down the jacket sleeve. They were making the important decision if they could be comfortable with the folded layers. And then, they looked at Dean over their shoulder and beamed. “I like it.”
bag.”
Cas turned away from the window, and held Jack up in front of him with both hands. He could feel that Jack was close to another growth spurt. “We can’t have Claire running headfirst into teeth, and claws, and all kinds of trouble.” He placed Jack in the middle of his play pen. Cas bopped him lightly on the nose. “That’s Dean’s job, remember?”
“You like that?”
"I didn't know what he was. I acted on instinct."
Cas furrowed his eyebrows and nodded towards the car parked next to hers. He had no idea what model it was nor did he particularly care to know. It just happened to be there when he needed to ditch and switch cars. And it was green. He liked that.
“Okay,” Claire said quietly. She went back to eating her breakfast, but pensively this time.
Momentarily forgetting his troubles, Dean felt so happy. His mouth felt sore from smiling so hard while he worked to undo and retie the tie on the squirming kid. “Okay,” he said leaning back. “All set.”
Chuckling, Claire readjusted Jack again and looked around for any sign of where they needed to go. “Okay-” Jack stared up at her intently. “
Confused, Cas’ eyes squinted. “What
The volume of his voice lessened enough that Cas stepped forward and cautiously sat on the bed’s side. “Do you still remember much of it?”
come home right now.”
“Not that I know of.” Claire let go, taking a step back. A worried look marred her face.
Dean watched him go, and immediately regretted his words. With a deep sigh, he got busy figuring out how to fix the mess Cas made. When he got the tray out of the oven, the burned mess was completely unrecognizable. He disposed of it and started cleaning the mountain of dishes that were left in the sink.
“Good.” And Cas found Dean’s lips again.
“The bag is empty!” He wiggled the bag in Dean’s face. “This is our
“Uh….” Dean made a point to trail his gaze up and down Cas. Despite his worries all afternoon, he couldn’t help but smirk. “I think….you’re wearing too many clothes.”
The next one started on it’s own before Cas could even try to pull himself together.
“Of course. I want you to be safe, and I want you to be happy.”
Shock slapped across Cas’ face, replacing all other thoughts and feelings he previously had. His eyebrows pressed together. “I’m….
Wordlessly, Claire scrambled up to her feet and sat as far away as possible on the couch. She crossed her arms, leaning back in the cushions, and tried to only look at Cas. “So what happened to his mom?”
She nodded slowly. “Okay.”
-blue one was the tie that closest resembled the one Cas was wearing when they met in that old barn.
“Dude, just listen. When I die, I need you to promise me that you’ll come visit me. Break me out of whatever memory loop I’m in.”
“It’s nice,” Dean said pushing his door open. “I was wondering where the tie was today.” He got out of the car and Cas quickly followed him on the other side.
Dean glanced around the room. His head still felt fuzzy from sleeping. “Where’s Cas?”
. The last thing she remembered was running into Sam’s nursery, but now, here she was standing in 2016 because
Dean rolled his eyes and hung up. He shoved his phone back into his pocket. What could he do now?
Billie crossed the room, stopping directly in front of Mary. She held her eye. “There’s no home to go back to. Only memories. If you stay, this is it. This is home with the men your boys became.”
Thank you so much for reading!!! <3
“Okay,” he said slowly. Cas studied her.
“He’s
Jack continued to wail with his eyes squeezed shut.
“It’ll be real quick. Back in a flash.”
“Cas, I-”
Nodding, Claire started taking big mouthfuls of soup. They sat there like that in silence while she ate. Cas stared out the window lost in his own thoughts.
“It surprised me….I surprised me..when I asked you to meet me out here. Giving away my secret location…”
“Oh, um…” His gaze fell to his lap, guilty. “I agreed for him to possess me so...uh, I was right in here..as well. Only, he was in control and I had no way to overpower him.”
“Looks like we’re out of candy. How did that happen?” A strained laugh fell from his mouth.
“Actually that reminds me-” Cas turned his whole body towards in Claire’s direction. “I wanted to give you those sigils as well for protection.”
? The fourth? The fifth time?”
tried cooking before?”
“It’s not like I haven’t been on a couple hunts already.”
Sighing, Cas shook his head in mock exasperation.
, come on.”
“I was at first,” Claire grumbled. “She wasn’t letting me do anything so I left. I’ve been doing it on my own.”
She looked at the phone in her hand. It was Alex. The call answered during the scramble. “Shit.” Jack peeked a curious eye at her. Claire put the phone up to her ear. “What do you want? I’m busy.”
“Oh, that’s why your dress up trunk was out.”
He took a bite, and Cas’ entire face pinched like he was trying to sort and identify every molecule in his mouth.
They walked around for a while before coming close to the right section. The store felt like a labyrinth. Claire turned to peek around the aisles. “Do you see Cas anywhere?”
.” Cas leaned back in his chair.
Overwhelmed was an understatement. Despite spending the car ride with her stare glued out the window in silence, Mary felt like an exposed nerve that had been thrashed with steel wool. If she closed her eyes she could still see things as she knew it: a house with a yard, laughter bouncing off the walls, toy cars on stair steps, hope in the mirror reflection. Her life wasn’t perfect, but it was hers.
Sighing, she put her arms out to take him. Cas bit his bottom lip.
“Hello, Claire.”
Please leave a comment telling me anything. About the fic. Fun facts. I enjoy them all. Or come to icefire149.tumblr.com and yell about spn with me daily. See you all next week!
Nodding, that information about the nephilim amazed her. He blinked, focusing on her again. “Cl? Cllllll-la?”
“I’m serious,” Dean pressed. “Like yeah, things don’t always go as we planned. I sure as hell know Chuck didn’t plan on being fired and left in the dirt, but….the point is that, you’re probably the best guy in existence.”
His gaze slid over to the rear-view mirror for probably the thousandth time today. Still, there in his eye line was Jack sleeping in his car seat. The sight unnerved him every time.
Jack peeked an eye open and it glowed an unnaturally bright gold. Claire banged into the doorway flinching. New tears bubbled in his eyes.
“That doesn’t mean I’m wrong, and I’m not.”
He’d just gotten the brush out of the trunk when he heard the crunching of footsteps approaching.
He opened his mouth, but then the more important situation crashed down on top of Dean. There were only a couple hours until trick-or-treat started and there wasn’t a single piece of candy in the entire house. He ate all the candy
“Thank you.”
“What happened?” Dean’s stare bounced back and forth between everyone. He slowly sat up, and Jack collided into him first.
Every muscle in Mary’s body felt twitchy. Closing her eyes, she didn’t move from where she stood in the room. She longed for home.
The soft smile on Cas’ face grew. “I know. I know. We’re supposed to be off the grid hiding.” Cas dug his cell phone out of his coat’s inside pocket. He looked at the black screen before looking back at the baby. “It’ll only be for a minute. And after all this time there’s no way anyone is watching close enough to find us, right?”
Mary sighed, trying to understand the angel her son carefully laid in this room. She couldn’t imagine how they found each other, and how her son came to care about him so completely. Hopefully, he could forgive her one day. Both of them. “Tell Dean, that if him or his brother decide to play god and mess with the fabric of things again…..the price will be to kill the person they love most. The price will be blood.”
Jack’s fingers gripped the material of Cas’ pant leg tightly. Their face was buried in the material. “Nooooooo!”
That’s when he noticed Eileen standing in front of him with a widening grin. “Hey-hi…” He fumbled forgetting to sign altogether. Visibly deflating, Dean moved out of the way to let her in.
“Once more, perhaps?”
“Of course,” Cas answered without a second thought. Yawning into the seat he added, “Since the fires of Hell, I’ll always watch over you.”
A sudden chill crept up Claire’s spine. “Oh.”
The corner of Cas’ mouth twitched. “Yes.”
Cas didn’t respond, and Dean didn’t loosen his grip. Instead, he tightened it, but spoke with a note of levity. “And how many times do I gotta tell you that the bunker is your home too?”
“Yeah,” Jack sighed. Their cheeks puffed out in anger. “I still just wanna be a dinosaur.”
“It’s crazy how fast he’s learning,” Claire said just before she took another bite. She mumbled while she chewed. “You weren’t kidding.”
When she circled back to the living room, Cas was already there and sorting the clothes. He glanced at her over his shoulder with furrowed eyebrows. “Did you take the notebooks? They’re not here.”
Startled, Claire was dizzily out of bed and on her feet before her brain had even caught up to what was happening. The piercing cry from elsewhere in the house was making it hard to focus and had her heart racing. Her hip painfully banged into the corner of the drawers as she tried to make it to the door in the dark. She flung it open just to witness Cas bolting into the nursery.
Jack ran back over to Cas and wrapped themself around one of the angel’s legs. They looked up at him with a big smile, but Cas still had his stare locked on Dean.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Do I look like I know how to cook? Angels don’t need to eat.”
An hour and a half later the three of them were standing outside of a large, chain store supermarket. Mesmerized, Jack’s eyes widened with excitement. “Daa!” He glanced at Cas and then immediately back at the building in front of them. “Daaa!”
“I….I eventually broke through the rabid behavior, but I was still at the mercy of Rowena removing the spell completely. And she was persuaded to do so, but it did have lasting affects…” Cas wouldn’t meet Claire’s eye. He was carefully choosing his words. “The spell might have killed me in the long term, but it did dig deep into my being and shredded everything it touched. I’m grateful Sam and Dean were there for me during that time. The recovery was...longer than I would have liked.”
“Shh.” Claire closed her mouth and blinked. Cas continued. “Yes, he has wings. He doesn’t quite know...what they can….”
“Mmhmm.” Cas had to fight to keep the smile off his face. He couldn’t quite pinpoint why her comment made him want to smile so wide. The last thing he was expecting was Claire suggesting they share it. He found it quite...endearing.
Dean started rolling the sleeves until Jack had use of their arms again. “Take a look in the mirror and tell me what you think. I can think of something else if you don’t like it.” Chewing the inside of his cheek, he hoped that it wouldn’t come to that. He didn’t want to permanently alter the jacket.
“Why?”
She still deserves to know! She was texting, wondering why Cas wasn’t responding to her calls.
Her gaze bounced between the two angels. Claire frowned. “I’ve never really been around a baby before. I’m not sure what to say to him.”
“No, I’m afraid not.” He answered in an even tone. “Like I said before, angels aren’t supposed to…..Jack here, is considered an abomination by their standards. A child of his power has never lived this long. There’s no telling what he’s capable of.”
“Nah. You might need a shopping cart though.”
“Yikes.”
Cas’ lips crashed into his for several heartbeats before the angel pulled back. Lightly, he pinched Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth.
“So what’s the big mission that has you hiding in the woods?”
She nodded. “So, rip the band-aid off. How’d you do it?”
“Yeah, but do you have the exorcism chant memorized? Or recorded? Can you make hex bags? Draw various devil traps? Read any Latin or Enochian? Tracking spells? Draw angel banishing-”
The plan was always to save him. They weren’t supposed to lose. If Dean could make it through the mark obviously an Angel should be able to, right? Cas is antsy and Dean still won’t say out loud what they’re all thinking: there’s not much time left.
“I need you to come here. Right now.”
Mary came closer, but at the same time continued to keep her distance. Her hands clutched the lip of the table.
He wasn’t looking at anyone in particular. Jack’s eyebrows were furrowed. “I don’t have….I, um…do you think my mom would’ve done the same?”
“That’s why we drove an hour away?”
“Well, yeah bud. It’s freaking freezing out there.”
"I'm not a mender." The words rolled off her tongue. "I was raised to hunt, and kill, and hide...." Her gaze fell to her hands. She could still feel the blood under her nails, weighing her down. "I tried to be different. To be normal, but I can't stop destroying, and losing, and failing everyone I love."
Several emotions – confusion, grief, fear, and curiosity – flashed across her face. “I don’t think anyone’s ever had reason to try.”
“Dean, who is that?”
Wincing, Cas nodded. “You asked me earlier….or rather,
“You’ve been doing good so far. Maybe they won’t find you,” Claire said, leaning her elbows on the table. She rested the side of her face in the palm of her hand.
He pulled it out with one hand and slapped the trunk closed with the other. When Dean pivoted he was eye to eye with Cas.
Her heart sank. Of course it was the Dean who walked away with a gun aimed high. “There’s….there’s a body in here,” Mary’s voice shook.
“Again?” Claire coughed. Cas hummed in response. Claire continued, “We need to go back to that later. Keep going.”
Dean curiously leaned forward. “Dude, how many hands do angels normally have?”
Cas looked at him bewildered. "Thank you, Dean."
Jack sighed. “A Jack-o-saurus, remember? Half me and half dinosaur. And I’m half angel.”
Cas’ expression twisted in confusion. He didn’t move, but he did release some of the weight he was pressing into Dean. When Dean only laughed harder at his confusion he momentarily considered what it would be like to throw Dean through the building’s wall.
,” Cas begged.
“Sammy!” Dean called. “Cas!”
“Jack!” Cas yelled, and he stopped moving. Jack buried his face and hands into Claire’s jacket.
“You have
“Okay….” He closed his eyes. Cas couldn’t fault her for that. “What
Jack babbled a long stream of noise. Cas smiled softly and nodded along. When Jack was done, he rolled onto his tummy and busied himself reaching for a colorful disk shaped toy. It was something Kelly had insisted on. Cas didn’t quite understand it, but Jack seemed to enjoy chewing on them instead of stacking them.
After that, they both went back to their thoughts. They were almost back at the cabin when Claire spoke again. “Should we go?”
“Don’t be.” Claire shook her head. “Things suck, but I’m glad I met Jody, and Alex, Sam and Dean.” Her eyes looked sad, but there was a soft smile fighting to stay on her face. “Jack...and you.”
Dean deepened the kiss, opening his mouth more and bucking his pelvis up against the angel. Cas pressed harder into his mouth, but before his free hand found it’s mark-
Despondent, Claire was about to head back upstairs to change when she heard the sound of something plastic hitting the floor. Oh. The kitchen. Claire felt the tension loosen in her shoulders.
Defensive, Claire crossed her arms. “The sword is basically a hunting equivalent to a Swiss army knife.”
“Did you tell anyone that you were coming here?”
Why was she even here? For what purpose? From the very moment she laid eyes on
to use bad words?” Jack reached forward, trying to grab the curls of her hair. He missed.
“Be right back then,” Claire said hopping up and leaving the room. On her way through the house she glanced at Jack sound asleep in his play pen. He was on his back, and the foot of a stuffed lion toy was clenched in his tiny fist. Amused, Claire shook her head and continued upstairs to her other duffle bag.
Her eyes widened for a split second, and she shook her head. “Nothing.”
Dean shoved the laptop further up the bed and pushed forward. He manhandled Cas and the pillows until the angel was comfortable again. Cas glared the entire time. When he was finished, Dean started the movie up again, putting himself and the laptop back into position.
. He was never more grateful than he was in that moment for that scarf obscuring the shape of the next three words his mouth took.
It took Dean less than five seconds for his brain to pull up an itemized list of all the not-very-kid-friendly things hidden in that room. His face burned red.
“It was the only way to keep you alive at the time. And I thought….I thought that by leaving I was giving you a clean start without any complications.”
Cas took the next turn down a desolate back road. He then turned to her. “You’re not supposed to rob family.” Claire raised her eyebrows at that. Frustrated, he glared at the road. “Do as I say, not as I do.”
Crossing the room, Claire got a better look at Jack. He was holding a small, red, plastic bowl in his hands. The closer she got the higher he raised the bowl, hiding his face. She stopped at Cas’ side.
Gobsmacked, Dean blinked. “Retire?”
“That’s not the point!”
Smiling softly, the tension drained away from Cas’ body. “Thank you, Jack. That’s an honor.”
“It’s the bare minimum.” Cas sat back down in his seat. He still had the palms of his hands resting on the cool table.
“I felt it….when I healed you. Everything,” Jack confessed quietly. “Your heart gave out.”
“Hey,” Dean tried cutting through Cas’ frustration with himself. “You had no idea what Sam was gonna do.”
Today though was different. Cas was busy at the kitchen sink washing dishes when he heard a whisper.
“I’ll fully reimburse you the gas money. Just get driving,
“You’re asking an awful lot,” Dean shook his head. He could still vividly remember the days where he honest to God thought that living past 30 was a pipedream, and now, Cas was expecting him to see his 90s….
“Maintaining customs, holiday traditions in this case are incredibly important to humans. I didn’t want to overstep or interfere.”
. Dean raised his hands in defeat. “Don’t worry about it. It’s okay.”
He froze.
Rolling his eyes, Cas pushed past him and swiftly exited the room.
“Thanks,” Claire mumbled, biting the inside corner of her bottom lip. She rolled the plastic bag in her hands. Inside was the black bomber jacket with the blue stripe down the sleeves and the galaxy shirt Jack picked out. Some tiny part of her just couldn’t leave them behind.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded with a grin. “I’ve been bugging Sam for a couple years now about retiring…..especially if Jack could make things better…like the future that you saw.”
“Just keep it cool,” Dean mumbled to himself as he tried to slip through the house unnoticed. His hand was reaching for the dish where his keys live these days when his foot smashed into something hard. “SON OF A FFFFF-” He gasped in air as the pain radiated up his leg and brought tears to his eyes.
The worst was when his hands shook uncontrollably in the dirt and ash outside of Kelly’s cabin in North Cove. Dean waited from the moment the light extinguished from Cas’ eyes all the way until the final coals cooled for a miracle. He waited for Cas to rise. He waited for his world to start spinning again.
She reached forward and lightly patted Dean’s cheek. “My dear, I can swing anything, but it’d be new magic. Old magic, new technique…..something that’s never been done before. It’ll take time.”
The corner of his mouth twitched. “I told you in the past that angels can pick up on more than just verbal prayers. Longing. Strong feelings of intent. They’re like…..indirect prayers.”
Groggy, Claire rolled over in bed and realized the room was teetering on being too warm. Almost suffocating. She sat up and opened her eyes. Bright rays of sunlight were coming in the windows and a part of her wished thick curtains or blinds would appear so she could go back to sleep.
They sat there in silence after that. Eyes closed, Claire leaned her head back against the glass of the window. “Thanks….for you know, telling me…”
“Yeah, you don’t get more married than that.”
“Mostly,” Dean continued after clearing his throat. “I remember her winding a big scarf around my neck and then my face. And then….how nice it was to keep my face hidden from the cold.”
The grin drooped. “
“That’s fair. One point to Castiel.”
“I mean, I know it’s a rare thing, but Cas might actually cry. Your house is might get egged!”
And so Dean spent hours digging. They had to be sure no one would dig Cas up. They had to be sure there was enough dirt to add weight down on the lid. He refused to let Sam help until the box had to be lowered.
His hands curled around the handle, and he turned the cart around.
She pivoted on her heels, turning around. “Yeah?”
“Clll-AIR.”
Dean visibly winced at that. “Okay.” He raised his hands in surrender, but his fingers felt wrong.
A painful laugh tore from his throat. “You really need to introduce him to….honestly anyone would be a better role model.”
Jack ran past Cas and took the corner to crash into Dean’s legs, latching their arms like a vice grip around him. “Dee! You can’t leave. It’s Halloween!”
Thank you so much for reading <3 Each and every comment fuels me to keep going and stay focused. So please leave one even if it's just a fun fact or come to icefire149.tumblr.com to yell about spn with me. I hope you're all having a good day and I'll see you in the next one <333
” He wrapped a hand around to the small of the angel’s back. In an instant the side of the mattress was pressed against Cas, and the angel let him with an amused grin.
The man rolled his eyes. “So why are you moping around? Who else did you manage to piss off recently?” He made his way over to the shelves where he knew there would still be some bottles stashed. “You wouldn’t suppose Lucifer limped his way back from where ever Amara threw him?”
“What you’ve been seeing is guilt. Since the moment you left I’ve felt like shit. Like I…..” But instead of finishing that thought, Dean sucked it back in. He sighed. “I shouldn’t have told you to go, and I’ll be able to explain soon.”
“…….Hunting.”
With wide eyes, Cas pushed forward searching Dean’s face for any sign of life. “He was…..Sam, he was just-”
Cas’ eyes narrowed in confusion. “
(See the end of the chapter for
Billie smiled. “Precisely, and since then your family has torn hole after hole.”
Castiel sighed, accepting defeat. He walked into the first stall and pulled the curtain. A short while later he was eyeing himself in the mirror.
-blue one,” Dean answered.
Slowly, Dean realized his hands were now pinned over his head. The pressure increased as Cas moved forward. His breath was hot against Dean’s skin.
Eileen shook his forearm firmly, realizing that she was losing him to his mind.
Dean panicked trying to spot him anywhere. His gut led him to the small diner across the street. He drove over, parked, and peeked in the window. All he could see was red. His stomach twisted as he flew inside. Standing in the center was Cas. His back was to Dean. There were a handful of bodies on the floor. And yet Dean ran to him, placing a hand on his shoulder. Cas! But Castiel reacted and grabbed Dean’s hand, throwing him painfully over his shoulder. Dean cracked into the floor and he was certain that his shoulder was at minimum dislocated. Cas, please. His voice cracked as he looked up at the angel looming over him. For now that was enough. The look in Cas’ eyes shifted back closer to what it’s been. Oh, I’m sorry Dean. He reached a hand forward and healed Dean’s injury. A wave of nausea crashed into Dean. Even Cas’ grace felt wrong.
The angel’s eyes narrowed and his jaw clenched. “I didn’t realize that’s how you were planning on spending Halloween
The anger fell from Cas’ face. “Oh, no. No, no, no,” he muttered, dropping the bag on the floor and gently placing his hands on either sides of Dean’s face. “To the store,” he spoke clearly. “I’ll need to go to the store and buy something sweet for the kids. Otherwise they’re going to egg your car.”
“Good.” Cas looked around again. They were still alone. “Let’s bring your stuff inside. I want to see what kind of arsenal you’re working with.”
Cas stood next to the crib. He gently swayed back and forth on his feet while he held Jack tightly to his chest. Jack’s little fists held onto the material of Cas’ coat for dear life. “Shhh. Shhh. You’re okay. You’re okay, Jack. Shhh.”
When Cas was done, Jack pouted. Cas turned to see Claire still watching him. Her fruit-cup was mostly untouched. He raised an eyebrow questioningly.
and tore apart tons of trees in the wooded area. He couldn’t imagine what the sight was that Sam saw on the news.
“Oh, there you are,” Cas said taking the corner. He spotted Eileen and she waved. “Happy Halloween,” he signed.
The moment Cas sat down in the box a wild look started flooding his eyes. Dean’s voice came out in a shaky whisper. I’ll fix this. You’ll be better soon. I swear. I won’t leave you like this.
“I’m so sorry. I-I…” Cas reached a hand out but stopped halfway between them. Looking away, he withdrew his hand. His next words tumbled out in a whisper. “Of course I would have called you….I wasn’t able to when things went….badly...I’m sorry. That’s a poor excuse.”
“What would that even do to him?”
After a quiet pause. “Sooo...does this place have decent WiFi?”
It was only a few days later when Sam had to talk Dean out of digging Cas up. It was a couple days after that, that Sam had a bad feeling in his gut when Dean left to go pick up a pizza. He took one of the other cars and found Dean digging. After that Sam had to hide all the shovels. Not that it helped. About a week later, Sam was so tired from trying to keep an eye on Dean. He felt asleep for a little while. Of course, he found Dean where they buried Cas. He was on his knees clawing at the dirt with his fingers. Drunk. Sobbing. Mumbling incoherent apologies.
Hi everyone and a late happy mother's day! I hope you're all doing really well. Just as a HEADS UP: I've been doing my best to keep a once a week schedule going on this fic, but I can't guarantee there will be one next week. I'd like to for Jack's birthday. That's the goal. I've been trying to stay a few chapters a head, but life bit me pretty good. I'm caught up for the most part. Chapter 8 is a couple pages at the moment and I have so much more to write. I'm not walking away from this fic and PLEASE come bug me about it on tumblr. Or leave comments here. It really does help me focus on writing. My day job is being a freelance writer too, and at the moment I have a new script that's keeping me busy as well. Obviously it has to be prioritized over this baby, but once things free up (and hopefully soon) I'll be back with new chapters. Please subscribe so you don't miss anything.
“Now what were we talking about again, Jack?” Cas said glancing at Claire out of the corner of his eye. Claire shook her head, watching the exchange. He turned his attention back to Jack.
“Initially, he asked for a sign….because Dean’s losing hope. I personally disagree, but-”
Home was supposed to be safe. This was supposed to be a home. The memory of blood twisted her gut. She lost her parents at home. She lost John....her babies..…
“Of course. I can feel him each and every day. Sam’s wrong. He’s angry.” Cas’ grip on the steering wheel tightened. “And I’m not calling him…”
“And Dean nee-the whole world needed Amara gone. To do that we needed Lucifer. So I said yes.”
Lost in thought only a single word Cas said penetrated into his skull. “Leave?” The word slipped quietly from Dean’s lips, but there was no missing it. His chest started to ache as his pulse picked up to a mile a minute.
He turned his gaze back to Jack. “So...you’re saying that his vocabulary is advanced?” Claire failed at stifling her next laugh. Cas raised an eyebrow.
Dean took it without question. It was then that he noticed Cas’ tie looped around Jack’s neck. Turns out the
Chuckling, Claire pulled the comforter off and saw that the sheets were only somewhat tucked in. One of the corners still needed to be done. She figured it was a miracle Cas even knew the rough order of fitted sheet, top sheet, and blanket.
Cas patted the cushion next to him. “Join us and I’ll give you the short version.”
“Yes,” Cas said with a deadly serious aura. “I’ve done the math, several times.”
And yet, she never planned on giving her boys that lesson. Any of it. She feared to ask that question burning in her gut: when did that change?
“Oh.” He looked back at Dean, silently asking for help. Dean shrugged, and Cas squeezed Jack’s hand.  “Well, let’s go look for it together then.”
Claire’s lip twitched. “That’s...uh..a high bar.”
“Mon...st..ers?” Claire spoke slowly like she wasn’t sure if they were on the same page. “You know...like what the Winchesters do.”
“I’m fine.”
“Well-”
After a quiet pause, Claire bit the inside of her cheek. “Okay. So he’ll see the credit card charge. Sam gets his prayer answered.”
Jack turned to face him. He frowned.
“-now I’m gonna have to leave and possibly miss seeing Jack going around the neighborhood because-”
It was several weeks later when Cas was having a miserable day. The mark made him horribly irritable. Cas struck him so hard that Dean out of instinct stuck Cas back. And the smile that contorted Cas’ face was monstrous. He struck Dean harder this time. He hit the floor and coughed up several mouthfuls of blood from the force of it. Still, Dean reached a hand out. His fingers clutched the bottom of Cas’ pant leg. Cas. Tone down the strength. And Cas kicked him so hard that his ears were ringing. But Dean again reached for him.
Her whole body drooped as she sighed. “Great.”
Coughing, Dean put his beer down and raised his hands, hoping that Cas would calm down. “Do you realize how old I’d be?”
“Are you….
badly.”
Jack frowned, sticking his bottom lip out.
That night had a difficult start. Jack reluctantly left for Heaven. He promised to return for the following weekend to discuss his duties further with Cas. And Cas, he held onto his son for so long that Jack in between his laughter had to appeal to Sam and Dean for help getting free.
“I know.” Claire’s voice was quiet. She put the empty soup container in the cup holder between the front seats and slid the crumb covered plate onto the dashboard. “Loo-”
"No, it's too soon. I-"
When Claire had regained control over her laughter, she was leaning heavily against the store shelves. Her face was red and her whole abdomen hurt from laughing so hard. Cas and Jack watched her with identical bewildered looks.
“I do,” Claire answered immediately. She wasn’t expecting that. “That doesn’t mean it has to be your forever look. What you what matters too.”
“Can you buy the candy
"Why didn't you come back?"
Claire snorted and laughed. “Arsenal is a strong word.”
“Birthing nephilim is fatal. Always.”
“Fine,” Dean exhaled. “You got me, I need help then finishing this.”
“No, it didn’t.” Contemplative, Cas looked down at the baby in his lap. Jack leaned back into him and started tugging at Cas’ dark blue tie. “We tried, but…like I said, the cracks in Heaven’s walls….and they ran deep. Those at the very top. The ones giving orders, they
Crossing her arms, Claire shot Cas a pointed look. “So you’ve been holding out on me?”
Cas sat down at the table. “Are you okay with making a shopping run today? We have a long list of things to pick up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Rowena’s eyes lit up, and she gave Dean another pat. “I like you so much more when you and your brother aren’t trying to shackle me, or kill me.”
"Like I said," Billie answered. "There are consequences. It wasn't his time, and yet, he's gone." Her gaze slid over to Mary. "Her time ended decades ago, and yet, she breathes."
Of course, Dean.
“Uh….” It was like a record scratch in his head. Dean promised Cas way back in early September when he asked if he could shop and decorate to the nines for Halloween not to touch the candy. The last thing he wanted was to piss Cas off on a day that’s supposed to be about Jack. “I….I realized I needed to go on a beer run.”
It didn't take long to get all the shopping bags in the house. With the heel of her boot, Claire held the front door open for Cas. She knew it was because of his angel powers, but she was still silently impressed by his carry-it-all-at-once-I'm-only-making-one-trip game.
“Noooo Daa,” Jack whined while his chin was wiped again.
I hope this chapter makes up for the wait! I'm incredibly fond of the tiny moments. Like Cas' orange sweater and the fact that he braved cooking just to make Claire feel better. This chapter honestly took me for a ride. I had a few paragraphs written that will likely be the start of chapter 11 now, and next thing I knew I was like let's backtrack a moment. Then that moment kept going and going, and then Claire burst. I'm so glad the story surprised me this way. We finally started to touch on the things I badly wanted to explore in this story. Cas and Claire are both trying their best, but there's only so much you can do when they're both kind of a mess. But finally, there's some communication going on! They made it through their first road bump. I can't wait to see where chapter 11 takes me next.....
Distressed, Cas’ gaze snapped over to her. “I’m so sorry we were too noisy. Did you get enough sleep?”
“I’m laughing because it’s fucking hilarious how married you two are without realizing it.”
Mary’s breath got stuck in her throat. “Then my decision is made for me.”
Turning back to the road, Dean reached a hand out blindly until it connected with the sleeve of Cas’ coat. “There’s nothing to be that upset about, your heart was in the right place.”
Cas crossed his arms. He didn’t answer. She continued, “You have a beautiful family. I got caught up watching them. They reminded me of mine when they were little.”
Please leave a comment. Let me know your thoughts on the story or leave a fun fact. Have a fantastic day! <3
Despite the blanket of night, there was still enough moonlight filtering in that there was no missing the way Cas’ eyes widened. But, he still didn’t dare pause. He followed orders and leaned forward, slowly.
try to make up for lost time?”
a baby?”
? How do you reproduce? Osmosis?”
There was all hot wave and then all bitter tang on Mary's tongue. She thinks she bit it. Billie's words were echoing in her head. Dean looked at her the way he did because........she never saw past 1983, didn't she?
“I’m not getting sicker, you know that.” He tried to readjust his head and back, but the pillows weren’t laying right. Cas scowled. “Rowena removed the spell. I’ll heal in time. I can’t go backwards. Nothing to worry about.”
The man took a few steps towards Mary. Observing her far too closely. “So…why are we here? Celebration perhaps? I’m afraid to tell you that we already dug into the booze shortly after we last saw you.”
“Okay,” Dean conceded.
Let me know what you thought of this week's chapter. I know Cas probably didn't react the way you thought, and believe me, I spent a long time making this decision. I'm personally really fond of how it turned out. (This totally won't get this family into trouble now....will it?)
Dean walked around the car and stopped closer to Cas. “I’m gonna need more than that. What’s up?”
“Oh.” Cas sat up straighter and glanced around the room. “I can draw them out for you, but…” He frowned. “We’re going to need to buy some pens and paper.”
“So where’s the archangel? Shouldn’t they be here?”
"A small price to pay for a gift this sweet," Amara answered simply. "Losing her tore a hole in Dean that he has never been able to mend. He can now."
“Okay!” Claire burst. She put the juice box down on the table. Her voice softened. “Okay, I get it.”
She had a feeling this house had potential to be a home. Replaying the sound of Jack’s laughter in her mind, Claire was happy that Cas found this place.
Dean opened his eyes. “Chuck’s put him back together before,” his voice croaked. She held the glass out, but he shook his head. “I don’t know why he’s taking so damn long to answer. I don’t know where he went with Amara.”
“No,” Cas frowned. “Um...uh, well, to a degree, yes. I’ll never forgive myself for the wrongs I’ve done, but my guilt isn’t why I care...or why I want to see you succeed at something that I hear you enjoy a lot.” That got Claire to glance back at him. “I see you as my friend and as my family. Just like Sam, and Jack, and Dean. And...things have been hectic since I last saw you. A part of me honestly called you here, because I missed you.”
“I’m an expert at messing up….heh, well, everything in my life, but yeah, of course Jack. Of course, I missed you.”
Stunned, it took Claire a moment to speak. “If you weren’t hiding from Heaven...you could talk to my parents?”
“Amara,” Dean answered. He pointed his thumb in the woman’s direction. “The bomb’s gone. Chuck and her worked their crap out. Then-” His eyes turned to Mary. “-she decided to leave me a gift and they left.”
Glancing over at Claire again, he saw that she was dozing off on her feet. Cas crossed the room and put a light hand on her shoulder. “It’s okay. You can go back to bed.” She jumped awake.
, our son, become God,” he growled in between beats, letting his eyes trail up to Dean’s face. “You promised,
“Things change. Now did you want something?”
, but...
Mary crossed her arms, discretely eyeing the room for possible weapons. "What are you doing here?"
“Cas, come on.” Dean sighed. “Okay, you did your big speech about how you see me….well suck it up, because you need to learn to see yourself the way everyone else sees you.”
"I'm here to put out the fires. Someone has to try, at least."
“Why?” Claire’s eyebrows furrowed. “You have an entire bedroom.”
Pressing his chin into Dean’s shoulder, Jack collapsed into him. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”
Reading books, watching videos, taking online classes were all
“Oh, believe me-” Cas turned to face her. The baby hand print was perfect on the side of his face. “He does.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare him.” The woman took a small step closer.
Jack frowned. They looked at Dean like he grew three heads all of a sudden. “The
“I know,” Dean cut in. “It’s heavy and I’m not aiming for any kind of big emotional moments here, but…with Michael trapped-” He tapped the side of his head with his left index finger. “I figure I don’t have a lot of time.”
Claire nodded and started weaving her way back to the cart before Jack could answer.
Everything was
“Did he say where they’re going?”
What felt like a life time later, he remembered whispering almost the same words into his brother’s hair as he bled out in his arms. I love you. I’ll fix this. I’ll bring you home.
Slowly, he withdrew his hand from the empty, plastic candy bag and closed the kitchen cabinet. His bottom lip twitched as his eyes slid over to the overly cheery, baby animal themed calendar. Not even the memory of Cas’ frustration that led the calendar being duct taped to the wall could stop the wave of nausea in his gut. Today was Halloween.
She nodded. “So do you have any clothes ready for him?”
“-me help.” Dean started wrapping the scarf properly so Cas could duck the lower half of his face out of the chilly, winter air whenever he wanted.
Cas rolled his eyes. Jack watched their exchange curiously.
I imagine it would take a while for Cas to succumb to the mark, but I’d imagine Dean would see the difference immediately. I’m fine, Dean. I’m fine. I swear. But the gentleness that was always there when Dean looked at him….it was fading.
He was almost dizzy, but somehow he didn’t mind so much. A tiny part of him hoped that Cas actually could taste it.
Exasperated, Cas shook his head, but he pulled their hands an inch closer. He gently turned Dean’s hands over like he was inspecting every cell of skin. A soft smile tugged at the corners of Cas’ lips. “Jokes aside, much like your mother I did build this body with my own….well, more than two hands, but you get my point.”
“I wish I could do more to alleviate his pain.” His voice was so quiet that Claire almost missed it. Jack released her hand, and he squished his face into Cas’ chest again.
Something tightened in Dean’s chest. It was hard to remember sometimes that Jack was still just a little kid. Hell, he was probably the same age as Dean in the memory he was recalling. His bottom lip twitched. “Yeah, kid. Of course.”
A small chuckle escaped Dean. “No one’s bundled me up that much since…well, my mom.”
Rolling his eyes, Dean got ready for the day. He was tying his boots when the motel door opened, letting an icy gust into the room.
“He’s an
Cas’ eyebrows furrowed. “I...fail to understand how milk cartons would do anything.”
, look.
The rest of the drive went by without another word. Mary honestly didn’t know what to say. For the most part she just wanted to sleep and hopefully wake back up in 1983.
Claire rolled her eyes. “Whatever. Go on with the fashion show. Can’t wait to see what ugly thing you picked out next.”
His hands slowly and shakily unhooked Dean’s grip, lowering them. The scarf slid down Cas’ face as he momentarily glanced around the parking lot. Dean quickly forgot about the brief indescribable look in the angel’s stare, when a glimpse of Cas’ teeth caught his eye.
Mary’s jaw clenched. “
Dean didn’t talk after that. Well…at least not out loud. Sam would find him around the bunker with his lips quietly moving. It never surprised him. Cas was the only person Dean wanted anyways.
“Dean….is a bit of a revisionist.” A sad look flashed across Cas’ face before he looked back up at Claire. “But at that time, we were trying to stop the seals of Lucifer’s cage from breaking.”
“Crowley,” his pain was masked well. “I-Yeah, I know. Not dead. Long story. Get Rowena and meet me at the bunker
Cas leaned close, listening and feeling for breath against his skin. His mouth quivered as he sat up feeling for a pulse. “No,” his voice commanded.
The highest praise Cas got the entire afternoon was a double thumbs up when he stepped out in a fake leather jacket. Claire’s whole expression lit up. “You should get that one.”
The rest of the day felt almost too good to be true. They all climbed into the impala -Dean drove much to Sam’s dismay- and they went out to their favorite diner closest to the bunker.
“I bet Sam is hoping you’d feel safe enough to swing by the bunker while they’re gone.”
Dumbfounded, Cas nodded. The emotions swelling in his chest felt inordinate. Her words meant more to him than he knew how to express.
She opened her eyes. “Our lives are insane.”
Since the first time….when Cas was cut off from Heaven and falling, Dean had wondered what it’d be like to share with him. Humanity. A human life.
Dean pressed his back into the door and slid down until he hit the sweet spot to rest his head. “You’ll be here when I wake up, right?” He asked the empty silence.
Cas shifted his whole body as much as he could in the front seat to face her. “I was scared when you said you were hunting alone. The feeling was overwhelming.”
Claire was pushing him with the end of the carriage towards the changing rooms. Various articles of clothing were stacked high in his arms. There were even more tossed in the cart on top of Jack’s new clothes. “How else are we gonna know if we even picked out the right sizes if you don’t try them on?”
She wondered if he could tell that she stopped honeybee before it rolled off her tongue. Shaking it off, she continued, “Let’s look for some new clothes.”
Cas felt himself lean forward, wondering where the thought was going before Dean cut himself off. He strained to pick up any sound, but there was only silence.
“Well, I can’t watch you die for….
Claire fell into another fit of laughter that had her leaning too far back in her chair. She slammed forward before she knocked the whole thing over. The silliness of the moment had her laughing again, and Jack excitedly babbled louder. “I think the kid likes me.”
Gulping, Dean marched into the kitchen. He smiled weakly. “Everything okay?”
“Oh, so here we go! Hit me with the speech.”
“Daddy said I’d need to still wear a jacket.”
And they were. And so was Sam….and Dean. But not Kelly. It was inevitable. They all knew that, but still….Cas hoped that there would still be something he could try.
A small part of Dean wondered why Cas didn’t just walk away all together. There was no way either him or Sam could out muscle him. He could just leave, but Dean was grateful for every moment he remained right here. Always within eyesight. Maybe what was left of his Cas didn’t want to waste a single moment too.
“No,” Dean rubbed at the back of his neck. He went back over to his bed and sat down. “I mean, maybe. Don’t know if it’s the right kind of snow.”
“Is everything alright with Sam? I thought you two were coming together.”
gonna know I’m a dinosaur?”
“So you
Claire stopped abruptly. “It’s not going any- Oh.”
She winked for added measure and Dean stared at her dumbstruck. “Hopefully?”
There was a light chuckle above him. Dean cracked an eye open and caught the fond smile hooked on Cas’ face. The angel darted his gaze away, and Dean snapped his eyes shut again. His skin started prickling with heat.
It was a black t-shirt with swirls of blues and purples. Galaxies. Jack’s eyes grew wider staring at it.
They started walking towards the kitchen. “That’s not a very safe way to hunt, Claire.”
“Yeah.” Dean withdrew his hand and turned the car down the nearest exit. “You’re not wrong.” Basically since Jack was born they’ve been non-stop busy. The past few months in particular were miserable, for all of them.
“How could you misplace that eyesore? I thought you loved that thing.”
"Is he still here?" His voice boomed, and Mary couldn't stop her eyes from instinctually glancing at the door Dean went through.
“Dean is aware that I have an important mission.” Cas’ jaw clenched. “And besides, he is more than capable enough to reach me if he truly wants to speak to me. I doubt he’s forgotten how to pray since I last saw him.”
A few days later, Cas heard the rumble of a car approaching his secluded cabin. Holding Jack close in his arms, he peeked out the front window. “Okay honeybee, I need you to be on your best behavior.”
“Okay,” Claire said, taking a step back. “But you said it yourself. No one’s shown up since Jack was born. And you’ve warded us. There’s nothing else you can do.”
“Oh.” Cas adjusted Jack who was squirming in his arms. “Angels don’t have souls.”
“What?”
It was only a year ago that they stripped Chuck of his God power and claimed their freedom from his control. Since then every day felt like it was radically different from the last: Jack became the new God of Creation, Cas was resurrected and freed from the Empty, Cas became his…..
Sitting up straight, Claire’s expression morphed from jovial to serious. “Is that okay? Is it even safe with…”
“Where were you going to store your stuff upstairs: in the closet or the drawers? I don’t wanna get in the way while I’m borrowing the room.”
“No. You’ll never notice it.”
The sun was rising when they drove up to the small cabin in North Cove. Cas parked the car, but he didn’t move from his seat. Guilt was coiling and tightening around his throat for the entire drive, but it was only now with the house looming over him that he desperately felt like clawing for air. It wasn’t fair what happened to Kelly.
“In the future...if you decide that you want me around more...or less. Just ask.”
Jack nodded and stepped forward. Together they got the nephilim’s arms in the sleeves and the jacket adjusted the best they could. Frowning, Jack flapped one of their arms. The sleeves were way too long.
Cas got up and positioned himself to stand directly behind her. Claire closed her eyes. He placed his hands on the top of both of her shoulders for a few seconds, and then he went back to his chair.
Claire’s gaze fell to her lap. She felt a myriad of emotions bouncing around her head. It made her chest feel tight. “So….this
“Doing research. Providing assistance on the phones….that’s all still acceptable and I’m willing to compromise on that.”
“So what happened to the dino costume we decided on at the store a few weeks ago?” The kid’s expression pinched together in a way that reminded Dean so much of Cas that a shiver shot down his spine.
He started crossing the room towards Dean, but the toe of his shoe stepped on something that rolled under it. He looked down, and his cool demeanor cracked. “Where’s Castiel?”
“Anything, of course.”
"You," Billie answered simply. "Amara made a mistake."
Mary nodded in the direction of the table, and Dean pushed past her. His gun hit the floor with a loud crack. He froze in place half way to the body.
“You’re angry with me,” Cas cut in. “Disappointed too, I’d imagine. Honestly…..who isn’t?” He finally lifted his gaze and caught Dean’s eye. “Because of
The tension eased in Cas’ shoulders. He released Dean’s hands with a widening smile. “Let’s go. I’m not sure what would be suitable for a Christmas tree. Any ideas?”
Silently, they walked back the way they came and Mary didn’t fail to notice the way Dean refused to look in the direction of the wings. He pulled out a chair and sat.
Sam sighed. “I supervised him before I went on my run. He was making cookies.”
Claire shifted her gaze so she was looking out the windshield instead. Quietly, she turned his words over and over again in her head. She was still processing when she gave him a small nod. After a few more minutes she was ready to push that information aside for a while. She turned back to Cas. “So if Lucifer was walking around in…..well, where were you?”
Cas rolled his eyes.
Jack tugged on the tie until Cas turned his attention back. Cas started prying Jack’s fingers off again, but he latched on with his other hand. “Honeybee, if you don’t let go you won’t be allowed to sit in the cart.”
"Dean?"
Nodding, Cas turned his attention to Jack. With his free hand, he lightly held onto one of Jack’s hands. “I need you to listen well, honeybee. We need to wait until we get home before we do any more moving things with our minds business.”
Cas frowned. “That does sound like Sam.”
“Your wish is received. Loud and clear,” Cas said getting up and crossing the room to Jack’s playpen. It was made of rainbow pastel colored panels with star decorations. He placed Jack down in the safety of the pen, and then Jack immediately latched onto the foot of a plush lion doll.
just for today in excitement for their first normal Halloween. For their first Halloween
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you think it’s enough to build a snowman?”
Cas’ eyes trailed down to the fabric between his fingers. “Maybe,” he answered after a short, meditative pause.
Cas shook his head. “That doesn’t even begin to cover it.”
Claire rolled her eyes, and pushed the front door open. “Yeah, yeah. I get it now.” Cas followed her into the house. She went to the staircase and paused on the bottom step again. Her eyes found his. “I’ll consider it when you start doing the same.” She went upstairs, leaving Cas confused in the living room.
“Isn’t that one a bit big on you now?” Dean asked, remembering the jacket well.
“Yeah,” Dean’s tone was fond. “It’s a long story.”
Cas shook his head. “No.”
Cas crossed his arms as his gaze traveled from the keys back to Dean’s sheepish grin. “Were you going somewhere?”
His throat hurt like he was suffocating on the pyre’s smoke. Dean’s gaze slid back to Cas, and he was able to breathe deep again. Cas studied him like he was desperately trying to uncover what horrors he was reliving again, so Dean downed the last of his drink, but he couldn’t bear to break the eye contact. Like a part of him was still afraid that Cas would turn to ash dusting the meadow’s flowers once again.
“I think we’ve all been a bit too preoccupied.”
Dean nodded, but then he remembered the phone call. He then shook his head no, confusing the angel. “Sammy said the store is fresh out of candy.”
.” His voice dropped to a quiet muttering by the end.
She took both, and got herself situated with the plate in her lap and the soup container in her hands. But  Claire stopped herself before digging in. She eyed the grilled cheese cautiously. Only one corner looked like it was auditioning to be a piece of charcoal. “Did...you cook? Like actually made this from scratch?”
Sam decided that night that he would hang onto the impala keys. Dean spent more of his time after that drunk. His moods wildly swung from anger to sobbing mess. Any time he looked at Sam it was becoming more and more strings of: Why did you let this happen? Why didn’t you just bury me in that damn box too?
Jack continued to change into their dinosaur costume. The bulky material was a bright lime green and Dean was silently thankful for that. He figured that if they got separated somehow that he’d be able to spot that color from a mile away.
“Are you sure?”
Claire raised an eyebrow. “Walk?”
Dean tried to smile, but his mouth felt wrong. He shrugged. “Felt like you and the kid were having a moment. Besides I really need to get baby ready to go.”
“Are you….
Cas looked down at himself. He did quite enjoy the look and feel of this one. Glancing back at Claire, he knew this was suited more to her taste. “Are you sure we shouldn’t just buy it for you to wear instead?”
“Who’s Jack?”
“You’ll all have an important place,” Jack continued happily. “Mary too. And my mother.”
“I know I’ve screwed up more than any of us could have predicted, which is….impressive in it’s own way, but….I’m glad that you have Jack.”
Chapter Nine
Gripping the front handle of the cart, Claire bounced forward and cracked the end of the cart into Cas’ gut. “Unlimited!”
“Thank you for...being understanding,” Cas said gently.
Already, only Dean’s eyes and the top of his head was uncovered. He could smell the familiar scent of Cas’ favorite coffee order as he breathed in.
, because he has the best father to emulate. There’s nobody else that fights….and sacrifices…to do the right thing like you.”
“Then
“Yes.”
,” Dean snapped forcefully. “Castiel….”
Castiel tensed. “What?” He leaned forward, studying the view in front of them.
Silently, Cas studied her for a moment. His head tilted to the side. “Thank you.”
, because you’ve been taking care of him.” Exasperated, Sam shook his head and left the kitchen. He didn’t have an ounce of energy left to walk Dean through his new crisis.
“Oh.”
Come find me at icefire149.tumblr.com  I'm a sucker for this fic and chatting about spn in general. Thank you so much for reading and please leave a comment. It keeps me energized to write more. Even if you're just telling me a fun fact. Have a good day!!! <3
“Of course.” He looked at her incredulously. “I don’t know anything about babies. Especially-” They both glanced at the cart. Jack smiled softly. “-nephilim. I’m...uh, figuring it out as I go.”
“What are you talking about?” Dean turned his attention away from the road, glancing over at Cas.
“I don’t know,” Jack answered, not looking up from his phone. “He left a note saying to wait inside until he got back.”
And before Dean knew it, he was being dragged back to Jack’s room. He sat down on the side of the nephilim’s bed again. “So what’s the plan?”
“Yes. We’ll both be here when you wake up.”
He turned to glance at Jack. “That sounds ridiculous.”
Ever since she could remember, her parents prepared her for the world. Nothing was glossed over or simplified. The ways of hunting were straightforward. You save people. Mothers. Fathers. Daughters. Sons. Friends. Loved ones. They needed protection from the things that disrupted the natural order. It was a line drawn in the sand, and one she couldn't afford to touch.
“But Daddy,” Jack said staring up at him with big eyes. He tugged on Cas’ hand. “I was looking for your blue tie. I need it.”
The look on Amara's face softened. She sighed, "The world is far different now I'm told. I did this for both of you. A second chance. Don't you want to know your son?"
“Well yeah.” Claire pulled her legs up, crossing them. She then turned her whole body in Cas’ direction. “Jody told me Sam is like ready to tie him down so he’ll stop clawing at the walls. He’s trying to find you.”
“Good.”
"I think I'm starting to understand," Amara said like she was only partially considering it. She crossed over to the bed. Her head tilted, and she frowned. "What happened to the angel? Dean's attachment to him was immeasurable. Terrifyingly powerful." Her lip twitched.
Eyes wide with excitement, Jack hopped in place. “Yeah.”
Cas slightly tilted his head to the side. “
“Yes, but luckily not perfectly,” he said very matter-of-fact. “She calls it her
Their eyebrows pinched together. “I need my jacket. The old red one.”
Claire nodded in agreement. “She’s right. Jack should be allowed to be his entire self. No hiding. No changing or compromising for others.”
“You should ask him instead of making his decisions for him.”
Crossing her arms, Claire smirked. “Okay, so let’s go three for three. What about yours?”
“How are you paying for all of this?”
“I know. That’s why there’s no candy, Dean!”
An older woman standing over by the jackets jumped, startled. Claire narrowed her eyes. The woman smiled awkwardly. Jack clung closer, gripping tightly with his fingers.
“Is he okay?”
“It would soothe things,” Amara said. “Get us past this snag.”
“That’s where...it gets...uh, Dean...would call it
Cas pulled him in close, rocking and bouncing him. “Shhh, it’s okay.” He met Claire’s wide eyed stare. “We’re all okay. There’s no reason to be scared.”
“I believe that’s the trick part.
.” He tapped something on the screen and pocketed the device. Rubbing his neck, he argued, “I’m not going to upset her when he’ll be back….He’ll be back.”
“Fair point,” Claire said grabbing one of her duffle bags and slinging it on her shoulder. “I’ll see you when you’re done. Have fun with junior there.”
Cas took a deep breath. His gaze slid over to Jack’s sleeping form. “Dean and I didn’t part on good terms. I spent much of the past year tracking Jack’s mother. She wasn’t easy to find.” Cas’ head turned and he met Claire’s eye. He frowned. “And my original mission was to terminate the pregnancy.”
“I’ll be right back then,” Dean vowed, getting up. He lightly ruffled the swooping curl of sandy hair on the top of Jack’s head.
