"John, I hit my head and I was drunk - I have no idea what I said, but I don’t think you should take it seriously, whatever it was."
Brother William, who must have noticed my horror, grinned broadly, which was more than enough for me. I decided to turn back to the strange letter, or to what had just fallen out of the envelope.
"No, not at the beginning. We argued because he didn’t accept my decision. I made my testimony in the hospital and informed him immediately about my decision to dedicate my life to God. And he went away without saying a word. During the entire detox, and after that, I did not hear from him, no one knew where he had gone, he seemed to be swallowed up by the earth. I was endlessly sad because I couldn’t say goodbye but then I began to realize it was an opportunity. The abrupt separation made it easier for me to distance myself from all this. I missed him - but as a friend, not as ... well, you know ... "
When he snapped off the gloves and cleared away the supplies, John’s uneasiness returned. Sherlock had told him he loved him in his messages, but thus far this evening they’d both been tongue tied when it came to talking out their feelings. “Right, then. You’re all set. I’ll just head up now.”
I leaned over him, shining the flashlight into one eye, then into the other eye, the pupils contracting evenly - a good sign, after all. I asked him to stretch out his arms to the side and then touch the tip of his nose with his left and then with his right pointer finger. The right hand missed its goal.
But the three-day-beard kisses. Oh! the three-day-beard kisses are something else entirely. Intense, demanding, manly in a way that makes John’s toes curl before Sherlock even lays a hand on him. The scratch of wire-like whiskers at the edges of John’s lips, like tiny electrical probes sending sparks down John’s spine.
It was only when I was standing right in front of him that I realized how unjustly nature had distributed body size to us - he surpassed me by more than one head, so I felt like a frightened little schoolboy who was called to the rector. He, however, returned my almost timid greeting with a friendly nod, and went ahead into the garden.
That hurt. Never before had I felt so useless, so humiliated as in this moment. The facial features of the dark-haired man still seemed soft and almost a little sad, but at the same time he was serious about what he’d said.
The thought of Sherlock stroking them both together sent a jolt of fire to the pit of John’s stomach. His head dropped back against Sherlock’s and he groaned - loudly. “Oh, God, Sherlock!”
I must have responded to this comment with a rather stupid expression because Father Andrew burst out laughing.
They had dinner then spent the evening reading by the fire and not talking about the painful memories that seemed to hang in the air like ghosts of Christmas past.
Leisurely, I walked through the small room, inhaling the scent of the dried herbs hanging from the ceiling and looked around.The shelves on the wall held all sorts of glasses with herbal mixtures and tinctures, all carefully labeled in the swinging but delicate handwriting which I recognised as Brother William’s.
Snapping into action, Sherlock took the stairs two at a time and overtook Mrs. Hudson by the time she reached the top. He followed her down a hallway leading off to the right of the upstairs foyer and into the second doorway on the right. It was a spacious bedroom furnished with a large bed, dark wood dresser and nightstand.
The door was pulled into the lock with a soft click and my visitor vanished. I could not help feeling that I had just ruined everything even before it had begun and I was ashamed to have made the headstrong and incredibly fascinating young cleric feel embarrassed or even angry with my thoughtless remark. I could only hope that I would have the opportunity to atone for this in the next few days.
After all these confessions it was hard for me to go to sleep. I tossed restlessly, nodded off briefly, then woke up, looked at my watch and tossed and turned again. When the bells rang the next morning, I felt completely knocked out. I yawned, burying my nose in the pillow and just wanted to get a few more minutes of sleep, but it didn’t help - duty called, even if my job was different than usual.
"Someone I'm sure would fulfill his mission according to my instructions and would never betray me afterwards."
"You're fluent in sign language," I said unnecessarily, looking at Jonah in astonishment, who shrugged as if it were the most normal thing in the world.
"The police ... As if they could help me. They haven’t even managed to arrest my mother’s murderer, when there were several witnesses who have the license tag of the perpetrators’ car ... "
"There is a drug trafficking ring that usually operates from Northern Ireland and has its fingers in all sorts of dirty deals throughout the United Kingdom. These people are known to threaten people who are able to testify against their gang by sending orange pips and then clear them out of the way. So - is there something you want to tell me? "
Fascinated, I entered the large room whose bookshelves piled up so high they almost reached the ceiling. Yes, I would happily stay here for a long time, although searching for the usual trivial literature would be wasting time. While I gazed at the room, I noticed a seemingly still, quite young monk who was standing near one of the window recesses, engrossed in an apparently very old book while constantly making notes in a small blue booklet. Beside him on the windowsill various plants were laid out neatly on a wooden tray. Although he did not stand far away from us and he certainly must have overheard our conversation, he did not turn around but traced his long, slender fingers over the pages of closely written text while writing with the other hand. My mind was struck by his full, dark curls which fell into his eyes and whose disorder didn’t seem to fit his immaculate black habit, and by his - considering his height - extremely slender shape.
Placing a kiss on the tender skin behind John’s ear, Sherlock murmured, “Wait for me.”  Sherlock’s hand shifted. His thumb and forefinger formed a tight ring around the base of John’s cock. He held on tightly.
Flicking ash from the tip of his cigar, Frank spoke softly. “If you’re fucking with me, kid, cutting off your balls will be the least of what I’ll do. If you’re one of Jim’s goons, I’ll break every one of your fucking fingers. Then I’ll twist your kneecaps around to the back of your knees so you won’t even be able to sit down to take a shit. And if you do somehow manage to sit down, you won’t be able to wipe your ass.” He picked up a pen from the desktop and a notepad then held them out to Sherlock.
It seemed like a good solution to me as well so I nodded my agreement to the dark-haired man. In silent agreement we stepped out of the little side chapel; Jonah was still kneeling in the same place as before when we went back to the main room of the church. We turned, when Jonah's voice rang out, unexpected, loud and clear, as if he had come to a decision after much deliberation.
He’s wanted before, a man, but that’s as far as it ever got. Glances, longing, wanting, unsatisfied.
"I think we should leave him alone today. This has all been very hard for him ... Brother William was ... is his mentor and Brother Jonah must be deeply shaken by these terrible news - but to harass him in my eyes is totally wrong, I'm afraid he will only retreat further. If we tell him that we are there for him and he can turn to us whenever he wants to talk, then we probably won’t do much wrong. "
He knew he couldn’t stay mad at Sherlock forever. He’d missed Sherlock so desperately, ached for him so badly, mourned him through countless sleepless nights and meaningless days. And, god help him, he knew that Mary could never fill the Sherlock-shaped hole in his heart. He’d known it when he fell into the easy relationship with Mary; he knew it even more now that Sherlock was back.
It was not long before the police arrived, a detective inspector and a sergeant, who had evidently been entrusted with investigating the convent, as the Prior addressed the two men upon their arrival without asking their names. He went into his office with Father Andrew. Jonah followed, flanked by the two police officers. I didn’t know what to do next; waiting for the novice would probably have been too conspicuous, Francis was certainly already being treated in the hospital and William ... well, maybe I should go see him again tomorrow, even if he probably would not know I was there. Only this time, I would stick to the rules and sign out before leaving the monastery,
"I just don’t understand why he also decided to go to the monastery - to come here, he had to know that he would see you again."
Sherlock’s brow wrinkled even more deeply. He gave John the ‘I have no idea what you’re talking about but I’m too proud to ask’ look. John quickly continued, “I’m going to go through your messages and answer them.” He gave Sherlock an unsteady smile. “I asked Mycroft to give me authorization to post messages to your secure site.”
John read the transcript while clutching another pint, taking occasional gulps to buck up his courage. By the end he was shaking and sweating and breathing deeply. He picked up the next sheet in the folder. It contained a web address, user ID and password. Underneath, Sherlock had typed:
I smiled thanks and took a sip of my tea, leaned back in exhaustion and closed my eyes for a moment.
That ache drove John to stop off at the Off-License for a good bottle of wine on his way home from work - wine several cuts above the usual middle shelf merlot he usually threw in the trolley while getting the shopping. If he could create a special surprise for Sherlock, maybe they could have a nice evening for a change. Perhaps they could relax and talk instead of sniping at each other, as most of their conversations devolved into recently.
Sherlock had quickly deduced that his looks and skillful mouth could get him both stimulants and depressants. He’d put those skills to work, enjoyed every minute of it, and gone home at the end of the term a cocaine addict. He’d arrived at the military school a heavy user of recreational drugs - the ten months he’d spent there had fanned the flames into full blown addiction.
"I wish for him nothing more than a happy, harmonious relationship with a person who makes him happy, but he refuses to abandon his plan. Even if it means that he has to renounce the love of a man to whom he feels drawn from the depths of his heart. "
I had already gathered so many new impressions that I decided I would put pen to paper as soon as I could. I could write about the architecture of the building, the ornate cloister, the details of the herb gardens, and Prior Lambert, who had patiently answered all my questions and was clearly committed to making me feel comfortable in his convent. I could write about my strange encounter with Brother William... My eyes flicked over to the booklet. If I did, then my little A5 Booklet certainly would not suffice, that was already clear to me.
After a moment, he interrupted me by placing his hand on my shoulder. I paused, looked at him questioningly, then watched him carefully remove the frame from the extractor, turn it, and close the lid again. I continued my work until he repeated this action again after a few minutes.
At the reception desk behind the glass front door sat a disinterested woman with dyed red, permed hair, pink-framed glasses and matching fingernails, who only looked up at me as I leaned on the small counter with both hands and cleared my throat.
Carlos edged in between two other patrons and quickly caught the bartender’s attention. He turned back to Sherlock with two tall glasses in his hands. Sherlock took one and sipped. It was over sweet with a biting aftertaste - Seagrams and Seven. Instead of pulling the sour face he felt, Sherlock smiled up into Carlos’ eyes. “Delicious.”
But with Sherlock it had all been so different. Sex had been a battleground, both fighting for dominance, never sure of the outcome of each power exchange. The
I expected reprimand - not a question. Jonah? What about Jonah? Was he not in the monastery? Instead of giving the man in front of me a reasonable answer, I literally stuttered.
When I woke up the next morning, Sherlock was no longer next to me - but I heard quiet violin musicfrom the living room.
Sherlock slid into the seat opposite Harry, which left John in the awkward position of having to choose who to crowd in beside: his sister or his flatmate? He silently damned Harry for choosing a booth instead of a table. In the end he settled beside Sherlock, mostly so that he could get a good look at his sister across the table.
Without removing his eyes or the gun from his former girlfriend, John fished in his trouser pocket for his phone. Just as he dialed 999 by feel alone, the kitchen door banged inward with a crash. Four uniformed police officers rushed in and surrounded the table. Throughout the pandemonium, even as he gained his feet, John’s hand never wavered as it held the gun on Mary.
The smile John gave her was cold as steel. “That’s right. He doesn’t love me like you do. And thank god for that.” He gestured toward the back door and the officers lead her out.
"I'm innocent," the novice muttered, glaring at his blood-drenched brother, "why are you doing this?"
Or perhaps he should apologize to Sherlock first then talk to Mary.  John rolled from the bed, grabbed some clean clothes from the dresser and headed for the shower. He felt more relaxed than he’d felt in over two years – since the day before Sherlock ‘died.’ He’d made up his mind and was ready to take action.
, after sex, they’d always separated to clean up then headed back to their own rooms to sleep. But before, they’d only been having sex. They’d never exchanged tender words or even affection beyond a few moments of closeness while cooling down after orgasm. John yawned, too relaxed to worry much about it. If Sherlock wanted him to trot upstairs to his own bedroom, Sherlock would surely tell him.
He turned in my embrace, put his long, sinewy arms around my shoulders and whispered the translation in my ear:
The novice nodded, dropped his head and sank down, as if the worst was yet to come. Silently, we walked side by side to the part of the building that housed the administration offices, including Prior Lambert's office. Jonah stopped in front of the door and looked at me hesitantly.
"That's not clear yet," Father Andrew tried to placate those present, "but we should not disregard the possibility that it was a tragic accident. At the moment we can only hope that Brother William awakens from the coma and enlightens us concerning these events. And we should ask for an ambulance for Brother Francis, don’t you think, Doctor? "
Sherlock didn’t follow John. Really - he didn’t. He just happened to walk the same direction that John had taken when John said he was going out. And if Sherlock just happened to pause in a church portico to listen to the congregation sing Come O Come Emanuel - well, it certainly wasn’t because John’s voice blended among those of strangers. And if Sherlock hesitantly edged into the back of the sanctuary - well, it was cold in the vestibule after all.
"I believe that you are projecting things onto other people, drawing a picture of them that corresponds to your wishes, but that does not necessarily mean that the things you imagine are real."
"I'm sorry," I stammered, crouched down and hurriedly picked up the pieces. Brother William did not move from the spot at all, but now he held out his hand to help me up. Very reluctantly I took it, felt the water run down our hands and slowly soak the narrow sleeve of his habit.
"As long as I live, nobody will ever harm even a hair on your head, I promise you," I whispered, stepping behind his chair and wrapping my arms around his chest as I buried my face in his silky locks. But inside, it was still seething.
I clapped a hand over my mouth to stifle my sobs, and with the other I held him tight. I knew I held a man who lacked any consciousness and who neither felt my touch nor heard my words. I was too scared to pull up his closed eyelids to check his pupil reaction because I was sure that I would not see any sign of life there either. Silent tears dripped from my face to his blanket and I didn’t bother to wipe them off.
I leaned back to take a closer look, but his hand slid back onto the blanket and lay there as if nothing had happened. I almost feared I had imagined all this, but I knew that wasn’t the case. His hand had been on my head and no one else could have put it there. I held that hand in mine and spoke.
I flinched as the bells began to ring. The pews around me were still unoccupied. I shuddered. This place, which had become so familiar to me in the past few days, suddenly exhaled an almost menacing atmosphere caused by the storm and the events of the fading day, which still did not let me go. I could not tell what exactly it was, but I felt increasingly uncomfortable as it grew darker and darker in the church.
I glanced at the novice, assessed the extent of his injuries, and nodded absently; I could not help it, that at the moment my concern was mainly Jonah, who was slumped on the floor. This couldn’t be true. Jonah would never do that. Just as little as he ... William ... the chocolates ...
"It would be good if he did not attend the Vigil yet, he still needs a lot of rest. He should not be woken up in the middle of the night."
I did not spot the blond immediately as he was kneeling and praying in front of a wooden crucifix hanging on the wall in one corner of the room - as he had so often lately. Again, doubts began to gnaw at me. I had seen him from the beginning as very devout, but could not it be just as good that his turning away from the earthly and simultaneously turning to God had a completely different background? Guilty feelings, for example? Or the desire to hide through his extensively displayed beliefs that he, too, had his dark side, which became more and more difficult for him to control? Had there been any signs that he could be capable of such an act? After he had hit his head, he had been extremely insufferable, but on the other hand he also was under massive alcohol influence at that time - and I knew from my childhood and youth days only too well, how alcohol could change a person. Yesterday, however, he had been completely sober, I was absolutely sure.
I realized it was best not to ask more. Besides, he should rest. A long conversation was surely the last thing that he needed.
“Right, sounds good Mycroft.” John hung up. There wasn’t anything more he wanted to discuss over the phone. He went into the kitchen and found a plate of eggs and bacon in the refrigerator. He started the coffee maker while he waited for the microwave to heat the plated meal. His mind was at peace for the first time in ages.
"Jonah, lie down, you looked so sick all morning... John, you're a doctor, couldn’t you talk to him?"
"I guess they want vengeance. I testified against one of them ... against my dealer, who sold me dirty stuff. It was supposed to be a sort of ending to my old life, but obviously the police were better in this particular case than ever before. However, a few days later I read in the paper that the police had picked up the whole gang. They were given an anonymous hint that gave them enough evidence within a very short time to find the backers and put them in prison for years. I just made my statement and then I came here, thinking I would be able to be done with all this. "
"You don’t have to be so impatient with doing things right. Of course you will make mistakes - you are not used to living in a monastery and you should know that it takes time to process all the details of our daily routine. I’ve been a novice for ten months and yet I mess things up occasionally. So what? Life means learning and if we knew it all from the beginning, what sense would our existence make, then? "
I must have nodded off because the next time I opened my eyes, I felt the presence of another person. Mycroft Holmes sat next to me, spinning the handle of his umbrella in his hands and staring at the opposite wall.
Coming around the desk once again, Frank stared down at the top of Sherlock’s curly head while silent tears leaked down Sherlock’s cheeks. “Ok, kid. I’ll cancel that call. I can always call them later if you turn out to be a little shit.” He bellowed “Miriam” over his shoulder. “Cancel that call,” then hauled Sherlock up by the back of his shirt collar. “Stop sniveling. I’m going to send you to get cleaned up and fed. My wife will take care of you. Help her out at home today, wash the windows or something for her. I’ll decide what I want to do with you.”
"All right. Now, would you actually come to class with me or do you prefer to be on your own today? "
"You must be Dr. Watson." He greeted me with a friendly smile and held out his hand, "Father Lambert, I’m in charge of this convent."
Even stranger was the way John behaved after they were thrown out of the restaurant. They settled a small diner and John continued to be angry and yell at Sherlock. And that woman – Mary, he’d gathered to be her name – tagged along as if she belonged with them.
"Justify yourself!" Father Andrew commanded in a thunderous voice. He stood in front of Jonah, arms crossed over his chest, his eyes unrelenting as I had never seen him before.
I hesitated a long time, but when I had decided on a training at the Royal Army Medical Corps, it was clear to me already that this was the path I wanted to take. I wanted to help people who were really reliant on my help. The “Medecines Sans Frontieres” would have been an alternative, but for some reason, I could not have fathomed the feelings the military aspect had provoked in me. I would not just pick up the pieces, by helping the wounded, but I would actively participate in fighting the root of the problem. I would be a doctor - but also a soldier. At no time had I regretted my decision - until I was hit by a projectile in the shoulder and became incapacitated from one second to the next.
"A normal, down-home life, with a decent job and a pretty woman?" laughed the blond and looked at me cheerfully.
It was later that evening, back at Baker Street, still wearing his best suit from Sherlock’s funeral. He’d lit the fire and spent a long time just standing with his hands on the mantle, looking at the flames and letting tears flow. He’d realized then that what he’d had with Sherlock was more than friendship, more than sex, more than companionship. He’d loved Sherlock, probably from the first chase over the rooftops of London - the evening Sherlock had cured his limp and brought him back to life.
Heels of hands once again pressing his eyes, John asked, “So, yeah, about that. You thought I’d just gotten tired of waiting for Sherlock?” John dreaded Mycroft’s answer.
I looked around the room. I didn’t know exactly what I searched for but there were not many places in the cell to hide things. I decided to systematically search for something that looked out of place.
I was just about to return to class when my eyes fell on Brother William’s room. The door was still half open, so I could easily see it from the corridor as soon as I was near the entrance. It was only a few yards from where I was, I could be …
If you liked this fic, please visit Philomena85's original version and leave Kudos. All the Kudos go to her.
Two sentences. There were only two sentences, spoken in his pleasant deep voice, a little rough from being used so rarely. And yet they took me completely by surprise. Why was he always acting so mysterious? Why did he insist on talking to me only at night when everyone was asleep? And why did he urge me to remain silent too? Did he feel harassed by my constant demands, or was he afraid that I would let something slip? Had Jonah even told him I'd overheard their conversation? It was late afternoon and I did not know how to pass the time until evening. For distraction, I decided to pay a visit to my patient again so that he was not really bored to death, as he had already predicted to me.
Sherlock huffed and rolled his eyes but didn’t answer. But he also didn’t move away, his cheek still on John’s shoulder and his fingers twined with John’s.
Again I tapped him on the cheeks and shook him gently by the shoulder - I suspected that he had suffered a concussion so I had to be careful not to go too far. At last my efforts seemed to be effective; the blond's eyelids began to tremble and very slowly, he opened his eyes, blinked and then immediately closed them again.
John puffed up his cheeks and blew out a breath. He felt flushed from reading Sherlock’s words and realized he was half-hard in his jeans. The thought of Sherlock, thinking of him jerking off to stay warm gave him a funny feeling.
"Sherlock ..." I whispered, hoping that name would trigger a reaction, "It's me, John. Do you remember me?"
Mycroft inclined his head in acceptance. He remained silent so John continued. “I have a lot to apologize to Sherlock for. I will spend the rest of my life trying to make up for how I’ve treated him since he returned. I can’t even express how terrible I feel now that I know. If the tables had been turned, I know how distressed I’d have been.”
The bells rang again so I hastily extinguished the light, pushed the curtains open, and left the corridor as quickly as possible, so no one would catch me. Even though the situation seemed hopeless, I was not ready to give up. There was another place I could continue my search - but that would have to wait until after vespers, when the brothers retired for dinner and I could be sure no one was around.
Gently prying Sherlock’s hands from around his legs, John murmured, “Come on. Up you go.” Wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist, John buried his face in the black shirtfront. “I do love you, too.”
And the part that hurt the most was that John knew Sherlock was right. John had been self-absorbed since his injury, wallowing in self pity, nursing his anguish and not even trying to make things better between them. He’d used the pain
But he’d never even considered it when Sherlock was alive. It took his death to show John the depth of his feelings.
Another tilt of Mycroft’s head encouraged John to go on. “And, if he’ll have me, I’ll move home. To Baker Street.”
"No, I set off while you heard his confession. And that's why I thought you might be able to tell me ... "
"Get well quickly, your bees already miss you," joked Brother Elijah, clapping him on the back in a comradely way, before adding cheerfully, "And so do we!"
There was movement in the assembled crowd, as the Eucharist replaced the lessons and Prior Lambert spoke the words of consecration I remembered from my childhood; it was an almost automatic movement for me to me kneel like everyone else, all these things seemed strangely familiar to me. As a child I was happy to go to church with my mother but as is so often the case, this habit was lost in the course of puberty and the times I attended Sunday Mass become fewer and fewer, and I had stopped going at some point without thinking about it.
John glanced from Sherlock to the box of Christmas decorations Mrs. Hudson had brought up that morning. “I know. It seems so. So mean spirited to be a humbug when everyone else is happy with the holiday spirit.”
John nodded toward Mary. “Yeah, you could say that. You could also call it a bad break up.” He glanced back at Lestrade while he lowered the gun to the table. “You’ll find her prints on this. Of course, mine too now.”
the way it’s going to be.” She paused and gave John a not-quite-right smile that caused a cold chill to run down his spine. “You had your little fling with Sherlock. And I’m going to forgive you for it. I can’t say I didn’t see that coming, when he turned up again. You got it out of your system.” She smiled again, tilted her head and lifted her eyebrows. “And now it’s time for you to come home. And I
“But my phone! Surely you recorded the conversation!” Sherlock grasped at this slim hope. “Do you have the file? Can you give it to me?”
Her gentle chiding touched a place deep inside Sherlock’s heart, a place he’d kept locked away since he was very young, a place he’d tried to stuff full of opioids and stimulants and weed and alcohol. He felt as if something were expanding in his chest, pushing his ribcage out to make more room for this feeling. His brow smoothed out as he smiled.
"Sherlock was trying to find out who sent me the threatening letter. After listening to our conversation in the church, you already know that the letter contained orange pips that Sherlock identified as typical for a Northern Irish drug trafficking ring. Surely you’re aware that you can’t just come and go here as you please, which is why Sherlock was suspicious. "
"As Prior Lambert introduced me to you, he told you that we were all but colleagues - and I, as you already know, am working in the field of science and herbal medicine, so it seems likely that you pursue a medical profession. You are here to get away from your everyday life; you seek the peace and seclusion only a monastery could give you, so I'm assuming that you have a job that drains you, which has lot of stress - it’s obvious  that you are working as a doctor in a larger hospital. However, your physique is not indicative of the typical clinician who gets too little sleep, and eats unhealthy food - you are, despite your small size, very strong and athletic but you seem to have neglected your training lately, maybe even abandoned it. I attribute this to your slight limp, which occurs sometimes. Psychosomatic, I'm afraid. But your therapist probably already said that. "
The four shared a meal at Mycroft’s expense then they headed back to Baker Street. When John closed the door to the flat behind them and turned the lock, they dissolved into a fit of giggles. Sherlock pulled John to him and looked down into his face with such an open, unguarded expression that it was John’s eyes turn to mist.
John didn’t ask for details. No matter how late Sherlock left the house our how late he returned, John made it a point to never ask where he’d been. They both kept odd hours - their professions often necessitated comings and goings outside of normal business hours. Sherlock never asked him when John had to leave on a moment’s notice and he gave Sherlock the same courtesy. They
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. Based on Dr. Watson’s past behavior when you were living at Baker Street, I honestly just thought he was having a fling to pass the time until you returned. You remember the endless string of girlfriends?”
"Is that real?" I asked, shocked. I had seen human skulls more than once - and this one looked damn real.
"Don’t be indignant. Maybe you should consider yourself to use the confessional the way it was meant to be."
"Do you really wear ... something under it?" I asked in a mixture of restraint and curiosity and let my eyes wander over the white undergarment, which covered his body and made him look like a strange caricature of a dark curly-haired Christmas angel.
“I found him sleeping in number 19 dumptruck, Frank. Some punk vagrant, probably trying to rip off equipment to sell for scrap to get drug money.” The worker who’d found and captured Sherlock shook him once then released him.
“Surely there’s more. Surely you had a drunken backseat experience with a girl who tasted like peppermint schnapps?”
The creases John loved appeared at the corners of Sherlock’s eyes. “You did, didn’t you?” He took another bite - a bigger one this time.
"Here he can devote himself to his studies in peace, without anyone bothering him, can perform his experiments ..."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I told you, I’m going out.” He’d had enough. He’d tried to be pleasant, to compliment John on his wine selection, to eat the meal John’d made. But of course, sitting at the table with John had just opened him up once again to John’s ire. He picked up the mobile and began to text without any pretense of deference to John. In less than a minute he’d set a new time to meet
Tucking his keys into his jeans pocket, John glanced over his shoulder. “Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” He tried to keep all trace of the impatience he felt out of his voice - perhaps he could keep this brief and still manage to eat his dinner while it was still warm.
"Not at all, the novitiate takes at least a year and before that, the postulate needs to be passed. But Brother William took his solemn profession two years ago - he came to us from a convent in Brittany, when it disbanded. "
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock asked. After the drama of the motorcycle ride, bonfire and subsequent rescue, it was a relief  to see John sitting in his chair at Baker Street. It felt
Before I knew what hit me, I was standing in front of the beehive, and Brother William gestured to me to open the lid and remove one of the frames. Cautiously, so as not to make a mistake, I followed the instructions he gave me with a few concise, but understandable, hand signals. He had once again taken the beekeeper's pipe and blew white smoke toward the bees. Eagerly, the tiny animals crawled along the honeycomb, and in my fascination I did not realize how his hand suddenly appeared next to mine and pointed to a bee that was bigger than the others.
Pregnant! John had seen spontaneous healings. Impossible to believe, miraculous healing g of irreversible medical conditions. It wasn’t only faith healers who could cause patients to throw away their crutches and walk again. He’d seen patients on their deathbeds spontaneously go into remission and live many healthy years.
A hint of unease tickled the back of John’s consciousness at Mycroft’s admission that he’d eavesdropped on his conversation with Mrs. Hudson.
"Of course, and I would never ask you to do this. I, um … I’ll try searching in the garden, a little fresh air can’t hurt ..."
"Good luck! But you may also give it to me, I’d be pleased to pass it on to Brother William, if he has retired to his cell. You know I can't give you access to that part of the monastery."
"No. I'd just like to hear from you if you would approve of Brother Jonah returning to us. I'm not sure if it suits him to be alone so often - especially now, without Brother William. "
Sherlock turned his back again. He didn’t want John to see the expression of grief he could control no longer.
Having arrived at the door, behind which were the sleeping rooms of the friars, I stopped, knowing that I did not have permission to access this area of the monastery.
John had planned a special meal to try to make up to Sherlock for his prickly behavior since his injury. John knew he owed Sherlock thanks for supporting him during his recovery. But somehow John was the one who ended up furious, and hurt, and had struck out blindly at Sherlock with the one word that would wound him most deeply. And Sherlock, always one to protect his pride, had retaliated with anger.
I had not seen him all morning and when I arrived at the door of the kitchen area at eleven o'clock, I could not see the slightest trace of my companion. Instead, there was an older brother with thinning hair, who seemed vaguely familiar to me and introduced himself as Brother Elijah.
"Yes, who would have thought that I would become a monk. Maybe having a near-death experience isn’t all bad ... "
"Why him? I mean ... with his vow of silence, that's ... I don’t know, but I imagine it to be quite difficult. "
Bobbing my head, I turned around too fast, as if Brother Jonah had caught me doing something forbidden. He reacted casually, leaning in the doorway with his arms crossed over his chest and shaking his head.
As he pronounced the words, I was not sure if they were actually meant as a compliment or an expression of his ubiquitous cynicism. But what he said next made me freeze:
A black towncar idled at the kerb as the cab pulled up to the registry office. “Oh for god’s sake, how did Mycroft find us out? Did he bug our living room again?”
Fifteen minutes later found John seated next to Mycroft in the backseat of a black town car. John had no idea where they were going. The darkly tinted divider between the front and back seats blocked his view of the road in front. He didn’t really care at this point. He just had to get the truth out of Mycroft.
Sherlock picked up the wine and squinted at the label. “Kosta Browne, 2012. I’ve read that this is a good year.” His tone that showed he was actually impressed. He placed his phone on the table, carefully angled so that John couldn’t see the screen. A chime sounded and Sherlock glanced down:
It was evident to me that I had grown louder with my increasing indignation but it did not seem to bother the friar in the least.
I spat out the words, full of loathing for this dreadful man whose presence I could not endure one second longer. I didn’t pay any further attention to him and strode to the exit - but not without bumping into him while passing. I was well aware of how childish my behavior was but he just did not deserve better. I almost expected him to follow me but I heard no footsteps behind me.
John grinned. Yes, he’d found cat guts and sheep eyes in unlabeled containers in the back of the fridge but not until several weeks after Sherlock’s jump – not until the smell was so bad that he noticed it even in his grief. In a fit of emotional pain he’d pitched everything in the refrigerator then spent most of the night scrubbing every inch of it inside and out. He pushed the heels of his hands into his eyes.
Taking a half step back, Sherlock regarded John solemnly, his gaze darting between John’s eyes. Whatever he was looking for, Sherlock must have found it in John’s gaze because he reached for John again with his answer, “You didn’t know.” The right side of his mouth tilted in a soft half-smile before he captured John’s lips once again.
him - wanted so badly to consume Sherlock, to take him and own him and never let him go. He pressed his aching prick into the flesh of Sherlock’s buttocks.
It took me more than half an hour to find him in the garden. Without the help of an older brother, I would never have recognized him for his face was completely hidden by a beekeeper's hat while he worked on the beehives. White smoke rose from the beekeeper's whistle which stuck between his lips and enclosed him like a cloud.
Before I could answer, he stood next to me, took the fragments of the broken plate out of my hand, threw it in the trash, grabbed the dish towel and started drying off the dishes.
"Even if he chose this path right after your quarrel, he couldn't yet be a fully ordained monk. As you do, I know that just the novitiate lasts at least a year, and that he would have had to go through the postulate to be admitted as a novice. Don’t look so shocked, Father Andrew was kind enough to explain to me right at the beginning of my stay, how the 'career' of a monk works ... How long have you been novice - half a year? "
Suddenly the food in John’s mouth disgusted him. He remembered a day, close to the date of Sherlock’s note. He and Mary had taken her car to the coast. It had been her idea and John had just gone along. They’d walked along the cliffs then found a rickety staircase leading to the narrow strip of beach below. It had been windy, and cold. The spray from the water clung to Mary’s hair and eyelashes. He’d looked at her, with droplets sparkling like diamonds in the sunlight, and thought to himself,
"Sherlock was furious. I’ve never experienced him like this before. He shouted at me and tried to drag me out of bed and forcibly into his brother's car, but he didn’t succeed. "
John scrolled past a few messages, picking another at random. He would go back later and read the ones he’d skipped.
"No, he's an Englishman, but he spent a lot of his childhood in the north of France with his grandparents. His his parents traveled a lot. And at some point, then, apparently, he went back to where he grew up. "
Laughing together, Sherlock and John leaned into each other as the cab resumed traveling. They exchanged sloppy kisses between giggles. Soon enough their kiss turned serious and each tangled his fingers in the other’s hair.
John turned his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes. He smiled. “I do. More than you can ever know.” He slid his hand into Sherlock’s hair, cupping the back of his head and kissing him tenderly, then settled back onto the pillow and shifted to fit against Sherlock again.
Nothing could have made John move one millimeter from the spot. Sweat trickled down his back and his breath rasped in his parched throat but John would not have changed a thing as he watched Sherlock shove his hands under his body. Sherlock’s right elbow moved quickly and John groaned at the thought that Sherlock was jerking himself while John’s cock stabbed his prostate with each stroke. John bit his lips to keep himself in check when the thought of Sherlock’s long fingers around his thick prick while the other hand fondled his bollocks nearly sent him over the edge.
I cleared my throat uncomfortably, but did not answer because I already knew which way this conversation was going.
At first, the blond just sat there and sipped his tea, but when the demands finally stopped, he started to speak.
"You probably thought you were the only one who got his information in a morally ambiguous way, right? Well, I have to disappoint you - at least, the next time Brother Jonah unburdens his heart and talks about my past, maybe you should think about closing the window or at least look if anyone is in the garden. "
As if he had heard my silent plea, Mocroft  nodded to me one last time and left with a dramatic swing of his umbrella.
"I can not talk about what he entrusted to me in the context of the sacrament of penance. If I didn’t know you were present when he asked me, I should not even tell you that the conversation actually took place. "
Scoffing and rolling his eyes, Sherlock sat the hat on the arm of his chair. He spoke with deadly calm. “I will cut my hair however I wish. I will wear whatever headwear I chose. And I will not listen to one more word of this.” He stood, brushed past John and rushed to the bathroom with John following close behind. When he tried to shut the door behind himself, John grabbed the outer doorknob and pushed it open roughly.
Mycroft replied even more coolly, “It has been quite some time, John. And I understand that you and Sherlock are no longer together.”
"John ... may I call you John? - Good. As the Prior has already said, the investigations are still ongoing. Brother Jonah was questioned by the police last night and Brother Francis is still to be questioned. And until it can be clarified what happened yesterday, you shouldn’t discuss this topic with anyone. That's why I have to insist that you do not talk to Brother Jonah. "
The initial honeymoon period cooled off, too - after all, they were both middle aged men no longer up for seven times a night at Baker Street - but they both continued to delight in the pleasures of the flesh several times a week. Both men found the intimacy even more satisfying than the sex. Sharing Sherlock’s bed, sleeping entwined when the weather was cool enough or just touching when the press of bodies was too stifling, sharing the bathroom to shave or brush teeth, John’s clothes hanging in Sherlock’s wardrobe; the everyday intimacies of two lives sharing one space. John had craved it for so long. He’d tried so hard to find it with past relationships (including Mary) but it had never been as satisfying as with Sherlock. And Sherlock? He’d been starving for it without even realizing he was hungry. He couldn’t get enough of casual touches, their feet bumping under the dining room table, lounging against John on the sofa while John read and he lost himself in thought. All of it was intensely satisfying in a way Sherlock could never have imagined before.
"Give Brother Francis our wishes for quick recovery. And, of course, Brother William too, even if he does not appreciate it, "he added, almost uncertainly.
"Unfortunately not, I wanted to tell you straight - I am highly allergic to nuts and they are almost always contained in praline mixes, so I gave them to William this morning. He looked like he could use a little mood brightener. "
Cupping Sherlock’s cheek, John spoke so lowly, it was nearly a whisper. “You’re alive. And you’re here.” He swallowed a last hiccough. “And you love me.”
Sherlock hung his coat on its hook, turning to hide his face as he rolled his eyes at John’s response. “I got a haircut. I’d hardly call that stupid.” He crossed the room and dropped himself into his chair, not even bothering to take off his shoes before folding his legs up underneath himself.
That’s why Sherlock decided to surprise John upon his return. John would be expecting Sherlock to show up at Baker Street, so he thought he’d pull off a clever surprise instead.
Quietly, I opened the door so as not to wake the young man should he be asleep - which was indeed the case. I crept over to check on him at least superficially, and to see if there were signs of any worsening of his condition. I took a moment to notice that he was breathing quietly and that no abnormalities were recognizable. The tray on which his supper had been served stood almost untouched on the little wooden side table. The spoon had been used so I could assume that he had at least a little soup. I was about to clear the dishes and leave the room when I heard a faint rustle behind me. Jonah had turned around and his eyes opened a tiny split.
"You shouldn’t be," he replied and immediately regained his familiar smile. "If this would not have happened, I would never know how much the love of God can change a person, if you are willing to indulge Him wholeheartedly. I had nothing to lose and have gained so much ... "
Sherlock pushed the heels of his hands into his tightly closed eyes, hard. He took two even breaths then dropped them again as he turned toward John. “John, before you say any more, there is something I want to give you. Please, just read this information and listen to the file before you say any more.”
I loved my job; it had been the only thing I had left since I returned from Afghanistan. Maybe I had begun working too early, but the paltry pension the Army paid me simply was not enough to pay for the small apartment in London, which I had on my return. The landlord had already threatened to evict me so it was like a sign from heaven appeared when I encountered my former fellow student Mike Stamford one morning. He invited me for coffee and talked about his job at Bart's, where he had already worked during our training. When he learned of my financial difficulties, he invited me to apply there and offered to possibly put in a good word for me, should the clinic have vacancies that needed to be filled. Just a week later he called and gave me a job in the emergency room, for which I seemed predestined because of my military background and the associated stress resistance.
"It's important to me, though," he replied defiantly, "it's not like a normal job, where you can get sick and just lay around. It's not just my profession, but ... "
With an irritated sigh, the woman turned and disappeared into an office beside the dish room. She returned a few seconds later with a small paper envelope and tossed it to Sherlock. “Don’t forget again.”
Enough of these musings! Violet had gotten up early to make sure everything would be done on time. She wanted a perfect family Christmas this year. Even without grandchildren, it would be wonderful to have a house full of people.
The house phone rang immediately. John picked it up to hear Mycroft’s voice. “Hello, John. I can be there in half an hour.”
John stretched out on the sofa and crossed his arms behind his head. He closed his eye as he continued to think.
"You said that someone was planning an assassination attempt on Mister Holmes, so I called the police."
A humming sound rang out and I hurried to open the heavy door; I nodded gratefully to her once more as she blushed.
Heavy double doors at the end of the hall lead into the main club. It was getting late, long past the dinner hour, so Sherlock took a moment to adopt the mannerisms of an early-20s clubber, cruising the scene and happy to be out for the night. He scratched a hand through his hair until it tumbled artfully over his forehead and pushed up the sleeves of the jacket and shirt to just below his elbows. Thumping bass from the club music reverberated in Sherlock’s chest as he made his way toward the bar. The dance floor was already crowded with gyrating couples and the bar was lined three-deep with patrons all vying to catch the few bartenders’ attention. Sherlock took up a post against the wall at the end of the bar and watched the activity around him. After a quarter hour he saw a pattern emerge. A middle-aged man seated on a stool in the center of the bar was the middle of the action. Men and women came and went around him like ocean waves, all smiling and jovial and evidently trying to curry his favor. Sherlock deduced the man was both the owner of the establishment and the owner of the clothes he’d nicked, not to mention the gun and cocaine. Grinning maniacally, Sherlock edged into the crowd and worked his way toward the man.
"As long as it's just the neck ..." the dark-haired man said succinctly, but then he pulled up a chair and sat down in front of me so that our knees almost touched.
They don’t exchange gifts at Christmas. They never had, first due to whatever disposable girlfriend John had been preoccupied with during the Holidays, then due to Sherlock’s ‘dead’ years, then the disastrous Magnusson/Mary Christmas. Neither of them wanted to think about the ghosts contained in memories of Christmases past.
John attributed the slight fever he began to feel just after arriving in Helmand Province to dehydration. He’d been so busy patching up soldiers enough to transfer them to Royal Army hospital back home that he rarely had time to worry about his water intake.
He shook his head vehemently, which he seemed to regret immediately. I noticed when someone was trying to lie to me, but if he did not want to tell me, especially in front of other people, then that was all right. I was a doctor, personal feelings did not keep me in my job.
But later, in John’s bed, they did finally acknowledge the painful past. And the comfort they shared went a long way toward healing it and restoring Christmas cheer.
This time, I did not have to ring to request entry to ICU. The small office next to the door was occupied today.
Watson rose and took Holmes’ face into his two hands. He smiled brilliantly then pulled his partner down for a quick kiss, laughing against Holmes’ plump pink mouth. “Holmes - Sherlock - you are most spectacularly ignorant of current terms used by men such as us.” He gave Holmes’ cheekbone a quick peck and released him, lest their landlady catch them in their tender embrace. “And it’s quite adorable.”
Following an inspiration, I glanced under the bed but found only an almost empty pack of nicotine patches in exactly the same spot where there was a box of adult magazines in my London apartment. With a slight smile, I shook my head. Every human being had some kind of vice, including the man who had always seemed to me as perfectly supernatural. I put the package back to where I found it and continued my search.
"Hey Sherlock," I said and stroked his bare forearm, "Actually, I said I'd be back in the monastery at half past four... because of you, I'm late."
"The more self-blame he feels about this ... incident, the more careless he becomes. And unless we can be sure that the danger is finally averted, it would certainly be best if he stayed in his monastery and prayed for our salvation, right? "
John plated their meals and watched while Sherlock swished his wine then sipped. His eyelashes fanned on his pale cheeks as he closed his eyes to savor the first taste. A smile stretched Sherlock’s lips. “This is excellent,” he murmured, opening his eyes. “What’s the occasion? Did I forget our anniversary again?”
Our paths separated shortly thereafter, as vespers and supper time came along, so that we only met again in the lounge. Brother William came a little later than the other men but immediately steered purposefully to a tea table by the window on which Brother Jonah had already set up the chess board for a game. As if he were used to it, he took the seat with the white pieces and so had the first move. Jonah was able to keep up with this pace and before I knew it, Jonah's king had been brushed off the board with a loud rattle by William, who sat back and smiled at me.
Sherlock’s face turned pink. “Forget it, John. It’s not a big deal.” He averted his eyes from John’s questioning gaze.
I gave him a serious look with raised brows, but did not want to say anything else. I was sure he understood that I was trying to make him talk to me, but we did not know each other well enough that I would have been able to push him any further. Still, I wished I could have done something for him, since he was obviously depressed.
Mary filled the kettle and flipped it on. She laid the gun on the worktop as she got out the teapot, tea and mugs. John felt sweat trickle down the back of his neck. Was this his chance? Should he lunge for it, try to knock her out of his way? Perhaps he could grab the kettle and use it to knock her out. He glanced up just in time to catch Mary’s eye as she turned toward him. She frowned so John smiled brightly in return. He kept his breathing in check, willing his muscles to relax. He didn’t want Mary to pick up on the tension he felt. Something was very, very off about her and John wasn’t sure how much it would take to push her over the edge.
“Sherlock,” John ground out as he released Sherlock’s cock from his fist and began to stroke his own erection faster, “kiss me. Please.”
John relished Sherlock’s reaction: moaning, letting his head drop back onto John’s shoulder, Sherlock flushed deeply. With a final bite to Sherlock’s neck, John let go and growled again, “Then get yourself ready.” He took a half step back and watched as Sherlock swayed backward, trying to maintain the contact between them, then swayed forward again to avoid falling. He scrambled to find the bottle he’d tossed on the bed earlier. Once procured, Sherlock slicked his fingers and reached between his legs, sinking the tips of his first two fingers into his hole. John’s prick twitched at the site - Sherlock, legs spread wide, leaning forward on one elbow while two fingers of the other hand disappeared into his body.
The priest pulled the corners of his mouth a little way up, but his concern was all too clearly written in his face.
A wet sound burbled from Sherlock’s throat, cutting off John mid-sentence as his arms circled John’s torso and grasped tightly. John continued soothingly. “Come on, let’s get home. Let’s get up. Can you?” Sherlock nodded against John’s shoulder and disentangled himself. Wiping his eyes with the back of his hand, Sherlock drew in a calming breath. John stood first. He reached a hand down for Sherlock, who took it and squeezed tightly while he rose.
Before I could ask, the Prior added, "Brother William has taken a vow of silence, please respect that."
"Dear brothers, I would like to ask all of you for your prayer for Brother William. His condition is serious and it is uncertain when and if he can ever return to us."
I’d never thought it would bother me like that to be rejected by a man who was out of my reach. My mind knew that there was no chance for me to win his love, but my heart still vehemently disagreed. Was he really not interested in me? Not the tiniest bit? It seemed I could still feel his hand in my hair, the warmth of his touch on my scalp - and the sudden cold, now that he was gone.
"Let me be, I'm fine," muttered the normally good-tempered blond. He tried to rise but had to sit down again immediately and held his head.
"I've seen him looking at you - he looked at you over and over, he could hardly take his eyes off you ..."
John pulled at Sherlock’s elbow again. “Yes, now. I’m going up to change. Get dressed and be ready to go in ten.”
“Sherlock, I didn’t have the password, remember? I didn’t know your flatmate wasn’t picking up the messages.”
of it – never had to be.  John need never suffer more than missing Sherlock while he was away and worrying about his dangerous mission. That would have been a damn sight better than mourning his suicide.
His words didn’t surprise me. To be honest, I almost knew their reunion wasn’t a coincidence. However, I wanted to know more - if I should help him, then I had to know what had happened. The whole truth.
John shifted his feet and spread his legs a little wider and Sherlock suddenly gasped, “Oh god. Right there.”
“Yeah, not bad. Bit smoked.” John glanced up at Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t like what he saw in that glance:  mistrust, blame, simmering anger, hurt.
“What the fuck!” John blurted. “If Mycroft knew something about Mary, why didn’t he tell me?” John’s voice shook with suppressed fury.
But Sherlock’s long, slick cock slipped effortlessly between John’s thighs and John let out a small sigh of relief in place of the last syllable of Sherlock’s name. Sherlock scooted forward until his body pressed John’s from chest to knee. He reached around and took John’s bollocks in his slick-wet hand, then pressed his hips against John’s backside until the tip of his cock nudged the backs of the tender sac.
But could that really be? Apart from the fact that they attended novice lessons together and sat side by side in the choir and at meals, they seemed to have little contact. After all, what I had learned from Brother Francis, he aspired to study theology and then be ordained a priest, which is why he already spent a lot of time in the library and with those monks who also chose this career.
"Right, John. That's what I'm trying to tell you - you're much more to him than a stranger who spends a few weeks here to recover from his daily routine. "
"I'm still feeling nauseous...", he complained and opened his eyes in sudden realization. "Could it be that I have thrown up right in front of your feet?"
"I can’t tell exactly how long it will take to get back your health, but you should be in bed for at least three or four days."
"Correct. Since nobody knew until a year ago that I would take refuge here, there are only two possibilities: Either one of the older brothers was bribed or even blackmailed - which I personally don’t believe - or ... "
He glanced at the small woman again; her gaze swept him up and down, appraising. Sherlock felt something he’d never felt before: he wanted her to like what she saw, to be proud of him, even … fond. He hadn’t been arsed to care what any other person had thought before - especially his mother. Why did this woman, much smaller than his mother and reeking of weed, elicit this feeling? His eyebrows furrowed as he pondered the mystery of why he cared what Mrs. Hudson, wife to the odious thug Frank, thought of him.
He fell abruptly silent and pressed a hand against his right temple. Alarmed, I jumped up, pressed his upper body onto the bed and also raised his legs onto the mattress. The small silver pocket flashlight that my colleague had used to check the pupil reflexes of our patient the day before was still on the night table - and I would use it again right now.
He looked as if he meant every single word exactly as he said it. I could not help but to admire this young man from the depths of my heart.
, I corrected myself. Even though Jonah and I had started calling him by his real name, I knew I couldn’t even think of him by that name if I did not want to expose his disguise and put him in even greater danger. Nevertheless, his baptismal name was like a mantra for me, encouraging me. Like a vow of love, his name passed my lips as I entered the room, closed the curtains and switched on the bedside lamp; it poured its warm light over the white linen sheets and the cushion with the Union Jack that that still lay beside his pillow.
I got goose bumps listening to him and I did not dare to budge, unwilling to miss even a fraction of a second of this song. It was as if he spoke directly to me through the music.
Later, I returned to Jonah's cell with the novice master to pick up the dishes. Again, the delivery of the tray was accompanied by a bow, which I returned this time. Our hands touched for a moment and I felt a tiny piece of paper being pushed between my fingers. I would have loved to talk to him, but his own silence made it relatively easy for me to keep mine. Even when the priest asked him if he wanted to go to the bathroom, he just nodded, took a clean robe and toiletries out of the closet, and quietly followed his teacher out into the hall, where Father Andrews offered me a short but hearty 'Thank you, John' to release me from my duty.
Of course, Mycroft had cut his mobile service as a precaution to maintain the safety of the safehouse.
I began to ponder; maybe this was not a bad idea at all ... I hardly knew the blond novice, had only been in the kitchen once or twice with him and sat next to him during novice classes, but otherwise I did not know about the man whose room I had secretly searched. Maybe that was my only chance to get any indication that he really was the one behind the cowardly attack on William. The mere fact that, according to his dialect, he came from Northern Ireland, from where, according to William, the drug dealers that he and Jonah had flown was still no proof. Jonah himself sounded as if his roots were in the north of England, yet he had chosen this very place to spend his life - why should not it have been similar for Brother Francis? The fact that he had only entered the monastery after Jonah and William did not confirm the suspicions against him, but might be a mere coincidence. Conclusion: Everything that I knew so far about his possible involvement in these events, I had learned from Jonah and I lacked tangible evidence.
“No, in the rush and confusion of your jump, he failed to check in at A&E. Could he have had a concussion and not known it?”
Watson took a healthy bite. “You are most right, Holmes. This is delicious.” He finished off the delicate treat and reached for another. “By chance, did Mrs. Hudson tell you the name of this new recipe?”
Mycroft took over the conversation. “You suffered a concussion when you struck the pavement. No one realized it, not even me. That’s all true, John. Sherlock deduced the truth in the past two days. I’m sorry, John, truly I am. If I had realized at the time that you had an incomplete memory of your last conversation with Sherlock, my actions toward you would have been different.
"I'll see what the Prior thinks of the whole thing," he avoided me, knocking on the door. A soft ‘Come in’ came from within.
I tried sorting my thoughts and approaching it logically. Had I not known him, my suspicion would probably have fallen on Jonah first - after all, it was he who had given William the chocolates. The two men knew each other before, had been a couple for a long time, and probably had a closer relationship until a few days ago than was common among religious people. Besides, Jonah seemed to have some emotional instability lately - could anything have happened between the two men that could have made him do such a thing?
"I already told you that it was never important to him during our relationship, that we had sex with each other. I believe that what he longed for most of the time was closeness. Security. Someone to catch him, if he should fall. I would even go so far as to say that he saw it as a necessary evil to have sex with someone if it helped him to get what he really wanted - someone who not only spent the night with him, but was still there the next morning, holding him. Who made him tea and made him believe for those few, precious moments that everything could turn out well ... "
"Not with certainty. And that's exactly why I need your help. I’m sure that Sherlock has already deduced this and since he is very thorough about the preservation of evidence, I suspect that there must be something in his cell that points to the culprit. "
He avoided answering his phone, especially when his best friend called. Surely Sherlock Holmes, the most observant man in England, would deduce what was wrong. It was easier to just drift along than to try to reason out what to do about the problem.
"I guess you're well aware of the symbolic power of what I'm doing right now?" I challenged, tugging on one end of the cincture tentatively.
I entered the room with a feeling of dread. The man man my heart belonged to had almost met a tragic end in that room. Now, however, he was back in the hospital bed, sleeping as if those terrible events had never happened. Everything seemed like it was a few days ago: The dialysis machine filtered toxins out of his blood, the heart monitor beeped monotonously, the ventilator hissed menacingly - and Sherlock lay still, nonresponsive. His freshly washed hair spread like a dark halo on the white pillow. If not for the remnants of a bloodstain on the wall on the opposite side of the room, the scene could almost have been described as peaceful. If you could ignore the circumstance.
They hadn’t talked about it - John didn’t know if Sherlock even did things like he wanted to do to now. “Do you want…” John began.
!” John strode to the coat hooks and ripped down Sherlock’s deerstalker then marched back to face Sherlock. “Here,” he spat, throwing the hat against Sherlock’s chest with savage force, “wear the hat.”
“What’s that in your hair?” John reached up and casually picked at a spot of a white substance in one of Sherlock’s curls. “It’s dried in. Christ, Sherlock, it’s really stuck. What is this?”
John also cleared his throat. “Umm, yea, about that … I’ve moved on.” The steel in John’s voice pierced Sherlock’s heart. “I can trust Mary. More than I can say for you.”
John spoke his vows first in a voice that was strong and clear. And when Sherlock spoke his, to John’s amazement, his voice shook and eyes misted. John clasped Sherlock’s hands and squeezed and Sherlock calmed down enough to get through the brief sentences.
Washing his hair with the toiletries he found in the shower stall, Sherlock came to a decision. He’d wait it out, at least for a few days. He could always slip away if need be, call his brother or parents, and be on a plane back to England in a few hours. But for now, he’d go along with Frank and try to find out more about his business dealings, and why his wife seemed terrified of him.
I blew out my breath as if I’d been on a long run, threw my hands in the air and shook my head,  frustrated.
Detective Inspector Lestrade followed the officers at a slower pace. “Well, what have we here? A little domestic, is it, John?”
On my way to the monastery garden, I passed a cellar staircase that I had not noticed before - presumably because the door had never before stood open as it was now. I wanted to take a quick look but then I realized again that I was not allowed to waste my time if the food should be ready in time. I turned back to my goal as I heard a loud clangor from the depths as if glass had burst. Now my curiosity won out and I sneaked down the stone steps carefully. At the bottom of the stairs there was an archway that was so low that even as small as I was, I had to duck my head. Directly behind it was a cellar vault of unpainted stone, on the side walls of which large oak barrels were stored. Apparently wine was also produced in this monastery. But where had the noise that had led me to descend into this room come from? I looked around, but could not see anything except rows of barrels - and a pair of black shoes that lurched behind one of those barrels.
Sherlock had tried to focus on the meal. It seemed like John was actually trying to be pleasant tonight, for the first time since God only knew when. But
John tried to cope by going to church - secretly; he didn’t want Sherlock poking fun of him for ‘ridiculous observance of a man made excuse for extra charity donations.’ He did feel a bit better singing Come O Come Emanuel. Watching the children light the Hope candle in the advent wreath did make him feel a little hopeful.
He smiled subtly but did not elaborate his plan - which was unnecessary anyway, because I had understood what he wanted me to do and agreed. One question remained, however - and it seemed absurd not to be open, now that we had talked about things that had long since crossed the border of privacy.
Light brushes of lips turned into open mouthed presses and tongue stroking tongue, until Sherlock pushed up on his elbow and gently pressed John onto his back. John made a soft sound of protest, feeling it was his turn to lavish attention on Sherlock, but Sherlock continued kissing down John’s jaw and neck then traced John’s clavicle with the tip of his tongue. Giving in to Sherlock's attention, John threaded his fingers into Sherlock’s wild morning hair and gently scraped his fingernails over Sherlock’s scalp, which elicited a sharp intake of breath from Sherlock and even more vigorous kisses down John’s torso.
So soon after my arrival, I felt wonderfully taken care of and everyone sincerely seemed to be trying to make my stay as pleasant as possible. I quickly made new friends, which had always been easy for me in an unfamiliar environment but seemed downright essential in a place like this - after all, I could not ask the Prior for advice every time I had a question! I would have liked to chat a little longer with the other men, but soon the bell tolled for night prayer and we went back to church.
Before I could argue, we both heard the sound of hurrying footsteps on the parquet floor of the hallway.
"See you again in two weeks - and besides," Jonah tried to cheer me up and smiled conspiratorially, "you have Sherlock now."
that he gritted his teeth to get through. Sherlock stiffened at John’s embrace, but when John held on and relaxed, Sherlock lifted his hands and placed them on John’s lower back.
He’d just finished preparing the veg slaw when he heard Sherlock go from the bathroom into the bedroom. John thought about calling out to him to not bother dressing in anything except pyjamas but the oven timer buzzed and John busied himself with finishing preparing the meal.
I nodded in agreement, loosening my legs from the uncomfortable sitting position and stretching, while Jonah got up a little clumsily as well. He also answered the question I probably would have asked him next:
"In any case, he is not here. No one has seen him since early afternoon. He seems to have been swallowed up by the earth. And since you were gone as well, it was likely to suspect that the two of you were making your way to Brother William. "
Time flew by and before I knew it, the men had risen again and recessed with a measured pace towards the exit. Brother Jonah appeared at my side again.
He leaned back and crossed his legs while I leaned forward a bit, touching his knee by accident. I jerked back as if I had burned myself.
Who could have done this to him? Even though I had learned of threats against him, I never thought that anyone could actually succeed in attacking him -  especially here, within the monastery. Here, where not everyone could go in and out, just as he liked! I recalled the floor plan of the building complex. If someone wanted to gain access as an outsider, the only way to get in was through the southern portal of the monastery church, that the worshipers from the surrounding area always used when they wanted to enter and that was closed except for mass, or through the gate on the southwestern side of the monastery where I had rung at my arrival. But there a friar watched over the door every day and night, so that no one could come in unseen. This seemed quite reasonable given the fact that the old books in the library had an incalculable value, not to mention the relics and artifacts in the church. Would someone have been able to hide after the service and then sneak out - as I had the day before - through the western portal? I thought it was likely that a friar would go through the church after the mass, to put out candles, to see if everything was alright, whether someone had forgotten their umbrella in the bench, or had not put their hymns to their intended place.
The next morning after breakfast had finished, Prior Lambert rose from his seat and addressed the assembled brothers.
"Well ..." he replied hesitantly, "We have already been told why Francis will not be back, but what exactly he did, I only know because you told me. And why he did it ... "
It doesnt matter to either of them - those things are hard for both of them to express. Not having to mark a red-letter day on the calendar is a relief to both men.
If the police had not taken him away, I would have killed him on the spot. Never before in my life had I been so infused with hate as in this moment and at the same time, as powerless as never before. I had to do something to channel my anger, otherwise I would beat everything in this room to a pulp. My gaze fell on the golden vessel that still stood on the bedside table. I quickly wrapped it in two more tissues and ran into the nurses' station to ask the way to the lab. Knowing what poison was in the oil could perhaps determine the antidote.
Realization dawned on his face, which seemed to lose all its color, but I did not let myself be bothered by it. He had told me things from his life that one would probably not even trust his best friend with. He deserved to know that I was also honest with him. I took a deep breath and braced myself for what was to came.
At last Mycroft broke the silence. “I understand you have some questions. I will answer what I can.”
"This is brother William, he currently works in the fields of herbal medicine, therefore he is, so to speak, a colleague of yours," Father Lambert introduced him to me and he finally turned around. His bright blue eyes pierced through me, leaving me momentarily speechless.
Sherlock gasped again and John noticed that he’d begun to shiver violently. He wrapped both arms around Sherlock and pulled him close, holding him gently to avoid opening up any of the wounds still healing on his back. “Shhhh,” he soothed, gently rubbing Sherlock’s neck with one hand. “You did the most important thing. You called Lestrade. And now, she’s going to gaol. We’ll find out what your brother heard hints of. And she won’t be able to hurt us. We’re safe now, Sherlock. Because you called.” He buried his face in Sherlock’s curls then turned his head to kiss Sherlock’s temple. “You’re amazing, you know. If you hadn’t followed me…”
One evening, when we sat in the cozy armchairs in front of the fireplace, I brought up a topic that had been bothering me for a long time. I hadn’t dared to address it before:
"I think I'll get sick if I lie down," the curly-haired monk mumbled, nervously rubbing his sweaty hair. Again his hand was covered in blood as he pulled it back. An expression of concern appeared on his face and grew steadily more serious.
The gaunt man stepped back uncertainly, looked at his fellow-brother, then at me, and then stormed out with an angry snort.
"I'm sure your supervisor will ignore it," I smirked, pointing to heaven, which gave the young man a smile. He looked sleepy so I decided to retire.
Well - what now? If I wanted to make this woman believe that I had a right to see Brother William, then I'd better give a plausible answer now. I tried unconventionally to go with the truth.
Before that, however, there was something I had to clarify urgently, so I directed my steps towards the library. And there he sat, hidden in an alcove at the far end of the room, frantically digging in a pile of closely-written papers, running his fingers along the lines, taking notes, picking up a book from the pile to his left, leafing through it, picking up another book, and writing something again. Apparently he had not heard me come, for he shrank violently when I spoke to him.
I also noticed that my mind was no longer fogged by recurring confusing thoughts of Brother William. A smile crept onto my lips; I was ready to open up to new experiences and become part of the community in the weeks ahead. This also meant for me that, however, I needed to settle existing differences, even if they really only existed for me. In fact, Brother William had not behaved differently to me than he had during our brief acquaintance; he was as kind-and as silent-as ever. Nevertheless, I now realized how much I had begun to put each of his gestures  and the rare words literally - even his slight snort during the kitchen service had upset me to the extreme, while I probably would not have reacted at all if, for example, Brother Jonah had made a sound like that.
John looked up toward the ceiling and sighed loudly. “Do you really follow me everywhere?” He sat heavily in the chair he’d vacated. Sherlock took Mary’s former seat and Lestrade took the seat beside John.
to you. I want to jerk you off while I fuck you. I want to suck you till you come in my mouth. I want to spank you and pinch your nipples and...” John grunted as Sherlock’s elbow lost its rhythm, his body clenched and he cried out loudly.
“Eighteen. Yesterday was my birthday. I’m an adult.” Sherlock spoke matter-of-factly while he watched the coal glow on the end of the joint in the ashtray.
“It was in your new employee packet. I expect you to read it and remember the rules. What was your name again?”
John finally felt drowsy enough to fall asleep. He shut the laptop and put it on the floor beside the bed. He didn’t even recall turning over - he was asleep that fast.
He dreaded what he might find in the file. It could blow his simple, easy, uncomplicated life to bits. But he had to know. He couldn’t survive on this anger forever. It took too much energy to stay this mad. He knew that he’d eventually soften toward Sherlock and hated to think of the implication that softening would have to he and Mary.
Only when the driver cleared his throat did they realize the car had stopped in front of 221B. John had the presence of mind to thank the driver as they tumbled out.
"My novitiate ends next week and I want to continue in the Order. However, the other brothers and the Prior have to give their approval. The vote should have taken place long ago but all the chaos in recent weeks, everything was delayed, so they meet this afternoon and make their decision. If all goes well, they will tell me tonight. "
Sherlock stood with his back to one of the floor-to-ceiling windows, his cane leaned against the desk, playing his violin with his eyes closed, his body swaying softly to the rhythm of the song. What had begun as a slow, sustained melody increased more and more to fast, bell-like sequences that brought a touch of spring into the dreary, wintry world. I waited in the doorway until he finished the piece and turned to me.
Anger thrummed through John as he pounded down the steps of Baker Street. He’d intended to stop in for a visit with Mrs. Hudson but was too angry to be good company. He wrenched the front door open and slammed it behind. He winced at the loud noise – it wasn’t fair to Mrs. Hudson to slam about like that. He’d have to remember to apologize the next time he saw her. If there was a next time - he was so angry he doubted if he’d ever see the inside of Baker Street again.
John lay in the muted light of early evening, thinking of all that had transpired in the past few days while the white noise of the shower, combined with post-orgasmic lethargy, threatened to pull him under. He fought the sleepiness - there was so much they needed to talk about, so many plans they needed to make. And he remembered uneasily that Sherlock had not actually invited him to sleep in his bed.
If the situation had not been so serious, I would have been incensed by the medical practitioner's rude refusal; but I just watched the three of them as they turned the corner and struggled to carry the stretcher down the narrow staircase without hurting Brother William. Soon they were completely out of sight and suddenly I did not know what to do anymore - I experienced a complete emptiness I had not felt since coming back to London from Afghanistan. I knew it was inappropriate but Brother William had grown so dear to me in the last few days that the mere thought of him dying in some hospital here in southern England, without a trusted friend by his side, tore me up inside. Of course, I could not deny that I would like to have been the familiar man at his side, but that was absolutely secondary at the moment.
"I was with Brother William but I was there alone. And I did not meet anyone at the hospital ... well, apart from his brother. "
After the experience I had during yesterday's Mass at the sight of his curly head, I tried hard not to look at him now; as he moved along in the dimly lit church with the other brothers, as he sat down in his seat, the slender fingers leafing through the small prayer book and ... damn. Why, exactly, did this happen to me? As much as I tried, as he knelt before the Prior as he’d done the day before and accepted
Another hit. The men here seemed one and all to be extraordinary perceptive. And so I told my story, openly and honestly, as Brother Jonah had been to me. When I finished, he shook his head gently.
Lestrade got to his feet. He gestured toward the door. “Come on, let’s get out of here. I can gather your statements later. I want to get back to the station for her booking.”
John nodded his head sideways toward Sherlock. “He’s been quite ill. Gunshot wound, lots of internal damage. Between work and taking care of him, I’ve kept busy.”
Neither he nor I then spoke a word so I got up and just wanted to say goodbye when the gray-haired man spoke to me again, his voice much softer this time  than before.
Ok, ok. So yyou have a plan and I’m going to pretend you’re dead for a few months. Right. Please, Sherlock, be careful.
Sherlock turned his face to brush John’s lips more firmly with his own, then kiss John’s temple. “There’s nothing to forgive.” Again a soft murmur, as intimate as they could manage with Mycroft looking pointedly away and the driver in the front seat with his eyes trained carefully on the road ahead. He brushed John’s lips again, then held John’s chin in his fingers and kissed him properly, tongue probing between John’s lips in a silent plea for entry.
No answer, just a slight shake of the head, then he sank back into the pillow. I stayed at his side to intervene in case of emergency. I thought bitterly - could it be
I used the time to revisit the Spiritual Exercises of Ignatius Loyola, while Jonah spent much time in silent prayer in the Church preparing for his profession. The bees remained my responsibility. To my great surprise, Jonah had admitted that he had always been afraid of the little creatures since he was stung by a bee at the age of three and nearly died from an anaphylactic shock. He did not have to explain to me, as a doctor, that allergies were no joke.
When I was sure that there was no danger, at least for the moment, I let him go, letting him fall limply as I stepped to Sherlock's bed, pressed the alarm button, and tried to reach out with a handful of tissues from the bedside table to remove as much oil from his skin as possible.
"Later," he waved and walked past me, whispering to me that he was coming to me on his own. "Until then, watch and pray with me, John."
I have to confess that I only listened to Prior Lambert with half an ear during the rest of our tour of the sweeping monastery complex; my thoughts were too preoccupied with the mysterious monk and his dark curls. I scolded myself for a fool; I was like a teenager controlled by his hormones who wasn’t used to thinking with his brain, but … with other parts of his body. It was long ago that I had felt physically attracted to a man and then it was also likely due to the fact that there were no female soldiers in my unit, the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers - so you just had to take what you got.
. He helped Sherlock work his trousers and pants over his hips so they could fall to his ankles and be kicked away.
Sherlock was dressed and waiting for John, groomed to the nines, in ten minutes. John had changed into his best suit, the navy blue double breasted one with narrow trousers he wore to weddings (and funerals, but let’s not think of that now). His starched white shirt gleamed and he’d knotted his burgundy tie with hints of gold in a double Windsor. And he’d used product on his hair. A lot of product. Sherlock swallowed audibly when John stepped into the room and took his hand.
. And they had slept together. Perhaps that was the tiny detail that had thrown me into a crisis, but it opened many questions, which now stormed me with force - and no one could answer. If Brother William was actually homosexual - how could I have allowed him to lick honey from my finger? I had always been reluctant to admit the gesture had sexual undertones, but could there be a different interpretation? My idea of the innocent, god-fearing monk was more or less destroyed and I found myself more convinced than ever that this man knew exactly what he was doing.
"His family is not religious, I do not think any of them would waste a thought to call someone to administer the sacrament. Such actions are the responsibility of the Convent for a religious brother ... "
Father Andrew waved aside with a smile. "You are supposed to experience something here that will help you in your everyday life. If this works - even better! By the way, I saw you with Brother William at the beehives. Do you enjoy beekeeping? "
"I've never seen a beehive from close up," I explained in awe, trying to see something in spite of the distance.
"You have a choice," he told me, "Either stick with our novices whose curriculum today, among other things, includes detailed introduction to our religious rule states, or participate in the apple harvest. I would think, given an alternative, that you would prefer the first one - in fact, you can pick apples anytime you want, you don’t need to join a convent to do that" he added with a wink.
Did you notice - I managed to work in 'tongues battling for domination' in a way that wasn't too cheesy. I've always wanted to do that. :)
particular undertone in my voice. I moved around in front of his chair, grabbed his hands, and pulled him out of his chair.
"I’ll …better leave..." I muttered and quickly scrambled out into the corridor. Even if it did not matter to me - my curiosity was aroused and I burned to know what it was up with the letter ...
He held out the file folder toward John. John let Sherlock’s hang in the air between them for long seconds. At last he raised his hand to take the folder as he stood. “What’s this then?” he asked coldly.
Before I was even able to reply, he had pulled the door closed behind him and disappeared. I jumped up and rushed after him. He was far ahead of me with his long legs, but as he was about to turn the corner, I jumped forward, tried to get hold of his habit, but slipped onto the smooth stone tile and pulled him to the ground with me. The candle struck the floor with a dull sound but did not go out, so I could still see Brother William at least as a shadow when he sat up again.
The unexpected words made me cringe because I had not heard the door open, nor had I heard steps. I looked up and saw standing before me the tall monk with shiny black hair, who the day before had been completely absorbed in his scientific studies. Since then he’d taken little notice of me - and who with his greeting had just
When the novice noticed us, he got up, came towards us, stopped short and took the tray from my hands with a short, silent bow. Instead of sitting down at the small table in front of the window, he stopped and waited to see if Father Andrew had anything to say to him. But he only announced that we would be back in twenty minutes and led me out of the room.
"Well," I said with a spiteful undertone and looked at him defiantly in spite of his vast height, "His family obviously was not in much of a hurry to look after him."
"Only two of them joined the Order after me. And only one of them has a lilt that doesn’t seem to suit the south of England ... "
“And then we came home, and the next day my father was gone. Seemed he and my mum agreed to give Harry and me one last family Christmas. Dad left the next day. They got divorced, he moved in with the other woman. We never went back to the farm. And…” John stopped, breath ragged.
It also reminded me too well of this terrible feeling which had taken possession of me when I first went to confession as a child. I had sweated blood and water, not knowing what to say; I’d started stuttering. The priest, however, apparently accustomed to such situations, had spoken to me gently and by careful questioning helped me conclude that I could finally tell from the depths of my heart what depressed me. Even today I remembered my confession that I had stolen some coins from my mother’s wallet. I had wanted to go to the movies with my friends and asked her for money, but my mother had replied that we could not afford it. I had been angry and had made a mess looking for her handbag when she was in the kitchen preparing the dinner - I found it where I’d expected and had snuck a few pounds. If she would not allow me this little joy, I would just take what I needed. When I returned from school the next day, my mother was strangely silent.
to John. It didn’t take a lot of effort or energy on his part. It was nothing like the excitement, the passion, the adrenaline he and Sherlock had shared.
I would like to talk about the future. I had so many questions that he alone could answer - but how was that supposed to work? Should I ask him in sign language what he wanted to do after he was released from the hospital? Would he go back to the monastery? Or if he ... with me ... As much as I wanted to know - now was just not the right time. Apart from the fact that I didn’t known the sign for 'convent' and, to be honest, I was too cowardly to ask out of fear for getting an unwanted response.
I wasn’t ready for the sight that greeted me in Sherlock’s light-flooded room. It felt unreal to see this strong man so weak and needy. After all, he was able to breathe independently again. O
like a physical barrier between them, he’d closed himself off even as Sherlock did his utmost to be strong, to be the one John could lean on when he was down. Instead of leaning in, John had leaned away. And now, here they were, separated by the kitchen table, separated by the word
His gaze flashed in all directions as if he was worried that someone could listen to our conversation. Two friars were walking along the cloister, apparently in a discussion, as the gestures of one of the men were telling. He looked after them until they disappeared around the corner, but then just shook his head again, quite uneasily, as if this gesture were too much communication. I sighed. Why did he suddenly act like that? What might the Prior have said to him that he was now shy, almost frightened? I began to worry. So far I had experienced him friendly, quick-witted, and even angry - but anxious? Was it the concern for Brother Jonah, whom he still protected? I could not imagine it was solitude - he lived in a rather retired mood, so this shouldn’t upset him that much. I just could not explain it and it seemed inconvenient to talk about the subject that really mattered to me. But there was something else I wanted to talk about.
He found himself in a long, dark hallway with several dark wood doors. The closest door revealed a storage room stacked with paper products. The next door led to an large office furnished with a huge, dark wood desk and dark red velvet sofas. A bar filled with top shelf liquor stood off to the side of the seating area. Sherlock slipped in and closed the door behind him. He set the plate of food on the desk then circled the large office. He opened another door and found a closet filled with suits and shirts. He slipped on a white dress shirt over  his T-shirt. The sleeves were too short and the neck was too big but it would have to do. Next he chose a black suit jacket and red patterned tie. Like the shirt, the jacket was ill fitting but not so bad that a casual observer would notice. With his black jeans and black Converse All Stars, he could pass as a patron.
"Let's not talk about it anymore. I've said too much already ... anyway, if I think about it, you probably know more about me now than my confessor! "
This part of the story was a good memory; Sherlock could feel how the tension in John’s chest eased as he remembered the sledding party.
"He sometimes seems rather peculiar to outsiders who do not know him, and it certainly seems a little bit strange to people to get in contact with a man who committed himself to a life in silence, but ..."
Sherlock dialed Mycroft’s number. He rubbed his eyes with one hand as he waited for his brother to pick up. At last Mycroft’s bored tone drawled, “Hello?”
"Always a pleasure to see you, Doctor," he mumbled, trying to free himself from my grasp, which only made me pound his head again against the pale plaster. It left a dark red blood stain.
Relief flooded John at Sherlock’s words. He leaned down and kissed Sherlock tenderly. “I wasn’t sure…”
"Yes, of course, his wounds had to be stitched and he will have to stay a few more days for observation, although fortunately he is not as badly injured as he first appeared. I just do not understand your request - that you felt the need to look for Brother William, after you were nearly a witness to his poisoning and made sure that he got immediate medical treatment. But you hardly had any closer contact with Brother Francis, or am I wrong? "
Absentmindedly, Jonah, with one hand, gently stroked the cord that wrapped his waist-the cingulum, as I now knew-and touched the three knots in turn. I clearly remembered who and under which circumstances I had seen this gesture before. When he noticed my gaze, Jonah looked up at me.
Even though I was still wondering how far he would have gone - what might have evolved from our relationship - if the overwhelming events of the last days hadn’t happened. Was he really so serious with his faith that he could easily hide all the human feelings? Did he not he have weak moments in which he doubted his calling? Never? Doubts were only human, as were the emotions which had overwhelmingly overtaken him today. He did not seem to me to be the type of person who was able to handle such feelings. I had a completely new idea - what if he had just taken a vow of silence to distance himself from others? If this was the reason and not, as he had led all the others believe, his desire to build a deeper relationship with God - that would at least explain why he was breaking his silence for a few people. Such people who approached him in a certain way. As for Jonah, I was well aware that the two spent much time together; after all, William was his mentor. What did it mean then that he also involve me in the small circle of people he seemed to trust?
Sherlock glanced up from the petri dish he was swirling. He raised an eyebrow to for John to continue.
Again it was Brother Jonah's voice and he sounded frightened to death. The other man remained calm but suddenly he was in a hurry, as I could hear from the sudden rustle of robes.
I looked shyly at my conversation partner. He lay there mute, his lips so tightly pressed together that they glimmered almost bluish. A single tear peeled from the corner of his right eye and ran down his cheek before it fell into the pillow.
The scruff brings out a different side of Sherlock, which brings out a different side of John. Sex with his scruffy lover is darker, almost violent. Instead of their normal give and take, it’s take and take and take some more, both of them wringing pleasure from the other until they’re utterly spent.
. With a deeply satisfied groan, John added his own release to the mess on his belly, and Sherlock kissed him through it, kept kissing when John’s mouth went slack, kept kissing until John was once again able to return it to him. At last they broke apart when Sherlock lowered himself to his side, facing John, and leaned his cheek against John’s shoulder. John circled Sherlock’s shoulder and they lay loose and quiet while they caught their breath.
Biting the inside of his cheek until he tasted iron, John struggled to keep control so he could fuck Sherlock through his orgasm. It was only when he saw Sherlock’s back sag and Sherlock quieted that John gave in to his own urgent need. He thrust deep one final time then quickly pulled out, slotting his cock against Sherlock’s cleft and rutting savagely as sparks flew up his spine then coalesced downward again. Orange and silver starbursts burst on the backside of his eyelids as he groaned and gave in to the pulses of pleasure. His ruts were slicked by his own hot semen and continued to press into Sherlock’ flesh, moaning loudly, as he rode out the last few weakening pulses.
"Well, that was probably not a very intelligent thing to say in the face of his vow, but I already knew him as a very calm and self-contained man when he came to us a year ago. He decided to take this vow very quickly, because he wanted to concentrate fully on his relationship with God - and some people can do it best if they are not distracted by conversations. "
Through the thin fabric I could see his eyes screw up, but at the same time he was smiling. I wanted to approach him to watch him work, but he commanded me to stand where I was with his hand raised.
He did as he was told and turned his face to the window while Brother Elijah removed his shoes from his feet. I went on looking for disinfectant and dressing material, then bent to my job. As soon as I had touched the drenched scalp of the blond with a cotton ball wet with disinfectant, he gave a heart-rending cry and held his hands over his head.
I wanted to make a joke, but I just couldn’t; a single look at the motionless body in front of me was enough to wipe any hint of a smile from my lips. With a sigh, I leaned forward and buried my face in the folds of his hospital gown, feeling his heartbeat and the warmth of his body against my cheek.
"Nobody ordered a priest here! There's someone in his room who's probably out to harm him. Mr Holmes is in a coma because someone tried to kill him - please don’t let it happen again! "
I still had some spare time before setting out for the complet, so I could go back to my room for a few quiet minutes. As soon as I opened the door, I saw the book that lay in the middle of my bed:
"It's not stupid, John. As I said before, no one could pretend to be so well off for such a long time if he had not found favor with such a way of life in any way. He has come to terms with life here because, in a way, it suits his nature. Maybe apart from the obedience vow. "
They held still, both hands and body motionless while Sherlock's lips lingered on John’s temple in a soft caress while he made soft comforting sounds. John pulled in long breaths through his nose and blew them out his mouth and relaxed his weight against Sherlock’s firm form behind him until he felt the fire recede a little. The ember still glowed in his belly but the urgent, white-hot flames subsided.
As I slid into the church bench and opened the prayer book, I felt empowered for the first time that day, ready for what was coming. Full of fervor, I entered into the chorale of the brethren and at last felt that strong feeling of security and confidence that I had been seeking for so long.
They agreed to check in with each other each December. Perhaps one or both will change their mind and want to engage in the Holiday season. Perhaps not. Either way, they will always have each other. Always.
Sounds of disbelief filled the crowd of gathered brothers as they stepped back and turned to the accused, forming a semicircle around him.
And if those arms were pledged to hold another? Well, that was just a formality, a piece of paper and a few words spoken in front of a priest. It didn’t mean anything, didn’t
"In the coming weeks, you’ll live as our religious brothers live. This means that you’ll participate in the religious life here, celebrate mass with us and attend the Liturgy of the Hours. We want to be clear that this will be a big change for you, especially when it comes to prayer times, so you are exempted from participating in the nighttime vigil. Which of course does not mean that we would not be happy if you still participate. "
"I told you that I gave up my studies after my mother died." He hesitated. "It was a very difficult time for me. I have no brothers and sisters and my father fell into depression with grief, he was hardly approachable and I simply could not stand being at home anymore. Instead of studying for my exams, I'd been drifting. At first, my friends tried to help me, but they also had to think about their future and had no time and probably no desire to go out every night. I got to know new people - the sort of people who promise you heaven and earth and know that they will not keep their promises. I tried to deaden my pain by partying every night. But at some point a new day came and with it all the thoughts I tried to suppress so stubbornly. I just wanted to forget. And if you want to forget, and run with the wrong people, heroin seems like an acceptable alternative. "
. The word lay between them, a nearly-physical presence on the table, spreading out and smothering the dishes with its gray-green-purple repulsiveness. Once spoken, it couldn’t be un-spoken. Once heard, it lived on and on. And now there it was, vibrating in the air of their flat, tainting everything in their home with its miasma.
I took a seat in one of the front pews to have a good view of the events in the sanctuary - after all, a Profession was not something I experienced every day, even though Jonah had already informed me that it was a small celebration, because it was "only" temporary, not eternal profession. It didn’t matter to me - for Jonah this event was a big step and I was honored to be there, even though we had only known each other for a short time.
“I won’t write you up for this. Consider this a warning, Sam. Next time, a warning slip will go into your file.”
"No, it’s okay." I cleared my throat. Under no circumstances did I want to give the impression that there was in fact someone in whom I was interested right now - Brother William would have immediately
"Possibly. Or you would look for someone who had the same goal as you and you do not have to blackmail because he volunteered to carry out the crime. "
With a soft click the hour hand of the alarm clock jumped to ten and I decided to go to bed. The day had been exhausting and I was too tired to keep my eyes open any longer so I slipped into my pajamas and under the blankets. I was about to float away into the land of dreams as I heard soft noises followed by a flickering light that lit the room. I blinked and just wanted to sit up as the door was closed with a soft click and the key was turned around.
John’s Army-trained instincts took over and he reached for the gun, striking as fast as a cobra. Before Mary had time to process his blur of his movement, the tables were turned and she found the gun pointed at her own chest. The look she gave John was pure dismay. “John?” she asked weakly.
"John, I know that all this must be hard for you to understand. But in this case we had no choice but to arrest Brother Jonah. The two police officers, after all that has happened in the past few days in our Convent, were extremely eager to finally produce results. It is only thanks to the intervention of the Prior that Brother Jonah was not taken to jail and therefore we must do everything we can to ensure that the police do not rethink their decision. Although we are not in a bad financial position, it will be difficult to raise bail if Brother Jonah were in jail - and I certainly do not need to explain why we are keen to prevent a young monk from being remanded to custody. "
John and Sherlock never celebrate an anniversary. Sherlock thinks it’s a stupid societal custom intended to force people to patronize expensive restaurants and florists. John can’t decide which date would constitute their anniversary.
