“Call me if you want me to fuck you again,” he says over his shoulder.
one died, like murderous Russian dolls. It was only after every layer was peeled back did we see the scope of Moriarty’s plan to destroy me. I'll give you one guess as to how he planned to do that. No?"
As soon as John gets home, he jumps in the shower and then gets dressed for the party. Unlike their usual get-togethers, his group of friends are having an early night now that Bernie and Olivia are mothers of a newborn. Rebecca said anytime between seven and eight, but right before he walks into the Baker Street station, he says
that I've only had for the last two days. How many times do we have to tell you that?"
"I can't wait to try tea," Sherlock said rubbing his hands together gleefully as he followed Chatsworth back into the dining room.
"Bit late for that," John says, his eyes on his plate. He takes a bite of stuffed mushroom, and doesn't bother to look up at Sherlock.
"Yes, the shadowy, government agent brother."
him, it had
"Yes," John says, and tousles Sherlock's sweaty, inky curls, and Sherlock grunts, twisting his head away from John, and says, "You're a menace."
"—he was completely honest with me about his injuries." John talks over Sherlock's protests, "but he's just admitted to lying about an injury that he, for some reason, doesn't want me to know about.
And yeah, he and Gerald didn't jump immediately into the kinky things, but it was only a matter of a couple of months. He and Sherlock have been together for four months, and shouldn't he be more comfortable with Sherlock than he'd been with Gerald?
, and realizes he needs to kiss him
Without further comment, Mycroft does just that. Greg grips John's hand and then Sherlock's and says, "After this is all over, we need to go out for a pint," and John smiles and nods his head agreeably.
John stills his hand for a minute on top of Gerald's head, trying to catch up.
"Should I take my shoes off?" John calls through the office door.
John trotted back to where Chatsworth stood. "What if he goes too far?"
"If I can help you get an erection, can you do this?"
"I do want you," John says, and waits.
"Which is far too old to start having children—"
"Through the kitchen and then to the left. It's tucked up under the stairs."
"Lie face down on the bed. Move towards the other side until just the tips of your toes reach the floor. Now, turn your face to the foot of the bed," Gerald says, his voice a little more clipped than it was. "Stretch your arms out towards the other side of the bed as far as you can. Perfect, John.”
Milton begins to stir in John's arms so he stands and passes him off to Rebecca. Then John grasps the elbow that Rebecca only just released a minute before and turns towards the group. The looks of salacious eagerness on their faces makes him laugh again.
He tries to put his arm around Sherlock but he ends up face down on the bed. Of course he knew Sherlock wasn't really here but he thought he could pretend a little longer. He's crying and his cheeks are wet and his hand is wet because he has just masturbated in Sherlock's bed. Sherlock has been dead less than two hours and John has used that time to have a wank in his bed. He wipes his hand on the place where Sherlock was lying. He can't look at the wet spot because the shame overwhelms him.
Mrs. Gonzales's face contorts in pain and John's focus snaps back like a rubber band pulled tight, shocking him out of his head. He pulls his stethoscope off his neck to listen to her heart and thinks
They hold hands all the way up the stairs. At the top, there is a short hallway that crooks to the right. There are two doors on the left, but Gerald leads him past them and turns right where the hallway abruptly ends in front of a door that has an actual
His heart whispers
John is really ninety-seven percent certain that he's going to die of love right now as he watches Sherlock soothe the baby with such natural competence.
anyway, Sherlock. In case you've forgotten, you've been tortured and—oh, let's not forget your wounded arse, so, no—I wasn't expecting to be fucking you any time soon."
And the plot thickens...
John smirked, but his face paled as Sherlock's egg began to wiggle around in its nest. There were tearing and tapping sounds coming from inside.
and John pulls off, sliding Gerald's foreskin over his glans again and again with the fingers of his right hand, his left hand working up and down the shaft in counterpoint until Gerald comes. It is
"Oh, hey," John says flatly, his nose still clearly congested.
"Unlike you, I can go more than ten hours without an orgasm," John breathes. He turns around and Sherlock pulls him into an embrace, the thin cotton of his pajamas doing nothing to mask the hard length of his cock against John's abdomen. "Jesus," John whispers as Sherlock aggressively pushes John's pajama bottoms down, and says, "You should be naked
"Probably for you to have stayed dead," John says and grins in spite of the subject matter.
, John thinks,
"Oh, is that it, then? You wouldn't be so angry if I'd done it
"Jesus
The interrogations start immediately. They want to know why he's there to assassinate Brankovich. He's not, actually – that job belongs to someone else. Sherlock's job, as it has been on each mission, is intel gathering so the MI6 agents can go in and do their job. His interrogations start off with physical abuse that's relatively mild. Backhanded slaps, punches to the gut. He can survive the pain, but it's the daily indignations that wear him down. He's not allowed to bathe and the long hair he's dyed blonde is eventually covered in lice. He must use a bucket to relieve himself and he's only let out twice a week to empty it, which adds to the general malodour of his prison cell. They withhold food and when that doesn't work, they withhold water, and when
"Hardly," Sherlock says and leans close to kiss her so she knows he's teasing.
Sherlock glares at him, and John laughs, then rolls off of Sherlock. By the time, Sherlock has stood up, and unzipped his trousers, John has shimmied his way out of his scrubs, and has his thumbs hooked in his pants. Sherlock surges forward to stop him.
John says nothing, only stares, openmouthed. For a moment neither of them moves. Then John inches his way around his chair and into the kitchen, keeping his wide eyes on Sherlock as he does.
"Please tell me it will get easier," John said, ignoring the reference to the
Sherlock keeps nodding, looking as earnest as he can because, yes,
At precisely eight a.m., John gets a phone call from Mycroft.
He's an
. I thought you sent him here?"
"Mr. Holmes is a genius and comes from a family of geniuses. I imagine he assumes Sherlock will be just as brilliant as the rest of them. Unfortunately, Mr. Holmes tends to conflate being brilliant with not having to give in to such weaknesses as eating and sleeping."
"No. John gets to keep his
"God, I'm sorry, Sherlock, I wasn't thinking," John says. "Let me look at you. Wait, let's go into the kitchen. I need to get a good look at you."
John's close relationship to his friends makes Sherlock insecure and he can admit to that. But he's only been home four months and for most of that he's barely caught a moment to breathe. Meeting John's cozy little group of friends hasn't been high on the list of things to do. He knows how important it was to John that Sherlock attend this party. Knowing Gerald will be there is even worse—Sherlock won't be able to stop himself from comparing the two of them and tallying up all the ways in which Gerald is better.
John showers, makes tea and toast, and forces Sherlock to eat. John dresses in scrubs—dark purple today, which seems almost pornographic, like he's advertising the color his cockhead is when he's desperately aroused. John kisses Sherlock before he leaves for work, and murmurs into his ear, "My arse is sore," and gives him a saucy grin, and Sherlock wants to fuck him up against the wall. Instead, he gets a rough, but brief kiss, John's tongue invading Sherlock's mouth, but withdrawing right when Sherlock is getting heated up.
" John's voice rises out of him on flames, and his throat burns, and his heart burns, and his eyes burn, and moisture drips onto John's cheeks.
Sherlock gives a particularly long and melodramatic noise of irritation, sounding like a cat trying to cough up a furball.
Clutching the note in his hand, he began digging carefully through the shredded cardboard. Handfuls went sailing and fell, unheeded, to the floor. John encountered a raw, undyed silk wrapping, which he slowly and gently tugged loose, revealing a mess of cotton wool batting. This too he folded open.
"Shit," Elspeth says quietly.
"I'm not going to
There's silence for a few moments and then John asks about Zivko, his thumb rubbing soothing circles along the inside of Sherlock's forearm. There's a patch of the fungal infection on Sherlock's right thigh and it's itching like mad, a counterpoint to the soothing movement of John's thumb. Sherlock surreptitiously scratches at it with the binding around his wrist. He takes a deep breath and lets it out.
that you do not leave the flat, Sherlock."
"Last year. It's not important—we can catch up later. If you break any rules, you'll get a firsthand tour of where I work, because I
"Wait a minute—we're in a relationship that involves sex. How can they be separate things?"
"At my
Sherlock said nothing but he lifted the end of his tail to peek out at John. John leaned forward, elbows on his knees, and covered his face with his hands. How was this his life? This little dragon was both his heart's friend and an absolute bloody drama queen pain in the arse.
"My Belstaff and red stilettos," Sherlock says suddenly, fast and breathless, his eyes still on the screen of his laptop, his hands frozen above the keys.
Suddenly, Gerald lets out a terrible, choked off wail and his face seems to fold in on itself before he covers it with his hands. John stays frozen in place. Gerald's hands drop to his sides, tears spilling over his cheeks. John notices what he hadn't when he walked in—the smudged bruises under Gerald's eyes, the unusually pale quality of his skin. He's been
"Figure out his kink," she says, almost to herself before she looks at John, and waggles her eyebrows suggestively, before saying, "Fulfill his nastiest, filthiest fantasy in exchange for his attendance to the party."
"If you two have worked things out, we need to get back to practicing shifting."
The door is unlocked; inside he sets his bag down so that he can hang up his coat. Inside the bag is the file from the embassy infirmary detailing his injuries and giving instructions for their care and a few pairs of pajama bottoms, t-shirts, and socks—brand new but washed—that Mycroft had the foresight to bring to the embassy infirmary with him.
of my relationship with
Sherlock pulled his face out of John's neck, staring up at him wide-eyed. All his limbs tightened around John, his tail squeezing John's middle with surprising strength. "Oh
, but what comes out is a confession. He tells John everything—about the abuse, the deprivation, the box, the rapes—all of it except Zivko.
were seducing
For about five seconds, John was confused at the one-eighty Sherlock had taken and then he realized what he'd said. Flustered, he dropped Sherlock's arm and stepped back several paces. "That's not what I meant! I meant you're too young. You don't know what you want and you can't just trust any old person simply because you want to have sex."
"I could spend a thousand years mapping your freckles and never map them all," he says. "It's like your skin is covered in tiny ginger stars."
"I don't like him," Sherlock said in what John suspected was supposed to be a whisper, but was audible to everyone in the room.
"Yeah, we call that
"What?" John murmured, frowning. He rarely displeased Chatsworth. In fact, John seemed to be an endless source of amusement for him.
and then Sherlock lets him go and John stumbles backwards, tucking himself back into his bottoms before he flees the former sanctuary of his bedroom and up the back stairs into his old room where he drops to the edge of the bed, shivering, waiting for Gerald, staring at the wall across the room, fat tears rolling out of his eyes and dripping onto his shaking hands.
John's eyes narrowed. "Listen, you arrogant—" only to stop when Sherlock demanded,
John narrowed his eyes. "You agreed to that a little too quickly. I'm not sure I trust you."
Even before he hears the warm rumble of that voice or sees that head of inky curls, he knows that Sherlock is here. John goes still, so shocked that he can't even shake his head to answer when Jasper nudges him and asks, "Do you know who it is?"
, any more than Sherlock's flashback was a result of having
"If you
"Uh. What, uh—would happen? I mean, are you going to have sex with me while I'm wearing them or—?"
"Let's wrap it up for now," Chatsworth suggested. "Sherlock, why don't you try shifting back."
"And you don't think my brother would benefit from seeing a therapist?"
he knew the thing. Impatiently, John looked around for something solid to put his paper on, but gave up. With a grunt of irritation, he held the paper against the wall and scrawled:
doctor's office, we medical professionals tend to encourage covering up the patient as much as possible." Then he added, "For their dignity."
hugs or
John bites his lips and tries not to laugh, but John is terrible at hiding his feelings, which is part of the problem—Sherlock can see the desire in John's eyes, and the way they linger on Sherlock's body. (If Sherlock is wearing a button down and trousers, but rolls his sleeves up, John licks his lips 20% more than when Sherlock's sleeves are buttoned at the wrist. If he
John frowns at the digital words crawling along the small screen of the pager. "It says fire—primary school—"
"Oh. Right," Sherlock nods, and dashes to the bedroom, where he pulls on clean pajama bottoms and t-shirt. After deliberating, he shrugs on his tartan dressing gown, ties it, and walks out into the sitting room to see John holding an animated conversation with Greg, while Mycroft ignores them. It's the first time Greg has seen Sherlock since he faked his death.
"Fuck," he says, pulling it out and checking the message.
John feels like a bit of an arsehole for the way he's going about this, but Sherlock needs to be drawn in, made to see his own error. That's the only way he'll believe it.
"Hey, gimme—yeah—" John mutters, gathering some slick onto his own hand so he can work Sherlock's ignored erection. Sherlock is all but silent, until John draws his tongue in a thick line along his jaw and up to his ear. He bites the shell of Sherlock's ear, earning himself a sharp moan, the hand on his cock speeding up with perfect talent. The buzzer sounds downstairs, and Sherlock mutters, "Mrs. Hudson will get it," against John's lips. Sherlock has moved from working him with controlled strokes and is now focused almost exclusively on the head of John's cock. The prickling heat of impending orgasm begins to coalesce, and John teeters right on the edge when Sherlock jerks and shudders against him, his semen coating the back of his hand.
—people who need his time, need his focus, people with whom he has rapport and kinship. He can't just throw them all in the skip because Sherlock bloody Holmes is back.
“Come home with me,” Blaine says again but without the aggressive confidence of earlier. He’s far more undone than Sherlock and Sherlock is fucking undone.
Chatsworth gave John a flat look. "I'm a dragon. He's a dragon. This is a dragon rite of passage, the first flight. He'll be fine; he won't go too far."
Rebecca's eavesdropping on their conversation and comes over to say, "You mean the world doesn't begin and end with Milton?" giving her sister a wide-eyed look of mock surprise.
Sherlock tries to pull his legs up into the chair in anticipation of a sulk, but he's in too much pain, and just ends up hunched over. John's face falls into concerned indecision—Sherlock can see him warring with himself
John favors Sherlock with his full wattage grin, the one that shows all his teeth and Sherlock feels the weight of the last eighteen months drop away. It's not so much that it
!" John shouts, and rubs his face roughly.
"John, I'm sorry, I had to leave. Moriarty had a sniper on you and he would've shot you if they didn't see me jump. Then Moriarty killed himself—"
"What I do isn't a joke, John."
Sherlock wakes to an empty bed. The digital clock on the bedside table says it's forty-five minutes after six in the morning. Sherlock strains his ears to listen, but the flat is silent. Surely John hasn't already left for work?
Sherlock is shaking—John watches dumbly, overwhelmed by the nerve-jangling, gut-punch switch from hot sex to nightmare.
"Right," Sherlock says, nodding. "And, uh, why, exactly, did we rent this house for the next few months?"
He doesn't sound too upset about it.
"Well, when you told him about our—wait," Sherlock says slowly, creeping closer to the bed, eyes hooded like they were when he was seeing the things nobody else could. "
John puts the box of condoms behind them on the bed, and slides to the floor on his knees. Sherlock's lost more than half of his erection during the past ten minutes, but the sight of John kneeling between his legs is enough to remind his brain where to shunt some blood.
"Ye-es," John says, eyebrows lifted in a question.
"Can we talk?" John asks, collapsing on the bed, the wall at his back, and Sherlock to his left. He draws his knees up and rests his arms on them, his hands hanging loosely.
"How did you manage that?" Sherlock asks, eyes narrowed at John in surprise.
John stares at her incredulously over his clipboard while the nurse hovers around waiting for instructions. "Tell me which pain started first."
man or
," Sherlock says. In his mouth, the name is a lament and he loosens his hold on John's hands so he can cradle John's head in his hands. He brings their foreheads together and repeats John's name over and over until the nightmare begins to ease out of his bones. John reaches up to cup his cheeks and he murmurs
"I'm sorry, Sherlock, it was my fault—"
(See the end of the chapter for
His chin dimples, like a child's, as a precursor to tears, and he looks so innocent in that moment, with his silly topknot, that John has to swallow a sob in order to speak.
John seems to accept this explanation, or is too tired to complain, but it takes him ages to relax against Sherlock's body. Sherlock counts out the minutes, his own eyes beginning to droop
tell, but the fewer people who know, the easier this will be and trust me—we are in an uphill battle here. It is
"Well, it's been coming and going for a couple weeks now. You know, we're not from London. My daughter and I, we come to see my niece's baby. She's quite young to be havin' a baby, but, you know—babies are always a blessing, Dr. Watson, don't you think?"
"You should wash your hands, too," Sherlock says, scowling at the offending item in the bin. John huffs in exasperation, but complies, and hears Sherlock call from the bedroom, in his
"I'll watch out for Toby," John assured Lauren before he left.
That single "if" caused a cold, all too familiar dread to settle over John, pricking at the back of his neck, along his shoulders, and working its way steadily towards his heart.
"It's probably not worth mentioning," Mike concluded, "You and your sister have been through enough recently."
Mary lifted her arm to her chest, rubbing the abused flesh. She had to be in pain, but her expression was calm as she lifted her eyes to his. "Another two seconds and you would have dislocated my elbow." Her eyes were sad, and there was no accusation in her voice, still John felt guilty.
"Right," John murmured, tapping his foot impatiently on the living room floor as he listened to some tediously irritating hold music. Two, maybe three minutes later, Harry's voice carried over the line.
The next day was more of a trial than John had been anticipating. Not because of any difficult cases, but because of his own fatigue. There was just enough routine in his day that there were no helpful bursts of adrenaline to assist John in sloughing off his sluggishness, but coffee helped.
"John?" Sherlock gasped, feeling his would-be mate draw the soft skin of the lobe into his mouth and gently scrape his teeth against it.
Sherlock leaned down to meet him, losing himself in sensation. The room swayed slightly, and Sherlock pulled back to realize that John was carrying him to his own bedroom, one hand tugging his shirt free from his trousers.
ways. He as John's, and John was his...
an assistant, but Sherlock wasn't that stupid. He dealt with all manner of people, so naturally he would be unflappable, but he wasn't about to be walked over, hence his quick and subtly threatening actions when Sherlock had actually touched him. He could be a useful resource of information, but Marcus was not likely to respond to Sherlock's typical methods of intimidation and manipulation.
There was a some applause, not thunderous, but not pitiful either. Bryan had an audience, and he was determined to lead them. Sherlock still and to endure twenty minutes of speeches before Lestrade
you properly."
Mary frowned. "No, why?"
Sherlock's face was a mask of neutrality as he stared unseeing into the microscope, but his mind whirled with activity.
with him.
John was gone..
God he had been
laptop used to be the one he used.
"Ah, naturally," John murmured shaking his head at himself and his crazy flatmate. He decided to make himself at least somewhat useful and keep guard by the study windows. They faced the street and offered a decent view of the front door of the townhouse. The ex-army doctor positioned himself so that the curtains on the windows would obscure him from view, but not block his view of the front door, and watched.
: Through the Looking Glass
John blinked at her as she led him out into the hallway, not sure if he should be pleased or worried by her enthusiasm. In the end he decided to be grateful for her company, and let the rest fall where it may.
"What's wrong?" she asked, jogging up to close the distance between them. Her arm was still in a cast and a sling. It was healing well, but it would still be at least four weeks before it was out of said cast, and another four weeks, at least, while she got her strength back.
In his peripheral vision, John could see the scowl spreading across Sherlock's face. "Sure enough. When we pass that alleyway up ahead, we're going to duck into it."
John thumbed through the envelopes, some of which were prospective cases for Sherlock, that would only end up stuck to the mantelpiece with a knife, and smiled when he recognized his sister's scratchy writing. He plucked the letter from the rest of the stack, and tore it open. He hoped she was still doing well, but braced himself just in case. Recovery, like any major life change, had its ups and downs. Leaning back in his chair once more, he began to read.
Pulling back, John braced his hands on her shoulders and kissed her forehead. "You'd better go, or you'll miss your flight."
"Patience," Sherlock advised with a smug smile, knowing he had his audience hooked. "I was walking past the southernmost dormitories, which curved past a small bit of woodland on campus. I was practicing my skills of observation heavily in those days, although I wasn't sure yet what I would do with them. As such, I noticed both the trail of an adder that had recently passed by, as well as signs that a person had fallen off the road and into the woods, knocking out some branches as they went. I looked over the edge of the embankment into the beginning of the woods and saw a body slumped in the leaves, so close to the small wall of earth that I don't think anyone would have seen it if they didn't have a strong sense of deductive reasoning, or they knew what they were looking for.
John did not have a good day.
Sherlock nodded, pocketing his phone as Mycroft ended the call. He had rehearsals to get to.
"I had my gallbladder removed when I was twenty. You can live without your gallbladder just fine, and mine was full of stones, causing lots of pain, so it had to go. Of course, just because I can live without a gallbladder, it doesn't mean there aren't consequences."
The man, Bill Wiggins, was Sherlock's longest standing member of the Baker Street Irregulars. Sherlock had commissioned him as the head of this last little project, which Sherlock had coded, "The Pressure Cooker." As much as Sherlock despised the dramatization of the names John assigned his cases when he posted them on his blog, this code name allowed for a casual discussion between two semi-delirious homeless persons which no passerby would think anything of, or even remember.
"Twelve years," she replied slowly, swirling her wine glass and staring into it. "Sean and I settled here after university. Took us a while to tie the knot, weddings are expensive no matter how simple they are."
Sherlock lifted his hand and ran his fingertips down the spine. He paused, shifted his hand and repeated the gesture with The Principles and Practice of Medicine. What he felt, combined with his certainty that people were idiots, compelled Sherlock to lift The Practical Management of Pain from the shelf. Sherlock held the book closed so that the spine was parallel to the floor, then let it fall open in his hands. If there was a page the book was opened to most often, this method of opening the book would highlight that section. Most of the pages were intact, but near back of the book, the pages swelled unnaturally, indicating a bookmark of some sort. Sherlock turned a few pages, the book had opened close to the back, and was confronted with an obituary.
Tim had almost finished med school and was one of the newer residents. He was also struggling with this rotation in accident and emergency. He wanted to practice family medicine, and his time here had only cemented that, but he had four more weeks to go before his rotation at Charing Cross would be complete. John wanted him to succeed; he had all the makings of a good doctor. Not all doctors were suited for accident and emergency, and there was nothing wrong with that, despite the doubts some instructors and supervisors might try to instill in their students or supervisees.
He was just reaching down to retrieve a suitable mug when his phone trilled. Sherlock set the mug down on the counter with a sharp clatter and laboriously fished his phone out of his jacket pocket.
It was possible this was all there was too it, a company in trouble, and an ill, elderly man pushing himself too far... but it wouldn't hurt to be thorough.
Movement caught his eye, and John lifted his head to watch Sherlock making his way across the street. His long, Belstaff coat hid the repairman disguise he wore beneath it. The good doctor had to admit that it was a well thought out scheme. As Sherlock had explained before they left that morning, '
"No!" Susan insisted, her eyes snapping open and fixing on Sherlock. "No, that won't happen, I protect my clients!" Her voice was shaky but it was clear, and loud enough to reach some of the crowd around them. Her shoulders were drawn back now because she'd lifted her head and straightened slightly.
"James," John repeated with a smile, "It's nice to meet you too. Thanks again, you're really doing me a big favor here."
"I didn't think it was possible to
Mycroft strode through the doorway with his usual air of imposing authority. He, like Sherlock, was unusually tall, which aided his powers of intimidation. Lately, however, he'd begun wearing immaculately tailored suits which made it look like he could rule the world. If he wanted to, Sherlock was sure that Mycroft
had he missed this?!
: Wait For Me
John swallowed, hard.
John scowled at the bruise, though his temper was slightly mollified by James's concern. "Mycroft."
John returned her smile, and pulled her into a fierce hug. "Take care of yourself."
Haltingly, Susan lifted her eyes from Sherlock's to Dan's, and she paled. Dan's face was no longer a livid red, it was stern and cold. It was the kind of expression that could appear calm and concerned, but Susan
John winced, pocketing his phone, and placing money on the table to pay for their meal. "I am, kind of, on call when he needs me. Sorry to cut this short. Let's meet again sometime."
love him."
It felt like
Once Sherlock had returned with the necessary supplies, John tied off the umbilical cord and handed the scissors to Alex, who severed the cord with trembling fingers.
"I'll be right there," John announced into the phone with a serious expression, before hanging up and shoving the phone back into his pocket. "There's been a serious pileup on The Highway, they need extra hands tonight."
He hadn't wanted this, hadn't asked for it, and had, in fact, gone to considerable lengths to avoid it. Sherlock didn't have friends, didn't indulge in sentiment because it only complicated matters. For all his good intentions John had never been able to deny that caring about others did not help save them, more often than not it endangered them. The first person to examine in
John ground his teeth. "Better a
John whirled around, one hand protectively clutching Sherlock, and the other reaching for his gun. He had it drawn and level at the woman who had snuck up behind them before he could think. She was pale, tall, and had dark brown hair piled elegantly on her head. Her red lips parted in a smile that revealed perfect white teeth. "Easy, Dr. Watson, I come in peace." She lifted one hand up in a surrender position. I even come bearing gifts." With a flick of her wrist she flung something just to their left. John thought it might have been a severed head, but he didn't turn to look. He wasn't going to be that easily distracted when Sherlock's life could hang in the balance.
"And we're back to that ridiculous loyalty streak of yours," Mycroft sighed, staring down at the floor for a long moment. "Fine," he continued, looking up again, "I'll see what I can do, but I make
John didn't
John paused in the doorway, leaning against the frame to watch them. They both moved with practiced ease, though John could see a slight tremor in Nikki's arm as her muscles strained to keep up.
"The queen is also the most versatile piece." John glanced down at the board, then gestured to it. "How does it make any sense to barricade her in?" Sherlock had indeed thoroughly surrounded his queen with other, more expendable pieces.
"Fuck!" The sound of something shattering on the wall brought John out from the kitchen. He'd just been washing up from dinner, not that he'd convinced Sherlock to have any, and he still had the dishtowel in his hands.
Sherlock sighed impatiently and replied in a rush of air, "The tattoo had been some idiotic quote the girl was enamored of, and I matched it to the handwriting of the ex-boyfriend. Crimes of passion are so predictable. Have you set out her personal belongings for me as well?"
"Sherlock!" John gasped, frantically pulling back from that wicked mouth. Sherlock let him go, a questioning look on his face. John's ragged breathing filled the room as he stepped back and stared at his mate. Sherlock's chest was flushed and heaving as well, his head still bent back over the edge of the mattress, and his lips glistened temptingly.
Sherlock returned her smile and stepped back to allow her to be loaded into the ambulance.
The cab came to an abrupt halt outside of Mr. McAndrew's town house. Sherlock exited quickly and John reflexively reached for his wallet to pay the fair. He still wasn't happy about being stuck with the bill, but he recognized it was a lost cause.
John shrugged. "Well, we've exchanged a few letters now. It'd be nice to meet the man when he comes home."
Greg, however, seemed to be feeling merciful, as his next reply was simply:
John crossed his arms in front of his chest and looked stubbornly away. He was not going to continue this argument. He'd only known Detective Inspector Lestrade since yesterday, but he seemed like a hardworking, upstanding person. John had faith that he would do his best to protect Mr. and Mrs. Wolfram/Volkov.
"Of course. Mr. Miller showed me her picture. I have an eidetic memory."
By the time Sherlock had made it back to 221 B, Mary was set up with a laptop on one side of the desk in the sitting room. Sherlock's desk chair and his open laptop waited for him on the opposite side of the table. Mary turned to look at Sherlock as he entered, smiling and waving in greeting. "Good afternoon, Sherlock."
John hissed in pain and bounced his weight on his errant right leg. The muscle eased, but only slightly. He sighed and continued another lap of the living room. His cramp was still too strong to sit or stand still.
It had been frighteningly easy to lean up and kiss him. Sherlock's uncertain expression was burned into his mind's eye. He'd look unsteady and honest in a way John had only glimpsed before.
"Mr. Watson," Eva's gentle voice broke in, and John looked up to see the counselor stepping out from behind the front desk. "I am terribly sorry for this confusion. I don't know why yet, but it appears that your sister's name was switched with another patient's in our electronic medical records. Those were the only things that were switched." Eva bit her lip and shook her head. "I've never seen an error like this before. I'll have our I.T. department look into it right away."
Mr. McGregor frowned, looked at Sherlock, then back at the body. "Well, it could be I suppose, but Mrs. Dwight's body sustained many bruises in the fall."
"What do you think?" Greg asked, pausing to take a sip from the water glass by his elbow. Once he swallowed, a fond smile crept over Greg's face and he said, "Mycroft wants so badly to control the whole world, to make everything right." Greg leaned his chin on his hand, and his elbow on the table. "I don't have the heart to tell him it's a lost cause."
Sitting next to his daughter on the bed, John place one hand on her shoulder, and the other hand under her chin, forcing her to look at him. "I can do that if I have to," he promised, "First things first, alright?"
"Okay," John interrupted, "the umbilical cord isn't around the neck. Next time a contraction starts, give it your all."
"What?"
to believe that." John shook his head for a moment then squared his shoulders. "Right, well I'd better catch up with him or he'll take his own cab there and stick me with the bill for both."
Sherlock paused to frown at his blogger. "Get that smile off your face John, I know what you're thinking. This wasn't about charity. By the time I'd confirmed my theory I'd thoroughly contaminated the scene and could have been charged with murder if I didn't call for help."
John looked up at the stranger, confused. This pup
The world's only consulting detective withdrew his prize and delicately examined it. It appeared to be a book with scraps of mementos stuffed between its pages, carefully wrapped in a clear plastic bag. He glanced over his shoulder and shared a meaningful look with his blogger then they shifted and moved as one out of the ruined house.
John grimaced and shook his head. "I'm sorry. I've forgotten my manners completely today. Yes, I'm not in practice right now, but I'm a doctor. Dr. John Watson." He stopped next to the stranger and shook his hand.
Harry, meanwhile, had stoically endured all that she could, while slowly shrinking away from everything that might have helped her. Unable to find stable footing in the tumult of her life, she had turned to the only thing that had hinted at safety: alcohol. She knew it was dangerous and she knew it was not normal, but walking on the razors edge had left her incapable of dealing with any demons she did not know intimately. Any hope, however promising, brought with it struggles she did not feel capable of handling.
Watching the steam curl from his mug, John was reminded of Alexander's flowing script. Perhaps this was another reason John had been in such a good mood lately. It had been well over a month since he'd sent his most recent letter, and he was expecting a reply any day now. He'd be lying to himself if he said he wasn't nervous, he knew Alexander's mission was dangerous. He also knew that Alexander's schedule was chaotic. Captain John Watson did not panic over nothing. He would wait, as patiently as he could, until he had fresh news of his friend.
"Hm," Eva agreed with a nod. "I know it's temporary and that makes it easier to ignore, even when it's intense."
dinner, and I wasn't his date!"
~*~*~*~
Sherlock blinked a few times, taken aback by John's smug and frank analysis. He was wrong on a few key points, naturally, but on the point of his safety from Sherlock...
Sherlock
John stepped up to the counter and offered his hand to the cat, who sniffed it, then butted her head against it, demanding affection. John smiled and scratched behind her ears. The cat had just started to purr when the door to the back opened, emitting a short, thin woman with close cropped brown hair and eyes as green as her cat. A small sparrow was perched in her hair, nestled down as though it never intended to leave. Her name tag declared her to be Lauren Henick.
"I'd be happy to help any way I can," John replied amicably.
"This is John Watson, I'd like to speak to my sister, Harry Watson."
have held some vital clues, but there was nothing for it now.
"I knew that you loved him the first time I met you." She smiled and shook her head. "You should've seen the look on your face when you said his name."
He strolled through the corridors of the familiar hospital with a smile on his face. It was hard to think of how much had changed since he was a boy. As a child he would run rampant through the halls pestering the staff with endless questions, examining all the equipment he could get his hands on, and dreaming of the day when he would take his father's place.
And then John had fallen in
When he spotted John, Sherlock stalked up to his blogger and growled, "
"People are still posting on my website," Sherlock mused with a wry smile.
"Find a room where I can speak to them individually," Sherlock commanded, striding off into the entrance hall and turning left. Lestrade rolled his eyes and went to secure a room. It was doubtful if Sherlock would even use the specific room Lestrade selected for him, this was probably just busy work. Sherlock could walk into almost any building and find his way around with uncanny ease, but that was just part of how he operated.
A short bark of laughter escaped John's throat before he replied, "Hardly. You're a high-strung genius with a fascination for picking people apart. Given your line of work you're constantly mired in the darker sides of humanity. You revel in loudly and publically illustrating the follies of others, and while you'll never turn down a challenge, I've never seen you be cruel for the sake of taking enjoyment from other people's pain. Given your assertion that you're any type of sociopath is unfounded, and nothing I've seen or been able to think of has ever pulled you away from a case, I've got nothing to fear from you directly."
Mycroft's small, "Thank you, John," was muffled as John closed the door in his face.
There was a break between rehearsals and the first performance of the night. Most people went to eat, or get some fresh air, or simply to stretch their legs. Sherlock, however, remained in his seat, pulled out his phone, and started to text. He attached a picture of an average looking middle aged man. Then he attached a picture of the same man, as a corpse that he had taken during his autopsy.
John stiffened, sucking in an angry breath. Sherlock could see the good doctor considering what he thought Sherlock might be capable of. He had made it very plain to the ex-army doctor that he did not lose sleep over collateral damage so long as it did not harm the outcome of his cases; something that infuriated the kindhearted fool. Sherlock knew himself to be a skilled actor and master of disguise. If he didn't want to be recognized while placing his tracking device on Ms. Adeline, then he wouldn't be. No this was not an argument about convenience, this was about bringing John to heel.
Sherlock was arrogantly perplexed at John's confusion. "Naturally. It's much easier that way. I keep odd hours. Cases can keep me up for days at a time, and they often come on suddenly. I would lose valuable time if I had to send for you
Sherlock's eyebrows drew together in utter confusion. "
A hand fell on his and squeezed gently. John looked up into Mary's face. She was still smiling, but it was more subdued now. He could see through the windows they were fast approaching their destination. "Are you ready?" she asked.
The letter was almost torn after that first sentence from the vehemence of Harry's writing.
The woman's face lightened and she smiled at him, feeling more in her element. She opened her mouth to answer when her boyfriend interjected.
"No doctors without borders for him eh?"
John was just setting down the last of the cutlery when a small grunt of pain came from the kitchen. He turned and poked his head in. Mary was still by the stove with her sauce, but now she was using her other hand, alternately shaking and sucking on her right one. "Everything alright?"
"Most of it was burned, but there was just enough left to make out its meaning." Sherlock patted the ground around him for a moment before his hand darted into a thick stack of papers and retrieved one with a blank back. Turning the blank side up Sherlock plucked a pencil from behind his ear, and scrawled on the paper for a moment before handing it over to John. "It looked, more or less, like that."
This story has been a amazing ride and if either of my next two works interest you, I hope you will keep an eye out for them! Thank you again, and I hope you all have a wonderful day. ^_^
"Sherlock," he murmured, reaching out to touch his friend's shoulder. "What's wrong."
...What on
"John!" Sherlock's sharp, stern reprimand jolted the ex-army doctor out of his reverie.
Toby began to dig beside him, encouraged by Sherlock's energy. John reached out a hand to discourage the dog, but Sherlock slapped it away. "Let him help, he's got the right tools for the job."
Sherlock lifted his hands to adjust the collar of his coat against the wind. He was early, but he hadn't been able to sit still at the flat. He'd gotten started on researching the hospital staff as soon as he'd returned from his performance last night, but as the time he would normally leave for the opera house approached, he found himself increasingly…
Sherlock sighed, long and loud, expelling all the air from his lungs as he scanned the table in front of him. The pills scattered across the table were most definitely killing him. Ironically, they had been the only things keeping him alive these past two decades...
John nodded and forced himself to step back. He lifted his head and scanned the area for Sherlock. There were morticians arranging the body of the old women respectfully on another stretcher. Most of the yard officers who had arrived on scene were busy questioning people. Sherlock was sitting on a bench beside Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade, shoving off one of those orange shock blankets and speaking animatedly. John growled in frustration when the blanket slipped to Sherlock's waist. The damned idiot had dislocated his right shoulder.
me, would you have started earlier?" Lestrade gaped at him for a moment, but Sherlock, collected his Belstaff from the hall closet and pressed on. "The body should be ready and waiting. I want him transferred from Charing Cross Hospital to Barts by 9am, they have a more comprehensive work space." And with a flourish of said long black coat, he was gone.
"You'd better," Greg replied, waiving after him.
John was tired, sleeping less than five hours a night when he functioned best at the textbook eight. He
John nodded slightly to show his assent. He thought they would make a sudden dash for it, and hope to lose their pursuer with the element of surprise. Instead, Sherlock gently nudged them to the side so that when they came to the mouth of the alleyway, they were almost inside it already. John's muscles tensed in anticipation, then in surprise when Sherlock suddenly pressed him back against the wall, looming uncomfortably close. The ex-army doctor looked up and drew in a sharp breath as Sherlock leaned in.
. He had shocked himself when he'd ended up near St. Bart's. It had been the end of James's shift and John had nearly run headlong into him.
John immediately flushed with anger and embarrassment. "I
Sherlock had been at work interfering with high level crime, using his own computer, for once, to hack private e-mails, chat rooms, web sites, and whatever else he could get into. He wasn't looking for information, or even trying to be subtle; his only objective was to create enough obvious cyber activity to make people wary enough to cancel meetings, and back out of deals. Sherlock had stuck his nose into as many sectors as he could reach. It had meant declining almost every other case recently, but it was a necessary evil. As appealing as some of those cases were, it was time for his final push.
Forcing a measured breath through his teeth, John forced his mind to settle into the kind of calm he had only ever needed for battlefield surgeries...until he'd met Sherlock, that is. It was the same kind of calm he had summoned to shoot the cabbie on that first case. He needed to hold onto this calm and consider his options...
Sherlock had received countless lectures about the way he treated people, including Molly. He'd ignored them all. He thought he'd deleted them all and yet…
"If I need air or a break," Marcus interjected, his eyes locked with John's, "I'll tap your hip." Marcus licked his lips and John watched as Marcus took him in his mouth again.
Lestrade fixed him with a sharp glare. "She did, and Mycroft before her, but that's not the point, Sherlock.
John nodded in agreement. "Just keep practicing, and using your brace, as well as icing it when you need to, and you should be fine."
appreciate the offer, but I'm…I'm a little afraid to leave him alone tonight."
John hummed softly, his fingers idly drawing patterns on Sherlock's chest, brushing over his nipples. Sherlock arched into the gentle touches, surrendering to the sensations. John inched closer, his kisses trailing over Sherlock's cheek and back to his ear. Sherlock sighed and tipped his head back over John's shoulder.
John hummed quietly before gently pulling back. "Impeccable timing, Mycroft," He murmured drily, pressing one more soft kiss to Sherlock's lips. John turned then, hand still linked with Sherlock's and almost jumped in surprise. It was one thing for Mycroft or Sherlock to enter a room soundlessly, but Mycroft had brought the woman from earlier with him. Why was
"Come on, Watson," Dr. Bailey broke in. John hadn't noticed him enter the break room. He was a large man with brown hair and brown eyes. He was a good doctor but John had always found his people skills lacking. "You haven't been denying it for years now. There's no need to start again, just because things ended. That's childish."
Greg frowned and nodded Going along with Sherlock was, usually, the fastest way to resolve a case. Stepping forward, he tried to look calm and in-control. "Mrs. Wolfram, I would like to review the case with you as well. Could we step inside?"
John sighed contentedly when he finally stepped through the door of his long-familiar flat. It hadn't been a long case by any standards, but it was always nice to come home again. He slid his jacket off and hung it on the stand by the door before rolling up his sleeves and turning to Sherlock.
John had always suspected Sherlock continued the lecture just to irritate him... But that didn't matter now. "Listen, Mary, before you go, there was one other thing I wanted to talk about."
John's breath caught in his throat as he read, wanting to be there for his sister. She had only written this yesterday.. . Should he still go to Switzerland? To visit? He wanted to fix this, but addiction is a chronic disease, and its treatment requires the active participation of those afflicted.
John's right eyebrow quirked up a bit. "Yeah? Good." He leaned up and forward a fraction of an inch, and then they were kissing. It was just the gentle press of lips, but it was soft and sweet. John marveled that even Sherlock's lips felt cold, and he moved his own against them to warm them.
When Sherlock decided to mull something over he had a tendency to freeze in place. His breathing would slow, and more than once John had been able to take his pulse without seeming to disturb him. But, the position of Sherlock's body was all off. Regardless of where he was or whether he was sitting, standing, or laying down, Sherlock
John took a step back, stricken.
"Mrs. Hudson was up just a minute ago," Sherlock murmured from his position on the floor. He was surrounded by small towers of boxes and piles of papers on all sides.
The ex-army doctor glanced up, and found Sherlock studying him with an amused smile. "What?"
study with a fine toothed comb, and they collected samples from his toothbrush and hairbrush. They
Harry's gaze shifted in the floor. "She didn't deserve to pick up after my shit forever. She was different, good at communication, like you. She always told me how much I was hurting her."
If anyone would spare him that conversation, he'd thought it would be Molly... It'd been three years, John had thought he was
"Once the facial alterations were complete for their stand-in, they made the switch," Sherlock pressed on.
"Are you going to get off me?" Sherlock asked, looking smug.
And there, at the front, was Sherlock Holmes. He looked pale, stricken, and conflicted, as though he wasn't sure if he should even be here. John wasn't sure either, but Sherlock was the one other person, besides John himself, whom Mary had requested.
A crash echoed from the lower floor and John turned to stare at the door of his bedroom. Earlier this morning, Sherlock had all but ordered him out of his way, and John had retreated upstairs. It wasn't exactly unusual for him to be ordered out because he was inadvertently interfering with one experiment or another, but something about the crazed look he had seen in Sherlock's eyes had bothered him...The good doctor was beginning to suspect the world's only consulting detective was on a case, one that he had not been included in.
doing before he died?" Sherlock asked.
A small, slow smirk curled on the driver's lips as he pulled open the back door for John to get in. "Took you long enough to notice," he murmured and John bundled in while he closed the door. John buckled himself in and tried to steady his breathing. This was just like any other case. He was diving headlong into a dangerous and complex situation he barely understood, only this time he was doing it without Sherlock...
The people outside the station where in chaos, just as those within. Some ran away, some ran towards the station, most stood stock still and stared up at the mountain that had unleashed its vengeance like statues.
~*~*~*~
John's expression hardened further, rebuffing any tenderness Greg's words had contained. "And I'm supposed to, what? Forgive him? Just like that?"
John hesitated for a long moment before deciding that he couldn't really think of another way to express his general comfort and support.
Anna!"
Arms came around John's middle from behind, and although John started slightly, he ultimately leaned back against Marcus's chest.
The concussive roar of a blast ripped the air just as John rolled up and onto the platform. All around him people fell to their knees while he rolled into a crouch and reached for a gun that wasn't there. John's eyes widened and his throat constricted as he saw a tumbling wave of snow bury tracks 300 yards from the stopped train. If he hadn't pulled the emergency brake...
"Given the experiences you've had with other people, especially older men, it would've been foolish if you had trusted me," Sherlock replied evenly. "All the data you have indicates that others, especially older men, can't be trusted."
Mr. Werner, however, was not inclined to listen, and his fingers began to tighten at Sherlock's throat.
here that would link the cases with the rings, there
The steps creaked under the extra weight as John made his way down them, but he stayed focused on the task in front of him. One foot in front of the other, find a decent but not too expensive hotel, and then...no. He had to think one step at a time, or John knew he might not make it out of the flat tonight, and he most definitely could not stay..
Another crash prompted John to rise from his seat and tromp down the stairs, grateful to finally be free of crutches and ace bandages. The first thing he noticed on his way down, was that he couldn't see the floor. Everything was covered with paper, boxes, string, and mementos from old cases. The only light from the room filtered in from the windows, which had been left open, welcoming a chilly breeze into the house. Sherlock stood on the coffee table in what John assumed were his sleeping clothes and robe, turning around very slowly, staring at everything, and muttering quietly to himself. John shivered at the image. It was a dark and disturbing version of the cozy morning they had spent together reviewing the case of Victor and his father.
Sherlock grumbled and reached for the cup she was holding out for him, draining it as quickly as possible. He made to toss it over his shoulder when Mary's voice interjected again. "I wouldn't do that; if John comes back he might cut himself on the shards."
John smiled back at him in the dark, and murmured, "Good."
been anything, had left a long time ago.
The nobleman nodded vigorously. "Yes, yes, I can see that." He reached into his pocket then, and produced a slim white business card, which Sherlock accepted without examining. "Please, call me if you have any news, any news at all."
of all people, was calling this the most dangerous mission he'd ever seen, then it had to be quite dangerous. Still... "Being practical is different from being all gloom and doom about it," John persisted.
"Why do have this picture in my head of you storming into their house, barreling through the study, kneeling at the fireplace, assembling the letter and blurting out your theory all before you had been properly introduced?" John asked with a wry smile.
"You have a lot of those," John remarked with an unabashed grin. Sherlock, despite himself grinned back.
Moriarty had not been idle. He had texted continuously, occasionally speaking with the other man in the room. Their conversations were brief and vague, but Sherlock had been able to surmise they were discussing the skyscraper excavation project and the planting of stolen artifacts so they could be 'found' and sold at auction. This did not appear to be Moriarty's plan directly, rather he had used his resources to assist another. Sherlock wasn't sure if this temporary base of operations predated that arrangement, or if Moriarty's client even knew about it. Most likely the whole of London's underground passageways were a base of operations, with the specific hideaway changing periodically.
John walked up the steps to Mary's flat, grateful to be home. It didn't really feel like home yet, but it felt safe, and safe was what John needed right now.
. It wasn't that he hadn't seen Sherlock's duplicity before, that man could make you believe anything when he turned his mind to it. Several times, in fact, he'd accosted John while wearing a disguise so brilliant that the ex-army doctor hadn't even recognized him, and Sherlock had a face that was very difficult to forget.
James's smile morphed into a frown, and he eased back a little, chilly air whirling between them as he did so. "I'm sorry, I thought-"
have offered to do something so simple and so meaningful. He mentally shook himself, forcing all thoughts out of his mind. Sherlock did not deserve another instant of consideration, and he would convince his mind of that, one day. "Thank you, I'll give you a call when I'm heading home."
you have, it will work."
"No he wasn't!" Several of the footballers chimed in.
I still intend to work on and complete all projects I have mentioned. Now that I am back to writing you may expect updates once more. I am still employed at both jobs so, unless I put you through further delays to allow for completion and editing of future stories before the first post begins, my posting will be slower than before. I cannot guarantee once a week posting. I can, however, guarantee at least once a month. Likely more, but we'll see. I am still dealing with lingering aftermath, and planning a wedding.  Slower schedule aside, I am most definitely back to writing. Thank you all for your patience, and I sincerely hope you all continue to enjoy my stories.
Sherlock leaned close over John's shoulder to see for himself, and then nodded. "Well, that's one way to get rid of evidence."
"Technically inaccurate," John mumbled, rising shakily to his feet.
"I know," Sherlock affirmed, his voice and face unchanging.
John reached forward and shook hands, tempted to smile for the first time in days. Marcus's friendly attitude was infectious. "John."
"Fuck," John swore, his fingers tightening around Sherlock's wrists.
Unless...? Mycroft had made that threat before the letters ever started. He had cameras everywhere. He'd made no point of hiding the fact that Sherlock and John had been under surveillance...
Sherlock closed his eyes and concentrated intensely on his breathing until he had better control of his emotions. Giving Molly any kind of attention now would only encourage her, and giving her any inkling of the truth would be disastrous.
The phone buzzed in his hand as the train began to lurch forwards.
John nodded, returning her gentle smile with his own, grateful for her understanding. He hadn't really talked about his circumstances to anyone. Work wasn't the place and so many of his friends: Greg, Mrs. Hudson, Molly, all their lives were too closely tied with Sherlock's… It wasn't that he never meant to speak with them again, but recently the thought of speaking to them had been too painful.
Sherlock let out a put upon sigh. "I didn't know, I
Sherlock continued for far longer than John thought he would. Sherlock's soft, talented fingers, where the last thing on John's mind before sleep found him.
John turned to look at her and instantly felt guilty again. Her injured hand was extended towards him, and he could already see some swelling. He frowned, his temper cooling considerably, and he hesitated a moment before asking, "Can I take a look?"
Sherlock felt John's gaze on his back as he walked away and it rankled. John had added a reprimanding shout of his name to Lestrade's objection, but it had no real fire to it. Unlike Lestrade's weary resignation, John was actually amused by most of Sherlock's oddities. That had been fine at first, it was what had helped them build their unexpected partnership. They worked on cases, John's obliviousness was mildly amusing, and his blog attracted more and more interesting cases. It had been a good arrangement, until John had done the unthinkable.
Somehow it was both very foggy and raining hard, and John found his clothes growing increasingly soggy; his coat could only do so much to keep the weather out. The increasing moisture, however, was not the reason John's face was fixed in a deep frown, almost a scowl. After two days of looking after Harry, and all but living in St. Thomas Hospital, John had finally been given the all clear to go out into the world. The malpractice charges had been dropped; evidence had been submitted that John had already left the hospital by the time Harry had arrived for treatment. Mycroft had even managed to cover up the orders that had been given for John to be incarcerated in a mental health institution for evaluation… but things couldn't go back to normal.
there to dance. This was not a celebration, it was politics in motion.
be part of his life again…never.
1.) Marcus violently shoved Sherlock back into the passenger's seat with a calm but threatening, "Please put on your seatbelt, sir."
It wasn't a question, but Sherlock answered it regardless. "More people are likely to die, yes."
Mrs. Morris was survived by her husband, Matthew, their two daughters Martha and Janet, and five grandchildren. Matthew and Janet were waiting in a nearby lounge, having been detained when they'd come to visit Jane. John sighed and tried not to count his steps as he transversed the short hallway to said lounge.
"No," John replied, tightening his grip on Sherlock's waist so that he could not pull away. "You know how I feel about secrets." They'd talked a great deal in their first few days together, each sharing what they had felt during their separation, and discussing how things would be, if they remained together. Sherlock had voiced his own reluctance, and fear of hurting John, which had kept him so distant at first. John had processed how hurt he had been, and still was, noting that some pain would be unavoidable, that was simply life. John had been adamant that they had a very strong chance to work as a couple if they were honest with each other, prioritized healthy communication, and respected each other. In the end they had both agreed to try.
"I-I can cover it myself, thank you," John started, reached out for the makeup in Mary's hand.
John watched him go before removing the condom, tying it off and tossing it in the bin. He was just moving to join Marcus when said man emerged from the bathroom, a clean wet flannel in his hand. John accepted the flannel and quickly cleaned himself off. Then John stumbled into the bathroom on legs that were still unsteady, and tossed the cloth inside the hamper that rested there.
John straightened. "I was a soldier, Mycroft; I understand about risks. I'd like to be there for him when he comes back home. It sounds like he's going to have a hell of a time getting his life back together."
Sherlock looked at him dubiously. "And if this hadn't worked?"
"That's because he's taken over my life!" John cried throwing his hands into the air. "I don't think he
: Broken
Sherlock slumped onto a nearby pack bench, cupped his hands in front of his face, and blew hot air onto them three times before he muttered, "How's the pressure cooker?"
Sherlock was sick... John hated that news. He was a doctor, he cared, so of course he wouldn't want that for anyone. As much as Sherlock drove him crazy...John didn't hate him. He wanted him to be happy.
Thank you to everyone who has left comments, given kudos, subscribed to, and/or bookmarked this story!  You are all wonderful!
Sherlock made a small grunt to show that he'd heard his blogger. "And damned tedious about it, too."
Sherlock paused, half standing and arched an eyebrow. "Explain, quickly."
Standing, John smirked ruefully, and forced himself to make a cup of tea. If he was going to charge headlong into danger, as usual, he was going to have tea first. It wouldn't really help him in any significant way, but it was comforting.
in the middle of a case and Sherlock's mind kept wandering. He wanted to speak to John about more than just the case, wanted to reach out and
"Of course they were!" Sherlock pressed. "And he'll eventually fix these one's up and rent them out to finance his next purchase of land. If he keeps moving around and keeps up appearances of running a legitimate business it makes him harder to catch!"
"I love you," John breathed again knowing he would never be able to say it enough.
Greg waved off John's concern. "It's okay. Information, and what I do or don't know has been… an ongoing discussion between Mycroft and me." Greg sighed and looked out the window for a moment. "I was angry he let me go to work, let me call Sherlock in for a case without letting me know anything, but at the same time I've also argued with him about just how closely he watches Sherlock."
Already they had fallen into a steady routine, which helped balance the chaos that could be his work day. He'd known a bit more about her than he'd known about Sherlock when he'd agreed to be his flatmate, but not much. Even so, it had looked like and turned out to be a wonderful opportunity. He liked the flat and he liked Mary. He liked spending time with her.
"It should be obvious your return needs to be treated with the utmost secrecy until the Commissioner of New Scotland Yard is willing to issue a public rebuttal of their condemnation of you eighteen months ago. I don't want the press getting wind of your rise from the dead and dragging out the old articles claiming you were a fraud. When you officially return from the dead, I want it to be on the heels of the Met's
," John says, keeping his body language open, and unthreatening. "And I'm saying
are ominous, but we do need to talk. I want to help you."
—" even as it comes out of him coated in derision, it stings, "—everyone, and expose all your secrets, and then everyone will hate him."
Now John's mind is whirring to life with half a dozen questions he wants answers to immediately. Before he gets those questions answered, Gerald's lip needs stitches. If John doesn't do his best, Gerald might end up with a scar, and then, for the rest of his life, anyone who looks at Gerald's face will see the scar left behind by John's hands, including Gerald. So, John will do his most precise, perfect stitches and he can only do that if he's completely focused.
"But then I'll have to have a lonely wank in the bathroom," John intones.
broken. And damaged. And fragile." John walks closer until he's standing right over Sherlock. "Physically and emotionally you are damaged and fragile. That's
magazine. Sherlock was sitting quietly, enraptured, absently gnawing on a chicken leg bone. Chatsworth's voice, which was deeper even than Sherlock's, was made for narrating.
"She was my first client and from there, my practice grew by word of mouth."
! —he can't fight it anymore. Silently, but quickly, he moves through the flat, turns the knob of John's bedroom door
was the gaze of a predator.
Sherlock gets out of bed, and pads into the kitchen. He needs to relieve himself, but if John is still home, he doesn't want to miss the chance to say goodbye. From the kitchen, the back of John's head is clearly visible in his chair. Reassured, Sherlock uses the loo and brushes his teeth, before going to greet John.
. It was all he knew.
There was a huff from the other end of the phone.
With that, the fury John has been harboring toward Sherlock for a week explodes inside him, polluting his already ravaged psyche. He knows when he walks in the door, when Sherlock
Suddenly, from the sofa, John hears Sherlock mutter, "I can't wait until this is all behind us. I just want things to go back to normal." John doesn't say anything, but the bitter longing on Sherlock's face is enough to make John feel again the weight of all that has happened in the last eighteen months. The past two days have been marvelous and the sex incredible, but Sherlock is far from putting it all behind him. He still has much to overcome, and John only hopes that Sherlock will accept help when he needs it, even from those he hates to appear weak in front of. Still, John can't help feeling the same wistfulness for the way things once were, though he wouldn't trade his and Sherlock's new relationship for all the world.
"It's not my fault you have tender human skin," Sherlock said, turning his head away from John. He pulled up his long tail and coiled it around himself.
"No."
Sherlock righted himself with a sullen shake of his body which rippled all the way through his tail.
Sherlock's fingertip is pressed firmly against one side of the ridged muscle of John's hole, and John feels the curved tip of the dispenser, also well-slicked, pressing in next to Sherlock's finger, and then with a sound of breathless wonder, Sherlock gradually pushes it inside, until it's settled all the way in. He circles his fingertip around the edge of the plastic barrel, and says hoarsely, "Oh, god, John. If I milked myself for a week, I could save my semen, and then use this to suck it up, and fill you over and over again, and then I'd plug you. Or I could freeze it, my semen, in an ice tray, yes, and then when I had a dozen, I'd put you down on the bed, and shove one in your mouth, and let one melt on your neck, on your nipples, stomach, all over your cock, maybe shove a few up your arse—" and John says,
"Where's the loo?" John asks.
. I'm still a fully functioning man with the same brilliant mind I've always had. I know you and you would handle me with delicacy, like I might break. I don't want that."
"Gerald told me you would feel uncomfortable, that you'd make this excuse."
"I'm standing near the window, Sherlock. Look at me. I'll wait."
He cries every night for the first few weeks after Sherlock is gone. The pain is unbelievable. It overwhelms him completely sometimes. He's taken two weeks of sympathetic leave from the surgery so he doesn't have much to do during the day. He invites Molly for tea, aiming to maintain ties with the friends he made through Sherlock, but she's distant and reserved; she avoids John's eyes. She and John never really developed much of a relationship – their only commonality was Sherlock – so John understands why she doesn't feel very comfortable around him. He doesn't see her again after that because, of course, he has no reason to go to St. Bart's.
"Everyone, this is Sherlock!" Rebecca says and shivers in excitement. This is why John loves her—she finds joy in nearly everything. A balm for his weathered soul. But then she points herself directly at John with a narrow-eyed gaze so fierce, he flinches back slightly. She stalks over to him, jabs her finger at him and says, "You said he wasn't coming! You sly dog!" and smiles.
John says nothing. He turns, walks out of the room and goes to the bedroom to wait.
John rubs his hands across his face, and stands up, and says, "Yeah, well. As usual, Sherlock, you were right—I can't do it. I mean,
"Mm," Gerald says, unimpressed. "Three minutes."
Sherlock gasped.
and sets a fire in John's gut that he doesn't worry about tamping down. With women, John always has to moderate his passion, worried about being too rough, careful not to let passion overrule sense, always aware of the fact that he can physically overpower her.
! You
"My God, it's like playing Simon Says, but with erections," John says and laughs.
"I don't know why bloody Mycroft sent all the reading and teaching materials when he knows full well that Sherlock's supposed to be eating and sleeping."
and manages to grab the bin under the desk and duck his head inside before he vomits.
, John—that
and, like a phantom, slips into bed behind John. Before John can react, Sherlock has wrapped John up, his longer body and limbs moving over and around John and then drawing him back, back against Sherlock's chest.
understand why he'd want to see you in high heels."
we? What more needs to be said?"
Sherlock isn't particularly thrilled about being in therapy, but he recognizes the need for someone like Dr. Reed to aid in his recovery. He hated every second of the way therapy made him feel today—like he was split open, every insecurity and fear on exhibit.
"And did you work it out with your mum?"
. He fights off the anxious urge to giggle.
"Uh. What, uh—would happen? I mean, are you going to have sex with me while I'm wearing them or—?"
All I ask is that you read the medical brief. It was part of the overall debriefing and it also has the doctor's notes from infirmary at the British embassy in Belgrade. I only want you to have all the information, John. My intention is not to gossip about my brother or question your abilities.
John rolled his eyes. "And what are—"
"Well, okay then. But we might need to have a talk about you only being a doctor
Danilo ratchets up the psychological abuse of Zivko now that he has something concrete to use against the boy. They call Zivko every creative name for homosexual they can think of. They threaten to tell his mother. They ask him if he wants to have alone time with his
That's when Captain John Watson lurches to his feet, pulls on his discarded scrub bottoms, uses Sherlock's shirt to wipe Sherlock's cum off his face, and turns on the overhead light, the other lamp, and opens the door, and then
"If you'd have let me go with you, I would've kept you from it! And if I couldn't keep you from it, you
Flogging: leather, with or without leather beads or wood beads
"Here we go," John says, coming back into the room with a glass of water and two of the pain pills. These are the ones John has from his med kit and not the ones from the doctors at the British embassy.
Sherlock spoke.
"Yes," John says, and they lie quietly together for a time, enjoying only this—the two of them, well-fucked, and nobody else, nothing else, nothing between them.
caused it, I—I couldn't act, I felt frozen. So, I knelt there for a minute and a half and watched you relive being raped. Let's just say I
"JohnJohnJohnJohn!" Sherlock chanted, throwing himself at John's chair. He started to climb John's legs, his sharp claws puncturing the fabric of John's trousers and into his skin.
, dear brother, alive and vindicated.
—whispered a voice inside of him.
"Can we talk?" John asks, collapsing on the bed, the wall at his back, and Sherlock to his left. He draws his knees up and rests his arms on them, his hands hanging loosely.
“Oh, haha, Bernie. I
"I'm not bloody rehashing this again," John snapped. "If we're going to have a romantic relationship, we either do it my way or not at all."
Sherlock's lips are suddenly resting right behind John's ear.
As he told Sherlock the day before, John's responsibility extends beyond just treating his injuries—John has taken on the responsibility for Sherlock's health. There are many things John has thought of that he needs to restore Sherlock to health, including helping him gain weight. John starts writing things down.
"Oooh! Will there be a demonstration?" Sherlock asked.
the PTSD. Dr. Reed needed to understand what had happened to him, and heal his shattered psyche.
"I don't know how to—what if he rejects me when I bring it up?"
"You left," Sherlock says accusingly. He looks so vulnerable, his face frowning in confusion. Betrayal flashes in his eyes.
Sherlock puts his hands on his hips. "How long—"
He's interrupted by Mycroft loudly clearing his throat. "We can discuss the press conference on Monday, when John will be home all day. I'll be off then. Goodnight, Sherlock—John," he says, nodding to each in turn.
John smiles around Sherlock's dick, which is stained green through the thin material of the condom, and Sherlock wants to make a zombie joke, but John's tongue is somehow working its way underneath Sherlock's foreskin
The way she says it makes him feel like they're still together, like when John first met Gerald's friends, and Rebecca teased them about never leaving the flat because all they did was fuck, and Gerald blushed, but looked thunderous. Cyril had come up then, and ruffled Gerald's hair, and he'd turned around, alarmed, and said,
John let out a gust of air. "You're too fast—you beat me to the punch before I can stop you."
," Sherlock says. In his mouth, the name is a lament and he loosens his hold on John's hands so he can cradle John's head in his hands. He brings their foreheads together and repeats John's name over and over until the nightmare begins to ease out of his bones. John reaches up to cup his cheeks and he murmurs
even though all he wants to do is sink down onto the bed with Sherlock and sleep for about a hundred and fifty fucking years, because after the transition window, Sherlock becomes semi-catatonic, as though everything is reaching him through several layers of reality and really fucking bad wi-fi, and once he catalogues the correct response/reaction, he has to send it back, and John can become a
He's in his t-shirt and pants. He looks at Sherlock's bed. He walks over to it and sits down. He doesn't know how long he sits there. Finally he lies down. He puts his face into the pillow and takes a deep breath. It smells a little like Sherlock but the truth is he doesn't really know what Sherlock smells like up close. For now it's enough just to lay his head where Sherlock's head has been. He lies there and he pretends that Sherlock lies there with him and wonders why he waited until Sherlock was dead to have a fantasy about going to bed with him. He's an idiot. He could've been having all kinds of sex with Sherlock in his fantasies. Why did he wait?
"Certainly," she agreed, moving the pen across the paper with a great flourish.
want?"
bring any more people here looking for me. My work is too important for this nonsense, and as such I will be operating any necessary lab equipment from my home." He winked then as if his words had been friendly instead of laced with venom, then he was gone.
, Sherlock. If you want that too, then I don't care if it's a matter of minutes or a matter of years." John leaned forward in his chair, inching closer to Sherlock. "What do
Another text vibrated in Sherlock's palm.
. Sherlock shivered and lifted his head to meet John's eyes, both attracted and repelled by the alpha, and the dominating stare he was pinned with as soon as their eyes met. He wanted to, but he couldn't... But John did deserve the truth.
"They'd be better served if I could teach a chemistry lesson," Sherlock mused.
"You're obsessing," Mycroft continued.
The third wife, Carol Kendrick had officially been ruled a suicide. She had been found slumped over and drowned in the tub by Mr. McAndrew after his return from work one evening. He had reported to the yard that they'd shared breakfast and tea together in the morning, and he'd left for work as usual, with no indication that anything was amiss. Carol had been prescribed strong sedative hypnotics to help combat persistent and severe Generalized Anxiety Disorder, which had resulted in almost daily panic attacks. The lab had found an excessively high amount of this medication in her blood stream, which had likely resulted in intense drowsiness, and subsequent drowning
"Excellent. Mike, let's go round to the Yard next. I told you that bet you witnessed was nothing but
At that moment, their drinks arrived, forcing Marcus to retreat from John's personal space. Marcus thanked the barman and picked up his shot before glancing at John. "Ready?"
"Sherlock, maybe it's time you had some sleep, hm?" John suggested in his most soothing, reassuring doctor voice. He frowned when Sherlock didn't seem to hear him, and started to pick his way through to mess towards his flatmate.
John hesitated in front of the pub where he had agreed to meet Greg for what had become a weekly meeting. He winced at his own thoughts and almost turned away. A night out with a friend should
"Of course I'm going to recover!" Sherlock snapped, unnerved by the genuine concern that radiated off of his brother's face. He hadn't made a point of speaking regularly to Mycroft since the elder Holmes brother reach adulthood; he hadn't even
. "Nothing we need to be ashamed to have on our browser history, I hope," John said, biting into the first scallop. The bastard was right, as usual; the food was perfect.
he wanted John to do was place a small tracking device on her person, under the guise of tripping into her. Sherlock would make it easy for him by planting and then detonating some rather convincing smoke bombs. Those bombs would then set off the fire alarms, and the building would be evacuated. It would be the most natural thing in the world for John to "accidently" jostle Ms. Adeline during the evacuation.
With that one exclamation the entire crowd began to murmur and Mr. Walker's faced darkened with recognition. Still, he appeared to make an effort to adopt a friendly expression. "Surely you're too busy for all that, Mr. Holmes. There's always more crime in London."
At length Mycroft reached them and knelt beside his brother. He scanned the prone form of his brother for a moment before nodding to himself. "You'll recover..." Mycroft paused meaningfully, glancing at John who's gun remained trained on a spot between Irene and himself, ready to sway at a moment's notice to the most dire need, "perhaps even a full recovery."
John wished he could just teleport to England. As desperate as he had been to come here for his ailing sister, he was even more anxious to get back to Sherlock. God only knew what kind of mess he'd gotten himself into this time.
"What?!"
" Molly was the kindest and gentlest about her prodding, but it still rankled that neither she, nor any of his other 'friends' would let him mourn in his own way. No, he wasn't alright, and he had every
Disillusioned? Maybe. It was foolish to believe in something more when Sherlock had been so cold and clear, all hints of things John had thought he'd seen fading away in an instant. Bitter?...no. If anything he was embarrassed. He really had thought that the initial argument that started all this had faded into nothing as they built their partnership.
When all else seems lost...
"My sister," John ground out.
"Now we run," Sherlock replied rushing past John, who quickly followed him down the hall. They dashed through the maze of halls, working their way towards the kitchens. The time of night meant there weren't many people about, but anyone they did see they barreled through as Sherlock repeatedly shouted, "Fire! Fire!"
Alex nodded and reached for Laurali's hand while John lifted the hem of her long dress. "
Once they were seated and the cab was on its way Mary turned to face him. "Thank you again for inviting me, John. It's been a long time since I've seen Swan Lake."
"Where's Alex?" John asked, looking around his old place. Other than the fact that it was cleaner, it didn't look much different. The shelves were still covered in books, Laurali still kept her desk by the windows, and there was always comfortable seating around the fireplace. Laurali had even preserved the bullet holes Sherlock had shot into the wall during one of his adult temper tantrums.
There's just a hint of desperation in his voice. Nobody but Sherlock (
Because I'm desperate for attention, this chapter has been snuck in under the beta radar, which means Jenn and Katie, betas extraordinaire, haven't read it first. All mistakes are mine.
What he does next will stay with him for years. Sometimes he will think about it and the shame he feels when he does will threaten to choke him.
"I believe my brother would benefit from the help of a therapist, but he's stubbornly refusing. He listens to you."
"I draw the line at feeling friends up, dragon or no," John said.
"You're insatiable," Gerald says, shaking his head like he's disappointed. "Let's get home so you can suck my cock instead."
"You're going to show me how to give a fantastic blowjob," he says, his palms lighting on Gerald's shins.
, for fuck's sake!
"You can't!" Sherlock says, running to intercept him. He grabs John by the shoulders. "This is too important!"
"Beautiful," John whispers, watching his finger move through the murky white evidence of his considerable talents. All men have, at one point or another, tasted their own spunk, but John has never tasted another man's. He brings his fingertip to his mouth and touches his tongue to it, then smacks it around his mouth with his tongue. He can't tell which is his and which is Gerald's but it tastes roughly the same. He licks the rest of it off the tip of his finger.
, but his words aren't running together.
From then until five o'clock Friday morning, John and Chatsworth worked together to ease poor Sherlock's suffering. For the pain and fever, John ground up ibuprofen and mixed it with sugar and water, a concoction that Sherlock greedily swallowed. When Sherlock asked for
tender and sweet compliment from Sherlock, who nobody would believe capable of this kind of loving gesture, who
, he says one night, holding the tears back.
When they're in the bedroom, Sherlock shuts the door, and locks it, and then pushes John up against the wall next to the door. John, alarmed, asks, "Sherlock, what on—" but Sherlock holds him against the wall by his shoulders, and kisses him. It's a demanding kiss, and he doesn't give John any time to catch up—he pushes his tongue into John's mouth, and John lets out a quiet moan, his hands circling Sherlock's waist. Sherlock pulls back abruptly, leaving John dark-eyed and dazed. Sherlock smirks, and John blinks a few times, and then shakes his head, and says, "What—the fuck—was that?" and Sherlock opens his mouth, realizes how his reasoning will sound coming out, frowns, and closes his mouth. John, though, is no slouch when it comes to reading Sherlock (which should be annoying, but somehow isn't), and he tilts his head, and looks at Sherlock sternly. "Does this have something to do with Greg?" Sherlock frowns even deeper, and starts to object, but John smiles, and says incredulously, "You're jealous of Greg?"
"Upstairs," Sherlock says, brows drawn tight, feeling like a child being fussed at for failing to do—whatever it is that children get punished for failing to do.
But he can't! He doesn't know
Sherlock raises one shoulder in an almost-shrug, but then doesn't.
"Jealous of what?" Sherlock asked, turning his focus on John.
." His breath hitches, and he tries to swallow, but can't. Panic almost sets in, as he wills his throat to do its job. Finally, it does, and he drags in a shuddering breath. He points an accusing finger at John, who flinches slightly even though Sherlock is across the room. "And I've spent twenty-four hours thinking that—" Sherlock hauls in a painful lungful of air, "—thinking that you didn't love me after all, and trying to find a reason to go on anyway.
"Scrubs," Gerald says and shrugs. "What? It's hard work! I can only see about three or four clients a day. My arms would give out otherwise."
He has to bite back a grin, his shoulders shivering with silent laughter.
"A lot of what?" John asks absentmindedly, leaning against the counter so he can bend over and take off his socks.
"I didn't think you wanted me
"Okay, fine," John says finally. "He works with SIS. He was on a mission for them, out of the country. He's undercover—well, not
Rebecca says, "Mystery guest," gleefully, and dashes off to answer the door.
"Now we've got that sorted—how are you holding up, darling?"
"Are you asking if I want to go because, personally, I'll enjoy myself? Or are you asking if I want to go because
He does know this—Gerald wasn't just a boyfriend. John
John goes back to work. He breaks his days down into discrete, manageable goals. Wake up. Get dressed. Eat. Go to work. Come home. Eat. Watch telly or read or go to the pub, alone or with someone. On his days off, he tries to visit Mrs. Hudson. The first month after Sherlock's death, Mrs. Hudson breaks down in tears every time John visits her and John is grateful for the opportunity to comfort her because it keeps him from his own grief. He spends a lot of time walking on his days off, just to get out of the flat and keep himself from folding into a tight knot of pain. The walking is also good for him; now that he's not running around London after Sherlock, he doesn't want to get fat sitting around.
In the bathroom, John gets out the kit he put together on Gerald's advice regarding anorectal hygiene.
"No, you need to stay here for a couple of days until you're shifting is stable," Chatsworth said. He gave John a
John chivvies and nags Sherlock into getting into a more comfortable sleeping position, and foregoes pajamas for the night. They're both exhausted, and it really feels like a stupid thing to be worried about. He slides into his side of the bed, and turns towards Sherlock to find Sherlock staring at him in an almost cartoonishly sappy way. There might be teddy bears with hearts for eyes dancing over his head. He tenderly caresses John's cheek, and murmurs something John thinks might be praise for his oral sex technique, but sounds like
"Are you fucking kidding me?" John mutters. He realizes, like a fist to his gut, that he
At that moment, Sherlock entered the dining room wearing the too-small t-shirt and boxer shorts John had given him. His penis, however, was lying outside the fly hole.
to post rather than taking my time to work it out. As a result, I've always felt those chapters were part of a completely different story, and longed to remove them, but was too cowardly.
And then, too fast for John to react, the driver pressed a finger to John's head. With growing alarm, John yanked on his arm, trying to wrest it from the driver, but the man's hold was preternaturally strong. He began murmuring words that John could not understand.
"It means your teeth are growing in."
to say no to Sherlock when he's allowing himself to be vulnerable because it's such a rare thing. John reminds himself that this is
Number four—Monday morning, Sherlock wakes up to find John stroking Sherlock's dick to hardness. Sherlock groans in sleepy, lusty contentment as John sheaths Sherlock's dick with a condom, and slicks it up before climbing onto Sherlock and working his body down onto it. Sherlock, only half awake awake, says in his sleep-rough voice, "Stop—let me prep—" and John says, "I did it while you were sleeping," and Sherlock's mouth drops open as he stares at John in stunned silence. John grins, and asks, "What?" as he begins rocking back and forth, Sherlock's cock sliding in and out.
"I'm not sure I should stay," John says.
they'll want details."
by Sherlock Holmes
to their apology, before the world finds out you're alive. As I said, the press will have a field day if they find out you're alive. Not only will they drag out all the old articles damning you as a fraud, but they'll add cowardice to your list of sins, and then it won't matter what New Scotland Yard says or doesn't say—the damage to your reputation will be done. We need to convince them to hold a press conference during which a person of significant authority in the Metropolitan Police explains the parameters of the audit and the fact that you are, as they say, the
"He fell," Greg says flatly.
John makes a dismissive noise. He wipes his hand on Gerald, who laughs but immediately stops laughing when John uses his fingers to mix their cum together, painting swirls and squares on Gerald's groin and stomach.
"You want milk in your tea," Mycroft said with a flat stare. "Trust me."
"Closer," Sherlock rumbles.
and that's all that matters.)
"Okay. Sit there. Don't move."
"In the therapy room."
"Oh, my god! Are they still out there? Are you safe?" Gerald asks, his voice wobbly.
. He dozes off while being fucked.
"Please don't make me call you
“—look lovely in pink, he would—“
John says nothing, but he doesn't have to. He winces when he sees the shutter go down on Gerald's face. John wants to apologize, wants to walk over to Gerald and say or do whatever it takes to stop Gerald looking so guarded, so carefully
"Do you need my help lying down?" John asks when he gets back to his feet.
Sherlock gave him a look of incredulity. "Why would I want to turn around? I can't wait to see what you look like under your clothes."
"That explains the chair," Sherlock says, the last two words coming out on a groan when John grinds down and squeezes his muscles.
Sherlock remembers,
Rebecca pays the tab, and John lets her, and they walk outside, the sky still light at almost nine in the evening. A taxi pulls up, and John opens her door. When she's half in and half out of the cab, she asks, earnestly, "But you will come, right?"
On his fifth day in Belgrade, a nurse helps Sherlock into a pair of fleece bottoms and long sleeve t-shirt provided by Mycroft then hands him a warm coat (not his beloved Belstaff – that's waiting at home), thick socks and trainers. Sherlock meets Mycroft outside his room and they walk – slowly due to Sherlock's injuries – to a car that takes them to a private airfield where they board a small private jet.
"Well, then, there you go. That's where we start from. All right?"
, and John would, grinning a little maybe, or maybe just look serious, his love for Sherlock so plainly written on his face that there would be no doubt, none at all, that Sherlock belonged to him.
doesn't he look bloody gorgeous!)
I mean, that would make me look like I was your employee instead of your best friend."
As soon as John gets home, he jumps in the shower and then gets dressed for the party. Unlike their usual get-togethers, his group of friends are having an early night now that Bernie and Olivia are mothers of a newborn. Rebecca said anytime between seven and eight, but right before he walks into the Baker Street station, he says
Thank you so much for taking this journey with me. It's meant the world to me.
The mission was outlined for Sherlock when he was still on the private jet that took him over the Atlantic. There are three bars in the French Quarter where Whitney goes to pick up his sexual partners, and they’re all being avidly watched by FBI agents. Sherlock and Tate will stay in a hotel in the French Quarter close enough to these establishments that Sherlock can reach them within ten minutes. As soon as they get confirmation that Whitney has settled in one of these bars, Sherlock will walk in and use his considerable skills in seduction to get picked up by Whitney.
Sherlock obediently opens his mouth and drinks. Because Sherlock is half a foot taller than John, the angle John holds the glass at is inexact. As a result, some water escapes between the glass and the corners of Sherlock's lips and the water travels over Sherlock's chin and then down his neck to his chest.
John suddenly appears between the kitchen and sitting room. Sherlock rushes him and pushes him down to the ground and hisses at him to be quiet. Doesn't John know how precious he is? How eagerly Sherlock's enemies would be to hurt John in retaliation, maybe even kill him? The very thought leaves him gasping for breath. His vision winnows down to John, black edging his face, like a vignette. John grips the nape of Sherlock's neck and pushes his head down between his legs. His other hand clasps Sherlock's wrist, two fingers taking his pulse.
They sleep, in the dark, dreamless, and when Sherlock wakes it's still dark outside. John's partial erection rubs hopefully against Sherlock's arse crack. He can tell John is still asleep by the deep and even brush of his humid breath between Sherlock's shoulders, and his arm thrown loosely over Sherlock's body, but when John's dick slips into Sherlock's sweaty crease, Sherlock's lust blazes into life. He can't help but push back against John, and his hand automatically goes to his own dick, which he strokes from partial to full hardness by levering his wrist a few times. He rocks back against John more forcefully, which finally wakes him up. John's hand tightens on Sherlock's stomach briefly before he rolls away.
John smiles a little ruefully, and nods, and feels a warm sort of fondness for Mycroft. "My point, though, is that we kept ourselves to ourselves because we wanted desperately to be
Sherlock drops his hands to his sides and steps back, his demeanor suddenly cool. "You seem to have a lot of those lately," he says stiffly.
"A therapist would say you're sexualizing your
—because it's
"John, I'm sorry—for your—" Sherlock takes a deep breath and sighs. "I'm sorry." He leaves it at that.
"Sherlock," John says in a calm voice.
he is! Have you been to see him?"
"You'll have to be careful with that when you're eating and drinking. You'll need straws. Lots of protein shakes and easy to chew food as well."
. John washes Sherlock's hair because
Next, John gently pulls off the bandages on the major wounds on his back. The worst ones are in the meat of his shoulders. John cleans them and then he smears them with antibacterial ointment and bandages them back up.
Gerald
"You'd shower and shave, just like you would if you were going on a date. It's supposed to feel like a
"Wait a minute—we're in a relationship that involves sex. How can they be separate things?"
"Congratulations, Sherlock," Olivia says in her dry Scottish way. "You're officially our babysitter from now on."
—where you let me inside your body—it meant everything to me! That bed felt like
he can't, he just knows that he can't. Ridiculous rules—even
John shakes his head, and keeps it turned away, lest Sherlock's mouth latch onto his again, although the temptation to kiss him is intense. Sherlock kisses John's throat instead and John groans Sherlock's name.
And then one day, John woke up to find a naked man sleeping in his bed. Not that there was anything wrong with finding a naked man in his bed—he quite liked finding naked men in his bed—but seeing as how the man was lying in the place of his dragon, it was an alarming development. It was Sherlock—of course it was Sherlock. Who else could it be? And yet, staring at the milky skin and dark, outrageously unruly hair and the hint of pink lips smooshed into the pillow—he felt suddenly bereft.
even occurs to him but there it is.)
“Why don’t I just talk while you toss off in the alley?” Sherlock asks, letting that public-school arrogance infuse his voice.
Gerald gets up and John sits back on his heels. John can't see above Gerald's shins unless he raises his head and he's not going to raise his head because he, John Watson, is in control.
"He did?" Sherlock says casually, but John sees the way Sherlock's eyes  flick back up to meet John's.
John grabs it and hands it to Sherlock, but doesn't immediately let go.
Tia wasn't directly involved in the making of
"We don't have any secrets," Rebecca says, and laughs deeply. "We're all a bunch of nosy, gossiping busybodies, and he knows
Just as he got there, Sherlock began to hack. His wings, still unfolded, flapped in aborted movements, each downward stroke powering Sherlock's heaving.
, of course, it were an accepted practice. The article is titled "Why Did Men Stop Wearing High Heels?" on the BBC News website.
"In love with me?" John asks in a whisper, frowning in disbelief. "You're joking."
John had replied,
For John, the next two weeks go by in a blur of heartache and furtive tears unleashed only in the shower or at the darkest part of the night into his pillow to muffle the sounds. Whenever he's at work, he can forget about breaking up with Gerald, but he never stops worrying about Sherlock being home alone.
not to waste another chance to tell you because I'd been too much of a coward to tell you before I went away. I was afraid of losing your friendship if I confessed how I felt because you took every opportunity to announce that you weren't gay, and that we weren't a couple. You were so terrified someone might think you liked
John grabs it and hands it to Sherlock, but doesn't immediately let go.
"No, I just—is there more?"
Sherlock stops, looks stricken. Holds the pose.
Sherlock hissed, scowling at John. "I think you're determined to deny me any joy, John. No sex and now no fire. You might as well be Mycroft and start nagging me about sugar and television!"
"You shouldn't have jerked me into your lap like that, you know," John says. He stops with his hand on the doorknob. "I'll be home right after work. It takes about thirty minutes for me to get home on the tube."
Mostly he finds questions on sports websites about whether men can wear women's running shoes or hiking boots.
"I trust you completely, John," Sherlock answers truthfully. "It's not your trustworthiness in question on this matter."
"Okay," Gerald says a little dazedly, which makes John grin, showing all his teeth, which makes Gerald groan and remark on the arousing effect of John's high watt smile.
"Two of you who?"
immediately. It still takes a bit of time to work in your brain."
"I meant, what's your current hypothesis as to why?" Sherlock clarifies.
, he thinks. But it's fun, too, so he keeps going.
John growled in frustration as he set the mug down away from Sherlock. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock's belly and yanked him off the worktop. Sherlock squawked in surprise, legs flailing uselessly through the air. John turned around and set Sherlock onto the kitchen table, keeping his hand on Sherlock's back, pressing him down so he wouldn't move. Sherlock turned his head and hissed at John.
"The, the cemetery?" John asks, confused.
"You thought I'd be—" Sherlock prompts. He opens his mouth against the underside of John's exposed jaw, poised as though to bite down, but instead he just scissors his teeth up the edge of John's jawbone, until he nibbles against the skin beneath John's ear.
"Make him as comfortable as possible, which means—sorry, Sherlock, but needs must—getting him to take some pain medicine. Other than that, make him drink as much water as he will. Like I said, I think this is all going to be over by tomorrow morning so until then, we don't need to worry about him not eating. After that point, though, the focus needs to be back on eating and resting as much as possible."
Sherlock was willing to seduce John in order to keep their friendship intact. He's confused right now and desperate to maintain the
Yes, I'm still alive. No, nothing was wrong except a really vicious case of writer's block. I wish ao3 had a social area or way for someone to message an author for exactly this reason.
and he says, "Congratulations, John, you've finally discovered I'm a
Sherlock turned around and glared at John with a hiss.
, John. I'm not sure I'll last long enough to teach you anything," Gerald says.
don't
The question is, apparently, a rhetorical one because it lands on his arse while he's still opening his mouth to say
?" Sherlock asks, the bridge of his nose wrinkling in confusion and irritation.
"It's a fucking furnace out here," Sherlock chokes out.
Chatsworth's mouth opened, then closed. He frowned. "When you put it like that, yes, it does seem rather counterintuitive. Generally, if the new monarch is underage, they have a Regent, someone who essentially makes the decisions and acts as monarch. Like a placeholder. Except one with the power of the crown."
Despite being the size of a house and terrifying, Chatsworth managed to look guilty. "It's a little disconcerting for most born-humans because magic is— well, it's not
"Oh, well, thank you."
"Let's go christen your new bed," Gerald murmurs against John's lips.
Their kiss quickly descends into a frantic clash of teeth and tongue while their hands grip, and stroke, trying to delete any space between their bodies. In one whirling motion, Sherlock turns them around, drops to the bed, and tugs John onto his lap, his knees on either side of Sherlock's thighs. Sherlock reaches down and unties John's scrub bottoms, then slips his hand inside, his eyes never leaving John's face.
Out on the pavement, John checks the time on his phone. It's only a little after nine. He walks towards the Baker Street station so he can call Gerald without Sherlock watching him out of the front windows of the flat.
He goes out for a pint with Lestrade and Mike regularly. He meets at least one of them at a pub every week, almost a regular thing. Everyone feels the pall of Sherlock's death hanging over them. Life seems to be devoid of vitality and John's grateful he's not the only one who feels it.
"Don't take as much as you did yesterday, okay?" he says, trying for stern, but just looking weary. "If you start to panic, take
, but she only cups Sherlock's face between her hands and stares, a joyous smile on her lips and eyes that continually well up and over, then down her cheek.
your hard drive—that inner monologue goes quiet. How do you heal a broken mind when it doesn't remember who it was before? I had been completely dehumanized and emasculated. I tried to tell myself that just because I'd begged, or wasn't
Sherlock cried, looking down at himself. "There's nowhere to put it
"Yes, that's pretty much the whole of it."
"Oh, ha ha," John deadpans with a pointed look. "Look, I just don't think we're ready to have sex."
"But I don't need any privacy!" Sherlock said, trying to grab John's arm.
"We'll just sit here a bit and then we'll get washed and rinsed."
"Yes, it matters! I know you, John Watson, and I know you would never cheat on Gerald—or anyone else for that matter—unless it was with someone extremely important to you! Was it someone from your past? A
Gerald starts to shrug and then shakes his head.
, and realizes he needs to kiss him
Sherlock exercises his considerable skills at dirty talk. John comes untouched. Sherlock gloats.
Sherlock watched in fascination as John began to undress.
"No, look—Gerald told me you probably want me to wear them because they'll make my legs look bloody fantastic."
"Remember the criminal I told you about, Moriarty?"
"I'm starving," John says, when he comes out of the shower. "What about you?"
!" Sherlock yells back, his voice breaking at the end. "While I was out there, alone, away from home, from
I want so badly to help you. I
Another memory—grinding up chicken livers in the food processor while talking to someone who wasn't there. Or maybe someone who he just couldn't picture. John managed to write:
Sherlock looks at her and sees a reflection of himself: lonely, full of longing for someone far away.
For the second time, John stares at his phone like it has personally insulted him. That's two people who have hung up on him because he's not been fair to Sherlock or has somehow let him down. Okay, then. John knows he can't help Sherlock until Sherlock tells him what, exactly, he needs help with. So. Time to get to the bottom of this and find out what Sherlock is hiding.
you’re in love with someone. If anything, sufferers of PTSD think they’re not
Sherlock's tail was easily twice the length of his body, which explained why his egg was so big. From the tip of his nose to his rump, Sherlock was roughly two feet long. His tail tripled that length. John estimated Sherlock as six feet long, but his willowy body made him seem more snake than lizard. At least until he stood up on his long legs.
"No sodding way! Show it to me!"
John crawls up Gerald's body to the pillows and kisses him.
"To me?" she asks with a coy arch of her eyebrow.
to wear the stilettos."
"I would've waited for you," John whispers and shakes his head. His lower lip trembles and Sherlock stands up as fast as he can, which is not very fast, and goes to John and wraps his arms around him.
"Does committing my life to serve
I'm going to come before you can launch any of the goddamn lube inside me if you keep talking that way."
Sherlock dips his tongue inside John's pants and tongues the hole at the top of John's penis, then swirls once around his glans. John's hips lift up off the bed. Sherlock sits back and opens his mouth to speak.
"What?"
that I need some time before we start fucking!" John yelled.
in your bloody back. I'll spend the rest of my
didn't manage anything.
John ate, called into work claiming a family emergency (which it was, in a way) and then made himself a pallet next to the egg. He was frustrated that he couldn't reach over the top to touch the egg so he levered out two of the slats in the side and stuck his hand through. Once he'd gotten that situated, he took the temperature of the egg again.
His symptoms were the same as thousands of other soldiers who came home from war, but the therapists he saw
Sherlock didn't remain cool to John for long, and John showered him with attention in relief. They sat together on the couch while Chatsworth explained how they were getting out of the flat.
"You're a fucking tease," John gasps as Gerald works a moderately sized vibrator into John's arse.
John is holding a sleeping Milton when the doorbell rings. Rebecca asks Bernie, "Are you expecting anyone else?" and Bernie says, "No," then turns to Olivia and says, "You Olivia?" Olivia shakes her head.
John opens the sliding glass door and steps back out into the muggy night air. Olivia and Bernie have set up a large galvanized steel bucket filled with ice and bottles of beer on the patio. A fat citronella candle rests on the garden table.
Sherlock gave him a wide-eyed look of horror. "There's
John comes home from drinks with Rebecca to find Sherlock eating Mrs. Hudson’s shepherd's pie. He gives him a kiss on the forehead, which Sherlock brushes away in annoyance.
, though, right?"
"You're going to kill me," Gerald groans.
resources to get his brother out of Serbia.
"I'm on it. You sit and rest," John says.
, even though he'd rather get punched in the face than to tell Gerald it's
Teddy
that bastard!"
“You don't have to do anything right now,” Gerald says and wraps his arms around John from behind. “Consider turning it into a guest room eventually. You never know when you might need one.”
"Hm, we probably should," John murmurs, brushing Gerald's hair aside to put his now free mouth and tongue to good use along Gerald's neck.
He replaces his right hand on Sherlock's forearm with his left and then reaches his right hand up and puts it on the back of Sherlock's neck, his fingertips tracing little lines on his back.
"You may not need time to get to know me, but this—" He gestured at Sherlock's naked body, "—is new to me! You haven't even been human for forty-eight hours! And now there's this whole
(See the end of the chapter for
But what if John does this for Sherlock—puts on a pair of women's high heels—and Sherlock finds it to be ridiculous after all. What if it puts a crack in the foundation of their relationship? Who, then, will be to blame? Sherlock, for asking him to do it, or John for agreeing to go along?
"Um, yeah," John says carefully. "I remember."
"Oh, that's what it's called, eh? Mentoring?"
He added a conversation bubble above the dragon's head and inside wrote
"Of course I will," John says, and kisses her cheek.
"I do," John says simply, the answer written in his very bones it seems.
“You couldn't possibly," Sherlock says. "Your brain’s simply not complex enough.”
would be.
She grabs John's arm and pulls him inside into the blessed air conditioning. John's wearing cargo shorts and a plaid short sleeve button down but it's still hot as balls outside. It wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't so damn
On three occasions, Danilo makes Sherlock drink his own urine. There's the two days in a row he uses Sherlock as a human toilet. Being shit on is the worst. He isn't allowed a bath afterwards so he throws his clothes into the shit bucket and uses some of his drinking water to clean as much as he can so he doesn't die from
"Not on your life," John said, slowly swiveling his head from side to side. "I wouldn't release anything more vulnerable than a fucking
sake! You sound like Dr. Reed!"
A sudden pain in his chest, but it was there and gone.
Sitting in his hideaway contemplating all of this is driving Sherlock up the wall. And he's bored. He wants to go home—home to John, home to what's familiar and comforting. He'll just have to apologize to John for…what exactly is he apologizing for, though? The thought makes him angry all over again, but he takes the anger and smashes it into a ball, smaller and smaller, then locks it into a box and throws it into the basement of his mind palace where all the other shit he doesn't want to deal with lies.
"That was quite a speech," Dr. Reed says, sounding wholly unimpressed. "And I think I might even be persuaded to believe that a few of the things you said were true. For the most part, though, it was utter tosh."
"Very good," John says with a grin.
Sherlock will do everything he can to make sure that doesn't happen.
"Actually, it looks like I'll need day shift for a while," John asks, wincing in anticipation of his supervisor's censure.
"Firtht we read about how to treat thunburn to prevent aging and which mathcarath give your lasheth the motht volume. Oh and we read lot of articleths about food. Chathworth loveth cooking. So he'th going to be cooking for uth!"
"I think we'll be fine."
—but if I don't accept Mycroft's money, that means I have to keep working as much as I already do so I can pay rent and keep the lights on and buy food and other very important things. If I do accept Mycroft's money, then I'll only have to work a couple of days a week, which means we get to spend even
"I'm Gerald," the man says, reaching out his hand over the two stools separating them. He looks amused. The tips of John's ears turn pink.
"There he goes with the questions!" John said, glad that this one, at least, didn't involve penises. "I'll let Chatsworth discuss world population with you. I've got a phone call to make to your brother."
"If you've chipped the bone, I'll have to take you for an X-ray and
"I've sent a list to Gerald of things to get. I'm going to make you a smoothie three times a day, in addition to what you eat. Each one will have a combination of protein powder, vitamin powder, flax or hemp seeds, phytoplankton powder, frozen fruit, and coconut or almond milk. I want you to gain at least two pounds a week until you're closer to one-sixty. I'm gonna get you on the scale here in a few minutes to see exactly how much you weigh."
"Put your claws away, dammit!" John said and was surprised when Sherlock obeyed. "Now just sit here and relax for a minute. Don't you think it feels nice?"
There's trees in the distance, scrubby ones he can't identify and then bigger ones with tiny leaves that he also can't identify. Everything is a shade of brown and olive green, from the faintest golden beige to dark, succulent green.
"Yes," Sherlock says.
"But, then, why—?"
"No," Sherlock mumbles.
You have Cally (otherwise known as Calais_Reno) to thank for helping me get this chapter out.
But thinking they knew best was their most infuriating trait. It was a good thing John was around. Who knew what kind of trouble Sherlock might get up to if there was nobody to check his behavior?
John lowers himself to his elbows between Gerald's thighs. At this point, he would kiss and lick his way up his lover's thighs but the other thing that comes with clearer indicators of arousal in a male lover is the refractory period between orgasms. So John decides to get them both off right now and save the more languorous sex for later in the night. (He's surprised that the idea of
"Again."
John sees the hope blossom in Sherlock's eyes before he squashes it down with another furrow of his brow. "Well, of course, you're
Then Sherlock's mind gains its equilibrium, and he surges to his feet while drawing in a deep breath. He hasn't planned these words, and they've never been put together in quite this same way, but Dr. Andy Reed has just blundered into a tripwire in Sherlock's psyche that apparently protects not just himself, but John as well, from insults to their mutual affections.
"Thank you," he murmurs.
Sherlock’s whole body is shaking. He knows he’s on the verge of having a panic attack. He takes deep breaths, holds them, and lets them out slowly. He stands up even slower, afraid he’ll faint and Blaine will come back to life and murder him. Fanciful stuff, but he’s not really working well enough to use logic yet.
He replaces his right hand on Sherlock's forearm with his left and then reaches his right hand up and puts it on the back of Sherlock's neck, his fingertips tracing little lines on his back.
it didn't mean I was less of a man. Except, it felt exactly like that."
"In my bed," John says.
Sherlock looks at the lube launcher with even more horror, and then holds it up, and says, "Oh, I see," and he throws it overhand towards the bedroom door, which it smacks against before clattering to the floor. "There. The lube launcher has been launched," and John bows over in laughter so hard, it leaves him gasping for air.
Everyone else is here already. As John goes around handing out hugs and kissing cheeks, nobody mentions that John is the only one who didn't bring his significant other.
"Besides, what I really want to do is suck you," John says, his eyes dark with lust. A blush stains his ears, and spreads down to his face and chest. "And then I want you to come on my face."
John nods though his laughter. "I have. I would say he's quite handsome."
And John comes, abruptly and untouched, arse clamping painfully tight around Sherlock, who hisses and stares in shock at John grunting and straining and twisting below him, and has to keep John's hips in a death grip so he doesn't rip himself off of Sherlock while his muscles are so rigidly clenched. John moans, "Oh, shit, oh fuck, I'm sorry, I told you your mouth!" even as his cum splatters the duvet, and Sherlock thinks
"Yeah, well, don't hide anything from me. I'll go over the list of medications they prescribed and if I think you should take them, you will. Anything else I think you need to take, I'll prescribe myself."
And Mycroft's assurance that Sherlock would mostly eat and sleep for the first week or so?
Sherlock pulls his fingers out, and there's the sound of a condom wrapper, and Sherlock muttering
John shrugs because, yeah—after the confident dissection of the fight in Gerald's calm therapist-voice, John realizes how completely he overreacted.
me, you think I can't tell the difference between that and
"Yes, at the, um, embassy. The doctors reports, they're in my bag," Sherlock says and points over his shoulder towards the sitting room. He turns to go and get it, but John stops him.
, and it makes me insane. Oh, and now that I've had a flashback, we'll
He spends time with Mike Stamford, who's always been a cheerful bloke. Mike comes across as oblivious, but he's not. He sees under the surface and reads between the lines. He's an empathetic listener. In the first month after Sherlock's death, John tells him over and over again how grateful he is that Mike took him back to Bart's that day.
"Oh, is that it, then? You wouldn't be so angry if I'd done it
"John, you are literally in my bed, and—"
Sherlock gestures him to scoot further up the bed, and John complies, his arousal plain now. He's not fully erect, but when Sherlock hooks his arms under John's legs, and spreads them wide, John's dick visibly hardens while Sherlock stares with impatient hunger at the feast below him. Then Sherlock hooks John's knees over his shoulders before getting down on his forearms. He roughly spreads John's cheeks, taking several long seconds just to enjoy the rumpled pink circle of his anus. With a groan, he buries his face in John's arse, and licks John's hole over and over again with the flat of his tongue. John makes beautiful noises above him, whimpering and moaning, but holding himself rigid until Sherlock raises his head to look at John's heavy-lidded, passion-hungry eyes, and says, "I want you to fuck your arse down on my face, and I want to hear
"Too bad," John says. "You have to eat." Sherlock gives him a sleepy smile and John grins back.
John stares at her incredulously over his clipboard while the nurse hovers around waiting for instructions. "Tell me which pain started first."
"I, well—I begged Mycroft to let me come home and he said I could only if you took responsibility for my treatment."
John's dick, which had taken a nap during all the talking and laughing bits, wakes up, but John, ever practical, says, "You know, I can't—I can't really wear that for that many hours. I'd at least have to take it out when I had to, you know—" and Sherlock rolls his eyes, and says, "It's
"You thought I would be too ashamed to see you again?" John guesses.
the man you are and I want to help you bring that man back. Will you, please-- Sherlock, no more secrets. Right?"
That's when Captain John Watson lurches to his feet, pulls on his discarded scrub bottoms, uses Sherlock's shirt to wipe Sherlock's cum off his face, and turns on the overhead light, the other lamp, and opens the door, and then
children, but his parents were dead, his sister was an alcoholic and he was too broken to drag anyone into his life.
"Oh, for god's sake, it's just
"To Sherlock!" comes the raucous cheer.
"Sherlock, whether you want to admit it or not, you
—" then realizes he's being too loud, and lowers his voice, "You're
John's heart. It's that Sherlock knows John, and John will do the
"Is this—I don't want us to never speak to each other again, unless—or is that what you want? To never speak to me again?" The thought fills John with panic as he begins to grasp the depth of his
He's contracted a fungal infection on his skin from living in filth for four and a half weeks. The patches look like bed sores and some of them seep with fluid. They smear anti-fungal cream all over the sores and it burns. They draw vials and vials of blood. If being tortured didn't kill him, Sherlock's beginning to believe the goddamn nurses might. He's too weak and exhausted to complain much, though. Besides, he just wants to lie down between clean white sheets and sleep for about a week and then he wants to go home.
"Go on," Sherlock says with a nod.
"Mm," he says, his lips trailing lower.
apologize to me for taking care of you. Yeah? Can you do that for me?"
"For example, if you trip over someone's foot and hurt yourself, that doesn't automatically mean they
, John—the thing I care about most in the world. Not my reputation—I don't care what people think unless it keeps me from solving interesting puzzles. No, you see,
"Oh, hey," John says flatly, his nose still clearly congested.
"Oh, Gerald. What I felt for him was so long ago. I've known you for a year and I love you and you have nothing to worry about."
For a moment, Gerald's face crumples, but he turns his face back to the desk, where his hand is resting. He smooths it over the desk, like he's sweeping up invisible crumbs and then his hand stills. He looks up.
Holmes rolled his eyes and said, "I’m fully prepared to extend a financial incentive. Upon release of the egg, ten thousand pounds will be deposited into your—"
It was
Sherlock puts his hands on his hips. "How long—"
John comes into the kitchen, carrying Sherlock's black duffel bag like it only weighs a pound. It felt so heavy on Sherlock's shoulder, but Sherlock is malnourished despite his five days of being force fed by Mycroft.
and it seemed like we were in a bubble where nothing else mattered and I just—I took advantage."
look at my boyfriend's arse," John says, trying for stern.
Gerald nods and then turns into a statue. It's a struggle, John can see. He's pushing a needle into the meat of Gerald's bottom lip and, like John said, the face (especially the lips) and the hands are some of the most sensitive places on the human body. Everyone knows a papercut hurts more than cuts three times as big on other parts of the body.
Morning took so long to arrive that John thought he and Sherlock might perish from exhaustion and an abundance of drool before John could do something about Sherlock's teething that didn't involve winging it with the items he had on hand. As soon as John knew Mrs. Hudson would be awake, he took Sherlock downstairs and knocked on her door.
. I'm knackered."
Chatsworth propped himself against the wall between the sitting room and kitchen, grinning. "Hey, don't fob this off on me. You were the one who was thinking about it."
Finally Sherlock speaks, his voice without inflection, distant. "I woke up this morning, naked and curled around you, and was blissfully happy, until I realized some of the flesh on the inside of my lips was torn and aching, and that I had no clear memory of what happened I—after we—"
in nothing but your bloody great coat and some fucking women's shoes, right here where
"What? How?" Gerald asks.
John stands in front of the kitchen window, his arms crossed tightly over his chest, his nostrils flaring, and his jaw clenched painfully tight.
Sherlock takes his antibiotic, four ibuprofen, and the melatonin John prescribed, and is about to make his way upstairs to John's old room (and what is now Sherlock's new one) when John comes out of his bedroom, looking rumpled and exhausted.
"No, we never got that far. They were both serious relationships. One I was with for about five years. The other I was with for six. I've been single for well over a year. So this is the first sex I've had in almost two years," Gerald says and then pauses and looks at John with narrowed eyes for a minute. "Do you understand what I'm saying about how we define sex?"
"Until midnight and you only come if you obey. Do you want to play?"
"Uh. No." John scratched his nose. "Not quite."
At Chatsworth's suggestion, John had closed his eyes until Sherlock had completed his metamorphosis, which spared him the nauseating confusion he'd experienced when Chatsworth had shifted. Since his brain didn't feel like it had liquified, he was able to immediately admire the changes in his dragon.
Chatsworth didn't look likely to cut John any slack. "Really, John. You're a
Sherlock pushes himself all the way up, and grabs John by the wrist, and says, "C'mere," just like in his fantasy, and John goes. Sherlock wraps him up in his arms, and finds his chest expanding with something that feels like hurt, but also feels good, when John slumps against him, pressing his face into Sherlock's neck.
, where he will be loved. It feels like home, and
"I'll be back as soon as I can, yeah? I'm really sorry about this."
—they deliver to."
"You think breaking up with Gerald was easy?" John says, his voice rising towards a shout. "Now the obstacle has been overcome and we can fall in bed together,
in your arse, and I'm just—I'm trying not to think about all the other things I want to put in your arse, because it's entirely too possible that I might come in my pants," and John points out, "You're not wearing pants," and Sherlock smacks his arse, and says, "Shut up. I'm thinking," and John says, "I'd hoped that, you know, in
There’s a glimpse of something desperate flickering in Blaine’s eyes. He knows exactly what’s going on here and Sherlock can almost believe that Blaine wants this to happen, that he wants to get rid of the burden of running a criminal enterprise. Maybe he’s tired of playing the straight man with the beautiful wife and two small daughters. Maybe he’s tired of never allowing himself to keep a lover longer than a few weeks. (Sherlock has been the longest.)
," and John would laugh if he could, if he wasn't thinking
John rubbed his hand over his mouth. "How long does
"Ah, it's all right. He'll come around. We're very possessive, dragons."
"I thought you were
So he does. He sends one text that says all three of those things and then waits. And waits. An hour later, Sherlock still hasn't responded, but he's on a case, John reminds himself. It doesn't stop the flush of anxiety though.
"I know the words
Gerald reaches out a hand and tugs at John's hair with a warning
"Do you still want to bottom?" Gerald asks, trying to mask his eagerness.
a natural state of being, not for Sherlock, no—not anymore.
Four months after faking his death, Sherlock is on a plane bound for New Orleans, Louisiana where he will work with the FBI to begin dismantling the human trafficking ring that spans two continents and is spearheaded by four of Moriarty's lieutenants. These are the men who answered to nobody but Moriarty.
means, since you find this whole thing so funny!"
pulse of guilt when he remembers he still hasn't told Gerald what happened between himself and Sherlock on Thursday night, but that's not a conversation he wants to have over the phone.)
"Don't you dare touch me," Gerald hisses.
But then Sherlock widens his thighs even further and uses the hand cupping John's arse to pull them closer together. John can feel the hard line of Sherlock's erection against his thigh, and Sherlock is almost
Thirty minutes later, John has a mind-numbing orgasm that leaves him shivering so hard, the bed rattles. Gerald gathers him up in his arms and John is suddenly overwhelmed with emotion. To his embarrassment, tears squeeze out of his eyes. He looks up at Gerald in betrayal. What devilry has he wrought?
for you, Sherlock, for as long as it took! I would've died waiting for you if I'd only known
"Chew on that. I'll call your brother to see if you can have some paracetamol."
"And, just so you know, since it seems to be the sticking point with you—only about a third of my clients use physical punishment because, yeah, the other two thirds get off on it. Like I said, behavior modification."
. It's all very proper nonsense.
Sherlock's head snapped up from the box he'd been investigating.
"You'd shower and shave, just like you would if you were going on a date. It's supposed to feel like a
while you're naked."
"I, uh, I'm not," John says and stops, his face getting even hotter.
Sherlock smiles slowly, a dangerous, soft smile. He pulls out of Blaine, ties off the condom and drops it on Blaine’s stomach. Then he tucks himself away and walks out of the bedroom.
Sherlock back. His Sherlock had been a combination of student, sidekick and youthful best friend—a harmless, sexless creature who provided comfort and purpose for John and for whom John provided—what exactly
"The thought of coming home to you kept me going—that, and the small bit of hope I carried with me that, if I were just brave enough to tell you, brave enough to push past your
. Do you know how hard that was for me?"
John opens the sliding glass door and steps back out into the muggy night air. Olivia and Bernie have set up a large galvanized steel bucket filled with ice and bottles of beer on the patio. A fat citronella candle rests on the garden table.
"Thank you, John," Mycroft says, obvious relief in his voice.
). She helps him down to the edge of the gravel road when he's done so he can sit with his head hanging, wrists resting on drawn up knees. She fetches some wipes, mouthwash, a bottle of cold water.
"You're supposed to put the milk in first," Mycroft said.
John rolls his eyes, and pulls on his headlamp, positioning the magnifying glass over his eye. John holds Sherlock's hand down with his right and, with his left, he squirts and wipes, squirts and wipes until he can see the white of the bone, whole.
They don't ask how he got an anal fissure that turned into an abscess, but they probably don't have to.
As he's waiting for the kettle to click off, John thinks of Gerald at home alone in his bed and there's a sudden spike of pain in his chest. He misses Gerald, terribly. Most of all, Gerald would be able to advise him on what to do with Sherlock, on how to handle the—whatever it was—that happened between them last night.
John huffs in irritation, picks up his phone, and dials Angelo's restaurant. Thirty minutes later, John and Sherlock have enough food to feed three times as many people.
"Okay, then. Safe as hospitals. Also, don't forget that Chatsworth is going to start teaching you how to read today. You'll be so busy, you won't even know I'm gone."
John goes skidding around the corner of the alley, wiping sweat from his forehead and almost collides with the skip in front of him. The bright staccato sounds of laughter and clink of dishes spill out of the café at the front of the building.
"Two of you who?"
Sherlock perked up and threw himself off the bed, using his wings to keep from smacking onto the floor, and trotted off to the sitting room. If there was one thing about Sherlock that John could always count on, it was his avid curiosity.
"I think I might be more interested in doing the Dom/sub thing outside of the flat than in it. Watching you do what I say with everyone looking but not knowing what we're up to? Hot."
After treating each set of injuries, John changes his nitrile gloves. He also keeps scrupulous notes, raising his head to look at the ceiling, his tongue stroking his bottom lip as he thinks of what to write. Sherlock has to avert his eyes because he finds the gesture painfully erotic and he's only just gotten his body back under control.
John slumped in relief and glared at Sherlock who, of course, was completely unaware of John's displeasure. He turned his glare on Chatsworth. "Does this mean we can go home now?"
—with how the quiet flat makes him feel—
Gerald nods, looking wary and grimly determined.
"I truly hate repeating myself," Sherlock says, the words far more playful than haughty after all these years. "I
His heart whispers
Their humid, whispered declarations against each other's skin taper off until they're both silent, relaxed against each other, as Baker Street comes to full life outside.
"No."
"I. Love. You."
"Is my brother with you?"
would have time to figure it out. How could he have predicted that Sherlock would jump off of the roof of St. fucking Bart's?
. I'm sure you can—"
"Yes, but you don't go through each level chronologically, John. You are simply
"Yes."
"You and Gerald."
to happen to me, I'll be in a hospital where there are doctors and nurses and machines and medicines designed to save lives. I'll be safe as houses."
"Taxi!" he yells, almost stepping into the middle of the road, arm flailing.
"No," John says, shaking his head. He tries to swallow, but his throat is too dry.
, I only meant that if he had a plan to steal you away, he would've already done so. And anyway," he said in gentle admonition, tapping Sherlock on the nose, "I know you're not really worried Mycroft is going to come get you. You're just trying to convince me to stay home."
"John! Did you learn nothing about the importance of communication from me in our time together?"
"I'm fucking serious, mate," John says. "My dick is rock hard."
John gets up from his chair at the sitting room desk. "You know, Mycroft, I wouldn't be quite so insulted if you spoke English rather than Posh Public School Arsehole," John growls. "
There's a pavilion on the grounds and John guides them there, but they go slowly because Gerald's knee hurts when he puts weight on it. Under the pavilion, the benches are laid out like in a church, although there's no altar. John has Gerald sit down with his leg stretched out on the bench. He crouches next to Gerald's leg and pushes Gerald's trouser leg up to see his knee.
sex from me," Sherlock snaps, glaring daggers at John.
"What do you mean,
to meet him. He grimaces instead and curses under his breath. His heart is racing and his palms are sweaty. He develops a mantra—
"I fail to see the difference," Sherlock says, his tears momentarily on hold while he gears himself up for an argument.
Mycroft held up a hand to forestall him. "Mrs. Hudson knows about Sherlock." John gaped at him. Mycroft had the decency to look a little sheepish. "I felt it prudent to withhold that information. At the time, that is."
After that, there's only the sound of their ragged breathing, and the squelching, sucking sound of Sherlock pushing down the plunger while pulling the barrel slowly out, and John can't help the long, low grunting moan that comes from deep in his throat. Sherlock says, "Oh, hell," and pulls it all the way out, before tossing it on the floor. John almost says,
I know you've heard me thank Jenn and Katie multiple times, so I'll start with those beta readers extraordinaire...
"When was the last time you took something for the pain, Sherlock?" John asks.
John comes home from drinks with Rebecca to find Sherlock eating Mrs. Hudson’s shepherd's pie. He gives him a kiss on the forehead, which Sherlock brushes away in annoyance.
“Unlike you, they don't have denim to protect their knees. They wear a shift, kind of like a hospital gown,” Gerald says. When John opens his mouth, Gerald rushes to say, “Yes, they wear their pants—I knew you would ask that question first. Jesus, John. All you think about is sex."
"Hey, settle down," John says, putting his hand on Sherlock's arm.
"At least let Trudy pack you some breakfast," Mycroft said when Greg made his way back to the head of the table. "It'll only take a few minutes. Actually, I might as well drive into town with you and get some work done as well. So much for our long weekend."
"No wonder you didn't want to admit you were gay. Bisexual, I mean. Because you
(See the end of the chapter for
understand why he'd want to see you in high heels."
in love and joyful that, every now and again, dread drives a spike into his spine, and he thinks
Chatsworth and John both broke out into laughter, embarrassing poor Sherlock who huddled against John's chest, face hidden.
"Let's save that for another time, then. The paddle is next. It's flat and fairly thin so it'll smart rather than bruise. Ready?"
under his breath and signals for a cab. It'll be faster that way.
, for God's sake!
Rebecca comes careening into the living room, hauling Sherlock by the elbow. When they come to a stop, Rebecca spreads her arms with flair, like a game show host showing off the winning prize.
When John turned around, Sherlock was already up in the air, his form blurred by the dust stirred up by his wings. Chatsworth and John shared a look—it was a look only Sherlock inspired and it said
John wants to apologize, though for what he's not sure, especially since he and Gerald have ended up with the men they'd longed for before they met each other. Before he can open his mouth, Gerald asks, "Can I hug you?" tentatively, and John hesitates only a couple of seconds before whispering, "Yeah."
Chatsworth made a snorting noise. It was the sound he made when he was trying not to laugh. Watching a thirty ton dragon trying not to laugh made John chuckle as well, which only infuriated Sherlock further. With a strangled scream, he turned and marched for the locker room, yelling over his shoulder, "I will have as much sex and sugar and television and fire as I want and
"You went a bit a goofy for a minute," she says, holding back a laugh, but then they look at each other and they both laugh, louder and more enthusiastically than the moment warrants, feeding off each other's laughter, and John thinks
give you that."
"Have you ever fingered yourself?" Gerald asks.
"C'mon, Sherlock, you know it's not that simple," John says, scooting to the edge of the bed before getting to his feet with a weary groan. "We can't just jump into bed together."
Why was he fine with the things Gerald did to him—some of which were pretty fucking kinky—but not this? The reason he fell into his relationship with Gerald with such ease was because he'd already struggled with his sexuality after Sherlock died. He'd accepted he was bisexual, and mourned Sherlock even more, and then he'd met Gerald, so it hadn't been a shock.
coming back. We have a life together, Gerald and me. I
"Sh," Sherlock whispers. "I'm hugging you."
," John says, keeping his body language open, and unthreatening. "And I'm saying
"But—"
and what it means for himself as a man. It drives Sherlock into despair sometimes that John's still not
"No," Sherlock chuckles darkly. "Quite experienced. Would you like to hear all the filthy things I want to do to you?"
"Sorry," John murmurs.
, so he lowers his head to do so.
. Most of the time, John feels like he either has to do what Sherlock says or be cut out of the case. Those are the only two options. Sherlock's way or not at all.
"I see Chatsworth has been using unconventional methods to teach you about our country?"
invasive vetting process and was read in on some frankly
lie," Sherlock says with a roll of his eyes.
happened didn't mean it
Gerald, has never experienced a Gerald full of rage, would have said Gerald was too kind for this kind of reactive anger.
"Sherlock doesn't want kids."
you are going to bugger me senseless."
"Yes, darling, nobody can compare. You are the only dragon for me," John said, reaching down to rub his knuckles along Sherlock's cheek.
"Is that everything?"
"I don't have to shave my legs or anything, do I?"
"It's nothing," Gerald says, with a wave of his hand, his voice coming out hoarse and congested.
Sounding weary, Sherlock said,
"Eyes down, John, or I'll have to blindfold you. You don't want me to do that, do you?"
"You went a bit a goofy for a minute," she says, holding back a laugh, but then they look at each other and they both laugh, louder and more enthusiastically than the moment warrants, feeding off each other's laughter, and John thinks
"I just want to know if I can say other words so long as they're not about penises!" Sherlock growled, the words bunching together as he tried to get them out before John shushed him. His tail whipped around and knocked John in the back of the head hard enough that he stumbled.
Sherlock and John share a smile, remembering that night, handcuffed together and on the run from the police. When Sherlock had taken John's hand, after John had said
anymore!" Sherlock growls, pushing himself to his knees, and then launches off the bed, and begins to pace. "I want to touch you, and I want you to touch me! It's no longer enough to hear you say you're in love with me, John. I know—well, I can't actually know, personally, what you've given up for me, but I do know that I can't keep paying for the choice I made. I would do it all over again. I would burn my way through the world for you, John! Are those the actions of an unfeeling machine, a man who doesn't know how to love? It does actually hurt, you know—being home finally, having survived, being in your bed every night, my arms wrapped around you, and yet you might as well be halfway across the world again, for all the hope it gives me."
a developmental milestone you're supposed to have grown out of before adolescence. By the time a child is eight years old, they've begun to separate their perception of events from other people's intent.
"Go!" Cayden says.
John shrieks with laughter.
He rubbed under Sherlock's pearly white chin until Sherlock began to purr. "Do you want to see all the things Chatsworth has brought in? He had a van with him—that's like a really big car for hauling lots of very interesting things around."
"Come on, then," he says. "Let's eat in the sitting room. I'll go back for the wine."
John thinks feverishly and giggles once, high and breathy.
"Shit." John was beginning to realize this was not going to be as simple as he realized. "Okay, so—how big will he get before he's able to shift?"
way, and John knows he won't be able to get around comfortably for a few days without cocodamol.
"Oh, they can fucking try," John said, his blood up so badly that his vision was starting to spark and narrow. "I may be short, but I pack a hell of a punch."
Sherlock's answer was a rumbling sound akin to a purr.
and then
"It feels
Sherlock can expect to be here for months. He knows Mycroft will devote every second to finding him and getting him out of there. In the meantime, all Sherlock can do is endure. He puts his usual sarcasm and arrogance away. He makes himself as unthreatening as possible. The more cowed they think he is, the less fun they'll get out of hurting him.
"But you wouldn't be surprised if they do."
, said Him the Egg with such utter conviction that John's heart squeezed painfully.
"I think we'll be fine."
"Actually," John says, wiping his sweaty hands on his shorts, grateful that Gerald brought it up so John didn't have to. John tells Gerald everything that happened, from meeting Rebecca for a drink to John calling Sherlock a dick at the end of their fight.
"I want you to try," John responds. He tilts his head in a way that Sherlock long ago learned strongly implied
"He got me out as soon as he could."
refers to sexual acts. I mean, consider lesbians. They don't have penises. They can still penetrate but only with their fingers or a dildo but millions of lesbians would rip your head off for suggesting that they're not having sex with their girlfriend if all they ever use is their fingers and their mouth. To me, that makes gay sex more intimate because we're not just getting things out of the way so we can get to the part where someone penetrates someone else. I've always felt sorry for straight women. I imagine most men only use foreplay as a means to penetration and don't bother otherwise."
"That's right," Gerald says, and his very smugness is fueling John's arousal.
"Ah ah! You agreed, John. Do you want to stop? We can stop if you tell me to."
"Yeah," John says, his brow furrowed. "But, I mean—we should be able to talk about these things with each other. Right?"
"So, this isn't a bondage thing? Um—tying my hands to the bedframe, I mean."
"John! I finally got to masturbate!" His voice was high and manic. "I didn't think it would be so messy. I did it six times already! Can you do it that many times in a day? The internet says the older you get, the longer your recovery period. I didn't even have a recovery period the first three times. My penis stayed hard even after I'd ejaculated! Did you know that you could watch people have sex on the Internet? Aiden and I watched two women having sex, and two men having sex, and a man with a woman, and two men with one woman, and two men with two men, and—"
necessarily, but he's in hiding. I'd never expected to see him again, and then he showed up. Gerald and I can't tell anyone, we made a sort of nondisclosure agreement, and that's why we've been shifty about it. His location has to remain secret."
“I love you, too,” John says quietly, reverently, and presses himself as close to Sherlock as possible.
Sherlock demanded.
. Sherlock had looked askance at him, and experienced one of the first moments of desire that left him breathless.
enjoy, as you know—"
"No, that's—that's, right. Fine, I mean."
For another thirty seconds, Mycroft continued to stare at him while his face grew increasingly hot. Finally John shrugged and shook his head; Mycroft went back to his newspaper.
man," he sneers. "Well, tell me John—tell me how you can
"Ye-es," Sherlock says slowly.
After that, their fortyish bodies catch up with them. They lie on the furniture like clocks from Dali's
Sherlock is a little worse for the wear than he was eighteen months ago, but he's still the same man. He's not broken nor is he damaged and John needs to see that his wounds are outside, not inside. Because what he carries inside him isn't a wound—it's relief, pure and simple. He knows he'll be plagued by anxiety attacks like the one he had yesterday when he first came home and nightmares like the one he's just woken up from.
, John—that
"Oh, and don't you know, all those pictures of ugly babies people have shown me over the years and I thought,
traditionally
It remains a bittersweet memory for Sherlock and John must see the sadness in his eyes even through Sherlock's smile, because he tilts his head, and it's only by the slight furrow between his eyes that John is questioning what he sees.
"—our
and all the other niceties of social convention. He likes the idea of Gerald doing what he says, but not if it means John's going to forget how to be polite.
"Oh dear," said Mycroft with a grimace of distaste.
John lets out a sultry moan, and says, "I love it when you use slang in your posh voice."
"It's a Friday night, lad! Anywhere from twenty to forty minutes."
“But I told you I loved you,” Blaine says plaintively.
, John thinks and almost giggles. The other thing is leather, too, but long and thin. It must be a cane.
"I think you should go home," Gerald says.
but John didn't know how to protect himself.
So John explained to the egg what
The thought of sitting in a tub, naked, with Sherlock made John very uncomfortable. "I can't take a bath with you."
"Will
Not that John thought Sherlock would eat him, only—it was like his sister said once about being a woman. It was a fact that almost any man could physically overpower her. That was a biological, physiological fact, regardless of anyone's feelings on gender equality. Just because it
Sherlock scowled, the tip of his tail snapping back and forth in agitation. Unfortunately, that meant it was slapping John in the arm. "You jutht woke up, though! I mith you. I don't want you to go talk to thombody elth when I've only had a minute with you!"
dragon.
"No, you dummy," Bernie sighs. "Can we keep
. Why are you so embarrassed to talk about bodies? It's normal for a young dragon to be intensely curious about the human body. They know they'll change from dragon to human at some point and they want to compare the parts they have now with the corresponding parts they'll have on their human body."
know it. Honestly, no wonder the FBI and MI6 couldn’t catch Moriarty, if learning every fact about the target in a rote schoolroom fashion is their idea of preparation. Too much of life is lived unpredictably to waste time learning facts instead of gathering information
"Gerald."
"I only asked if he had been sexually assaulted and he told me yes and we talked about testing for STIs and that was it."
"Your kink? I wouldn't like your kink?"
"You're a dick," John growls, and storms off to the bedroom.
. He smiles at Sherlock and laughs, gestures at his face.
Sherlock looks up. "If you want me to go, I'll go. I still don't see what that has to do with my kink."
"Please, Sherlock,
Sherlock tells him he will use his mouth to help Zivko get hard and bring him close enough to orgasm that when Zivko penetrates him, he won't have to do it for long. He tells Zivko to use lots of spit.
when there's literally billions of websites out there. Even if ninety-nine percent of them are garbage, that still leaves tens of thousands of pages. It'll be
, his body says,
"I'm sorry to bother you so early in the morning, but can you watch him for a bit? His teeth are coming in and he's been up all night, miserable. I'm going to run out and get some teething soothers and children's paracetamol."
Now both John's hands are resting on Sherlock's knees, and he's using them to push himself upright, when Sherlock catches him around the hips and jerks John toward him. The pain leaves him groaning before he bites it off, and John, alarmed, bends closer. Sherlock takes the opportunity to pull John onto his lap, gritting his teeth against the pain.
John gasps when Sherlock drags his knuckles lightly along his erection. "
They kept track of Sherlock's growth, in part because of John's curiosity, but also because Sherlock liked John to take out the notebook where he kept the measurements and read out to him how much bigger Sherlock was compared to previously. By the time Sherlock was a month old, it had become glaringly obvious that Sherlock could not stay in the flat for much longer. When he'd hatched, his head only came up to John's knee if Sherlock stretched it. He'd been six feet long, but now he was nine feet long and his head came up to John's waist.
He doesn't know if he's begging Sherlock to stop or to stroke him harder. It's breathtaking and terrifying all at once. Six hours ago, he didn't even know Sherlock was alive and now Sherlock is giving him a handjob. He kisses Sherlock without even knowing he meant to.
"I think I'm a bit touched, mate. Sounds like you've got my back."
Because of Zivko's suicide, Sherlock is air-lifted out of the hell that is Serbia thirty-two days after being captured.
The answer becomes moot when Sherlock jumps off the bed—which is memory foam rather than spring mattress, a good thing, or the toys, and bottles, and boxes of condoms would've gone flying and rolling off the bed—and sheds his t-shirt, and pajama bottoms (no pants). Then he studies the collection of items on the bed, and tosses all the toys into the bottom drawer, before picking up a few bottles and laying them out, and putting the rest in the top drawer, as well as the condoms for oral sex.
"I'd say high heels and women's underwear are pretty common."
"John, I'm sorry—for your—" Sherlock takes a deep breath and sighs. "I'm sorry." He leaves it at that.
Sherlock was growling loudly as he tried to right himself. Just as John started forward to help him, Sherlock eeled himself over onto his feet. It was then that John saw his great black wings. The tips of the wings were speckled with white, and a hooked claw graced the tip of each wing joint.
to...
He pulled the letter out, unfolded it, and began to read. It read:
John returned her coy smile. "Do you flirt with all your flatmates?"
John kept an even, unhurried pace as he made his way through the halls, smiling and greeting familiar faces as he saw them. When he'd been taken into custody during his last shift there hadn't been many people around, and, for once, news must not have spread, because there were no curious or dubious looks thrown his way. Either that, or Eric had made certain that he would feel welcome when he returned.
He turned his expression back to Nikki, who was chewing her nails and looking guilty. He'd asked her the night of the accident not to mention to John that she had seen him, and she'd been true to her word on that. She wasn't a confrontational person, nor was she the type to meddle; her own family drama's had taught her to let sleeping dragons lie. No this was a simple accident of timing. She'd informed him that she'd given John two tickets to tonight's show, and they had made a point of waiting until most of the crowd had cleared before meeting in the main hall. Sherlock had been so focused on trying
taken a look at the body before wandering off. John turned back to the body once more, kneeling down and examining the hands. "Was his wedding ring taken into evidence?" John asked
"About?" John asked warily.
Sherlock leaned up into the kiss, pulling John down towards him. John pushed against him, pushing them both into the back of the plush sofa. Sherlock hummed gently in satisfaction when he felt John's hands converge on his tie, slowly working it free. Sherlock gasped into their kiss when he felt John pull his tie away and start to work on the buttons of his shirt. Sherlock's fingers trembled again and he pulled John closer, half untucking John's shirt in the process. He wanted to finish the job and run his fingers up the bare skin of John's back, but he hesitated until John pulled back and murmured, "I
John looked up suddenly from his food, frowning. The more he thought about it, the more Sherlock's illness troubled him. Acting on impulse, John reached forward and laid his hand on the younger man's forearm. Sherlock's fork halted, pasta dangling limply from it as he looked up into John's concerned face.
Sherlock flushed with warmth, from the adrenaline, naturally, nothing else.
Sherlock turned and made to stride back to his microscope when a calm, clear voice cut through the silence that had settled over the lab.
He was just about to start cursing again when he spied a lone black Bentley with the a heavily muscled driver in an expensive suit standing just to one side of it. A chill of recognition ran through him, and he hoped he wasn't wrong. He knew this could just as easily be a trap, but he had to try.
Sherlock lifted his head to make a note on the pad of paper beside him, still ignoring the pathologist. He'd chosen Barts as his location because of the resources at his fingertips here. He could order certain supplies for research at 221 B, and had often done so, but for something simple like this, Barts was easier… although he may have to rethink that conclusion if Molly was going to continue to be disruptive like this…
John tried to cut Sherlock off, but the arrogant bastard just rumbled on ahead. "There's a bedroom just up the stairs. You'd be completely out of the way if I was thinking or experimenting. You'd best become a sound sleeper, and not count on much conversation. I play my violin, sometimes at all hours, when I need to think, and between cases I often don't talk for days. People say potential flatmates should know the worst about each other." With an ineffectual shrug, Sherlock turned away and strode to the laptop computer resting on his desk, hunching over it and typing furiously.
Evelyn looked up again and said, "He was in trouble. I don't know why, or about what, but he was worried. He started coming home late, even for him. He never really listened to me to begin with, but he wasn't even trying to pretend to anymore." She trailed off for a moment, glanced at the door, then added in a voice close to a whisper. "He was fighting with mother."
John sighed softly and typed out a message.
John fought the urge to make fists in his short blond hair. Of course. Of course this raving lunatic would have the police anesthetized to his outlandish behavior. John shivered at what else he must have put the officers through...
Breaking free of Greg's grip, John strode forward, shrugging off the hands of Mrs. Hudson and Molly as they extended to him. The self satisfied smile that curled on Mycroft's face was sickening, and John's glare hardened as he approached.
Apparently done admiring his handiwork at Sherlock's groin, John reaches behind him and snags the box of condoms. He opens the box, and pulls out a strip, rips one off, and peels it open. Then, to Sherlock's confusion, pops it into his mouth, where it disappears. He leans forward, and pulls back the waistband of Sherlock's pants, takes the head of Sherlock's penis between thumb and forefinger, and his mouth takes Sherlock down all the way to his balls in one tight, smooth motion. Sherlock yelps and his hips thrust up slightly before John holds them down. It's only when John bobs back up does Sherlock realize what happened to the condom.
John says his name again, just a whisper, but Sherlock shakes his head, slinging tears as he does, crying so hard he feels dehydrated, and staggers away from a stunned John. He flees to the upstairs bedroom. He leaves the overhead light and the lamp on, afraid of the dark, but he closes the door, the first time he's done so since coming home. He crawls under the covers and pulls them over his head, something he hasn't done since childhood. This time the monster he's hiding from is the hollowness in his chest where the hope for John's love used to be.
An hour later, Sherlock's whimpered and woke completely. John didn't need a telepathic or even verbal directive to know that it was his teeth that woke him. John took the chew rag Sherlock had been using, tossed it into the freezer, and brought out the frozen one. For the rest of the night, he alternated them as each one warmed up. To catch the—frankly
John couldn't help but laugh. Then he laid his hand on Sherlock's head. Sherlock nuzzled into it and John felt tears in his eyes. "It's good to finally meet you, Sherlock."
leave him alone!" Gerald says with strident conviction.
Sherlock nods. "The head guard, Danilo, was behind it all. He hated Zivko, was jealous of him because he had a famous father—his famous father who, incidentally, ran a human trafficking ring--who had given Zivko the guard duty in that hellhole
"I said I was sorry," John says when Lestrade's squaddie drops them off at 221B.
"Well?" John demands, hands on hips, his eyes flashing and glittering, and Sherlock's heart hurts, realizing what an error it was to list John without asking him, and says, "I can take you off. I just thought—"
Normally, on the days John has to go to work, his alarm wakes both of them. They might snog for a bit, or maybe they'd have a quick blow job or hand job. Sherlock almost never sleeps through John's alarm. But Wednesday morning he does—or pretends to. John hesitates, wanting to wake him, but remembers how ugly it got the night before and decides it's better if they give each other some breathing room.
"You dirty little slag," Sherlock says affectionately. He plants his feet flat on the bed, brings his thighs flush with John's back, and brings every muscle of his lower body to bear as he fucks himself up hard into the juicy, slippery so-
sorry," and kisses him a third time, pulls away, and says, "I'm—" but John interrupts him, and says, smiling, "Sorry, yes, I get it. But we're all right, yeah?" He brings his hand up and cups Sherlock's cheek, and then John kisses Sherlock, his hands resting lightly on Sherlock's waist, but the kiss—like all their kisses the last two days—quickly becomes heated, and soft moans and gasps fill the air. One of John's hands tighten on Sherlock's waist, and the other moves down to cup his arse, giving it a squeeze. John pulls back, nipping along Sherlock's jaw to his ear, and says, "That thing you did yesterday morning?" and Sherlock says, breathlessly, "Yeah?" even though it was a rhetorical question. John says, "I'm gonna do that to you. After they leave."
me I'd sabotaged your relationship! That's what you said!"
John nods, his mouth turned up a little at the corner. When Gerald is sitting next to him, John feels a shiver of excitement travel up and down his spine.
Sherlock can't, he just
Bernie sticks her tongue out and turns away with Milton. She raises her voice slightly and says, "Party's over! Everyone see yourselves to the door. Goodnight!" and disappears down the hallway to the bedrooms.
"Because Gerald himself was in love with his best friend. And he was always going to be a tiny bit in love with someone else, and a tiny bit emotionally unavailable."
At last, Sherlock is disgorged from the cab and stands in front of an iron gate. With resolve, he breathes in, opens the gate, walks through and latches it. The walk to the front door is short. He raises his hand. He knocks. The door opens.
Everyone looks at Sherlock, who blushes furiously and gives a solemn nod. John tries, and fails not to laugh at his embarrassment. Sherlock glares at him and John kisses him, quite provocatively, on the mouth and is encouraged with a piercing wolf-whistle by Bernie, until Cyril clinks a fork against his glass and reminds them that they are not the center of attention.
, they'll criticize you, too, and that feels—I don't think I could bear it for them to turn what we have into puerile gossip. I can't bear them saying nasty things about
"So's a thirteen year old, but I don't have sex with
John hasn't spoken much about Gerald. The dossier Mycroft put together on John's friends is really all he knows about them.
"Oh," Sherlock says.
They have had to harden themselves so much that they have, in turn, become copies of the people who brutalized them.
Sherlock has no compunctions about seducing Blaine Whitney. All he cares about is destroying Moriarty and he has no problem fucking someone to do that. Sherlock is good at turning off his moral compass, especially when it comes to sex. He’s never had an interest in romance but he has always had a very high libido. It’s taken him years to rein it in, and now he gets to let it out of its cage and hope it doesn’t destroy him.
Sherlock pushes himself up, and throws his hands out, and says, "Excuse me? It was
"I could use some of that," John mutters, kicking off his shoes, hanging up his jacket, and dropping his bag on the floor. "I'm off to have a shower"
It was the first time, after losing Sherlock, that he'd felt love might be possible again, that he might just be able to share the rest of his life with someone who wasn't Sherlock. Gerald, so deceptively, incredibly sexy in nothing but loose boxers and his shoulder length black hair tied up with an elastic on the top of his head—had created the same reaction in him that Sherlock, in a sleek, dark grey, fine wool suit did—
him, so
"Well. It's a moot point. You said you'd go anyway, without a sexual bribe, so—"
"You had sex with him," Gerald says, facing John at last.
"—lock!" Mycroft hisses.
Sherlock makes a dismissive sound, but nods in acknowledgement, before sitting down next to John. "You can fuck me on my back. Or I can be on top."
"John," Rebecca says, poking him in the shoulder.
"Yeah, okay, but other than getting all spiffed up like I'm going on a date, and wearing your coat and the shoes—I mean, like, okay—so I pack up the coat and shoes and take a taxi to your secret sin palace, and then we have sex?"
John pulls away, looking at Sherlock skeptically, but Sherlock just glares back and says
"It's fine, John," Sherlock says with feigned boredom.
Even before he hears the warm rumble of that voice or sees that head of inky curls, he knows that Sherlock is here. John goes still, so shocked that he can't even shake his head to answer when Jasper nudges him and asks, "Do you know who it is?"
"I meant, usually both parties
and then you come back here less than a
because John needed to know that.
over, um—" Sherlock makes a vague spinning gesture with his hand.
His back is a mess and he ends up needing sixty-three stitches. As he feared, he developed an abscess from the anal fissure the second time Danilo raped him. His back hurts too much to lie down on it so a nurse gets onto the exam table and holds him up as best he can while the doctor puts his calves into the metal stirrups . He drains the abscess, injects a local anesthetic and sews up the fissure. The doctor smears a combination of antibiotic ointment and topical anesthetic on the wound  and sticks a wad of gauze in between Sherlock's arse cheeks.
Sherlock counts to ten, then picks up his small duffel bag, gets out of the car and makes his way slowly across the street to the familiar door of 221B. He's beginning to move a bit easier now that he's back in London, as though the city is infusing him with life.
sound. He smiles drunkenly, his eyes blinking long and slow, before drawling, "
to them. They can shrug it off, so it doesn't bother them so much.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yep. I probably am," John says, nodding his head, grinning like an idiot.
John strokes his palm up and down Sherlock's arm, and then down again, laces their fingers together, and says, "Go ahead and gloat all you want, sweetheart. I'm impressed," and Sherlock murmurs, "Sweetheart," before licking salty sweat off John's skin, and quieter, drawing the word out into two, "Sweet—heart."
"I love you," John says.
"Why are you asking me?" Sherlock says with a glare. "This is the first actual relationship I've ever been in. Sex is completely separate."
taught him, unfortunately), and run to his bedroom to avoid a row with Sherlock, who is beginning to
, John—the thing I care about most in the world. Not my reputation—I don't care what people think unless it keeps me from solving interesting puzzles. No, you see,
Sherlock isn't particularly thrilled about being in therapy, but he recognizes the need for someone like Dr. Reed to aid in his recovery. He hated every second of the way therapy made him feel today—like he was split open, every insecurity and fear on exhibit.
"So, do you love me back?" John asks, twining his fingers through Sherlock's.
"I promise not to leave the hospital until it's time to go home."
"Are you going to continue to interrupt me?" Sherlock asks, scowling. John shakes his head, chagrined. "I would arrange a cab to pick you up here at 6 p.m. and bring you to me. And then, well—and then I would seduce you. The salient points are that you put on the Belstaff and stilettos, and go downstairs, and get in the cab. The driver will know where—"
"Huh. Wow! Okay, what days and times are you available to help?"
"Define
"Being glad to be home doesn't automatically mean you're glad he died. Event A—his suicide—resulted in Event B. Your rescue. Could you have helped him?"
"Look, I've got to get home," Rebecca says, looking at her watch. "Jasper will have supper waiting, and he gets in a strop if I'm late." John snorts, and Rebecca stops digging in her purse, and says, "What?" indignantly.
(Then he feels an even
. John smiles and pulls him into a hug.
He looks so vulnerable standing there naked, his soft penis curled up against his thigh like a sleeping mushroom. Sherlock begins to catalogue the things Blaine will never do again. He’ll never need to wear clothes again. He’ll never use his penis again. He’ll never again see his children, whom he loves, or his wife, who he doesn’t.
after thirty days of imprisonment in a freezing Serbian cell, and all of it—
masculine.
“Do you want me to fuck you?” Sherlock asks.
John pulled several old flannels out of the airing cupboard and tied them together so they made a cross shape of sorts, with a big knot in the middle. He made two of them and gave one to Sherlock. The other one he dampened then tossed in the freezer. If pain medicine wasn't an option, cold might help.
talk," and, for some reason, that makes John laugh again, which makes Sherlock flop back on the bed with an impatient, condescending huff, and he mutters, "Never mind. I don't want to fuck you anymore," petulantly staring at the ceiling.
"Sherlock?" John asks, standing from the desk with sudden alarm.
over and over again, his body shuddering with a pleasure so extreme it almost feels as though it's happening to someone else. John opens his eyes, and looks up at Sherlock. A drop of cum slips off his chin, and Sherlock stares at his gorgeous
Heartache was your constant guide
, watching—stupid and paralyzed—as Sherlock's reality shatters around him. Sherlock looks feral, snarling, hunched into himself, defiance and terror cozy bedfellows in his eyes, like they're
“Mr. and Mrs. So-and-So together with Mr. and Mrs. Other So-and-So are inviting you to a weekend reception to celebrate the marriage of their sons, Gerald and Cyril Glass,” Sherlock reads out loud (with a few changes for brevity’s sake) and then pauses and asks, frowning,  "I thought they were going to have a public ceremony?"
Sherlock glares at him, and John laughs, then rolls off of Sherlock. By the time, Sherlock has stood up, and unzipped his trousers, John has shimmied his way out of his scrubs, and has his thumbs hooked in his pants. Sherlock surges forward to stop him.
Without me by your side
Gerald nods and looks away. John realizes something in his voice made Gerald think John's disgusted. John bends and kisses his cheek.
"No?" If anyone knows kink, it's Gerald.
"Any blood in your urine?"
"Fine, order something," Sherlock says, rolling his eyes. "Although now what I have to tell you will be anticlimactic so I might as well just say it. NSY is holding a press conference on the twenty-sixth to clear my name. There, see? That's why I wanted to tell you right away."
"Look, Sherlock, I'm your friend, yeah?" John stops abruptly and then scrubs his hands over his face.
He types
"You wouldn't like it," Sherlock says, and even though his hands are still poised over the keyboard like he's about to start typing at any time, John knows all of Sherlock's laser intense focus is centered on him.
"My poor, sweet dragon," John said, picking Sherlock up and gently laying him in his lap. He looked back up at Chatsworth. "You said it could take five to seven days for his teeth to come all the way in. Does that mean he's going to feel like this the whole time?"
