He arrived in front of the classroom almost half an hour earlier than he had to which gave him enough time to look at his notes. He entered the room at 11:55am and walked to his seat. He was really afraid and nervous, his hands were clammy and he kept bouncing his knees up and down. But still, he tried to focus on the task at hand and ignoring his nerves.
By the time Sam was back from his morning run,
‘Damn it! Great job, Winchester.’ Dean cussed at himself. He had almost drooled when he saw Cas in just a towel. Luckily he had also been pissed and worried so he could get his mind off of it. That was until the problem was solved and Dean had to try really hard not to stare at the bare chest of his friend. After all, he knew that Cas wasn’t interested in him. Why should he want something from a pathetic human like him?
“Fine,” he said leaning forward to fill the brown liquid into her empty mug.
“Too hot?” Dean chuckled, clearly amused.
So instead he reached out, placing his hand over Dean’s stopping him from his movements.
“What were you doing?” he asked looking over Castiel’s shoulder onto the piece of paper on the table.
“I know we said no gifts but I couldn’t resist,” Cas said before going to his bag and taking out two wrapped gifts, handing them to Dean. The green-eyed boy took them but just stayed there, a smile slowly spreading on his face.
“Dean…” He moaned, his hands roaming over Dean’s shoulders and chest.
Before Dean could wallow in self-pity too much, the front door opened and Sam and Gabe walked in, Gabriel with a grin and Sam with a small blush.
Dean had suggested they go out that night to that bar so that they could scope out the place while it was in full swing. He straightened out the dark green button-down he had put over a plain black shirt. He looked at himself in the bathroom mirror as he ran a hand through his hair and shrugged.
Each side took their places, Dean staying behind with the others after placing a kiss to Castiel’s cheek and telling him that he’ll be right there. After the formalities took place it was time for them to call their first witness.
Inside of the Impala Dean turned towards him.
"Hey," he said, his voice just as raspy as Dean's. After lying in bed for some time they took turns in showering and then got ready. They would leave at around 7:30am. Even though the courthouse wasn't far away they wanted to be there earlier just in case something happened. Cas decided to wear black slacks, a white button-up shirt and a blue tie that complimented his eyes. He walked downstairs where Dean was preparing breakfast. When he saw Cas he let out a low whistle
“Dean?” Cas asked into the silence.
that I have chosen you,
"And you are?" he asked with raised eyebrows.
“Awesome, count us in.” Dean said and Castiel agreed, telling them that they would be there at 10:30 pm. They spent the rest of the day at home, everybody too exhausted to go out.
“The scars and bruises on my client's body” Gabe stated and that’s when Castiel’s anxiety kicked in. Everything was in slow motion and he felt his stomach tighten. No, he didn’t want to show his scars to all of those people. He didn’t even want to show them to Dean. he hates them and how he got them. His throat went dry and a lump formed in his throat, making it hard for him to swallow.
“But?”
I hope you guys like it.
“Oh, I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to interrupt…” he said in fake apology, placing a hand on Dean's shoulder, making sure Jake saw a rather possessive expression on the angel's face. Jake seemed to get the message and stood.
The next morning he woke up at 9am. He showered and ate breakfast. He hadn't gotten a new message and figured he had made a fool out of himself. After lunch his phone rang. It was Anna, who wanted to know if he'd gotten a response. He told her what happened and she told him not to worry that much. After they had hung up Castiel had to do a grocery run because his fridge was empty. He made a list of the things he needed and then got in his car.
“I’m proud of you” he whispered so that only Castiel could hear it and Cas smiled against his shoulder. Yes, Cas was proud of himself too for finally taking actions against his abusive family. They sat outside with their friends talking, Cas didn’t say much as he was too nervous to really focus on the discussion anyway. His thoughts kept wandering off as he tried to focus on anything that didn’t involve his parents but it wasn’t easy for him. His heart had slowed down a little and the lump in his throat had disappeared almost completely.
“So what are you two laughing about?” he asked. He had short dark-blond hair and a British accent. He reached his hand out towards Cas.
At his apartment he packed his bag, taking all the essentials with him and then he heard the roar of the Impala in front of his window. He raced to the door, locking it before jumping into the passenger's seat.
He stopped in front of a metal door, turning back around to Cas.
“Castiel and Dean will now exchange rings as a symbol of love and commitment to each other,” the officiant said. That was Sam’s cue who walked up to them, giving the box with the two rings to his older brother.
“They can but most people want something in return.” He grumped which earned him a slap upside the head from his brother who had just walked into the kitchen, freshly showered.
“Is it someone's birthday or something?” He asked as he took a sip of his coffee.
"You haven't failed me, nor Sam. You saved us. If you weren't there, who knows what would have happened. You are a hero and I know that Sam thinks the same". His voice was soft and low. He kissed him softly before taking his hand and dragging him into the bathroom. It took them some time to clean their wounds properly but after they did, Cas went to Dean’s room, while Dean took care of Sam’s bruises as well.
“Gabe and I were just talking about that and he said that he could try and take custody for them, at least until they are 18,” he said a small smile on his lips. Castiel’s eyes widened and a small smile started playing at the corners of his lips as well. He leaned forward pressing a kiss to Dean’s soft lips.
Cas was speechless, tears falling down his face. Nobody had ever said something so beautiful to him. His heart was racing as he continued to look at Dean.
“Thanks, Anna.”
“I don’t know… just for… everything I guess,” he said finally meeting Castiel’s gaze. The blue-eyed boy tightened his grip around Dean’s hand. He wanted to say something but the people around them started counting down.
They spent the rest of the day, walking around in the city and exploring a lot of the sightseeing places like
“Hello, what can I do for you?” he asked smiling.
Dean was as exhausted as Castiel, though he had the time to drink a coffee before they had to leave. Cas on the other hand had misplaced his passport and spent the whole morning searching for it, until he found it five minutes before Gabriel arrived in one of his coat pockets.
“Let’s just hope that they are in here,” Cas grumbled as he started digging, using his angelic strength to work faster. Sam and Gabe were both holding a flashlight, not being very helpful. Cas had previously just turned them out, not paying any attention to them, eyes focused on Dean but now he couldn’t help but overhear them.
“Ready to leave?” He asked and then turned, trying to hide the blush on his cheeks. Charlie just came out of her room, wearing a form-fitting black dress with a green jacket on top.
School is just bombarding us with homework. Hope you enjoy this chapter.
“Hey,” Cas said back, a smile on his lips.
“I don’t know what reason your client has but I am just stating that there is no evidence of assault”.
Shoutout goes to my beta E.
“That’s what I thought. I hope I won’t have to see you ever again and that you have a good time in jail, big brother” he said as he walked past him and his family, a victorious smile gracing his lips.
“I do.”
he reminded himself and shrugged.
“Oh,” Dean said as he understood what was going on, his cheeks reddening as well. There was an uncomfortable silence before Dean rolled off Cas, laying next to him, his gaze fixed to the ceiling. Cas felt horrible, he didn’t want to ruin their night.
“Wow…” Cas hummed in agreement.
“Dean, hey, talk to me,” Cas insisted softly, putting a hand on his arm to get his attention. When Dean’s green eyes, met Castiel’s blue ones, there was pure trust in them.
“Cas they are beautiful. You are beautiful.” Dean’s voice was soft but confident at the same time. He knew that Dean meant what he said even if he couldn’t quite believe him. He dropped his gaze again.
"Cas I am so sorry I had no idea.." Gabe started but Cas cut him off.
“Where are we going?” he asked as they turned into a small street and stopped in front of a big building. Dean turned off the engine, looking at Cas who was clearly confused. The other man didn’t say anything and instead just exited the car. Castiel followed him asking him again, and again where they were but Dean ignored him, opening the door to the building and walking inside. Dean took his hand leading him up the stairs of the old and dark building.
“Okay I have to go now, see you tomorrow,” Gabe said before ending the call. Once they had hung up he quickly texted Anna.
“Sorry I can’t. I still have to work but I get off in half an hour.” A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth as Castiel turned around and went back to work.
The leaves and branches that had already fallen to the ground were breaking underneath his heavy, leather boots. It was a quiet day and he quickly found a spot where he could be alone. He needed to just think about stuff without getting interrupted. Castiel sat down on the dry ground, he was lucky it hadn’t rained yesterday like it was supposed to and leaned his upper body against the trunk of a tree. Cas liked just sitting on the ground surrounded by trees and breathing in the cold air. He liked this place because nobody knew it and he could think without getting interrupted.
“So do you guys have any plans for today?”
Twenty minutes later they finally turned onto a dirt road that lead to an old barn. He looked over and saw Cas’ frown.
Closing the door, Castiel's knees gave out and he fell to the floor tears running down his swollen face. Dean sat next to him, letting Cas lay his head into Dean's lap. Castiel was sobbing tears blurring his vision. He couldn't stop his body from shaking and he had to force the urge down to vomit. They stayed like this for almost twenty minutes, Castiel's tears running freely down his face, Dean's hand stroking his hair. "I can't believe he did this." Cas said lastly. "It's okay" Dean said soothingly. "He can't get to you and if he does, I will be here to protect you". Cas didn't answer; instead he snuggled closer to Dean as he slowly sat up. "I have to tell you something" Cas said with a sight and then he told Dean everything. All the horrible things he had to go through in his childhood. all the names he was called, he told him about the mental and physical abuse he endured in his past. It took him a lot of time to go through all of these memories. To dug them back up after having locked them away for so long. It felt good finally getting all this weight off his chest. Dean didn't interrupt him. He just sat there and listened, occasionally stroking his hair or letting Cas clutch his hand, when he cried or when he started shaking from the memories. When he finished, he was crying, tears running down his face and body shaking heavily.
“Lucifer” Cas could hear his mother say trying to calm her son down but Lucifer wasn’t paying any attention to her.
fill the room. He closed his eyes and imagined how he life would have been without Dean. He couldn't. Even though he tried, he couldn't. A knock on the door pulled him out of his thoughts and he opened his eyes. dean entered the room closely followed by another man. Dean sat next to Cas, a plate with scrambled eggs and bacon in his hand. The other man took a chair and sat opposite to Cas. "So I thought you must be hungry. This is Sam by the way, my younger brother" Dean said happily. "Hey I'm Sam. I've heard a lot a bout you Castiel. I hope you're doing fine. Dean told me what happened and I am really sorry." Sam said, a kind of concerned look on his face. "Thanks Sam". After the usual small-talk, Cas and Sam got into a conversation about poetry and Dean looked clearly annoyed.
“Okay guys calm down,” Dean said before Charlie could say something else, “first of all, this Roman is a jerk He clearly doesn’t respect anything that’s not
that I have chosen you,
After seeing something Cas could't process, he went home with some alcohol...
“Sammy had just turned six months old and she had gone upstairs to look for Sam when the explosion happened. It wasn’t a big one but it was enough to set the room on fire.
“Are you sure about this?” he asked. Castiel thought about it for a moment.
"Of course," he said and after that they sat together, talking about what they would do from now on. When they left Gabriel's house it was almost 8pm. He hugged Cas and even Dean, whispering something in his ear, Cas couldn't understand. They walked to the Impala and entered the car but Dean didn't start the engine right away. Instead, he turned towards Cas like he had done when they had arrived.
“Dean I am so sorry,” Cas said but Dean cut him off again.
When it was time for dessert, Dean put a pie on the table, which Cas had to admit looked really delicious. Dean had gotten pretty quiet and when Cas looked at him he was staring at his hands, fumbling with his napkin.
"Wow look at you, all dressed up". Cas smiled and kissed him on the cheek.
That night, both curled up around each other, gazing into each other’s eyes, Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas’ temple.
Hello guys,
“We have to get ready, Anna and Crowley are coming over later and it’s already like 12:20 pm.” Cas groaned, burying himself deeper into the soft covers, trying to fall back asleep.
"You look good in my clothes". Cas blushed slightly and turned away. "You know you look so cute when you're embarrassed" he added and Cas blushed even harder. He turned around and then kissed Dean but pulled away, teasingly. Cas was about to turn around, when the taller man grabbed his wrist and turned him around, pressing his lips against Castiel's. His hands started tugging at Dean's hair, while Dean's hand was slowly wandering down Castiel's waist.
“I remembered how you were always talking about it when you were at home and I thought that you probably wouldn’t have done it until now anyway,” Cas said with a smirk on his face.
“Gabe I’d like to ask you something,” Cas began.
“Yeah I guess. They wanted to have
Castiel shot up, sitting straight in his bed, bright light and pain, all forgotten. His breath was fast and heavy, tears in his eyes. "Dean" he croaked. Dean entered the room, fear in his eyes. "Hey you're up. Everything all right" he asked. Cas didn't answer, he just shook his head. Dean came closer and sat next to him, laying his legs onto the bed. Only then did Castiel realize, he wasn't wearing a shirt, or pants. He curled up into the blanket even more, as if  the cold had only just now reached him. "Yea sorry about that but I had to take care of your wound. I'll get you some clean clothes if you want" dean said, obviously embarrassed. He wanted to stand up but Dean caught his wrist. Dean looked at him and then sat back down. "Fine I'll stay but don't whine about being cold then. I can see that you're freezing and..." Dean was cut off by soft lips pressed against his own. The kiss was soft and careful, Dean obviously concerned about hurting Castiel. When they pulled away, Cas laid his head on Dean's chest and just listened to his heartbeat. He fell asleep again, smiling as he thought how lucky he must be, to have Dean next to him.
After that, it became something almost normal. The cuts on his arms were increasing and it became harder for him to hide them.
“Seems like we’ve got company,” Dean grumbled, raising his handgun a bit higher. It was quiet, the only sound in the room their breathing. Cas squinted, trying to listen if anybody was sneaking up on them but before long, two ghosts appeared, one on each side of them, ready to attack. Cas heard Dean try and shoot one while Cas attacked the other, both dissolving into dust and disappearing.
Cas repeated the word in his head. Cas was Dean's boyfriend. He stood there for a few seconds before sighting and moving towards the booth. They took four pictures. The first three were just them messing around and on the last one (they both knew how cliché it was) kissed. They exited the booth giggling and waited for the pictures to be printed. Dean took them and they both looked at them. Dean put the pictures in his pocket and walked towards the exit.
Sam left a little later, leaving Dean and Cas alone in the room. They ate in silence, both too hungry to say something. "What do you think is going to happenen now" Cas said suddenly. "I don't know but you should have let me beat the shit out of him when I had the chance to" Dean said, a slight anger in his voice. "No Dean I couldn't let you do that. What if you got hurt. What if you got stabbed or even worse, killed". Castiel's stomach tightened even thinking about it. "Yea well, now you are hurt and that's even worse" Dean said the anger in his voice rising. "Dean it's fine and even if I had died, nobody would care..." Cas got cut off by Dean's harsh tone. "What the hell are you talking about. Of course people care. I care". "Maybe I deserve it..." Cas trailed off. Dean was now standing, walking up and down the room, anger masking his features. "Goddamn it Cas. But you know what, I get it now. You don't want to be saved.  And back there when you stopped me from attacking your brother, you didn't do it so that I wouldn’t get hurt. You did it so that
They eat ice cream.
Walking inside the Winchesters house, Sam would sleep at Kevin’s house, the warmth of the house wrapping around Castiel. Without saying something Dean lead him to his bedroom, taking his hand and intertwining their fingers. When Dean closed the door of the room and turned back around to Castiel, he laughed.
PS: This chapter is super long and I hope you enjoy it.
“Cas. Want that…” He whined.
“Where the hell is my baby? And Sam and Gabriel? I sure hope he didn’t kidnap my brother!” Dean was livid, hands clenched into fists. Cas raised a brow at him.
Ps: After not posting for so long I though I would post two chapters this week
Hey, sorry guys that it took me so long to upload a new chapter but I had a lot of stuff to do for school and so I had no time to write.
“What?” Cas asked suspiciously.
“You are a tease, you know that?” He grumbled as he followed Dean with a pout.
Ps: this story has some sexy time in it just FYI.
“We should celebrate,” Dorothy told them and before they knew it, each of them had downed at least three beers. Their friends left a few hours later, Jo thanking Dean again for his offer. Closing the door, Cas leaned against it, exhausted. Dean walked up to him one arm next to Castiel’s head as he looked down at him, a smirk on his lips.
She started screaming and when I arrived at Sammy’s room it was already too late. My father handed me Sam and then he told me to run and I did. My father was able to get out but she didn’t. She wasn’t able to…” he stopped and tears were running down his face. Castiel cupped his cheek with his hand, letting Dean lean into the touch.
When Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was still next to him, an arm slung around his waist and he had to smile by the thought that Dean hadn’t left him. He stood up slowly, not wanting to wake up his boyfriend and went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. When he got out of the shower he put on a pair of sweatpants and a long-sleeved shirt and went to make breakfast. Dean came into the kitchen a few minutes later, his hair messy, rubbing his eyes tiredly.
“Well it was pretty great. Dinner was delicious and the presents were lovely as well, even though something really embarrassing happened,” Castiel told them, a shy smile on his lips. Crowley leaned forward in his seat, suddenly interested in what Cas had said.
“Dean please don’t do this. I want to talk to you, please” he pleaded but nothing happened at first. After a few minutes of anticipating silence, the lock clicked and the door opened, a frustrated and sad expression masking his features. He walked past Cas and into his bedroom, sitting down on the edge of Castiel’s old bed. The blue-eyed boy sat down next to him but didn't say anything and instead waited for Dean to start talking.
“And we remembered that Dean had told us about it a few weeks back and decided to come since you are practically family now,” Bobby said and Cas looked at all of them with a thankful look. He was so glad to have met so many great people in his life that actually cared about him.
“What? I love pie and I would kill demons…” Dean said innocently as Cas started laughing, tears filling his eyes. Dean playfully punched Cas in the arm.
„You won't" Anna assured him. „You haven't stopped talking to me about him since you first saw him on your first day tour" Anna replied and stretched out her legs and placed them on her coffee table.
he thought as he exited the bathroom to see Sam still grinning like an idiot. After the Gabe incident, he hadn’t come back until a few hours later, holding hands with the archangel. Sam told him later that they had talked and were now together. Dean was happy for his brother, even if a small part of him was jealous that Sam had what he so desperately wanted with Cas…
“I love you” Cas whispered against Dean’s lips.
Dean thought about that for a moment before he said, a sad smile tugging at the corners of his lips. “I dunno. I think I started exactly when the clock struck midnigh and have been drinkin the whole time until I came ere.”. Dean leaned against Castiel’s shoulder for a few moments steadying himself.
Hello guys,
“If we lose then, nothing will change. The police will stop investigating and they will be free to go, leaving us without having achieved anything and with a lot to pay” he said sadly. Cas dropped his gaze looking at his hands. Dean reached his out and intertwined their fingers.
“That is not true. And even if it was, I am not in the mood to discuss this.” Cas said defeated, not really up to talking about this again. Dean just didn’t see him that way and even though it hurt, he couldn’t do anything about it. Gabe chuckled and Cas glared at him.
artwork by unknown
"No, I am not leaving Sammy alone here with you. Not after what you did last week to him", Dean was almost yelling now and was getting closer to John. The other man didn't back away though and they were soon standing only inches away.
He gave up after half an hour deciding to take a quick shower and then drive to college.
“Well do you really think that I would miss you, kicking your brothers ass?” Anna asked, glancing over at Lucifer briefly.
“Thanks, Charlie.” Sam sighed. Cas pushed his chair back and stood.
After that, he had no idea what happened. Everything went by in a blur. The trial ended and they had won. They would go to trial and even though he tried to be happy, it was hard not to think about what evidence they had to show.
“Cas you okay?” he asked and Castiel just nodded. The truth was that he was okay; he was just really nervous about today, especially about his gift for Dean. They had said no gifts but he had still gotten him one. He didn’t want Dean to feel bad if he hadn’t gotten Cas anything because he knew that Dean would beat himself up for not having thought of something and Cas really didn’t want that.
When he woke up in the morning, Dean was still there. He was leaning against the wall, with Castiel lying on his lap. He didn't move. He just stayed there taking in this moment. He closed his eyes and when he woke up again, Dean was looking at him with those beautiful, green eyes. "rise and shine Cas" he said smiling. Cas sat up. His head was pounding and his mouth was dry. Dean stood up and helped him get up as well. They walked into the kitchen, without saying anything. Cas made coffee and took something for his headache. Dean watched him, leaning against the kitchen counter. After another five minutes of silence, Castiel couldn't take it anymore. "Look, Dean, I am sorry for what I said and did yesterday. I overreacted and got mad at you even though you did nothing wrong. I am really sorry." "Cas you don't have to apologise. I left you alone and then my drunken friend stared talking to me. She asked me if I could help her make her crush jealous and sine I know her really well I helped her. I should have said something. I am sorry. When I saw you leave with the alcohol in your hand, I knew I fucked up and I went after you but you were already gone. I asked Anna to give me your address and then I came here." Dean said, pain and regret in his eyes. Castiel came around the counter and was now standing in front of Dean. "Can I ask you something?" Cas asked. "Of course" Dean said. "What am I to you Dean because if it's just a fling I would want to know it?" Dean’s eyes filled with shock and something else, Castiel couldn't make out. "Cas you are special to me. I have never felt something so strong for someone I just met. I can't stop thinking about you. I need you Cas but I want to take things slow. Get to know you better. I don't want to rush it." Castiel was just staring at him. He couldn't believe what Dean just said. He never thought anyone would ever say something like this to him. Ever. A smile spread across his face. „Yea I would like that. I would want to get to know you too. We could do stuff like going to the movies or for a coffee. Just basic stuff." he said with a soft voice. Dean nodded.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas frowned at that but packed away his stuff and made his way to the office. Behind him, he could hear Alastair say.
In this chapter, the two boys are finally able to relax after the trial...
They went to the Old Town. They drove with two cars, Dean driving the Impala, Cas sitting shotgun, and Michael in the back. He hated his brother for sitting there, even if he was only ten; they still had to act normal, just in case. Going on a trip with his family was better than expected. Mostly because he was walking with Dean and showing him all the beautiful houses and everything. They ate dinner at a restaurant, with view on the fountain. Back at the house, each of his family members returned to their tasks, which left the two boys alone in the living room. They curled up on the coutch and opened Netflix. Dean had never watched
When he was lying in bed that night he thought about the last two days; He remembered how Dean had looked when he saw Castiel’s scars. There had been no disgust or anger, or even shame. The only thing Cas could see was love and admiration. You are beautiful that was what he had told him. You are beautiful to me. Cas could still not believe how lucky he was to have such an amazing boyfriend.
“Did I interrupt something? You look out of breath,” Jo asked concerned. Castiel could feel a hot blush creep up his face as he averted his gaze. Dean must have done the same because he heard the blond chuckle.
“Hey, I’m Castiel,” the blue-eyed boy said stretching out his hand for each of them to shake. Cas was instead pulled into a hug by the redhead, Charlie.
When Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was still sleeping peacefully next to him. He looked at the clock on the nightstand; it was almost 10 AM. Cas shifted slightly snuggling closer towards Dean. Cas would have never thought that he could finally be happy. Be allowed to be in
“You first,” Cas said, gesturing to the presents in Dean’s lap. He took the first one and slowly opened it, careful to not damage the content.
“No I never abused him in any way and I don’t know where this accusation comes from,” he lied. Gabe stepped closer.
“That was awesome,” he said, looking at Cas.
The alarm went off at 6:30am. Dean grunted next to him, searching with his hand for his phone, not really looking. He turned it off and then looked at Cas.
“I guess not…” Dean thought that Cas looked adorable all flustered and shy. He leaned forward and placed a finger under Cas’ chin, lifting it before he kissed him chastely.
The next hours passed slowly. Castiel couldn't stop thinking about the text message. Even while he was eating with Anna, they had ordered take out, he was still thinking about that guy. He said goodbye to Anna and drove back to his apartment. When he was home he popped in one of his favorite CD's and laid one his bed. He didn't even realize that he had fallen asleep, until he woke up from the sound of a message. He thought it was probably Anna, so he didn't look at it right away and instead went to get a glass of water.
I hope you'll enjoy this chapter.
They knocked once and a few seconds later Gabriel opened the door. He had changed so much since Cas had last seen him. His hair was longer than before and he had a light beard. He only hesitated for a moment before pulling Cas into a tight embrace. Gabe pulled away to look at Cas. Castiel was wearing black, ripped jeans and a black hoodie with the Led Zeppelin logo on it. He also wore the trench coat he had bought a few months back. "Didn't know you listened to Led Zeppelin" was the first thing his brother said to Cas.
“Dean, I am sure there is an explanation for-” But Dean didn’t let him finish speaking. ‘
Castiel’s heartbeat increased a little and his hands started shaking slightly. Despite his fear he stood up together with the other two men and walked slowly to the doors. Dean reached out and intertwined their fingers, squeezing his hand tightly before entering.
“I know… it’s just I still hate them and I am afraid what Gabe will think and what if after today he sees me differently and…” Cas rambled, his voice fast and shaky. Dean laid a finger on his lips, shushing him. Dean’s green eyes had darkened, probably from the concern but Cas couldn’t be sure.
I'm sorry I haven't posted in three weeks but life has been very stressful. I will get back to posting once a week from now on or at least try to.
Cas watched Dean walk to the bar and groaned a bit when he saw him talk to another man. No, not talk, flirt. But… but Dean was straight, wasn’t he? If he wasn’t then why wasn’t he flirting with him? Maybe he just wasn’t into Cas but then what about what Gabe said about Dean being into him? Cas groaned deeper and ordered another seven shots. He could see the others look at him amused but he ignored them. He needed to be at least a bit tipsy for what he wanted to do. So, once the shots were there, he downed them one after the other before he stood.
“Well, he just told me to be there for you because it’s going to be hard for you.” Castiel’s smile widened a little when he saw Dean blushing slightly.
Castiel has an argument with his father,
“I could ask you the same…?”
“Gabriel is really awesome. I mean, agreeing to help us with this as well, I am really impressed,” Dean stated.
“Gabe, please?” he pleaded. Gabe must have sensed how bad Cas was feeling because he said.
“Cas what has gotten into you?” he asked slightly out of breath. Cas didn’t respond and just kissed him again. Dean had to pull away again, his hands on Castiel’s shoulders.
“That’s great. Where is this person?” Dean interrupted. Cas shot him a glare.
“What?” he asked looking over at Dean. The other boy was wearing a black suit as well with a black and white striped tie.
sure about this?” he asked again, still unsure. Castiel scooted back a little, his back against the headboard.
“You like it?” Dean asked shyly.
“I think we should go to bed,” Cas told him, knowing that the next hours would be exhausting for both of them and they needed to sleep at least a little.
“I am suing my family, what do you think?” he snapped back before turning to the window. Silence filled the small room of the car.
His exam went better than Cas would have thought and a few hours later, he was sitting in a restaurant with Sam, Dean and Gabriel, toasting the win of Dean’s case. He took a long sip from his drink, gazing at Dean who was sitting next to him. He could tell that he was glad he didn’t need to worry about their father again and Sam looked happy as well. Even though Cas had doubted that John would have taken legal actions, he was still feeling better now, knowing that he couldn't anymore.
“Your honor, as you can see in the file that is presented in front of you, my client is charging for assault, mental and physical abuse as well as domestic violence against his parents Mr. and Mrs. Novak, along with his brother Mr. Novak,” Gabe stated firmly, a serious expression on his face. Cas looked to where his family was sitting next to him, and how their lawyer made ready to speak.
They sat down at the kitchen table. While Dean dug into his meal, Cas only took a few bites before just looking at it, lost in thoughts.
“Your wedding rings are special; they enhance who you are. They mark the beginning of your long journey together. Your wedding ring is a circle, a symbol of love never ending. It is the seal of the vows you have just taken to love each other without end.
“C’mon Dean, faster,” Cas commanded, gripping Dean’s hips tighter, as he tried to make him move faster. The other boy picked up his speed, and soon they were panting, exchanging wet kisses as they swallowed each others moans. Castiel could feel his orgasm sneak up on him and he told Dean to go even faster. Dean thrusted faster, harder, hitting that sweet spot every time.
“Yea we are,” Dean said looking at Balthazar.
“Dean?” he asked. The boy next to him groaned but answered with a muffled yes.
"But both of their throats are cut...maybe two ghosts?" Cas suggested.
“Ready.” He answered and then Dean turned on the engine and they were on their way back home.
He wanted to do a good job on that exam and so he buried his face in books and notes. he had been studying for a few hours, notebooks and flashcards spread across his floor and bed, together with open textbooks and loose sheets of paper. His eyes were hurting and he could barely concentrate anymore but he tried to ignore those factors. He needed this grade and he wasn't going to fail this test or this class. A knock on the door pulled his attention away from the textbook he was reading and towards the door. "Come in," he said. He hadn't locked his door. Dean entered his apartment and walked towards him, leaving his jacket in the hallway. "Hey what are you doing?" he asked and sat down next to him. "Well my professor told us today that tomorrow we are going to write an exam that will make up 20% of our final grade,” Cas said not even looking up from his textbook. "Jerk" was Dean's only response. "I thought that we could watch a movie or something but looks like you have other plans".
“Two single beds, wasn't it?” she asked expectantly.
“What?” Cas asked, poking his head out of the door, a towel around his waist. He swore Dean’s expression went from angry to lustful and aroused for just a split second, eyes roaming over Cas’ body before they were filled with anger again.
“Hello, Dean.”
At the parking lot Castiel complemented Dean’s car. Dean felt himself blushing a little so he didn't look at the man across from his right after the complement. When he did, blue eyes looked at him. Dean was a little taller so he had to look down a little. They stared at each other, again, but then Dean broke off and went into his impala, after saying goodbye. Once in his car he drove off the parking lot and was on his way back to his apartment. His face was burning red and he had to open the window, in order to calm himself down.
“No, it’s fine. It’s just that I never thought you were the bad type,” Dean said.
“Yea?” he responded, still focused on the road, but Cas didn’t respond anymore and when Dean looked at him, Cas was fast asleep, a smile gracing his lips.
Winchester_destiel
“Then why did you never flirt with me?” He asked, eyes a mixture of hurt and anger. Dean was taken aback, gaping at Cas.
Hey guys,
Link to the fic:
, Cas thought and his predicaments came true with the next thing his brother said.
, taking a lot of pictures to remember these events and to show to their friends and family. They decided to have dinner in a small restaurant near their hotel. The food was delicious and they both spent a lot of time just talking and having a good time in general.
Cas was now alone again, lost in his own thoughts. The night of the accident played back and forth in his head, and even though he tried to turn the memories of, he couldn't. he fell asleep, the music from his headphones the only sound he heard. When he woke up again, his guitar was resting next to his bed and a plate with food had been placed onto the bedside table. He pulled his headphones out before sitting up, careful to not open the wound. He ate in silence before grabbing his guitar and tuning it. He played some cords, his fingers sliding over the sides. He started playing, the music filling the room.
"It's not your fault and I don't want you to blame yourself". Dean cleared his throat.
“Dean I… oh sorry guys,” Sam said as he opened the door and then quickly left the room, after realizing that he was interrupting them. Dean almost jumped off of Cas, shocked, a hot blush creeping up his already heated face. Castiel froze, his eyes slightly widened with shock and a lot of embarrassment.
, we arranged for the house to be
"It's mine," Dean said next to him and this was the first time Gabriel really looked at Dean, questioningly.
“Come on don’t pout. I am already late because you are just irresistible.” Castiel smiled at that, a smirk on his lips.
“I won’t tell you, Cas.” He answered, turning the music up a bit. Cas frowned and turned towards the window. His silence lasted for approximately ten minutes before he turned the music down again.
“I may have accidentally stolen a sign they had there. And I can tell you, the manager was not happy about that,” Dean finished, “it’s right over there,” he said, looking at the wall across from them. Cas followed his gaze and stopped at a sign he had never noticed before.
“I love you too” Dean whispered back, making Cas smile. Cas had a fucked up past but when he was together with Dean, he could forget all of the bad things that had happened to him and just be himself and he knew that he was not planning on ever leaving Dean.
In Castile’s room, they put everything he needed into a duffle bag. As they walked down the stairs to leave, Castile’s heart was pounding. He wanted to get out of there as fast as possible and without seeing his brother again, but that wouldn't work. They were both putting on their jackets, when Lucifer made his way up to them. "Where are you two going" he asked and Castiel's heart started racing even faster. "None of your business" Dean snapped. "It is my business where by brother is going" he said. "I am not allowing you to leave Castiel". Dean let out a sarcastic laugh. "Yea is that so. Why so you can continue to abuse him and if you haven't been paying attention, your father threw him out." Lucifer took another step forward and Cas backed up closer to the door. He didn't want another fight. He just wanted to get out of there and never come back. "Dean..." he whispered but Dean didn't hear him. "Dean, please stop" he said but again, nobody heard him. Dean's hands were clenched into fists by now. "You don't get to tell me what I can and can't do with my brother" Lucifer spit back. "It looks like I can" Dean said. They started moving closer and before he could do anything, a fist collided with skin. Lucifer had attacked Dean.
. They stared at each other for a while until Dean couldn't take it anymore. „So Castiel, what would you say we go grab a coffee". Castiel agreed and so they found themselves entering a coffee shop not far from the supermarket. Castiel ordered a cappuccino and Dean a black coffee.
“I was only waiting for you,” his voice filled with sass.
“What if I drive?” he suggested.
The next days they were constantly texting and Cas was really happy. His classes were going fine and he would have his essays for the next week done before the weekend. They would meet again on Saturday, since both of them were invited to a
“Thanks, Dean.” They ordered quickly, both of them taking a steak, baked potato and a bottle of wine to share.
“How are you?” he asked and Cas told him that he was fine.
“My last question is, why didn’t you do anything?” Gabe asked.
“You?”
“Thank you,” Dean said before walking to the elevator.
Once inside, Dean pushed him against the nearest wall and started kissing him again, Cas melting against Dean and moaning softly. Dean licked into his mouth, letting his tongue dance with Cas’. When he eventually pulled back, he was panting, a stupid grin on his face.
The rest of the morning they spend together, talking and watching movies. Castiel was happy and grateful that Dean didn't bring up his breakdown or the violin again, although he knew he had to talk to him about it eventually. After Dean left, he cleaned his apartment and put the broken violin in a box so that he could bring it to a store to fix it. He called Anna, after missing eleven of her calls. Apparently she had met a guy who turned out to be exactly what she was looking for. His name was Crowley and she really liked him. he told her what had happened between him and Dean. She said that she is very happy that Castiel's life is going so well. The rest of the day, he spent texting with Dean and making plans for his free week in October, where he would visit his family, even though he dreaded seeing the one person again, who made his childhood be like hell. His older brother Lucifer.
abandon this fic, I am planning to continue after the summer, if things are better.
“Castiel, I when I first saw you, I knew that you were special. I couldn’t explain why but I felt like I needed to meet you, so I took all my courage and gave you that coffee. I am so lucky and happy that you didn’t turn me down and I got to know the beautiful person you are.
His new job, which was close to his apartment, was great. He was a fast learner and his boss, Garth, was a really nice guy even though sometimes he looked a little lost and unorganized. At his first few days Castiel had earned a lot of tips and Castiel was definitely amazed by it. His friends came over a lot, ordering food or drinks as they laughed and had a great time. Cas also found out that they liked ordering him around, even Dean. He wasn’t mad at them though, just a little annoyed after Balthazar had called him to their table for the third time so that Cas could refill his cup.
“Yes, we believe it’s two ghosts but they should be tied to an object since the emf didn’t go crazy. Did the sheriff see anything or heard something?” Dean asked as they got back into the car.
“Oh shut up,” Dean said as he opened the door and led Cas outside. The cool summer air hit the blue-eyed boys face as he tried not to stumble over his own feet.
"What if we ask him if he can represent us" Dean suggested and Cas turned his head so that he could face Dean, a slight glimmer of hope in his eyes.
“So I have some good news. The last weeks, almost directly after the trial, I started getting the custody for our brothers in motion. So today I got a phone call saying that we did it and they can start living with me,” he said happily. Castiel’s eyes widened from excitement and a grin spread across his face.
and he
Cas was truly happy and he could finally start letting go of his old demons and fears; of course the memories still lingered in the back of his mind but they didn’t affect him as much anymore. He still woke up, screaming and shaking sometimes, but Dean was always there, helping him calm down, making Castiel feel safe. Soon summer would come and they had decided to drive to the beach, just the two of them for a few days, relaxing and enjoying their time together, before they had to work again.
“I would love nothing more.” He said and pulled his phone out but Dean stopped him.
“I’ve gotta go now, I hope you’ll have a great time," Benny said before leaving the two boys alone again.
“Cas are you…?” Dean asked unable to form complete sentences.
Castiel was sitting in his car trying to calm his nerves. It was his first day at this new school and even though he has never been nervous before, especially when going to a new school, he was today. This school was a really expensive one and his brother had to work a lot to be able to afford for him to go and that’s why he didn’t want to fuck it up.
They entered the house, Sam was already asleep, and they went straight to Dean’s bedroom, leaving their jackets on the coat rack. The moment the door closed behind him, Cas was pressed against the door, and for a moment anxiety rushed through him because of similarity to the night Dean was drunk came to his mind. Those thoughts were pushed away when Dean’s lips captured his, pulling him into a passionate kiss. Soon Dean’s hands around his wrists loosened and wandered down his sides. Castiel’s own hands wandered to Dean’s suit-jacket, taking it off and throwing it on the ground.
“Gabriel, can you stop flirting and actually do what you’re supposed to?” Cas grumbled. He saw Gabe smile sheepishly before he smirked.
Their friends left a little before midnight. Dean would stay at Castiel’s apartment again and Sam would sleep at Kevin’s. Cowley had offered to drive them back and so they left Castiel’s house, hugging Dean a little longer than necessary.
Cas was cleaning the kitchen; his bruised hand was still hurting, when he heard loud voices from upstairs. His first instinct was to freeze and get as far away from the stairs as he could. He realized that only Dean was talking, no one else, and he quickly went to his room. Dean was standing with his back to the door, hand clenched into a fist. "Listen to me Sammy, you won't call the police. If he does something again, you'll call me. If he huts you again, he will regret it. From now on you take your Christmas gift with you." Dean said to the person on the phone. Cas couldn't make out what the other person, probably Sam, said.  "Yes everywhere. You understood". Another answer Cas didn't understand. "Okay have to go now. Be careful kid. I'll be back in a week. Take care of you Sammy." Dean hung up and dropped onto Castiel's bed. Cas came up to him and sat next to him. "What happened" Castiel asked. Dean looked at him and Cas could see the anger and fear in Dean's eyes. "Some jerk attacked my brother." "Is he okay". "Yes he is but that son of a bitch won't be if he hurts him again" Dean said through gritted teeth. "Everything will be fine. Trust me." Cas said and gave him a soft kiss.
"About what?" Gabe asked and Cas briefly looked at Dean before saying
Cas was so annoyed right now, that he went outside and behind the school building, taking a cigaret out of his pocket and lighting it up. He inhaled, the smoke, filling his lungs. He closed his eyes exhaling slowly. He already hated this school. Though this one was the only school that could get him into the college he wanted to get in, and the only one with an art program included...he told himself that it was only for a bit more than a year and then he would get out of there. He still couldn’t believe how they took so much of their individuality from the students. He took another few pulls before throwing it to the ground and stomping it out with his heel.
“Ghost decided to throw a phonebook at you.” The hunter explained with a grin before he sat up and helped Cas up as well.
Dean drove Castiel home, giving him a quick kiss, when Sam wasn’t looking before driving away, Castiel hearing the loud engine as the car quickly disappeared into the night.
He opened the black box and his eyes started to sparkle a little. He took the green tie out of its case, letting the smooth fabric run through his hands.
but I never said you should stop" Cas said sheepishly and a grin formed on Dean's lips. He laid his body over Castiel's again and continued kissing him. They didn't sleep much that night.
“Cas?” a voice asked and pulled him out of his deep thoughts. Dean was looking at him concerned. Only then did he notice that the others had left them and were standing further away, probably to give them some space.
. He could look over the whole skyline of the city. Dean walked up to him, slinging his arms around Castiel’s waist and resting his head on Castiel’s shoulder.
“Guys, awesome that you could make it. Let me introduce you to everybody,” she said and it was obvious that she wasn’t sober anymore. They approached two girls who were talking to each other, red cup in hand.
He was taken back to reality when Anna grabbed his phone out of his hands and started typing something. „what are you doing?" Cas asked. „I am writing your hot campus guy" she replied. Castiel tried to get his phone back but she had pushed sent before he could get it. He heard the sound of the message being sent and fell back into the pillows. „what did you do? Now he is going to think that I am pathetic for falling for his trick" he said wanting to die out of shame. „Relax Cassie" she said „I just wrote hey. I don't think it’s that bad. „Anna said with a grin on her lips.
“Excuse me.” He said and then went towards the bar. He just heard Gabe snap his fingers and whisper “this will be fun” before he focused on Dean. He walked up to them with a smile.
“What, what makes you think that we…?” he asked his face reddening as he averted his gaze.
He pulled out of his thoughts by a hand on his shoulder. "Hey you ready" Dean asked and Cas nodded. They said their goodbyes with Bobby and Ellen and then took off for the Winchesters house. Cas was sitting shotgun and Sam in the back. They didn't talk much. The music was blasting from the radio and Dean was singing , if you could call it that, to almost every song. Cas was looking out of the window and just enjoyed the ride. He realized that he felt save with the Winchesters and he hadn't felt save in a long time. Even at university he was always afraid what people would think or do. He closed his eyes and jut let the music fill his mind.
but his phone vibrated, which distracted him from his thought. It was Dean. He excused himself and went to the living room to talk to Dean. "Hey babe, how are things going?" Dean asked with a happy voice. He clearly wanted to say something but he probably decided to start with small talk. "Hey I'm fine I guess. My mother just asked me when I will find the right girl but other than that, it's fine. My brother is not home so that’s good." "So..." Dean began "I was wondering what you would think if I come visit you tomorrow already. My parents aren't home and Sammy will stay at a friend’s house till they come back, so I thought I could come and visit you earlier. So what do you think?" Dean was very excited and Cas was happy to. He wouldn't have to stay through that one week alone. At least for most of it. " I would love that. I don't think my parents are gonna have a problem with that." Cas said with a smile on his lips. " Awesome, I’ll be there tomorrow around 5pm." Dean said and Castiel could feel Deans grin on the other end of the line. They said goodbye and Cas returned to his mother. The smile was still on his lips but vanished when he looked at his mother. "What is going on" He asked. "Since when are you wearing sweatshirts with bands on it and since when are you listening to AC/DC?" she asked and Castiel could hear the slight anger in her voice. He pushed down his own anger as best as he could because he didn't want to ruin their first day. After he took some deep breaths he just said that it belonged to a friend of his and went to his room.
“No,” Cas said embarrassed about his irrational thoughts, a blush creeping up his face.
“Cas you two have been staring at each other with so much happiness. Also you know that you didn’t hide those hickeys well,” Gabe told him teasingly, clearly amused at his little brother’s discomfort.
that I am ready…” he said. Dean though about that for a moment.
“Your tie.. it’s…” Dean said before his hands went up to fix Castiel’s tie, which was turned around and slightly crooked to the left. Cas smiled shyly before exiting the room, Dean following him.
“Did you sleep well?” Cas asked as he regarded Dean. The hunter raised an eyebrow at him.
"Yes…?" Cas was unsure about where this conversation would go.
WARNING: This chapter contains homophobic language!
I hope you all had a happy New Year's Eve and celebrated with your loved ones.
“Dean?” Sam asked, waving a hand in front of his face.
"Why are you apologizing?" Dean asked a little unsure.
“Yes,” Dean told him and with that he sped up even more. Cas came with Dean’s name falling of his lips, cum splattered between them.
The next day Cas was studying the whole morning. Dean had gone out to get some groceries for the next few days. The whole time Cas could see how tense Dean was. He didn't know what had happened with his father but it had to be pretty bad for him to be so unease all the time. It was past 9 pm when they heard someone trying to open the door with a key. They were all sitting in the living room, when a man entered the house, clearly drunk. He threw his jacket on the floor and walked towards them. "Hey dad," Dean said, trying to act as normal as possible. "That goddamn sucker played me but he already regretted the day he was born after I was finished with him" the man slurred and walked towards the kitchen. Only now did Cas notice the bruised face and the small cuts. "Did you get into a fight again?" Dean asked straightening his back. "He deserved it and it is none of your business anyway," the man said, his voice rising slightly. "Guys go upstairs please and don't come out no matter what you hear. Lock the doors" Dean's voice was demanding and he slowly stood up, approaching his father. Cas and Sam stood up and went upstairs. Cas did as he was told and locked the door. He could hear raised voices and then something breaking. Another loud thump and then silence. The whole time his heart was racing and he was anxious about what was going on.
“Hey, we won’t lose,” he said softly but Cas was not looking at him.
“Because I love you” he admitted reassuringly, pressing a soft kiss to Dean’s neck. The other man didn’t say anything else. He pressed a kiss onto Castiel’s messy hair and soon they were both asleep, holding each other in their arms.
“So what else were you two talking about?” he asked a little sheepishly.
“Dean, STOP!” Cas placed his hands on Dean’s chest and pushed himself away from him. Fear and worry were starting to occupy his mind. Dean looked at him with a shocked expression, quickly understanding that he went too far.
Cas was about to say something when the doors of the courtroom opened and they were asked to enter.
art by Chrome Hearts
“You really think that? Sam, can you see who took over the bar after the initial owners died?”
Cas was driving home, excitement flooding his system. He couldn’t believe what just happened. He was still trying to sort things out and it was anything but easy, to be honest. He not only helped Dean’s brother, but Dean now wanted to go for dinner with him, though probably only as friends. Cas was very confused because these things never happened to him but he wouldn’t deny them. If life for once decided that he could have something nice, then he wouldn’t question it.
“Hey,” Cas greeted, walking up to her and giving her a hug. The three adults sat down on the couch, Dean and Cas leaving a bit of space between them.
“It’s really beautiful here.” Cas looked up from his drink, eyes focusing on Dean.
“Come here,” Dean said, taking Castiel's hand and leading him to the couch, “what is going on? You have been like this for weeks.” Cas looked at him confused, tilting his head.
“Nothing,” Cas lied but Dean knew he wasn’t telling the truth.
“Yes, I thought you deserved it” Dean admitted blushing. Cas wanted to say something but the waitress came and gave each of them a menu.
“I love you too, Castiel Novak.”
“Nope.” He simply answered and kissed along his jaw and down his neck. Cas let out a soft gasp and leaned his head back to give Dean more access. Dean smirked against his neck, knowing how sensitive it was. Dean smirked and bit it softly before licking over the sting to soothe it.
party. Castiel was very excited about the party. It would be his first "date" with Dean in public. Saturday rolled by very slowly and Castiel read a whole book, 300 pages or so, till the afternoon. Anna came by his place to help him with his outfit and then they would go together because he could bring a plus one.
“Fine,” Cas said before leaning forward and pressing his lips against Dean’s again. The green-eyed boys hands wandered to Castiel’s jacket throwing it to the ground. Cas did the same and soon they were only in their button up shirts. Suddenly Dean turned them around and now Cas was pressed against the door, a gasp escaping his lips. He grabbed the collar of Dean’s shirt drawing him closer. Dean’s leg found it’s way between Castiel’s, making Cas moan at the friction. Dean’s leg stayed there as his hands wandered to the hem of Castiel’s shirt, searching for permission before unbuttoning it slowly. When he had finished he discarded it to the rest of their clothes. His hands roamed now over Castiel’s bare chest, fingers ghosting over his arms. Castiel tried to do the same but Dean grabbed his wrist before he was able to. Cas looked up, a questioning look on his face. Instead of answering Dean lifted Castiel up, the other boys legs slung tighty around Dean’s waist as he walked them to the bed, letting Castiel down gently before climbing on top of him. Dean leaned down, kissing Cas again before pulling away.
“I’m fine. I’ve had worse” Dean tried to stand up but failed. Cas was about to say something when Sam joined them. He didn’t look as bad as his older brother. He only had a few small bruises on his face. Without saying anything he helped Dean stand up who in return helped Cas. They were both unable to stand on their own and had to lean against each other. Each step Cas took was painful but he gritted his teeth and tried to ignore the pain. Sam took their bags and helped them get into the Impala. Dean was about to sit on the driver's seat until Sam held him back.
When Dean laid eyes on Cas, his throat dried up; he was wearing a black button-up with the first three buttons undone, paired with dark blue jeans and a red tie, loosely around his neck. His hair was even messier than usual. All in all, he looked like a wet dream come true. He cleared his throat, ignoring the knowing smirk Gabe shot him.
Dean was lucky and found a parking spot right in front of the doors. Inside it was packed with people doing last minute Christmas shopping and the three boys decided to split up. Sam would get the vegetables and Dean would take care of the things they would need for the pies, yes they would have more than one, while Cas took care of the meat and some other essentials for tonight's dinner.
When the hearing was over he stood up and went to Dean hugging him tightly, burying his face in the other boy's shoulder. They pulled away slightly to be able to look into Dean's eyes. His green eyes were sparkling with joy and something else Cas couldn't identify.
"What?" he asked curiously.
“Looking good Mr. Novak,” he said approaching Cas.
Dean poured some coffee for Cas and then helped the other boy sit next to him on the kitchen counter, putting the food between them.
“Whoa, we?” He asked with a raised brow. She nodded.
He didn’t go straight home though and rather walked around a little, fully aware that he had class tomorrow morning. He sat down at a bench at the park and just looked at the stars and the few bypassers. He thought about tonight and this whole day in general. His thoughts fixated on the green-eyed boy though. Dean must really love him if he is still together with him after what learning about his past and everything that went down in the last weeks. He was so lucky to have Dean even though he couldn’t understand why Dean was still together with him.
“So do you have any plans for today?”
“Lucifer,” Gabe said back, his face serious.
Dean finally meets Castiel's family...
"What is going on? You hardly spoke the whole ride here and you didn't even sing along to any song that came on. I can see that something is bothering you. Please talk to me". Cas said and took Dean's hands into his.
A few minutes later their guests arrived; Bobby, Ellen, and Gabriel with Rafael and Michael. The three boys greeted them happily as they entered the house, putting the food they had brought with them on the table. Castiel helped Dean and Sam bring their dishes to the table as well, and soon they were all sitting around the table, eating the delicious food.
“You’re impossible,” Dean said leaning down and pulling Cas into a kiss his hands combing through Castiel’s hair, the flour leaving white highlights in the messed up hair. They kissed for a few more minutes before Cas went to the bathroom, to take a shower. He let the warm water hit his skin, relaxing his tense muscles. He cleaned himself up and then left the shower, a towel around his waist. Cas stopped in front of the mirror, staring at his reflection.
was playing and Castiel’s eyes started filling with tears but he blinked them away, as Dean approached, a grin on his lips.
He stayed there and tried to calm himself down which did not work, so he crawled into his bed and laid there until he fell asleep. He woke up with dry eyes. He reached for his phone and saw that it was 8:30am and that he had three new messages from Dean.
I hope you like this chapter.
“Oh and Lucifer? The violin you gave me some time ago, well it’s broken just FYI” he said over his shoulder, hearing his brother curse as they left the building.
When Cas woke up the next morning, Dean was still asleep. He shifted slightly and just looked at the man next to him. He was so grateful to have met him. He closed his eyes and when he woke up again, Dean was awake and now he was looking at Cas. "Good morning" Cas said softly. "Morning" Dean said with his husky voice. They got out of bed and went down to the kitchen, where Cas made coffee and breakfast. Since today was Sunday, they couldn't do much and since it was raining, they decided to stay at home, at least till the afternoon. The two boys went to the living room and sat on the couch, turning on the TV. Most of Castiel's family members weren't home, so after some time Cas laid his head on Dean's chest. They watched some
They arrived back almost at 1am, Cas deciding to stay at Dean's place so that they could leave soon the next day for court. They both had classes but obviously, they wouldn't go. They made ready for bed and then they crawled into bed. The room was dark and Cas wasn't facing Dean and was rather turned to the other direction, playing with the sleeve of his shirt. He always wore long sleeved shirts when he was sleeping, no matter which season it was or how warm it was outside. he hated the scars on his arms and he tried to cover them up whenever he could.
“Good morning,” Gabriel said on the other end of the line.
“Heya Dean-o.” Gabe greeted as he placed two bags onto the small table inside the room, mostly cramped with books and newspaper articles.
“I love you too.” He said and kissed him passionately.
he thought and then ducked, reaching for it. When Dean attacked again, he held the bar between both hands, and luckily Dean wrapped his fingers around it to pull it away. That’s when the ghost got pulled out of his body and Dean fell to the ground.
“Hey,” he said quietly.
“No Dean I want to show them to you. Especially before you see them on those pictures in court.” Dean touched the side of Castiel’s face, caressing his cheek with his thumb.
"That is actually a good idea. I could call him tomorrow. I am not sure because that would mean I have to tell him what happened...", Cas stopped to gather his thoughts, "but I guess I have to tell him at some point anyway". A soft smile spread across his lips. Dean leaned down and pressed a light kiss onto Castiel's lips before he broke away and wiped away a tear from the other man's cheek. Cas stood up and only then did he realize that his sleeve was still pulled up. He quickly pulled it down. Even though he knew that Dean had seen his scars, Dean didn't mention it and Cas was grateful for that.
Dean went inside to get a drink and Castiel just sat there, more alcohol in him than he wanted to admit, and looked at the stars. He was so happy with Dean. The last week was one of the best he had lived in a long, long time. After some time he went inside to look for Dean. When he entered the room and spotted him immediately. He walked towards him but froze halfway. Dean was standing at the beer-pong table and had his arm around a girl. He thought that maybe she was just a friend of his but then he saw how low Deans hand was on her back, Castiel felt like he had to throw up. Tears filled his eyes and since Anna was nowhere, he grabbed a bottle of some alcohol and left. He was walking home, drinking and thinking. How could he have been so blind? Of course Dean was only playing him. Why wouldn't he. Dean just wanted to have some fun and then laugh about Castiel with his friend. Why did he even think he could be any different from all the other "
They slipped into the car, Dean holding Cas’ door open again. Behind the steering wheel, Dean pulled the sun visor down and attached one of the pictures to the side of it before flipping it close again. He glanced over and saw Cas smiling at him with so much love and adoration, it was almost too much. Instead of saying something he grinned cockily and kissed Cas’ cheek.
“Oh well, I guess I should let you get back to your shower then.” Only then did Cas remember that he was only wearing a towel around his waist, and he blushed furiously, ducking his head to hide his tinted cheeks and neck.
“Cas?” He asked awed.
“I think I should leave. You seem like you need to talk about things. It was nice meeting you Dean,” he said and then left, leaving a fuming Dean and a pissed Cas behind. Without saying anything he grabbed Cas’ hand and pulled him outside into an ally before he pushed him against the nearest wall, one hand horizontally on his chest, pinning the Angel.
“Oh and Sammy? Use protection,” Dean shouted after him.
The next day, they were sitting in the Impala on their way to the airport. Sam and Jess decided to accompany them. The drive was pleasant, with them joking around and talking about the previous day.
Dean left a little while after, Gabe had already left after talking to Dean, and Cas decided to go and visit Anna, though his plans were canceled when she called and told him that she had to study a lot for an upcoming exam.
“So when are you two leaving for L.A.?” Gabe asked at some point.
When he heard the engine of the impala pulling into their driveway, he practically ran out of the door and into Dean's embrace. "I missed you" Cas mumbled as he took in Dean's scent. Dean's strong arms felt great and safe around him. For just a second he forgot about all his problems but then Dean pulled away. "I missed you too" he said. They chatted a little bit outside and then entered the house. Dean left his back at the hallway and after that they drove to the city. While they were driving, they didn't talk much. Cas was mostly enjoying the moment and Dean, who was singing to AC/DC.
“Dean?” he said carefully. He heard the other boy chuckle, before he finally spoke.
, or rather Dean’s possessed body, who did it.
“Cas you don’t have to apologize for anything. I am the one who wasn’t thinking and I am sorry about that. Do I want to do more with you than a just kiss? Yes, but I want to do it when you feel ready as well because I want you to enjoy it.” Dean took Castiel’s hand into his intertwining their fingers. Instead of saying something he just leaned forward and kissed the green-eyed boy again.
“Hey what if I start first?” he suggested looking into Castiel’s eyes. The other boy just nodded and Dean started taking off his black shirt. When he had taken off his shirt Cas couldn’t help but stare at the beautiful boy in front of him. At his torso, his broad shoulders, his muscular and well-defined abdomen. He reached his hand out and lightly brushed over Dean’s collarbone, down over his chest and his side, until his hands stopped over a line of ink on his ribs.
They kissed until the lack of oxygen made them pull away, both panting and smiling stupidly.
“So where are we going?” Cas asked curiously.
and that I did it just to help myself to not feel bad. Maybe I did but you know what, I have at least told you about my past and about my feelings. You have been a closed book since we met and you say “Castiel’s voice broke as he said those words, tears filling his eyes. He was so angry right now. "Yes that's exactly what I think. I know life sucks, hell my life has been a mess as well but you know what I don't sit it my room whining about every little thing that happened to me". Dean was now totally furious, hands balled into fists next to his body. Cas filled with rage. "I don't believe you. After everything that happened this is what you think of me. That I am some kind of overreacting guy who whines about every little thing. Wow Dean I never thought that you, my boyfriend, would think that way but well, I was wrong. Get out, please". Dean didn't move. "GET OUT!" Cas screamed and Dean stormed out, slamming the door shut. The moment the door closed, Castiel broke out in tears. How could Dean think that about him. He had never thought that Dean would use his past against him, but obviously he was wrong. Dean was just like everybody else in his life, mean and pretentious. He grabbed the thing closest to him and threw it across the room. Only when the object hit the floor and scattered into a million pieces he realised he had grabbed the plate.
He sat down at a table, alone and started eating. He didn’t really register that someone sat across from him until a voice spoke up.
He went back to his room, only to find it empty. He freaked for a second before he heard noises coming out of his bathroom. He walked slowly towards it and knocked on the door.
“Okay, so what now?” Gabriel asked as he shoved another handful of fries into his mouth.
”You anxious?” he asked. Cas turned towards him, locking eyes.
The next day Castiel went to university. He was really tired since he didn't get a good night's sleep yesterday. He mind had been constantly racing about the same thoughts over and over again; The trial in a few days and how it would turn out, overthinking was something he always did even though he hated it. About Dean and their relationship, how far they had come until now. And of course, his nightmares had started again. The classes went by slow and he couldn't really concentrate. He got some assignments back and he was surprised to see how good they were. At lunch, he sat together with Dean. They had a light conversation and Dean told him about how he had a test at the end of the week and that his essays went pretty good too. After lunch, Castiel just wanted to go home. He was so tired but he had one last class, history,  and he couldn't miss that. He was sitting on his seat and had trouble holding his eyes open. The teacher was telling something about one of Shakespeare's poems when the bell rang. He got up like all the other students and just wanted to leave when the teacher said they should wait just a few more seconds. Their professor announced that they would have an exam tomorrow which would make out 20% of their grade. Cas didn't really pay a lot of attention to this and just wanted to go home and sleep a little.
Dean finished his vows, tears running down Castiel’s face freely at this point. Cas wanted to reach out and take his hand, intertwining their fingers but he tried to control himself, wiping away the tears on his cheeks. Dean’s voice had been shaking the whole time and even though he hid it pretty well, Cas knew that he tried not to cry himself.
“Cas?” His train of thought was interrupted by Dean’s voice. The green-eyed boy sat down next to him, looking at his face with worry in his eyes. Cas was still gazing at his hands when Dean’s fingers were placed underneath his chin, making him look at the other boy.
“Are you sure because didn’t you stab your brother in the back only a few weeks ago?” Gabriel asked, fully knowing that even if Lucifer denied it, they had proof.
Another verse, another tear rolling down his cheek.
to make it look okay.” He grumbled, attempting to tame it down again. Dean chuckled and turned Cas around in his arms so that he could kiss him gently.
Castiel was standing outside the room where the ceremony would be held. His heart was racing and he was super nervous. In five minutes he would walk through those door and marry the man he loved. He suddenly felt that his suit was way too tight and hot and that he couldn’t breath.
“Oh my… I KNEW it. I knew destiel would sail eventually.” She said and then hugged both of them tightly. Once she had let go of them, they looked up to see Sam and Gabe smirking at them.
“Could you give us a minute?” Dean requested and the woman just nodded, leaving the room together with Gabriel. Dean approached him, stopping in front of him.
“Oh, I’m not taking my piercings out. I can deal with all the other stuff you said I couldn’t wear but I’m not taking them off. They close within hours and that would mean I’d have to re-pierce them every day and I’m not doing that.” he said sternly. He would take off the other stuff but he wouldn’t take his rings out. The principal thought about this for a moment and then sighed.
“No, I don’t want to go to bed yet. I want to sleep,” he said and Dean had to laugh at the nonsense his boyfriend was saying. Dean walked around him and lifted Castiel’s head and upper body to be able to lay underneath him.
He was sitting on the couch doing some research for an essay he had to do for English Literature when Dean came back. He left his jacket in the hallway and then came around and kissed Castiel on the cheek, before taking his hand and leading him to the bedroom.
Cas woke up to an empty bed. He shot up, shock and worry flooding his body as he tried to blink the stars in front of his eyes away. The alarm clock on his nightstand showed that it was a little after 6 am and it was still dark outside. He stood up and exited the room, not even caring about closing the door.
“I am sorry to crush your bubble Mr. Foster but we do have evidence concerning the matter and if this got to trial we would be more than willing to share this information.”
“Dean?” he asked his voice a little slurred.
Fanart by unknown
“I know that, I mean… how come Gabe got the balls to do it?” Cas frowned and raised a brow.
Castiel had just put his things away and turned to see his brother grinning at him.
“Anyways, needless to say, we had a few scratches and bruises the next day,” he concluded.
“Dean what is going on? You have been behaving weird the whole day,” Cas said, voice soft. Dean didn’t look at him and just continued to look at his hands.
A few minutes of silence later, the door opened and the rest of the gang entered, freezing in the doorway.
“It’s not difficult. Just go up to him and kiss him.” He said.
"Fine but not long..." Cas didn't get to finish his sentence because soft lips were placed on his. Dean walked around the sofa and then sat next to Cas and continued kissing him. The kisses got more heated and Castiel's fingers pulled at Dean's hair. The other man's hands were gliding over Castiel's back and then underneath his shirt. Cas shivered at the touch but didn't say anything, only when Dean's hands started pulling his shirt up.
“No, don’t worry-” Before he could finish the sentence, Dean threw himself at Cas, tackling him to the ground. The next thing he heard was a loud crashing sound. He looked up at Dean confused and slightly shocked.
“Yes I did but...”
“Mr. Novak”, Gabe began, “is it true that you abused, and still are abusing, your son?” He didn’t answer and instead glanced around the room, eyes finding Castiel’s. His heart almost stopped at the ice cold stare he received from his father. He felt sick like he wanted to look away but resisted the urge. He wouldn’t back down, not anymore.
“You good there, Cas?” Dean asked, seeing the angel frown and wanting nothing more than to smooth out that frown with a kiss. Cas seemed startled but composed himself quickly.
Castiel didn't get any more visits that day and to be honest, he didn't want any. He hated being bound to the bed and he wanted to walk again, even though he knew it had only been two days. He tried to sit up and even though pain shot through his body he managed to sit up. He starred at the wall across the room for a few moments before grabbing the book on his nightstand and burying his face in it. He read for hours, soft music playing in the background. He lost himself in the words of his favorite poets and the endless poems. A soft knock on the door pulled him out of his reading and he just said "come in" before laying the book to the side. Sam entered the room and took the seat across from him. The tall boy just sat there, obviously uncomfortable, not talking at first. He sighted before breaking the silence. "Dean told me what happened and I just wanted to see how you were doing" the boy opposite to him said. "That's really kind of you Sam. Yea well, it's not easy but I'll be fine don't worry. We were just very exhausted from the last days and didn't know what to do with our frustration but I am sure we will fix it" Cas said, not looking at the man. "I know Dean can be stubborn sometimes, it kind of runs in the family but don't think he wouldn't take a bullet for you in a heartbeat. He would do anything for the people he loves, and that include you. I know you are more than friends and I am totally okay with that. He seems happy again and he hasn't been that way in a long time..." Sam trailed off and not it was Castiel's turn to look uncomfortable. His eyes turned to the window as he watched the soft rain run down the window, before fixing his gaze at the younger Winchester again.
________________________________________
Dean thought as he stood up and walked in front of Cas before dropping to one knee in front of him, the small box clutched in his hand.
“Yes, but-”
"But we don't even have a lawyer" Cas sighted. Dean thought about that for a moment before he said
“Angels are watching over you,” he said as he let his hand wander over the quote.
A few minutes later, Dean joined them and after Dean called both of them nerds and received a bitchface from Sam, they started planning their day.
I do think I will change my upload schedule to every two weeks instead of weekly. I hope you don't mind and that you enjoy this chapter.
“Just with some friends.” He answered easily and took a sip from his new beer. Jake nodded with a grin, eyes flicking to Dean’s lips. Dean noticed the movement and smirked before he leaned over and whispered.
“Yes I’m fine,” he said trying to avoid Castiel’s gaze. He reached out and intertwined their fingers giving Dean’s hand a squeeze before looking outside the window again. Cas knew that Dean wouldn’t tell him what was on his mind if he was not ready for it, so he decided not to pressure him.
“I’m okay, just… distract them.” He said and Cas could hear him talking on the phone with Sam.
“I love you, Dean Winchester,” Cas whispered softly.
Anna took his hands and forced him to look at her „listen to me, you won't. You aren't at high school anymore. You understand. And even if you disgrace yourself, they have no proof that it was you." she said and pulled him into a tight hug. Castiel loved Anna. Not in a romantic kind of way, since he was gay, but in a best friend kind of way. They had hit it off the first day they had met at school. Anna was new in class and he expected her to bully him like everyone did but she didn't. When he had had one of his panic attacks and hid behind the schools building, she came and asked him if everything was okay. She sat with him until he had calmed himself down and he knew at that exact moment, that he never wanted to lose her.
Soon his fingers and sheets were stained with his own blood. He looked at his arm and then at the red mess on his arm. Cas was feeling so numb and broken. He cleaned his arm, bandaging it and changed the sheets before going to bed.
Cas sat down on his old couch, which made a squeaking sound as he sat down. He tried to call the green-eyed boy but his phone went straight to voicemail. His eyes dart over the open living room space and focus on one of his chairs. He could have sworn that he had put a blanket there since his apartment could get pretty cold in the winter months. A spark of hope spread inside of him and he grabbed his jacket, put on his boots and opened the door.
Winchester_destiel
“That does sound weird. Maybe… someone slipped something in their pockets without noticing?” Gabe shrugged.
“What?” the man underneath him asked confused.
much, studying with Dean and helping Sam a little with his work for school. He was working a lot at the coffee shop, earning a good amount of money and even his boss looked happy with the work and effort Cas put into his job. Castiel had gotten the results of his exams back, on Monday. He had been walking to one of his classes, when he had seen a few people from his class, gather around a sheet of paper pinned at the wall. He approached them, heart racing. He had been so nervous and he didn’t want to fail any of his classes. When he was finally able to get a good look at the paper, eyes searching for his name.
“That he won the custody battle.” Cas texted.
“Where is Cassie?” Gabe plopped himself onto one of the chairs and pulled out a container with pancakes that were all but drenched in syrup and… was that, whipped cream? ‘Gross,’ Dean thought as he scrunched up his nose.
“Okay that’s great. I wanted to ask until when you’ll be here because Jess will probably come over later and it would be nice if we had some privacy, if that’s okay with Dean,” Sam asked shyly, looking for permission in his brothers eyes.
Cas had a great time and he really liked the group of friends a lot, hoping  that they would meet again. Castiel was farley drunk when the clock struck 11:58 pm and everybody gathered outside to watch the fireworks.
“One second,” Dean told him before leaving the bed and coming back after a few seconds, a condom and a small bottle of lube in hand. Cas looked at him questioningly.
“Dean,” the woman said, addressing the other man. Dean cleared his throat before looking into Castiel’s blue orbs.
“Thanks Gabe. And thank you for helping us these last few months, we don’t know what we would have done without you,” Cas told his older brother, solemnly.
“I’m sorry Cas…” Dean started but was cut off by Castiel, raising his hand to silence him.
“You know there are easier ways of murdering someone like poisoning them for example.”
"It's not mine" he admitted.
Castiel was sitting on the couch of their living room, writing some emails, when he heard the front door open and close after a few seconds. Dean walked into view, a big smile on his face.
Castiel smiled at the last text and replied quickly, before he realized that he had only one and a half hour to get ready. He cleaned his room a little bit, put on a pair of sweats and a shirt with a flannel on top of it and went down to the kitchen to grab a coffee, since he wanted to grab breakfast with Dean. When he entered the kitchen, Lucifer was sitting there drinking his coffee. Cas poured himself a cup and did his best to ignore his brother who was staring at him the whole time. "Nice outfit Cassie is that what freaks like you wear at university?" his brother asked. Cas didn't respond and made his way out of the kitchen. When he passed his brother, Lucifer grabbed his arm and pulled him in front of him."Didn't you hear me gay freak?" he said, tightening his grip around Castiel's arm. The shock that rushed through Castiel's body made him drop the cup in his hand and it exploded into tiny shards on the wooden floor. His brother stood up, he was a bit taller than Cas, and punched him in the guts. The air in Castiel's lungs leaves his body and he pulls his arm to his stomach. He tried to straighten up again but his brother's fist hit him at the jaw with such a force, that he lost his balance and fell to the ground. His hand hits the ground first which prevented him from crashing into the glass with his face. "That's for the cup. freak" his brother said. His hand started to hurt and only when his brother finally left he saw that his hand was lying in the shards of the broken cup. Blood was running out of the little cuts and onto the kitchen floor. He sat up and dragged his hand up only to see that a big piece of glass had pierced through his palm and was now stuck there. He cleaned the floor as best as he could and then went to the bathroom, locking the door behind him.
about him and who actually
“I don’t want to ruin the quiet and romantic moment but…” He trailed off, ducking his head. He felt Cas cup his cheek and lift his head up, deep blue eyes locked with his.
artwork by Noe-Izumi on Deviant art
“Really? And I thought I was obvious with my sexuality.” He scoffed.
After checking in and getting a few weird and judging glances from the girl at the checkin counter, they were sitting at a caffe, Cas finally ordering a cappuccino. He was so eager to drink the brown liquid that he burned his tongue, making a pained expression.
“May I?” he asked looking into blue eyes. the other boy just nodded before Dean pulled his shirt up and over his head.
Dean pulled into the parking lot and exited the car, walking around it to open Castiel's door as well. Cas smiled at him softly and left the car as well. Entering the diner they sat at a booth at the back.
“Nope, Sammy and Gabe will do that tomorrow.” He promised, remembering that he had in return promised to do dish duty for the next two months, and help either one when they eventually got engaged.
"So... will you help us?" he asked. Gabe looked up with an expression on his face, Cas couldn't read.
Sam and Cas got into a debate about the book Sam was reading and whether or not the protagonist should be forgiven by the reader or not.
“Cas this is beautiful,” was the only thing he was able to say before leaning forward and capturing Castiel’s lips. Dean pulled away with a smile playing at the corners of his mouth.
Dean's face and posture relaxed as he read before he sighed.
“How did you sleep?” Sam asked casually. Cas could feel a blush creep up his neck and when he looked over to Dean, his cheeks were reddening as well. Without looking his brother in the eyes he said,
Castiel was thinking that his parents' lawyer was right since they hadn’t given the court any evidence and his thoughts started racing about what would happen if they lost but then Gabriel’s voice interrupted his train of thoughts.
“Seems like we didn’t.” Sam sighed and nodded. He knew that this meant they had to get back before more people died.
“If only you knew,” Cas said sheepishly, a smirk forming on his lips.
“A little,” he admitted shyly.
“I’m Alastair and because you’re new I just wanted to let you know that I’m the one who practically rules this school and if you want to have a good time here, I would try to stay out of trouble with me or my people. Otherwise you’ll have a pretty bad time.” Cas thought he was joking. No way did this guy just threaten him. So Cas fixed him with a gaze of his own.
“Maybe but at least they were there that night. So at least our theory doesn't seem that far off, does it?” Sam said with a small smile, already focused back on his tablet. Dean just shrugged and Cas wanted nothing more than to hold him close.
“See? So just take a few deep breaths.” Cas did as he was told and suddenly the doors opened. His heart started hammering even louder in his body. He took one last deep breath before he linked his arm with Anna’s and started walking down the aisle. He looked at the crowd, friends and family all gathered around, looking at him. The song he had chosen to play when he would enter the room was
Winchester_destiel
“Dean?” He asked confused but Dean didn’t say anything and instead exited the car with a smirk and went around to Cas’ side, opening the door like a gentleman. Cas looked up at him with furrowed brows but got out of the car and then was standing directly in front of Dean, faces only inches away. Dean pecked his lips once before he pulled away and took his hand, leading him towards the double doors. He opened it and held it open for Cas who entered. Dean slipped in after him, closing it again.
“Did you happen to notice anything… unusual that night? Maybe a drop in the temperature?” Castiel asked as he stood next to Dean. The man shook his head.
“Well, that was a bust…” Dean grumbled as they exited the bar.
“Dean-o. Breakfast in five, bucko.” Came Gabriel’s voice through the thick wood of the door. Dean let his head fall back against the pillows and looked at the clock. 8:35 am. He hadn’t slept that long in a few weeks. With another sigh at having to leave his bed, he threw the covers back and pulled on a shirt and some pants before making his way to the kitchen where he found not only freshly brewed coffee waiting for him but also a stack of pancakes on the table.
so shoutout to E. for being so awesome.
“Because I would think the same about Sammy. I would definitely be angry; not with him but with the people who did this to him. But I would also be proud of how strong he must be to be able to live with those scars.”
Link for the artwork:
“I’m glad you like it, bee.” He smiled. Cas seemed to contemplate something before he snapped his fingers and a small box appeared in his hand as well. Dean just froze, not knowing what to say. Cas smiled softly as he pulled away enough to be on one knee.
“I have thought about it a lot, especially after the trial and everything and I think… no, I
It was silent for a few seconds before Dean sighted, a small smile playing at the corners of his lips.
“It calms me down,” was the only response Cas got, a smile sneaking up his lips.
"How could you be on his side?" his father asked. Gabriel's voice was calm when he spoke
“We’ll see about that.”
“Who did this to you?” Dean asked.
through the fabric. Without a warning Dean pulled the covers back and off of Castiel’s body, earning a displeased whine from his boyfriend. Cas got up eventually and after shooting Dean an angry glare, walked past him and into the kitchen. Dean followed him only a few minutes later.
Link for Banner:
Fanart by forwardandover on tumblr
“Hm… you’re right, what about a nice dinner then?” He smirked, running a hand through his hair.
PS: I may write some one-shots over the summer, so you might still get content.
“Seems like it could have been a ghost, although it’s not here anymore as it looks like which could mean the spirit is attached to an object?”
“You ready Sammy?” Dean asked his little brother who was waiting, sitting on the couch, one of the books Cas had given him for Christmas in hand.
“Oh don’t look at me like that.”
“Hey I’m Ash,” one of the guys said. He had blond hair which was shoulder long, and trimmed on the sides.
They drove for about thirty minutes in which Cas didn’t stop questioning Dean about where they were going.
They drove Sam to school and then continued for the university. While they were driving, Dean’s hand found Castiel’s and he entwined their fingers. At the university, Cas gave Dean’s hand a squeeze before leaning towards him and kissing the taller man. They didn’t have any classes together but they said that they would meet for lunch.
Cas had to admit that it looked really damn hot and he wanted nothing more than to take that apron off but his thoughts disappeared when he saw Sam sitting at the kitchen table, a book in hand.
“Yes,” he said wanting to turn around but Dean put his hand on Castiel’s arm, turning him back around.
After all his classes had finished he went home. He entered his apartment and almost stepped onto the letters that were lying on his floor. Castiel quickly collected them and started shuffling through them. They were mostly flyers, one about a new pizza place that opened and some discounts on products, but then he saw one that piqued his interest. It was a white envelope with the words “Kansas Courthouse” on it. Castiel’s hands were shaking. He was so nervous to open this envelope. Cas had wanted to do something about his family for such a long time and now that the time was there he wasn’t sure if he wanted to open it after all. He ignored his inner turmoil and almost ripped the letter, while he was trying to open it. While reading it his heartbeat increased so much that his heart was hammering against his rib cage. His case would be presented to court. He had to be there on Monday at 8am. Cas texted Dean as quickly as possible to let him know. He then decided to take a nice warm shower to calm his nerves a bit.
“Cas, I would be honored to take this case. I can’t guarantee anything, at least not yet but I will try my best. Just keep in mind that this could take some time and that I would need to be informed about some private experiences Sam and Dean had, that maybe they aren’t ready to tell,” he told all of them, looking first at Sam and then at Dean.
“Make me,” Dean answered with a saucy wink. Cas raised a brow at him, making Dean focus on the road as a blush rose up to his neck. Cas only smirked wider and leaned over, kissing his neck before pulling away.
"Dean Winchester," he said holding out his hand to Gabe who shook it.
“Okay everybody will come at around 6:30 pm,” Dean said. Cas looked over to him, rattled form Dean’s voice. Dean quickly glanced at him, furrowing his brow.
“Hey, what got you into such a good mood?” he asked, standing up and kissing Dean when he was close enough. The other man leaned into the kiss, his hand wandering to Castiel’s cheek.
“Okay I’ll call her later,” Sam said, standing up, making ready to leave.
“Hey, you okay?” He asked softly. The boy just shook his head, too shocked to answer.
“Cas?” he asked into the quiet room.
“Cas… I know that I have been a bit oblivious about the fact that you liked me too. I think it came from the fact that I never thought an actual angel could fall in love with plain old me.” He admitted, ducking his head briefly. “but for some reason, you did and I won’t question it. I can’t imagine my life without you in it. Couldn’t since I met you if I’m honest. You’re the most amazing being I have ever met… I… will you marry me and become Castiel Winchester?” He finished, tears threatening to spill over. His eyes were fixed on Cas’s as he pulled the box in front of him, opening it to reveal a silver band with a blue band in the middle. Cas just stared at him, his face a mix of love and adoration.
“Whoa, easy there Tiger.”
“God I love you,” Dean said between kisses, as he shrugged of Castiel’s jacket. Castiel’s tongue plunged into the green-eyed boys mouth, drawing a moan from him. Soon they had gotten rid of most of their clothes, Cas on top of Dean, only in his boxers. Dean’s hands wandered to the waistband of his shorts but Cas stopped him,  grabbing his wrist.
"Cas are you okay?" was the first thing he asked. Cas nodded and tried to sit up but his wound was aching with every movement he made. He felt a strong hand gripping his arm and helped him sit up. It took Cas a few seconds to focus his blurry vision before looking at Dean. His boyfriend looked horrible. His nose was bleeding and he had a cut on his lip. The left side of his face had a few cuts and a big bruise was starting to bloom on his jaw.
“Can I touch you?” he asked softly and Cas just nodded, not trusting himself to speak. By Dean’s touch, Cas shivered a little but he didn’t pull away and instead let the boy in front of him brush lightly against his skin, just as he had done a few moments ago. Dean’s fingers traced over his neck and then went to his arms which were full of scars. Some of them he had gotten from his bullies in school and his brother, and some from self-harming.
Movie tonight?
When they arrived at the party, most people were already there talking to each other, Castiel's heart was racing and his hand were shaking a little. He took a deep breath and then opened the door of his car. He and Anna pushed through the crowd of student and entered the house. Inside it was again packed with students, drinking out of red plastic coups. Anna took his wrist and dragged him to the kitchen, while yelling something he didn't understand. She filled two coups with whiskey and when Castiel turned around, he froze, It was Dean entering the room and he looked gorgeous.
“That’s great. I am really happy for you and your brothers.”
His voice broke and he stared sobbing, laying the guitar to the side, as he rubbed his eyes with the edge of his sleeve. He loved this song. He had always listened to it when he was in high school and even though he knew things with Dean would turn out fine, Thats what he hoped at least, he just couldn't help himself from feeling horrible. He felt like it was his fault. He knew he was wrong and he knew it wasn't Dean's fault either. It was Lucifer’s but he just couldn't stop his mind from blaming himself. He fell asleep, eyes red and cheeks wet, the guitar still next to him.
“Fifteen years ago she died in our burning house and even though it happened such a long time ago, I still remember it as if it was yesterday…” Dean’s voice got quieter the more he spoke and when he trailed off it was nothing more than a whisper. Cas searched for Dean’s hand and intertwined their fingers, squeezing his hand tightly. Castiel wanted to say something but Dean was already beginning to speak.
“It’s perfect.” He whispered. Dean just took his hand and kissed right over the ring.
Entering the forest he passed a few people but didn’t pay them much attention. The last leaves of the trees were starting to fall off and the branches looked naked and uninviting.
He shuffled into the kitchen, grabbing a mug and starting the coffee machine, the kitchen filling with the aroma of coffee. Sitting down on the table, he tried and failed, to rub the sleep from his eyes.
“It was amazing, Dean,” the blue-eyed boy said, kissing Dean’s cheek softly. They laid in silence for a few moments before Dean spoke up.
“Do you really think you can intimidate me?” he asked angrily. Alastair’s grin widened even more but before he could say something, someone started saying through the speakers,
He felt a shoe hitting his lower abdomen and he could feel his stab wound protesting. A few more kicks before he heard a loud grunt. He carefully opened his eyes and saw Dean standing over his, now unconscious, father, a broken beer bottle in his hand. He could barely stand up and after looking towards Sam, he fell down on his knees.
Cas could see that Dean was starting to get irritated with his brother’s annoying behaviour and he was starting to regret this idea.
“Are you drunk?” Cas asked.
"For what?". Dean looked at him with disbelieve in his eyes.
Dean stopped stroking his hair. When he opened his eyes, Dean looked concerned. " Cas..." he began but was cut off by Castiel. " Please, I don't want to talk about it. I just want to enjoy this moment with you, without having to think about my family or my brother". Dean didn't push him and laid his head back into the pillow. Their mood had dropped for some time but soon they were talking again, both happy to be around each other. They picked the date Dean would visit. He would stay for three days, if his parents allowed it.
“Morning,” he said wrapping his arms around Castiel’s waist from behind and laying his head on his shoulder.
“Dean…” He whispered softly, gentle and loving eyes on Dean.
“Nope. You’ll see soon enough, angel.” He promised and boobed his nose. Cas scrunched up his nose and pouted at Dean before he smirked.
were the exact words of the text. Cas just stared at the screen for a few seconds. He couldn't believe this was really happening. This guy had given him his number and now he was texting with him. Cas didn't know how to respond. Should he just write
“Yea they are assholes. I had piercings in before I came here and they made me take them out. How did you manage to keep yours in?” Cas smirked a little at that.
He thought before he undressed and got under the hot shower spray.
“Pleaseee” Cas whined but Dean stayed silent, turning up the volume of the radio. Cas fell back against his seat, knowing how stubborn Dean could be. He figured he would find out soon enough and he did. After another 15 minutes of driving, Dean pulled into a parking lot, in front of a restaurant. He turned off the engine and without saying something, he left the car. Cas stayed in his seat for a second, hesitating and then went to open the door but Dean was faster, opening it for him. He exited the black car, letting Dean lead him to the diner. They entered the place, their fingers interlaced.
The drive to Anna’s family house wasn’t long and on the drive there, the two boys listened to one of Dean’s cassettes, Metallica blasting through the speakers. A really excited Anna opened the front door, pulling Cas into a bone crushing hug, before she hugged Dean with the the same amount of  enthusiasm.
