The world's only consulting detective counted the streets he passed in his mind, waiting for the right turn off to the rendezvous point. He'd texted Wiggins with cryptic instructions only they would understand. It had been...difficult to ask him to put himself in harm's way, even though that had always been part of the arrangement.
Sherlock had gone through great lengths never to fall in love. He didn't need the complication, didn't want to be that vulnerable, and it didn't matter. He'd fallen in love with John Watson anyway. Loving didn't change a person though. He was still the world's only consulting detective, still played the violin at all hours, he would never stop running experiments, and would probably run cases until they were the death of him.
Thank you to all those who left comments, kudos, bookmarked, and/or subscribed to this story; you're support is a huge motivation!
John looked over to Sherlock and opened his mouth, but was stopped by the sight of blood dripping down Sherlock's arm and off the tip of his elbow. Sherlock was clutching the arm in question, probably to apply pressure, but if it was still bleeding…
been working pretty hard since he'd started here. He was settled now, and there was more to life than work.
John had looked up at Sherlock through the fingers of his hands, which covered his face. At length he sighed and dropped his hands. "
John might have been irritated by the Holmes brothers' methods of showing affection if he wasn't so relieved at the prospect of finally knowing where Sherlock was.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, in part to mask his own embarrassment, but dutifully sat at the computer and hacked into the necessary cameras. At the moment it looked like a very ordinary London street, but they were early, so to speak.
John nodded. "Then we shouldn't keep them." He stepped out of his room, shut the door behind him, and reached for his formal coat, which he'd draped on the back of one of the dining chairs. Mary likewise slipped into her coat and the two of them made their way outside.
Mr. Miller's face reddened and hardened at the same time, becoming all menacing, twisted angles. "Sod this," he spat. "You're worse than the sodding Yard!"
As infuriating as the experience had been, John had to admit that he was impressed... Forcing his attention back to the present, John scanned the computer screen in front of him. "Was it the gardens?"
John looked surely at the windows and said, "Oh he's in alright. I just hope he doesn't cause an explosion before we get upstairs."
Sherlock snorted in disgust and attempted to wriggle out of John's arms in earnest, but John was having none of it. All Sherlock succeeded in doing, was turning around, at which point John pressed himself tightly against Sherlock's back, chuckling softly at his antics. "What brought this particular kindness on?" John asked, leaning up to press gentle kisses into the back of Sherlock's neck.
"Sherlock!" John hissed, turning back to his unabashed flatmate, who was grinning now. "When did you do that?"
"Oh?" John asked, intrigued. Mary was a seasoned nurse and not many things shook her or surprised her.
John stared hard at the sun catcher display in the train station gift shop and tried to convince himself that he wasn't being followed. He didn't succeed very well. Not only had he actually been followed numerous times while working with Sherlock, but everything about this current situation had him doubly on edge.
Sherlock fidgeted impatiently, knotting his fingers together behind his back while he waited for his brother to look up and notice his present.
A sudden heat crept over the back of John's neck as realization dawned. "You...composed that waltz...for me?"
As he came to the top of the stairs John saw Sherlock and Nikki standing side by side, playing together. Nikki's cast had come off recently, and she was building up the strength of her arm in the hopes of resuming her first chair responsibilities soon. Sherlock had resumed covering for her half the week, and Mycroft's replacement covered the other half. At the moment, John was selfishly grateful he'd have Sherlock to himself tonight.
Sherlock assumed his thinking pose, was silent for a few beats, then said, "She's not doing well right now, because she's scared of coming back, of what that might mean for her, but that's hardly unusual. She's made a true effort to examine her behavior and what feeds it, although that terrifies her."
"I don't know! It sounds like she misinterprets the looks she gets or what people say to her. I'm not saying that being a new doctor on staff can't be difficult, but I think she's inventing these insults in her head. Just today, I overheard she was insisting that Dr. Delany was the only mature person on staff! I don't think she'll last a month at this rate."
Sherlock hardly needed an excuse to show off. "Well," he began, clapping his hands together in front of his face as he had done before. "I knew there had been no suicide by the description of the body and the shotgun alone. No matter how far you had been able to hold the gun away from your face, given the power of the gun, you would still have blown your skull, and everything in it, to pieces. The fact that the head remained, more or less, on the body, indicated a close range shot, with the muzzle approximately three feet away from the face. It couldn't be
"May I steal a dance, Mr. Holmes?" She asked, her voice uncharacteristically low. She was trying for sultry, but she'd only made herself sound like a victim of laryngitis.
a plan, John wasn't to be privy to it just yet. He was lucky Sherlock had given him enough warning about their dinner to put on a nice suit. John suspected that, walking into such an extravagant restaurant in a sweater wouldn't have thrown off his precious plan, he might have let John do so, for the sole purpose of savoring his embarrassment.
If he had hoped to deter John by making him uncomfortable by their proximity he had failed utterly. "Take. Your. Medicine." John insisted, pushing the tablets against Sherlock's lips.
John nodded, and then leaned forward slightly until his forehead rested against Mary's. "I'm sorry." He repeated, pulling her into a gentle embrace.
Marcus gasped when John returned his attention to Marcus's neck, his hand reaching out to the drawer of the bedside table once more. John caught his movement and pulled away to retrieve the desired items. The drawer was indeed well stocked. John quickly selected lube and a condom that was for intercourse, not oral sex. Looking back at Marcus's disheveled face, he smiled. "Come here," he murmured, maneuvering them both until he had his back against the headboard and Marcus was hovering over his lap.
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his heart pounding in his ears as his free hand, the one not still held by his blogger, came to rest ineffectually on John's shoulder. This was... He should... push John away, but... Sherlock felt the first tentative touch of John's tongue against his own, when the sharp trill of John's ringtone forced them apart.
"I forgive you," she replied, wrapping her arms around him as well, nestling her head against his shoulder. Her voice was still calm and for one confused moment John almost felt as though Mary were holding him, consoling
to come back. Mary's flat had been his only refuge these last few months, and it would feel wrong not to come back. He'd been idling in the sitting room, trying to decide if he should stay or run, when he'd spotted the letter. It was a small white rectangle starkly contrasted by the dark stained wood of the table by the fireplace. It had been laid out like an invitation, so John had read it.
Marcus laid his body over John's, pressing into him intimately, and John savored the contact, running his hands down the warm skin of Marcus's back. Marcus arched into the touch even as his tongue pushed against John's in a sensual dance.
One of Mycroft's eyebrows arched to his hairline and the hint of a smile tugged at his lips. "I never could get you to work for me without a pretense." Sherlock snorted derisively, but Mycroft continued before he could comment. "My paramedics will take you to St. Bart's. We can talk more freely there."
Mycroft lowered his hand, and met John's gaze again. "Because I want him alive too, and I do think a connection to home is helping him... Just...understand the risks, John."
John would have taken steps by now to stabilize his life, he might be pursuing happiness, and may even…
John frowned, and stood, though his hands remained resting lightly on Sherlock's waist. John leaned forward until his cheek brushed Sherlock's and he could whisper, "I love you," into Sherlock's ear.
"I'd like to place you both in protective custody," Greg assured her, "but I need to go through the proper channels."
It was the end of so many things, it should hardly be a surprise that it had been then end of his association with John. He'd had to do
aren't you wearing any pants?" John asked, looking up at his daughter as he settled the fabric of her dress above her knees.
to talk to Sherlock right now. He was angry…and confused. But Sherlock almost never called, so it had to be important. Hoping that Sherlock had found a lead, John forced himself to pick up at the last moment.
"I'm not too bothered about it. It just seemed like overblown protective older brother nonsense." John shrugged. "Sherlock did tell me that Mycroft works for the government; that he practically
John glanced down at the table for a moment, shaking his head. "I don't know. Something that links back to old cases, maybe? He could think it links back to a number of old cases, actually, that would explain why he's dragged out probably every case file he has."
"She's got as fair a chance as anyone," Sherlock conceded. "She hasn't exactly wiled away her time in treatment as so many others do."
The elevator ride to the eighth floor was silent and filled with tension. When the doors opened they moved as one out into the main hallway. The walls were finished with expensive wallpaper and the floor was covered in thick carpeting, and everything was surprisingly empty. Sherlock picked up the pace to a quick jog, and Mary and John followed his lead. It was eerie passing so many empty halls and rooms. Something was definitely wrong. John wanted to hope that people had begun to evacuate when the air started to smell bad, but he couldn't be sure.
Toby never flinched, too seasoned and well trained to be distracted. When they paused just inside the door he sat and looked to Sherlock, waiting for his cue. Sherlock knelt and produced Mrs. Werner's hairbrush. Toby dutifully sniffed, then pressed his nose to the ground. He started to move in circles, each circle growing wider as he searched. Sherlock, mindful of his promise to Lauren, stayed with him. John followed as well, but slower as his eyes took longer to adjust.
"Your phone. It was resting in your breast pocket, probably so you could keep a better eye on it, you didn't live in the best of neighborhoods. It was expensive. You were looking, desperately, for money, you wouldn't waste any on this. It must have been a gift. There were scratches on the case, not just one, but many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. A responsible man wouldn't treat his one luxury item like this. It's had a previous owner then. The next bit's easy."
Sherlock considered this for a moment. Retelling the story would cause him to look at the cases in a new light, and might aid him in his private search for the as of yet unnamed spider. He glanced at the paper in his hand, which turned out to be an old medical record that was pivotal in the solving of his very first case. His first case hardly seemed relevant to this last, larger one...but it was best to leave no stone unturned. He had so little time left, rushing would only make him sloppy.
As much as it hurt, John made a point of going on with things, keeping fit, and sharpening his mind as much as he could; he would never compare to Sherlock. John was trying to cope with the gaping wound left in his life since the fall of the world's only consulting detective, but there was more to it than that. John was convinced, absolutely convinced that there was more to Sherlock's story than he knew, and by God he would have answers if it was the last thing he ever did. In the meantime, all he could do was wait, and be ready when the time came.
Sherlock did pause then, to glare meaningfully over his shoulder at his blogger. "Once again, John, you miss everything of importance. Mr. Dwight fell victim to a much more common temptation." Without looking back at the computer, Sherlock opened the file he had just come to, and pictures of a half dressed teenaged girl filled the screen. They weren't blatantly erotic. She was dressing, or using the facilities, or even examining herself in the mirror of the bathroom downstairs. "Mr. Dwight is sexually fixated on his babysitter," Sherlock concluded with triumph. "Given these pictures, it's very likely that she's still a minor. It could have been Mr. Dwight's illegal activities that caused the fight with Mrs. Dwight, but given that Mr. Dwight is also legitimately involved in the shipping business, and these files were buried much deeper, I'm guessing she stumbled across them and had be silenced."
Sherlock swallowed hard, a tumult of emotions running through him. John was offering more than he had ever expected. He was willing, albeit reluctantly, to let Sherlock continue taking the suppressants if that was what he chose to do. Bonding, while usually completed during sex, only required John to puncture the scent glands in Sherlock's neck, specifically with his teeth... it would hurt, but he had been told it was also pleasurable. With no promises or expectations of fulfillment... Could he really do that to the man that he'd come to love?
I moved to a new home. (This was a good thing, but not when you've just started working sixty some odd house a week).
"Here you are, sirs," the waiter said quietly, gesturing to a small table for two adjacent to one of the floor to ceiling windows.
The bow fell from Sherlock's fingers as he watched them cross the street, his chest constricting with acute pain as they disappeared beneath the window, and entered the building. John was coming for him. He was still furious, still hurting, but he was pushing all of his personal feelings aside for the safety of others. It was written all over his face and, admittedly, so very like John. He was very kind…he'd certainly been too kind to Sherlock.
!" John spat, hitting his hand against the table in frustration. He had stared fixedly out the window for a few moments, his breath coming in quick pants. John ran a hand over his face and through his hair before finally asking, "
Sherlock's eyebrow lifted in an accusatory gesture. "The truth is the truth, Ms. Adeline; it is not about kindness."
A flash caught Sherlock's eye, and he noticed a thin, very plain looking woman tap Ms. Adeline on the shoulder. She was obviously an assistant or secretary of some kind. It was her wedding band that had caught the light as she lifted her hand. It was as plain as she was, but it glimmered strongly in the light of the room. Someone was satisfied with their marriage, for now anyway. Given her lack of all other jewelry and well-kept but second hand clothing, it wouldn't last . Marriages with financial strain never did.
"I did not know my daughter the first time she spoke with me, but she already knew who I was to her. Many people in the Royal Ballet know that my daughter and I have talked on several occasions, even if they do not know that we are related. One night, as I was leaving, she fetched my coat for me. She claims, in her letter, that she collected some hair and some...used tissues I had in the pockets, and ran a DNA test with them. It is not definitively conclusive," he repeated, "for I could argue that she forged the results of the test as well as the letters, but she has enough proof to cast uncomfortable suspicion upon my person. A suspicion I could not lift by having a formal, observed test, for she
John pulled two tea cups down from the shelf, a reflex he'd never been able to entirely rid himself of, but he was able to smile about that too. Usually John was able to catch his mistake before he brewed two cups. Usually. Sherlock had him so well trained that there would be hot cups of tea awaiting the world's only consulting detective for decades to come. The act of making two cups of tea was comforting to John, even if he usually ended up drinking both. Leaving the second tea mug out for now, John set his tea to brew.
Sherlock's expression hardened. "Yes. It must be such a relief to you that your sister is getting the treatment she so dearly
As it turned out, Mycroft's warning text had come three weeks before Sherlock's final entanglement with Moriarty, and Sherlock's time away…
A warm hand on his shoulder brought Sherlock's pale blue eyes around to meet John's darker ones. "I'm still sorry," John repeated, squeezing his flatmate's shoulder gently. They held each other's gazes for several long, silent moments before the sounds of Mrs. Hudson's footfalls on the stairs caused them to turn and separate.
"Right," John murmured, tapping his foot impatiently on the living room floor as he listened to some tediously irritating hold music. Two, maybe three minutes later, Harry's voice carried over the line.
Pulling back, John braced his hands on her shoulders and kissed her forehead. "You'd better go, or you'll miss your flight."
before his fateful visit with Mrs. Hudson. Even then he hadn't been able to speak his piece until she had left, and he was alone.
Sherlock didn't protest; in fact, John could feel him smiling into his hair.  This was the first time John was choosing to fall asleep against Sherlock on purpose without being sick or injured.  He couldn't say exactly what that meant, but it felt good.  That was enough, for now.
John shook her hand, wrapping it in both of his. "You're welcome, Mrs. Aster. I'm happy to help." And he was. He liked fixing things. Sherlock had made more than a few comments about how this was John's coping mechanism for his unsteady childhood, whereas Harry had followed their parents example.
John felt the weight of Alexander's letter in his hand, and his fingers tingled with the itch to open it. John stared at the folded paper, running his finger over the creases and crinkles. As harmless and heartening as these letters had been, John still recognized an air of danger about them. Danger of getting too attached, danger of getting sucked into Alexander's mess, danger of yet more heartbreak in a world that seemed more unrelenting than ever...
John sighed, his warm breath momentarily warding off the chill around his face. What was he going to do then? When Sherlock had evicted him, John had focused on the next logical step. Secure temporary housing, search for more stable housing, and work to further his medical career. Now…now everything seemed so muddied…
Sherlock looked up when he heard his brother's measured pace coming down the hall and grinned in anticipation. He scrambled off the bench, which he had built to accompany the piano, and waited anxiously for his brother to appear.
John stepped forward, moving across the room and sitting beside her on the sofa. This close he could see the redness in her eyes and cheeks, which again indicated that she had been crying. "Do you want to talk about it?"
Sherlock reached out, and with the use of his natural strength, which no one ever seemed to anticipate, and his knowledge of pressure points, he separated the couple's hands. The woman immediately withdrew her hand, clutching it to her chest and rubbing it to ease the ache. She looked between Sherlock and her boyfriend with a haunted, frightened look. She wasn't happy with this development, but she remained silent.
Wiggins nodded slowly. "Pressure's holding steady at the water front and by the warehouses. Did you see the lights they're putting up in the heart of town?"
was a significant part of the reason that, while genuine, John's smile barely touched his eyes. John was happy, was taking steps, but part of his actions were simply going through the motions.
John, reluctantly, conceded. Marcus stood before him, smirking in the firelight as he removed the last of his clothing, and John watched him, enjoy the view. The skin of Marcus's penis and testicles was darker than the rest of his body, the testicles nestled in rings of tight dark curls. Marcus was already erect and leaking precum. John licked his lips and watched Marcus's member twitch in response.
As soon as he was in the door John was put on triage. Many of the young interns balked at the idea of one of their superiors being given such a 'menial' job, but John knew that was their inexperience showing. During nights like tonight, there was no job more important. When resources were stretched thin and stakes were high, the wrong decision could cost someone their life. The doctors treating would treat the patients John marked as the most urgent first, and the other cases would wait accordingly.
Mr. Miller rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously. "I..I tried that after the first week." He looked down again, no longer able to meet John's eyes. "They didn't believe me."
"Miss. Williams," Sherlock tried again, his voice strained with irritation. "Please be reasonable. You can't ignore the evidence." It had taken a great deal of effort for John to convince Sherlock to
Shouted questions filled the air as Sherlock strolled up to the front door, and, nodding to Donovan, who stood guard at the door, reached for the handle. He had just begun to turn the handle when a single query broke through the ambient cacophony:
John considered for a moment before he replied, "Well..." John hesitated. It was only autumn, but he doubted Sherlock would complain about a song being out of season. "How about 'Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas?'"
John ran his hand over the paper in front of him wishing he could hold his sister. She might always need to be wary of potentially dangerous situations, yes, but that hardly meant that this wariness would define her life. As a doctor he'd seen many patients with chronic pain, or other life-altering injuries, move through their lives and find such unexpected hope and joy. He desperately hoped his sister could get to that point one day.
John lifted a hand to caress the side of Sherlock's face, but his expression was rigid as iron. "Silence is
Sherlock plastered on a dazzling smile, and pulled out John's chair for him. John managed a pleasant smile, which widened as he deliberately stepped on Sherlock's toes. "Thank you," he murmured, his smile shifting to a smirk as he tipped his head over his shoulder to look at his 'date'.
John looked around and took a sip of his wine before answering. "It's very relaxing." It was an eerily good fit, so much so that it made John cautious. Mary, in many ways, appeared to be everything Sherlock wasn't. She was calm, friendly, and welcoming. But, John also perceived, she was more than met the eye, and this interested him too. If Sherlock had taught him anything, it was that he didn't like simple. He'd never had a woman for a flatmate, not that he thought it would be a problem. He was still hung up on Sherlock, and she was adamantly attached to her late husband. In a way, they made a good pair.
bother him occasionally since Sherlock's death, but that was usually on those days when the dull ache of morning Sherlock became a wound torn open, stabbing with pain. These letters certainly scraped roughly over John at times with the way they reminded him of Sherlock, but still the sudden pain in his leg was unexpected.
Sherlock wasn't in the habit of saying please to anyone. At that time John and he were barely on speaking terms and, for all their respective blustering, Sherlock and Mycroft did care about each other. Several minutes later, Sherlock received a reply text.
Eric nodded and wished him a good day, a sentiment John returned as he stepped out of Eric's office. The instant the door closed behind him, John felt a change in atmosphere. Nothing was different about the hallway, or the people walking through it, or even in the noises he could hear. But now he knew that Sherlock was waiting for him in the staff lounge, the game was on, and damn if he didn't feel an achingly familiar sense of anticipation. To hell with it. This would be his last case, at least if he had anything to say about it, there was no reason John couldn't enjoy it. One last time, and then it would all be over.
Lestrade had cursed and pulled him into a hug, overjoyed to have his friend back again. Sherlock hadn't meant for Lestrade to become a friend either, but he had. Moriarty had found his friends, and targeted them, and because Sherlock
These kind actions, if one could really call them kind, given his true motivations and the pain they also caused, wouldn't fix things. They wouldn't fix
Pretense out of the way, Sherlock removed some delicate instruments from his pockets, and opened the lock. He would have preferred to climb the fence, but it was thoroughly surrounded with barbed wire on the top, Mr. Werner's vicious nature making itself known again.
"Quite," Sherlock replied, and John knew from the glint in his eyes that he was smiling. "Baring the fact that it's Tuesday, of course."
John pointedly refused to look at his companion as the lights dimmed and the show began. It was beautiful to watch, and a rudimentary knowledge of the plot helped the ex-army doctor distract himself from the terror of a man beside him. It was a sad plot, though, and John struggled with the urge to re-write it in his head. The healing impulses of a doctor did, after all, come naturally to him.
you are able to place your brother in rehab, you are wasting your time. The exit is back that way, please stop wasting my time as well; it's much more valuable."
John stopped and forced himself to look up to see where his feet had taken him. He was in front of a pub. Harry's wasted face flashed in his mind, and John shook his head. Alcohol was not the solution… but two drinks wouldn't kill him. He had drunk to excess once or twice in the past, but never when he was upset. By the time John was of drinking age he'd imposed a limit of two drinks, and two drinks only, when he was upset.
Sherlock had known he was hunting a nemesis, but he had never suspected he would come across a consulting criminal, for that is exactly what Moriarty seemed to be. He appeared to cooperate with others, but was never directly involved in the crimes. That made him all but invisible to the authorities. Sherlock was beginning to suspect that Moriarty was all but invisible to the criminal world as well. The only people he seemed to be in communication with were the woman, and the man who remained on guard. If he operated through them and them through others it would create a very effective smoke screen.
Sherlock's hands slid over the heated skin of John's torso while his mouth moved energetically over John's cock. John threw his head back into the pillows and gasped out abbreviated nonsense syllables, his fingers tugging lightly on Sherlock's hair in encouragement. Sherlock drew his lips slowly up John's length, keeping his cheeks hollowed until John's member slipped from between his lips and his devilish mouth moved down until it reached the sensitive skin of John's inner thighs.
"No, my name was Lestrade before I married, just like my sister." The children ran past the door to his study then, chasing a plastic eyeball the size of a plum, which was rolling on the floor. It had a clear plastic case around it, with clear liquid between the plastic eyeball and the clear casing. The eyeball inside was weighted so that, no matter how it was held, the eyeball always pointed up. Sherlock had made up several of them as presents for the children. "Hold on just a moment," he said into the phone. Then, shielding the phone with his hand he yelled, "Don't chase that eyeball down the steps! I do
Normally Sherlock droned out such noise and let someone else deal with the fallout, but Mr. Werner was a typical thick-headed alpha male and he had just issued a challenge. If Sherlock ignored him, which was more than tempting, he likely
Sherlock gently placed his violin down on the desk, and bent to retrieve the bow. John would have been in the room already if Mrs. Hudson hadn't waylaid him at the foot of the stairs; Sherlock could hear them talking now, but he knew John wouldn't be detained long enough. Sherlock had never needed warning to brace himself before, but now he was utterly off his guard. Sherlock only had enough time to turn around before John burst through the door to 221 B.
John returned Marcus's smirk, leaning back with the palms of his hands behind his hips. "Be my guest."
"I will release you from your obligations as my blogger, while also keeping my promise to pay for the remainder of your sister's treatment."
John's lips pinched together in a thin, unhappy line. He wished he was able to offer Mr. Brenton better assurances, but all he was able to say, after a bit of thought was, "Sherlock is very...thorough when he's gathering data. Whatever the truth is, you'll have it in its entirety."
Sherlock turned to study his flatmate who was staring resolutely at the blank screen in front of him. John was upset and that puzzled him. The good doctor had said and demonstrated that he cared for him, but he had no good reason to. Sherlock knew he wasn't very likable, things were easier that way...
Miss. Williams returned Sherlock's glower, but was able to reply with a cool, aloof tone. "Of course I would believe if Charles told me, I
"I've been trying for years to get people to mind their own business when it comes to Sherlock and me, but it never worked…" He shook his head and paused to sip his wine. "I don't know why I ever thought it would."
When, at last, the final curtain had fallen, and they were languidly making their way through the crowd, John couldn't help but wonder if Sherlock had purchased tickets for this performance because it was the most convenient, or if he had also considered the plot. It
Without moving his gaze from the wall Sherlock reached out and took the piece of paper. "At least I have plenty of company. Most people are idiots."
way to die of a broken heart," she murmured as he pulled her back to her feet. "I've just poisoned you, Mr. Holmes."
After Child's Play, I will begin posting, Make or Break, a story that takes place in the world of Hetalia. I have also included a sneak peek:
Marcus needed no more invitation, but immediately leaned over John, pushing him down with a hand on John's chest. Once John was prone, Marcus reached for his trousers and pants, urging John to lift his hips so the garments could be discarded.
"My father made mistakes, and they cost people dearly," Bryan was saying, summarizing his points. "But I am determined that no one will pay any further price for the mistakes of my father. Together we can build a brighter stronger future for this company, and be transparent about our successes and our stumbles. We will set a new tone for how business is run in the financial sector!"
John walked up the steps to Mary's flat, grateful to be home. It didn't really feel like home yet, but it felt safe, and safe was what John needed right now.
was he going to convince him to help pay for Harry's treatment? A reassuring pat on his shoulder brought his attention back to the elderly landlady. "He'll take your case, love, not to worry."
"Yes, and he's purchased both ammonia and bleach based products," Mary gestured at the screen enthusiastically, "If a few of those happen to go missing and someone suffocates it would be all too easy to place blame on ignorant janitorial staff."
It was an impressive display of temper, but Sherlock could tell Mr. Werner was holding back. Then again, it would hardly help his argument that he was deserving of better treatment if he assaulted Sherlock, as he very much wanted to do at this moment.
Sherlock stopped, clamping his lips shut until the edges turned white. John sucked in what he prayed would be a calming breath and righted his chair. He was a doctor. He had a patient to tend to, then he needed to see his sister. One simple task after another, and he would be able to put this whole sodding night behind him.
When he was finished cleaning the dishes and wiping down the counters John dried his hands and strolled back into the living room. Mary was still lounging on the sofa, her now empty wine glass set on a bookshelf beside her for the moment. She turned to smile at him. John smiled back and lifted his arm to try to rub some of the soreness out of his shoulders that had lingered from his long shift, and had then been compounded by the dishes.
there too. When the paramedics arrived your oxygen levels were uncomfortably low. They gave you Naloxone, but the cocktail you received was mostly barbiturates." John squeezed Sherlock's forearm lightly. "I'm glad you're alright."
"I was busy with an experiment," Sherlock replied sharply, clearly indicating what he felt was most important. "Besides, you know now, don't you?"
Disclaimer: None of the characters depicted in this story are real, and I am not trying to disparage any of the actual staff of the Charing Cross Hospital.
John brought his hands back up to the warm skin of Marcus's waist, easing the fabric of his trousers over his hips. "I prefer to top," John murmured before inching forward and taking Marcus's earlobe between his teeth.
John bit his tongue and he scrubbed his hands clean, cursing his heart and his memory. Standing in the familiar loo it was hard to convince himself that he wasn't home. And yet... 221 B hadn't been his home for many months now…at least in name.
Mycroft, for the first time that John could remember, looked...uncomfortable. He combed his fingers though his hair, and met John's furious gaze with his open one. "I used to worry about my little brother constantly, as you well know. ... I found, quite to my surprise, that once you were in the picture, I did not have too. Still, old habits are quite hard to break... I should not be surprised that your loyalty endures, even now. I cannot think of anyone I would trust more with my brother's safety...or his heart."
The owner seated them in a comfortable booth by the window and handed them their menu's. "Anything to drink this evening?"
As they began to make there was towards their seat, John tugged on the sleeve of Sherlock's jacket and hissed "Sherlock do you know what this
Harry looked over her shoulder uncertainly, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth. "I thought you said you only had five thousand pounds?"
With muffled yawns and tired smiles they both returned to their respective bedrooms for a few hours of restful sleep before the day began.
Sherlock lifted his hands to adjust the collar of his coat against the wind. He was early, but he hadn't been able to sit still at the flat. He'd gotten started on researching the hospital staff as soon as he'd returned from his performance last night, but as the time he would normally leave for the opera house approached, he found himself increasingly…
"Shirt off will probably give you a better grip, and a better idea of what you're working with," John replied, bringing Mary's attention back to the present as he sat in his chair, and removed his shirt, holding it in his lap. He'd never really talked about his injury with Mary but like most who knew him, she'd read his blog. John mused that, while he had spent some time trying to get to know Mary and build their friendship, there was very little of real importance in his own life that they'd discussed outright. They'd skirted around a few issues which Mary must have known about from his blog or simply inferred from what she did know about him. Mary and her flat were a retreat for now, but John knew he would have to confront the emotions and some of the people he was avoiding eventually. Though he never intended to see Sherlock again if he could help it.
John smiled despite himself. "I don't know. We'll do our best, but don't wait for us." He waved as he turned to go, rushing down the steps as quickly as he had come.
The door clicked behind him and John whirled around in surprise and panic, only to see Mary slipping inside the room with them. When John had left the flat, she was taking her turn in the shower. Now here she was, hair still slightly damp, in fresh clothes and a long white doctor's coat. "Sorry I'm late boys, where are we at?"
John remembered feeling sick the first time he had witnessed CPR on a patient. Everything about the situation, the sharp stoic orders issued by the attending, the cracking of ribs, and the rapid compression of the rib cage, spoke of the seriousness of the moment; a life hung in the balance. That patient had not made it, and John remembered empathizing with the doctor who had to make the call; there was no harder call to make.
Thank you to all those who commented, gave kudos to, and/or subscribed/bookmarked this story for their thoughtful and touching reviews/support.
"What's wrong?" John asked, his voice low and filled with the threat of violence for any unseen enemy that might be nearby.
to play voyeur to John's goodbye to his sister. As far as Harry was concerned, John was just Sherlock's new assistant. Despite the darker, more worrying facets of their deal, this was basically correct. The last thing he wanted to do was cause his sister any more grief worrying about him; she was already facing the single most difficult thing she would likely ever have to do.
"I'm glad you've got someone in your corner," John replied, gratified to see his patient so pleased and energetic. Attitude did a lot to affect recovery, and Nikki's seemed to be in remarkably good spirits.
As a result of their needling, John hardly spoke to them anymore. He still lived at 221 B Baker Street, so this occasional made paying the rent a touch awkward.
There was a cluster of hesitation marks next, as though Alexander was truly beside himself in finding the right words.
John blinked at her as she led him out into the hallway, not sure if he should be pleased or worried by her enthusiasm. In the end he decided to be grateful for her company, and let the rest fall where it may.
The ex-army doctor swallowed hard and forced himself to look down at the papers around them. Sherlock had lost his friend because of his gift, because of his brilliant mind. John knew that the world's only consulting detective had spent several years in the throes of addiction to heroin and cocaine when he was younger. Had that happened right after University? He didn't know many of the details of Sherlock's life, but not for the first time he was struck with how...lonely it seemed.
After gentle prodding and examining, John concluded that the rest of the body appeared to be whole and untouched. "Was it a short barreled shotgun?" John asked, turning to face Lestrade, who nodded at him.
The first shift staff were coming on now, and the hallways were crowded with arriving staff and staff heading home. As he closed the distance between himself and the examination area that was missing a sharps container, John caught sight of Eric speaking with some of the oncoming staff, alerting them to need to know items that would carry over from the night shift. Reflexively John smiled and lifted his free hand to wave. Eric waved back and called out, "You're heading home, right?"
Marcus's lips were soft and warm, and they parted easily for him when John pressed his tongue against them, asking for entrance. Slowly, John turned around in Marcus's arms, sliding his own along Marcus's torso, and settling them at his waist. Marcus was a bit taller than John, but that was hardly a feat, and it didn't matter. John cared even less about height differences than he did about the gender of his partner. What mattered was willingness, and caring.
John smiled gratefully. "Thanks, Mike, but I've still got to get Harry situated before I can seriously consider taking up a position. She's not interested in any treatment centers around here, and as is we're going to have to move out of London; my pension only goes so far."
to date again...but that was an existential crisis for another day. Just like he'd written to Alexander, one thing at a time.
His mind flashed back through the times he had tended to Sherlock's case related injuries, and the easy, relaxed air that had seemed to settle around them during those times. He remembered Sherlock's breathy
Sherlock crouched when he reached the ground, and pulled two tennis balls from his pockets. He carefully removed the plug from one and set it rolling down the alley, towards the street. Before he'd left Baker Street he'd managed to fill each ball with urine from a bitch in heat. Very little could deter well trained scenting dogs for long, except for this.
They stared at each other for a long, silent moment before Sherlock sighed loudly and muttered, "Fine. I knew this was going to be tedious."
This afternoon John most certainly would have gloated at such an admission, and made a show about how he needed to mark the calendar, but now the gray pallor of Sherlock's skin had him worried. The good doctor crept across their floor and leaned over the world's only consulting detective. John pressed his hand against Sherlock's arm, frowned, and slid his hand up over Sherlock's shoulder and along his neck, just under the jaw, feeling his swollen lymph nodes.
James nodded, a wry smile playing on his lips. "If you ever want to work at St. Barts, teaching, or in the morgue, I'd be happy to put in a good word for you. You were brilliant helping out with that autopsy."
"I'm glad Nikki was able to get some time away from the orchestra," John mused. "She's normally so busy."
They pulled up to an elegant looking white building with a sign that proclaimed it to be, "Nines." Marcus came to a stop right out front and exited the car, passing his keys to a waiting valet. John joined Marcus and together they walked inside.
"It was an assassin who came for me the other day," Petia confirmed. "For years I was haunted by the ghosts of my past. Even after I met Susan here, and married her. She knew I had a…difficult past, but she did not know the truth until last night. I was sitting in my study in the dark, trying to ease the pain form a migraine, when I heard the window lift from its sill. I cannot see well in the dark, but there are other ways to know your way around. I jumped to snatch my gun from the fireplace and shot him. By good fortune, I shot him in the face and he went down before he could reach me. He fell by the fireplace, and so it was an easy thing to dress him in one of my suits and place him on the chair, with the gun at his feet. Susan helped me, after I had revealed to her the danger we were in. I did not want to part with my wedding ring," Petia's gaze drifted to his wife for a moment then back to Sherlock. "My marriage means much to me, and I did not think anyone would care about such a trifle."
John's sniffing stopped momentarily, and Sherlock's stomach dropped as he heard John turning around to face him. Sherlock closed his eyes as he felt John approach, still unwilling to face the situation before him.
Sherlock made himself sit, immediately drawing his knees up and encircling them in his arms, trying to shield himself from...everything.
She brought one of her gloved hands before his face. In it, she held an empty syringe which held the smallest trace of blood on the tip. In a swift movement, she capped the needle and leaned forward to slide the syringe into his jacket pocket. Her breath brushed his ear as she spoke. "The only antidote that will save you, are the very chemicals your own body releases when you are in love."
John flushed, and his hand went to his neck. He'd known it was there, he'd seen it yesterday morning when he was dressing. It was only a day and a half old; John knew he couldn't expect it to fade properly for another few days, especially when it was so dark… Not that he had any regrets. Marcus had been…energetic, but a very welcome distraction. He had meant to cover it up… but he'd forgotten.
The man, Bill Wiggins, was Sherlock's longest standing member of the Baker Street Irregulars. Sherlock had commissioned him as the head of this last little project, which Sherlock had coded, "The Pressure Cooker." As much as Sherlock despised the dramatization of the names John assigned his cases when he posted them on his blog, this code name allowed for a casual discussion between two semi-delirious homeless persons which no passerby would think anything of, or even remember.
Instead of waiting for the attendant to retrieve their coats, Sherlock reached his long arms into the coat check and snatched his Belstaff and John's jacket before the attendant could protest. John glowered as he shrugged into the garment. "Did we even bother to pay?" He hissed as he jogged to keep up, "Or did we run out on the tab?"
John flung open a cabinet door and fished around inside the dark recesses for a mug. His hand returned with both a well used tea mug, and a neatly folded letter placed inside said mug. The letter startled him, and for a moment John wondered if he was becoming forgetful or neglectful in the placement of his mail. That was when John noticed the swirling arches of calligraphy that emblazoned 'J' over the seal of the envelope. This was another letter from Alexander.
The nobleman smiled broadly and clapped Sherlock on the shoulder. "Thank you! Thank you, Mr. Holmes. My daughter is-"
Sherlock had been right, of course. John was in love with him. He had been for years, even if it had taken him almost an equal number of years to figure it out. There was no sudden realization, just a slowly dawning understanding of exactly who his heart belonged to.
Sherlock seated himself haughtily in his chair, helped himself to John's laptop and began furiously typing. "Go make some tea or something; your just distracting me now."
The world's only consulting detective shook his head and bit back a curse. He should've realized when he saw the article about the excavation for the sky scrapers and the artifacts they had found there... Hell, Mr. Dwight was probably involved in shipping the damned things into the country so they could be planted at the site of the soon-to-be skyscrapers, thus "legitimately" found and sold.
"You're welcome, dearie," Mrs. Hudson replied, turning back towards the door, with a wink. "I'll let you get back to your afternoon."
"Sherlock, we might have time, but we don't have all day," John broke in. "Weren't you the one going on about all these hacking skills Mary's not using as a nurse? Just let her try."
It had taken every shred of John's self-control not to hover over her shoulder when she'd lazily booted up his laptop that morning. Instead, he'd practiced his breathing, and watched her surreptitiously over the edge of his morning paper. He'd tried to read the articles, he really had, but he was more focused on trying to read his sister in the same way that arse had read him the other day.
Molly's smile brightened. "He's good. He took me to Angelo's last Friday, it was just as good as you said it would be."
but perhaps she'd received a tip or a call. He wanted a case that was an eight, but at the moment he'd even leave the house for a six.
" She paused to pluck another Kleenex from the box on the low table between their two sofas. "It was bad, though, whatever it was." Something in the timber of voice changed, catching Sherlock's attention. Mrs. Wallingford looked up again and their eyes locked. "The way Andrew looked at me, in those last week's was the same way he looked at me when we thought I might miscarry Evelyn."
He walked straight towards the supply closet and deposited his items on a bare spot on the shelf in the back bottom left hand corner. He had to crouch to reach the area. Then he stood, retrieved a fresh sharps container, and made his way back to the examination area he had just left.
John found himself smiling, amused by both the protective streak, and yet another abrupt change in subject. He couldn't really blame Alexander, though. He had to be surrounded by intense and unpleasant emotions constantly; he didn't need to be further burdened in these letters.
Sherlock was just setting down a letter on the mantle when he turned to face John and frowned. "I know that expression."
Sherlock surveyed the area before them with a keen eye before proclaiming, "Ah. You met your boyfriend here for lunch before." It was not a question. He pressed on, heedless of John's darkening expression. "Avoiding him won't resolve your ambiguous feelings you know."
Sherlock's lips quirked up in a brief but honest smile. "Well, you are more stubborn than I expected at first. Time
She held his gaze for a long moment before tearing open the seal at last. Carefully, she withdrew the book and opened it. She scanned the pages and other contents pressed inside the pages, slowly at first, then faster as the color slowly drained from her face. When she stumbled across a lock of blond hair and a photo of a too white face lolling on pale shoulders she cried out in horror and despair. The book fell from her lap and her hands covered her face as sobs wracked her small frame. She shook her head violently from side to side, muttering, "No...no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no.. No
"John, the Yard is swamped right now. I don't know what happened, but our tip line has been ringing off the hook. I don't have time for Sherlock and his games."
Sherlock leaned away from the microscope to make a small notation on the pad of paper just beside him. His experiment was going very well, but it was important to watch it closely or he'd have to start all over again; the variables were just too delicate.
Sherlock chuckled morosely. "I haven't lost that many of my faculties, John. I am quite familiar with this process."
John moved his finger inside Sherlock, eliciting a breathy gasp. Sherlock's arms wound around John's shoulders, pulling him in, refusing to let him go. John fumbled blindly for the lube, applying more to his fingers before slowly pressing another finger inside Sherlock. Sherlock was rocking against John's fingers now as they moved inside him. Sherlock's legs gripped John's sides, urging him on, his whole body jerking and shuddering as John first brushed his prostate.
lucky breaks there was a 19% chance he might have started to turn the tide, but even then, it would have taken
John swung his legs over the edge of the bed and stretched. His muscles were sore from his work and his limited rest. His concentration hadn't suffered and neither did his bedside manner, when he concentrated. He wasn't painfully sleep deprived, but he was uncomfortable. It would pass, though. It would have to.
of this... John slid his and down Sherlock's good arm, and squeezed his hand. "It will be okay." And Sherlock, despite all of the obvious contradictions to that statement, all the statistics that were against them, believed him, because John Watson was the type of man who wouldn't stop until he could
"Uh-huh," John retorted with a smirk of his own. He knew Sherlock was good enough to thrash him in probably ... seven moves, but he hadn't. Maybe he was cataloging John's responses, or seeing how many different ways or strategies could be used to win and how quickly. Whatever it was, John was grateful that
Sherlock deigned to look up from whatever it was he was researching, the hint of a smile ghosting over his lips. "I've left you a little something on the kitchen table," he repeated.
," Sherlock explained. "She spent most of her younger years in free lance special ops. That's how she's seen so much of the world, and she left the business after her husband died."
Sherlock's fledgling smile turned into an all-out smirk. "The wait-staff told me. Before you arrived to hear his case directly, Mr. Miller had mentioned that Palmer's was one of Anna's favorite restaurants, how they used to eat there at least twice a month before her possible abduction. After he left it was a simple matter of asking the right people when she would be there. Any staff, especially staff at a posh facility where celebrities or other important persons could be guests, will have someone willing to break client confidentiality for a boost to their income. They typically don't ask questions, so Anna's relative lack of fame was of no consequence. They had her name on their register, and I arranged for tonight's reservations and seating arrangements."
James winced in sympathy. "I don't know much about roses, but I've heard they're very temperamental."
"Yes," Mr. McGregor squeaked, and as soon as he did so, Sherlock released him. He fell back hard on his heels and rubbed the back of his neck, looking dubiously at the world's only consulting detective. "I'll go make the call," he muttered, giving Sherlock a wide birth as he left the room.
keep the saline? Sherlock concentrated, bringing up and sorting through conversations he's shared with his former flatmate, searching for the data he needed...
John stepped forward, almost straddling Sherlock in his chair, forcing Sherlock to focus on him. "We should start with a safe word."
"Caucasian female, 21. Her friends found her unresponsive in the loo at a club, suspected overdose. We administered one dose of Narcan on the way, and one dose of epi, no response" one of the men stated, his voice loud and clipped while one of his team mates worked on the patient.
John knew he didn't have all the details of the particular historical event. He wasn't even sure of this general's name, but he'd still made his point, and it was a good one. Still, he couldn't help but think that Sherlock would've known the name of the general, and more details about the event. Hell, he'd probably had it tucked away in his mind palace in case some criminal ever put a virulent strain of MERSA on a sharp edge which would scratch their intended victim and make it look like an accidental death.
Soon John felt his pain easing and small tingles breaking out down his arms and back.  It was a long time, John couldn't say how long, before Sherlock's fingers final left his head.  When they did, he had no more pain.  John opened his eyes, reached out, and wrapped Sherlock's arms around him.
. He had shocked himself when he'd ended up near St. Bart's. It had been the end of James's shift and John had nearly run headlong into him.
Rising from their seats, they made for the stairs. There were only seven flights of stairs between them and the archives, but it seems like an endless, poorly lit, concrete labyrinth. John argued with himself the entire way down, wondering how much a fool he would feel when this 'investigation' came to nothing...and still he could not ignore the tingling excitement creeping up his spine. It was weak, tentative, but still reminiscent of the excitement he'd felt while running cases with Sherlock. John thought it might have truly been sick, how
Greg's face reddened and he swiped something small and rectangular out of Sherlock's outstretched hand. Leaning close to the lanky man, Greg hissed, "
It really must've been a good day, because John found himself able to laugh at the thought of Sherlock making a spectral appearance just to get John to stop wearing his scarves.
Susan covered her mouth with her hands to stifle a pained whimper and Ilia paled considerably, his anger giving way to a palpable grief.
Marcus's eyes flitted to John's old bullet wound, then back to his face. "I'm sure you will." Then, almost as though it was an afterthought, "You had some nightmares last night."
"What?" Sherlock and John chorused, moving to stand on either side of Mary and peer at the computer.
From the first time they met, John had been struck with the intense need to protect Sherlock. At first he hadn't known what to make of it, and over time had decided it was love. He hadn't cared that Sherlock as a beta; Sherlock was the most dynamic, complex,
John reached forward and gave Mary's hand a squeeze, trying to show his support. "Well, if it puts your mind at ease, I promise I won't rush the stage and try to slay Rothbart or the black swan when they make their appearances."
"Hence the appeal of an accident and emergency hospital?" Eric asked, gesturing with his hand as if to indicate the building they were in.
DNA testing, and now that there is some doubt the police will have to test. The forensic team went through
Marcus's fingers were stroking over the flesh of John's hand now, and a small smirk was tugging at the edge of his lips. "Not always, I'm adamant about consent, but the chase has its own thrills."
It didn't matter what happened to him, if he was killed at the end of everything it would almost be a blessing. Before he died, though, he would end every single person that had ever contributed to his suffering. He wasn't after petty rivalries, those had all been burned away by his greater focus. A very specific group of people had contributed significantly to his suffering, and he was in the process of returning the favor. Several people were already dead thanks to his careful planning.
"You'll never get into that one," Mr. Murphy started, taking a step forward. "Our best IT staff haven't been able to crack the password. Give that over I'll get you a fresh laptop."
"Maybe not when he's on a case, and not when he's using drugs, but there was no case, and as far as Mycroft knows there were no drugs either. No experiments, no nothing. He was just…." Greg shrugged, at a loss for words.
Sherlock scoffed, but Lestrade pressed on, "I mean it, Sherlock. Mr. Murphy could have forced you out of that room. I'm surprised he didn't try. You know it was two in the morning when you called right?"
John stood and pulled back the curtains around the exam area. Accident and emergency was always noisy, but, now that Mrs. Aster could breathe, she didn't seemed phased by the bustle of activity. "I recommend that you follow up with your primary care doctor within the week, to let him know what happened, and to continue to monitor your asthma symptoms."
There was also a slight curl of the lips indicating a sneer when he asked about Donovan's credentials, which gave a strong indication of his dislike of women in general. He was subtle about it, though. He tone was nothing but friendly, and if he focused on Lestrade, Sherlock, and John more than Donovan, well, they were leading the investigation, weren't they? Perfectly excusable. To idiots.
When the time came for lunch, eating was the last thing John wanted to do, but he made himself grab a small sandwich from the deli and managed to eat half of it before his stomach threatened to rebel. John was just wrapping up the remainder and placing it into his bag when he spied Sarah in the hallway.
It was eerily quiet inside, and John hurried up the steps. "Sherlock?" he called, scanning their darkened living room as he fumbled to hang up his coat. There was no response. He reached out to turn on one of the rooms many lamps, and winced when he saw the state of the floor. Somehow things were even
Greg smiled. "We're not fighting. We did have a row, but I think Mycroft was worried about the same thing, actually. That whatever's going on between Sherlock and yourself would put strain on us."
"I wasn't about to drag you to my wedding, when it was my fault that you were so reluctant to see me in the first place..." Mycroft sighed and his eyes softened in a way Sherlock hadn't seen since they were children. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. For everything."
His whole body ached with a pain so sharp he was almost numb. John had, somewhat unknowingly, allowed himself to be vulnerable. He had opened himself up to Sherlock, completely. It wasn't that they had many heartfelt discussions, or painstakingly confided their most painful secrets with each other; they hadn't had to.
John had to fight back the edges of a smile for a moment, because by God if a crime scene was no place to giggle a detox ward was beyond the pale. The thought only made the urge stronger and John bit the inside of his cheek to try to restore order. If Sherlock's influence on him was this pervasive...he might just have a problem...or something...
Mary smiled wryly and said, "It was something you needed to do, and you couldn't have kept me away after I knew what you were up to."
slept with men before. As long as his partner was healthy and happy, John wasn't particularly attached to which body parts they happened to have. He wasn't in any state to consider a relationship either, for different reasons, but one night
John stepped up to the counter and offered his hand to the cat, who sniffed it, then butted her head against it, demanding affection. John smiled and scratched behind her ears. The cat had just started to purr when the door to the back opened, emitting a short, thin woman with close cropped brown hair and eyes as green as her cat. A small sparrow was perched in her hair, nestled down as though it never intended to leave. Her name tag declared her to be Lauren Henick.
"Not enough data," Sherlock replied, his voice still quiet. "After I cleared Mr. Wallingford's family and business associates, I started looking into Charing Cross Hospital, but I saw nothing that seemed significantly unusual. There's always a chance someone could actually achieve subtlety as opposed to most criminals' barely concealed efforts, but before you came to me I had no proof."
"You too, dear," she replied sweetly, humming to herself as she made her way back inside her first floor flat.
, once the paramedics arrived, I went on my way and thought no more about it. That, is, however, until he showed up at my flat. He had some misplaced gratitude to express."
Molly's eyes narrowed. "Maybe I should take him up on it then. That's how things work in your world, isn't it? Favors bought and paid for without any consideration for real emotional connection."
Mr. Brenton nodded grimly, and focused on his tea. He seemed a great deal calmer now that he'd gotten his story off of his chest. They sat together in companionable silence for a few moments before a sharp cry of, "Blood!" from the kitchen disturbed the peace. They both jumped and winced as they spilled hot tea over their hands. Before they had a chance to properly set their mugs down, Sherlock charged into the room with an oddly colored solution in a beaker.
John was not in the mood for games. "You are going to bed," he ordered. Standing, he glanced around and thought again. "Stay here."
John pressed his forehead into his palm and counted to ten in his mind while Mr. Brenton colored and scurried off, Sherlock close on his heels. John followed, somewhat reluctantly.
John had seen Sherlock's point, even then, but that had only made him think less of Greg's now ex-wife. Greg sacrificed so many things for his job, and all because he genuinely wanted to make the world a safer place than it was. John knew his perspective was skewed. He had…did love Sherlock for his similar devotions, but John had also been with Sherlock the majority of the time that he was working, and he had…different expectations than a spouse would.
Sherlock had stewed over his recent cases for the last two weeks before deciding to exhume his older ones and look for clues that might have been invisible to him before. It was somewhat surprising that his excavations, which had quickly spilled into the living room, hadn't woken John. Not that he particularly tried to be quiet, nothing of the sort. No, John must still be catching up on sleep debt from Mrs. Dwight's case.
Sherlock was dimly aware of John pulling back, gently licking over his abused flesh, encouraging the blood to clot.
A slim man in an expensive suit stood there with his back to Sherlock while his dogs tussled on the floor beside him. His hair was neatly slicked back, and he almost looked like... then he turned and Sherlock's eyes widened dramatically.
John was starting to feel the chill again, so he set his letter down on the coffee table and scrambled up to his room to pull on a flannel shirt in addition to his robe. Afterwards he puttered around in the kitchen, preparing a cup of Earl Grey tea with milk. He actually had milk on a regular bases since he was the only one getting it and Sherlock wasn't appropriating any for his experiments. It was stupid, but he missed being out of milk.
John paused to set his bag down in his room, and then circled back around to the kitchen, pausing in the doorway and smiling at Mary. She was bent over a saucepan reducing a mushroom sauce. She glanced up at him and smiled, her hand never stilling as she stirred the sauce.
Eric still seemed reluctant to take his letter of resignation, so John set it down on the corner of the desk before lifting his phone out of his trouser pocket. He hesitated when he saw it was Sherlock calling and almost didn't pick up. John didn't
Turning back around John stepped forward and collected both the bag for the bin, making sure to replace it with a fresh one, and the sharps container. He would need a fresh sharps container from the supply room. The bag and the sharps container were easy to carry with one hand, so John held them low and slightly in front of him. Holding them behind himself would make them look more conspicuous, but this way it didn't look like he was making an effort to hide them
Mary's smile widened. "You've asked me to call you John before. I think that's a good trait. Too many doctors and officials these days stand on ceremony."
you've insisted in developing a psychosomatic limp. You only came here as a last chance effort to get your brother into rehab, for the seventh time, I might add. You don't have the money to pay for it; you don't really even have enough to support yourself. Given the high probability of failure, even
John stiffened, then turned to face a middle aged man of average build, and slightly balding chestnut hair. "I apologize, on my own behalf and on behalf of my idiot flatmate," John murmured, leaning forward to shake their client's hand.
"First things first," Mary began, rolling up her sleeves to the elbows. "I expect you to wash your hands thoroughly before you touch any food."
"I'm not trying to pressure you, John. I just know what it's like to be in a tight spot. I don't need a flatmate, but I wouldn't mind one. I'm not a landlady, there wouldn't be any official paperwork, so if you tried it and wanted to leave, it would be easy. Well, as easy as what you're doing now."
John forced his hands to unclench and took several deep, measured breaths. Sherlock was not worth it. If lives weren't at stake, John wouldn't have ever spoken to him again. Right now he had to focus, one step at a time. He needed to turn in his letter of immediate resignation to Charing Cross, then he needed to return to Mary. As much as this resignation frustrated him, it would likely give Sherlock the data he needed to narrow down suspects.
"Sherlock," John began, his voice on the edge of laughter despite himself, "It's really not nice to laugh at your clients."
"When isn't he?" John replied rolling his eyes. They had stopped walking now, and were standing together under a large tree. "He know when I'm texting you, when I'm meeting you, and when I'm so much as thinking about you. It's bloody irritating."
But he was close, so close to discovering the truth, some crucial thread that he would be able to follow all the way back to its source at last. He needed to think, the answers were all here in front of him, he just needed to think… He shifted, laid down on the sofa, pressed his hand together below his chin, and closed his eyes.
John nodded, not deterred from his plan in the slightest. "See you this Saturday. Let's say 10:00am?"
"My husband won't be jailed, will he?" Susan asked, distraught. "Please, Detective Inspector, he won't survive if you put him in jail."
"He sent me this package, Johnny," Harry rushed to explain. "I just received it this morning. Here, wait, I have the letter on me." There was a brief pause filled with the sound of rustling paper, before Harry spoke again. "He sent me a small gift, too. The letter says:
John's eyes went back to her hand. "You should run that under cold water," he observed, edging in beside her, forcing her to take a step away from the stove as he grabbed the spoon from her and continued her stirring for her.
"I told you to wait by the ring," Sherlock wheezed as John's hands and fingers swept over his face and neck, assessing the damage.
There was some hesitancy here, several scratches of the pen as if Alexander hadn't been sure what to write or if he wanted to continue.
John reached forward and tightened his fingers in the hair close to Sherlock's scalp. Sherlock sucked in a breath when John pulled, forcing Sherlock's head back. It wasn't a violent action, but a slow, steady tug that demanded attention. There was no pain, so long as Sherlock did not put forth any resistance, but there was an insistent pulling that threatened pain
After twelve minutes had passed, Sherlock instructed the woman again. "Stop." He shifted slightly so that he would face Nikki more directly. "Will she do?"
Sherlock followed silently, only pausing to lift his arm and summon a cab once they reached the street. John sent Sherlock a fleeting smile before they both climbed in. They rode together in silence and when they arrived John was surprised to find Sherlock pulling out his wallet. They shared another look as he paid. Sherlock never paid for the cab, but then this wasn't a case…
The muscles in John's stomach clenched as he fought the impulse to draw in a quick breath at the sight of the body. It was about as bad as he expected, but that didn't make looking at it, at
Soft, warm lips met his own and John pressed up against them, steadying himself with a hand on James's hip. John felt James's hand cup his cheek, holding him in place. John parted his lips and traced the seam of James's mouth with his tongue. James's hummed in pleasure for a moment before meeting John's tongue with his own. There was no battle for dominance, just the slide of warm wet muscle, a mingling of breath, and affection.
"No, no," Greg shook his head emphatically. "I'm not trying to tell you what to do; I'm not sure I would forgive him, if I were in your place. I'm just trying to understand what happened, and letting you know everything I know or think I know, like you asked."
John had known Mary for almost a year. They'd talked casually, but not often. Work friends: another thing that had fallen by the wayside in the past few years. "Good, actually, I'm just tired."
This has been a wonderful ride, thank you so much everyone for your support and encouragement. The story is not quite over yet, there will be an epilogue next week, and the authors note there will contain sneak peeks of my next two works. I hope you will stay with me through next weeks epilogue and, if any of my upcoming works interest you, that you'll keep an eye out for them. Thank you for your support!  ^_^
The grin that claimed Sherlock's face was infectious, and John was smiling back before he even knew why.
minds. This will drum up more cases. Of course I will have to sort through all the riff raff and their equally boring cases, but that is a necessary tedium, I'm afraid."
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and sighed loudly. A ghost story. True he'd seen many supposed ghost stories turn into memorable cases, but most of the time they were the ravings of lonely and paranoid people... He
"I'll be glad to have Harry back soon," John murmured, trying for a change of topic. He was glad, really. His sister's illness had been the genesis of this whole arrangement… John would never have believed, especially in the beginning, that he would ever grow to miss the idea of being Sherlock Holmes' flatmate and blogger, but now that the end was near…he did.
John stumbled to a halt, groaning in frustrated disappointment when the peaceful face of a woman in what had been in her late eighties was revealed. The sight gave Sherlock pause as well, which gave security enough time to catch up with him, and begin pulling him away from the coffin.
A knock on his door startled John out of his reverie. "Are you almost ready?" Mary's voice was muffled by the thick wood of his door.
He saw Mary leave the building and rest her hand on John's rigid shoulder. He had been loitering outside 221 waiting for Mary, and his entire body was as tight as Sherlock's bow strings. Mary forcibly slipped her arm through John's and started to walk with him, talking as she went. He was still tense, and his answers to Mary were clipped. Just before they rounded the corner and slipped out of sight Sherlock saw John's shoulders start to relax. Sherlock knew he had been right, and that Mary was already persuading John. Now it was time for Sherlock to make his own arrangements.
John complied with a frown. Sherlock never asked for anything, he commanded. He'd certainly never said
Mr. Werner glowered and lunged again for Sherlock, who darted around a dog crate. Sherlock made sure to stay close enough to keep Mr. Werner's attention on him, grateful that John was staying back with Toby; Lauren's threat had been absolutely serious.
Mr. Brenton's brow furrowed. "No, I-I didn't want to believe what I was seeing, so I washed my hand and went to bed."
Sherlock never did put on his seatbelt, but he remained silent in his seat, gaze fixed on the man beside him, furiously deducing everything he could. Marcus had worked in business and politics his entire adult life, and that was where he intended to stay. Not in the lime light, but behind the scenes, almost the power behind the throne, or CEO, or elected official, as it were. His current position gave him all of this without any real personal risk... but he didn't have a committed relationship. There was too much travel and business at all hours to support it, not to mention the slight but persistent risk that in a big enough scandal Marcus, and anyone he loved, could also be dragged into the spotlight.
Once the last nurse had left, John pulled up a chair alongside Sherlock's bed, and took his hand. Sherlock's gaze met John's and he frowned. "I suppose it's time for that
"It was always that way, until recently," Sherlock surmised, and Mrs. Wallingford nodded sadly. She might not be schooled in old world politics but she
No, Mr. Werner's general mediocrity would not protect him, not this time. Sherlock brushed past him without any attempt to take his offered hand. Introductions were tedious and pointless. Lestrade cried out in predictable indignation, and began making apologies. He knew it wouldn't stop Sherlock, social niceties never had.
The wailing died off into despondent sobbing, and John could just glimpse a tall, thin woman with dark hair being embraced by a sturdy, broad shouldered gentleman "Come along, Susan, the police still have much work to do. The house is safe, they have searched everywhere. Now they are needing us to give statements down at the Yard." John thought he heard a slight accent in the man's voice, but it was too faint to place.
"Blogger. I've had a crime page up for some time now as part of my work, but it hasn't brought half the interesting cases I thought it would."
"Do you mind?" His voice was rough and angry. He held up their joined hands and shook them in front of Sherlock's face. "We're busy!"
"Not much, mostly he made veiled threats that if I ever hurt his brother there would be 'consequences,' and that he was always watching over Sherlock, that he worried about him constantly."
Sorry, sorry.  I know this is late!  I really tried not to be late, but work was a 12 hour nightmare yesterday, and I didn't even get home until past the time I would normally post.  I was in such a foul mood and so tired I was almost positive I'd make a mistake, so I decided to wait until morning.
"Sherlock!" John protested, but it was in vain as the younger man was already standing up.  John slipped an arm around Sherlock's neck to steady himself.
John let out a breathy laugh and pressed a tender kiss into Sherlock's chest, just above his trembling heart. Maybe he was crazy. Maybe they both were, but John knew he'd already made his decision. It wouldn't be easy, but their relationship never had been easy, in any form. It was worth it though. As long as they were both trying to build something together, it was definitely worth it. "Yeah, but I think we'll only need one."
He might have said it too, if he wasn't so appalled at this heartless, merciless creature in front of him.
Sara frowned at him and tilted her head to one side. "That hasn't been very successful in the past, John. I thought that was why we reduced your hours in the first place."
John glanced up and smiled. "It's no problem, Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock received the advice rather unexpectedly on one of his recent cases." He pointedly refused to look up to the windows of their apartment; it would only spoil his good mood. He'd barely been able to
"You've been different on cases lately," John replied, taking Sherlock's bishop without breaking eye contact. "Despite that fact that their flooding in, you're being picky."
John rested his elbows on the desk, and placed his face in his hands. He was in his room, trying to make some progress on his blog. There was a lull in cases at the moment, but there were plenty of past cases he hadn't written up yet. Perhaps the case of the Wild Goose Chase? The dead body in the locked room? There were more than a few interesting scams Sherlock had unearthed in the last few months...
"Don't nominate me for sainthood anytime soon. At the time I was diagnosed I was so frustrated I threatened to beat my attending with my I.V. pole."
John whirled around, one hand protectively clutching Sherlock, and the other reaching for his gun. He had it drawn and level at the woman who had snuck up behind them before he could think. She was pale, tall, and had dark brown hair piled elegantly on her head. Her red lips parted in a smile that revealed perfect white teeth. "Easy, Dr. Watson, I come in peace." She lifted one hand up in a surrender position. I even come bearing gifts." With a flick of her wrist she flung something just to their left. John thought it might have been a severed head, but he didn't turn to look. He wasn't going to be that easily distracted when Sherlock's life could hang in the balance.
Sherlock glared at him for a moment before turning squarely to face Mr. Brenton. "I'm afraid you'll find this rather costly. You really should have paid a few pounds up front, then you never would've been caught like this."
"I do know, and I'm fine," Sherlock insisted, though his voice sounded weak even to his own ears. He could feel the breaks, but he knew his internals were fine...it must be the poison... what timing.
John was aware of another man slipping onto the stool to his right, but he didn't look up. He was aware of an expensive looking suit in his peripheral vision before a deep, posh voice murmured, "Birthday cake please."
"For a long time, I pitied you," she began, quietly enough so that only he could hear. "A world without love is hardly worth living in."
John chuckled and surprised himself by doing so. It had been a long time since he'd laughed and meant it. Reading that much made him want to press on a bit further.
Sherlock gestured impatiently, and their guest sent a concerned glance in John's direction. "Would it be possible for us to speak, privately? This is a very delicate matter Mr. Holmes, and your companion already knows more than I had intended to reveal."
"Adder?" John asked, leaning forward and tipping his head to one side in confusion. "What does an adder have to do with these medical records? Those births took place decades before you could have been at Uni, unless you're about to tell me that you've mastered the art of time travel."
"I want to request an autopsy," Mr. Morris said quietly, but adamantly. "We need to know what happened."
"Thanks for pushing these through, Mycroft," John said, hefting the documents which declared Sherlock and him to be fit foster parents in one hand.
"Mr. Wallingford has always been very dedicated to the company. His father ran it before him, and his father before that."
Sherlock leaned forward, sliding his phone towards John. "This goes all the way to the top," Sherlock murmured. "I knew it had to be an administrator when you were detained, and that helped narrow the field. I didn't need to look far after that."
There were more hesitation marks, and several scratched out words, as if Alexander had fussed over what to write next. The words that followed however, were written boldly, in a rush, as though he'd decided to relay the truth as quickly as possible.
Another sigh passed Sherlock's lips and he pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, as though that action could strike this undeniable truth from his mind:
"You're the first person that came to mind when I heard how many trauma cases were being routed to us. You don't blink under pressure."
Mycroft's scowl deepened. "I don't have time for your stupid games today, Sherlock. This is important!"
for them not to test the body's DNA. Given the state of the body it was a justifiable test that would only seem slightly superfluous to his superiors, until the results came back. Still, he did not want to seem callous to the concerns of the family. Ilia looked ready to
Sherlock's hand's twitched in John's grasp, but he didn't pull away. He looked up at John through his lashes, not quite daring to lift his head. "You've been the only alpha I've ever been...curious about. But that's never been enough to
John spent the majority of his mid-morning break sat on one of the benches outside the hospital, enjoying his third cup of coffee. He had just tossed his empty cup in the nearby bin and stood to begin making his way back inside, when a familiar figure caught his eye. She was waving and jogging towards him, her sling and cast holding her injured arm close to her body.
Sherlock nodded, gathered his supplies, and followed her. She silently rung up his items and when she was done Sherlock handed over his card, never saying a word back to her. She was chatting softly to him in some vague effort to comfort or console him, and it was infuriating. This irritation was compounded by the fact that he refrained from snapping at the clerk only because John's frequent and varied admonishments about such behavior were ringing in his head.
John winced at the thought of how that last injury would affect Sherlock's violin playing, then silently cursed his own stupidity. He turned the page and skimmed the cataloging of Sherlock's personal items.
John could follow the logic, but he didn't appreciate it. It made him wonder if Sherlock had become so attractive to him because of his innate desire to 'fix' things. John didn't think that was the case, Sherlock's eccentricities had grown on him, more or less. Then again, he never would have thought Sherlock would dismiss him so summarily and completely. That act alone made John question everything he thought he knew about Sherlock. Had John built him up in his head? Had John been that lonely after all his interrupted dates? John hadn't really thought Sherlock would be that cruel, not to him. It made John wonder if he had ever really known his enigmatic flatmate.
John couldn't help but smile. It was a refreshing thought considering Sherlock's tendency to steamroll right through someone regardless of their boundaries. "I know, thank you. I really am fine. There's just…" he hesitated. "There've been a lot of changes in the last month, and I'm still finding my way, I guess."
Greg's fists clenched and he looked pointedly at the wall above Sherlock's head for a count of ten before he replied, "Are you going to abide by the law, or aren't you?"
I would like to offer my sincere thanks to anyone who has commented on, left kudos, subscribed to and/or bookmarked my story; it makes my day to know someone is enjoying what I've written. I hope you enjoy this next installment!
Sherlock made a small non-committal noise, his eyes moving over everything he could see from just inside the foyer. The ceilings were high, arching delicately overhead with intricate molding adornments. The walls were paneled in wood, and the floor was marble. A long staircase rose up from the entrance hall to the second floor. The walls held skillful oil paintings tastefully displayed and lit for viewing. This wasn't so much a home as it was a place of business, but that was often the case for men such as Mr. Wallingford, the only privacy they could expect was in their personal rooms, and even that was limited.
He hadn't counted on the burst pipe, though. With so much activity and people rushing into the building just after he's secured the trade agreement, it hadn't been safe to remove it from his office. Tonight, however, the Gala would stop being a deterrent, instead working in favor of Mr. Jones. After he had made his speeches, and anything else he intended to accomplish, he could sneak back to his office and slip quietly outside without anyone being the wiser. All Sherlock had to do now was catch him in the act.
The transition from slack, lolling muscles, to coiling activity was so rapid that John nearly jumped off the sofa in surprise. "Sherlock!" He cried, trying, and mostly failing, to hold down his suddenly flailing flatmate. "What's wrong?!"
"You're welcome," the stranger replied, flashing a welcoming grin. "Do you want to head there now, or some other time?"
must have observed that he is sleeping with her." Sherlock finally turned his eyes towards Molly, his stare lingering as it moved up her body. "I rather think he would like to add you to his conquests."
The two men stared at each other for a long moment in the silence that followed. Heavy emotions swam behind two sets of eyes. There just wasn't anything else to say.
Marcus smirked and leaned forward, encroaching on John's personal space. "Why? Trying to pick me up, doctor?"
The ex-army doctor shrugged, still grinning. "I'm not sure about that. I'm not even sure I really got under his skin, but it's nice to think so. It would be decent revenge for the constant eyeballs in the microwave."
…but despite his gratitude at the reduced blood borne pathogens risk… he did miss it, and everything else about Sherlock.
"Am I meant to believe that you own something other than that Shitzu?" Sherlock asked, half chuckling with the absurdity of a Shitzu charging at them.
Sherlock sat up and tilted his head to one side, still observing John. "You really believe all this nonsense about second chances, and being nice to your fellow man, don't you?"
Glancing up, John saw that Charing Cross was fast approaching. He squared his shoulders and marched inside. He nodded to Susan at the intake desk, and turned the corner towards the administrative offices without breaking stride. Eric, his supervisor, had the third office on the left. John knocked and was mildly surprised to hear an energetic, "Come in! The door's open!"
The apartment complex was a plain gray structure with very little decoration. It was surrounded by a chain link fence that was secured with a padlock and several "under construction" and "no trespassing" signs were posted at regular intervals along the fence. Even under the gray overcast typical of London weather, the place looked foreboding.
When John finally came up for air, it was almost four in the morning. There had been more than one hairy moment, but in the end every last person had been triaged. More cases would come in, they always did, but it seemed as though the worst was over.
the blissful, dead-to-the-world sleeps he used to enjoy after a closed case…but those were things of the past now.
Greg shook his head in disbelief. "It's very lucky for Miss. Reynolds that someone did; she'd have died without you, you know."
Warm hands picked up his own and began, gently, to clean them. He'd suffered some minor abrasions in the slide down the side of the building, but that hadn't been important at the time; speed had been paramount. The firm, but gentle fingers pressed a sanitizing solution into his skin that burned where the skin had broken. A cool damp cloth was run carefully and deliberately over each hand, and between the fingers. Whoever was tending to him was thorough. The hands left for a moment, then returned with a soft, dry cloth, pressing insistently into his skin to soak up the excess moisture. This was followed by the gentle application of an ointment, probably a antibiotic ointment, that drain pipe
They circled the edge of the room, peering at the machines. John couldn't make much sense of them, but he kept his eyes peeled. Even now he trusted Sherlock's detective skills implicitly.
"What is it?" John asked, stepping forward. He'd finally managed to make himself look about the room again, only to find Sherlock focusing intently on the book he was holding. "What have you found?"
John stood and started to pace. He managed to keep his feet under him, but only barely. His mind was mired in the possible situations Alexander could've landed himself in. He'd been the only friend John had (sort of) made in the last three years...
Marcus's breath was coming in ragged pants, his head was thrown back into the mattress, Marcus let out a long, low moan, and his movements became unsteady as pleasure ripped through him. John watched Marcus's face contort and long white ropes paint their chests before he cursed softly, pressing hard into Marcus as his own orgasm was pulled from him. They slumped against each other, breathing hard.
Forcing his mind back to the task at hand, John wrote a check for the correct amount and handed it to Nikki.
Greg was waiting at their usual table, by the window, a little way away from the most crowded section of the pub. He smiled and waved when he saw John enter the building, then he frowned. When John sat down across from him, Greg said, "You alright, mate? You look like you're ready to fight."
When specifics surrounding Mr. Wallingford failed, Sherlock broadened his queries. He brought up death records for the last several months and compared them. There was a slight upward trend in hospital deaths, but nothing drastic, nothing truly out of the ordinary. There was no pattern in time, gender, age, or cause of death.
Sherlock nodded, "Exactly. She ate the meat then, after disposing it in the outside bin, and went immediately into the garden to further satisfy her craving. The ground around your Hydrangea shrubs was slightly disturbed and shows evidence of being contaminated with blood, indicating that she didn't even wash her hands first. "
Sherlock pushed back from the desk with an angry shove. He didn't like losing ground like this, especially not to
Mary shrugged. "Not really, just from time to time. I enjoy the art form, but for me it's mostly about the story." A smile bloomed on her face and her eyes grew wistful. "It was always so much fun to take Sean, he was really invested in stories. It didn't matter if they were factual or fictional, he always wanted to see the right thing done. One time, I saw him throw a book across a room because one of the main characters had just been unjustly tortured and he couldn't stand the injustice."
"Jesus," John muttered, holding his face in his hands. All he'd tried to do was piece his life together, and he'd unwittingly stepped right back into madness. There was no way he could return to Charing Cross now...
"Dr. Hutchison," Mary sighed in exasperation. "She's a skilled doctor and she seemed to be a lovely person with good boundaries at first, but now… Every time I turn around I see or hear her whispering to Sarah about this staff member or that one. I only caught small snippets of their conversation but it seems like every time someone so much as glances at her, she takes offence!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes at John's defiant attitude. "Victor Trevor, although that information is entirely irrelevant.
Sherlock nodded. "Good call." He turned his gaze to the door and the guards unlocked it for him. "Thank you for your help, gentlemen," Sherlock murmured as he slipped inside the patients room. The overhead lights were off, but he didn't attempt to turn them on. He could see the gaunt patient crouched on the cot pressed into the far right wall clearly enough, and if the orderlies ended up rushing in here to subdue the patient the dim light would add to their confusion and buy Sherlock more time to act.
Sherlock's eyes locked with Mary's, and he was surprised by what he read there. She was behind John, clearly showing her allegiance, but her eyes were sad, a sadness directed towards
John's connection with Alexander was only tenuous, or at least it should be. Still, the idea of it growing cold and silent made John shudder and push the thought away. It was true that when John gave his loyalty, he gave it completely. Some part of him wondered if Mycroft's earlier admonishments held weight. Did he give his own loyalty
"John," Mary cautioned, walking towards him, "We are breaking several laws at the moment. I would advise against yelling."
Mary's smile winded a little. "If course you do. You wouldn't be trying to help him or worrying about him like this if you didn't; you'd steer him in another direction altogether." Mary paused to lift the spoon to her lips and taste the sauce before she resumed stirring. "You like to fix things."
Mrs. Wallingford reached out her arm and opened her mouth, but before she could calm her son, Sherlock gestured out the open sitting room door. "Then you will have no objections to being questioned next."
Bryan huffed in irritation and strode out of the room at a pace that was almost a jog. Sherlock, unperturbed, closed the sitting room door. Bryan had halted a few paces from the door, but he had not turned to face Sherlock, and his whole body was rigid. Sherlock strolled past him at a deliberately slow pace. Only when he had reached the door of the room set aside for them and opened it did Sherlock hear Bryan's rapid footsteps. Bryan was fit and long legged so he nearly brushed past Sherlock as they entered the room, despite his silent protest of remaining by the sitting room until the last possible moment.
"We found it wedged inside the flue at the burned remains of Mr. McAndrew's former house," Sherlock explained, leaning forward so that his elbows rested on his knees. His eyes tracked Miss. William's movements avidly, waiting for the dawning horror he knew would come to her delicate features, if she had any sense that was.
John rolled his eyes. "Ah, yes. Other people suffering is so tedious. Whatever shall we do about it?" His sarcasm, however, fell on deaf ears. John watched as Sherlock studied the stains under his microscope. After a moment he used delicate tweezers to pluck particulate matter from the fabric, then put
It was everything John could do to keep himself from running as he walked up the front steps of the Edelweiss Recovery Center. It was larger than he'd thought, much larger, but the layout still made things feel homey and secure. For the most part, the beauty of the place was lost on him, and that was probably a good thing. He'd spied the edge of the rose gardens in the cab and his stomach had lurched sickeningly. It was those very roses which had brought Harry here...
John rolled his eyes and leaned forward, his chest pressing against Sherlock's legs, which were still drawn up, until he could press a short sharp kiss onto his cupid's bow lips. When he pulled back, it was only far enough to murmur, "I'm
Greg nodded. "He'll still surprise you in a year, trust me. Maybe even in a decade." John groaned internally and followed Greg and Sherlock out the door.
"It you don't pay attention to the traffic signs, you'll never make it to Switzerland alive," Sherlock noted, calmly observing the sea of traffic moving in front of them. John had nearly blundered into it because they didn't have the walk sign yet.
