“Nah.” Stark shrugged, “Well, I'm almost sure that Fury found out with his ways and Natasha isn't one who can be fooled. And Banner…” Between one lick and another of ice cream Stark took on a thoughtful expression, “Frankly I'm happy that when he pulls out the Hulk I always have the armor on, ‘cause I think that the beast can feel it.”
Steve growled.
The elevator door
The first thing Steve notices is the smell.
“This is exactly what I was trying to inform you about, sir.”
"Choose one from these three weapons."
Then Mrs. Barton came to ask him to take a look at the tractor. Tony leave Steve and followed her knowing that the tension between them was far from subsided. But he can’t do more than that, he just can’t. They were acting again as a human shield between the Earth and a threat of apocalyptic proportions, and this time its all Tony’s fault. He held himself up with nails and teeth, in constant struggle to keep up with himself, and now also in struggle to keep up with the very person he was falling in love with.
Steve handed the empty cup to a mechanical arm and sank back into the cushions.
Tony has a pretty intense social life, sometimes he just wants to be left alone. Usually people close to him understand and accept this. Happy is the latest in a series of chauffeurs he fired for being too nosy; then he found The One, someone who knew how to stay in his place while getting when the time was right to take him for a double cheeseburger. Rhodey knows ‒ and thank God he tolerates too ‒ Tony’s mood swings, which lead him to compulsively search for him after weeks in which he may be ignored. Pepper is just a saint.
!” Steve interrupted him immediately, “Don't you dare to quote
Tony glances at the sketchbook and then snatches it quickly, as if Steve hadn't left it there on purpose. He put some distance walking backwards, the sketchbook open in his hands, an astonished gaze traveling between Steve and the drawn sheets.
So, every time Tony saw Steve show up with grocery bags and an improbable recipe – oh, what a mistake it had been to introduce him to cooking competitions! – and it was all so dangerously
Afraid to startle him, he slipped slowly under the covers, and tried to settle in the bed without taking too much space with his massive size. Said space didn't have to be a problem for Tony, because a moment later he had cut a perfect corner for himself under Steve’s arm, limbs wrapped over him, and face tucked under his neck. Steve let him settle on him whatever he wanted, unsure if he was allowed to touch him back.
"Thank you."
Tony held out a hand and Steve took it and they simply stayed like this for a long moment. Steve purring and stroking his palm with his thumb, Tony trying to regain a normal breath and relaxing his tensed muscles.
Every single hair on his body stood in anticipation.
he could find – and jeopardizing his already weak health taking those chemical crap. Thank goodness medical science had made progress and now an Omega could choose without
“Deactivate the hormonal implant by myself, while I'm already starting a stress induced heat?” He said faking his usual wit, “Absolutely not. But if I don't do these things, who would?”
“It was the forties, Tony.” He pointed out.
And it had worked,
“Would you have done it? Go to someone and say straight to them you constantly see flowers sprouting from their hair? Damn, Tony, I thought I was going insane!"
Steve looked lost as he nodded silently and followed him. Tony shook his head in disbelief: they had a marathon of all
that he wasn't used to doing so much anymore. Moreover, physical activities that, when performed with a super-soldier with super-stamina ‒ and super-
him – like that.
So here’s Tony, in all his glorious and annoying incoherence. Whether you like him or not, that's how he is. At least this way it's easier, he thinks. It’s not like other people are choosing not to love him, it’s that
"Stop thinking." Steve grubles.
Steve was forced to apply a filter between what he really thought and feel, and what he said or did, because his inner Alpha
Steve did not hold back a smile: “I guessed it.”
. They wandered around each other, trying hard not to be too obvious, ignoring the urge to look, to nose, to touch. From the outside it had to be ridiculous, if not downright obvious. Suggestions had come to ‘find a room’ – Steve just blushed, while Tony's response was usually a middle finger, and he really didn't have the nerve to scold him.
the physiological implications of his sub-gender. His father, social pressure, his job. Okay, there was more than one reason. But
“Do you have such a low opinion of me?”
. Tony took advantage of his shock to duck and slip away from under Steve arm, giving him a playful spank before running away.
The words derail. They haven't said
“Steve.” He sighed, finally looking up at him.
And it was of little importance that at that moment Tony wished with every fiber of his being that a certain impulsive, intrusive not-so-knot-head entered through that door and pollute that room. Possibly, that would also pollute
Tony's petulance is countered with old fashioned flirtation. He’s so screwed.
high concentration
"Why?"
preferred
“I should go.” He said instead.
the team.” Tony corrected him, “Isn't that the mission? Isn't that the ‘why’ we fight, so we can
Shocked, Tony recessed himself between the cushions, as if the compliment had hit him in the face.
. Because, come on, he doesn't believe it either. And why risk it, anyway? They managed to build a good friendship, after all. Things are going okay, aren't they? What more does he wants?
“No.” Steve recalled about the events that followed the serum treatment, “Howard lobbied to continue the experimentation, he was one of the few.”
! Of all the people!”
"What are you up to today? Something new to draw?"
With him, Steve had never used his Alpha voice, he had never snap feral, he had never snarled – or worse. As their relationship evolved, Steve had never let his sub-genre prevail.
Stark stuck his hands in his pockets and greeted him. Just like he showed there, he was about to leave with the same studied nonchalance. Steve watched him go. It was clear that all of this wasn’t easy for Stark as much it wasn’t for him.
Tony's gaze falls on his mouth. And Steve has time to catch the scent of roses and forget-me-not before closing the distance between them. Tony is
But Tony knew, as a matter of fact, that all the good things have to end. They had to save the world, as Steve reminded him. Ugh, such a waste of time...
reaction. Not even Steve. So, with a bit of astonishment, it turned out that even an Omega could be frightening when he wanted. Especially if it was covered with a lethal armor capable of making scorched earth around them within a radius of a few miles.
Tony blinked at the end credits that ran across the screen. The brownie was gone: only crumbs left all over his dirty t-shirt. Steve was looking at him from the other side of the sofa, where they had slowly slipped, ending with entwine their legs in the middle. He spoked with a slow, soft voice, and his expression was openly curious. As if he already
Well, eventually it turned out that
What an infamous
! Don't come near! Don’t you ever
“J.A.R.V.I.S. you heard Mr. Rogers.” He cleared his throat and casually stretched his legs up to touch Steve's feet, “Orange and cinnamon.”
Leather, resin and
Steve knows that any choice he makes will be risky. But he also knows that making a choice without first considering all the possibilities is a leap in the dark. And he wouldn't be a good strategist if he didn't carefully consider everything before making a decision.
had known the man for less than a month and
was always like that with
What remained between Tony's armor and his heart, that seemingly unbridgeable void, he had tried to fill it in many ways. With success, with money, with sex, with alcohol. But they had always been ephemeral, temporary fillers.
As he tried to object, Tony’s face showed a slew of different emotions
For this he understood Pepper's request, but he also understood Tony's refusal. Giving up the reactor was too much, at least for now. The same reactor that he had built while in captivity, with makeshift materials, and that had managed not only to keep him alive but even to give him freedom.
Tony’s breath falters, his eyes going wide. The succession of flowers blooming and fading in his hair is too chaotic to keep up with.
"Spell the names of all the Howling Commandos."
“Yes.” He said, but it sounded uncertain.
After the serum he had noticed how his olfact had increased, as well all the other senses, but it had not been an epochal change. Now, in 2012, surrounded by people constantly on drugs, this put him in an uncomfortable position. As reserved and honest as he was, Steve didn't care in the least to discover the secrets of the people around him.
Steve shook his head: “No. They had no idea.”
Curiosity infiltrated Stark's smell. It was not a new nuance: after all he was a scientist, he was curious by nature towards everything he found somehow interesting. However, Steve had never felt his interest facing him. He had never even remotely thought that Tony Stark could be even vaguely intrigued by him.
But then Steve takes a step forward, blue eyes glued on Tony’s like he usually looks at his enemy target. Except this time there’s a fondness in those eyes, so bright and deep Tony has to remember himself how to breathe. And then they are kissing under the shield, the vibranium hiding them from the curious looks from the rest of the team. But not from the cheering and the whistling and the laughing.
, but
“Tony?” Ventured Steve, trying to get off the ground, “It's just the rescue team. S.H.I.E.L.D., remember?”
in 1943, convinced that he was sacrificing himself for his
Again, Steve swallowed back his Alpha's urges and fulfilled his request. Backpedaling one step at a time, without being able to stop looking at him, he moved away. Their arms stretched to the impossible in order to prolong that last contact. Finally he picked up the bag and left the room, leaving his Omega alone – for the last time, he swore to himself.
Tony took another sip and looked at him critically. Citrus, cinnamon and, in perfect synchrony with the relaxing of his body,
He cleared his throat, trying to lift his voice from the depth where had fallen.
Steve didn't want to eavesdrop. He had only gone into the kitchen for a glass of water, finding Tony there was a surprise. Though in retrospect it shouldn't have been, knowing his unhealthy habits. And Steve wanted to greet him, for real. That wouldn't be the first time they met in the kitchen at an ungodly hour of night, Tony still awake for some kind of project and Steve sleepless because of a nightmare.
Since the day he
On mission the news always came deferred. Partly because for security reasons they often were left out of communication systems, and partly because it was counterproductive to receive certain news when it was necessary to focus on the goal. Steve understood it, for real. He had been in the army, he fought during the war, he fully understood the whys. Yet he was
Whatever. They kissed and kissed and
it was even worse. He felt a miserable version of himself: hypersensitive and ultra-receptive, ready to withdraw hissing
’s movies between Thanksgiving and New Year Eve, he
Because it was the right thing to say.
together? ‘
Tony greets him with the usual bright smile, and the usual sunflowers blooming in his hair. Then he brings his attention back to his work and the sunflowers recede, making room for the comings and goings of multicolored blossoms that weave in his hair when he's working on something. Steve is used to it by now, but he’ll never stop liking it. He will never stop being amazed.
That’s the super-soldier behind him. He's waking up and Tony would like to turn around to look at him, because he suspects that Steve Rogers with a morning beard and bed hair must be that kind of stuff that tempts a nun. But Tony is also very aware of the fact that this is the 'day after', and he has never been good at managing the 'day after'.
Tony swallowed a mouthful of saliva.
was devastating
ow disconcerting!
looks satisfied.
. It’s one among quite a few things about that man that confuses Steve when he meets him, and it certainly doesn’t help to get their relationship off to a good start.
“Even if you don’t agree with me, you never tried to stop me.”
Tony's acceptance of his behavior was something that exceeded the expectations of both of them. It would not have been easy to come to terms with it. It would not have been easy to understand all the possible implications.
Steve lowered the barbell and raised his torso, sitting on the training bench. Obviously this moment had to come, but frankly he thought that Tony would choose a different situation.
it was worth it –
No surprise that their first meeting had gone so badly.
Steve didn't said nothing, but growled softly and stared at him with a look that was probably intended to be reproaching. It had quite another effect on Tony.
for emergencies
The air between them smells of wild flowers. Steve looks up to admire the buds and Tony closes his eyes as he brushes the petals with his fingers.
“Very well.”
"The nymphs from Greek mythology?"
When Tony turned five, Howard judged him old enough to say goodbye to the nanny he grew up with, and replaced her with a governess chosen specifically by him. Obviously she was an Alpha.
the Omega. Tony's face in his hands, his lips on his.
“I know you have expectations.” Tony said, pretending a firmness that he just did not feel, “I mean, don't get me wrong, after what happened to the Bartons
the man.
And he inside it, waiting you – waiting
The litany of heartbreaking pleads ceased slowly, accompanied by sobs and light whine. Tony was calming down, his conscience re-emerging from the nightmare’s twists, but the process was long and painful. Steve's inner Alpha was pawing, but he kept it at bay: he wished he could have done more, but he knew that any move would only cause Tony to panic.
. And the last thing he needed
He runs his fingers through Tony’s hair, scattering the multicolored blossoms.
He believed that if he thought about it, if he gave all this a real and tangible dimension, it would be too risky. Things like that – so beautiful and perfect in their artlessness – aren't made to last. Sooner or later they end. So isn't it better to relegate them to the dreamlike dimension? Sure, when you wake up from a beautiful dream you are unhappy, but only for a little while. Because after all you can tell yourself: it was just a dream.
Steve blinked a confused look.
“It was one of the reasons they closed Project Rebirth.”
to get
It was
“I don't know what you all think, but this jewel is not indestructible.” He said as the plates closed around his legs, “I mean, I’d like to think it too, but hey, let’s be real, this is nothing more than titanium. You survived an airplane crash and woke up like you just took a nap, so…”
“How are you?”
Helen buzzes around him, reading indecipherable data on the monitors and writing notes on her tablet. Her focused gaze doesn't reveal anything. She eventually sends him home, telling him to come back the following Monday. She has to process the results.
Tony is not blushing like a little girl under the gaze of her crush who’s asking her to the prom.
under him was moving, breathing on his hair. Tony felt a hand wrapping around his, the other slipping under the edge of the t-shirt and spreading in the middle of his back, pressing gently in a gesture he knew so well.
The third thing Steve notices happens after so long that in the meantime he has almost forgotten about everything.
“Yes, JARVIS. I'd rather continue this conversation privately.”
“I don't care about you the way Rhodey does.”
. So much so that his state of health could worsen more than that: at that point he
a gawky teenager, not even when he was a
It was like a punch in the stomach. Tony sucked in the air and finally looked at him,
"Have you ever heard about dryads?"
it had failed miserably. He had never been good at
“I said it's okay.”
Citrus and cinnamon tinged with
"The Battle of New York, after you fell from the wormhole."
"FRIDAY, call Platypus."
Over time, even this subtle interaction between them became part of the mission routine, leaving any discomfort or embarrassment behind. Just as, without even realizing it, somewhere between one mission and another they had left behind “Rogers” and “Stark” to make room for “Steve” and “Tony”. Until they found themselves relax at the point they could even joke about it.
“Steve…” Panted Tony.
Around them the rescue team was
smell. Impossible not to grasp the note of concern. And how
Steve told himself that it had been lucky then that he had not found it.
stereotype that he so despised, unable to see beyond the biological limits and standards imposed by society. His mother knew he was more than that, he saw beyond the “Omega” label and the preconceptions that Howard's generation carried with them.
In the semi darkness of the kitchen he opens the fridge, squinting his tired eyes against the light. He stares at the food as if it could give him an answer. He takes out the peanut butter and clears his throat to set the voice.
“Look, I know we don't have a good record. We probably started off on the wrong foot-”
Oh man, how could he always understand the opposite of what Steve meant? How he could end up to a ferocious self deprecation
pheromones. Feeling like a deer caught in the middle of a road, he propped himself up to raise his torso and his pelvis slid back and,
Steve swallowed a mouthful he was struggling to chew.
“Ridiculously gorgeous.”
the diaphragm, t
Tony shut his mouth and stares at him, his chin raised defiantly, the air now full of amaryllis scent. 'Let's see if you really do it' those eyes seem to say, 'Let's see if you dare to say it'.
“Well.” Stark let out a sigh, “For Tesla's soul, I need something stronger than ice cream now.”
Steve waits for that Monday as back in the 40s, when he was waiting for some test that would have confirmed his health was doomed. Maybe the serum worked on his body, but was the mind lost as a counterweight? Or maybe those seventy years stuck in ice damaged his brain?
hat he didn't know were the risks of
The palm of his hand slid across a broad chest and over a muscular shoulder, found warm skin that throbbed under his fingers and rested there. Under him resounded a deep, soft approval grumbling. It penetrated in his bones and went straight to his morning wood.
, and Bruce – bless him – taken by to second-hand embarrassment, tried in vain to divert the conversation; but Tony, well, he was
"What else about you tastes like honeysuckle?"
Tony knew he wasn't acting lucidly, but there was no way to break that chain. Attack or escape? He had chosen attack. He had to defend himself and the people he loved: it was his responsibility. It didn't matter if Ultron's disaster was born out exactly of this, out of his control craze and his fear of seeing the people he loves die – Tony wouldn't stop at anything to save everyone.
Tony became fully aware of it in Johannesburg, when the little witch from Sokovia had started playing with their minds. The terror inflicted by those hallucinations peaked at the sight of the Captain America's broken shield, of Steve dying under his eyes, and Tony burdened by total impotence.
That confession comes unexpected. Steve sucks in the air in surprise and looks at him with wide eyes. Acacia blossoms mingle with peonies and Steve is out of breath.
worse.
“Hey hey! Shhh… calm dow, big boy.”
Tony Stark had never slept with an Alpha, and then woke up with him –
"I’m not
“You really don't need anything else?”
accident and that unhealthy game died between the sheets of the car, without Tony and his father ever being able to reconcile. The damage was done and Tony couldn't even
his attention on Fury. There was nothing that could freak him out like an Omega in anguish. But Stark was officially a Beta and
Tony wonders what’s going through his blond, charming head when he stays down there with him, drawing under the artificial lights of the lab. He just seems totally out of place. And Tony is objective enough to think he's damn boring while he works. Boring and gruffy and wild. Anyhow, certainly nothing fascinating. Nothing worth staying indoors for hours, surrounded by cables and computers and Tony's constant muttering to himself. For God's sake, someone like Steve is made to be outside, in the open air, under the sun. He gets claustrophobic to see a big boy like him locked up down there.
to catch that quote.
He let his own smell speak for himself. Tony sniffed the air between them and let out a sigh.
From there to find himself in front of Tony's nest-room, the step had been surprisingly short. Tony had mumbled something about the need to nest for at least forty-eight hours to recover from the fright Steve gave him. And Steve's comment about he missed that part of being Omega, well, he said that light hearted, really. But as usual, Tony had caught it his way.
Now, what was weird about sharing a dinner with a friend and team-mate? Nothing, of course. Nothing at all.
Tony was looking at him now, and he realize that it no longer mattered that he was an Alpha. Or maybe he did, but it was a whole other kind of matter.
“Thanks for your trust.”
around his body, s
Tony grabbed the sack and turned on the propulsers.
at least
Somehow Steve came back functional, even though he no longer had the gut to wrestle with food. Which, in Tony’s opinion, it was a shame. Anyway, after two hours, in a kitchen in which it seemed had exploded a bomb, they managed to pull out from the oven what were
“I can't allow the rest of the world to know.”
stress by annihilating every type of chemical cocktail with which he tried to put a brake on his hormones.
“You know, whatever happened this morning, it was-”
“And you had the brilliant idea of provoking it in a man with lethal armor.”
“Good Lord, don't send me all those notes again!” Tony sighed out in frustration, "Flowers are okay. Breakfasts are
. Steve stared at him from the other side of the nest, with a satisfied smile on that stupidly handsome face.
“That they pumped me out of serum. Now I can be stupid and impulsive without having to worry too much about killing myself in the process.”
made its way into Tony's smell.
have expectations... But-”
“We're in the fire zone.” He pointed out, but Tony ignored him.
e raised his hands in surrender “Now I can't. okay? I appreciate the effort, really,
anic began to meander in his veins, reach
When Steve disappeared into the kitchen with the leftovers, and returned with a brownie for him and and fond smile, Tony found himself plunging in that feeling as if he had been born inside it.
punctually placed
"Steve‒"
change in his smell whenever they were so close and sweaty. Well,
"No?"
disturbing was!
In the silence of the room Tony heard the dull noise of the sheets: the
Now his voice was soft, oh, so soft. Tony would have liked to drown in it.
“That’s okay. We wanted different things.” Tony shrugged. “She wanted something I couldn't give her. Not yet.”
But Tony added nothing and, predictably, Steve stared at him all confused.
“…sure…”
When Tony sighed contentedly and relaxed against him, purring loudly and dropping down into sleep, Steve felt his inner Alpha relax too. He hugged Tony carefully and inhaled his smell: orange, cinnamon and
other Avengers, Tony already felt the blood crackle under
His hand slid away and Tony shivered.
Nobody had ever set foot there, not even the cleaners. Being his sub-genre a secret, Tony had included that particular romm in the Tower project making sure that no one knew about it. It had been built by his robots and they always managed it.
was Iron Man. But more than anything,
Tony closed his eyes and pursed his lips, praying that the
“Tony, I see flowers in your hair. And I'm just happy I'm not crazy. "
. As he broke a log with his bare hands, Steve's eyes flashed red and Tony froze on the spot.
Tony really wanted to play that part well, but he resoundingly failed in front of the semi-feral Alpha which bore the name of Steve Rogers and the uniform of Captain America.
And seriously, it was paradoxical and completely insane. Because Tony had spent his whole life pretending to be Beta and dodging the Alpha as if his life depended on it, and now he was working side by side with one of them and joking with him, being able to show a side of himself that he had show to nobody. Not even to Pepper.
Steve smiles to himself as he joins him. Tony throws at him those kinds of flirty jokes all the time. After last night they have taken on a whole other meaning.
“Good morning.” He replied politely.
“That would affect the team.” Steve replied.
“Back in my day I had to endure Alpha like me all the time.” He growled in frustration, “The only good thing of being frozen for sixty years, is the fact that behaviors like that are no longer socially accepted today.”
’s style. He was pretty sure he’s smelling a bit thrilled.
Steve looked at him, sensing his thoughts.
. Steve let himself be lulled by the feeling of perfection that that moment radiated, with Tony sleeping confidently in his arms. And for a moment, while falling asleep in turn, he didn’t think about the past or the future, only about that moment and how much he wished it would last forever.
Back in his day, when Steve was nothing more than a skinny, sick Omega that no Alpha would find worthy of a glance, the courtship rules were quite clear and simple. It all started with a gift: an Alpha who wished to court an Omega had to give them something that had their smell on it. If the Omega accepted the gift, it was a clear signal of interest, so the courtship could begin.
The words had come out harder than he would have liked. Habit, probably.
“See, this is where the heroes fall.” He then declaimed grabbing his wrist, “Those like you.” He specify as he brought his fingers to his mouth and, oh, how the tables had turned, huh?
, protecting
It was not enough – it would
Steve’s voice wants so badly to be sure but in reality it falters. And Tony smiles: it’s nice to feel like he can read so clearly his emotions too, sometimes.
it had become a fucking endless nightmare.
him, like a little needy clingy Omega – and found him in
"Oh, that’s‒!" Tony's gaze snaps on him, his cheek burning red, "You're not the one who has his emotions in plain sight under the eyes of your crush!"
He had looked at him without understand, and Steve moved nervously in the nest-room doorway.
“You know what is really extraordinary?”
on the hangar. Tony opened his mouth and took a deep breath of the cold metallic air.
“Yeah.”
When the last civilian was evacuated from Sokovia's ruins, Steve jumped on one of the S.H.I.E.L.D.'s shuttles and had to helpless watch the apocalypse unfolding beneath them. Tony was there –
“Tony, it's just a nightmare… just-”
Relaxed. Serene. Unperturbed.
self-perception,
“And you say you’re my best friend?! Shame on you!"
“And the plural is mere rhetoric, I hope.”
Steve straightened up immediately. That was the first time Tony had called him that without joking, the first time he had really called him as an Alpha, who needed him in
“Right after Afghanistan. You know, all the stress and… well, it sucked and I somatized that way.”
Because words were no longer enough. So, without making too much resistance, they were finding themselves responding to each other's call. In a world where everything was regulated by the smell and the language through it, society had chosen to repress that resource, and the two of them were not in a position to change the rules. But in that dance they had chosen to make their own rules.
his damned standards. He wouldn’t
, for Steve there was nothing but that smile.
“Can you keep a secret?” He told him, with sparkling eyes and his lower lip clenched between his teeth. And Steve knew very well that when Tony had that attitude, he would never be able to deny him anything. Less than he could have done now.
“My comparison was between you and my pre-serum version of rachitic, asthmatic, hypertensive, anemic, and in general suffering from chronic diseases Omega. I was certainly not as desirable as Omega. While
Tony eats a spoonful and sighs, leaning against the kitchen counter.
Steve shrugged: “Okay?”
smaller, less dangerous.
They both knew what Tony would need, but with those premises neither of them would have dared to do anything. He put the device back in its drawer and leaned wearily against the wall, rubbing his eyes. He felt drained, he just wanted to curl up in a ball and sleep for days – possibly on Steve's lap.
"What are you working on?"
“Yup?” Tony didn’t seem willing of lowering his arms, holding them under his blaster, “No, I mean, I don't know them, do I? Get off the helmets, would you?”
She pushes him with her hip: “Did you slept
Alpha, because it was quite clear that Stark did not want any Alpha around.
“Yes.” He heard himself say.
The adrenaline is high, but not so much as to imagine asphodels in Tony's hair.
credit,
Later that evening, while the kitchen was crowded and loud inside, Tony saw Steve heading for the porch. He slipped out too. The nigh was clear and nice, with the crickets singing and the stars so evident without the air pollution. But Tony wasn’t there to enjoy the bucolic atmosphere.
how gorgeous it is.”
"Tony?" he tilts his head to catch his eyes, "Who can see it?"
“Are you alright?” Steve usually asked when they were far from prying ears.
“No, let me finish. That's the whole point: I may be Iron Man, but he's literally a war hero. Why in the name of God he's hitting on me?! We have nothing in common ⎼ nothing! Not a single fucking thing. We fight over
was about to close when a hand blocked
The effort they had to make to break out from the mist of pheromones and emerge out that bed was unimaginable.
worried about him.
“Yeah, well, I guess my father was among those who voted against.” He said with resentment.
while the plates of the armor arranged
, but he never focused on
, and
Steve swallowed: this was a pretty clear answer.
, he moves again around the workstation. He seems so wary, almost like a wild animal approaching. Steve forces himself to stay still, too scared of making him run away again to make even the slightest movement.
cross the threshold of the eardrums and reach the brain.
Steve frowns at him, though he’s smiling too.
So Tony
Broadly speaking, things went always like this. There was some mission at the end of the world and a small group of them were sent to risk the neck bone, they came back dented but alive and in serious sleep deprivation. By tacit agreement, during the work Rogers was impeccable, they both are – and Tony would not have been able to say if he had to thank the air filters of his armor or the admirable self-control of Rogers or both – probably both. But for sure he would never have denied that in the battlefield the two of them worked perfectly.
Steve remembers his summer as a child, warm evenings under the gold sky, stealing the flowers from the hedges of rich people’s houses, pulling out the pistil full of sweet nectar and sucking it.
Tony eats another spoonful and then leaves the spoon in the sink, puts the jar back in the fridge. When he gets out of the kitchen, the room smells of heather. And he doesn't notice Steve.
life wiped out in what had been
“You don't have to‒ God. Nobody,
suppress
He’s staring at Tony, now, and at the multicolored carnation show he is putting on, while his gaze travels between the sketchbook and Steve and then back to the sketchbook.
in the face of the overwhelming evidence of his extraordinary successes.
“A-alpha?”
's not that he missed his father's expectations. If he wanted, Tony could have been
"On me? It’s on me?! Fuck no! Now you're gonna‒" Tony presses a shaking hand to his mouth, lavender suffocating the yarrow, brambles still there, "You're gonna tell me how long you have known."
He moved his head and his cheek rubbed against cotton cloth smelling of leather and resin and
“No!” He blurted with a shiver down his back, “Jesus, no. We grew up together, we… I could never have–”
“I don't want... that's not how I want it to happen, okay? Not with a false heat.”
Steve hadn't asked himself those questions when he signed
Mmmh… Tony had to tell Clint to change the mattress. That bed was far too uncomfortable. Too tight and too warm and too hard. Funny thing: despite all this Tony felt like he just had the best sleep of his life.
copy of
“Those are Thor's personal stock.”
– awareness that
“Well, I guess there's no kind way to say it, so…” He straightened his shoulders, “I don't want to share this heat with you.”
and try to eat.
. Hello. Look, I might as well be wrong, I'm not perfect even though I look, but... uh... I get this vibe from you? And maybe‒ maybe‒"
Under the table, Tony's bare feet were rubbing against his.
The umpteenth S.H.I.E.L.D. agent stopped him in the corridors to warn him that Captain America was looking for him. Like Tony need to know it. He already knew it, of course, thank you very much. You couldn't develop a massive crush over a super-soldier without feeling the same imperious drive and – fuck biology – Tony should have expected it, but frankly he didn't believe it could ever be so strong. He could not have imagined it.
“Watch your head, big boy.” Warned him by moving his clothes and talking in a burst, “Yes, I know, it says a lot that I chose a
Patience paid off when, mixed with despair, a hint of
Alpha.
Six months. Then, if he doesn't come up with anything, he'll go back to Helen.
“Are you trying to
. And what was this S.H.I.E.L.D. thing to hire so many Alphas? It was a fucking mystery. They were impulsive, intrusive knot-heads that pollute with their mephitic pheromones wherever they set foot.
Leather, resin and a vivid, obscene wave of
“You think?” Steve frowned, “Do you believe he wanted to carry on the research in that sense?”
There was a precise reason if Tony
It lasts as long as the blink of an eye. Stark wakes up with a start and‒ his hair with him?
doctor
armor. He was
been under
“J.A.R.V.I.S. where is mister Stark?”
“Just to know,” Steve took a sip of water while resting on the tatami, “Since when have you been so protective of your Marks?”
Steve nodded: “A false heat.”
had managed to do something good, and that he could continue to do it. The price to pay was no longer his health –
Tony closes the sketchbook and slams it on the table.
Steve realizes that she’s right. He also realizes that in such a world, with all what he represents and the unknowns that his life holds, relying on a psychologist could be a risky move.
. I know what it's like to face
Steve smiles at him knowingly and Tony just wants to wipe that smug expression off his face with a punch, though he thinks that he’d just dislodge his wrist. On the other hand, Steve's hand has slipped on his ass and now he's fondly squeezing a cheek. Tony remembers very well what those hands did a few hours earlier in the same area of his body, and that doesn't help him at all.
"It doesn't have to be me."
Steve turned stiffly: “Old man?”
"Okay, what's going on?"
. That smell gave Tony a lazy contentment. A feeling that perhaps he had sometimes felt as a child, when they allowed him to sleep late during the summer holidays.
“What taste do you want it?” Asked him, “I have all the aromas on the market and also some still to be patented-”
Tony took out some packet from the bags.
Tony fell silent, red in the face. Orange, cinnamon and
“Okay.” He said in a small voice.
Slowly, the soldiers took off their helmets to show their faces. Steve watched Iron Man's head move to probe the group: surely Tony was asking J.A.R.V.I.S. to scan them from hairs to toes.
paid, right?"
“Thank you?” Mumbled, “I mean, I’m certainly not the epitome of the Omega. In fact, that’s why I can easily pass for a Beta. I'm far from society's aesthetic dictates.”
and everything else, as
the last to pretend to be a different sub-genre.
Fury's words could
Tony lowered his head and raised a hand. Steve was a good person, but Tony knew from personal experience how good people can become when the Alpha emerges without restrains. And that was a fucking super Alpha.
“But he was also devoted to science, wasn't he?” Steve pointed out, “Maybe… I dunno, maybe he thought that the important thing was to act according to nature, but if science could
If not himself and the eternal lie in which he had s
“I don't know.” He added flickering his gaze, “Maybe?”
It was no more than a few apprehensive glances or a cautious question. And the first few times, oh, Tony was simply
“Eh, nevermind. Another marathon, I suppose.”
“Really?! – He snapped –
With theatrical exasperation Tony rolled his eyes and muttered a “Geez”.
“You always hated your sub-genre.” He commented cautiously.
For Tony heat
“Attack or flight reaction, Rogers. Does it say anything to you?”
He would have liked to still have the armor on, so as to filter Steve pheromones and be able to think coherently. He owed him an explanation, but he felt like he could barely put together a sentence that made sense.
“Are you…” He gasped “Are you okay? Please, just… tell me you are okay.”
something else, dammit ‒ and Tony is almost always in armor. No smells, no flowers ‒ nothing that would make Steve question his own sanity.
himself with
it now.
“It happened once to me, too. After my mother's passed away.” Found himself remembering, “In the post-heat Bucky was unsufferable, I could not get rid of him.”
At the age of forty-three Tony no longer had to settle for a closet, but we know that a part of him still felt the need to hide. And since he was an engineer and a billionaire and ‘go big or go home his my motto’, in the Tower he had a nest-room all to himself, just like the one he had had in his Malibu house. It was his clandestine refuge, designed by himself to meet all his needs. Whether he was in heat or just needed a place to feel safe, it was perfect and equipped with every comfort. But above all it was
At the end of that hell, he had asked J.A.R.V.I.S.
business.
“I quote what I want.” Tony replied with petulance, “But you’re lucky I’m still in anxiety mode, so for now I will respect your requests, Captain.”
Steve raises his eyebrows: "That's a lot of questions."
“‘I'm desolated.’” Again another ticket, “Honestly, I didn’t imagine that there were so many variations for the same concept, but still… the drawing.” Tony put a hand over his heart, “Steve, you have an incredible talent. I mean, I'm good at numbers, I don't know a shit about art, but it's… I'm speechless. I'm sorry I can't accept it. Really.”
"I learned a lot about the language of flowers."
Dumbfounded by his usual talk, Steve wiped his sweat and cautiously accepted the offers. He was not sure what to expect, but something told him that an ice cream was equivalent to a peace offer, so he congratulated himself for choosing not to push but instead to wait patiently for him to show up.
Tony licks his lips and Steve can't help but follow the motion of the tongue with his eyes.
As surreal as it was, there was no need to specify what they were referring to.
He’s quiet at the Tower. And that's also why he likes to be late. The hallways are empty and silent, barely lit. There’s no danger of running into anyone.
Tony didn't need caution.
Steve found himself growling in frustration a few times. Across the table, Tony stretched his feet to meet his and hid the satisfaction behind his cup of coffee. In all this, they had to regain some kind of dignity and collect the amused looks and the comrades' comments from their team-mates.
quiet, everyone avoiding to look at them directly. Tony waited for them to finish and then dismissed them, saying that he would take care of the Captain from then on. As soon as they were at a safe distance, Tony lifted the face plate and inhaled deeply, watching Steve closely. Then held out his hand to help him get up and put an arm around his waist, giving him support to stand up.
“Strong Alpha! Thoughtful Alpha!” He chirped, refraining from laughing, “You know well how to take good care of me. So, so well.”
"Are you really interested or just damn bored?”
"What’s your worst memory related to your times of hospitalization?"
The litany went on and on, and Steve's heart sank. Who had been doing this to him? The answer was obvious, but Steve couldn't focus on Howard Stark's faults. He was dead, while Tony was alive and still carrying the wounds of that unhealthy education.
No flowers now, but pointed brambles and dry branches. Steve immediately sprints forward.
He felt revved up and no, he wouldn’t pretend that all this wasn’t fun. Maybe a little hazardous, but absolutely fun. Well, that night they were alone in the Tower, so there was no one who could judge him.
Leather and resin and
“Ah, this is a really funny story!”
be enough, from now on. Leaving him meant doing a real violence to himself for Steve, but Tony was right: they couldn't share their first heat together like this. To make such a step, an Omega must feel safe not only with the Alpha but also with himself. And Tony wasn't feel like safe, Tony didn't want that heat, as he had never wanted the previous ones, even more if they were triggered by stress. Steve could understand it: he too had been an Omega, he knew what it meant to be submitted to a tyrannical biology.
How he managed to seem so innocent yet luscious as he keep staring hungrily at him? Steve allowed himself to kiss him again, this time with all the self-control he could put.
“You're not my Alpha.”
In the lab there’s so much scent of flowers.
Tony would never have had enough of that Overprotective Super-Alpha Mood. Which, for someone who rejected the very idea of the existence of the Alphas, was a kind of miracle. A miracle called Steve Rogers.
as soon as he stepped back into the Stark Tower’
"What‒"
Complete check-up, whatever is on her mind is fine.
Steve picked up the bag from the ground and mentally prepared to leave.
Stark raised his eyebrows and smiled sarcastically: “Do I have any choice?”
needed space, damn it, only
Tony raises his hands: “Hey, I’m not the type too.”
only one, here it is: his father.
. And you're funny and caring and brave.” Steve listed without pausing.
“That it would change your sub-genre.” Tony looked at him with undisguised curiosity, “Did they know that the serum would have this side effect?”
Steve frowns: "You are my doctor."
“So if it happens again?”
bitter
If only he could have suppressed his sub-genre.
“Okay okay… ah. Here it is."
“Sorry.” Steve cleared his throat, trying to push the sound back, “I can't help it.”
Orange, cinnamon and an immense, penetrating surge of
“Well,” He bits his lower lip, grinning like a fool, “At last we agree on something.”
He tilted his head to the side,
“I was stupid and impulsive and paid no attention to my health.” He listed anyway, unable to restrain himself.
It fucking
"They're poppies when‒ you know." he bites his lip, suddenly shy, "When you come."
. He was again twelve years old and helpless under the grasp of a big, threatening Alpha…
After the third sip of coffee, Steve had seen him blink and focus.
Alpha”
At this point
Fury was talking, but Steve could no longer follow him. Again, his gaze shifted to Stark. The Omega rose up simulating a phlegm that did not belong to him.
Not that he normally slept well.
dosage.
He was full-load with restrained anger on the return journey. The rest of the team stayed away and tried to interact with him the bare minimum. As soon as the Quinjet landed on the launch bay of the Avengers Tower, Steve rushed out and take the elevator.
Then Tony grinned and batted his eyelashes to him and said something like: “Oh yes, Alpha my Alpha!”
“I had a shitty week.”
goes on he has to take a few more supplements and scheldule some training aimed to improve his endurance.
as he entered the experiment cell was that there was a war out there that was devastating the whole world, and
Steve snorted: “We both know you can't be stopped.”
He seemed to have more to say than just a "yes", but the team was already waiting for them at the Quinjet, so whatever it was it had to be put aside.
Long minutes passed like this. Between purr and sighs, languid caresses and cautious explorations, bumping noses and gingerly smell. The shadow of a kiss on lips as eager as shy. If they could have extended that moment for eternity, oh, they would have. They would have willingly imprisoned there forever.
Despite the hormonal implant
“Who else knows?”
He bring the t-shirt to his face and take a quick sniff. Steve mouth fell open, uncovering his fangs to bite his lip. Tony chucled and looked at him with mischievously twinkling eyes.
Tony's eyes snapped open wide and he sucked in the air with a full whiff of
“Yeah.” Stark swallowed the last piece of ice cream and grimaced, “Can you imagine how he would react if he founds out that I lied to him for almost thirty years?”
“Throw it all away. I don't want to find anything." he orders Dum-E gesturing towards the workstation, “And this time for real. I don't want to see you with fetishes hidden around."
“You are a super Alpha with a super sense of smell and you can't even count on suppressants.” Stark said dryly, “I think you can stop apologizing.”
“Colonel Rhodes is your best friend.” He ventured to point out.
He rummages through the drawers for a spoon.
– it totally was a pathetic and shameful excuse.
Tony bit his tongue as he reached the
Steve felt his face heat hup, but did not hold back.
metabolism
“J.A.R.V.I.S. put on a chocolate for two, please.”
when he first wore the Captain America
“You are the one who was comparing me and your pre-serum version of penniless art student from the New York lower class burdened by the Great Depression.”
He called it ‘Room of Requirements’.
“Variation” was also the choice of what eat for dinner. Anything could fill Tony’s stomach was fine for him, but Steve opinion was different on course. After the first few dinner of take away, he had showed up to the Tower with grocery bags and a look that Tony had only seen while he was in ‘Cap Mood’.
Somehow Steve already knew that he would always harbor that frustration, that sense of inadequacy for not being able to protect his Omega. It was an inappropriate weakness for a soldier and an Alpha, but he figured that there was nothing he could do about it. This was the price to pay when you fall in love with a foolish, amazing person like Tony Stark.
Of course nothing changed. At least from Tony.
Jesus, how could he be so naïve? Tony had to look away or he would have betrayed himself.
. Okay? I came to the meeting. I
Steve lazily flipped through the scribbled sheets, the pencil nervously drumming between his fingers.
happy that his brilliant brain had
could afford
Tony choked out a laugh.
The questions hurt him more than the exercises he's forced into, but Steve was never the kind of guy to back down. He’s the one who asked for this, after all, so he grits his teeth and goes on, answering back every question.
you like Rhodey does."
"Why are you only telling me now?"
“And how dare you pigeonhole me into sub-gender stereotypes?!”
to be able to
Rule number one: while they spoke, there could be no more than a foot between them. Really, more than a foot and they felt there was something inherently
Sure he's a fit guy: he can't be Iron Man without a strict daily fitness and yoga schedule. But being an Avenger doesn't include certain, uh,
“Pizza flour?” He read, “In the era blessed with instant noodles and microwave oven, why should you waste time making pizza with your own hands? I mean, if I want to work hard and then eat badly, all I have to do is just go to S.H.I.E.L.D.’s refectory. -
Steve wanted to reply that, in his humble sight, his ass fit perfectly into the aesthetic dictates. But he wisely thought it was not the time to make lewd comments about his body.
“Give me a week. Maybe ten days? I don't know.” Tony picked up the device and pressed it on his neck, activating it, “This time I want to bypass the implant. I'm not going burn trough synthetic hormones for days again.”
true sub-genre and his emotional state: it was his
“Not at all, Rogers.” He said landing.
. And it didn’t escape Steve: his smell swirled with a sweet hint of
– the role his father didn't think possible he would have been able to
attention.
applie
was out of Howard's reach. And fuck
He stood by while they was taking care of Steve. He didn’t noticed himself purring until Iron Man turned to face him, his helmet tilted in a questioning pose.
The faceplate is up the moment his feet touch the concrete. He’s been hiding long enough ⎼ they've both been hiding. Now he wants to see him with his own eyes, to be seen in the face. He wants their voices to be real, in the same air, not to come out filtered by some microphone.
"You said that I often‒" Tony vaguely points to his head, "That they're sunflowers."
– and he was risking his life to save those of the whole Earth.
"When I was a child, maybe."
Steve's hand silently seeks his and entwines their fingers.
"Sorry." Steve gives him an apologetic look, "I've never seen them so close. "
closing
Citrus and cinnamon.
was from his usual way
The reactor: that was the final issue.
the harsh light of
So it went until Maria had enough and took control of the situation. She fired the Alpha governess, hiring instead a Beta. A man with completely different attitude: Edwin Jarvis. Howard wasn’t satisfied at all, but faced with his wife's resolution for once he took a step back and just watched. In a few days Tony stopped nesting in the closet. Faced with the obvious, Howard surrendered and Maria was able to breathe a sigh of relief: this time they had come out.
Tony pulls aside the patch just to look at his watch.
into his smell.
Again, the hand in the middle of his back pressed down and Tony let himself be guided placidly. It wasn't exactly unpleasant to spread himself over Steve's body and let him cuddle him, rub his face against his neck, inhale his smell. It wasn't definitely a bad experience look at Steve and let himself be seen in the astonished silence of mutual wonder.
“How do I feel that’s not a compliment?”
"Because... come on! You can have only one Rhodey in your life.
Two strides and he was back to the Omega,
and, well, act accordingly. And if Steve had any doubts that Tony felt different, he had the opportunity to change his mind during breakfast. The not-so-stealthy way in which he buzzed around him, how he managed to touch him constantly making it seem like
“I know, it's a little late.” Steve bit down his lips and stared back shyly, “Maybe it's not longer used nowadays.”
“I can't believe there are two fridges here but inside there are only expired milk and Pop-Tarts inside.”
"Yeah, I mean, reality is he doesn’t tolerate me at all. In fact, it’s just me that won’t let him go. I’m so clingy that‒"
It’s not uncommon to see them joking together, in those quiet moments between one mission and another. Which, considering Cap's depressing sense of humor, borders on a miracle. But hey, he’s trying his best, Tony recognizes it. And as much as he’s a champion of sarcasm, well, he finds more satisfying to humor Steve than to hit him.
“In the meantime do me
the immediate – and
meandering in his smell. Fear of scare the Omega with his imposing size, Tony imagined. By now he knew him well enough. All those protective Alpha attitudes that made his eyes roll.
He doesn't grasp why when the guys go out to eat Steve declines, saying is not hungry. When, in fact, ten minutes later he shows up to Tony with something to eat. And Tony, who hasn't eaten but coffee and energy bars for about ‒ ten hours? ‒ pounces on it hungrily. Whatever he’s currently doing can wait until his stomach is full again. Steve looks satisfied, Tony doesn't understand why
Still but alert, Steve watched attentive as Tony moved forward, bringing them face to face. He moved his hand from his neck to his cheek, stroking the bristly skin of his morning beard. Under his touch, Steve softened his glance and started to purr. Tony bit his lip, watching with fascination this horny super-Alpha tamed with a caress.
"I think I saw them, once."
. This all Alpha thing to try to
"How long have you known? Why didn't you ever tell me? Has anyone seen these?"
Steve was watching him closely: “Have you ever done it?”
! Hello, Cap."
He earned a scandalized shriek and a lash with the towel.
“Did you sleep well?”
“Yeah.” Tony seemed to be studying him, “I wonder what was going on in your head.”
Tony closed his jaw with a loud
it was
“Slow down,
“Can you feel it?” He ran a hand on the left side of his neck and Steve followed the movement with a hungry gaze, “Of course you feel it.”
has been able to do. But he doesn't wake up. Then Hulk rips off the front plate and lets out a growl and‒
“Tony?” He called softly.
“But that’s not the point. You shouldn't be able to see it. Nobody should."
For the first time since Stark had gave it to him, Steve paid attention to the ice cream. He made a face when he noticed how it had melted to his elbow, and that must been a funny face, as Stark greeted him with a laugh. Red with embarrassment, Steve muttered an answer as he sucked ice cream off his fingers.
"You're perfect."
Tony opened a packet of flour and threw a handful at him.
was not the first
Tony gave him an incredulous look: “Well, that’s a new! He used to went on with bigoted speeches about the fate marked by one’s sub-genre and other bullshit like that.”
"Oh. Sorry. But in your opinion it could be that he’s‒"
They managed to focus on the breakfast and somehow they all recompose and get back on track. Steve was on the patio putting on his helmet, when Tony came there in full armor. He hooked the shield to his back and turned to look at him. He was stunningly beautiful, with the armour shimmering like a halo under the morning sun.
Steve placed various ingredients on the table.
As with everything related to Tony's private life, Steve found out how things had gone between him and Pepper practically by chance, during a completely unexpected situation.
Oh God, he
“Stark.” He called back.
“I'm sorry.”
"Mh?"
Tony had just put the parts of the armor to bed. Quite literally. He had asked J.A.R.V.I.S. to send them to the lab and to order Dum-E and U to bathe them in the oil and give them a polish to remove the scratches, before putting them to rest.
Suddenly the covers moved away and Tony sat up, legs gathered in his chest, head bowed on his knees, shoulders shaken by sobs. He looked like a child. Steve stood there, still and silent, while he tried and failed miserably to calm himself, sniffing and stammering meaningless sentences.
. Like a child who st
Tony lowered his eyes, pensive, his thumbnail nervously scratching the rim of the cup.
With a snarl, Steve pull away from his neck. Tony snarled back and gave him a kiss that felt more like a bite. For a brief, breathless moment, they looked at at each other in wonder. Then, their mouths clashed, chasing each other with kisses and bites and licks.
Tony speaks cautiously, the carnations shrinking back in shyness, making way for tiny maple flowers. Steve wonders if he's aware of it: does he do it on purpose, or it’s completely spontaneous?
things. Give him a squad of Nazis to punch and you’ll have a good
notice every nuance of
How his mother was like him, and before her his grandmother, and even before her her great-grandmother, and so on, back for generations. How it's unknown which was the first one, but sure is something that has been passed on in his family since the dawn of time. How it’s present only in the female line, so no one expected Tony to inherit it.
So yes, Steve was really scary. But everyone expected it, didn't they? While Tony – well, nobody was prepared for
in the vain hope of being useful to his country. Steve wasn't afraid of dying,
A growl and Tony came out of the spiral he was falling into.
unpleasant reminiscences. And
“Hey, that’s not that bad!”
“We need to talk.”
, but
“‘Please, forgive me.’” Tony read from a note, “Concise. And I appreciate the gift. I don’t know why people think I'm not the flower type, but actually I have a soft spot for daffodils. How did you know?”
Steve hadn't put his Alpha voice into that word, but Tony could feel the effort he was making in refraining from doing so. The same one he put in staying firmly there, at a safe distance from him, with the gear bag hanging from one shoulder and the torn up door handle clutched hard in one hand.
there were rather heavy premises, at least
The next words, Helen says them very carefully.
It was often like this between them, and more and more it would have been like this in the future.
Tony's eyebrows shot up.
contact
had been sentimental he would have mulled over it, but he was not
. It also was a little awkward when Thor, with his usual candor, came up with explicit
He blinked, trying to focus on his surroundings, to remember where he was – not that it mattered much. Usually his brain went from zero to thousand in matter of seconds, but not today. Today Tony's brain was drowned in endorphins, his soul floating in an unreal quiet. Everything was so far away, nothing seemed to have any weight, not even the impending peril of Ultron.
“Forty-two.” Echoed Steve, thinking that he was probably missing another pop-culture reference, “What happened to the other forty-one?”
“A… whole other level.” He repeated slowly, “And what exactly do you mean by ‘a whole other level’, Mr. Rogers?”
Steve goes to Helen’s office a few days later. When all the reports have been filled in, and all the meetings attended, and all the press conferences addressed. When all of Captain America's duties are resolved, Steve goes to her and asks to get checked out.
. Neither as a civilian nor as a soldier. Neither
“None ‘but’.” He stopped him, “To have a hypertrophic ego, you don't really know how to take compliments.”
in any
It must have been post-battle stress, Tony was reflecting as he reached the sickbay. He felt his metabolism working against the chemical hormones released by the implant – a movie already seen. One more reason to avoid Steve.
favor: stay away
Then there was the
“I should go.” He iterated, forcing himself to step away from him.
“Tony?”
Howard had been an acceptable father – authoritarian when not absent, but hey, it could have been worse, if nothing else the emotional void was filled by the presence of his
e gestured between them as he walked backwards “
“Sir, I have to inform you⎼” JARVIS tries again, only to be ignored again.
If two years earlier someone had told Tony that he would find himself nesting with an Alpha, he would have seriously doubted the person's sanity. But here he was, arranging pillows and blankets with an Alpha – and
Dozens of portraits, all of Tony with his hair in bloom, alongside some notes, question marks that don’t need to be answered anymore. Steve's fingerprints where he blended the characoal, stroking the paper wishing it was Tony's skin.
"No! Come on, wait!"
“And there are minors here.” Clint added grabbing one of his children who was flying in the kitchen.
Tony found an empty room and closed himself in it, yelling at whoever was within range not to disturb him. Hoping that S.H.I.E.L.D. had evolved past the Stone Age, he rummaged in the drawers searching for the device he needed. He had to hurry and leave that place as soon as possible. Too many people – too many
irritated him in an unspeakable way. As if he needed reassurance!
And in the meantime, there were the questions.
nd there was no room for self-pity. There were no support groups for dated superheroes without the slightest foundation on how to start living again. When he enlisted for Project Rebirth, Steve knew the risks of war.
Steve clenched his jaw and groaned.
, for a moment they can't help but stand there, with his hands clawed into Steve arms and their lips pressed together, stuttering breaths mingling over their skins.
be that.
"Poppies."
t his father who had told him what he could or could not be, based on the limits of his biology. It was Tony – only Tony – who deliberately decided that no, he would never
They are arguing in the Bartons' courtyard, and in the most heated moment of the discussion, when Steve smashes a log of wood with his bare hands, a white and pink flash blows in Tony's hair, the air between them suddenly smelling of asphodel.
Steve looked himself into the mirros, all red eyes and fangs throbbing and broken breaths. Hell, he didn't recognize himself. He took a deep breath and shook his head, trying to calm the Alpha down. He couldn’t present himself to Tony like this – neither of them wanted this.
“Well, for now I can't keep a portrait of me and my ex were we seem happy. I'd give it to Pepper, but I think she would feel the same.”
“Nobody else really? Not even Rhodes? Hogan?”
? Do we also have
"If I look at you, I can't look at me." Tony gestures between them.
Tony's voice is shaking, Steve pulls away from the workstation and takes a few steps towards him.
Steve looks at him and thinks he has never seen him so insecure. So
that made Tony’s toes curl.
“Would you have used it?” He asked before he could stop himself.
Role three: when one of them happened to be injured in battle, the other become their keeper until they were safe again. Coincidentally, the team had quickly assimilated that rule – the only situation in which nobody ventured to make jokes. And Steve was deeply proud to say that, no, he had nothing to do with it. Sure, he was scary on the battlefield, as only a super-Alpha in combat setup can be, even more so when a team-mate was injured. If the one who ended up on the ground was Tony, Steve snapped in half-feral mode: the air become thick with
Tony turns his head to rest it on his chest. Under his ear is Steve's heartbeat, in front of his eyes is the wall mirror. Tony hadn't seen them for a long time.
"I want to see them forever."
He crossed his arms over his chest and waited, the expression betraying a certain amusement. Steve put aside all the questions he had about him and Pepper and tried to gather some courage.
“Maybe I want this Alpha in the way.” He held out his hand, “Have you thought about it?”
two pizzas – but frankly they looked more like a failure of epic proportions. Finally, exhausted and dirty as they were, they dragged themselves to the sofa to watch
"Clinically, you are above any other human. Well, as far as we know."
“Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die.” Steve growled, “
was extraordinary, but
sleep?” He asked back the Omega.
"Do you think he’s into me?"
Tony's mouth gave way immediately and their tongues met, ravenous and possessive. Tony's arms wrapped around his neck, his hands sank into Steve's hair pulling him closely. Steve pushed him against the first available shelf, lifting him effortlessly and sitting him on it. Tony's smell reared up with
“Do your worst, Rocky.”
Tony takes a deep breath and then blasted out from the cloud, heading to the roof of the Compound.
“So what's going on in that stupidly handsome head? Is that some kind of soap opera bullshit about attraction between opposites? I can't believe he would be so sap!” A pirouette to dodge Falcon’s shots, “Nah, I take it back: that's totally coherent. I'm the smart and cynical one, so obviously he has to be the adorable dork. Absurdly hot but definitely dork."
mattered that
Steve turned to look at him with a confused air.
to be consistent
“Ready?”
. Stark had chosen – and Steve had to
“And I don't need...”
Silence. Yarrow sprouting among the brambles. Steve can feel his fury and flinches a little.
Unavoidably, something snapped between them and neither of them managed to stem the consequences. Or maybe neither of them wanted to. The fact is: they let everything flow by itself.
the fight, so we get to go home?”
he was still
"I can’t." Tony takes advantage of his position to hide his face tucking it under Steve’s chin, "Anyway you wouldn’t‒"
Tony’s brain is already fucked up from the kiss, so it takes a few seconds longer than it should to process the words.
“What's up?”
“Do you remember I'm an old-fashioned Alpha, yeah?”
“Jesus Christ!” He clung to the work table and looked at him in alarm, “Did you make the return trip in
“I wish I could carry your smell with me.” He murmured, almost speaking to himself.
fell on his face.
. A thing that belonged to them, and only them.
“Was that why you were avoiding me?”
yes, but no fangs. Steve's lips were sealed, his breathing was calm. His hands, that anchored Tony to him, were still.
had collapsed
Looking back on what had happened on the Helicarrier, he couldn't blame him.
“Ah...”
e heard him repeat “
He cleared his throat: “Glad to find you well, Tony.”
Steve sneaked back to his room and is now lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling without rest. The six months he has given himself have almost ended, a resolution must be taken. Whether he's just insane or not, something has happened in the meantime. Something that obviously isn't just affecting him. And it wouldn't be fair to Tony to keep it from him.
He nodded slowly: “We are good.”
Tony's voice goes tiny and tiny and
Tony braces himself to be able to look at him. Which is not very smart considering that, yes, his suspicions were right: Captain America is a breathtaking sight even just woke up. And Tony's dick wants to let the whole world know.
. Lewd and sloppy, like Tony would never imagined it would be kissing Steven Grant Rogers.
“I've drawn enough. I don't feel like it anymore."
Tony picks up the sketchbook again and opens it, leafing through the sheets. And slowly, so
? Did he really think that the only reason someone would want a relationship with him was because of his financial empire?
Beta and
bare his neck, but the motion was like a pale suggestion of
His pose relaxed slightly and he stepped aside to make room for them, but did not lower his arms, “You can get closer.” He accorded and the rescue team moved quickly, Tony stiffened again, “Maybe slowly? Very well.”
Steve had to take a deep breath.
"You know, I think‒"
The Omega moved a little under the covers. Steve guessed that he was curled in fetal position and his heart ached. Tony was silent while crying. Steve didn’t grasp how he managed to control himself in his sleep but it was so and it hurt to see him – to
work.”
Without hesitation, he took both Tony’s hands, and they folded their arms together on the bed. Their faces were inches apart, and in the dim light Steve could see Tony's dark eyelashes thickened with tears, his forehead still frowning in anguish. But in his smell there was less and less
“Take me there, please.”
. All he thought
“I'd bare my neck to you, but I'm not…”
“Bottom choses. So you tell me.”
“You should.”
, as if for a moment they took life.
“How many laps have you done? Nah, I don't want to know. Here.”, He hands him one of the ice cream, “I'd kill to have your metabolism.”
Tony's gaze softened.
Eventually they decided to give up their hope upon the pizza and fell back on toast and beer – a classic. While in the movie one of the protagonists were swallowed by a flying shark, Tony felt suddenly tired. That full and satisfied tiredness that makes your limbs slack and your eyes heavy and then you feel sink among the sofa pillows. Tony felt it on himself and in Steve's smell – the smell of an Alpha – and found himself in the feeling with immense and unexpected ease.
“Okay, okay… wow! Um…” Tony raised his hands, “Let me put on the legs too, I don't think the arms’ propellers are enough.”
, so he was too delighted to prank Thor by telling him the most colossal bullshit about their alleged bonded life or whatever, just to hear his quaint comments.
everyone. Don't worry about sending me the meeting summary.”
had ever flattered Tony like that. Nobody had bothered to tell him honestly what he thought of him – except when there was to be criticized, of course. Tony was so used to feeling lashed by the whip of deprecation, that he had assimilated it and made it his own. Well, it hurts less if you hardened your skin under your own blows. Nobody was as good as Tony to hurt himself.
Leather, resin and
“It's a bit old-fashioned.” He said condescendingly, “But I've just discovered to have a certain taste for dated things.”
“Well, sure if I made a press conference to reveal my true sub-genre and announce that I'm looking for a mate, in half an hour I'd have the line going around the block. But you know,” He closed humming ,“
Steve really did his worst. There were few occasions when he could train properly, with someone on an equal footing. When Thor was around he could certainly count on him, and in Natasha he found a sparring mate far from underestimating, but there were more times when he had to get by. Today, when he met Tony at the gym and asked him to train together, he hadn't really hoped for a positive reply. So, yes, he did his worst. Few things were satisfying as giving himself into a serious workout and venting all the stamina produced by the serum.
But this? Nope.
Oh, he
Steve bites his lip when he sees what it’s blooming.
Steve nodded: “We are fine.”
But there are far more important issues to focus on. Like a pangalactic war to try to avoid. So, while they're arguing into the Helicarrier, Steve files that detail as one of many eccentric rich quirks, and puts it aside.
All good, all perfectly understandable. The boy woke up after seventy years of freezing and no longer has anything in common with today's world, he no longer has anyone. It’s natural for him to emotionally lean on them. Tony knows what it means to be alone, he knows what it means to desperately seek affection outside of strict family ties, and in spite of a wary disposition. So, no, he certainly won't be judging him.
“Because…” Tony sighed and put the device down, unconsciously taking a step forward.
had no high hopes that things could be different now. He was a symbol, and symbols cannot have the luxury of carving out a life of their own. Not even after having thoughtfully made sure that the rest of the world is safe
Stark raised his hands: “I'm just saying, I saw the photos and the videos and… wow! I mean, the guy wasn't bad at all. How did he smell? ‘Cause I bet–”
but wanted to hear it from him, as if his smell wasn't enough.
“That would
Tony's voice was slurred with sleep and at that moment Steve wasn't sure how to take that request. He did not know if he was interpreting well or if he was letting himself be guided by his inner Alpha, already widely stimulated.
“Tony, are- are you sure?”
"Who?"
"I’m always interested in your work."
“I've always been protective of my Marks.” He pointed out sharply, “Now that I have only one of them, I am overprotective and I pour my delusion of control on it.”
? It’s not‒ it's not some articulate and cruel joke, is it?" he murmurs frantically over Steve’s lips, "I’m dreaming?"
“Please!” Steve covered his eyes, “We were like brothers. He was just protective around me. And he wasn't entirely wrong.”
flattened,
More than a week had passed and
Tony is careful not to look at him. The peonies are there again and Steve has to stifle a chuckle.
didn't want to stop thinking about Tony as
Whatever he did from that moment, Tony made a spite of his father's ideas. He favored the fact that Howard was ashamed that his only son was an Omega: he respected his choice to hide his true sub-genre. But he never respected him. He never gave
