Dean has never heard English before, or maybe this is a prank and Cas is speaking to him in one of his many languages. Cas’s words fall on ears deafened by the too-loud beating of Dean’s heart. Cas’s teeth wear into his lip and he glimpses away to encase himself in steel, at last looking back and  his eyes colliding with Dean’s in a wreck of green and blue.
He beams at her. It’s the first time he’s seen her in his entire life, and he’s giving her the smile that made her fall for him the first time, “I’m Dean Winchester.”
Dean agrees, if Cas’s appearance is anything to go by. His eyes are glassy and his blush now acutely red, fanning across the highs of his cheekbones and plunging deep past his neck. He’s taken off his white button down—too hot, he’d said—and is left in a plain white t-shirt that, having been subjected to the trials of its drunken wearer, resolves itself to collapse against Cas’s chest, slouching at his throat.
Matilda sits with her daughter, Maxine, on the couch of their home—a giant mushroom. Other than that glaring fact, the interior had been pretty standard, if not dated. Matilda bats tears from her eye with a silky white cloth as she recounts the details of her husband's disappearance from their lives a little over a week ago. She’s already informed them that they’d been having financial problems after her husband lost their magic milk-producing goat to a band of thieving gnomes. Dean sympathizes with her in the way anyone would sympathize with somebody in a real-life fairy tale: the best he can.
“What do we do?” Dean demands, immediately. He will not expect anything less than a solution, not when fate and chance have brought back his brother to him once again. Bobby looks like he wants to protest, but remains silent as Cas turns to Dean.
Cas’s hand moves from its place on the bed, materializing at the crest of Dean’s shoulder and Dean feels his warm fingertips sink into taut muscle. He’s tempted to sink into the sensation, but Cas’s eyes, that fix Dean’s own, are such a brilliant blue, pupils almost shaking in their sincerity, that Dean remains at rapt attention as Cas speaks, “I only want what’s best for you.”
“Nothing we need.” Cas says dejectedly, yet shoves the papers into his pockets as he does so, not bothering to prevent them from crumpling.
Dean doesn’t know he has a guardian angel. Mary Winchester might’ve hoped, and Sam might’ve suspected, but only Castiel really knew: knew that he was meant to be here at the foot of Dean’s bed, watching over him as he slept like a sentinel. If only it were better circumstances. Sam is pissed, rightfully so, as he’s found out not only have he and Cas ventured into a different reality without him, but that Dean is now legally brain-dead.
“The locals happen to like me.” Cas deadpans, but pride shines through the still waters of his throat, growing algae and humanity at its bottom. “I have more charisma here than on your Earth.”
Burying his face into the obnoxiously clean-smelling pillow, he realizes he misses Cas. Beyond the gruff exterior Dean presents, he’s a cuddler, and he discovers now it’s too easy to get used to having somebody to curl up with. It makes Dean feel pathetic, and he flips himself over to stew in self-resentment while staring at the ceiling.
Bobby had taken it better, knowing that whatever trouble they’d gotten into was probably Dean’s fault, too. As Cas explained where Dean’s soul was trapped, Bobby has just solemnly nodded along. And now he’d excused himself to delve into the books, looking as always for something that might help them, leaving Sam and Cas alone.
His words slur like they’re stitched together at their starts and stops and it makes Dean laugh, “You alright?” When Cas ‘mhmm’s, he claps him on the back, “Do you think you’re hammered?”
The place is elegant, but cheesy, and clearly intended for sex. The bedroom is dominated by a gargantuan king-sized bed overflowing with rose petals and accompanied by a mood-lit chandelier and flutes of champagne. They opt for the couch instead, enjoying their drinks and making small-talk for the cameras.
The bartender had directed them to go to a swampish part of town, with huge swaths of grass that come up over their heads, and they come to a house made out of old sheets of dead tree bark looking  haphazardly stuck in the ground with a beaten, holey roof that threatens to crumble around them. It looks to be vacant for decades, except for a few stray scraps of food littered around the front lawn, looking as they’d been thrown out with flies still buzzing about them. Other lawn ornaments include an actual stick and skull—not human, by the looks—in some idiotic attempt to be threatening.
The wait outside is longer than the one in the car, but at least Dean isn’t sweating in close-confines anymore. He’s still sweating, just under bright film lights that pepper even the most remote escapes sans a camera in sight. He wonders if he’ll get used to that, and come time to leave will wake up in a distress asking Sam where his beauty lights went. He smiles at the thought and then finally, it’s his turn.
The man before Dean is not the icy, peculiar bird-of-paradise that Dean thought he was. Cas is sincere and unsettled, unable to meet Dean’s eyes in his humility. It has the effect of making Dean feel like he’s about 52 different shades of asshole. Plenty of people used dating shows as a medium to sink their fame-seeking talons into, so Dean forgot that there might be the oddball here like him who actually came here for love. Genuine people like Cas.
“Dean,” Cas says at the conclusion of his story, dragging his name over his teeth like a plea, “I’m never gonna get a one-on-one.”
Dean reacts by cradling Cas’s chin in the flat expanse of his palm, his eyes asking as he slowly tilts Cas’s head away to reveal the tan expanse of his neck. He brushes his lips against the curve of it, barely a tickle, but can feel Cas’s pulse thrumming loud and steady below him.
As he’s walking, Dean’s struck with another idea, “Also, Finn might’ve died of...you know...normal causes.”
Castiel answers harshly, and Dean can tell his feelings are in play, now, "That was never my intention, Dean.”
“Benny, have I ever told you how cool you are?” Dean tries instead, and he can see Benny’s mouth twitch towards a grin. Kevin and Cas, meanwhile, are watching the little display with smiles of their own, “I mean, damn. You’re just the coolest guy I’ve ever met.”
Benny looks at him for just an instant, eyes scanning the planes of Dean’s face, before going back to cleaning up the cards, “I was just wondering, I’m very bored.”
Dean rolls his lips to prevent himself from smiling, and they’re silent a moment as they head further into town. Dean recognizes that they’ve meandered back to the bar, where he expects they’ll report their findings to the bartender who, personally, Dean feels is way too invested in the lives of the townspeople.
“Now there’s telling, and there’s seeing.” Dean feels like he got punched, all he can taste is dust and metal in his mouth, “What’s this weapon, Cas? Is that what we were here for? Why we almost died?”
“Everything go okay, Cas?” Dean asks, thinking Cas will open up. Cas just nods, so he continues, “Do you think you have a connection?”
Dean’s conflicted. There’s no denying the guilt he felt while marching up to Lisa to accept his rose, knowing that it would do nothing to calm his frantic, thundering heartbeat until Cas’s name followed close behind. So he drinks, in solidarity, in remembrance for his departed friends, and to numb that gnawing welt cemented in the walls of his chest, threatening to overwhelm him.
“Like I said, you should thank me. Props to you for being friends with him, but it’s time for him to go. He’s not playing for Lisa’s team.”
“You two new in town, huh?” The guy’s voice was deeper than Cas’s and sounded distinctly like the rumbling of the impala. Dean supposed the most surprising thing about this ordeal so far is that they speak English, or at least he’s hearing English; there’s something about the guy’s words that don’t quite line up with his mouth, and Dean thinks it could be by the work of magic that they’re able to converse.
“What are the options?” Cas scoots over next to Dean so he can peer over the magazine, “I’d say ‘sometimes’ if you remember the kayak.”
Dean’s heart, in a circus trick, jumps through his throat and sticks to the roof of his mouth. He’s overcome with rampant thoughts, desperately listening to what Cas is saying, trying to decode it. Trying to disassemble and reassemble it like an engine he’s making start again.
In return, Dean tells him more about Sammy and his fiance, Eileen. He also opens up about how much of a hard-ass his ex-marine father could be, as Cas tells him stories about what it was like to be raised by teenaged older-brothers.
.” Dean says, with  a hint of judgement laced into his voice. How anybody could give up bacon cheeseburgers was beyond him.
“I’m going to tether my grace, now.” Cas’s voice sounds even deeper as it tapers into the last note, maybe he’s unsure of what manners are appropriate with a matter like this.
Lisa’s laugh is back, briefly, before she’s beaming at Dean in a thoughtful sort of way, “This sounds weird, but you remind me of my son.”
Dean can hear the Lord’s voice in the other room, “Caleb, sweetheart, wouldn’t you do anything for the one you love?”
You wouldn’t believe it, but there’s actually some cool people here. There’s a ton of douchebags, too, but I’ve made some real friends. Like Benny. He kinda reminds me of a weird mash-up of you and Sam, but with a lot more of my interests. Perfect, right?
Inside the envelope was a simple, yet elegant, handwritten note addressed to Dean from the Estate of Lord Berengerus. The note was short and to the point, asking him to a dinner party. Dean felt a little less hopeless; maybe this could be a lead.
Thirty minutes later and Dean wishes that there were airplanes in the Twilight Realm. Standing in front of him is, to his best description, a mix between a deer and a tree. The beast, which looms as tall as an elephant, has a very deer-like face except for the fact that fuzzy green moss hangs in sheets on its body and rains down its face like hair, almost covering up its three eyes and teal fur. It’s antlers curl around its ears like ram’s horns and branch off much like the branch of a tree, and little leaves dot the ends of the sharp brown protrusions.
Dean didn’t know what proving his worth would entail, but he went along with Cas dragging him to the bar, thinking whatever he had to do it couldn’t be too bad if there was drinking involved. The other patrons seem to lose interest, a bit, as they sit down but they are addressed by the bartender, a beefy guy who Dean saw was missing a finger as he poured two towering glasses of something that looked like a greenish beer.
It had been two days, now, on their Earth, and Cas had no way of knowing how much time had passed for Dean. He had spent the two days with Dean, mostly, but he kept leaving to check on Sam, who’d lost his energy to even get out of bed. It seemed Sam’s condition was taking a turn for the worse and there was no telling how much time he had left, either. Cas knew Dean wouldn’t want to come back to a world where Sam was dead, and he thought he should at least be here for his brother’s final moments, which is how Cas had decided what to do.
Dean supposes that’s his way of comforting them, so he shrugs in compliance as Micheal rounds up the rest of the guys and starts passing around poker chips. He’s not a fan of Micheal, but in this moment he can respect the guy’s leadership capabilities.
The demon had gone on its normal demon spiel, with a dash of “I’m fleeing hell!” and a peppering of “There’s war afoot!” It was the same as the other broken-record cases they’d seen the past few months. They knew there was something wrong in hell, seen as Crowley had been uncharacteristically quiet (besides sending Bobby a birthday card—creepy), but they hadn’t heard the details of  what was going on down there. Dean figured it was a fallout of losing their Daddy Lucifer and the resulting scramble for power.
“What did she mean by that?” Cas asks as soon as she’s out of earshot, coming back to Dean’s bedside.
“Lisa, I don’t know if I can do this.” Dean confesses, then rushes to explain, “It’s not you, seriously, you’re gorgeous. But if we’re gonna do this, I want it to be on our own terms and not because we feel pressured by a TV show.”
“Dean—” And it’s the voice Cas uses when he’s explaining something difficult, “If you don’t think this could be serious, maybe you should leave.”
Dean frees himself of his shirt, lowering himself into the water in a fluid motion as to not disrupt the silence, and the cool water is an instant relief. It leeches away the warm clamminess and washes clean and chlorinated over Dean’s skin. The headache he’s nursing begins to wriggle away.
“C’mon, let’s leave Sam to sleep. We can discuss this more in the morning. That is, if you’ll still be around?” Dean’s voice is supposed to sound accusatory, but it comes out almost sounding hopeful, and he curses himself.
“Well, I’m a first-year resident.” And he looks confused, maybe a little frustrated. Like somebody missing a joke, “Why is that so important?”
“No, we can’t.” Cas says, standing up as Dean reaches for him. With his back to Dean, his voice whips out, “You’re too much of a coward.”
“Why me?” Dean doesn’t fully weigh what his words mean, just wonders why it’s up to him to do the angels’ dirty work again.
Dean’s other hand pulls Cas’s leg up around his waist so Dean can replace the hand stroking Cas through his underwear with something else, pushing them both to the side of the pool until Cas’s back brushes concrete.
“I already told you—” Cas, for his part, looks like he wants to help. And it’s the sincerest expression he’s worn all evening.
Getting the contestants together without fighting is a rarity: the suffocating presence of cameras makes the four walls of the mansion feel closer to a prison, so it’s only to be expected that a couple buttons get pressed or a few wires get crossed. But that wasn’t movie Night. Movie Night, or rather ‘Netflix Night,’ was the only time contestants were permitted to watch television. It was a sacred event, a true outpouring of peace even though they weren’t allowed to watch the news and the crew always picked what they’d be watching.
Cas stands beside him, the moonlight casting his tan skin into its paler sister. It’s peaceful out. Behind the rustic cobblestone fence they can make out mountain peaks lush with trees that cling determinedly to their steep slopes, looking a deep, purplish navy instead of their original green. And it’s the kind of heart-stopping quiet that seeps right into one’s soul, even the rippling sound of the pool water has stilled under the looming mountains’ gaze.
“Rule number one is to always stash snacks for later.” Dean splits open the bag and carefully plucks out a twinkie, handling it like it’s inlaid with precious stones and presenting it to Cas with the conviction of a religious devotee bringing a newcomer into the light.
“Nope, it’s torture. All I’ve had is this elegant food that makes me think I’m not cut out for television, because the whole time the only thing I’m thinking is that I’d kill for a burger.”
The ward spell was simple enough, and for once in his life Dean is pleasantly surprised that it was, actually, a ward spell and not some plot to trap or otherwise screw them over. Afterwards, upon Cas’s insistence, the magician—whose name was Randall—took them on a hike through the wilderness of the land, which Dean thought would be much more exciting than it was.
“Yeah, that too.” Dean takes a drag from his coffee, “But even then, I don’t know what your deal is yet.”
The faux sincerity in Cas’s voice is enough to put a bitter smile on Dean’s face and, for the moment, he forgets his disappointment, “Well, there’s still a lich to find, right?”
Dean stares down at his hands, numb, like he wasn’t just caught cheating on the Bachelorette with a dude and like this isn’t about to be the biggest TV scandal for the next five years.
until Cas’s mouth is on him, glued to him, extinguishing him entirely and raging a different fire through his veins. It’s unlike anything he’s ever had, his desire compressed and metamorphosed by having been squashed so far down.
The producers swarm him like sharks for a moment, clipping a microphone to the lapel of his shirt and adjusting the lighting on his face. A woman with shoulder-length black hair and a smile Dean imagines a cat might give to a tasty mouse introduces herself as Dagon and says, “We’re just gonna ask you a couple quick questions, alright?”
Please just tell me that I’m still straight even though I’m doing this stuff with Cas, because I’m kinda freaking out. Wish I could hear your voice right now.
Cas’s face blanks, blinking before he regains his composure, “Oh. They’re undead magicians typically formed from a devotion to acquire the magic of this realm.”
Dean doesn’t think he can last much longer, vision swimming, but at last Berengerus licks a swipe up Dean’s neck and bites him.
Cas looks a bit miserable, then, sprawled out on his bed with the comforter tucked over his shoulders, like he’s hiding from the world.
“We don’t have to.” She says in front of the cameras but secretly she whispers to Dean with her eyes and not her mouth,
Dean sucks in a breath, taken aback for just a moment as the conversation’s focus shifts to him, “My mom and really loved each other, yeah.”
Dean’s throat feels dry as he thinks about them hearing his sappy, crooning version of the song he’d played like some lovesick fool even though he’d just meant it as a nice gesture, not a declaration of any sorts. But now, he figures, it’s supposed to be a declaration, and it feels all wrong knowing he sang it to Cas just earlier that day.
“Well, I’ve gotta make sure you don’t get into trouble.” Dean explains, clapping a hand to Cas’s shoulder and walking him inside, “C’mon, now.”
Cas sighs, a pretty sound, pressing and pulling until Dean’s thighs splay around Cas’s insistence and his heart drums loudly within the confines of his chest. In the roar of it, Dean loses himself to Cas’s hands on either side of his face and he prods Cas’s mouth with the gentle swipe of his tongue. They entangle abrasively together and Dean can taste peppermint and something else that is uniquely Cas and he pulls away, saliva-slick and hungry.
Dean, whose lacking dress and readiness to be on camera, leaps into action with a simple, “Oh, shit. Thanks, uh…”
He’s kinda beautiful like this, Dean thinks—Cas becoming a mess underneath Dean’s hands and in his mouth. God, he hasn’t done something like this since college but if Cas is any indication, it’s like riding a bike. Dean probably looks stupid; he’s practically drooling, mouth chapped and saliva smeared across his chin, nonetheless his face is contorted in concentration. Dean pulls off for a moment, lips popping over the head, if only to study his handiwork but at the opportunity Cas’s mouth is crashing against his own, tongue pressing to gain entrance.
Dean freezes with his lips wrapped over his own pointer finger, and he fights down the urge to feel embarrassed as he slowly pulls it away, resting his hand by his side, echoing weakly, “In a sense?”
They don’t have much to talk about, after that. It seems Dean’s made up his mind, and Benny isn’t stupid enough to try and change it. And they’re both too much of a gentleman to gossip about their dates and besides, Dean is finally starting to get tired so he stands up, stretches and grabs his clothes off the floor.
“Quite the opposite. They’re quite free-spirited, though that’s landed them in trouble…” Cas trails off; he clearly has a complicated relationship with his brothers, “Gabriel adores snack food, actually. So much so that it’s turned me off of it, I guess.”
“I said I liked it.” Cas chides gently, and gives Dean a small smile for real. It could barely be categorized as a grin but it’s there, lopsided and all, and it makes the stress of the day melt and slink away to become part of the floorboards, completely forgotten.
Dean wakes up to the sound of rapping at his door. He sits up, disoriented, and pulls a half-tied tie from off of his face as he sits up. Shit, he was supposed to be getting ready for tonight’s rose ceremony, not napping. He pulls open the door and is greeted by two of the regulars, Max and Alphie, “I’m sorry, guys. I misplaced my pants for a sec, I’ll be out in a second–.”
But Cas just tips their foreheads together and Dean finds himself closing his eyes, surrendering just like that, and then his vision is consumed by a fire of white, blinding his senses entirely. There’s a flash of pain, right in the center of his chest, and he finds himself trying to jerk away but Cas’s hands hold him close, making him feel the sensation in full. It’s over before Dean can fully comprehend it, taste it on his mouth and in his eyes, and then he’s staggering away with a great huff of breath.
Now, in the third week of competition, Dean has gotten used to being on camera, so he’s hardly phased as he greets Lisa by wrapping her in a hug. She tells him that they’re going to be touring an old castle, and they taper into an easy-going conversation right away. Though the castle is interesting, Dean only has eyes for Lisa. He thinks she has a sweet-looking smile, so he tries to coax it out of her any chance he gets. He’s trying to work up his wittiness and then he’s caught off-guard when she says something about Led Zeppelin.
This time when she blushes, Dean’s sure it’s because he’s flattered her. Though, the rosiness of the garden has a hand in inspiring the romance in the air, the parched hydrangeas framing the perimeter and the twinkle lights overhead start getting to him; he regrets when the next contestant takes that moment to interrupt them, leaving the spark between he and Lisa to fade into the warm dust night.
Dean watches Lord Berengerus struggle to pull Caleb out from the room and then Dean leaps up, free at last, and hauls Cas from the bathtub. Blood and water leaps from Cas’s body and colors them both with shades of rose and scarlet. Dean puts pressure on Cas’s wound immediately, leaning into his interlocked fingers to stop the blood flow.
It’s Cas, the scent of his lavender cologne still clinging to his fresh-shaven skin and settling across Dean’s bed like a silken blanket. It’s dizzying, the rich floral spice a lullaby to Dean’s senses and almost entrancing him back to sleep, even amidst Cas’s squirming underneath his sheets, trying to gauge where Dean is with a series of quick pats to Dean’s shoulders and head.
This rings one of Cas’s bells, as he’s bringing his fingers up to tap soundlessly at the top of his thighs, “What do you want to know?”
Dean turns to share victory smiles with Cas, but is stopped by the emergence of the producers, who usher Dean out of the living area into the interview room almost instantaneously. He’s spent less time in this room than some of the other contestants, namely Ketch and Lucifer, but he’s not sure if that bodes well or not. One thing’s for sure, though; they got his little disagreement on camera and they can edit it however they want, causing him to slump in his chair dejectedly.
“A sick soul lends to a sick body, and I’m afraid if this progresses…” Cas trails off. Dean has noticed that, while Cas remains blunt in general, he has gotten a lot better at censoring himself when it comes to saying difficult things, like he understands the weight of them, now. So, when he pauses, Dean expects the worst. And of course, Cas delivers, “I’m afraid your brother may die.”
Dean licks his lips nervously as he responds, speaking to the magician, “Alright, we’ll help, but don’t try anything. And you’d better show us this castle.”
Dean opens his mouth, ready to deny, but Baely interrupts, “That plays in your favor, because you are very special. So special, he would like to offer you his gift.”
“Dude, can you stop being gay for Cas for one second? I asked you a question.” Micheal says, annoyed.
“Let’s start on the Rooster for now so we can put it in the freezer.” Dean says, not having much of a plan besides that.
Rowena’s announcement adumbrated the near instantaneous arrival of Crowley, the show host, who will be accommodating any and all major show events. Today he’s here to deliver the boys’ first date card, calling upon Andy, Benny, Lucifer, Ash, Ed, Harry, Castiel, Garth, Kevin, and Dean. His insides feel like someone’s got their hand between his stomach and small intestine and they’re trying to play thumb-of-war with his kidney.
“Listen, I know where his old castle is. I can help you, but I really need to ask you guys a favor.”
The lights flip on and they break apart, panicked at the intrusion. Dean doesn't know what their visitor just saw, and yet he's afraid to turn around for fear of his face betraying it all. Instead he watches Cas's face adopt a mask of normalcy as he says, "Hello, Benny."
I did some research into the drinks they made and based it off actual recipes, though I know absolutely nothing about mixed drinks. The best friend quiz was fun, too, as I went through several quizzes with one of my actual best friends (thx bro u keep it real) and modified some questions. oh, and I 100% made one of my friends reenact the grabby cocktail scene positioning without telling her what it was for but, hey, it's all for the creative process amiright??? Overall, I had a great time writing this even if the last scene was giving me trouble :0
Just thinking about his fiery best friend has him feeling a bit better, smiling fondly as he remembers some of her antics. He can’t wait to tell her about the ins-and-outs of the show, giving her the long-awaited answers about what life on the show is actually like, ”Do you think there’ll be cameras in the bathrooms, Dean?” And Benny! Dean knows that those two would hit it off like none other, just as she knows Charlie would hate Micheal even by a mere description.
The guests were both human and non-human, but all of them were young-ish and male-ish. The manner of dress was also all over the place, with some having on something that looked strikingly like lingerie and one man, with white skin and hair, wearing a parka. Dean assumed they were from all over the place and, in truth, he doesn’t know how far he himself traveled to get here.
Before Cas can answer, their attentions are garnered by Sam opening the door of his room, peering out into the commotion and bright lights of the hallway with bleary, annoyed eyes. He looks about a second away from bitching at Dean, but he registers Cas, and the animosity drops from his face and lands somewhere on the floor.
Interrupting Dean’s self-pitying is Micheal, slapping Dean roughly on the back, “C’mon losers, let’s play poker or something. You guys are depressing.”
Something in Dean’s expression changes Cas, who turns and sits at the table and with a loose hand gestures to the empty seat across from himself, which Dean takes. Cas hestiates to speak, instead busying himself with straightening the bowl of dried yellow and black flowers and a flat, curved Roman dagger that Bobby had employed on a recent hunt. As Cas’s fingers arranged Bobby’s loose change into neat stacks on the table he spoke, “There might be another way.”
Dean has to laugh at him, then, the extravaganza that he is. The other contestants bite back their smiles, but Dean knows they’re enjoying the show. Ed bumps Harry’s knee to catch his attention and point out Cas, and Aaron has been watching with rapt attention in his buzzed state on the couch.  Dean has to fit his arm snug around Cas’s back to keep him from toppling over as they start to walk, “Alright, alright, you grump. We’re sorry.”
“Producers want for Lisa… for me to talk about my family. To her.” Cas has trouble getting out his sentence, but Dean thinks the liquor in his system has nothing to do with it.
Dean shakes his head furiously, “No, not pathetic. A little unusual, yeah, but plenty of people wait. And it’s nice you’re coming onto the show for those experiences.”
Cas removes several sheets of paper from the chest which contain intricate drawings and diagrams, filled almost in their entirety with little notes in tiny, neat cursive that Dean finds hard to read, until he realizes they’re in another language, “Notes on his magic.”
Dean tries to size-up his remaining opponents, and notices Cas is unexpectedly strategic. He knows Cas isn’t a gambler, but with a pinched, brooding face that betrays no emotion he scrutinizes the cards in his hands and folds more often than he bets, holding onto most of his money and taking away a few hands. Micheal is loose-fisted and aggressive when he thinks he has something, turning away most of the others except Ketch, who meets him enthusiastically. They both make away with big pots of money but their stacks dwindle over time. Benny is the most conservative, limping and wringing his hands before slapping his cards down in a fold. Dean thinks Ash is his greatest competition, going from announcing that he is folding at the start of each hand  to spree-betting, each change of play-style throwing off Dean and letting Ash win, all the while he talks nonchalantly to them like he couldn’t care less about the game.
It was a habit they’d started where after long days of filming they’d either find a quiet space inside or slip out to the pool where they’d retire to chatting until they were both too tired to carry on. Often times other contestants would join them, especially Benny or Ash, who they were friends with, or Kevin, who they saw more as a younger brother they were tasked to protect from the alpha-male contestants. But that night Cas and Dean were alone, their conversation easy and familiar.
“I have two brothers, Gabriel and Balthazar. They were my legal guardians.  I have a younger sister, Anna, but I didn’t know of her until a couple years ago.” Cas explains, putting it in its simplest terms.
“Don’t remind me.” Dean says, faking a groan,  and then laughs a little at the next question, which he reads in his best impression of a teenage girl, “Your BFF has a new boyfriend who you know is bad news!  What do you do?”
But it’s not. It’s formless, like a song you don’t know in a language you don’t understand, but it’s soft as hell, so Dean chases it and makes lyrics from those indefinite sounds. It’s enough to constitute a kiss, a real one, and then they’re both drifting away like it hadn’t happened.
Dean’s worried about the somber tone of Cas’s voice, the cool water having a sobering effect on the both of them, because it prognosticates the kind of conversation Dean loathes to have, “Troubled about what?”
Dean’s stomach drops to the balls of his feet with an inaudible thud and he to take in a breath to try and dredge up a response, “Cas, I’m so sorry. That’s awful.” It’s the best he can do.
And then they both laugh. Dean starts telling Cas about the drama he missed when he was away, and that’s it.
“C’mon, that’d take a miracle. And with our luck, you might as well be saying your goodbyes.” Sam said, rather bitterly, and then softened as he looked to Cas, “I’m sorry. You’re gonna be on your own. I guess you have your family up in heaven, though.”
“It was both of our faults, then.” Cas isn’t exactly smiling, but he’s not exactly not smiling either, which is a win in Dean’s book. Dean can’t help but wonder what the dude would look like with a real smile, though, all teeth and wrinkles around those incredibly blue eyes.
“M’sorry.” Cas says, but it’s not laced with the cringe-inducing pity Dean is used to, “Bad shit happens to good people.”
“That’s not a good story. Besides, what’s the worst that could happen? You kiss your little crush before he dies?”
There’s also his feelings to consider. There’s only five contestants left after they said ‘adiós’ to Ash and Alfie, so at this stage Dean supposes he should be head over heels for Lisa, like Benny is. But, he does think he’s falling for Lisa and, besides, two grade-A douchebags are still walking around with the names Ketch and Micheal so Dean can’t exactly lower the quality of the dating pool.
“This thing is giving me the creeps, are you almost ready?” Dean ventures, growing impatient from where he waits on a greyish brown chair by the door.
“Cassie.” He breathes, wanting to kiss it into her skin, missing her even though she’s right in front of him.
Dean blinks, caught up in the waves of a sudden storm and close to being thrown into their ravenous depths. When he speaks his voice is pinched between two very hard spaces, “What’s wrong with what we’re doing now? I mean, c’mon. Why can’t we just enjoy this?”
But Dean’s victory turns to regret during the rose ceremony whenever there’s only a couple roses left and Cas’s name hasn’t been called yet. Dean is struck by the fear that his last interaction with Cas will have been a fight, and fidgets in his suit as Lisa plucks the second to last rose from its place and, after some deliberation, calls out Cas’s name. Dean lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding and decides that it’s just not worth it to fight with Cas.
And then, all that's hanging between them is the fact that Cas admitted his love. This comes raining down on Dean, who doesn't know how to respond without making an ass of himself. But in that moment, Dean gathers the little bits of faith he keeps securely tucked away and decides to just let himself feel. He throws in the towel, accepts the crumbling of his walls, and then there’s an amazing moment where he thinks, Cas loves me. And, I think love him. Of course we love each other, it’s been pretty damn obvious. And it has, for every laugh and smile and fight and death has proven time and time again that they care so deeply for each other.
Dean admits that, after all this time, it feels surreal having Cas back in Bobby’s house. It’d been so long since Dean had seen him that he’d forgotten the particulars of Cas’s features. They’d gotten murkey in his imperfect memory, and at times he’d even wondered if Cas was just something he’d imagined in the stress of the apocalypse, a fever-dream that’d burned away in his grief. Stalking through the hallways now, he feels Cas’s inhumanity more acutely, to the point where it’s a laughable juxtaposition to have Cas walking behind him on the ratty carpet, not making a sound.
, laying on his back in a bathtub, unconscious and stripped down to his underwear. At first glance, Dean was sure he was dead. Cas’s skin was pale and grey, and he had deep bruises under his eyes, reminding Dean of the countless corpses he’d seen laid out across tables at the morgue. Still, Dean rushed to him, hissing as his fingertips hit the icy water Cas was partially submerged in. One of Cas’s wrists was slung over the edge of the tub, and hanging from it was some type of IV, made with an entirely different technology but having the same purpose of pumping Cas full of what Dean assumed was sedatives. Dean pulls it, wincing at the spurt of blood and watching the same golden liquid from before drip from its point, confirming his suspicions. He grabs at Cas’s shoulders, trying to jostle him awake, but he realizes the purpose of the cold water is to cool off Cas's raging fever.
“He knows I’m an angel, not from here.” Cas says, causing Zulges to narrow his eyes at Cas for emphasis, “But, that means I can interpret his mind just as he can mine.”
“Lisa needs to know.” Cas says, as he returns to a standing position briefly before lounging against the concrete wall of the pool, “But just. Y’know. How am I gonna know about love? How do I know what love is? I never saw that growing up.”
They’re interrupted by Sam appearing at the doorway, beaming at them. The change in his physical appearance is immediately eminent, his face is flushed with excitement and he stands taller. Fuller, too, like he’s put back on some more of his weight, “Dean! They just told me you were awake and, guess what? They said my vitals are perfect.”
“We’d have to go to the realm of course, acquaint ourselves with its people. It’s not the first time that humans have gone there, but most can’t return.”
, yelling through his teeth that bite down onto Dean’s shoulder as his hips jump and fall, a sweet shock curling through him as he splashes all over himself and Dean. And then with an extended groan he falls back onto the concrete, chest heaving and spent.
The earth-and-ocean clash of their eyes ignites something in Dean and his hesitations are discarded somewhere in the all-forgiving water of the pool. He doesn’t look away as his hand sinks to the front of Cas’s boxers, brushing him through the fabric. Cas makes a noise like a hiss in the back of his throat and his nails leave five crescent-shaped indentations on Dean’s back.
Dean’s lips downturn and the center of his brows pinches with empathy; Dean didn’t have a perfect childhood either, but he feels Cas deserved better. He wants to help, but doesn’t know if this conversation will become something Cas regrets in the morning. Still, Dean knows being drunk doesn’t changing your desires, just your inhibitions. Deep down, Cas probably wants to vent, “Well, you can tell me about it, for practice.”
But Cas was starting to stir underneath his hands, and if he fully awoke Dean wondered if he’d be able to get himself back to the other world.
“Fine, I guess I’m marrying Cas for his money, then... I hope Lisa can cope.” Dean pretends to pout, but ends up smiling at his own joke, “What would you do?”
Benny sits next to him on the same side of the wall, even though the carpet has probably kissed the bottom of hundreds if not thousands of people’s shoes and the pea green walls are enough to make anybody sick. He leans his head back against the wallpaper and closes his eyes for a long moment before uttering, low and quick, “Listen, I’m not one to be telling you what to do, but if you two  got something, don’t discount it.”
“Does any of this look easy?” Cas’s voice holds a touch of annoyance as he gestures to the ingredients strewn in front of him and the many ‘failed’ preparations that he had deemed unfit before landing on his final concoction.
But Cas wouldn’t wake. Dean couldn't surmise if it was an effect of the medicine or something else entirely, even as he assesses Cas physically for any other problems. He tries to squash down his rage, and his repulsion, but his eyes keep falling back to the spectral blue outline of a hand against Cas’s throat, the smattering of purple up his thighs, and the crescent-moon bite marks. Dean’s eyes sting and his fingers shake, gut-wrenched.
Somehow, in Cas’s fantastic way, he understands. And then he just beams at Dean, and for the first time Dean thinks that maybe he just might be good enough. Because Dean isn’t good at love, and that’s what this is- this free-falling, dizzying thing he feels for Cas, has always felt for Cas, but Dean is who Cas picked and Dean doesn’t want to go on anymore without having this one selfish thing. He will allow himself the happiness he doesn’t think he deserves. He has no right to love the angel, but he does, and so he will let this godly creature close to his ruined soul and pray to the universe that he is forgiven for the crime of allowing an angel to love such a broken thing.
Dean feels the same unsettling relief  as when his eyes first adjusted to the dark of the cave; he sees Cas now, finally, as he whispers, “You knew it would be here.”
Benny fixes a tight-lipped mask of mild annoyance to his face, “You’re in my way, Dean. I’ve got an egg to crack.”
“You went through Cas’s stuff?” Dean’s teeth clench, his heart rate picking up as he starts figuring out where Micheal is headed.
“Yeah? Well, I’ve still got a ‘67 Impala with a cassette player. And you better bet she’s got all the best rock tapes.”
Dean turns to Cas, jerking one thumb over his shoulder to the decor as a smirk breaks out across his face, “Get a load of this guy.”
They are all silent for a moment as they take this information in, Bobby and Dean sharing glances before their eyes fall back to Sam, and for his part he squirms in discomfort at their overbearing gazes. He looks away to Cas, “Does that mean, will that make me evil?”
“Yeah, Cas, you kinda were.” Dean’s voice flares up with warmth despite the insult, and he shrugs, “I was, too.”
“Why do you think I brought all this up, brother?” Benny winks, “Think I actually wanted to play FMK like a 14-year-old boy?”
Even for the iciness of the bathwater, any of Dean’s resentment towards Cas melts and, in its stead, warmth floods through him at finding Cas alive. His panic at escaping hasn’t subsided, but he’s so caught up in the moment he’s struck with the urge to yank Cas to him and kiss him.
Dean smiles as a thank you, still strumming absentmindedly, and his fingers fumble into the opening of “Rain Song,” from sheer habit, and he soon regrets it as he has to start singing the sappy opening verse. He looks away as he stumbles and bumps over that first awkward ‘you’ that punches like a fist through the hushed air.
“Deary?” Lord Berengerus says, his voice sounding taunting, “You’re looking weak, there. Where did all your fight go?”
Cas’s frown consumes his features, his eyebrows pinching together over his eyes like a brooding umbrella, “We could, of course, remove your brother’s soul.”
“It’s not for me.” Dean waves him off as he pours a drink and, on second thought, pours another, “Well, mostly not for me. Cas hasn’t ever been drunk before.”
Sam speaks, and it carries none of the fear and anguish that Dean’s does. It’s direct, functional, “Cas, do you know who got me out? Why would someone bring me back?”
“Of course!” Dean enthuses, pretending to be appalled, “I’m— I’m offended anyone would suggest otherwise!”
“What are we doing here?” Dean whispers to Cas as they break the threshold of the bar and its members turn to fix the two travelers with a hostility similar to what they saw outside.
“You left out a big part, though.” Cas muses, looking towards the far wall and elaborating only after Dean’s prolonged silence, “The fantasy suite?”
“They…” Cas mutters, shaking his head like he’s deep in a conversation with himself and disagreeing with what he has to say, then stating, “His soul is in tatters.”
The date stretches on, to ensure that they all have ample time with Lisa, and when the sun sets they build a huge fire on the beach and sit around drinking and talking before the one-on-one segments start.
Dean’s comment doesn’t register, going by the storm clouds swirling dark and angry behind Michael's eyes, “If you have something to say to me, you can say it to my face.”
Dean sucks on his fingers absentmindedly, leaving them slick when he pulls them from his mouth, “Surprised?”
Dean could wax poetic about the passage of time, or heartbreak, but he won’t, even though he finds in moments like these his longing for Cas greatly outweighs his dislike for the angel. In the past day, especially, he’d felt the urge to pick up the phone or break down and pray nearly every time his thoughts had gone quiet, frustrating him to no end and leaving him in this state now: drinking away the night in Bobby’s dilapidated kitchen.
Cas pulls away, while the human trio look amongst themselves with varying shades of confusion and anxiety. Sam is the first to speak, placing his hand gingerly on his stomach after Cas has pulled away, “How—is that even possible?”
originally I was going to post the entirety of week eight as one chapter, but it ended up being 10k so i've divided it into two parts! DONT WORRY PART TWO IS ALREADY WRITTEN.  I am also debating whether to include the "epilogue" with it or post it as a seperate chapter.
Cas’s sentence is interrupted by his own gasp, his thighs collapsing into shudders as he begins bucking up into Dean’s hand, “I’ve never—”
“Gosh.” Lisa’s eyes close and her face screws up in anguished memory, “I miss burgers. I haven’t had one since they stuck me on this show.”
“You weren’t over her.” Cas’s voice is soft, calm like he expected something like this, “I’m just a rebound, then. A distraction.”
Seeming to hear his pleas; the water stopped. But, Cas was still unmoving, slumped against Dean’s chest. He pawed at Cas’s hair, tapping the side of his face, “Cas, wake up. Can you hear me?”
“In exchange for storming Hell I had to provide something to my siblings. I needed your help, and I knew you wouldn’t care, Dean. Don’t think that I haven’t been looking for a solution to Sam’s problem, too.”
Dean thinks, honestly, that they might kiss; it could be a demon-deal type of thing, this whole tethering-of-grace. And he finds himself somewhat disappointed that, if he and Cas were gonna kiss, it’d be like this. He’s torn between wanting to pointlessly punch Cas in the face, cursing, or leaning in to help him out.
And now it’s Cas's turn to be angry, disbelievingly angry, shaking his head and gesturing with one palm flipped up to the sky, “Who do you think pulled Sam out of Hell, Dean? Do you think that was something the angels were adamant about?”
“I would hope so, Dean.” Cas’s voice gravels out like he’s being serious, which somehow makes it worse, “That
“Hi.” Dean pipes, awkward. His shower worked the groan from his muscles and wound his nerves way down, but as far as reality-TV goes he think he and Cas might be sworn enemies, now.
Dean doesn’t make the conscious decision to punch Micheal in the face, but his fist ends up flying into Micheal’s nose anyways. There’s a crunch under his knuckles, and then Micheal’s face starts leaking blood. Micheal wheels back, looking enraged, and Dean laughs at his expression. He’s ready for a fight, but the security team pounces on them before anything more can happen.
What Dean wanted was a guitar. For the past few weeks, he had been thinking about Cas’s music problem, and how that related to Cas’s Lisa problem, and how
But, even barely through the first verse he can hear that his heart isn’t in it. It’s not like with—well, it’s just different. He’s not singing the song for her, or even himself, just the oppressive force of the cameras. It’s a bittersweet moment when Lisa gives him a standing ovation and climbs on stage to pull him down into a kiss.
tied into Dean’s secret, selfish desire to keep Cas on the show, just so he could have a friend. The idea of Cas leaving and Dean having to spend all the time in the house without his closest friend was almost intolerable. And for all of Dean’s Walkman's efforts, Cas just wasn’t loving his music. So, he thought he might change Cas’s mind in person.
“I can’t fathom why.” Cas gives him a little smile, and Dean smacks him with the magazine, “What did we get?”
“Sure was. I loved whooping your ass.” Benny starts to collect his cards from where they were neatly laid out, “Where’s Cas?”
She’s smiling again, but it’s not as present, thinking of somebody whose miles and miles away. Dean knows the feeling. “I know you’re supposed to get to know me, but my son is the most important person in my life. So, it’s important for you to know about him, too.”
“No, you’re Dean.” Cas says absolutely, distractedly flicking back water, “I know a Dean when I see one.”
She opens up her arms and that’s how Dean ends up hugging Lisa first. It’s a formality, but pleasant enough. Sam tells him that he needs to ground in moments like these, so he feels the soft skin of her back as he rests his fingertips and imagines the roughness she feels in return. She’s warm and her hair tickles Dean’s face, smelling like something pink. He tries to acquaint himself with these new sensations for the moment she’s in his arms.
The envelope had ‘Dean’ written on it in an elegant script, prompting  a thousand questions from Dean, but when he looked up they all melted from his mind, instead replaced by that gnawing sense of familiarity again, “Do I know you?”
Dean thinks con artists are truly universal, even spilling over into different realms because of the innate selfishness woven into every living being he supposes. Luckily, he knows how to deal with them, “Yeah, on second thought I think we’ve got some bad info. C’mon, Cas, let’s find someone who can actually help us. Not some grimy kid.”
Shit. Shit. Shit. Dean is so busted, it physically hurts. Dean opens his mouth to say something, anything and his voice comes out dry, “So, anyways–”
He wonders idly what Cas is doing, runs through a scenario of Cas receiving the date card and can imagine his fractional smile falling in consternation as he overthinks. The fantasy progresses and in his head Dean sees Cas smiling with Lisa on his date, holding her hand and impressing her with his knowledge of the fauna and flora of Honduras (because he would know) before kissing her easily, confidently.
“You look pretty with your face all cleaned up. My servants do a good job of it, don’t they?” Berengerus’s fingertips brush along Dean’s cheek, oblivious to the poison now circulating in the blood vessels underneath.
Tonight, Dean’s just focused on getting back to bed, especially since Cas’s arms are there to pull him close, kissing him as they entangle in bed. He knows that sleeping can transport him to places wilder than his dreams, but for now he’s happy to stay in Cas’s arms.
“Am not!” Dean spits back immediately, and then realizing his mistake gives a little awkward laugh, “I’m just asking for some advice from our resident bartender, is all.”
“I practically raised the kid, and he’s the only family I got besides my dad.” Dean wonders if Cas can hear how much he misses Sammy just from his tone of voice, “And you? You got any siblings?”
The door swings open, and what stood behind to greet them was a piggish, balding man in a barely-decent leopard-print robe, with small, dark eyes that raked generously over both of them. Dean had suspected something like this, but it did little to stop his skin from crawling. The man laughs, clutching at his hanging belly, and says in a nasally voice, “Why, you’re already late! Come in, come in.”
From the fridge Dean fishes two beers, the first of many, but seen as the kitchen has been stocked full of liquor and junk food as far as the eye can see since day one he’s not worried about running out. In fact, he nicks a bottle of whiskey and two glasses. It’s no surprise that many of the guys spend every moment of their free time with a light buzz.
"Don’t be a hypocrite, Dean. What about sacrificing yourself every chance you get, without bothering to care about who you leave behind?” Castiel growls.
Dean is close enough to see him clearly. Cas’s mouth is twisted into something raw and angry, splitting the edges of his otherwise carved and stoic features, tears running unhindered down the planes of his face like they were put there by some willing god. It seems the world is watching, and maybe it is, as he growls out the phrase, whipping low and deep into the parts of Dean that most hurt, “Fuck you, Dean Winchester.”
Cas looks close to rolling his eyes, but is, at least, forgiving, “Well, you’re going to get caught. Just now, you nearly missed a security guard.”
He’s not anxious about performance, or that he won’t like it, but maintains the ridiculous worry that if Lisa gets him undressed she’ll miraculously divine that he’s been doing...things with Cas. The movie-scene plays out in his mind: she’ll be so outraged that she’ll send him home on the spot with a big, screaming message about Dean being a homo, or something equally traumatizing.
This might’ve been one of Dean’s stupider ideas, he thinks, fidgeting with his itchy formal suit and staring out the darkened windows of the limousine all so he doesn’t have to look at the other men cramped inside. Each one is clutching a flute of champagne—
When Dean lands his first one-on-one, he’s oddly excited.  He didn’t expect to last this long in the competition, and although the one-on-one date is the first time he’s contractually allowed to leave he doesn’t think he will. Living in the house isn’t that bad, he gets to travel around the world, and maybe falling in love again will help him heal for Cassie.  Plus, he’d feel bad for leaving Cas alone in the competition when they’re supposed to look out for each other.
He hears Lisa call out to him, curious, as he runs past her and the others, but Cas is stepping out of the limo now and Dean won’t be stopped. Instead, he calls out between panting breaths, “Cas, wait!”
Her takes her advice, though, and mulls over his answer for a moment before speaking again, “I’m a friendly guy, and it’s made me some friends here at the house, but I’ve rubbed some people the wrong way, too, I’m sure.”
The team in front of them is becoming more and more pin prick-like in the distance, where objects in Dean’s vision begins to go fuzzy, “We’re not paddling fast enough!”
This leads Dean to shake his head in disbelief, a decision firmly planting itself in his head before he can think about it as he rolls to the opposite side of the bed and fishes for a plastic bag that crinkles loudly against other similarly-wrapped plastic things. When he turns back around he presses a finger to Cas’s lips, silencing any protests he was intending to offer.
“Were your brothers rude, or something?” Dean finishes his food in another bite, and wonders if it’s impolite to lick his fingertips.
He could reject it. He could go home tonight, hear Sammy’s voice on the phone. He could take time to heal from Cassie before getting back in the game, focusing on his work. But, the image that conjures seems so lonely he can’t help but to reach forward and take the rose from Lisa’s hand, still smiling, “Of course.”
Dean doesn’t hide the disgust from his face, causing Berengerus to laugh as he exits the room. Tending to Dean is the fae from earlier, Baely, which is surely not a coincidence. Baely manhandles Dean as he cleans up the wound on his forehead; apparently the health of his hostages is of utmost importance to Lord Berengerus.
Sam was nearly bedridden, now, and in just a few short weeks he’d shed much of his weight and hovered around Bobby and Dean like a helpless specter. To be fair, Dean wasn’t exactly helpful. He spent his days looking over lore, making an occasional demon run, and placing calls to far-out leads that always amounted to nothing and his nights were filled with drinking and tossing in that exhausting nightmare of the barren, black landscape that he wondered in aimlessly, this time searching always for his angel.
Dean feels lips moving against his throat and shivers as it sends a delicious shower of goosebumps racing up down his spine, “Dean, I’ve never—”
Dean doesn’t bring up the fact that Zulges spoke to him earlier, writing it off as one of Cas’s weird abilities that carried through to this realm, and watches as Zulges sets off, stepping into the air almost like he’s traveling underneath it and disappearing from their view.
“And you didn’t help?” Dean hates how his voice wobbles, how it sounds chock full of tears even if they’re just coming on from exhaustion.
“Where the hell were you?” Dean asks, face going warm and red from the crowded atmosphere of the bar.
Dean blinks in and out, but mostly out of being conscious of his surroundings as the producers chase the other contestants out of the car, fussing over their appearance and instructing them on their entrance. Dean is given a pun to use. Whatever, it’s not what matters. He gets to see Cassie again, and that’s all he’s thinking about save a brief but thorough thank-you prayer to whatever powers that be that Dean isn’t the guy they’re forcing into chicken costume. And seriously, what the hell? Dean feels like he might be in for more than he bargained for, on that account.
Dean returns to Cas and greets him with a light clap against his shoulder, “Alright, Cas. It’s time to party.”
Yet Dean isn’t one to complain as he takes his spot on top of the stage, Lisa being the only member of his audience, if you don’t count the many cameramen and producers. He likes playing the guitar, though, so when he starts playing he’s at ease, flashing Lisa a winning smile and hoping his voice sounds good on camera.
Castiel looks unsure of himself in Dean’s silence, and so he speaks, “I didn’t know if you were still awake. I just wanted to-”’
“Hey, c’mon. I’ve got an idea.” Dean stands up despite Cas’s sounds of protest and begins the long and arduous task of dragging his drunk friend off the couch, “Let’s get you some fresh air.”
Dean keeps on playing, knowing most of the song by heart despite its length, not skipping a single note on account of Cas listening. He wants Cas to really enjoy it, Dean being an unfortunate sap when it came to music, and he thinks about it as paying Cas back for being a great friend. He continues into the second verse with much more heart, meeting Cas’s eyes head-on but suddenly thinking of that accidental kiss they’d shared. He tries to squash it back down, but something about that memory has him feeling warm all over and suddenly he’s sauntering through the last verse, voice going soft as he sings to Cas. When he finishes, there’s no more strumming, ending with an extra refrain of, “Oh, but I know...that I love you so.”
“Yeah, I had.” Dean shakes his head, cursing the angel in his kitchen. The angel that had abandoned him. His eyes sear as they slide up to meet Cas’s, who has the indignity to look away. Dean continues, “And now you’re telling me he’s... again?”
“Look who decided to show up.” Dean says, mainly to dispel the tension that he can read clearly across Bobby’s skeptical face, “Feathers here is alive and kickin, after all.”
Cas is good at hiding his emotions. Which is why, when his blue eyes cool into steel and his shoulders stiffen into action, Dean imagines him as Atlas braving the weight of the world.
The rest of the night is a little hazy, unassisted by Dean’s refusal to slow his drinking, and he turns in early once they’ve stopped filming. He just wants to sleep off the events of the night and start fresh in the morning, hopefully making amends. But he only gets a couple hours of shuteye before something wakes him up.
“Sure.” Dean says, and he can’t fight the grin tickling the corners of his mouth, “What were you doing down there?”
The two women come into clearer view, and Dean is sitting at attention. Cassie is stunning. Maybe he’d expected her to look different from the eight months they were apart, but seeing her unchanged breaks his heart anew. The band aid flies off and he’s still bleeding underneath. She’s in a floor-length, red evening dress and Dean devours every inch of it, praying that it commits to his long-term memory. He fleetingly acknowledges Lisa in her cheery yellow piece with her radiant smile, and she has such a captivating magnetism that he feels bad for tearing his eyes away to settle back on Cassie, the girl who’d drawn him out here.
my soul is a nuclear reactor core and your comments are the uranium. i will give you a hug from at least three feet away if you leave a comment telling me what you like about this fic, what you hate about this fic, or something completely off-topic like telling me a long-winded theory that our dreams are actually our minds being transported into alternate realities. whatever you have to say, now is your chance. im positive i'll love it.
“I’d marry Lisa, obviously, since I already wanna put a ring on it.” Benny checks Dean’s reaction, as it’s always awkward to bring up the fact that they’re all dating the same girl, but Dean just nods along, “And for Cassie and Kevin? Well, sorry Kev, you’re like a brother to me.”
Castiel’s eyes leap down, catch a draft, then come soaring back up to Dean’s face. It reminds Dean of his stint in a reformation camp for angsty teens where the camp leader, Miller, roused them all up and asked one by one if they were ‘planning anything’. He was just a paranoid bastard, but it was the look that stuck with Dean. Like he was sizing ‘em up careful, just waiting for one wrong move.
The interior of the castle is lavish but not not overstated, yet crumbling apart like the exterior nonetheless. Dean doesn’t know why an undead magician would need furniture or a grand entryway, or any other provisions besides a decked out laboratory, but it has the strange effect of putting Dean more at ease, making it easier for him to start speaking to Cas, if only to clear out the stiff, suffocating silence of the rooms.
Cas doesn’t grin as he rakes in his winnings, so Dean thinks he’s made the right choice. But it seems Cas can’t resist gloating a little, because without prompting he flips up his cards as he sends them in to be reshuffled, not pointedly but casually, and they’re revealed to be the king and queen of clubs, not spades, meaning he just drained Dean’s wealth on a pair.
Dean swallows hard, trying not to imagine what would be worse, and instead picturing the ways he’d like to see Berengerus dead. The picture of Berengerus’s head on a pike in front of Randall’s shack is what Dean focuses on as Berengerus crosses over and slices the skin on Dean’s forehead. He’s determined not to cry out, and instead stares down Berengerus as the blood trickles into his eyes. He’s handled Hell, this is nothing.
“So, which girl are ya pulling for?” Dean’s brooding is interrupted with a soft bump of a knee against his own, and he turns to find that encroaching on his personal space is a southern gentleman type whose name Dean thinks is Benny.
“You better thank me. I just did you a huge favor.” Micheal tells him, and the baffling combination of a) Micheal talking to him and b) claiming to do anything that would help Dean, ever is what breaks Dean out of his trance.
“Cas, please.” Dean said, begging as he searches he holds Cas’s wound with one hand and searches for the baggie of flowers in his jacket with the other. Wait, didn’t Cas have it? Where were his clothes?
It takes a moment for the new players to change into their swimwear, and in the meantime Cas migrates towards Dean so there’s no question which team he’s on. To Dean’s delight, Benny joins them along with Ketch. Opposing them are Garth, Alfie, Lucifer, and Michael with the latter two bickering about being stuck with the former.
“We can look into these...missing men.” Cas interrupts Dean yet again, giving the bartender an awkward wink that leaves the guy looking more than a little uncomfortable.
She glimpses the cameras, sits upright in her seat as she flows into the performance, “So, Dean, why’d you come here?”
“No, not really.” Cas watches Dean’s mouth moving, and Dean wonders if he’s a germaphobe, or something, being a doctor and all. But, Dean’s pretty sure Cas drank beer after him, so he shrugs it off, “Although I’ve preferred salads to sweets ever since my childhood.”
“You can’t measure an emotional bond by the quantity of information known about one another.” Cas says in a measured voice, almost robotic-sounding to the untrained ear, but Dean knows better.
“I’m sorry doesn’t cut it! Why don’t you fuck off to wherever the hell you were the past six months?” Dean can’t stand to be around him, can’t stand Cas using him like this. He staggers to a standing position despite the protest of his back and legs, putting distance between them.
Dean expects to feel different, but if Cas wasn’t standing there with a furrowed, expectant expression, he wouldn’t be able to imagine the little piece of Cas wedged somewhere around his friggin’ soul.
“Had a pipe burst in my room.” He explains, blinking the sleep from his eyes and looking Dean over, trying to piece something together, “What about you?”
“Sammy.” Dean breathes, and he’s not sure who he’s speaking to, but inviting his brother into a hug.
Cas is unamused. Especially whenever the first skeleton, the Cas doppelganger, leaps up and tackles the real Cas. Dean immediately yanks the book off the table and holds it far above his head, preparing to use it to smash in the skeleton’s skull. The other skeleton, however, has pulled a knife from between his ribcage and flails it wildly at Dean.
Dean kisses him in earnest, now, sucking a warm red mark into Cas’s skin. Cas’s fingers stroke absentmindedly against Dean’s back as he waits, and when Dean pulls back he sees Cas’s face, a mask of peace. Dean brushes his finger across the pink impression of his mouth and, realizing how wrinkled his fingers have become, pecks one last kiss to Cas’s neck and stands.
“I’ve never experienced… that, with someone.” Cas finally manages around his loud, rapid breaths. He swallows, “Well, I hadn’t.”
Cas shoots Dean a beyond obvious  look and he gets the sense that there’s something important about eating food, even though he’s never seen something further from appetizing. He takes a hesitant bite and is surprised by the flavors that assault his senses. He almost wants to spit it out at first because of the disconnect between his eyes and taste buds. The meat tastes almost like honeyed ham, with the red-and-orange fruit roll-up thing tasting like fresh bread, with a hint of cheddar. The vegetable is like a soda that has gone flat in the heat of the day but with an added bite of peppery freshness. Dean gets used to it and even starts to enjoy it, eyeing Cas who picks at his food as he converses with the bartender.
As soon as they reach the stairs they’re met with safety, taking the steps two at a time and stopping once they’re at the top. The books have abandoned them and now fly around the bottom of the staircase like hawks circling for prey, and they along with the rest of the furniture sulk away, dejectedly, back to their posts.
Dean’s face screws up in resistance at first, cheeks pinching up high and teeth bearing almost in a snarl but then he falters, all the fight drained from his expression, and his face instead sinks into a draw out, given-up sigh. He swallows, tells the truth, “Not anymore.”
Cas stares at him blankly, “It is one of the lesser realms of the fairies, not as powerful but forbidden to angels nonetheless.”
Dean skirts the sides of Cas’s ribs and Cas trembles, ticklish. It leaves Dean smiling as his mouth finds a home underneath Cas’s ear, moving down his jaw and meeting the bristle of stubble. Even with the water, Dean can taste the spice of aftershave in the hollow of Cas’s throat and it makes his lips tingle as he brings them back up to Cas’s.
Dean swallows, battering back the sirens in his head. He follows them to a small room with a working set-up of monitors and technology that Dean doesn’t pretend to understand lining the walls. It’s clearly behind-the-scenes, and he’s not sure why he’s here as they direct him to sit down. Then, they pounce on him.
“I could ask you the same.” Dean’s voice is light as he leans against the black wrought fence and claps his hands together on the other side, but when Cas’s gruff expression proves unwavering he sighs, going for the more sincere, “I needed to clear my head.”
It dawns on Dean that they didn’t just have the footage of the pool, but probably the countless moments in between, all of the times they’d thought they had a moment to themselves.
Dean, who should probably be helping Castiel, instead watches as Castiel loses his grip and their kayak goes skittering away. Standing there, looking dumbfounded and pissed to Hell and back, Dean wants to laugh. He also wants to curse. He doesn’t know which to act on, so he takes off his shirt.
“And Michael, geez, he was an even bigger—” Dean had gotten to filling Cas in about Michael being in his usual humor, annoying with an extra dose of douchebag, but trails off as Michael himself enters the room.
By the time filming wraps up, he’s pretty exhausted and relieved to get off the beach. Cas ended up falling asleep sprawled out on the sand, so Dean and Ketch silently agree on pouring a bucket of frigid seawater over his back in order to rouse him. He gives Dean the silent treatment as they part ways.
The connection is enough to stir Cas’s grace, still connected to Dean, and it leaps back into the angel through his mouth. He feels it flooding into him and he staggers into full power, closing his eyes so that the flash of light won’t be visible to their audience.
Dean stands, his fist itching to curl, "What were you even thinking? That you’d just- what? Love and leave a guy?”
Dean rolls his eyes, laughing under his breath as he goes inside to shower. He beats the others, who will scrap for the remaining bathrooms, and returns downstairs warm with still-wet hair dripping onto his stretched AC/DC shirt. He plops down next to Cas, who still smells faintly of chlorine and is peeking over the edge of a medical textbook.
“You should leave.” Cas breaks through the silence of the room, almost speaking to himself, “I’m– I’ll tell Lisa I’m leaving before the rose ceremony.”
After a long moment Cas sprawls out over him, his arms and legs fitting into the gaps of Dean’s and his face is pressed into Dean’s neck. Dean is relaxed, still blissed-out and jelly-limbed as he absentmindedly strokes Cas’s bare back. They don’t move for a long time, long enough that Dean cools and finds himself grateful for his human blanket. He could lie here forever.
Dean reads the room, swallows, and strikes for lighthearted, “I was just telling Cas here that you looked handsome up on your horse, Michael.”
It’s different hugging Cassie. He draws her in quick and she startles, then relaxes in his embrace. He knows what Cassie smells like, knows how his hands meet the dips and swells of her. And yet he’s a stranger coming back. Unwelcomed in his own home.
so i actually have the rest of this written already sans a few scenes, but i'm doing wanderingcas's december writing challenge so I'm hoping to knock out those last scenes before the end of the year and get the rest uploaded for y'all. im also a senior in high school, though, and will probably have brain rot from finals and such. wish me good luck >_<
“Do you have a name?” Dean recites into the 9-volt battery between them, “Or should I call you mine?”
of the air conditioner, the type of jungle-humid night that leaves Dean tossing in his constricting sheets, skin beading with salted sweat and buzzing with restlessness so that he’s hyper aware of the tug of linen, the scratchy cheap comforter, and each droning sigh that he unleashes to the cavernous room around them. Dean lets out a huff of surrender and sits up, drawing the eyes of Cas whose wide-awake and statue-still on his own bed. There’s a question unfurling across his face, his eyebrows rising to the occasion.
His clipped anwer and curt tone draws uneasy looks from the other contestants, most of which are content to leave Dean alone. Don’t poke a sleeping bear, and all. Going against his natural tendency to wise-crack and charm, the first unfurlings of discomfort bud in Dean’s chest but he reminds himself that he’s not here to make friends. It’s gonna be a long night.
Dean feels clammy, nervous sweat bubbling up on his skin despite him wiping it away so that it isn’t caught under the view of the camera. His heart catches every time he sees Cas get close to Lisa, and sinks into relief everytime he walks away. That’s why he sees Cas’s face flash with mild surprise when Lisa calls out, “Cas?”
Cas, on the other hand, speaks with the utmost sincerity, “I want to hear more about this television trope, later.”
Besides looking for a cure for his brother’s illness, he and Bobby tried to determine what had brought Sam back. They scoured news reports for anything omen-related and even checked out the site where Sam had popped back up, but they couldn’t outwardly detect any angelic activity. Dean morbidly entertained that  this whole thing could be a ploy by the angels to punish him for stopping the apocalypse, bringing Sammy up only so Dean could watch him get sick and die all over again.
“C’mon, you have to know something!” Dean shouts, standing from his chair in annoyance and finding him squaring off with Cas, staring at him and desperate for any sort of answer.
Lord Berengerus was too quick, grabbing Caleb and forcing a cloth to his face and as the smaller man struggles against him announcing, “The price of success.”
Two beefy guys seize Dean, and he lets them take him, knowing when he’s lost. He’s sure he’s done it now; they don’t tolerate violence on the show. Strangely enough, laughter bubbles from deep from his chest and leaks out of him, an unstoppable stream. He stifles giggles as they sit him in an outdoor patio, remembering Micheal’s expression and thinking about his impending punishment with equal parts chagrin and relief.
“Thanks for the help.” The bartender says, but he doesn’t sound that grateful, “I’ll getchu a list of the families names, you can start by talking to them.”
“Sure. Let’s do it.” Dean raps his knuckles impatiently on the table, just shy of a chopping board full of diced mushrooms, figuring that understanding the mechanics behind something like this was better left for those dusty dudes sitting with their chins on their palms.
He hears footsteps coming down the hallway and must flee to the closest room: the master bathroom, and just in time as he hears the door swing open and the voices of Caleb and Lord Berengerus greet him.
Dean parts his mouth to say something but Cas snares Dean’s words in the net of his mouth, sealing off their escape with a searing kiss that sends blood to thirty different places in Dean’s body at once. Cas drags his hot, furious lips across Dean’s and leaves him collapsing against the bed and he struggles to entangle their tongues.
They’re at a little, normal-looking farm with a young, feisty woman named Izzy with her black hair cut around her face to reveal two pointed ears. She strokes the beast rather lovingly, and it bats its big, dumb eyelashes against her touch.
He packs away his gear in preparation for check out, his phone ringing as he zips up his duffel bag. The caller ID tells him it’s Bobby, and he hesitates to answer. He’d gone real quiet there for a while, right after it all went down, and while Bobby had given him hell for making him think Dean was dead, he’d let Dean come back at his own pace. He still doesn’t call unless it’s something important, but he calls.
Dean’s stomach sinks at the threat, both in loathing for these pretentious angels and in fear for his brother’s life, a fear that had already been acute in his mind and now received a revival.
“I’m ready. Are you ready?” Cas asks, and when Dean nods he tips back the first preparation—the one with Dean’s blood—into his mouth and the sight makes Dean want to gag.
It felt like something had changed. Dean looks around at the remaining  contestants with the same reverence found in the eyes of two strangers hunkering down under the awning of a bus stop during an unexpected storm, the kinship there unfounded and fleeting but nonetheless real. They stare back at him with the same. Something had  definitely changed.
The entire ride only lasts about a minute, but for Dean it’s centuries. When his feet finally hit solid ground, he lets out a breath of relief and counts his blessings. Cas and Ketch–who’ve already gone–make fun of his ghost-like complexion and he glowers at them.
“Dean.” Cas’s lips form his name and sighs it out, where it cuts Dean right to stomach. Dean wants to pummel down the next phrase, but it leaps out before Dean can even process its predecessor, “We can’t keep doing this.”
Cas picks up the fake Dean by himself, using his extraordinary strength, and slides Dean through the mirror.
It turns out Cas's victory doesn't matter much, as Ash manages to wrangle every last chip from them before promptly passing out drunk on the couch. Dean supposes even a drunk genius is still a genius. After that, it's the general consensus that they all turn into bed, as it's nearing three in the morning. With Ash away, it's just Cas and Dean in their room, and he wonders if Cas can hear the constant, slo-mo repeat of their kiss that Dean's got on full-screen in his head, try as he might to shut it out. Cas doesn't give any indication that he can, just eyes Dean a bit whenever Dean flops down on his mattress much harder than necessary, squeezing his eyes shut and hoping for sleep. An hour later and Dean thinks he has claim to the title of  'world's worst insomniac'.
Dean can’t tell if his eyes are open or closed, at first. But he realizes he’s in that same dark place that had haunted his dreams for weeks. He must be dreaming, now, disoriented by the inky blackness before him.
He notices he’s dwelling, and dismisses his thoughts of Cas with a sigh, pulling a pillow flush to his chest. He doesn’t imagine it’s anyone, of course, even if he’s snoring soon after that.
“Who goes there!” booms a voice from inside the cabin—and seriously,  are they in some kind of cheesy movie? Dean sees a young, thin guy with greasy black hair wearing dark, tattered and faded ceremonial clothes at the entrance of the house. At best, he looks like an overgrown teenager and any shrivel of intimidation that might’ve been within him evaporates on the spot.
The light pollution from the city still spills over their view of the sky but it’s less, up here, and there’s yet to be a starry night that’s less than breathtaking, with or without excess light muddying it up. Wispy white clouds frame the horizon non-threateningly, and the moon cuts a near-full shape through the blanket of dark with its pinprick star accompaniments.
Dean resists the urge to call him a dork for worrying about it in the first place; he knew Lisa would like him, “That’s awesome. You feel better now?”
“It doesn’t follow the narrative we’re trying to create, frankly.” Max chimes, “But if it continues, we’ll be forced to kick you off the show and the audience will want a reason.”
“Sheesh, you sound like my brother.” He says, even if he’s a touch flattered, “He’s pre-law on a full ride, but he was proud of
. It seemed interesting enough, though, a high-school teacher turned meth cook. And the guys liked it, they piled on the couches until every available seat was taken and some of them sat on the floor. Nobody was eliminated last week, so with ten contestants around the place was still pretty crowded. Though Benny was fond of most of them, he was excited to see some of those spots on the couches clear out, as long as he wasn’t one of them.
Not that he cares what people think, Dean reflects, as he glimpses Cas across the room, who’s eyeing him with something like pity with his royal blue suit making his eyes dance like they’re on friggin’ fire, or something, coiled balls of heat lightning fanning across a tumultuous sea. Every shade of blue. And then Dean’s distracted as he finds his mouth on Lisa’s, hands flying to her waist as he impolitely nudges his tongue past her lips with mislaid enthusiasm. He takes his time, savoring the kiss and extending its ending with a peck to the side of her mouth. She’s blushing and smiling, clearly dazed by the unexpected kiss. Dean just beams right back, and if Cas’s murderous expression is the cherry on top, so be it.
The year has just begun to kiss spring—the harsh cold softened by the warmth of new life. The changing seasons offer such a contrast to their lives that Dean can’t help but to marvel at how stuck they are: because after everything, after seeing tears falling like stars from Cas’s eyes and choking on the raw grief that only comes from losing family, Cas leaves. It seems like an infinite thing, and perhaps it is, that Cas leaves when Dean needs to see him most. Even though Dean’s an old friend with big mouths at death’s door, Cas’s words have always made a habit of taking Dean apart in some irreparable way.
In order to help them along, the contestants are permitted to pair up with another contestant to form teams of two. Dean picks Cas, of course, and knows that, unlike last time, they’ll be able to work as a team to secure the win for them both. Cas and Dean head to their station and are pleased to see they’re across from Benny and Kevin, who make up another team.
“You’re right.” He says again, looking at her. She’s something sweet crusted over, crystalline. Then he shakes his head, and the moment passes, “Sorry, um. Anyways, you look beautiful tonight.”
On the next group date, the contestants are tasked with a mixology class that will let them get to know Lisa while demonstrating their knowledge of drink making. Dean’s excited, in addition to knowing his way around a bar he’s being joined by some of his favorite contestants: Benny, Kevin, and of course, Cas. In fact, most of the contestants are going except for Andy, Aaron, and that weird guy Raphael who Dean always forgets about. With only 13 contestants left, everyone was getting more time with Lisa.
Dean gets a thrill when Castiel says his name in that bitter voice and from how bright and icy his blue eyes get, and it pains him that he’s in love with the whole damn thing. It reminds him so much of when Castiel, angel of the lord, appeared before him on that first day like an untamed, dazzling  monster that could destroy anything in it’s path. Castiel was something else, something mysterious and incomprehensible. Even when Castiel was human, he was always something else.
“In that case, I’m down.” Dean says, and despite his cynic nature the weight in his chest begins to ease.
Cas gingerly accepts the beer but raises a hand to silence Dean’s celebration, stating, “I’m taking this because a drink sounds nice, not because I’m ready to ruin my liver.”
Cas flicks off the lamp and, while their roommates Ash and Lucifer will filter in at some point, for now it’s just the two of them that are submerged in darkness. It reminds Dean of his exhaustion, but as tired as he is he can’t help but smile as Cas tells him, “Sweet dreams, Dean.”
“Isn’t that why you’re here?” Dean doesn’t like looking at Cas and remembering how often he’s prayed to him, the whole thing feeling too much like a string of sorely ignored voicemails.
Dean feels a little bruised but otherwise is okay, even if his ribs ache, but he eyes Cas’s battered face and the trickle of blood coming from his right temple courtesy of a particularly aggressive book. He clears his throat, “What the hell was that?”
It’s not like his heart bursts into a cascade of broken mirror shards that embed themselves into his soft organs or some other frilly metaphor, but it’s fine. They progress to the bedroom and he does all the right things, checks them off like it’s a list, before the nerves start biting at him again. Neither one of them are undressed yet, so he excuses himself to take a shower.
Michael, lounging on the couch and looking a little red-faced himself, peers over a magazine clutched in his claws and looks Cas coolly up and down, “I say drink up.”
“You aren’t allowed to do that to us, to me! You’ve screwed us over so many times, Cas. You’ve hurt us by throwing yourself away, by coming into our family then leaving! You’re supposed to be my best friend!” Dean is yelling now, he’s so caught up in the moment, and he wishes that Castiel would just hit him or smite him or anything, really, instead of staring at him in way that Dean can’t help but to think, He loves me. He loves me. He loves me.
“You’re right.” He mutters, praying that the editors cut up this conversation so that it’s even passibly normal.
Dean doesn’t mourn that lost conversation, especially as the director who Dean now recognizes as Rowena, she seems to be somewhat of a top dog around here, is barking at them in a thick accent, “Everyone settle down! We’re about to start rolling.”
And suddenly, Cas is above him. Dean finds his arms are pinned to the bed and Cas is straddling him, “Really? None of my business?”
At last, he was permitted to use a guitar for a day, since he had been complaining so much about how his skills were getting rusty. It was like Christmas morning, the other guys crowded around him as he carried it through the house and straight up to his room, no time to waste since they had things to get on with that day. In fact, Dean was supposed to be going for his second one-on-one date later.
“M’not drunk.” Cas says stubbornly, breaking away from Dean and moving defiantly  towards the deep end.
“Hello, Dean.” His voice sounds like hearing rain on a roof, hushed and apprehensive but solidly there. It’s a stark contrast to the Cas from earlier, who hit Dean with his oar in an ‘accident’.
I miss you like hell. I’ve got so much I wanna tell you whenever I finally get to talk to you again. But I’ll jump right into it.
He can’t squash the dialogue in his head, wondering what Cas would think if he were here. He imagines Cas would probably have some weird telepathic animal bond, siccing the monkey on Dean instead and rolling his eyes at Dean being scared of jellyfish, citing some bullshit fact about how jellyfish are the most docile creatures in the sea. He’s not here to make comparisons, but they come anyways.
In his dream, Dean’s watching Sammy put together a poster for his high school science fair. He’s sitting in the living room of his childhood home, and Sammy keeps pestering him to go look for glue sticks. Just as he’s about to get up, his dad comes thundering down the steps.
Shit. Dean remembers the task at hand, and calls back, “It’s up to you. I’ll be out in a sec, just gotta rinse my hair.”
Thanks for joining me for the next installment of this fic! earlier I'd planned to have this in three chapters, but now I'm thinking more like five? whoops. but I hope you enjoy! it would've been up earlier but i needed time to emotionally recover from ep 15.09. 0-0!!!!! y'all know what I'm talking about.
“Then take me, Cas.” Dean’s reply is instant, unthinking, and yet he’s grinding into Cas and guiding his hand to where he needs it.
Dean watched, bewildered, as the young man turned and left to a horse-drawn carriage that Dean hadn’t even seen approaching, and as he was carted away Dean suddenly realized why he’d looked so familiar. Dean had spoken to his wife, Matilda, and his daughter, Maxine. That man’s name was Jacob, and he’d been missing for over a week.
Dean had stopped listening after the ‘yes’, instead his thoughts had taken a darker turn and yet, the more he’d thought, the more it made sense, until despite being afraid to ask he was compelled to, “Is there even a cure for Sammy here?”
“Kiss your angel, Dean.” The voice held no warmth, dripping like murky, violent waters, “Your pining is pathetic.”
Then, at last, their solace is the opening of the smaller cavern. Dean hears Cas tumble out first and he is close to follow, just as another attack of fire bursts out from the opening in the wall and barely misses the tops of their heads and Dean realizes that, actually, they’re screwed. That is, until Cas pushes Dean out of the way.
“Hm...okay.” Cas pauses, drawing down the light of the moon as he blinks up at it, “Lemme tell you, an’ you tell me how to tell her.”
“No, it’s fine, Cas, really. I guess you really can’t trust angels, huh?” Dean turns his head away, “You lying is just the icing on the cake.”
Dean thinks he should’ve kept his mouth shut, especially as the very drawer Cas was working on whirrs to life, jumping towards them both like some twisted reincarnation of Beauty and the Beast. As Dean stumbles back he falls into a couch, which in turns wheels on him and begins to attack. All throughout the room, the unused furniture sheds off a layer of dust and revs up in order to fight Cas and Dean.
“No, I know that.” Dean says, and there’s a hint of a roar in his voice, if it were to elevate, “I mean, why were after the lich this whole time?”
Cas’s mouth parts, like he’s about to say the obvious, “I didn’t need it” but there’s a few things he’s learned about humanity and Dean Winchester is one of them, “You’ve been a great help, Dean.”
Later, when Cas gets sent on the group date and Dean is the one staying behind, he’s decidedly bored. The only other contestants left at the house are Ketch and Micheal, and since Dean isn’t talking to Micheal anytime soon he instead tries to make small talk with Ketch, though he’s always found Ketch grating; something about the way he talks sounds like a Lifetime movie. After a backhanded comment about Dean being a mechanic–and, c’mon, Ketch is an attorney–Dean goes into the kitchen.
Dean continues, tucking the masking tape into Benny’s hands, “Once I’m in the room, tape it up for me.” He can’t resist winking, just for good measure.
To Dean’s relief, Cas' ribs heave under Dean’s hands as he coughs, blinking his eyes open. Hazy, they focus on Dean and Cas’s face splits into a dopey, exhausted smile as he says hoarsely, “Dean.”
“I got a favor from one of the producers, I thought you should hear some real music.” Dean says, cheeky and nervous at the same time.
It was pathetic how his heart soared whenever a flutter of wings announced the arrival of an angel in the kitchen, but his excitement soured into fight-or-flight when he saw that it wasn’t Cas, but a goofy-looking tax-accountant type. Dean stuttered to his feet with a mild sway and tried to recall any sort of defense, settling for stammering a, “W-who are you?”
By the time Dean makes it down to the living room most of the other contestants are there, overflowing the furniture at the direction of the directors, who are trying to get everyone into a good shot. Dean is flushed along to an empty seat next to a guy who sits rigidly, eyes slinking and sliding over every contestant like he’s tallying up their flaws and virtues, stacked and ready to deliver.
Dean gets himself dealt into a card game with Ed, Harry, and Kevin—there’s never a shortage of games at the mansion; everybody is trying to kill time—and relishes in the fact that none of them have a poker face, winning himself a pile of Skittles.
He needs Cas to wake up back in their own world, angelic power restored, so his marks would fade and the color would return to his skin. But miracles didn’t often happen to Dean. So he sinks his hands down further into the tub, ready to hoist Cas out, but hesitates. He didn’t know what to do next. Lord Berengerus still had an army of fae downstairs, how could he get out of here with Cas still unconscious?
“Dean.” Cas pleads with his eyes and his mouth, for a forgiveness he has no right of asking for. “I’m sorry.”
They sit in silence for a moment, each assessing their own injuries and marveling at the fact that they got out alive. As the adrenaline fades and his heart rate falls, Dean’s anger returns.
“Cas—” Dean starts and breaks off, because truthfully there is nothing he can say to remedy Cas’s awful situation. Instead he brushes his hand over Cas’s shoulder in a mild gesture of comfort.
