“My bed or yours?” he whispered.
The kiss goes on for another moment before Sherlock finally flings hesitation and self-assessment to the wind and opens his mouth to make it less chaste.
“No, but your tapping is. You’re tapping your fingers, stop that.” Sherlock waves his hand in in the general direction of where John sits in his chair and resumes examining the filaments in the cardstock. Daylight is rapidly fading and he has half a mind to tell John to switch on the lights in the kitchen when, abruptly, exactly that happens.
“Sherlock, someone knows we’re here…”
It took a bit of uncoordinated and awkward manoeuvring, but when Sherlock was lying naked underneath him with John’s hands on his hips and arse - and what a glorious arse it was, John had to make a mental note of getting a good look at it the next available moment - it was just the next logical step to hoist one of his legs onto his shoulder and nuzzle the tender skin of Sherlock’s inner thigh with his nose. Sherlock gave an odd sound, something in between a moan and a sob, and his legs spasmed.
__________________
John snaps him out of his reverie when he suddenly squirms and loosens his arms around him. He looks a bit contrite. “I’m sorry— I need to get up or else you have to call on the next hospital for my back before we’ve had any fun— “
Sherlock opens a direct pathway to John’s premises in his mind palace to let the rush of sensation channel unfiltered into the venue. The kiss heatens and proves to be much more than he’s bargained for with the additional contact of their bodies spilled along one another. Briefly, he wonderes if this was to be expected, this extraordinary feeling of kissing the one your heart goes out to and if someone, anyone, who’s walked this particular line has ever felt as special, as overwhelmed and... happy as he feels now. John hums and grazes his teeth down Sherlock’s jaw to his pulse point. Where he starts sucking lightly and Sherlock’s control slips magnificently. The whole mind palace becomes one big cathedral to which John has all the keys and rings the bell and Sherlock accidently unsettles the lyrics to Tom Lehrer’s Elements and deletes the taste of unripe chinese jujube.
John decided to give him as a present. It’s a mystery he
. He doesn’t usually want to get close to people, both in physical as in psychical ways. It’s tedious, it’s just too much. And it is dangerous, he knows it is. People do just so many questionable and stupid things out of sentiment. They get lost and Sherlock doesn’t want that.
Sherlock snorts.
John finally finds her in the late afternoon of the second day. They had followed the water flow through a tunnel into an underground pool and John had half-crouched under a barrier to get a proper look, his torch illuminating dark adjacent tunnels and old dirty brick walls while leaving the gun in his hands in the shadows.
John huffed again.
If some of those encounters had been of a romantic nature Sherlock find himself unable to deduce. It is not like he can go and ask John about them and digging into John’s history, tracking down people who have served with him to obtain data is just a tad too obsessive, even for him.
“Anderson said that?” John wonders and glances at Sherlock as if to prompt a snarky retort but all Sherlock can do is fall backwards on to his stool and clear his throat before trusting his voice with something as elaborate as speech. Something like cold rain crashes into him and where he has been bashful and overwhelmed before, he now is positively vibrant with white hot anger.
That’s… What’s that supposed to mean?”
Their glasses clinked, Lestrade drank happily, John smirked and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Sherlock didn’t have the grace to blush or look sheepish.
“I never took you for granted, John, never,” John heard Sherlock reply in that deep baritone of his and there was just a hint of trembling there, belying his calm and controlled demeanor. Suddenly John was so tired. He certainly didn’t feel in a condition to fight just now. He hung his head before looking at Sherlock again. If felt a bit like giving up, though, and his voice had lost all its sharpness when he said:
“We’re here, Greg, yes,” he says, “why are you?”
Sherlock eyes them for a moment longer before he puts the box onto the table, snaps on one nitrile glove and picks out the foxglove flower, carefully so he doesn’t damage it. “Molly, I need to examine this and I need you to list all the toxins in this flower that have no natural business being there.”
Instead of answering John only glowers at him, blue eyes dangerously dark and narrow, grip still steadfast around his wrist. They glare at each other for a moment in looks that could cut diamonds before John relents under Sherlock’s incredulous stare, and though he removes his hand he still hovers close. The twitch Sherlock feels under his sternum at that is mildly distracting but, really, how can John be so illogical and think a trick like blowing up the flat could work twice. He removes the lid carefully anyway.
. Wining and dining, holding hands and kisses in the dark. Oh, don’t give me that look,” he demands when Sherlock scowls because John has so hit the nerve. Shaking his head, John contemplates him and what he sees makes him narrow his eyes a bit, thus deepening the crinkles around them. “You’re always so deprecatory towards the things you’re too… I don’t know… embarrassed to show you want?” John finishes and Sherlock is fighting a hard war against all the sentiments that are threatening to show on his face. He blushes furiously with the effort and at being caught out.
He had fled 221B and rented a room in another part of the city. During his first night out in his new flat when he had tried to calm down with whisky he realized how much life with Sherlock had truly fulfilled him and what he was going to live without now. He missed their crime solving and the outstanding amount of trust and comradeship the soldier in him had always found so appealing. He had asked for a miracle, for Sherlock not being dead but for two solid years he dragged himself from day to day, trying to cope, trying to be a normal guy with a normal life, trying to blend in and hide the pain. He met uncountable women but felt only briefly blissful.
John has the twinkle back in his eyes when he says that, the emotional investment behind it clear and accessible. It makes Sherlock smirk and snuggle closer, accommodate where John’s strong arms come around him. They slide into a kiss again, chastely, and Sherlock has never before felt so complemented. He lets it all drift away – the case, the morning, the world – until nothing is left but the smell and taste of John and how his skin feels beneath Sherlock hands. If this game they’ve played for twenty-two days now - circling each other, occupying space in each other’s minds, while Sherlock has first curiously and then desperately tried to solve the mystery – if this all is indeed a game, then Sherlock has lost it, has lost himself thoroughly in this maze that is all John and the concept of
Sherlock’s mouth opened, but no sound came out. John temporarily had the feeling Sherlock may have wanted to say something completely different. Unbidden pictures came into his mind of how a night out between them could potentially end. Him, lying in Sherlock’s bed, dark curls in his face, gentle pressure on his hips, soft lips catching on his name…
"You're wearing your favorite shoes, your hair looks good, you left with an aura of anticipation and now you're back after only a few hours with hunched shoulders and an air of gruffness, ready to spend your night with booze at home. But that’s probably too obvious.“
Lestrade delivers this final statement with the force of a punch and Sherlock shakes with the blow.
And then, as if this all wasn’t enough anyhow, there was the drug issue. The media had cannibalized on the Sherlock’s “suicide” two years ago and had played it out for weeks. They had done the same when he resurfaced a few weeks ago along with columns, reports and stories about his damaged reputation. John still found bits of news about that online and in print nearly every day in different magazines and newspapers. The media was giving them a hard time winning back Sherlock’s good reputation and John was always glad when he read the approving and benevolent comments most users still shared on John’s blog, even though he hadn’t updated it in months or on several online papers. He wondered what the media would do if they knew about Sherlock’s renewed drug issues.
can certainly make you act nice with your landlady, young man,” Mrs. Hudson tuts, her eye brows the epitome of fond disapproval and Sherlock is close to getting into a strop.
But Lestrade misses the cue and scrunches his eyebrows at John in disbelief.
John nods. “Yes, Sherlock, I do. Very much.”
Sherlock’s heart had fluttered in his chest and he was very, very close to texting
"Why are you taking my cups away?" he inquired indignantly, shutting down his laptop.
“The one you kept texting at the lab.”
“That is not the point, Mycroft. I can handle anger, I just cannot handle this.”
John’s last words are barely more than a whisper and it’s probably that what tips it over for Sherlock. He feels amenable where John is part of any emotional picture and if missing John so much throughout the horrible time span of only six days had taught him anything, then this is not the moment for procrastination.
John really couldn’t say afterwards how it happened, but Sherlock was quite calm when he came out of the bathroom and took the chair next to John’s bed again. His face was clean now, and John had to admire Mycroft’s taste in fashion. The purple shirt suited Sherlock’s dark curls and fit him just perfectly. He noticed he was staring.
Out of the corner of his eyes he sees John smile at him. His adrenalin high subsides instantly, leaving him suddenly flustered and nervous. John glances at him again.
He pursed his lips and John saw how his brain labored to work the right words into his mouth.
. “And when we do it, Sherlock, and we will, then I‘ll make sure I get your full attention on me, nothing less.” The moment is gone a second later while Sherlock is still too stunned to answer coherently. “Look at me. You’re brilliant, you’re beautiful. I cannot image anymore how I’ve managed to wait all this time to have you here. I never thought I'd actually get there at all." John abruptly swallows as if he's made a mistake he wants to rectify. As if he’s shown too much. "Let me hold you, please.”
“That’s what I want,” Sherlock whispered and rolled his hips upwards against John’s, making them both gasp again.
“I don’t like this,” John says a second later, clearly unsure of whether to let Sherlock keep at it or drag him off to safety and call a SWAT team. Sherlock cracks a half-smile. “Oh, I do.”
If it would have been solely sexual desire, that could easily be remedied. But John was past delusion… it was more… so much more… making his body ache in places he didn’t know could hurt so bad. The last time he had suffered so much was when Sherlock had died. And that imprint on his very soul had never truly gone away…
It’s somewhat ridiculous, though, to think about the press of skin on skin (multi-receptory as it might be, but that's just background knowledge, is it?) in terms of light and sound and festivity. He’s kissed before, done this before for the sake of both science and inventive curiosity. But it has never been like this. Never been like it is with John’s strong pulse against his lips and tongue, matching his own heart rate. Suddenly there is a moan hiding in the back of Sherlock's throat and for a moment he is afraid to exhale and let it slip out. John‘s tongue touches his in steady thrusts, swirls against his bottom lip and tastes of milk and honey, tea, of cucumber— intertwined with laid-back Sundays. With adventures and contradiction, all entangled with the smell of the air before a storm. All tart and crisp and male and strong. It’s the loveliest flavor.
John’s name gets stuck somewhere between his Adam’s apple and tongue in the process. Someone gasps audibly and Sherlock cannot obviate that it definitely wasn’t him but it is of no real importance whatsoever.
It works quite well when he’s back at NSY and busy collecting evidence.
“What are you doing, Sherlock?” he hears John ask and when he looks up, John has his eyes narrowed again and glares at him.
Disclaimer:
But Sherlock shook his head, firmly.
John’s body suddenly twitches and when Sherlock turns his head up to look at him, John sits on the armrest of Sherlock’s chair, facing him. There is something in his eyes where they go dark and deep. John stoops and Sherlock doesn’t know what happens but something has definitely shifted as John’s face descents onto him and his arms come around him in a firm embrace.
“Or are you setting so much store into this stupid clinking of glasses, looking into each other's eyes and how bad sex cannot happen to you with that? Did you clink your glass with that woman tonight? Lots of good it did you."
“What?”
John swallows audibly. “It must be someone romantic, at least at heart, and who knows you well enough to not mind that you aren’t.”
John’s voice got stuck in his throat but the dam was broken and then they were kissing again and Sherlock pulled him back onto the couch where John came to lie on top of him again and this time there were no restrains and nothing. Sherlock had let his guard down and had decided to trust him and John knew how he would never do anything that would betray him or make him regret that trust.
“We don’t know who sent it,” John elaborates and Sherlock is a bit taken aback by the helplessness in his voice. If it wouldn’t be so completely far-fetched he’d say John…
This is incredulous, Sherlock decides. “Mrs. Hudson, you’ve known John and me for five years now,” he says, displeased. “What on earth gives you the idea he’d give me flowers? I don’t need flowers, flowers are
His voice sounded ragged and he had to close his eyes and breath deeply in the attempt to keep himself in check. His leg slit from John’s shoulder and John sat up on his knees, his trousers unbearably tight.
“Ah.”
“We wait until the dealers show up.”
He is momentarily saved when John fully steps into the sitting room and rakes a hand through his wet hair. It’s only a moment, though, before the urge to resume their game becomes virtually overwhelming and Sherlock has the pressing feeling he cannot possibly go on if he doesn’t assure before that nothing has changed between them while at the same time everything has changed when he looks at John.
Sherlock sulks.
“Are you alright? Tea is ready in a moment,” he hears John say. He sounds wary, his eyes huge pools of concern. His face is still a bit dirty around the hairline even though they’ve both tried to wash off most of the muck at the morgue.
Whatever it is his face is portraying at the moment must be reason and explanation enough for John to react though. Sturdy hands grab at Sherlock’s chest and propel him back into the sitting room where John pushes him backwards into his chair.
Molly smiles. “Maybe he wants to cook for you tonight or will you take him out to dinner?”
They finish their breakfast in amicable if a bit sulky silence on Sherlock’s part and then John occupies himself with the morning papers. His small, sturdy hands fold the paper into half and Sherlock intuitively shifts his own hand closer to John’s, stretches his fingers and brashly compares sizes.
John bobbed his head up and down and felt elated when bittersweet pre-come leaked into his mouth. Sherlock moaned devastatingly and bit into the base of his left thumb to stifle the sound. He seemed very close to the edge after only a few sucks of John’s mouth and tongue and John would have gladly pushed him over, swallow him down and worry about his own erection later. But Sherlock stiffened and withdraw, sliding away from him. John looked up into wild grey-green eyes.
is the one you’re going on adventures with.
“Well, perhaps, yes,” Molly amends, aiming for calm astuteness but missing in her hurry. Awkwardly slipping her mobile into the pocket of her lab coat, she puts the cage down on the counter next to John, who looks at her dubiously. Sherlock sees Molly quickly blink at him apologetically and turning towards Lestrade, she says “I think what your forensic thought was opium poisoning actually is poppy seeds, I found the remains of three pieces of poppy-seed cake in the stomach. The toxin ramifications are on a similar scale, it’s quite an easy mistake to make.”
“No!” Sherlock straightens, stomach curdling and locks eyes with John, who freezes instantly. They stare at each other while the words hangs between them, like a half-solid presence, and it’s proof of John’s calm integrity that he’s brought up Irene Adler a second time. Sherlock is hit by the fact that the whole fiasco is apparently still troubling him. It shouldn’t be a surprise, though. After all, John hadn’t taken to her kindly; her presence, brief as it had been, was hardly more than a nuisance to John. She had shaken Sherlock deeply, she is a threat, has always been a threat, that remains a possibility in the prevailing case but, thankfully, there is no clue at the moment that doubtlessly points in that hateful direction.
John mutely points his thumb behind his shoulder towards Molly’s office but before Lestrade can take a single step, the door opens again and Molly emerges, her mobile and a small cage with two white mice in hands.
“Mycroft,” he groans, because clearly, why hasn’t he seen it before?
Thank you so much for sharing this with me, guys.
“Flatmate. No.”
They stare at each other while John’s spine stiffens further and his shoulders snap back another inch.
“I didn’t know you could do that,” John exclaims and blatantly stares at him in something very close to wonder and awe. “How come— I mean, where did you learn that?”
Exhausted, he tumbles into an ottoman and harrumphs, his hand over his eyes - and just hates not knowing. He recalls how he first noticed John glancing and lines up all his memories about each and every incident, feelings and thoughts in chronological order. The memories parade in front of him, twirl and rearrange themselves to form new pictures, new motives. But none of them really tells him what
“Scotland Yard didn’t have trouble tracking your phone.  Upon arrival, they were able to capture the two men who were trying to gun us down, and then came to get us out of the pit…”
Maybe it’s John’s fluffy-be-mine-Valentine’s Day present, but no, Sherlock has checked. It’s definitely his, it says so on the addressing. He briefly ponders whether the date is coincidental but dismisses the thought as too unlikely a coincidence.
They finally break apart, both inhaling shakily, and the kisses hang between them like half-solid presences. The air feels electric when John says “I am not trying to mess with you on this” at the same time as Sherlock finally dislodges John’s name from where it is stuck in his throat.
“Be careful,” he hears John say, his voice dull as if coming from far away, “There might be rodents.”
“Sherlock, on our second day all this time ago I shot a man just to have you save because I was deeply convinced my trust in you was justified. It is enough for me-- believe me, it is…”
John returned his look for a few seconds before he shoved the pillow out of the way to take Sherlock’s hand. He intertwined their fingers, his lips a tight line.
Sherlock’ mind was thrown in a loop as he recalled John standing so very close to him when he’d caught Sherlock pirouetting in their sitting room a few days ago. The way John had dabbed his lips, the way he had smiled, something of a secret invitation lingering behind his eyes that Sherlock wasn’t sure John had wanted to be so blatantly obvious about. Maybe that’s just his imagination running wild now because he’s lonely and John is the one he feels closest to.
Of all the things he’d expected, anticipated and feared, the words he had just heard Sherlock speak in his beautiful voice had never been part of any option.
“Forgiveness is not what I am aiming at. Not like this anyway.”
"If it is just the restaurant, we could go anytime…”
“Is that Sherlock-speak for ‘I have never engaged in an intimate relationship because I have never been in love?’ You sound like you’ve rehearsed that definition of yours. Sounds a bit defensive to me, though. And rather old-fashioned.”
- and preen at the fact that John obviously intends to give him a present. Sherlock loves how John can always surprise him but does it really have to be while he’s doing research with pig intestines? Sherlock oscillates a bit and scowls until, five seconds later, he finds the spleen but leaves it where it is, because he’s opened his eyes and therefore the experiment is ruined anyway.
Sherlock, to his own surprise and embarrassment, certainly needs it.
But when their potential meaning sank in, his whole world shifted irrevocably. He’d felt the first stirrings in the hospital on that bright sunday morning. His heart thudded painfully.
"Come for me, then", he whispered and licked his lips, giving another vicious thrust that Sherlock answered with a soft cry. A heavy tremor shook him and when he came, his breath shattered into a million little pieces und a hot wetness bloomed between them where their cocks were trapped between their bellies. His legs around John spasmed, tightening the space around John’s own cock. Not that he needed the extra sensation, though. Seeing Sherlock roll back his eyes and listening to his sweet cries, his hips jerking upwards, clearly drove him towards breaking point. He thrust his hips forwards and then it was too much to bear anymore. John’s mouth shaped around a final moan and heat exploded in his groins, before his release joint Sherlock’s on the trembling panes of his pale stomach.
“I absolutely think we should do exactly that.” John’s voice is very deep again and its timbre is obviously wired to Sherlock blood and where it pools hotly in his lap.
“Is he still at work? What did he text you?”
“What the—?” John mumbles sleepily but Sherlock, on impulse far more protective than he has ever known himself to be, has already gently but firmly disentangled them and is off the bed and by the bedroom door. There he pauses, turns and looks back for a second before running a hand through his messy curls. Their eyes meet with a twitch of sweet regret. Now that he’s up, there is no chance to kiss John awake anymore and bath, if only for a few moments, in the cocoon of arms, mouth, scent and duvet before emerging back to the cold grip of a murder case reality. Sherlock can read his own thoughts in John’s expressive face and adjusts his t-shirt hastily where it has slid up his hips and sides. Oh, what a thrilling experiment it will be to kiss John awake. His skin tingles where John has touched him in their sleep, where his warm hand has made contact to exposed flesh. Like a sweet promise of how it could be, how it will be once Sherlock gets the chance. Once they both get it. Sherlock finds he is rather anticipating that moment.
“I wasn’t dead, yes. Molly helped me. She made sure I looked dead and then helped me vanish. Mycroft took care of the rest. I am not sorry I did it, because it meant keeping you save. I am just sorry I hurt you so much. I decided life with me around would only make you bait to trouble. You had to move on and that’s why I never contacted you.”
, though, remains as nebulous as ever before.
“Don’t ask me questions now, John, please don’t,” he said in a painfully low voice that was completely devoid of the mirth they had just shared. And when Sherlock turned again, his eyes seemed too old for his face.
“You banged it on a piece of wood down in the pit and passed out. The thing we were sitting upon happened to be an old elevator platform and the frame broke when you--”
Sherlock wonders what exactly John is angry about, if it is him or the mysterious present or the person behind the mysterious present. Or something entirely different?
“What about the Woman?” John asks a second later, sotto voce, and his jaw is set in stubbornness.
Sherlock was silent while John ate, his gaze roaming the room and once in a while flickering back to John, as if to ensure he was still there.
He sounded rather pleased with himself.
John was surprised at how desperate his voice sounded.
“I am not— going anywhere,” Sherlock stutters. In the light of the street lamps outside the window John’s eyes are tinged a very dark grey. His silver-blond hair sticks out around the limitations of gravity and pillow, his fringe slid upwards onto his crown to form a bold quiff. He looks stunningly handsome. Sherlock’s body goes slack and they practically melt into each other, flimsy t-shirts, pajama bottoms, naked feet and all and it feels amazing.
John turns in his chair, the newspaper half-forgotten in his lap, and frowns.
“No- I don’t… not enough data.”
wooed him in a way, but it wasn’t exactly what people would call protocol. First offering a present, shedding light on their intentions before taking the other one out on a perfect date and then into bed. Sherlock really likes the fact that it wasn’t protocol.
But no, Sherlock thinks, no, he can’t. There is no hiding from the images - they’ve already taken up residence in the hallways and rooms of his mind palace and on the empty sheets and pillows of his silent bedroom.
Sherlock sounded furious, his voice a low growl. When he looked up at Lestrade, John had to cover his face with his hand for a second, desperately trying to quell his rapidly beating heart. His chest felt so full of conflicting emotions - joy, anger, embarrassment - that he didn’t know what to say or do.
How does he do that, Sherlock wonders and his body hums with the unexpected intimacy of it. His movements stutter and his fingers miss the rhythm. The biro clatters to the floor and Sherlock snaps out of case mode.
Sherlock blinks awake to his daylight bedroom and to legs tangled with his legs and arms that engulf his waist and shoulders under crinkled sheets. Listening in to himself for a moment, he finds the buzz has quieted down and his body feels pleasantly heavy, like gravity has picked up a notch overnight and now exerts a stronger pull to weight him down into the mattress with 1.3 times his actual weight. He flexes his neck and rolls his head to the left to check the alarm clock on his bedside table, but at some point during the night it must have toppled over and Sherlock is unable to see the digits. His whole bedside table actually is askew and Sherlock thinks he might have bumped his elbow into it when John had gone down on him.
He shook his head in slight disbelieve.
Lestrate’s sounded a bit bemused, his voice loud enough over the static that Sherlock, close as he stood with his left hand still at John’s waist, could listen to him, too.
Sherlock opens his eyes, huffs in annoyance and ignores the text. But it wouldn’t be like John to give up on him easily.
John knew he had to force all attention on himself now. He cleared his throat and, turning to the window, made a show of scrambling noisily to his knees. It worked, and he saw the man at the window raise his gun at him. Out of the corner of his eyes, he noticed Sherlock silently dumping his phone into the gutter.
John raised his hands to grab Sherlock’s wrists and found that they were shaking.
It is a small shock how low and brittle his own voice sounds.
“Is he upstairs?”
“I— That’s—” John presses his lips into a thin line. “It’s a bit embarrassing.”
had a perfect date on Valentine’s Day
“You’re not,” Sherlock whispers and is very glad that it’s night around them. “You’re… you,” he stutters awkwardly, ridiculously, because his brain cannot come up with a more sophisticated answer. Moreover, Sherlock is downright mortified when said brain supplies an even more ridiculous statement. “You want me, too.”
Whatever his face was showing in this moment must have been so obvious that it made Sherlock furrow his brows in pain and he got up to his feet to take an uneasy step towards him. His lips were pressed into a tight line and for a second both men just looked at each other.
“--after I passed out?”
“I don’t care about rude,” he said with a touch of his usual demeanor and John smiled.
“John,” he heard Sherlock gasp, and felt himself drawn in again. There was a look in Sherlock’s eyes that John had never seen before. But, though he welcomed the thought with all his heart, he didn’t get to kiss Sherlock a second time.
“John— You— there you are“, he finds himself stuttering stupidly, gratefully, and his lips tilt into a slow grin to mirror John’s wide one. “Welcome home.”
“What-?” Sherlock is puzzled but John hurries to wave a hand at him.
“Thank you, you really know how to phrase a compliment.” John hesitates. “Sherlock, I should probably-”
he obviously is and how thoroughly connected he feels with his flesh. How much he
Ever so slightly and with great care so as not to wake John, Sherlock rolls them over, thus effectively removing John’s sleeping from where it is perched atop his waist, chest and legs and getting his own arm free, lessening the contact between them. It enables thinking again for only a few seconds, though.
“What now?” he whispered after a few seconds, out of breath. They were crouching lowly onto the ground. It was so dark around them, John could only barely make out Sherlock’s face.
“Good morning, Dr. Watson. May I offer you a ride home?”
“That would be quite foolish, Sherlock” John breaths a deep and rumbling laugh and their bodies shake with it. “But romantic, too, maybe you’re not a lost cause.”
John’s mouth is tilted into an excited smile when they are finally dressed and ready. When they leave the flat to hail a cab there is a moment when Sherlock turns around to John the second John’s tongue comes forward and dabs his lips. Sherlock mind stumbles in his train of thoughts, something hot and potent rushes through his veins and for the first time in his entire life he really longs to feel some other person’s lips on his own - just for the sake of leisure kissing and carnal exchange that is probably just so much more than what he’s ever experienced and thought of before. He gets into the waiting cab, John’s hand a shadow on the small of his back and his whole body just hums.
“As I have said before.”
The other smiled, too, fighting for composure when his hands cradled John’s skull. Then he leaned in and John pushed upwards. Their noses bumped and Sherlock nuzzled his into the space between John’s nose and cheek.
“Is this-- Christ, is this really okay for you?”
“Breakfast? In bed, perhaps?” John’s eyes are coy and teasing. “Or no breakfast and an early lunch instead?”
“Jealous?”
“You like eggs and bacon for breakfast. Too bad the tomatoes have gone all mouldy.”
“Selling drugs to faulted misfits like me, and killing children because your chemist put too much detergent into your products, are two very different things,” John heard him say as he gripped the table harder with anger. Everything was going in slow motion again. He saw the man in his peripheral vision lean against the wall next to the door, which stood slightly ajar. Forcing himself to block out the noise Sherlock’s feet made on the dusty floor, he strained himself to hear other sounds from outside the room they had been locked into, but couldn’t. Perhaps the other two dealers were already done packing their lab equipment. It occurred to John that he and Sherlock had disturbed them at it, and that they knew what they looked like.
John understands, grabs his arm and shakes his head, his eyes twinkling and radiating more light than Sherlock thought possible in the beginning dawn. John’s answer comes with a little surprise. “It’s really weird when you apologize, you know” he says “save it for next time you run off and get yourself in danger.”
“Yes, I did, but it appears my competences lie elsewhere. I was afraid I’ve got it all wrong and-- kissed you for the wrong reason.”
The stereo clicks several times as if to adjust and then 80s pop music fills the sitting room.
John was still laughing.
It all looks so fake. It’s extreme.
“But I have an international reputation and a blogger and he only has boring medical files.”
John’s body moves again, slightly, dragging their combined hands higher up Sherlock’s chest and suddenly it’s all too much and Sherlock is afraid to go and ruin what’s blooming between them. He needs to think. Desperately.
Fury wins out.
“Yeah, I was actually pretty bored without you.”
Sherlock looks closer still. In the island of light from their standard lamp John doesn’t look overly muscled but relaxed and calm but the shadows around him conceal a lot. He must have been properly toned once, though, back in his army days, doing sports chores amidst hours of medical training and ministration, keeping both his mind and body in good shape. The contrast is interesting, Sherlock concedes. The contradiction. Soldier and doctor, killer and healer. For Sherlock John had already been both.
Turning in front of their bathroom mirror he’s tried to see his frame from every possible angle and had wondered in a brief surge of self-consciousness if John liked what he had to offer and if it would be enough. He’s scanned the pale expanse of his chest with the dusting of dark hair around the nipples and in the space between his pectorals before skimming a hand around his left latissimus dorsi down to his hipbones and gluteus maximus. Lithe, yes, definitely - lithe and pale but firm, flexible. Not as inaccessible and gaunt as he used to be. He’d lost most of the sharper angles around his joints when John introduced strict regular eating patterns between cases when he moved in three and a half years ago. It is just one of the small things John ameliorated instinctively.
They had eaten pasta in bed, still naked and completely at ease with their company and when John had bent over Sherlock to kiss him again, new passion kindling in him, Sherlock had readily opened his arms and legs for him, his sweet little moans guiding the way to more delightful pleasure. They had made love with their hands and mouths, taking their time, exploring what they liked and what felt most intense. Sherlock had seemed unsure about how far John wanted to proceed with him but John had only shaken his head. There would be time enough for bolder approach later; for now he was contend with letting his tongue and fingers travel over Sherlock’s whole body in the need to find out what made him shudder most with pleasure. Sherlock, to John’s contentment, had been completely unafraid to do the same. They had left the bed afterwards to go to the bathroom and get themselves cleaned, only to return to bed as soon as possible, where Sherlock had fallen asleep in John’s arms.
“What are we doing now?” he whispered, crouching low to ensure that they couldn’t be seen from down in the yard. They heard rumbling noises from beneath them.
So John obviously plans to go home and… what? Sit in his own room and be angry with Sherlock? Is John actually angry with Sherlock? And if he is, what precisely is he angry about? The whole situation is just so confusing, so overextended that Sherlock scrunches his face in agony and desperately longs for his violin. Or a cigarette.
As the ride goes on, Sherlock finds that he is paying a highly unusual amount of attention to John and his arm. He lets his eyes catch their combined reflection in the door windows now and then and tries not to be too conspicuous about it. Then he looks at John’s reflection only and finds himself really looking for the first time in quite a while.
“Hey, you guys are really here?”
John reaches up and ruffles Sherlock’s hair affectionately. “You look sexy, all sleepy and rumbled. Debauched.” The last word is added for good measure and Sherlock’s heart is so full of fluttery affection for John, he squirms and doesn’t know what to do with the spare energy that surges through him every time John smiles at him.
The reply came within a few minutes.
If he were to give himself credits for body parts, he’d say his buttocks uncontrovertibly make the top of the list. That and his cheek bones which John had already admired once. Sherlock doesn’t think he is overly handsome but under normal circumstances he never had to rely on looks only. In any case, he deduces, trying to calm himself, John had kissed him repeatedly and held him despite the fact that he’s been grimy, ruffled and smelly, and that finally settles the matter. It isn’t like he could change anything about his body and physical appearance now anyway. Showering and shaving had done as much improvement as was at all possible.
“I am just the messenger, Sherlock. Please do settle your issues without me.” Lestrade has raised his hands in a surrendering gesture, the demeanor of a man who knows a lost battle when he sees one. Now, he lets them fall again and clears his throat. “Well,” he says and the relief of having conveyed and settled what he came here for is evident in his voice. He scratches his neck, his eyes resting on John for a brief moment before he turns to leave.
present?
By the time John got out of the tub, his thoughts having turned in circles again and again, he was so restless and full of longing for the presence of the other man that he wished they would just talk about it and be done with it, no matter the consequences. Or just not talk about it but still be done. As long as they were going back to their normal, twisted and shockingly intense friendship. If that was what Sherlock wanted, if he wanted John to ignore the fact that the other man had left him in an emotional mess, twice, after he “died” and after he came back, he would grant him that wish. He was too weak and too miserable to fight anymore. If it meant being a coward but getting Sherlock back, he’d pay the price and deal with it.
“John, stop that.”
She shook her head, looking very maternal, making John feel a bit small all of a sudden. Whatever she saw in his eyes made her face fill with compassion and when she spoke her voice low and full of sympathy.
Sherlock has to chuckle. “You don’t offer compromising collaterals first, John. The possibilities for blackmail are too high. Besides, I already know you’ve done music classes.”
The words are spoken with the vitriolic ring of hurt and confusion and the hurt wins. Sherlock is suddenly thunderous. Does John really need to have it all spelled out into morsels before him? Why doesn’t he just come forward with the truth so Sherlock can go home and shoot the wall?
They eat chicken sandwiches and drink sweetened fennel tea around midnight at the kitchen counter of 221B and the way John had stepped to Sherlock’s side - all wet hair and soft smile - shows him as a completely unabashed and self-aware man who has taken the first step into the right direction the second the opportunity presented itself and immediately had known it’s exactly the path he’d planned to walk along. Sherlock’s mind twists and wriggles around the bit of space between them but even though John’s side touches his when he shifts his weight John seems to leave the final decision of thoroughly closing the expanse of air between them to him. He stands firm and solid, a force to relied on. He’s calm where Sherlock only pretends to be but it does feel like the amount of time it took them to separately shower has changed something between them again but only in a way that has taken the edge off and given the outstanding a touch of normality.
Sherlock really hasn’t got the foggiest idea what had just happened when he moves to switch off the stereo. John puts up an awkward show in the kitchen to prolong the process of making tea and Sherlock gets the notion that he is decidedly rummaging through their cupboard so not to have to look at Sherlock. But when Sherlock tumbles back into his chair, nonplussed and busying his hands with the soaked booklet for something to do, he suddenly feels the skin at his neck tingle again. It is really intense this time and as the evening goes on Sherlock discovers that, though he didn’t plan it at all, he has triggered John into using every available moment Sherlock looks elsewhere to glance at him.
“I— John— “ He feels inapt and too big and insufficient again, just like he did when they kissed in Sherlock’s chair last night. “You
"Yes, that's what you got to do and because it also affects me here, Sherlock, don't be the grinch. Seven years is quite a time and I just got divorced."
“Good afternoon, dear.” She was all smiles and sparkling eyes, standing in the door and looking at him. He returned her smile readily.
“Here's to you guys and your crime solving."
“The telephone is no use,” he spat, lifting a disconnected receiver off of a table at the opposite side of the door and then tossing it back. Apart from that and the little shelf, there wasn’t much in the room to work with. No chair or computer. Nothing that could protect them from a gun, be hurled at their kidnappers, or be used to open the door.
His gaze roamed over Sherlock’s face in a mixture of hope and doubt, his brows furrowed. He huffed in frustration, coming up blank.
"Yes. Sherlock, did you listen?" John was rolling his eyes. It had become a certain routine between them these past few weeks, John telling him he'd go out on a date and Sherlock intentionally ignoring it.
Sherlock silently opened the window and got up on the ledge to lower himself onto the roof, where he crouched onto his stomach to look down into the yard. John noticed that their guide had disappeared. This was weird and left him with another eerie shiver. He followed Sherlock down to the roof and lay next to him, bumping Sherlock’s elbow in the process. Both men looked at each other and John noticed with a pang that it felt highly inappropriate, considering their current location how close they suddenly where.
Sherlock’s insides cramp because the visions hurt and John isn’t his. Likely will never be. It’s hatefully ironic how easily Sherlock is able to picture John promenading, a beautiful faceless female at his side. Long blond, wavy hair with just a hint of red. A cute little nose that wrinkles prettily. Small hands. Smaller than John’s. Soft features and voluptuous curves. Easily adaptable to John’s domestic needs, a flawless and suitable companion to every aspect of life. Everything that Sherlock is not, everything Sherlock cannot offer. Out in the most exiting city on a perfect evening, holding hands. Just like Sherlock has mock-suggested to John earlier in their sitting room.
John noticed how his voice shook on the last two sentences. He clamped his lips shut, steadying himself, only to continue a minute later, his voice low and urgent.
John’s eyes twinkle in the dark. His hands have continued to slide up and down Sherlock's back, a gesture of care and reassurance. “It’s rather, well, guess I figured I don’t wanna date people I could never love, Sherlock. Not anymore— not when there’s you. The possibility of you.”
John truly is breathless in his scintillating enthusiasm. Sherlock grins again, turns and briefly feigns mental abstraction the way he’s already done before to give John enough room to feel unobserved. He finds he’s wishing for the dark green jumper to come into appearance again while anticipation and a hint of trepidation form a lump in his belly. He clumsily watches John busy himself with his luggage and get the desired clothes out before making for the loo. Disappointment is already dropping low in his chest when, at the hallway, John stalls, turns – and there it is again.
John chuckles and his body shifts a little and loses most of his tension. There is mischief in his eyes now. “I wonder why that is, I am sure you’ve read all my mails to Sarah.”
Their kiss proved to be so very different from the first they’d shared. It was dry at first, hesitant and shy on both their parts, and then it turned firm and wet when John’s tongue touched Sherlock’s mouth and he opened it to grant John access. Sharp sparks of passion kindled in him and shot through his body to form a warm pool in his belly. He fought a hard battle to keep himself in check but every time his tongue brushed Sherlock’s in that slow and passionate dance, the other man let out a small moan and pressed himself closer and closer, thoroughly engulfing him in his long arms. Sherlock tasted of tea and light smoke but John couldn’t bring himself to mourn the fact that Sherlock obviously had smoked a sneaky cigarette despite the nicotine patches he had glued to his arm. John’s face was hot and his skin tingled where Sherlock’s hands touched him, stroked him, his body still a little tense as if he was afraid John might put a stop to this at every moment. With a pang John realized that he hadn’t been the only one hurting.
Before he really notices what’s happening he’s out of his chair and five long strides take him to the kitchen door. Here his courage immediately goes out of the window and he feels unbelievably stupid and self-conscious all of a sudden and mourns the fact that he has never learned how to be close to people.
“Is everything alright?” Lestrade’s eyes narrow suspiciously but Sherlock is too gobsmacked, too shell-shocked for words.
But John is still here. Sherlock isn’t even sure John is still regularly dating like he used to, come to think of it. It’s not like Sherlock has paid much attention to the respective females over the years. They appeared, stayed around for a bit but in the end they left and John came home to 221B where it was just the two of them. Sherlock wonders if something has happened, if something has slipped his attention because, all of a sudden, John has gone and shifted Sherlock’s whole world with a few entirely unexpected and intense glances.
“Is this what it feels like for ordinary people?”
Turning to Sherlock, who had dashed out of his chair, Mycroft critically looked his brother up and down before furrowing his brows. His voice was full of disdain.
“Thank you for saying this, John”, Sherlock said carefully.
- fully on top of him. Between two kisses his soft lips wrap around Sherlock’s name and pondering the case and its precariousness becomes less and less attractive.
Next to him John sits in brooding silence. It’s another three street corners until they will reach Baker Street and, briefly, Sherlock wonders if John will come upstairs home with him or whether he will disappear immediately to a pub or someone else’s place. But no, Sherlock considers, if that were the case John would have taken another car or the tube, if only just to escape the wretched atmosphere in the narrow confines of their cab.
“It’s yours,” Sherlock said in a hoarse whisper, his breath catching in his throat. But John shook his head and pulled him in again.
“Where did you learn to do ballet?” he inquires after a few silent and precious moments. It is a question he has asked before when Sherlock was convinced he’d never share this bit of his past. Now sharing doesn’t seem so bad anymore. His heart gives a hard thud when he remembers how he’s compared his sentiments for John to how much he’s missed doing ballet and how much of a coward he’s felt because he just couldn’t make himself see past childish judgment. “Mmmh” he trails off, wondering where to start.
plans? I didn’t have any plans when you’ve called me away from an experiment.”
“But…
John waved her concerned look aside.
Sherlock had showered extensively, scrubbing himself clean from head to toes and has even shaved. He’s found he needed the time to browse and replay data. John’s advice about sleep returned at some point but Sherlock had been thoroughly convinced that it would be a waste of life time to ever sleep again. There is just so much to dwell on and wasting time on challenges and mysteries isn’t his style.
, of all days and it’s ridiculous, it’s pathetic, utterly tedious and yet Sherlock’s hearts thuds so wildly in his chest, he’s afraid it might actually break free and soar up to dance across the sky.
John’s eyes also sparkle when he's impressed by Sherlock’s deductions. Then his lips crook into a smile, his eyes crinkle up around the corners and they usually share a moment of utmost understanding and tend to drown out the world. It comes to Sherlock that, apart from having fascinating eyes and a quick mind for praise, John has a really lovely smile and sort of a cute nose…
“I...”
Lestrade doesn’t disappoint and lowers his gaze in an awkward jerk.
Sherlock also shrugs his shoulders. “Just wondering,” he says and arches an eye brow a moment later. "Brandon is a ridiculous name,” he scoffs and cuts one of his eggs with a swift move of his hand. The yolk flows out in a steam and Sherlock pokes it with his toast, thus intermixing red and yellow into the salty brownish custard he loves. John chuckles and shakes his head fondly. “He might say the same about your name, too, Sherlock.”
"Okay now, let me deduce for you," Sherlock exclaimed, taking his own teacup and returning to the couch from where he gave John a mocking look-over that made John’s heart pound annoyingly. His brows furrowed.
John felt himself getting angry.
With the dull pain of deprivation on his mind he dozes off on the sofa in the afternoon and dreams of John again.
They kiss and John gently tips him backwards against the counter, pushing upwards to even out their height difference. Sherlock gets absorbed into the pressure of John’s lips and tongue against his own and the feeling of his fingers playing with his curls. Just like he had in his chair. It’s exactly the same pull and it’s hilarious how good it feels.
“Late, too late… John, I...”
“Boss won’t like that much,” the man said, motioning for them to rise. They did, slowly, hands raised and heads high.
’ Sherlock can see his mobile screen flicker merrily where it rests on the stretcher next to the pig’s carcass and he blows an errand curl out of his eyes. Next to him Molly raises a curious eyebrow.
John’s eyes silently follow him wherever he goes over the next two days. Sherlock pretends he doesn’t notice and privately gloats about the fact that John obviously isn’t really trying to hide it anymore, the total secrecy and terrified shyness of a few days ago gone. Sherlock doesn’t know for sure, however, if John has noticed him glancing but if he did he doesn’t show. However, it doesn’t really matter because the game has never been so enticing.
John watched Sherlock, transfixed. The world had turned mute again but only for a second. He put his teacup back on the table.
__________________________________
“You had plans tonight.”
Sherlock supposes this is instinctual and no matter how positively
“Don’t worry, they will. See that transporter there?” Sherlock motioned to the car standing in front of the open gateway. John nodded once.
“Don’t say you regret taking me along. We would both be hard-pressed to believe it.”
“I wouldn’t want that, either” Sherlock replies softly and is but a bit surprised about how true it is. They share a moment of utmost understanding and affection and John fondly nibs his jaw before he somewhat reluctantly steps back and lets him go. “Any ideas about how and where to start?”
“Careful, Sherlock.”
And all because John has triggered Sherlock into noticing. Into really looking at him.
Cocking an eyebrow Sherlock closes in on Lestrade, thus effectively backing him into the kitchen. “Mrs. Hudson told me to just go upstairs?” Lestrade offers, rubbing his neck and Sherlock is pleased how easily, after all these years, he can still bully the man into defensiveness without much ado. He turns them around by striding to the kitchen window and out of the corners of his eyes he sees John dash upstairs to his own room. Unfortunately Lestrade sees, too, and a rummy look comes into his eyes. “What’s John doing in your room?” he demands, his eyes wide. Sherlock can detect the tiredness underneath, though.
“I might owe you an explanation.”
"When was the last time you had a good chance of spending your night someplace else in delightful company?" he muttered and flopped down into his chair, fuming.
Only his concept has never really applied to John, Sherlock concedes. Because John is special, a category of his own, but maybe Sherlock is just deluding himself in his confusion because he has never had a friend like John before. Never really has had a friend before at all, to be blatantly exact. He’s not totally clueless, though. He’s known people at school and at university but they’ve either put up with him to exploit his brilliant mind or because they were forced to not exclude him.
“I am sorry, too,” he uttered and found that it took him a considerable amount of strength to talk.
“How come Lestrade knew about your plans?” he asks, trying to catch his breath in the narrow space between their faces before he leans backwards a bit. “What did you tell him?” It’s actually not Lestrade that matters here. Sherlock doesn’t care about Lestrade’s opinion but the thought of someone else being privy to the knowledge of John’s emotional investment feels decidedly off and Sherlock is loath to not be the first to have gained that knowledge. Especially since John has called him ‘love’. He may have heard people giving other people endearments without any deeper meaning or intentions towards a permanent investment, but John doesn’t belong to them. John would want a more permanent agreement between them. Would he…?
When John’s tongue slides between his lips again, his teeth grazing the sensitive skin of his mouth, Sherlock hears himself groan into the touch. John’s body is radiating heat as well as obligingness, it is a steady, reliable presence and Sherlock suddenly doesn’t understand
Now that he’s consciously looking at the array of information is he surprised how much he has actually collected in the last three and a half years.
. Wants with mind and body alike. It’s terrifying but at same time Sherlock cannot deny how thrilled he feels.
“What’s going on in this genius brain of yours?” John said quietly and bit his lip, feeling terribly sad. All potentialities, their friendship, everything depended on Sherlock trusting him again. He wondered what was keeping him and if he had, somehow, failed him in some way he couldn’t grasp.
When they need to breathe again John says “Did you know before we kissed?” It is instantly clear what he means and Sherlock blushes slightly around his cheeks and ears. “Yes,” he says cautiously and swallows before he can elaborate. “But I have just recently thought about it, I am afraid. You— I caught you glancing, repeatedly, and started to wonder.”
“I don't expect to feel uncomfortable with you, John.”
Every time the train leaves a station, Sherlock sways towards John and their arms brush, adding a new quality to Sherlock’s confusion. It really is distracting— but in a way that makes Sherlock feel flustered and the skin around his upper spine prickles again.
Sherlock turned around and John nearly gasped at how his face suddenly looked. There was a lot of anger and anxiety behind his eyes, and it obviously took Sherlock a considerable amount of self-control not to let it spill. The other man must have seen his reaction quite clearly on his face, because he schooled it away within moments. His face turned blank, a tired and worn mask. His words came out in a strained whisper.
John’s sleeping form next to him reaches out a hand, lazily grabs at his upper arm and Sherlock’s thoughts stumble. His head tilts towards the motion and the soft and lazy rustling of fabric. Half expecting John to have woken but then seeing he hasn’t, he watches him sliding closer. Fingertips ghost over his skin, seeking warmth, leaving a shiver in their wake that has nothing to do with the room temperature and everything with chemistry and suddenly John turns closer still and everything tips over into something very much like cuddling when John’s hand comes to rest on Sherlock’s chest, and they lie temple to throat and shoulder to shoulder. Sherlock watches in silent amazement how John instinctively accommodates, gives a slight huff and lies still again. Being a grown man notwithstanding, he looks rather sweet when he sleeps. Peaceful. Sherlock smiles. He lifts a hand, carefully puts it on top of John’s where it lies on his chest and it’s hilarious how good that feels.
The thing about self-editing: It takes you about twice as long to edit a story as it takes you to actually write it. And every time you think you are done, you certainly aren't. I have changed the last two chapters so many times, rewritten so many details, it's a completely different story now.
Their eyes locked when Sherlock exhaled, but instead of giving an answer, he took John’s hand in both his own, cradling it. The ghost of a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth and sowly, his eyes never leaving John’s, he lifted it up and pressed a gentle kiss into John’s palm.
John was gasping heavily when they broke the kiss, his eyes shut tight, trying to hold his thoughts at bay. His lip was bleeding again and he could imagine how gloriously disheveled they must have looked. His face felt hot; his heart beat with a speed that had nothing to do with the exertion of running; but his hands were steady where they touched Sherlock. As he trapped Sherlock between himself and the wall, John experienced a second rush - affection, desire, confusion - crashing down on him. How could it be that Sherlock’s lips felt so good on his own? How could it be that Sherlock was kissing him back? So much for intending to not get involved…
“John, can I have a quick word?” Lestrade staggered tipsily when he put his arm around John’s shoulders and pulled him out of the loose circle. John was nevertheless thankful and together they sauntered into the direction of the back garden. Lestrade raised his champagne glass and clinked it to the rim of John’s glass. Both smiled to each other, Lestrade bending forwards to stare into his eyes over-dramatically, and drank.
John turned his head around to Sherlock inside the revolving door when they entered the restaurant and saw his face set into stressed lines. But when grey-green-blue eyes met dark blue for the briefest moment, John believed he saw an appraising flicker across Sherlock’s face, calculating. John felt his temperature rise but the moment was gone before he could delve further into it. He stepped into the foyer where a waiter greeted them and showed them to a room in the back of the building where Lestrade was waiting for them at the door.
Especially the latter is a fact Sherlock cannot make himself brush off when John leaves for a doctor’s seminar in Liverpool the third day after Sherlock has flung himself at John to save him at the cliff.
It seemed that facing everything apparently came his way earlier than he’d thought.
He sighs and his mind palace evaporates. He is back in his bed, soft duvets caressing his nude skin. It is a warm night and he’s shed his shirt and wears only pajama bottoms.
,” he spats and John cracks a tight smile. He is still watching him, and Sherlock, feeling exposed, follows the need to retread further into the known ground of defensive snarkiness to hide.
. Something
Sherlock turned around and looked at him and John was momentarily angry with the nurse for disturbing him watching Sherlock, when, for once, the other man wasn’t watching him.
The door opened slowly, and the man raised his gun.
John smiled in return.
“Biology”, Sherlock states but after a second moves back to his food. John looks affronted and vanishes behind his paper again.
“Oh god, yes, Sherlock. You have no idea how bored I was without you. I just need a fresh pair of trousers and a dry shirt but I’ve got some here in the suitcase.”
John raises the other eyebrow, his hand that has already reached out to take the heart freezes hovering above their table. He hums in lieu of an answer and just then Sherlock realizes what exactly he has said, has implied with his careless choice of words and he instantly mourns the fact that the ground beneath his feet studiously refrains from opening up to swallow him whole.
“Tell me what?” Sherlock asks, cautiously, because, clearly, he must be misinterpreting John’s prompt. John’s ocean blue eyes are fixed on him, as if calculating the earnestness of Sherlock’s question and whether it is worth an elaboration or olive branch, and Sherlock fidgets beneath the glow of John’s attention. A lack of female involvement on what John has already confessed were indeed plans for the night, and a present announced in a text message to pique his interest and get him home. John’s ensuing jealousy when Sherlock had received what another, entirely mysterious and unobtainable person has bestowed upon him for reasons not yet fully discovered. Surely that points into a certain direction. But is it really that simple? Could John really…?
with you, love, ” he says and bites his bottom lip before he straightens to his full height and firmly locks eyes with Sherlock again, before his next words thoroughly shock him into silence, “for a very long time, if you’re… amenable.”
“John?”
“I don’t know what my brother told you about the past two years,” Mycroft said, as usually skipping the small talk and coming directly to the point.
Lestrade stares at him, off-kilter. “Well, yeah, I asked Molly to- Where is she?”
Anything you’d like to discuss? You think I made a mess with the design of Sherlock’s mind palace because you’d prefer a castle and not a mansion, you’d like to share your opinion on 80s Pop music or you’ve just recently discovered a new rare gas? Please leave comments (and kudos <3).
,” he splutters caustically a moment later, “when that idiot Anderson says so, it would be more than wise to fully ignore this lead and concentrate on your more reliable and less stupid personnel.”
“I want to make amends, John. And I want to commit.”
A small sheet of paper fell into his hands. It was labelled “John” in Sherlock’s elegant handwriting. Underneath he found what he had been looking for. Sherlock’s supplies. He felt his blood leave his face the second he took everything in, feeling his worst fears confirmed by pure and undeniable evidence. So he had been right about Sherlock’s renewed drug abuse. He felt shattered. But when he looked closer the whole thing just didn’t have the right feel to it. He scrambled through the supplies, taking out everything, emptying the box, the small scrap of paper clenched between his ring and little finger. And then it hit him: This was untouched material. And Sherlock had certainly known he would come in here to look for it. So why would he…? John inhaled shakily. More and more riddles.
John froze for a second, caught off guard by an array of increasingly complex feelings. He licked his lips before forcing them into a straight line and gave the D.I. a guarded look.
He heard Sherlock inhale shakily.
"Yes, you are the genius that did it all. Please don't tell everybody too often tonight, I want to be invited to a truly outstanding restaurant again!"
They’d walked home after dinner and John had lectured Sherlock on an article in one of his medical journals about carpal tunnel surgery. His small and compact hands had gestured firmly for emphasis, his voice smooth and self-confident but he hadn’t glanced at Sherlock - not even in the dark street corners where these small notions could easily have gone unnoticed. He’d only looked.
“I am terribly busy. Talk to you tomorrow.”
John was standing with his second glass of champagne next to Molly, several detectives and Anderson, who was chattering animatedly and had just finished his fourth glass, in a corner of the room Scotland Yard had booked for the evening. He felt stupid smiling as Anderson launched into the glories of policemenship. How John should have considered taking this as a career after leaving the army. John was thankful for the distraction as Lestrade limped into their group.
A few minutes later he’d pushed a hot cup of tea into Sherlock’s cold hands and made him sit on the couch rather than his chair. It was easier to tend the cut in the light coming off the couch lamp because daylight was rapidly fading. Sherlock hadn’t vetoed to John patching him up and when John sat next to him on the couch, their knees touching, to clean the cut, Sherlock’s gaze was like ever so often roaming the room but always flickering back to John’s face.
He would make sure to create a secluded space between them that no one can breach, a space that holds John’s attention and drowns out the rest of the world.
"Seriously? Superstition? My, you must be more drunk then you let on."
“Endearing? My god, Sherlock, so glad you’re such a force of nature. But if you want to keep on kissing, you’d better shut up now.”
"Sherlock, are you listening to me?" he repeated, but Sherlock obviously wasn't.
“You knew who they were. You were just waiting for the final evidence from your network to show you exactly where you would find their lab…”
than he is right now but
John heaved a sigh. They had been through this quite a few times during the last hours.
Sliding his hand down a bit, John lets his thumb rest suggestively at Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock, grateful for the reprieve and eager to side-track John, slants his eyes upwards and sucks it into his mouth. John’s answering gasp is delicious.
He felt incredibly stupid right after he hit the send-button. Sherlock’s answer only took ten seconds to arrive.
Sherlock’s face goes blank and his mind instantly sets a whole wave of thoughts into motion.
John has told him his present was something Sherlock needed but now that John’s heart beats in time with Sherlock‘s where they embrace in the loo and wait for the tub to fill, Sherlock thinks that he already has everything he needs. Here, in his life at 221b, in his arms.
Sherlock relives the slugfest again and feels giddy with mirth, adrenalin and John’s unwavering loyalty. It’s quite fascinating how he is able to constantly surprise him. Sherlock wonders how he could ever think John ordinary or even mediocre when he is in fact such a quache of hidden treasures.
“Sherlock.“
Life has, admittedly, been a bit boring since Moriarty blew his own brain out. Well, Sherlock concedes in silence, life has, admittedly, been less of a constant threat to body, mind and soul since Moriarty blew his own brain out.  There may be other criminals, other syndicates out there but since Sherlock succeeded over Moriarty and his spider web, no one has openly approached him. So maybe this is a real
John smiled, imagining how Sherlock’s slender fingers flashed over the screen to send the message as soon as possible. In this moment it was hard to be angry with Sherlock. John felt fatalistic and noticed again how lonely he felt in this flat without the other man. How lonely his life had been before Sherlock had insinuated himself in it and swept John with him by the sheer force of his personality.
Lestrade continued, totally oblivious to John’s inner turmoil.
John collapsed onto Sherlock’s slack body. Their fingers, still painfully tight intertwined, came loose and Sherlock hugged him close despite the mess on his lower body. He kissed John's temple, his forehead, every part of him his lips could reach and it was heaven because John was here and Sherlock was with him and it was hell because they were in no fit state to immediately engage again.
Picking the device out of his pocket Sherlock turned around, their conversation stalled abruptly.
He looked down at his feet.
John instantly snapped out of it. He pushed Sherlock off of the bed, his face blushing madly, his ears burning. Sherlock tumbled into his chair, looking nonplussed. There was a very awkward moment of silence in the room. But if Lestrade, looking at the pair of them as Sherlock straightened himself in the chair and John pushed his blanket back into place, had come to the right conclusion, he thankfully refrained from saying so. Donovan definitely hadn’t noticed because she was busy angrily putting the lid onto her coffee cup.
They spend a whole day down in the sewers, equipped with torches, GPS and tall wellington boots, trying to determine where the boyfriend’s body might have been disposed of. It is fairly clear that someone has thrown him into the canals of the London sewers after they’d attacked him and bashed in his head. From the direction of the underground water flow out into the Thames Sherlock deduces a few likely places and they are soon able to rule out half of them.
John noticed how he had migrated towards Mycroft in the last minutes of their exchange. Finding it hard not to grab his collar and shake him he leant back towards the door, hand over his face, hurting.
They are still standing in front of the restaurant, unmoving, and John eyes him intently. The restaurant door opens again and in the light that spills out onto the streets, something in John’s eyes change. It’s just a moment, though, barely more than a blink of an eye, and when Sherlock tries to look closer, John has already turned and adjusts his jacket. Sherlock frowns.
John returns with their second round of watery tea in plastic cups and puts one next to Sherlock on the counter.
“Why can’t I text him and tell him where we are? He can get his team here in 20 minutes. Give me my phone.”
“You must be Dr. Watson, then. I have to tell you how I really enjoy that blog of yours. Although it is a little weird, seeing this junky filtered through your adoring eyes. My perception is wholly different.”
Sherlock suddenly feels awkward and sips his tea to gloss it over. He tilts his upper body to the side and makes a show of tucking a leg under him into the chair and adjusting his gown. John huffs behind his paper and grips it tighter.
Thank you so much for reading. At this point I should probably mention that I am not a native speaker but I gave it my best and since my beta-magician did all she could, all the remaining mistakes are entirely my own. I’ve got the setting of their flat a bit wrong, I am afraid but I hope you’ll forgive me.
Right from when they first met at Bart’s all this time ago Sherlock had been incredibly special. Because no matter what that ingenious madman did, John went along, covering his lack of social conformity, filling himself into the cracks and holes to even them out. Looking out for him. And Sherlock had always readily returned the favor, in his own peculiar way. But now John had the feeling things had gone terribly wrong between them and he was wondering whether or not Sherlock still trusted him as he used to do.
They had migrated towards each other on their respective chairs during their verbal exchange and John found himself transfixed by Sherlock’s pool of wide grey-green eyes. The other man was looking quite intently at him and John saw the corners of his mouth crook into a lopsided smile.
“Why didn’t you go home and change?”
“Sherlock, I- Christ, I found something,” he calls and beckons Sherlock closer before he slides his legs over the barrier and gasps for breath.
Sherlock swallows and shoves the scientific vocabulary into a room in the basement of his mind palace. He gets back to the tableau at hand, where John is still standing in front of him with an increasingly nervous look in his eyes.
, there is one other, actually.
“Moriarty threatened to kill you if I didn’t die,” he said and let out a slow puff of breath that caressed John’s left cheek.
The moment spins around them, drowning out the lab, the mystery, everything and if it wouldn’t be so utterly unthinkable Sherlock could be inclined to think John is flirting with him.
he is here and
So. Just wanted to have that said.
“Why did Lestrade call you yesterday evening before he called me? I was very explicit when I told him to let me know when they’d gotten hold of their suspect.”
"For god's sake, Sherlock, give that man what he wants,” John interrupted and raised his glass. Lestrade looked like he’d had serious trouble keeping up.
They get tossed awake by a rattling of the front door and shoes clattering over seventeen steps of stairs at 7:54 the following morning.
Sherlock’s head snaps up when John steps next to him on the pavement and smiles uneasily. There is something complicated in his eyes again but the light is too fickle for closer examination. Sherlock breathes so he is able to hide his panic. To brush it off and pretend he’s just taking deep lungfuls of mild, spicy night air.
The sound of Sherlock’s hands slowly unzipping John’s trousers almost bordered on the indecent.
But Sherlock, for once, didn’t seem to mind and his body didn’t draw back. Instead he sighed.
While Sherlock is still staring and pushing data around in his head until deductions fall in line, John, apparently, reaches his own conclusion. He sighs and, with a surefooted movement that speaks heavily of resolve and determination, steps right in front of Sherlock and looks up into his eyes as if waiting. John is a proud man though he hides it well and Sherlock is glad to notice their height difference doesn’t seem to cow him. It’s not exactly favorable for him, though, but before Sherlock can do so much as cock a puzzled eyebrow at him, John goes and tugs at his hand, bringing him down a couple inches, while simultaneously rising to his toes. Sherlock stumbles forward, his body closing the last inches of space between them before coming to rest at John’s chest. Head ducking in surprise, he is rendered powerless when John’s hand glides up his elbow to rest on his shoulder, where it entertains the barest of pressures. Just enough to ensure the visibility of his intension, but not enough that Sherlock cannot break away.
Sherlock’s blood sings with the words and his reaction is instinctive when he tilts forward to capture John’s mouth again. Instantaneously, John leans into him and where their first kiss was tentative and chaste, a statement kiss to convey intention, the seconds quickly morphs into something different, something considerably more wanton. John eagerly laps at his lower lip and Sherlock readily accepts the invitation and opens his mouth to brush their tongues together. Heat courses through him, making him skittish and clumsily as he pulls John closer, bumping noses and torn between the desire to rake his hands over John’s body to touch as much as possible and grip both his hands and encircle them in his so John can never pull away.
A moment later they break apart and John’s hand tightens around Sherlock’s and they intertwine their fingers.
When the sleeve was rolled up John carefully took Sherlock’s left arm into both his hands and stroked his thumb over the sensitive skin of Sherlock’s wrist up into the crook of his arm. Relieve washed through him. The skin was intact, no fresh cuts, no punctures, nothing. Only old scars. The doctor in him noted how Sherlock’s pulse buzzed beneath his fingertips. His hands were still cold but his skin shone like porcelain in the light of the sofa lamp.
“Do people actually watch this nonsense and believe it, John?” Sherlock sounded incredulous and lifted his teacup to his lips to drink.
“I don’t know if you told the police where you are, but considering the fact that the oh-so-famously clever Sherlock Holmes works alone, you probably haven’t told anyone. So no one will come looking for you yet, but when they do, we will be gone.”
But Sherlock seemed not to hold it against him. His eyes were blown wide with want and need.
Shrugging into his coat Sherlock sweeps down the stairs while John trails listlessly behind. “Don’t dally, John!” he orders and lifts a hand to hail the first cab he sees.
“He wants me home, apparently.” Sherlock clenches a hand around his phone.
“He’s changed, you know. And you’ve changed as well,” she said and it sounded a lot like she was just stating the obvious.
“What--?”
And off he swept into his room only to return a minute later, shrugging into his coat.
Meanwhile Sherlock was panting angrily, his complexion set, hands ever moving.
“Stop here, we’re getting off,” John orders the cabbie and fumbles in his pockets. Before Sherlock can react anyhow, John plucks a note from his wallet and hands it to the driver, who has pulled over into a small driveway in front of a brightly illuminated restaurant.
As he lets John take his hand, pull him out of bed and propel him into the loo, where John switches on the tap before engulfing him in his sturdy arms to pull him close and kiss him enthusiastically, Sherlock thinks that Valentine’s Day is still a highly overrated and stupid day and he will never ever succumb to buying flowers or ridiculous heart shaped balloons. He will never be as pathetic as setting store in such a day to cherish his beloved and what they share, what is blooming and progressing between them. He will certainly, should it work out between his brother and Lestrade, use
On Thursday afternoon John was in dire need of a bath. His scalp itched and his hair looked like a sodden haystack underneath the bandage. It was high time to get the thing off and be done with that. He wasn’t admitting the fact to himself in broad daylight that, if Sherlock really did check on him at night, he didn’t want to look like a beggar again. Or some helpless, wretched git.
“This guy never stole her money and murdered her cat,” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed, his eyes on the screen of the television. He huffed in exasperation.
The silence after the door thuds closed behind the DI feels oppressive. Grabbing his coat, Sherlock turns to the counter to stiffly gather the box, velvet inlay, and cardstock. Molly has taken the flower earlier to define the toxins and Sherlock sees no reason to retrieve it now. The need to get away from this place is burning hot in his chest and his head is practically spinning. He feels like he’s been punched in the stomach and it is only now that he realizes the feeling in his guts for what it truly is: fear, dense, liquid and stifling. There is also anger, yes, a lot actually, but now that it’s gone quiet around him again, the fear is rapidly rising and wining out. He stores the remains of his anonymous present in his pockets, not minding at all whether he breaks or crumbles them, because, clearly, he is done here. And just wants to be gone.
__________________
John felt the corners of his mouth twitch. What was it with these Holmes brothers that made them so… irritating?
“One of them.”
"Tell me again, why I am here," Sherlock demanded as he and John left the cab. John saw him burying his hands deep in the pockets of his coat and shooting him an accusatory glance over the roof of the car.
John snorted.
If that self-assessment wasn’t such a disappointment in everything he prides himself with, Sherlock would be utterly annoyed. Because this is decidedly not how to keep the darkness away. The darkness of failure. Of loss.
“Hey, didn’t you want to get that?” John says. He has a box in his hands and his scarf is askew. “That’s for you.”
John hesitates a moment and pinches the bridge of his nose. “What do you know of my plans for tonight?” he finally asks but it’s rhetorically and with an air of defeat, and it’s that moment, where it occurs to Sherlock that they may be talking about completely different things. There’s obviously something off, something he’s missing and his features scrunch in bemusement and fury.
Imagining sex with Sherlock was something John had tried to avoid in the last days. Partly because it didn’t feel adequate to succumb to that sort of guilty pleasure when there were so many things unspoken between them. His heart might not have survived the comparison between everything that was potential between them, what his raw and wistful mind could come up with on the one side and their real situation on the other. And now he found he didn’t even have to start imagining anymore. He could just live it and do whatever Sherlock would let him do. He bent up and kissed him again. His presence felt intoxicating.
“Dinner and a stroll through the park with a stupid, faceless female that cancels on you?” Sherlock sums up, annoyed he’s phrasing it as a question, before he shakes his head and glares indignantly. “You should’ve at least chosen someone more worthy of your attention, someone who doesn’t cancel on you and your
Sherlock had sounded a little too defensive but then seemed to gather himself and rolled his eyes dramatically.
As if on clue Sherlock’s phone chimes again. Annoyed, he fumbles around the insides of his suit jacket and gets it out. The screen is still lit with the last incoming message and Sherlock, giving it the barest of glances to just confirm the texter’s ID, huffs indignantly because Lestrade is right.
miss for all he’s worth but Sherlock concedes he definitely could care less and it is just way too lovely how John’s eyes twinkle at the memory. “Buckingham Palace, yes, you without pants at Buckingham Palace. It was so hilarious… so very you. I guess that’s when I for sure knew.”
” John hisses and closes his hand around Sherlock’s wrist in a strong grip. Sherlock freezes.
John raked his hair and became aware of a puckering on his face where the third man had hit him. It hurt and he cautiously flexed his jaw and let his tongue slide over his teeth to check for damage, tasting blood, but there was no need to worry too much about that now.
“Sherlock?” he hears John’s voice from the hallway and a moment later his door flies open and there is John and Sherlock feels dizzy with instant relief washing over him.
“Yes, if you wish to,” Sherlock reservedly agrees and finds himself taken aback by the fact that John obviously doesn’t want to rush home and lock himself into his room. His guts still feel uneasy when he falls into step beside John as they head for the near park.
Sherlock gave a small incredulous laugh.
John.
But Mycroft only shrugged his shoulders.
They are at Lestrade’s office two days later, Sherlock is scanning evidences, writing his report and setting everything into order for something productive to do and make time go faster. He’s in an excellent mood. They’ve solved a murder case earlier that day where Sherlock has made brilliant deductions in connecting car tires, bank accounts, a wooden puzzle box, a stray cat and, absurdly, a special brand of mint ice cream. John had called him amazing, brilliant and outstanding. Sherlock has loved every minute of it and the particular urge to show off hasn’t left him yet. He’s still riding an adrenalin high that’s better than any rush cocaine could ever provide him with. He figures he might as well employ that stroke of genius with the wooden puzzle box again. He wasn’t able to crack it earlier but it didn’t really mar his success with both the case and John. Sherlock has never though solving crimes could be even more fascinating but John’s adoration and praise proves him wrong on a regular basis. He feels wonderful.
“Are you angry with me, Sherlock?”
John chuckles again. “Oh, yes, that you do. Especially the blogger-part is memorable." Sherlock gives an exaggerated sigh in mockery at the pride in John's voice and John grins widely before shaking his head. “Stop sulking because I cannot spend my day with you,” he says more sharply and Sherlock has to roll his eyes and give him a long-suffering sigh to gloss over the fact that John has quite hit the nerve. “I have to earn money or else no one would pay your latest gas bill. I mean, what were you even thinking when you—” But Sherlock only growls and waves his hand in a throw-away gesture. “Leave it, John,” he demands. “I have quite explained the necessities of said experiment to you more than once and will not do so again.”
Sherlock smiled, his eyes calm.
“Ah,” John smiles widely, “says the man who calls Greg pathetic for it, yet
“Ready?”
The man who had appeared at the window didn’t seem to notice. He was busy grinning viciously.
It’s ridiculous - Sherlock Holmes doesn’t sweat! He has self-control!
He instantly reached for his gun… and found it wasn’t there.
“BUT YOU FUCKING WEREN’T DEAD! You were not dead and that was not loyalty.”
“This is not casual for me. Quite the opposite. I thought I’d made myself clear.”
John’s face instantly flushed as did Sherlock’s but then he saw something in the other man’s eyes that made his heart do an odd lurch and start beating frantically against Sherlock’s chest.
John stood rooted to the spot. He didn’t know what to say. It got worse when he saw Sherlock approaching them from somewhere in the murky back garden, tight smile plastered on his face. John’s stomach suddenly clenched with anger and uncertainty despite the carefully calm surface of his face. Of course they hadn’t talked! They never had, at least not about something as meaningful as that. Terribly intimate things had always happened between them but it had been nothing he had ever questioned. Because there had never been any need to talk about it. Because with Sherlock such things as “personal space” and “boundaries” simply didn’t exist anyway. So it had always been perfectly normal. Everything had changed when Sherlock came back, though. It had forced John to acknowledge potentialities. And to feel like a coward about it.
cancel on John if he ever invited him out on a Valentine’s date. It is just too stupid to even consider.
“Ignore it, just kiss me,” he breathed and brought their lips together again.
How can his voice go from low to lewd in a matter of seconds? Sherlock immediately likes it.
Before it can all tumble over into awkwardness, though, Sherlock feels John slightly relax the claim on his body. He tips up his face to ghost a kiss across Sherlock’s forehead. Sherlock instantly likes the way John’s nose gets lost in his curls and, absurdly, how reassuring, how protective that gesture is. How John uses his leverage to press another kiss onto each of Sherlock’s brows as if they each were lovers of his in its own right even though he is the one trapped in the constrained space between the bed and another fully grown body on top of him. It is
