That was it. Sherlock, face bloodied from a cut on the cheek, turned on the man with the gun and wrestled with him for it. A shot went off, straight up into the roof of the car, as the driver veered from side to side, trying to throw Sherlock off of his brother, but Sherlock held fast, directing the gun toward the driver so that, the next time it went off, it shattered the windshield and caused the driver to jam on the breaks with a screaming curse.
“Good, good,” John nodded, just before taking the vial and hurling it into the fireplace, smashing it into shards against the ash-coated brick.
to walk away from Mycroft in Buckingham Palace that time.” He leaned forward at the waist to emphasize his point. “I
John tilted his head quizzically. “Yeah. Finally admitted it to myself after all those years of denial, but you
Lestrade rolled his eyes in exasperation. “Why are you so hung up on the Sherlock fellow, anyway?” he groused as he knocked out the last guard. Tob-acca had taken care of the others before stopping to take a piss on one of them. Lestrade
“I don’t know,” Mycroft answered softly, his eyebrows knit together in consternation. “Sherlock is quite adept at a number of languages, but his default has always been English, so…”
was a miserable lesson,” Sherlock shot back. “I’m not like you, Mycroft. You were always so self-possessed, so sure of yourself. You take after Mum. I’m more like Dad, in so many respects. He’s the heart of our family. The rest of us are the brains.”
into another room and notify Security. Do not touch the spider—it’s poisonous. Oh, and a three-egg omelet with cheese and tomato juice, please.”
“Yes, you are,” the little blonde insisted. She raised her small hand and touched Sherlock’s cheek with a finger. “You’re crying. The tears are right
?’ he mocked with an exaggerated movement of his head and shoulders, then continued, “What, haven’t you noticed? We’re a
“Doubtful,” Sherlock replied, with all the haughtiness he could muster. “My partner is nothing, merely an excitable grunt on the front lines of the war on crime. His fighting skills make him useful, and he makes for prime bait material on the right occasion, but other than that...” He shrugged, causing his chains to rattle. “All brawn, no brain.”
“The caliber of law enforcement doesn’t change with location, John. They are all low-level morons with a badge who can’t see what is clearly standing in front of them,” Sherlock replied, calmly. “I am not here to make up for their deficiencies.”
Sherlock asked, his nose squinching up in puzzlement. He knelt down next to John, eyes pleading. “Il est seulement traducteur.
“He’s not a meaningless scrap of ordinariness, as you stated once before,” Sherlock growled. “I nearly hit you for that statement alone!”
Sherlock smiled widely and often while conferring with his new interpreter. Unfortunately, this fact was not lost on John, who found himself feeling rather third-wheelish while the two worked together. And if Sherlock noticed the sullen look on his friend’s face, he didn’t comment. He just went on, as usual, displaying his brilliance and wit before the young soldier, who appeared to be just as entranced as John was.
“Stop, Sherlock,” John said, breathing heavily. My God, my god, my God, what is he doing? “How much of this would you have taken?”
.” She picked up a floaty toy and lobbed it out of the tub. It hit the wall with an aborted squeak and fell behind the toilet. One of Sherlock’s eyebrows rose in response.
“Neurologist said something about possible damage to the language pathways in the brain. Your neural network is bypassing the damaged or non-functional areas so that you can communicate.”
“Cheeky bastard. It must be taken to task for such gross disrespect! Maybe later, after I can… walk… again.”
John nodded. “But only after the sandwiches and tea, agreed?” He fixed his gaze on Sherlock, who nodded. “All right, then,” he said as he shifted his weight off his flatmate, allowing him to sit upright on the couch. Sherlock wrapped himself tightly in the comforter, legs tucked up and head drooping.
the record?” Another set of restraints removed. Sherlock grimaced as Lestrade moved his frozen shoulder.
contacted me, upon occasion, to see if I had heard of anything going on with my former husband’s drug ring, but I never…”
Ella closed her eyes, her brow furrowing. John watched, hoping for some sort of panacea but knowing that it was unlikely.
“But he is a good and honorable man who would defend her from both her enemies and her so-called ‘friends’ alike,” he finished.
, Irene could be, so I took no chances. Figured that if she somehow managed to get a hold of my gun she’d be rendered harmless. No bullets, no hospital bills.” He chuckled. “Bet she was surprised as hell when she pulled the trigger.”
felt really nice. Sherlock has nice lips. I watch them when he’s talking. I’ve wondered what it would be like to kiss them.
There was a pause, then a voice said, “Yes, it was a simple one, wired to the doorknob. We have taken it away and the bomb squad will dispose of it safely. Please open the door; we have a lot of questions.”
Slipping his shoes off, John undressed and put on loose-fitting pajamas before crawling into bed. It was too early to sleep but he suddenly felt a need to hold this man in his arms and try to chase the demons away from him. He slipped under the comforter and reached out a tentative hand to rest on Sherlock’s back. But before he touched, he whispered, “Sherlock,” so as not to startle him. Still no reply, so he gently touched the scarred back he had gotten to know so well. There was no startle, no shrinking away this time. Instead, the dark-haired head turned almost imperceptibly in acknowledgement of his presence.
John cocked an eyebrow, a barely-suppressed smile crinkling his face. “So, now that we’ve determined for sure that they
“So, how about I call out, you put on some pyjamas, and we’ll get comfortable for the evening, yeah?” John suggested.
“He’s the victim! Don’t cuff him!” John yelled out, followed by Agent Doyle, who emerged from the same car as John. He sprinted to Sherlock’s side, cradling the fallen detective and examining his facial wound. “Sherlock, are you all right, love? How many fingers do you see?” he asked, holding up two fingers.
There was an odd stinging in his eyes as he closed his notebook and walked back toward Baker Street alone.
. He wanted to plunge his full length into his lover and feel him clench around him, hot and wet and Sherlock…
He sucked in a steadying breath. “I saved your worthless arse in Karachi, only to have you betray me and leave me naked in the desert! That wasn’t sufficient revenge for you? I should have let them execute you, you ungrateful bitch!”
They shot out into the night, searching, searching for that one little blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl who meant so much to them both. They immediately contacted the local Network, who would be keeping their eyes peeled for the pyjama-clad child. They searched every alley in the area, every dumpster, every below-street-level entry for signs of the precocious girl…
Assuming a neutral expression, Sherlock strode into the room, past John and Rosie, and sat in his own chair. He picked up a book he had started and
It seemed to go on forever, this battle, but it couldn’t have been more than a couple of seconds before John was in the water, too, striking at Sherlock’s attacker and loosing his hands from around Sherlock’s slender throat. A set of small, strong hands grabbed Sherlock by the collar and dragged him to the surface, where he sucked in air like a drowning man, which, in fact, he was. He finally regained his feet with John’s assistance and waded toward an exit door, where they were met by a Security guard who had seen them on closed-circuit TV. They were immediately taken to Guest Services and questioned, after being offered towels and, ironically, something to drink. They were also Breathalyzed, which came up negative.
When he finally pried his eyes open, there, looming above him, was the one thing he always wanted to see, that he treasured, that he would die for. Sherlock’s gorgeous face was looking down at him with the gentlest, sweetest smile John had ever seen, accompanied by shining, silver eyes full of adoration for him, and him alone. His hair was a riot of dark brown curls framing his face like a halo.
After several false starts, Lestrade stammered, “Yes, John Well, no, actually...you… you sounded like...like Sherlock.”
John finished putting away the non-perishables and stowing the bags before turning his attention to what was going on in the bedroom. Inside, he found Sherlock sitting cross-legged in bed, still in pajamas, bent over his phone in rapt attention. He glanced up as John entered the room and motioned him over with one hand. “Look at this—Lestrade just texted me about a new case. He doesn’t have all the details just yet but some facets of the case appear to be unique…” Sherlock looked up into John’s face with a smile bright enough to read by. “He’s going to send over the case file as soon as the forensic work is in. I…John, are you all right?”
“Gladly,” Sherlock whispered as their lips met, soft and sweet and tasting a bit of basil and garlic. Rosie giggled and clapped her hands. Little known to anyone, Angelo was peeking out of the kitchen door, taking video with his phone, grinning like a loon.
“In here, Greg,” John yelled back. Sherlock could feel a sheet being pulled over his battered body. A light pat of sympathy and support fell on the shoulder. “I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John said as he tried to untie the bindings by touch alone. “I can’t see right now. I’ll untie what I can…”
John opened the door slowly, still holding his medical bag in one hand, cleared his throat, and asked, “Is, uh, is this for a case?”
Sherlock’s face grew dark, his eyes stormy. “More likely, he’s gone to turn you all in. Let’s go!” He turned toward the central hub of the prison just as sounds of the door locks being shot out rang through the air. “Oops, can’t go that way.”
The hand squeezed slightly. “Love you, too,” Sherlock murmured back, turning his head slightly in John’s direction. “Even though you just fucked me into next week,” he added. He looked up, his face a bit tight, as if expecting bad news. “
As an old man, John finally found himself unable to tend to his own needs. He was well-situated enough financially that he could afford companion care for his bathing and his chores. A lively young woman with kind eyes would visit daily and assist him in getting ready for his day. She would then do the shopping while John wrote his memoires. He had already published several tomes recounting his crime-solving adventures with me in our glory days. He was now working on his more recent adventures (without mentioning his “ghostly partner”, of course) and a book on criminal behavioral analysis. He was content.
After finally shaking off the initial shock, John knocked politely on the door. “Um, may I come in?”
There was a sharp rap at the door of the suite. John took his precious time levering himself out of the low chair and, stopping first to run an appreciative hand over Sherlock’s bare arse and throw a silk robe over him, sauntered to the door and opened it. Standing in the doorway were two men in dark suits, conspicuous for their strange apparel in the heat of Florida’s summer. One pulled out his ID and John read it closely. “Yes, may I help you?” he asked, innocently, because, for once, he was.
“Poor Daddy,” Rosie whispered as her eyes welled up with tears. Sherlock grabbed a tissue and daubed them away.
you were. And then, my God, you had the temerity to choose that pint-sized, needle-dicked doctor over
I exited the bedroom and stalked into the kitchen. Everything was either dirty, broken, or discarded. John’s temper was on display again, along with an uncharacteristic apathy. John
Sherlock and John shouldered their way to the police barrier, where they identified themselves and were met by Detective Inspector Lestrade. He looked harried and just a bit surprised to see Baker Street’s illustrious Consulting Detectives arriving unsolicited.
gifted in that area. Once again, he swung Sherlock around to face the wall, his pants still moored below his bum. Sergei’s rapidly-growing member began sliding between Sherlock’s taut cheeks, becoming more and more of a weapon with each stroke. Then, with practiced ease, he pressed the head against Sherlock’s entrance and pushed, hard.
temporarily.” His mouth twisted in frustration. “However, once you’re discharged from hospital, we may have to get you a crime-scene translator for a while.” When Sherlock scowled at the thought, he added, hastily, “Only for as long as the condition lasts, of course. We have
, more like,” Mycroft corrected him. “John is a man who never came home from the war. You are a man who never stopped seeking a drug high. To put it overly-simply; you are his war, and he is your drug. A mutually-dependent, enabling relationship that, somehow,
Sherlock could feel tears slipping unbidden through his closed lids. He turned his face aside in a vain attempt to hide them.
Sherlock could feel a deep ache in his chest for this man. He had gone through so much abuse and rejection at the hands of his family and peers, and yet he had survived to become one of the finest men Sherlock had ever known. His respect for this small man grew with each new revelation.
“I don’t know, yet. I will stay until John is out of danger, and then I will formulate a plan to ensure his continued safety. After all, killing John
Sherlock slowly turned his head toward John and replied, “You’re not so bad yourself, trooper. Tell me, why are you here again?”
Lestrade’s eyes widened as he withdrew slightly from John. John was still shivering. I tried to put my arms around him but he just shivered harder. Of course! I’m cold! Unagitated energy has no heat! I backed away and he settled a bit when someone wrapped an orange blanket around his shoulders.
“I don’t deserve him.” The words were bitter in John’s mouth, like hemlock with a lime chaser. “I never
“And mine is brilliant,” John said, through a mouthful of fish, and the two dissolved into laughter.
Everyone froze. Sherlock extracted his hair from the one man’s fist and picked up the discarded gun from where it had fallen post-bite. He slid to the far side of the seat and held up the gun, two-fingered, by its handle. A police officer opened the door behind him and Sherlock tumbled out backwards, tossing the gun as he fell. It was retrieved and the officer started to cuff Sherlock when a familiar voice called out from a car that had just arrived at the scene.
“Well, I approached one of the dancers—the one you liked so much—and asked her where I could take some lessons. I’m too old for ballet or some of the
Another cheer when the door opens. John turns and sees Freddy Mercury. Well, it’s actually Sherlock Holmes wearing a chevron moustache and the trademark a-shirt under a fake fur jacket.
I had not yet made it all the way down the stairs when I saw that a carriage was pulled up to the front door. I could hear voices from inside the library and knew that we had a visitor, an older man, and that he was talking with my aunt alone, my uncle having gone away for a few days to attend to some business.
One day I’m crossing Russell Square and hear a voice calling my name. It’s like deja vu, Mike sitting on a bench as if he’s just been waiting for me to walk by. I sit, and we talk. It’s not like the last time, though. There’s no madman waiting in the morgue for me, no flat share to consider. But it’s nice, seeing him again.
“How can I help you?” This might be a safe way to begin. She will tell him what she wants, and he will make her go away. Unless it’s something interesting, but he’s doubting that.
It’s so stupid that it might be brilliant. No blood, no dragging a dead body across the parking lot. The body might not have been discovered for days, he notes, by which time it would have been harder to fix the time of death, and Vincent would no doubt have firmed up an alibi. A planned execution, a fallout between business partners, a bully who overpowered a smaller man and humiliated him by letting him die horribly, helpless to save himself.
This weekend he’ll go somewhere. He’ll talk to someone, introduce himself, have a conversation. Maybe he’ll apply for some jobs, even if it’s not surgery. At least he’ll be using his skills, spending his days around other people instead of focusing on how broken he is.
A couple of hours later they’re at a restaurant, this time a small Italian place called Angelo’s. They are ushered to a table near the window, which seems to be Sherlock’s usual spot. All of this is apparently part of some larger plan to catch a serial killer.
I’m sure you could dig it up on You Tube if you wanted to see it, but I’d rather you didn’t. It was a religious horror film, something like
As he strides towards them with a purpose, John turns, smiling. He then seems to realise that a smile is not the expression he ought to be wearing. He clears his throat and puts on a more serious look. Chiselled Abs is still smiling.
“How do you—“ John shakes his head, smiling. “Never mind. I wish I’d seen it as easily as you just deduced it.”
On the train home, he wonders if Sherlock will notice he’s late. It’s too soon to tell Sherlock about these sessions with Jay. Until he’s figured out how and what he ought to communicate, he’d just as soon keep it to himself. Announcing that he has issues and needs to talk to someone else is only going to make things worse.
John read. “That’s… very thoughtful, Sherlock.” He turned the page. “Are buttocks also a symbol of love?”
But when they lie together like this, sated and still, he could almost renounce his decision not to love.
He gave a short laugh. “One would think that a man who blackmails people would have a formidable strongbox. We were lucky in that.” He took another piece of toast and a rasher of bacon.
It is. He eats every bite, even though his stomach is protesting the sudden deluge of heavy food. Abruptly he senses that he’s surpassed his limit of food and drink, and excuses himself to go to the mens’ room. Once he’s taken care of the cramping in his gut, he washes his hands and stares at himself in the mirror.
In the London papers, I read of my own death, and Moriarty’s as well. I also learned that the police action had not been as successful as Lestrade had claimed. Sebastian Moran and several others were still at large. I supposed that one of them had sent that rock for me.
Why? Tell me why you want to live. You’ve looked death in the face far too often. Look again. A dangerous man is holding a gun to your head.
He pulls out his wallet and pays, hoping whatever it is will be worth the forty-two pounds he has to put on his credit card.
gay, but that’s the point. You can’t know a person’s orientation by looking at them. A gay man might adopt certain habits of dress, certain mannerisms, but most of the men he’s known who identify as gay don’t appear any different from the straight men he knows. It’s like Jay says, everybody’s a bit of both, on a continuum of preference.
But, Sherlock. He lived with him for a year and a half, and they’d been friends. And he grieved when Sherlock died. Not grieved like a friend. He’d lost friends before, and this was nothing like those losses. Pain, darkness, unending regret. Even after Mary, some of that darkness remained. Moments when he remembered something Sherlock had said or done, a stab of pain. If it hadn’t been for Mary—
I drizzled a bit of the honey on the toast. “It’s a rather dark honey,” I told him. “Smoky, almost.”
“You’ll have to ask your brother about that. Mr Holmes came by to tell me — this was over two years ago now — and asked me to keep the flat open for the doctor’s return. He seemed to expect it.” She gave me a sharp look. “Or maybe it was you he was expecting.”
But I haven’t told her about Sherlock. I’m not sure whether I’m supposed to keep it secret. When it becomes public, it will be a big event, a media circus, even. I’ll have to wait and see what he wants to do about that.
She turned to Sherlock. “And what about Baz? He isn’t a very social person, is he? Do you see any development there?”
Watson nodded. “She had all her papers in order and set forth the entire matter with great clarity.”
“We will have to test that hypothesis some other time, Watson. I mean no insult to your physique in suggesting that your punch will not be powerful enough to hurt me. It’s simply physics, my good man. No doubt you are a scrapper, capable of scaring off a band of thugs. Physically, though, the best you can do is bruise me. Do not worry that you will cause permanent harm.” I turned my face to the left, exposing my jaw. “Now, be so kind as to assault me.”
Hearing that voice after just a few days without it stirs something inside him. He wishes he could come home now, but Rosie’s persuaded him to stay the night and take her to school in the morning.
It’s Sherlock. He’s dyed his hair auburn and cut it short. He’s not wearing the Belstaff, but is dressed in jeans and a parka, the kind of thing normal people wear when they travel. Sherlock never wears jeans, never dresses like a normal person. On him it looks odd, like a disguise.
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of, John. You’re correct that many people do experiment during adolescence. Experiences like this are common and don’t mean much in the long run. Sexuality is not completely binary; it’s a continuum. It may be that someday we’ll realise that there are a lot more people in the middle of that line than at either end, but for now, society insists on labels. It sounds like you label yourself
“No. I ran into Mike Stamford completely by accident that day. Russell Square wasn’t a place I even expected to be, so it wasn’t as if he’d laid a trap for me. Even if Sherlock had singled me out with the specific purpose of impressing me into being his flatmate— why? He didn’t know me, and Mike wasn’t aware I’d been in Afghanistan, or that I was in town. It was just by chance that we met; Sherlock certainly wasn’t thinking that two years later he would be throwing himself off the roof of Barts, confessing a huge hoax to me.”
A governess, then, as I had deduced from her costume, which was sombre and simple, suggesting a good position, but limited means. “It was nothing so perplexing,” I said.
“You know, Sherlock, you really shouldn’t be hooking up with people using fake names. Anonymity is one thing, but—“
“Look, I think we need to talk,” John says. “We haven’t been communicating very well, and I, erm, want to talk about… things.”
, and whether it can take the form of endearments or hair-fondling, but he doesn’t want to embarrass John.
He thought, too, of Molly, who seemed to have the most unfortunate luck with men. First, she fell in love with Sherlock, a gay man. And if he weren’t gay, he’d still be a bad bet.
She took his hand and held it, studying his face with sharp eyes. “You have an honest face, Mr Watson, but you are ridiculously pretty for a man. That will bring you trouble.” She glanced at me. “Perhaps it already has.”
It’s nearly three weeks before Watson opens his eyes. When he sees Holmes, he smiles. “How long?” he rasps.
“You didn’t. And I’m not embarrassed that everyone knew I was in love with you. Love isn’t as terrible as you seem to think, Sherlock. Caring about another person is never pathetic. It’s noble. That love I had for you didn’t go to waste. Why do you think I agreed to help you with your scheme?”
“He had committed the perfect murder, he said, and knew it was perfect because he’d never been caught. His cancer was a slow form that would give him another few years. He did not reveal any details of his crime, but said that no one had even realised that the death was a murder. He chose a person he had never met, and had no reason for killing them other than to see if anyone would notice. The victim was too young to have died of natural causes. Nevertheless, a natural cause was assumed. The family accepted this unsatisfactory reasoning and let it go.
Perhaps, I thought, it would be better if he left. I had made a mistake in thinking we could go on as we had. He was not mine, could never be mine. I should have turned him out years ago. My own attachment was the problem. Watson was genial, a man who made friends wherever he went. He did not need me.
“He’s not fine, Sherlock. He’s treating patients with rashes and haemorrhoids, not doing surgery. He’s still living with pain from his injuries.
“Curiosity. I wanted to see who he was blackmailing, and to prevent that information from falling into other hands.”
“You’ve said that. I’m not angry, Sherlock, not now. I’m not even sure what you’re apologising for.”
He glowered a bit, and I could tell that I had injured his pride. “Very well,” he said at last. “Do not blame me.”
My heart broke a little. I hadn’t expected him to decline so much in a few months— no, it had been almost a year, hadn’t it? “Yes, my dear. I’ve come back, and I have so much to tell you.”
He smiled. “You would not have taken such a risk for our client, whom you called foolish. It’s because of the note he sent you that you looked. He was threatening me.”
When it rang a second time, John went downstairs to see who it was. In a moment I heard him speaking with a woman. Then we heard high heels clicking on the stairs as they came up, still talking. I heard the woman say, “You’re much younger than I expected.”
“Neither of us is asexual,” John says. “I think Sherlock hasn’t had any romantic relationships, though, and mine have only been with women.”
John was always the neat one, the one who cared if things were clean. Sometimes he’s obsessive about his space, edgy when things are out of place. Ella would probably tell him that tidying up was his way of dealing with the chaos around him while he was growing up.
Another cab was idling just behind. He lunged for the door, swung himself into the back seat, and snapped, “Baker Street— 221B!”
“It’s more than chemistry,” she says, pushing the biscuits towards him. “People need other people, and we instinctively try to protect the people we love. When you died, John felt that he’d failed to protect you. His grief cost him a lot, and when he saw you, he felt like it had been wasted.”
“She’s the one that found the body,” says Lestrade, indicating the weeping woman. “Don’t think you’ll get much useful out of her. Be nice.”
It didn’t happen all at once, he remembers. There were things that might have told him, things he ignored. Improbable things. It was when the improbable became impossible to explain that his understanding began. “Everyone was ill, dying. I tried to heal them. I had begun to understand how contagion works, and thought it strange that I didn’t become ill. I tried to infect myself, but even when my entire… family was dead, I did not succumb. I went away after that.”
It wasn’t my voice. We both startled and turned to stare into the sitting room, where a girl was standing, watching us.
The tree under which he’d been buried must have been a mere sapling when he died. It was now the largest left in the grove, though I could see it had been damaged like the others and would be taken down just as soon as the graves were removed. I wondered how John would feel about that, whether he would find his new resting place or simply fade away.
Sherlock has been avoiding the flat. Really, he’s avoiding John. Fortunately he’s had a couple of cases to keep him busy.
“The scene is too long,” Sherlock announced after they’d worked their way through the tedious dialogue.
Those were solitary years. Though I acquired a few friends along the way, I did not develop any close relationships. I was exploring an area of science that was largely a mystery, hoping to make a name for myself, and did not mind if most of my time was spent alone.
“Of course. When we saw that Milverton was past help, we naturally took off running. Our intent was to scale the fence and disappear before your lot started making the wrong deductions. Unfortunately, Watson is short, through no fault of his own, and didn’t make it over the fence. Three more inches, and you would not have known he was there. You would have found the scene, deduced that the murderer entered through the veranda door, their intent obvious.”
Over the years, I had met numerous ghosts. Most had an agenda, even if it was simply to see justice done for their death. There were so many of those angry dead, more than I could possibly help.
He raises his head again and looks at me, his eyes clear. I can see the pain there, lingering around the edges, though. “It made me realise something, John.”
be a woman, and that is all that matters), he’ll realise. His apology to Sherlock will be sincere, and he’ll probably even shed a few tears. But being with this woman will feel more right than being with Sherlock ever did.
As I lay on the sofa smoking my pipe, dressing gown wrapped around my knees, I heard Watson bringing the mail up from the postbox, and prepared myself for more dullness. Watson was good at that sort of thing— paying the bills, noting important events on the calendar, answering mundane correspondence. I appreciated many things about him, and lifting the necessity of dull tasks from my own shoulders was one of them. At the moment, however, it left me with nothing to do.
He arrived for the first read-through of the script. Considering the circle of chairs, he sat next to Martha Hudson.
problem, not Molly’s. While he didn’t mind being an arsehole, he felt bad that he’d hurt Molly’s feelings. This puzzled him. Maybe it was because she had made herself vulnerable to him that he felt like a horrible person whenever he hurt her. In the heart he always pretended he didn’t have, he understood how hard unrequited love was.
“Yeah, she was too. Said she hadn’t been looking, blah, blah. I guess it taught me something. Don’t trust anyone. People never mean what they say. So what about you? Have you given up women?”
And they don’t touch, except in cases of small medical emergencies. Checking a pulse, gauging a fever, applying a plaster.
“Watson,” I said, entering the room where we were staying. Chadwick had given us separate, but adjoining rooms, each with its own bed. Though we agreed on keeping up the pretence, I had insisted that Watson sleep in my bed.
“Just for you, dear boy. A very special honey from a hive of bees I tended while I was away.” I moved my chair closer to his.
Muttering and casting dark looks at his brother, he swirls his coat and leaves the room. John’s heart is racing, making all the monitors beep. He can feel his face flushing.
“You are most kind, Mr Holmes. I feel that we have some kindred spirit for poetry. I could talk of such things for hours.” He cast a smile at his fiancee. “I’m afraid Miss Chadwick finds me a rather dull companion.”
Rosamund/Ariel gave me a John Watson mini-scowl. “I don’t care about roses, and I don’t have a rosy mouth. Ariel is a better name. It’s a princess name in Disney, and it’s a fairy name in Shakespeare
“That’s her job, to get her interview blasted all over the internet, and the way to do that is to get you to say something that will go viral.”
I stared into the ruby depths of my wine glass, swirling it and watching the tear-shaped drops slide down the sides. “Your death would have broken my heart, John.”
My dreams were always him falling, dying in my arms. His blood on the pavement. I dreamed of empty days and sleepless nights, and all the things I regretted.
Most of the time Sherlock answers by the third text. When he wants John, he will text him seventeen times in a half hour and expect an immediate reply.
Watson’s eyes travel between the downcast boy and the detective. Sherlock gives him a sort of perplexed frown, and he realises that he’s being asked to help.
She looks better than last time, he thinks. When he came back, she’d just broken up with Clara and spent most of her days on the sofa drinking from a bottle. Either that or smashing things. The phone was one thing she didn’t smash, thanks to his quick grab. A brand new phone, and she was going to throw it against the wall.
Jerking back, Watson glares at him and resumes stammering. “It’s not a date! You— This!” He stabs an angry finger at Holmes. “These…
, Mr Holmes, your detective alter-ego notwithstanding. I could stand before you without a stitch of clothing, and you would not see who I am.”
The cabbie’s voice, rough and low. It was the first thing he noticed about the man, the thing that made him look up. That growl was an obvious attempt to disguise a voice that might have sounded familiar.
Everyone’s an idiot to Sherlock Holmes, but John Watson is the only idiot who—“ He breaks off, biting his lip and averting his eyes.
“You’re implying that I’m incomplete merely because I live alone and see no purpose in having a person— a partner, companion, significant other— to experience things with. Perhaps
was often applied to sex, but he didn’t see much connection. It involved a person, but that was about all.
“He will make a good doctor, then,” she replied. “Though doctors have to deal with many unpleasant things.”
The form beneath him stopped struggling. A silver-gray eye peeped out from the rolls of fabric surrounding his head. “A sushi roll,” he said, as if he was certain the speaker was insane.
intend to become so involved. Now, if you would be so kind as to remove yourselves from our doorway, my husband was about to molest me in the most shocking manner possible, which I will undoubtedly enjoy, so, if you don’t mind…” He indicated the hallway with an elegant sweep of his hand.
“Normally I would suggest ‘the talking cure’, but, in this case, I would recommend something more. Do you think you can get him to talk to you about it? Let him vent his feelings?”
But Sherlock had just pulled out a pen and was furiously writing something down on a corner of his placemat. He handed it to the Agent. “Here. Check this out. I think it might yield promising results.”
“Lightning flash scared her. Too close, I think. Woke her up in a panic,” Sherlock replied in clipped tones as Rosie sobbed and tried to burrow into Sherlock’s chest. “She’ll calm in a few, but I think that, maybe, we should take her downstairs with us for a bit.”
have to ‘get rid of’ in order to disappear?” Sherlock asked. “Some twat who asked too many questions? An innocent or two?”
seemed out of the ordinary, a bit extreme, even for him. John knew he was going to have to go in there and brave the beast in his lair. He just wasn’t looking forward to it. Not at
After several days, it was determined that there were no new intracranial bleeds and the blood clots had been successfully dissolved. CAT scans showed no new damage and resolving ischemia in the affected parts of the brain. One area, however, seemed to still be affected.
call me,” she replied, equally as reasonable. Then she cocked her head and asked, all innocence, “Why can’t I call you Papa when Daddy’s here?”
“You mean, ‘have more sex’, of course,” Sherlock replied through a mouthful of omelet. “Yes, I wholeheartedly agree.”
It was as difficult to hear the words as it was to get them out. “You’re…bi-sexual. You said so yourself.”
Between John, his colleague, and the bobbie, they had managed to separate the combatants until reinforcements could arrive from a nearby station. Once all the major players had been sorted out and carted off, John had
saying it—and I don’t want to get involved with any local crimes. Didn’t you hear the FBI agent?” John hissed back.
in charge now” as he circled his hips, causing his cock to shift around inside John’s arse, eliciting pleasured grunts and groans that Sherlock had never heard from John before. He reached up and pinched a nipple; the response was more than gratifying. John unwrapped his legs and, planting his heels into the mattress, pumped his hips up and down in opposition to Sherlock’s bold thrusts, each one of them crying out in time with their moments of deepest penetration. Faster and faster they moved, their movements becoming less and less controlled, until…
of us to do that. You concentrate on getting clean, and I’ll do the worrying, okay?” He leaned closely and whispered, “That’s what adults are best at, you know.”
ago that he should notify me if you were ever to be in the vicinity again. Seems he forgot to mention it to me.”
Lestrade swore. “Right in front of us the whole time.” He turned his head toward John. “Wife is an avid flower enthusiast. Participates in all kind of plant shows. Too many, it turns out. Friends say that, recently, the husband had forbidden her from taking any more trips, since she was dipping a bit too far into the family funds for her ‘hobby’. Looks like it was him or the flowers, and you can figure out which one won!”
John grinned. What an endearing berk he’d married! “No, love,” he chuckled. “I’m just afraid that we’ll get too
The last thing I remembered was feeling warm, drowsy, and very loved by the man who held me in his arms. I tried—
“So I recall,” Sherlock replied, holding his ground. Shrinking from this man would only encourage him.
As John and I watched, Mycroft sat down in my chair and cried. I had never felt so touched. I had forgotten how much I had loved him.
in your mind would have taken you to a safer place? One where Sergei couldn’t hurt you mentally or emotionally?” he summed up.
“If you’re gonna keep yelling at me, Greg, I’m gonna have to tell you to fuck off,” Sherlock slurred. “You’re gonna wake up John…”
of people with their faces blown off. As long as the brain isn’t compromised and the blood vessels in the neck are intact, you’ll get to enjoy it all.” Then John leaned in close to his victim before whispering, “And so will I. And no one here will lift a finger to help you.”
“Here, Sherlock. I’m here, love,” John whispered, Sherlock’s hand pressed desperately to his chest. The eyes turned to find him, a slow, pleased smile following shortly thereafter.
John watched, enraptured. God, he’d thought Sherlock was beautiful before, but this was the icing on the cake. To see him so aroused, so utterly undone, was
There was the sound of slow, measured footfalls on the stairs. Sherlock went out into the hall and said, “Mrs. Hudson, you should call us when you’re carrying something up here!”
For the first time in all the years he had known Mycroft, John saw that famous reserve break. Mycroft advanced upon him, grabbing him by the back of his collar and hurling him ass-backward onto the hard concrete. John yelped in indignation and pain. He stared up at the tall, menacing figure that loomed up in his vision.
“Where the hell did he come up with ‘trumpet flowers’?” Lestrade mused aloud. “I mean, if we can’t link these flowers to the murderer, we have no case.”
that promise.” He gusted a sigh through his nose. “No, I am as much in the dark as you are, if you’ll pardon the expression.”
When the music trailed away at the end, Sherlock bowed before John, breathing hard. As he stood back up again, John said, “that was...
Sherlock slid his arm around John’s shoulders, still maintaining a non-threatening space between their bodies. John’s eyes were a dead, dull blue as he continued his story.
Women did occasionally try to curry favor with the “new Great Detective”, but John was largely uninterested. He might go out to dinner with them, or a movie or show, but held back from going any further. It seemed, to my mind, that John might have felt that he’d offend me in some way, but I had found that, once the physical body was gone, jealousy wasn’t nearly the thing that it was before. I knew John loved me but I also knew that he had emotional and sexual needs requiring a live companion. Once, when John brought a woman to the flat, I manipulated the search feature of his laptop to show a book entitled “The Captain and the Lady; A Period Romance Novel.”
, I tried---to keep my eyes open until the very end, to hold the image of my dearest and only friend in the world, as he held me. Tears trailed down his broad face from those bluer-than-blue eyes as he gazed down at me. I tried to speak, to tell him it was all right, but it was no use. For not the first time, my words failed me.
“I’m OK, Sherlock. Bitch hit me across the face with her crop, then pistol-whipped me. Got blood in my eyes and one of them’s swollen shut.” John’s voice was right beside the bed. Sherlock could feel his hands groping for him. Short sensitive fingers were touching, appraising, catalogueing his injuries. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, what did she do to you? I can’t see…”
aplomb whatsoever. While normally stoic in nature, Sherlock was out of his depth, subjected to the type of abuse normally reserved for asphalt or concrete, as delivered by a jackhammer. Over and over, John penetrated Sherlock’s personal space with deliberate malice. His cries for relief were muffled by a comforting pillow, but his protests could still be heard.
Normally, Sherlock wouldn’t ask John for input. He would just throw on clothes, jump in a cab, and be whisked to NSY with John in tow. It was a sign that his confidence wasn’t yet completely restored, that he still relied on John for support.
“You seriously inconvenienced me, little brother. Magnussen had a fount of information we could have milked from him, but
A few minutes passed. There was no sign of Wiggins or his fellows. John began to despair that they had abandoned him—and Sherlock—when a shout went up on the main street. A young blonde girl was running for all she was worth, followed in short order by one of the most intimidating guttersnipes John had ever seen. The young woman didn’t have to feign being frightened—she was terrified of what might happen to her if this hulking bastard ever got his hands on her. She ran past the place where John was hidden and he readied himself to pounce, to try to take this guy down by himself when, suddenly, a group of shabby but determined men ran out of a doorway and surrounded the pursuer. He stopped, angry and confused, and bellowed for them to get out of the way.
“I am nothing if not a protector of the helpless,” Sherlock stated, proudly. John smacked him on his bare bum.
John stopped all movement in sudden concern. “Are you all right, love?” he murmured. “Am I hurting you? If so, tell me and I’ll stop…”
It was a large figure, brutish in form, with a bald pate and heavily muscled shoulders. Something about the way it moved seemed uncomfortably familiar. It stopped between them, a darkness deeper than their cell, and looked at each of them in turn. Then he laughed.
John whipped out his phone and put in a call to Billy Wiggins. He knew that Billy had a burn phone especially provided by Sherlock for Homeless Network jobs and that Billy was his point of contact.
“The PTSD pre-dated your stint in the army,” Sherlock observed, his voice soft but his meaning clear. “You were abused in your own home by your father...”
Tapping his umbrella on the concrete floor, Mycroft looked down, then back up at John. “Without knowing it, I believe you have touched upon the problem between you and my brother.”
John sat back in his leather-upholstered seat, staring sightlessly at the back to the driver’s head. He could no longer think coherently. His brain was full of alcohol, sex hormones, and self-loathing. He didn’t even bother to keep track of where they were taking him. When the car came to a gentle stop, he simply sighed and clambered out of the door, leaving an uninterested Anthea in his wake.
, on top of the head, and John breezed out into the kitchen, feeling better than he had in a long time. There was still a way to go—they still weren’t having sex, but the temporary relinquishment of John’s control over other areas of their relationship had made a world of difference in Sherlock.
as reticent. “We had a fine time, Mrs. Hudson. I learned a great many things during our stay there. Admittedly, some were of a somewhat
John sighed, then straightened his shoulders in resolve. “If you need any help with the culprit…” He said, restrained menace in his tone.
Before long, however, John reluctantly broke the kiss, looking up inquiringly at his lover. “Sherlock...”
John threw his head back, blinking back tears. God. Whatever I did to deserve this man, it clearly wasn’t enough.
John gave him a quizzical look. Sherlock then opened his eyes and stated, “You should have the best of everything, including a better husband than me.”
there for a minute, staring straight ahead at the blank door, blinking. He’d walked in on Sherlock in many degrees of dishabile, but never quite like...
“Idiots!” I shouted, John’s lighter voice suddenly sounding deeper and angrier and more like my former baritone than John’s tenor. “The EMT examined him and told you there was a suspicious wound on the chest but you waved him off! Did you even think to look for a bullet? A shooter? Of course not! That would require imagination and intellect, something in amazingly short supply in this herd of bleating sheep! Two cars! Did you get any descriptions? Any license plate numbers? Anything?”
Sherlock loomed up behind him with barely a sound. His downward gaze at the top of John’s head dripped acid. “It would have been nice if you had told me.”
He walked over to a device resting on the mantle, next to my embedded knife, the one John had never removed. Sentiment again. “The researchers called this a GetBox. It uses three different forms of energy to, supposedly, enable the dead to communicate directly with us.”
he knew. Since he’d only ever been here that one other time, the odds were in favor of the two situations being connected in some way,” John chimed in, before taking another bite of his fish sandwich.
“Don’t! Stop! Don’t! Stop! Don’t…stop! Don’t…stop…don’t…stop…Don’t stop…don’tstop don’tstopdon’tstop…”
Sherlock obeyed and slid his fingers out, provoking a sharp intake of breath from John that sounded like a cross between disappointment and relief. His body sagged a bit from the sudden release of sustained tension. “Now, I know you’ve gone down some. That’s perfectly normal. Use as much lube as you need and then some. Apply it to yourself first and get back up to a full erection, OK?” Sherlock nodded and squeezed out a generous dollop into his hand which he used to slick down his cock. After a few firm strokes he was fully erect again. “Add the rest to me,” John continued, keeping a weather eye on the proceedings.
John felt like he was about to burst. Feelings threatened to overwhelm him without cause or warning. He clenched and unclenched his hand in silent agitation.
Once at the door, he knocked softly, careful not to spill either mug. No response. John then bumped open the door (which, gratefully, had no lock) and stepped inside. “Sherlock?” Still no response. John looked over toward the bed and noticed a large, still mass under the comforter, not even a head showing.
Sherlock shrugged again. “To dull the pain, as I said. You know I hate repeating myself, John.” He uncrossed his long legs and sat up straighter in his chair. “If you had decided to indulge in your favorite pastime with a woman like Della, which seems to provide you with more comfort than any other types of encounters,” again, there was acid in the words, “then I would have required some surcease from pain as I dealt with it.” He held up his hand and, in yet another feat of legerdemain, produced a new vial between two extended fingers. “Perhaps this would not have been enough. No matter,” he added as he closed his hand again and yet another vial appeared.
transition, though, not like a fall from a height; more like a mode of transportation from one place to another. It wasn’t scary at all. It was, actually,…
, that I’m interested in.” This time, the riding crop came down with a crack across Sherlock’s unprotected cock, causing him to rear up and cry out in pain and surprise. “Just wait ‘til they see the video. Oh, my…their little Sherlock, all grown up and
Sherlock placed his hand over his heart and, staggering backward, said, with all due drama, “Alas! I am struck down by thine sarcasm!”
Sherlock took her hand from his cheek and kissed it. “Ah, no, mia dolce, two wrongs don’t make a right. You just live your best life and things tend to take care of themselves.”
“They would, and they have. You think too well of people in general, Watson. People do not marry for love, my boy. They marry for a variety of reasons, the foremost being money. Take your friend Munro, for example—“
Enough. He ejected the disk and put it back in its box, hid the damned thing once more in the bottom of his desk. Why he should hide it, he could not say. It wasn’t as if anyone visited him. And it shouldn’t be considered
“Who have they hired?” As he asked this, he realised. “Oh! It’s you. They’ve asked you to write it.”
In Sussex I buried John’s bones in the back garden, near the beehives. He was a content ghost, following me around as I tended the garden, repaired the hives, and sat writing up my notes. It would not be the book I had always intended to write; all I could do was record my observations, leaving them for anyone who wondered the same things I had always wondered. I would get my answer, but I would take that answer with me when I left.
“I can’t talk to you about boobs,” I said. I heard John, in the kitchen, clearing his throat rather dramatically. “It would be inappropriate.”
They’d had their most recent rehearsals at the theater where the episode would be performed and broadcast.
As they passed our pew, I leaned towards Watson and murmured, “I concede. They are both as poor as church mice. They will have altogether too many children, live in a cramped little house, and spend entirely too much on foolishness.”
He wonders what Sherlock’s family is like. He’s met the brother, briefly, on the night John shot the cabbie. Mycroft works for the government, doing something fairly important and hush-hush. Sherlock says that he
“She’s impossible! She won't let me wear normal clothes because boys will stare at my boobs. Look, they're not even big.” She grabbed her chest.
Behind closed doors things were happening; my uncle and aunt were discussing what they should do about me. This I did not know, of course, until later. To me, they seemed remote, but somewhat deferential in their dealings with me. If I was blamed for some prank, I would hear them tell my cousins to leave me alone, that I was only seeking attention. They also warned them not to provoke my anger or tease me, where before they scolded me for losing my temper. I took my meals in the nursery instead of with the family, and had my lessons apart from my cousins. I was glad for their fear, having been powerless for so long. Now that I had an ally, I did not mind that I was left alone so often, shunned by my family.
And Mike smiles so hard, his eyes disappear into his cheeks. “You’re the second person to say that to me today.”
“You wouldn’t do that, doctor. That would be an unprovoked attack. After all, look what nearly happened to poor Sherlock when he did it to CAM,” she replied, all exaggerated sweetness and sarcasm. Sherlock could hear her voice moving away from the bed.
Both were initially silent, unsure as to what to say, until John broke in and said, “I’m sorry I...” and he pointed to his own face in the area where he had hit Sherlock.
Rather than engaging in a fruitless search for a non-existent note, John immediately headed for his laptop without even stopping to take off his jacket. He briefly checked his email for any messages from Sherlock but found none. His phone had also been suspiciously silent today; when the two of them were in different parts of the city, Sherlock was usually blowing up John’s phone with a steady stream of texts. Sherlock definitely would have sent him a text message if he had gotten hung up somewhere.
, it must be. Give me your notes and I’ll discuss them with Lestrade. Why don’t you go get a coffee and wait for me over by that building? I’ll be back as soon as I can shake him loose.” He winked and grinned before sauntering off toward the inspector and his men.
. I was ready to march in there and properly threaten her if you hadn’t come to in time.” When John’s jaw dropped open, she continued on as if she hadn’t noticed. “Mycroft’s orders. There’s
and being able to see things that other people can’t. But, yes, I was also made fun of and...hurt for liking boys. A lot of people don’t like that,”
John barked out a laugh as Lestrade replaced the book on the shelf. He turned back to the still-chuckling man. “John, would you like to fill me in on this or shall I call the police psychologist?” he asked, his tone as unsure as I’d ever heard it.
and call out. I just heard footsteps run away from the door after the knock. Call the front desk and ask them to call security,” Sherlock instructed, not taking his eyes off the door.
“Well, ye-e-es,” Sherlock admitted, reluctantly. “I’m afraid I’ve always been the white sheep of the family...” He thought a moment, then remarked, “Maybe he’ll kill Mori-wan Iarty for me. That would be a brotherly thing to do...”
for them to rebuild, which tells you about the caliber of criminal we’re dealing with. Also, contact DI Lestrade and get him working for you on his side. He’s a good man, but don’t tell him I said that. I don’t want him getting a swelled head; he’d be
“Penetrate me with your cock; yes, I heard you the first time. Why is this so traumatic for you? After all,
I would get revenge, that I would get back into the network’s good graces again.” He took a step closer, his breath foul in Sherlock’s face. “I loved my job, you know? I am
Despite his struggle to control himself, his own body began to betray him. Soon he was as erect as he had ever been with John; as swollen, as sensitive…
The moment finally came. John was alone in my old bed, sleeping. I watched as his breathing became shallower and shallower, listened as his heart beat slower and more weakly…
.” Sherlock almost never cursed. He glared at the smaller man. “Why was that so important, hmm? Did you think you could
“Sherlock, why don’t we go down to the shady end of the pool and you can sit there and soak your back and legs in the cold water. It’ll take a lot of the sting out of…”
Gently, Lestrade pulled the blood-spattered sheets away from his chest, sucking in his breath at the sight of the damage he found beneath. “My God, that woman was psycho! Why would she do this to you?”
“I don’t think so, John,” Sherlock retorted, pointing to a line in the note. “See this line? This is the
Shaking his head, his entire expression screaming “Philistine!”, Sherlock said, “Why don’t you go get yourself a drink and sit down, John?”
splash you!” She pointed again at his high cheekbone just under his left eye, where a trickle had originated.
, over and over again. Remember when you said I was hurting you?” Sherlock nodded. “Well, don’t you think it hurts
Eyes lowered, Sherlock turned slowly in his crouched position to look at John, who was obviously gobsmacked by his child’s accusation. When their eyes finally met, John promptly looked away.
“Oh, shut it,” John retorted irritably. He kicked the back of the man’s knees and he went down to the pavement with a painful thud, at which point, John delivered a mighty kick to the small of the man’s back, sending him face-first into the concrete. He lay there, groaning, as John leaned over him and said, “Thanks for the workout, mate. I feel much better now.” He patted him on the head and kept walking down the street toward the bustling traffic ahead. He turned around once, to see the ruffian still lying on the ground, twitching. He smiled to himself.
“Righty-ho! Off you go!” Darth Mycroft replied as his light saber passed cleanly through Mori-wan Iarty’s body. The man disappeared, only his robes and light saber left to fall to the ground.
John was becoming uncomfortably aware of a gradual tightening in his pants. As he shifted around a little to ease the constriction, he couldn’t miss the slow, satisfied smile that was creeping over Sherlock’s lips as he took notice of the
. I thought he would either be the making, or the ruination, of you.” He chuckled again. “Still not sure which it is, even now.”
“Actually, I’ve already tried that. He clams up. Won’t say a word. Just goes to bed and pulls the covers over his head. He’s never been real great about discussing his feelings before, but now he’s positively constipated!”
“Anyway,” she continued, “she was staring into the big mirror too much and fixing her hair. She patted me on the head. I
, he heard the response in his head. He whipped around to see if Sherlock had whispered in his ear, but no such luck. There he was, flirting with the interpreter, who was obviously flattered by the attention being paid to him by such an attractive man.
habits? Made a lot more money than his salary could account for and was later found to have faked death certificates and lab results for payment. He lost his license to practice, became an alcoholic mess, and ended up on his own slab a few years later, dead of undetermined, though suspicious, causes. He had been about to go to the police about some matter that had happened a few years before; claimed they hadn’t held up their end of the bargain, so he was going to turn the tables on them. Sounds like he had been on someone’s payroll and they stopped bankrolling his lifestyle after he was no longer useful to them.”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with him anymore,” John sighed, looking out the large window to his left,
One more deep breath and he levered himself out of his chair. Perhaps a cup of tea might help smooth things over.
“Yes, John. Always yes,” he murmured and their lips met again, deeper and more passionate this time. John reached up to weave his fingers into that crazy mane of ringlets and gently grabbed a fistful of it, eliciting a soft moan. Their breaths came more and more in uneven gasps as their passion intensified, fuelled by long months of self-denial and uncertainty. Sherlock rolled on top of John, pressing him into the mattress, covering every possible inch of John’s body with his. They reveled in the touch and feel of each other, hands reaching and fondling, each of them grabbing at the other without thought, only need. John allowed Sherlock to take control, to guide their lovemaking and set his own pace. Their overarching desire was for
John opened the man’s jacket and swore. “Why didn’t anyone mention the fact that this man has been shot?” he demanded as he pointed to the neat bullet hole in the middle-aged man’s chest, surrounded by crushed ribs and a shattered pelvis.
John suppressed a smile at the overly-dramatic care with which Sherlock sat down. Despite the start of the festivities, John had, eventually, gained ascendency, and a modicum of control, over the voracious beast he had helped to unleash, and subdued it by virtue of superior weaponry. In short, he had fucked Sherlock to within an inch of his life, with the promise of more if he didn’t behave.
Dr. George Mayer readjusted his bent glasses and settled them, still slightly askew, on the bridge of his nose before answering. “Well, actually, John, I had wanted your opinion because of your close association with Mr. Sherlock Holmes. I figured that, seeing as how you have seen
John clambered slowly to his feet, his head spinning. Once he had regained his balance, Mycroft asked, sharply, “Why are you taking your rage out on my brother?” There was an unpleasant, accusative edge to his voice.
“Mary’s fine. So’s the baby,” Sherlock assured me. “An ambulance brought all of us here. I wasn’t hurt badly, just knocked out for a few, along with some brilliant bruises. Mary and the baby were examined in A&E and given a clean bill of health.
Sherlock made a sound of disgust and bent his head back over his phone, annoyed by the way in which he had just been played by his flatmate.
“I do. You went to uni, did drugs, dropped out. I assume you went to rehab. Well, good for you. Now you have a career you can be proud of, and eventually no one will remember the show that made you famous. John will always be who he was when he died, and I’m not sure he liked that person very well. And I— well, you can see what happened to me. I quit the business. You and I both got second chances. He never did.”
the title reads. The black cover features a red rose, its petals dropping, and a gold ring. The author: Mary Morstan.
Of course he loves John’s body: his flat belly, the way he broadens from the waist up to strong shoulders. His scar is fascinating. He’s hairier than Sherlock, but it’s all golden, darkening as it descends towards his groin. And he’s become familiar with every aspect of John’s thick cock, flaccid or hard, aroused or spent. He loves the way John’s breath hitches when he touches it, how it firms in his hand when he strokes. The sounds that come from John’s mouth.
A very angry Wilkes appears on the scene, looking even more annoyed at the police tape. Glowering at Holmes for a moment, he tells the constable securing the scene that he needs to speak to whoever is in charge.
Victor was a good boy. I did not know if he had gone to Heaven, but if there were such a place, he deserved to be there. His ghost did not return.
Holmes shook his head. “He’s clearly picking people who are out of their element, socially. People who won’t dance, won’t move around, talking to different groups. People who sit in a corner, their eyes on the door, lonely in the middle of a crowd. He’s hunting in that crowd. He’s smart, knows how to spot them, and how to put them at ease, get them to leave with him.”
In the morning he set the table, wishing he’d stopped for some flowers to make it more festive. No matter, he thought; at least he’d remembered. At Sherlock’s seat, he propped his card in front of the present. Then he began to make French toast, Sherlock’s favourite.
John shrugged, suddenly all practicality. “You’ve done all the heavy lifting here. Lestrade can handle the rest. I just want to get you back home as soon as possible so I can have my way with you.” He took another sip, nonchalantly.
John sighed. “You’ve always had a great way with her,” he observed, ruefully. “I’m not so good at it.”
He kissed me again, with so much more fervor this time that words failed me. I just grabbed both his hands and put them to my lips in response.
“The body heals from trauma with time. You’re a doctor; you understand this. A rape versus being stabbed by a knife...both are forcible intrusions into the corporeal self, and the corporeal self heals from both in the same way. C
They bantered back and forth while enjoying the gentle ocean breezes and the rustle of palm trees directly overhead. A couple of Mojitos greased the conversation and befuddled the senses enough that they hardly noticed the dull
“He is stable, Sherlock. The doctor said so, and he is the top of his field. It was fortunate that he was on duty when you all arrived after the accident. He was able to perform surgery quickly to relieve the pressure on his brain.”
Mycroft turned his head and said, “I wondered when you’d show up, brother dear. You certainly took your sweet time about it.” There was no heat to the words, not even a mild rebuke.
“John, take the seat out,” Sherlock murmured as he took Rosie’s weight into his lap. John shifted the booster seat to his other side as Sherlock laid the sleepy little girl down in the corner of the bench, safe from falls. Both men touched knees under the table to create a fall barrier for her, leading to a bit of blushing on both their parts.
“You know, when I was in the army in Afghanistan, I was told that you should never worry about the bullet that had your name on it. Rather, you should worry about the one addressed ‘To Whom It May Concern’,” John said as he clicked off the safety with emphasis, turning the gun toward Whitey’s face. “Do you know how many ‘Anonymous’ bullets I have in this gun?” Whitey shook his head, never taking his eyes off the pistol’s muzzle. John may have been acting like he was calm, but it was a thin veneer. He smiled cheerfully but his eyes promised mayhem. “More than enough to obliterate that ugly face of yours. They’ll have to use DNA to identify your pathetic corpse because one of the first things I’m going to blow out is your teeth.” He demonstrated by pointing his gun at Whitey’s jaw from the side and making a “pow” sound with his lips. “Then, if that doesn’t do the trick, I’ll do the other side.” He switched the gun to the other side and repeated the performance.
All personnel complied, immediately and with obvious fear, except for one officer, who was obviously wool-gathering. Mycroft’s attention fell upon him and he raised one hand, closing it, clawlike, in mid air. All at once, the officer began to sputter and choke, grasping at his throat as it closed against his will.
“If Daddy hasn’t trashed the room again,” she said, disapprovingly. She threw her arms around his neck and they mounted the stairs noisily to alert John to their presence. Once arrived at the door, however, Sherlock was met with a stony face and a stiff, military posture, with arms that demanded his child back. Sherlock bobbed his head in acknowledgement and turned her over. The Great Stone Face then backed up through the door and slammed it in Sherlock’s face.
John self-consciously muttered, “Uh, excuse me,” as he backed quickly out of the door and slammed it shut in his own face. He just...
. They really are a rather impressive group,” he added, thoughtfully. “Perhaps I should enlist some of them...”
that,” Lestrade admitted, before turning his attention back to John. “So, what’s so great about this Sherlock?”
His first urge was to run, just not toward Baker Street. He wasn’t that sure he wanted to deal with his husband right at the moment. He was still too drunk, too angry, and had too many questions—not for Sherlock, but for himself. Besides, how could he face Sherlock when he had caused him so much anguish? He had just walked out on him a few hours ago, telling him to find someone else.  And, then, just a few minutes ago, he had wondered if Sherlock had married him just so he would have someone he could feel superior to. As if Sherlock was ever at a shortage of that. John shook his head in disgust. What kind of a sick thought was that? John Watson, you are a fucking worthless, undeserving bastard…
He shrugged. “Once you pass that gate, Sherlock, your past life means less and less to you as you begin to understand the vastness of this universe, which is made up of
With an encouraging smile, Mrs. Hudson nodded and retreated downstairs while John went into the bedroom—
John’s sober eyes gazed up into Sherlock’s. “That’s what I’m afraid of, Sherlock. What if I haven’t? What if I...you know the old saying, that if you’ve been abused as a child, you either become an abuser yourself...”
“Yes, always the germophobe. Fastidious to a fault, Mycroft,” Sherlock observed, without rancor. He stood tall and without fear. “So, what are we to do now, Brother? I am, once again, your prisoner. What is it to be this time?”
“Well, hello! How was the honeymoon?” a familiar voice assailed them from the parlor door. They both turned to behold DI Lestrade, his arms open wide in welcome. He saw the look on
Sherlock raised a sardonic eyebrow and stated, “Then it’s best to give them a moving target, don’t you think?”
“I exposed Mary as an assassin while I was internally bleeding from a gunshot wound, Mycroft,” Sherlock sassed.
“’Ello, doc? Itz Wiggins. I ‘eard from sum a’ th’ network that they seen Mistah ‘Olmes bein’ bundled inta a black cah wivout enny plates. Two big guys. One uv tha spottah’s reconnized one a‘ th’ blokes. Name’s Whitey James, a real piece a’ work, that one. Known muscle fur hire. Lives ‘round th’ area where th’ phone last pinged. We’re lookin’ fur ‘im now in th’ pubs that ‘e normally ‘angs out in.”
John shrugged. “We’re not going anywhere anytime soon anyway, Sherlock. This is an upscale restaurant. The wait is proportionate to the reputation. Besides, it’s free, so who cares?”
John felt his knees turn to jelly. He dropped his medical bag and grabbed onto the door frame. “Shit, Sherlock,
“Holy shit! I’d forgotten what that felt like, too!” John’s eyes were wide, his expression one of shocked disbelief. He held up a hand in a dismissive gesture. “Don’t…don’t worry, babe. You didn’t do anything wrong. In fact, I think you did great. Really great. Phew!” He exhaled through pursed lips, still breathing heavily. ”So, now you know where the prostate is, right?” Sherlock sighed in relief and nodded. “You can remove your fingers now. I think I’m opened enough for you.”
should let me in on these things, John. We could have been here long before now,” he said as he managed to untie one set of restraints.
The two husbands glared at each other for several seconds before John closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He dropped his head, looking down at the worn oriental rug under his feet, before rubbing the back of his neck and saying, “Look, Sherlock, I don’t want to argue with you. It’s probably just the adrenaline talking.” He looked up at Sherlock’s pale, narrowed eyes and attempted a smile. “Why don’t we just go…” and he jerked his head toward the bedroom, “let off some steam, hm?”
John turned to face Sherlock and said, in a miserable tone of voice, “Why does this shit keep happening to me?”
be Sherlock. Must be Mary. My wife. Mother of my baby girl, who was on her way to the hospital to be born .
Rosie cocked her head just like John always did and said, “You don’t like ladies very much, do you?”
pension. Had to take a series of menial jobs to make ends meet. Well known for taking his anger and frustration out on his wife and children...”
associated with trauma and degradation and torture. One associated with love and support and... ” He stared intently at John, trying to impress the concept upon him. “We all cope with pain in our own way, John. This is
. Cursing myself for an idiot, I took a deep ‘breath’ and plowed through the heavy wooden door. It was like walking through a spider web, without the stickiness.
We all stumbled backward, in a manner quite undignified, as John tumbled out and staggered into our arms. He looked around in surprise, then in joy, at seeing his old comrades again. He hugged each and every one of us unreservedly. Yes, even Mycroft. “Where is everyone else?” he asked, breathlessly.
“Well, you’re not going to be hearing it much in the near future. In fact, it’s the last thing you need.” He kissed Sherlock’s back between the shoulder blades and felt a shiver—of pleasure, he hoped. “However, I’ve been thinking that, maybe, we can start easing back into our normal sex life at some point.”
After another minute’s silence, John sat up straight in his chair. “So, why the drugs? Tit for tat? I cheat, you take drugs? A little revenge scenario?”
To cut down on communication problems during Sherlock’s convalescence, they spent most of their time in bed.
John read the words and nodded. “Yes, that area is still not functioning correctly and your brain has rerouted your speech pathways elsewhere,
He unfolded his long, pajama-clad legs, wrapped his dressing gown around his shoulders to keep out the chill from the drafty old windows of their shared flat, and padded on bare feet into the front rooms. There, he found John, sitting at the desk in the front of the living room, laptop open, perusing something with interest—so much so that he didn’t initially hear Sherlock lightly cross the floor. It wasn’t until a head, topped with dark, mussed, curly hair leaned across his shoulder that he jerked in surprise, his hand flashing out to slam the lid of his laptop shut. “
, people just smile and say, ‘that’s Sherlock, he’s always been that way.’ You’re quite the legend here.”
not funny. So, Mycroft,” he growled, “Have you and your minions of darkness found out who is responsible for this attack on Sherlock?”
Overcome with affection, Sherlock leaned over the tub and gave Rosie the biggest hug he could manage. She whispered, “I love you, Papa,” in his ear and, his heart swelled.
,” he said, cocking an eyebrow at Sherlock, who blushed appropriately. John ran his fingers down Sherlock’s face, over those magnificent cheekbones, and down to his plump lips, which he kissed once again. “You are the most
to get the location, and then I had a cabbie burn rubber to get over here. Broke several traffic laws, I’m sure, but I’m no expert. Cabbie’s
This went on for a few more minutes, while John and Sherlock lay together, listening, overcome with silent laughter.
John nodded thoughtfully. “Sounds reasonable. What do you think, Rosie? Do you want to sleep with Papa tonight?”
Very carefully, John lowered himself down upon Sherlock’s heaving chest, careful not to cause any new discomfort to his husband’s sunburnt back. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, his face stunning in repose. His panting breaths required that his tempting lips remain parted. John leaned down and kissed them tenderly, receiving a warm smile in return.
“There was an accident, John,” Sherlock said, speaking in an excited rush of relief. “You were ejected from the car, hitting your head in the process. You’re in hospital, now. They had to do a craniotomy on you. You’ve been in a coma for a week.”
“You are lucky you were sitting where you were, Sherlock,” Mycroft admonished him, sternly. “Otherwise you would have been in serious condition, too.” The voice softened. “I was...quite distraught when I received word through my agents. I...can’t imagine the world without Sherlock Holmes in it.”
“Anything else?” my friend asked, obviously fascinated by the latest turn of events. I just murmured, “Told you so.”
“Let me in,” Sherlock whispered, his eyes also closed. “Don’t be afraid of what I’ll think, because I will always, always, love you, no matter what. I don’t need you to be a better man, but if you want to try to be one, do it for yourself, not for me. We’ve both been broken, damaged by the world, but, somehow, together, we are more than what we are separately. That is our strength.”
“About time you two showed up,” I huffed as Lestrade and John dismounted from the panda car and hustled toward the corpse. “I’ve already studied the scene and formulated a hypothesis before you had even left Scotland Yard!”
“Not a clue, Agent Doyle. My husband and I are on our Sex Holiday and we agreed to come here because I remembered it rather fondly from the last time. Other than yourself, I know no one here,” Sherlock responded, with remarkable restraint.
Sherlock smiled mirthlessly. “You would know better than I, Miss Adler, as it is you whom I have to thank for my present situation and condition.”
“He’s dense, as I said. Prone to shooting off his mouth occasionally, but he knows nothing about M. That was before his time.” Mentally, Sherlock’s fingers were crossed.
I heard him get up and pace around the room, but I was floored by what I had just heard. “I love him” was
After coercing Sherlock to lie face down on the towel (as his back was still paining him), John then proceeded to pound away at the heroic Sherlock, who accepted his punishment without
“When I showed up at the Savoy, after racing halfway across town with an insane cabbie, I went up to the penthouse suite via the freight elevator and basically kicked the door in. When I heard Sherlock’s voice, I kicked in the bedroom doors. Thank God NSY is going to pay for the damage I caused as part of their investigation budget. Anyway, I found Irene beating Sherlock with her riding crop about as hard as she could swing it, so I told her to get away from him. I guess I underestimated her because she was acting all seductive and everything and then she hit me across the face with the bloody crop and nearly took out my eyes. Then, while I was rolling on the floor in pain, she grabbed my gun, pistol-whipped me in the head, and ran out of the room. While I was trying to tend to Sherlock while blinded, I heard shots downstairs. Turns out Irene was confronted by some members of the Special Forces team and was crazy enough to point my pistol at them. They basically blew several good-sized holes in her. Not that I’m sorry.” He shrugged. “Gun didn’t have any ammo in it anyway,” he smirked.
tell you how to capture M. It is only the hope of survival that makes threats useful. Otherwise, you could torture me until I die and I would
John suddenly charged forward, fist raised, ready to strike the taller man. Sherlock ducked back but did not retreat, determined not to show any fear in the face of his husband’s rage. John stopped himself before striking, but
“My God, I love you, you incredible berk,” John laughed, kissing his lover again and again. “You are always so full of surprise! Now, drink your tea and get ready. We have a lot to do today.” He winked. “And maybe, later on, we’ll do some shopping…”
“By not trying to kill them all the time for minor infractions,” Sherlock retorted as he screwed up his face in question. “Why do you wear that ridiculous getup, anyway, Mycroft? You have no health problems that I have discerned. Although,” he added, with just a hint of admiration, “I
John slipped his arms around his dearest friend-cum-lover and stated, emphatically, “You are an embarrassment of riches, my love. You are a diamond mine that I could
There was the smallest quirk of a smile on Sherlock’s lips as he stated, “Strange, I was thinking the same thing myself, every time I texted.”
Sherlock didn’t even bother to turn around. He caught Rosie’s expression as she pursed her lips in annoyance at her father.
Once more or less alone, John exploded. “Why didn’t you tell me what was going on, Sherlock!? You made a vow…”
Turning away from the file, John sat on the edge of the table and said, in all earnestness, “I don’t really care for the publicity. You saw what happened to Sherlock when it became known that he was a brilliant detective. Enemies came out of the woodwork along with the fans and I’m not sure which one was worse, frankly. No, I was happy for Sherlock to get the recognition he deserved, but I’m not interested in it for myself. Just quietly pay me and we’ll continue our association on the down-low, okay?”
Another detective, balding but well-turned out, walked over to his boss and said, “I’ve had the boys taking testimony from everyone in the area, but it’s going to take a while. Busy corner, this one. Turns out, there were two cars, one driven by a man and the other by a woman, both of which ran the victim over, one after the other. Didn’t even stop to check on him.”
no response. A little harder shake followed, accompanied by his name in a neutral tone. Still nada. Finally, John had just had enough. A hard slap to the lump’s apparent backside elicited a howl of protest and a sudden flurry of movement. John’s war-hardened reflexes allowed him to deflect the back-handed swing aimed at his head as Sherlock surfaced like a submarine performing an emergency blow. John grabbed his arm and held it, then grabbed his
Sherlock preened a little, which was exactly what John had been after. Anything to make himself look better for John…
take them to task for it. You internalize it, use it as yet another way of pummeling yourself into depression, self-loathing, and drugs.” Mycroft ticked his tongue in disapproval. “Well, at least you found someone who accepts you as you are.”
“John?” A jostle at his elbow. “John! Are you woolgathering during an investigation?” John jolted back to the present to find Sherlock’s sharp quicksilver eyes peering into his own, concern and annoyance battling for dominance on his chiseled face.
John jerked his head toward the chair by the desk.  “That chair still needs to be taken to task for its irreverence…”
...it’s not going to be so easy, Sherlock. They can’t see us or hear us. We can’t interact with them like we used to. They can only detect us by the most
“What did you think of the lady your daddy took out tonight? She was very pretty, don’t you think?” he asked, casually.
“Come here, love,” John motioned from his supine position in the center of the bed. Sherlock started to remove the rest of his outfit but John stated, firmly, “No. Keep them on.” When Sherlock gave him a challenging look, he added, “Please.”
John pursed his lips and nodded. He was a physician and could, therefore, recognize a situational depression when he saw one, but
because your sister was born 7 months later; NOT a premature birth, I can assure you, according to medical records. Stayed with him entirely
“Indeed not!” said the young lady. “I adore poetry.” She then turned to Watson. “Do you like Mr Wordsworth? I think his Grecian urn poem is quite romantic!”
“When I woke in the hospital, you were there, but I was really doped up. I was in and out for a long time, and when I had moments of consciousness, I thought about what it was I wanted to say. About the third time I surfaced, I realised that the words by themselves meant very little. When you know you’re dying, there’s no time, and saying it is all you can do. But I didn’t die, and it seemed wrong to just lay it out there. A dying man doesn’t have time for imagination, but I had survived. I had time and wanted to do it right.
“He’s a good policeman, and has potential to be the best, but he’s not very skeptical. If he now looks at every case as the perfect murder, he will be more attentive and less inclined to accept easy answers.”
Then he’ll return to London, put the manuscript in his bank box, buy new clothes, and plan his trip. He’ll book passage on a ship and see all the places Watson once sailed to. He’ll stay in foreign cities, learn new languages, make new friends. He’ll write letters to Molly’s grandchildren. He’ll learn to scuba dive. There are mountains he could climb. Watson always talked about that.
That was the childhood John remembers, a broken home in a dirty neighbourhood, a sullen drunk for a father, and a sister who was already looking for a way out of the mess.
“True, but class, or money for that matter— neither of these was never the real social divider at any of the schools I attended. It wouldn’t have mattered if my father was a duke. People associate with similar people, spend their time classifying other people into categories they can despise. I was odd, in a different way from you, and oddness, even subtle eccentricity, puts you outside the group, makes you a target for power-hungry adolescents. It’s fear, I suppose, that drives it. They make themselves look better by making others look worse. They don’t want to be tainted with oddity, so they attack it.”
“Because that’s where they put the dead people.” Emma smiled. Not a friendly, child-like smile, but one that dared me to ask for the story.
I could hear bobbies’ whistles tweeting, voices shouting. If I turned now, I would see every light in the house blazing, general chaos as the scene was discovered. The distance between me and the wrought-iron fence was less now. Escape was within reach.
He turned to reply, but then seemed to catch sight of something and frowned. “Someone is coming, in a hurry.”
Sitting with his laptop, he begins jotting down questions about their fake project, still feeling distracted by what happened with Wilkes. Holmes is clearly keyed up about it. When Watson saw who it was they’d be dealing with, he expected Holmes to greet Wilkes like an old friend. Instead, it was clear that Holmes doesn’t like the man, and Wilkes has little respect for him.
The party is what he recalls first, a jumble of images both horrifying and hysterically funny. Then Holmes, walking home with him, loudly insulting his flat, lying down on the floor and refusing to leave.
“Always. It’s human nature, Watson. Adolescents are insecure and quite insane. Engaging in dangerous or disgusting acts is a form of masculine bonding; those who refuse to engage are silenced, one way or another, lest they tattle on the participants.”
Resisting the urge to run and enfold him in my arms, I waited nervously. He would not be expecting me; Mycroft had not written to him about my return. As far as he knew, I was still dead. In his letter, he’d said he was angry with me. What would his reaction be when he found out I had lied to him?
Ella encourages him to write. Nothing happens to him, so he hasn’t written anything so far. He played around with the blogging platform a bit, made a trial post and couldn’t figure out how to delete it. The trial post says
"Holmes.” Someone was standing in the shadow of the building, a hoodie only partly obscuring his face.
“Yeah.” The voice that says this doesn’t sound like mine. It sounds like a person who is lost. A person who can’t cry, can’t even say his best friend’s name.
He hasn’t left yet. But it won’t be long. He ran out of the flat like a horde of demons was on his tail. He’ll be back to get his clothes, his personal items and books. And then he won’t come back.
“I knew that I’d wounded you. It surprised me that you still resented me. Hated me. I wanted to understand. That’s why I was stalking you, initially. Then the case happened, and you were right in the middle of it.”
“We’re taking a well-deserved holiday,” Sherlock said. “I’m sure we’ll both have some offers by then.”
“Of course, Mr Holmes. Your brother was paying the rent, though I never understood why, since Doctor Watson said he did not expect to return to England, and you… well, you were dead. But I’m not one to let the dust gather. I reckoned it may as well be tidy, since your brother was footing the bill.” She set down the tray and poured a cup for me.
“That was sweet, I think,” John says to Sherlock. “A bit ominous, but I think he meant it optimistically.”
“I’d like that.” He would, he thinks. “When you came out, I was angry with you.” It’s a non-sequitur, but he has to say it. “Sorry. It’s just… something I’ve been thinking about. I don’t blame you. It was a lot to deal with, for both of us.”
He apologised, and I was embarrassed for a while. But when I’d gotten past that, I was glad. He was more comfortable around me. I’m not sure if he would have asked for my help if we hadn’t reached that point with each other.” She pats John’s hand. “I told you, he loves you. So what makes you think he hasn’t deduced how you feel?”
“That end being a child,” I said, “which will result from a pregnancy, which will require me to do things that I have sworn never to do with a woman. How is it that you are not expected to do this as well?”
Sherlock’s eyes move over him, taking in every little detail. “Please,” he says, gesturing to the chair opposite his own. He’s poised for a moment, as if he intends to pull John’s chair out and help him get seated, and John feels his face heat, feeling more than ever like a pitiful old man. Once it’s clear that John doesn’t need help, Sherlock takes his seat.
“He might be more emotional, even aggressive. He might cry, make inappropriate responses to things you say. He might say things that are uncharacteristic, even embarrassing. Disinhibition, increased sexual behaviour—”
Food is his first priority, easily digested calories. Molly watches as he consumes nine chocolate bars, her stash against PMS or whatever drives women to crave chocolate. He sometimes wonders why he has never met an immortal woman; female bodies seem more resilient than males in many ways, being designed for childbirth as they are.
I nodded. “The Greeks understood this passion,” he said. “A young man, hungry for wisdom, needs an older man, mentoring him.”
I saw him reach inside his coat and knew that he had brought his revolver. Putting my hand on his, I said, “Wait. We will see.”
“Am I speaking to Rosamund’s father?” a voice asked. I could hear that she dyed her hair chestnut brown and wore half-glasses on a chain around her neck. She was wearing lavender because people had always noticed how it brought out the green in her eyes. She had two married daughters and a son who had turned out to be quite a disappointment.
I hate to see her like this. Standing from my chair, I cross to her, lean down and kiss her on the cheek.
Miss Garvey was younger and pretty, although quite freckled, with a manner that was both encouraging and a bit playful. She seemed to like me. I feared that she would not stand up to her charges, though, and if she did, that she would be let go.
Sighing, Watson walked towards me. When I’d finished unbuttoning the waistcoat, he laid it on the chair with the jacket. “Holmes—” He began unbuttoning my shirt.
“I thought—” Watson frowned and chewed his lip. “I thought this was just a game, Holmes. A ruse to placate your mother.”
“He hadn’t touched you yet,” Holmes says. “The others were partially disrobed. Obviously thought they were going to have sex. Trousers down, genitals exposed— what was left of them, anyway.”
In the scene that followed, Alex would make his first entrance, surprising Mr Smith at the school. He and Greg had acted together for years and had a comfortable chemistry, so he wasn’t worried.
Anderson nodded. “One of the runners. I can’t tell you his name because he’s got a job he doesn’t want to lose, but we went to school together. I believe him. He said that Magnussen has a thing for young boys, and he was always meeting with John in his office, alone, door closed,
When we arrived back at our rooms, Mrs Hudson met us with a card. I snorted and tossed it to the floor.
Instead of seeing Sherlock’s bed strewn with discarded clothing, I see an airport. I don’t stop to think how weird this is; I just step over the threshold.
And Sherlock was sixteen, too. He admits that he’s made bad choices. That’s what it means to be sixteen, driven by hormones and anger and fear.
Some of the ashes sink, some fly into the air, and the rest float there, surrounding Holmes as he watches. Once they’ve dispersed into the water, he walks back to the shore and sits.
Once my hands were taken care of and a cup of tea placed in them, I sat with my eyes closed, trying to compose myself.
“Mr Holmes has suggested that I become a surgeon. As I am his partner, it would make sense for me to study in a variety of fields, including the treatment of wounds.”
“You’ve become sentimental,” Mycroft says. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you. As far as I can see, he has never returned that particular sentiment.”
In her gentle, prodding way, she’s now going to inch him towards realising that his reluctance to live with another person is a symptom of something greater, the impenetrable shell he’s built around himself. And that is just the issue she’d love to get her professional hands on. She’s dying to pull on her therapy boots and trek through the muddy field of his failed relationships. His father, his mother, his sister, schoolmates, every woman he’s ever dated.
As I have said, I had little hope that Watson would write to my brother. If he had succeeded in his diamond mine venture, he would have stayed and expanded his investment. If he had failed, he would be too embarrassed to write Mycroft and ask for help. He is a proud man, reluctant to ask for help when he can offer nothing in return. I am sure he expected Mycroft to ignore any request he made.
“Ah, Watson! I hope you slept well.” Politeness has replaced his usual snark, which tells Watson that he’s putting on an act for this person, trying to prove something.
Smiling, John moved a few steps closer, stopping just out of reach, his arms folded across his chest. “Get over here, you.”
The casket is closed, as Molly wished. Even though she took care of dead bodies for years, she confessed to him that she has never liked funerals, seeing a person she once knew all fixed up like that, to look asleep. It just felt wrong, she said. A body is a record of Life, and though Death is not beautiful, what is true is not always lovely to look at. Death is true.
As his head began to clear, he realized that the scent still clinging to his nostrils was chloroform, a very old but reliable method for knocking out one’s victim and rendering him pliable. Much less high-class than, say, Magnussen (who was dead, thank God, and whose execution at
John, curled up into a fetal position, enshrouded in my comforter. He was making little noises, almost like a crying puppy. His face was still damp with tears, his complexion mottled from crying. My entire being felt like it was being squeezed under pressure . I reached down to touch his shoulder but, as expected, my hand went right through him. I pulled back and watched, wishing to God I could do
“In here!” he shouted back, shocked that he still had any semblance of a voice left. That earned him another slap across the face and an unknown number of blows to the body with the riding crop. “Shut up!” she screamed at him just as the door to the bedroom she occupied was kicked in with one blow. His heart soared when he heard John—
“She’s not smart. That’s not good,” Rosie opined as she cupped her hands and tried to pour water over her head. Sherlock picked up a soft cup and helped her rinse her wavy hair clean. “Papa! I can do it myself!” she chided.
This time, John managed to swallow before he laughed. “You told me you wanted to try it. The blame is on
“Are you OK? Did I do it wrong?” Sherlock asked, fingers frozen in place, deathly afraid he’d just hurt or injured John.
“Really, Sherlock,” Mycroft sighed. “You need to be able to manage your emotional attachments better than that. Have I taught you nothing?”
John his eyes opened and he nodded, his gaze distant. “Yep. She, at the very least, suspected, but she did nothing. She was as scared of him as I was.”
Muffled laughter. “What, you don’t think I should continue to exercise more control over my life? Isn’t that what the shrink said?”
There were heavy gold chains around his neck, a pair of gem-encrusted earrings hanging from his ear lobes, and a multitude of clanging gold-and-silver bracelets on his wrists. He wore a softly-draped shirt with full sleeves and a neckline cut down to his belt, showing his sparse chest hair and the single bullet scar near his heart. Over his hips was a wrap of purple-and-gold fabric, sporting gold coins and fringe that flashed and danced when he moved. The purple-and-gold print harem-style pants, again with gold trim, sat low on his hips and sported slits down the sides, reflecting the slits in the full sleeves of his top. Chiming anklets and an embroidered and gold- embellished short vest completed the picture. He looked...
The smile faded as the adrenaline wore off and he began to think more clearly. He had just beaten a man to a pulp and enjoyed it. Enjoyed it. There was a violence inside of him that scared him, that made him afraid for Sherlock. Just imagine if that had been Sherlock. Instead of bumping him aside, I might have attacked him, injured him, and I would have enjoyed it. He shook his head. I’m a monster inside a very small, angry man. He deserves better than that...better than me.
They went. But not until after John had cleaned and bandaged the cut on Sherlock’s face and checked him out for a concussion. Sherlock glowered but didn’t protest. He was in too big a hurry to go find Rosie.
John set one knee on the side of the bed closest to the door and laid both cups down on the bedside table. He tentatively reached out one hand and laid it on what he
John froze, then slouched back in his chair, rebuked. Sherlock slowly turned back to the fire, his face an impassive mask once again. “You still have your wallet, I see. That means you didn’t return to the pub to finish your liaison.”
reason. He used every trick he knew as a soldier to subdue his foe, but, in the end, he was too beaten, too physically compromised, to overcome a man fresh from rest and nourishment. Sergei threw him over and straddled him on his knees, one hand around his throat. “I will
“He also beat my mother, did you know that?” Sherlock shook his head, No. “That’s why she was so afraid of him. He busted up her face and clavicle one time and got a tap on the wrist for it. Nobody talked about domestic abuse back then. It was assumed that the woman or child had done something to deserve their punishment, so no one listened to the victims.”
Darth Mycroft turned his helmeted-and-masked face toward Sherlock as well. “Ah, he escaped again. Why do I even bother anymore?”
Off they went, having retrieved their own towels, and returned to their scenic hotel room. Once there, John took a shower to remove the blood from his body and swimsuit. He was later joined by Sherlock, who made sure they wasted plenty of water in the pursuit of the perfect orgasm. Once dry again, they sent out for dinner, with the plan of spending another night in the room before venturing out to the ‘tourist traps’, as Sherlock viewed them, of the area around them.
Sherlock experimentally rolled onto his back and stated, with relief, “Much better, thank you. Why, do you want to..?”
Finally, the sound of something falling on the bed, accompanied by heavy breathing and a few scattered obscenities.
!” John yelled. Ella couldn’t help but notice the way he was sitting—arms and legs crossed like a pretzel, every muscle tight with anguish.
were. Agent Doyle finally intervened and ordered them to place Sherlock on a stretcher and to take him to the nearest hospital for evaluation, stating he was a state’s witness and, therefore, of great value to the case. Sherlock glowered at the agent, who smiled and waggled his fingers in farewell as the paramedics carted Sherlock away. John looked over his shoulder as he mounted the ambulance step and gave Agent Doyle a grin and a thumbs-up as he disappeared inside.
John turned to me and said, in a choked voice, “God, am I ever glad to see you again, Sherlock. You don’t know how much I’ve missed you. God, you’re beautiful!”
Sherlock smirked. “My shirt argues otherwise.” He gave her another squirt before releasing his weapon into the suds. “Now, why are you so peeved this evening, Ros...”
John came first, as Sherlock’s insertions had provided steady friction to his swollen, beleagered prostate. Thick ropes of cum shot out of his huge cock, decorating his chest in abstract forms as he cried out in pleasure. The orgasmic spasms of his anus milked Sherlock’s erection as he kept shoving it into John until he, too, erupted, the muscles of his gangly form clenching and unclenching in sequence as his emissions were wrung from him and deposited deep inside his lover. They clung to each other in wordless, gutteral ecstasy until the spasms passed and their erections faded, at which point they collapsed into a nerveless heap of drowsy bliss.
Just before my eyelid slid shut, I saw something I would cherish for the rest of my life. Sherlock’s face transformed into the softest, most relieved, most overwhelmed expression I have ever beheld. His eyes suddenly filled with tears that slipped down those impressive cheekbones unbidden, and those full lips trembled. Just as my eye closed, I caught sight of that gorgeous face approaching mine, and felt those plush lips against my own. They felt...
The air had gotten considerably cooler than it had been earlier that evening. John looked around him, turning in desperate circles, trying to get his bearings. Everything looked both familiar and unfamiliar at once, thanks to his inebriated state of mind. He set off at a determined pace in what
It was the only way I would have tolerated such a passage, under the circumstances. I had rejected the notion of dying slowly, in constant, unremitting pain, unable to use my much-treasured mental faculties because of the befuddlement brought on by pain medications and the pain they battled. To wait until the end, when my dear friend would have to take care of me or, worse, assign me to hospice for care as the tumor usurped my brain functions and relegated me to the vegetable patch—no, I could
John nodded as he sat down on the edge of the bed next to Sherlock’s hips and proceeded to explain the events of the past few days. Sherlock said nothing, in and of itself a bad sign. Mr. Punchline was silent as the grave for the duration of John’s speech.
What would he have done if he had taken Della up on her obvious offer? Done it in the loo? Gone back to her place? Fucked in an alley? His shiver had nothing to do with the cold. He was repelled by what he had almost done. That was something Three-Continents Watson would have done, but he’s long gone, isn’t he? In his place is Dr. John H. Watson, husband and blogger of Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective. He far preferred that life, even if he didn’t feel as though he deserved it. Not good enough, not perfect, not worthy...
John nodded. “True. But a good doctor has to be able to look deeper. I didn’t.” His face relaxed as he asked, “Is any of what she said true, Sherlock?”
A chuckle escaped Sherlock’s lips. Rosie glared at him. “It’s not funny! If you’re worried about Daddy, then maybe I should be, too!” Her pout began to waver as her eyes became moist.
Sherlock’s eyes widened as he considered John’s offer, a quirk of the lips indicating that he was not, in the least, offended.
happen? You were enthusiastic enough about it the other night when Mrs. Hudson was hitting her kitchen ceiling with a broomstick to get you to quiet down!”
Agent Doyle shifted in his chair. “Well, it seems that someone has reconstructed the ring that fell apart after his imprisonment. Took a few years, but now they are rivalling any of the Mexican Cartels for volume of drugs transported and dispersed. A lot of them are going to the British Isles, Ireland, and Wales, so our kingpins might be natives. Mr. Holmes…?”
, John thought as he lugged several bags worth of groceries up a flight of stairs and into the kitchen proper. No point asking Sherlock for help—he always deemed John the “muscle” of their team, so he rarely engaged in any physical tasks around the flat while John was in residence.
John shook his head, pursing his lips. “No. Not yet. You’re still too jumpy, love. I’d rather err on the side of caution than cause a set-back because, you know what? You
That had been last night, when Sherlock had largely deferred to John’s superior sexual experience. This afternoon, Sherlock had thrust himself into the center of things, pun unintended, leaving John with a strange limp and a determination to subdue the beast, whatever the cost, before it fucked him into the hospital.
The lights were warm and welcoming in the second-story windows. John stopped across the street and watched. No one moved against the sheer curtains, and there was no sound of a violin playing. John shrugged and walked across the narrow street, pausing only to slip his key into the lock and open the outer door. Once inside, John could smell Mrs. Hudson’s apple cobbler. He knew Mrs. Hudson baked whenever she was upset. He sighed. That was another battle for another day.
John turned back to Rosie. “Well, love, Kaitlyn and I went to a nice seafood restaurant, where the nice lady proceeded to purchase the most expensive item on the menu, only to complain it wasn’t what she expected after eating half of it and sending the rest back. Then she drank a whole lot of wine and became very silly and hard to talk to.
the long body, fetally curled up and wrapped in a blue silk dressing gown, face toward the wall; silent, unmoving, unresponsive. John’s mouth twitched.
As he turned to look fuzzily at her, she leaned in and planted her coral-tinted lips against his. It was a surprise but a not-altogether-
Doyle looked at Sherlock, then at John, who was still grinning at him, then back at Sherlock with growing disbelief. “I think the
Moriarty came immediately to mind. I asked, “So where do the criminals and wrongdoers go when they die?”
“Sod off, you useless wankers” I growled at them. I felt surprisingly naked. Being inside a body again, even if it wasn’t my own, had been strangely comfortable. And warm.
try your very best to convert me as a child, as I recall. Quite useless, you know.” He stopped and stared into the reflective lenses of Mycroft’s mask. “Would you mind terribly removing that ridiculous thing? It’s rather like talking to one of your tiresome Stormtroopers; all firepower, no brain.” And, he added, “And some of the worst marksmanship I’ve seen in
John threw his hands up into the air. “Oh, brilliant! First class! How long did you have to go to uni to figure
my brother if he were unable to berate the police at a crime scene or to sass me back whenever the mood strikes him.”
“Easy for you to do. You’re the biggest fucking child I know,” John shot back angrily, stinging Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes sought out John’s and the two of them stared at each other, then at Rosie, in disbelief.
Mycroft visited occasionally, more often than he used to. My ire at my brother seemed to mellow over time, so I never did anything to irritate him. One day, while he was there, I “dropped” a box with a label that said “Mycroft” into my chair. Mycroft picked it up and looked askance at John, who swore on his life he’d never seen it before.  When Mycroft opened it, a ceramic heart paperweight, with the word “Brother”, fell out into his hand.
Sherlock observed, somewhat unnecessarily. At John’s pointed look, he sighed melodramatically and started tapping on his phone keyboard before holding it up in front of John’s face.
” he whispered as his fingers wandered from Sherlock’s bollocks to the puckered violet skin of his anus and began lightly stroking and circling it. Sherlock inhaled sharply and tightened up without volition.
“Why do you think I never acquired any diseases during my time on the streets? The chemist in me is too careful.” Sherlock responded, still not directly engaging his husband.
John waved a hand in dismissal. “Scotland Yard approached the case from a new angle and discovered relevant evidence.”
“No! No! ‘elp! Somebody…” Whitey yelled before he was knocked over the head yet again with the pipe. He whimpered like a beaten puppy but had stopped yelling for assistance. The next time he looked up at John, the Sig was ready to have a serious conversation with him.
“Yeah, yeah, I do, but, right now, I want to be face-to-face. Can you handle that? How’s your back?”
John pulled his head back and looked down into Sherlock’s eyes as they opened. “You’ve always known, haven’t you? The Great Detective has always known who I really am.”
player in our little game. I learned last time, to my distress, that you were able to play me and escape, possibly with help? I don’t know, but my employers made me
“Sherlock,” John said, and Sherlock’s head turned back to face his best friend in all the world. “Shut up and kiss me.”
That was it. I couldn’t stand this shit-show any longer. Had I been alive, I would have verbally reamed this lot a new one but, as things currently stood, there was only one thing I could do…
it, now?” He looked back at Sherlock, his expression heated. “Trying to take my daughter’s affections away from me now, Sherlock? Replacing me?”
“So, uh, no case, but you’re dressed up like...” John was at a loss. His eyes couldn’t stop moving, taking it all in. Sherlock, his flatmate and lover, standing there in their bedroom, wearing a loosely-wrapped turban embroidered in purple and gold over his dark curls, some of which were still peeking out from under the fabric.
“Yes, I did,” John admitted, unabashedly. “Do you mind? I mean, I know you don’t understand endearments...”
Sherlock’s eyes unfocused for a few moments as he considered this explanation. “Donc, mon centre moteur du langage
When the tea arrived, Lestrade placed it into John’s cupped hands and tilted it up to his mouth. The bitter taste seemed to bring him around somewhat. His eyes focused on Lestrade, finally, his face screwed up in confusion.
Sherlock chuckled mirthlessly. “I don’t indulge in that sort of pettiness, John. No, I take drugs to dull the pain, to put reality at a comfortable distance. In my case, it would have been used as anesthesia. You see, John, I am an imperfect man. You use sex to cope with your pain, while I resort to chemical means.”
“Figures, he always liked to use my laptop instead of his own. No sense of boundaries,” John groused as he sat down at the desk. I flicked him in the back of the head with my fingers and he cursed. “Stop that!”
Sherlock backed up a step, eyeing John speculatively. “You had said that you’d been abused by your father. You never elaborated. You gave me no data to pull from. I can’t read your mind, John. I’m a scientist, not a psychic,” he said, calmly enough, even though he could feel his guts roiling.
John didn’t need any further encouragement. He drove his oversized member deeply into his husband, his pubic bone butting up against Sherlock’s arse. The feeling of being fully ensheathed inside his lover was
“I think we’re getting there,” John agreed as he walked two mugs of tea out to the living room and handed one to his friend. He reclaimed his own seat, took a sip of tea, and made a face. “I think the milk’s going bad. I’ll have to go buy some more. Want to come?”
I looked away before answering. “I was helping you, John. I could not have foreseen that you would be so affected...”
John’s shoulders drooped and he released Mycroft’s lapels. His head dropped, along with his eyes, in defeat.
Now that they were both thoroughly sated, they agreed to follow through on John’s plan; to soak Sherlock’s sunburnt parts in the pool to remove the heat from them. Sherlock managed to wriggle into his form-fitting boxer Speedo, despite the pain and John’s offer of a pair of loose trunks. John didn’t complain, though. The view was fantastic.
Just watching him sleep, knowing he would awaken at some point to a new wave of anguish, filled me with an anger I hadn’t felt on the “other side”. Lower vibrations, Uncle Rudy had said. Negative emotions must be lower vibration and, therefore, incompatable with the spiritual realm but perfectly at home on Earth. While here, I would be subject to the restrictions of this dimension, including negative emotions.
“I paid the bill and left without her. I’m sure she could get a cab home. Or maybe one of the men at the bar she was flirting with could help out, I don’t know and I don’t care!” John was a bit red in the face by this time. Rosie snuggled up to him and he hugged her tight. “I guess the only women in my life that I can rely on are you and Mrs. Hudson, eh, Rosie?”
He spoke with such earnestness that John instantly relented. Just as he opened his mouth to say something, Sherlock’s phone went off. He thumbed it open. “Sherlock.”
Sherlock nodded and did as he was told. As he felt the crown of John’s cock breach his body, he bore down and was rewarded with the slick, conical head of John’s cock sliding effortlessly into his entrance. As soon as it was in, his ring of muscle snapped shut behind it, trapping it inside his body.
Mrs. Hudson ambled out of her kitchen, drying a pot with a dishtowel. “Oh, John, dear, you know how Sherlock can be sometimes. So forgetful!”
A breath caught in Sherlock’s throat. He wasn’t really ready for that question. “Well, your daddy hasn’t said that he would like you to call me that. After all, I’m not your real Papa...”
“I mean, what if I haven’t escaped it, Sherlock?” John continued, his tone pleading. “What if I’m every bit the abuser my father was?”
By feel alone, he tilted John’s not-unimpressive cock down so he could sit on it, the turgid staff lying between his bollocks and arse cheeks, allowing him to rock up and down on its entire, impressive length.
I blinked, digesting this new information. “So, you stop caring for the people you left behind, in other words,” I said, feeling a certain degree of anger that he could leave all of us behind with so little concern. That, and the fact that he looked somewhat like a young, fit Mycroft, set me off a bit.
John Watson smiled. It was a very dry, unpleasant smile that promised pain and mayhem and, perhaps,  even a touch of personal injury. “Oi, boyo, you may want to think this over and just take your leave before anything gets out of hand, yeah?”
?” Mycroft ground out, his expression one of barely-suppressed rage. John blinked. He hadn’t expected
time she may actually mean it. So, while she ponders your fate, I will have to incarcerate you in the brig downstairs.” He leaned in, conspiratorially. “You do understand, that this is the way it must be, don’t you, Sherlock? If you would only turn, like a good sport...”
“Did you know, brother mine, that Magnussen came to my hospital room after Mary shot me?” Sherlock remarked, casually.
“Naughty, naughty, Sherlock. Don’t you know you’re not supposed to talk back? I guess I’ll have to punish you some more.” He heard her strut down the length of his body until she reached what he estimated to be his groin area. “Oh, look—another playground for me, and it looks so forlorn, so forgotten.” He felt her riding crop touch the head of his cock, rubbing it gently but firmly with the leather paddle at the end. He could feel it began to respond slightly.
John was blushing at this line of inquiry. “Well, he’s, uh, he’s usually kinda…he’s sort of…I guess you could say I’m the one driving it, usually. You know, especially if it’s, ah…you know.” He circled the fingers of one hand and poked a finger of the other through it in demonstration.
going to let him out of my life without a struggle, and if that meant having to accept Mary into mine, then I would do it. If that meant making room for his baby, I would do that, too.”
There was a sensation in Sherlock’s heart, a sweet sadness at hearing that. He had liked Mary, despite her shortcomings. Her death had affected him, too, and to hear her daughter rejecting the name she had given her…
Sunday mornings were always a great time to sleep in. No alarm clocks, no need to go to surgery, and Lestrade usually made a point of holding cases for them until Monday, if they weren’t urgent. It was deeply overcast outside, so there were no smart-arsed sunbeams interrupting their slumber. The comforter was warm and deep, the pillows inviting, whispering a seductive song into their receptive ears. Yes, it was a good day to drowse…
Without moving, he held up one hand. Between two fingers lay a small vial, identical to the one John had thrown into the fireplace. “As you can see, I can always make more. Do you think I bother to work in small quantities when faced with pain of this magnitude, John?” He closed his hand and, when he extended his fingers again, another vial had appeared between the next two fingers, identical to the first. “It’s really quite simple to create these little doses of comfort, you see.” Once again, he closed his hand and, when he opened it again, there were three vials, one held in each space between his fingers.
“She said that you need to re-establish a sense of control again over your life, that Irene stripped that from you with her attack. She wanted you to feel has helpless as she had felt.”
to reach out, to pull Sherlock to him, to possess him in every way possible, but he knew the rules common to all establishments;
The rest of the evening was spent in a lively discussion, of sorts. After a gin-and-tonic or two out on the balcony, John made a statement to the effect that he could hump a hole into the mattress right then. Sherlock, righteous man that he was, noted that the mattress had done nothing to merit such abuse and was, in fact, a very young mattress with a lifetime of good works ahead of it. This irritated John, who asked since when Sherlock had taken to the defense of mattresses and asked if he would be willing to put his money where his mouth was, in essence. Sherlock stated, in return, that it was always his pleasure to do so, but, as they were talking about mattresses, not fellatio, they should stick to the matter at hand.
Warm silver eyes sharpened as he considered his answer. “Those are not tears, Rosie. They’re water. You just splashed me, remember?” he replied, softly and with a trace of a smile.
Lestrade was overjoyed with the news that John was going to continue solving cases with Scotland Yard, just as we had prior to my untimely demise. He was even more overjoyed to find that John’s entire mien had changed, from a near-suicidal mourner to a bright-eyed, brimming-with-enthusiasm man about to take on a new venture, alone. He congratulated John on his decision with a slap on the back.
, as if trying to hide itself in shame. John himself didn’t move, muscles locked in place as he stared down at Sherlock, not knowing how to proceed.
The following years were good ones. John became quite proficient in my techniques, with a little indirect help from his “guardian angel”, as he came to call me. He always tried to be low-key about his investigations but, soon, the word got out that the associate of Sherlock Holmes was, himself, a prodigious talent in the field of detection. Scotland Yard consulted him frequently, and his private investigative practice was pulling in customers in droves. He was able to sell off his medical practice and concentrate on helping those who were hopeless and afraid. He found the work quite rewarding.
“No fewer than I have, I can assure you,” Sherlock replied as he opened the room door and beheld a hall full of uniforms. One in particular pushed his way in. “I was eating downstairs when I heard about a possible incident in
“I know, love, I know. So would I,” John replied, softly, as he lifted a hand to stroke Sherlock’s cheek. “She knew it was our Sex Holiday,” Sherlock smiled at the reference, “and, I’m willing to wager, she didn’t want us to spend our time running around after criminals and getting into trouble.” John rose up on his toes and kissed Sherlock on the nose, eliciting a broader smile.
“I don’t think I appreciate that description,” John griped. “Though, I must say, they had Sherlock described to a T.”
Sherlock looked coyly at John through his thick, sooty lashes as he explained, “Well, I knew that, ever since we met, I’ve been feeling things for you that I’ve never felt for anyone else, so I started doing research into those areas in which I was lacking data. One of them was, well, what got you sexually aroused, so I would look at the browsing history on your laptop when you were gone and follow the links to see what you liked.”
Without even opening his eyes, Sherlock mumbled, “Yep, no problem, g’day, L’strade” before thumbing off his phone.
“As well as can be expected, I suppose, considering I find myself in a hospital bed with bandages around my head and no idea how I got here.”
, who treats me like the babysitter who came with the building!” Sherlock’s neck veins were popping out. “Do you know how galling it is to watch
John, his face flushed with battle, said, excitedly, “Back on Tattooqueen, I found a message on my droid 22-1B from Sherlock. He needs help fighting the empire! And, besides that, he’s...” He blushed just a bit. “He’s drop-dead
I didn’t mean to, I swear it. I was waiting for John to make the first move, but he seemed as clueless as the rest. I’m sure the ensuing scene was later likened to a remake of the Exorcist by some of the officers and technicians in attendance.
Well aware that John was still grieving the loss of his wife, whatever the circumstances, Sherlock provided whatever support he could with child-rearing and bringing in more income. He accepted cases he would have turned down years ago, accepting pretty much anything that paid. He had learned to keep his mouth shut and his opinions of the merits of the case to himself, all for the good of his two flatmates. It was galling, sometimes, but he would do
time, though, he welcomed it, as it represented warmth and safety. He felt his knees give out just before a pair of well-suited arms caught him and helped him to a sitting position on the dirt floor. His vision swam but he recognized the solicitous voice that accompanied the arms.
John shook his head, wrinkling his nose in disdain. “Nope. I’m glad she’s dead. She deserved it after what she did to Sherlock. I mean, she seriously lost it somewhere!”
“Oh, God,” Sherlock breathed, with a sort of reverence. His eyes were closed, head tilted slightly back as he took in this new sensation. “It’s so…
“He’s here!” John Watson exclaimed, as the crew of the Millenium London invaded the brig, wearing their pilfered Storm Trooper armor. “Look, he’s in a cell down this corridor!”
“Always. You and your daddy are my primary concerns,” he affirmed as he squirted shampoo into one long-fingered hand and slathered it into her light-gold hair. She squealed in mock-indignation. “I’ll do it!” she squeaked as she pushed his hands away. “I’m a big girl!”
