Next was floor #33, which was Clint’s. The archer’s jaw had hung open upon walking into and hearing barks. “He didn’t...”
Steve has been deployed to a two-months long solo mission, and if he’s being honest, he didn’t expect to miss the blonde as much as he did. He felt so out of place in his own tower now that Steve wasn’t around.
Tony stirred in his arms, and Steve adjusted his body accordingly so that the brunet is still comfortable. He had debated carrying him to his bedroom, but then that would mean leaving Tony alone, and he genuinely didn’t believe it was a good idea to leave the man alone the next morning after he had cried himself to sleep. It also didn’t appear to him that it would be a good idea to stay with him in the bedroom after knowing everything that he now knows, so he resorted to serving as a pillow on the cold floors of the lab.
“Uh, yes. I wanna change, so can you just wait for me outside?”
“I don’t remember,” Tony repeats. “What did you do to me?”
mind you that the alt ending won't be a happy one. im debating this because idk if ppl even like this story lol so please comment your thoughts!!!
“Shh, it’s okay. It's okay, Steve,” Tony cooed as he ran his fingers through the blonde locks. “I think this is gonna be easy.”
“Sir has designed this place according to your love for dogs and nature. You may change the atmosphere and the landscapes the windows may display for you. The vents have also been made bigger and redesigned,” JARVIS said as he opened the vents up to display its interior design. “Sir describes it as ‘chilling on the clouds.’”
Was is it? And will it work like he wants it to?
“He hasn’t even told Nat” Sam intervened “, she’s salty about it”
Will he tell his Dads about Harry?
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi guys!
“It’s his abdomen,” the engineer told both men, horrified beyond words “, he was stabbed with the same knife that killed Harry. FRIDAY says it also held a bit of potion to make it more lethal, it’s going into Peter’s system and blood… the little he’s not losing”
PLEASE leave comments and kudos, and read you soon! Thank you so much for reading!
We get a glimpse of Peter's future
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
If you haven't checked it out yet, I published the work with the one-shots that are from this AU! So check them out whenever you can, and enjoy this chapter!
“Well, I for one am glad you are staying in New York, P,” Michelle said, once their laughs had calmed down a bit, grabbing Peter’s hand and squeezing it softly “. Will you stay in Queens though?”
Also, fun fact: this story was going to be around 3-4 chapters. Now I think it's gonna be 5, especially because I had to cut this chapter in two- it was way too long otherwise. Anyway, enjoy it!
Anyway, not the point… point was, Peter was really happy about that quality time he was getting with his best friends, was aware, too, of how much they’d improved their communication and how much they had grown in those past few months. The superhero of the group had been pleasantly surprised when his friends had followed through with their words and had supported him after Harry’s death. He hated that feeling of surprise, but his therapist had assured him it was normal for his situation and, all in all, it only meant he was acknowledging things he’d rather have ignored before. A win, the genius guessed.
Peter nodded with a small smile. It’d taken a while, but he finally was accepting his Aunt’s words. And it didn’t exactly feel bad. That didn’t completely erase his stress, though, and Natasha was able to see that, so she gestured for them to get going, which Peter obliged, following her through the corridors of the Avengers Compound.
Peter runs into someone new after his meeting...
PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you can and/or want. Also, I like the questions and answers thing, so... how many languages do you speak? I'm curious
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just look at it, Junior” Bucky sighed, crossing his arms across his chest “. I know you’re not going to like this, but you need to see it”
“Yeah” Harley admitted “. Peter made me promise I’d keep the secret for him and would help him, not many questions asked. And I don’t completely know
Love you 3000!
The issue is published
Tony sighed, letting Bucky still have the princess in his arms for the explanation - he could already guess the battle had been retransmitted live for everyone to see, and he could also imagine Shuri had been the only one of Peter’s friends with enough access to get to the Avengers’ med bay.
“Glad to see you made it home in one piece” Peter said for a greeting, going to hug Bucky and then Sam.
ago” Ned groaned “, we were
She had left Peter’s room after spending some time with him, knowing the guy was tired, and also kind of dying to see his Aunt, and had gone to the guest room she usually occupied to rest for a bit. Shuri also called her brother, to assure him Peter was okay (and that so was she), and that she would try to convince the superhero to go to visit Wakanda soon.
Love you all 3000!
Please enjoy the chapter and PLEASE take care.
Peter laughed softly at Abeer’s question, tempted to confess how much his Dads got into his last nerve with how little they could stop themselves from still inserting their opinions whenever an Avengers mission or issue came up. But retirement, albeit still strange for them sometimes, had done well to them… after fighting for the greater good for decades, Peter knew they deserved to have some peace and rest.
Next work of this series is up, so be sure to check it out! Love you all!
Spider-Man. As for Peter Parker? Well, the Sinister Six (as he had dubbed them) were going to have a new version of Green Goblin, ready to surprise attack the idiot on his (hopefully) final battle… but they also had Harry Osborn, who would make sure Peter thought he’d gone back to what they had - and if not back, as close as possible.
Hi guys! Hope you enjoy this chapter!
“Well, then very good to know,” Abeer said, smiling brightly at him “. We’re all sure Stark Industries has a very bright future with you in it. However, between S.I and the Avengers Team, which we’ll later talk about, you can’t have that much free time, do you?”
Now that things are over between them, what is Peter gonna do?
(See the end of the chapter for
PLEASE tell me what you thought about the chapter in the comments, and I'll see you in the next chapter!
PLEASE leave a comment and leave kudos if you can or want to! Thank you!
Now it's time for him to explain EVERYTHING...
Hi guys! Gosh, I saw FFH again today and it was as amazing as last time I saw it!
because I was the one to kill him. I can’t help but think I am just… leaving Harry behind”
“Oh, no,” both women said at the same time. Then, Pepper continued “. You were critically injured, Peter, we’re not putting you in that position, not yet. I’ll go talk to Doctor Cho, she can surely tell me when it’s the wisest time to do the conference, alright?”
“Meeting?” Flash asked, frowning “. What for?”
Steve and Co. arrive to Wakanda
“Tony, you have to take him to Cho” Steve pleaded his husband “, it’s his only chance, he’s losing too much blood in here”
“Which is the professional thing to do” Michelle pointed out, getting laughs in agreement as a response “. However, I will say this:
Thank you so much for reading!
I'm soooo sorry, yesterday I was sick - I think I'm having a problem with my wisdom teeth... oh, boy- and I totally forgot to upload. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.
Shuri decides to be more social
So...
-JARVIS exists in this story -thus, Vision does not-, but Ultron happened. You can imagine how they defeated him, I guess. Okay, enjoy the story!
Really hope you guys enjoyed the chapter and liked what I decided to do. Now you guys see why I said Bucky was going to be key for this story. Reeeeally hope you guys like my idea, and the role he's going to play.
(See the end of the chapter for
Now, the BIG change... this chapter was going to end with Peter realizing his feelings for one of the two girls, going to her and kissing her, closing that 'who will Peter be with by the end of the book?', but it just... felt really, really wrong, for a long time. And then I realized why: there's no need for an actual romantic interest here other than 'oh well, it has to be one'. Why? Because.
I know you guys wanted to see Flash's reaction, and I really wanted to have it here, so here you go! I really loved the fluff in this chapter, but PLEASE tell me what you think! Also, tell me what you want to see in the new work where I'll write short stories and one-shots situated in this AU!
Bruce has received quite the surprise... will the rest of the family find out about it?
(See the end of the chapter for
Of course, don't forget to comment and leave kudos in this one as well. That being said, enjoy the chapter!!
I hope you enjoyed the chapter! A lot happened here, and it was a bit longer than usual, but hey... I have more time on my hands now.
Okay, that was all! Thank you so much for reading, and I'll read you soon! Love you all 3000, and PLEASE take care and be safe!
“Please, try not to do something like this in at least a couple of years” the journalist whispered “. I really thought we could lose you, P, and it felt like hell”
“I want to say that, despite the last few months of his life, Harry Osborn was not a bad person. His behavior was nothing but a desperate attempt of healing, a call for help. Harry was grieving his father and did some unforgivable things in order to cope. I am in no way asking for his forgiveness, but I don’t want his last actions to darken everything he did. As for the rumors about his death, I can confirm he died after a fight with Spider-Man, in which he accidentally stabbed himself with his own weapon, as many could observe in the live footage of the battle. I will not answer further than that, as I consider any questions about Harry Osborn’s passing cruel and morbid”
This is not the end! Don't forget two years have passed, so obviously going back to "normal" is not going to be easy... I just wonder: do you guys want the third part Sunday or Monday?
Bucky and Sam simply laughed at her retrieving form and then redirected their eyes to look at their nephew, tired yet content smiles on their faces.
PLEASE leave a comment so i can know what you guys thought of all this changes and revelations! i would love to hear it
Hey guys!
-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bCgLa25fDHM
Hope you're linking this so far, and thankful if you did! On with the part 2! (there's actually one more, more info at the end of the chapter)
Ta-da! The short story is done!
“Is that even possible?” Steve asked, looking more distraught than a minute before “. How could Harry have that information anyway?”
“How do you know how much I make there?”
Gosh, I'd missed the angst haha. By the way, has anyone seen Captain Marvel? I still have to see it, and I've heard mixed reviews!
Hey guys!
Hi guys.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve leaves his home to protect his best friend, who is just a victim of HYDRA and brainwashing. He's desperate to not lose him again, but doesn't really think about what it's going to mean. After all, he's leaving his husband and their son behind...
Hey guys!!
sorry, sorry, i know i left it at a bad moment... oops. anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so i know what you guys thought of the chapter!
, however, have a meeting Monday morning, so don’t laugh that hard at me, buddy”
So, technically, this chapter was going to be posted tomorrow, but I couldn't help myself and decided to post it today! So, I hope you're happy about that, lmao.
Hi guys! Sorry, I wanted to post early today, and instead, I'm being as late as usual
“We agreed, too, that the War shook things up in a way no one understood back then. When we came back here the whole world found out I was Spider-Man, and with everything that that implied… I put the War in the back of my head. But the fact is: we went to space. Dad, we almost died in space. I saw a Moon thrown at you, I saw you getting
So glad to be posting again, oh my God. So, a lot of you wanted MichellexPeter, some others PeterxHarry, and a couple wanted either PeterxShuri, PeterxOC or even Peter ending this story single.  I'm still deciding, and maybe your opinions change as the book progresses, so keep telling me who you want Peter to end up with.
PLEASE leave your comments and let me know what you think!
“And I get that” Peter nodded. And in truth, he did get it. He would never ask MJ to stop doing her job, to stop conquering a world he knew was hers… could never do it, either. But that didn’t mean things didn’t suck anymore, didn’t mean he stopped getting hurt by those actions. It was another part of the life he hated, another one he felt was extremely unfair, yet realistic. Looking back at MJ, he knew he’d always feel something for her, would always think she was one of the most amazing humans he’d ever meet “, and I’m proud of you for getting this far… I know things will only get better for you, M, I really do. I guess I just wanted to express how I felt”
“Depends” Peter smiled, and then he looked at his Uncle “. Uncle Sam, how about you serve me just what you made?”
Tony let out a laugh at that, which grew more hysterical when he saw his husband’s scoff. The fact that Bucky had been right didn’t exactly make things easier “. Your Uncle is incredibly funny, yeah” Steve said in a deadpan tone “. And just so you know, spending this much time with him has definitely affected your own humour”
“I mean… you two had this,
, barely aware of the world that revolved around them… and, surely, the War had just ended, but… they still had some type of innocence, still were teenagers. It seemed like a whole lifetime away.
Hi guys!
Gosh, I had the most stressful week like, ever, but this helps me relax! Enjoy please!
Hi again!
Please leave a comment if you can or want, and thank you so much for reading!
, and the first step to do that is, to be honest with those around me, I guess”
, but, I don’t want you there as my best friend, just like I didn’t hire Flash because we were friends or just like I didn’t hire Harls because he’s my surrogate brother. They’re both in S.I because we needed their brilliant minds… just like we need yours”
Love you all 3000!
Done! Fun fact: this chapter was going to end with Tony asking Peter about the living arrangements, but I realized I didn't like the structure of the next chapter with those two scenes on it... so at the end, you guys got a long chapter haha
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then let’s make it count” the young villain yelled, charging at Spider-Man. The superhero, however, could see it, so he jumped out of the way just in time, sending Green Goblin to the ground once again and then turning around to stop his punch and throwing in one of his own, although much weaker than it normally would’ve been, knowing he wanted to keep Harry as well as the situation provided.
Tony said he has a plan
“Hey!” Peter complained, knowing that he actually deserved far more than a simple punch.
The three heroes nodded, all too shocked to do anything else, and watched as Cho took Peter away, helped by other doctors that were going to help her during surgery. They stayed like that for a few minutes, until Tony stepped out of his suit and they went to the waiting room they had installed in there, all in tense silence.
But... things are not always perfect.
*mio caro: it's kind of sweetheart? Something like that
this is one of my favorite chapters ever, so enjoy!
Peter has been overworking himself
Hi guys! I really like this chapter, so I hope you do, too!
So, the next chapter is here! I won't be able to post on Wednesday, so the next chapter will be next Saturday!
Also, he has a talk with Tony
Peter has decided to tell Ned who his parents are...
, do not repeat another European trip, we had enough with the first one we went to”
And that's all for today! This chapter was long, so I hope it compensates not having one on Wednesday!
Hi guys!
The next chapter is here! It'll be a lot like the movie because I really liked the scene, but I can assure the next chapter will change a few things and start to be a little different than the version you guys know. Anyway, enjoy!
Byeeee love you all!
Hope you all had an awesome week! I had a great trip, although school is stressing me out right now, but hey, what's new? Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
“C’mon Buck, don’t be mean, she doesn’t have her minion to back her up” Sam said, coming from behind Bucky and joining in the teasing. Natasha rolled her eyes at the younger superheroes (although not by much, Peter was painfully aware of that fact) and left the place, murmuring something about how big of an idiot they both were and why did she even
Rhodey took the time to process the situation at hand and found himself shaking his head in disbelief. “Fury done did fucked up putting you back in that mansion.”
“Where is the Captain?” Thor asked.
“Okay, okay. Cut it out, children. Let’s camp out here, yeah?” Natasha suggested and went to get a few blankets and pillows. Tony followed after to help get more from a cabinet he knew the place of.
Rhodey gave the Avengers his code of access to the lab. Although he was staying around in the tower to keep a close eye on his friend, he knew that the genius is as spontaneous as ever, and if Rhodey isn’t fast enough, surely someone else would be. He also told Bruce of Tony’s condition, and with the help of JARVIS, they came to the conclusion that Tony’s suffering palladium poisoning. “Unfortunately, the only thing that’s keeping Sir alive is also killing him,” JARVIS said.
“Of course, ba—”
“Override codes. These bastards must have snuck up in my room or something,” Tony sighed. “God, I don’t know. I’ll figure something out. I’m too sober for this.”
He shuts himself off in his lab. No one, not even Rhodey, could make it through. He sits for long hours staring into space. The bots keep him company, and JARVIS chimes in every now and then to let him know of what the media says about him.
“Steve, you still here?” Clint said as he waved a hand over the Captain’s face.
“She might, uh, recall me as someone else. Don’t deny it and don’t try to correct her. Don’t be cruel to her,” Tony whispered the last part as if to himself, and Steve understood.
“Waiting for someone to decide for you...” Steve spilled out what Tony’s tongue fought to say, and Tony bowed his head further and nodded.
There’s something beautiful about the way the daylight comes through the windows of Tony’s lab. It hits the scattered pieces of metal and Steve marvels at the sight of illuminations decorating the walls. He watches the bots rise from their sleep and tilt their heads (
He opened his eyes with a choked scream and saw chocolate eyes wear worry and relief. “There you are! You had me worried, big guy.”
“But... it’s taking so damn long.”
However, the fifteenth therapist that had walked in stayed for the promised duration of two whole hours and has walked out of Tony’s office with a smile. The Avengers and Rhodey let out a breath of relief.
“Haven’t you said before that—”
The short genius didn’t respond, instead pretending to be too busy stirring the concussion in the pot. He felt drained and tired, but he knew he won’t be getting any sleep for as long as he’s here.
like the descriptions Howard has given him of the Captain. He loved how his baby blue eyes glinted when a butterfly landed on his shoulder, and how he tilted his head just to show him his smile when Tony would say something flirty.
Steve nodded, and watched as the man tried not to crumble under his watch. His knuckles were white as they held on to the sleeves of his shirt. His eyes shut tightly, and he could hear him hiccup and struggle on chokes of his sobs. He was coming undone and breaking apart right before the Captain's eyes, and Steve rummaged through his mind for a way to help.
"È delizioso. Voi fai il cibo migliore." = It's delicious. You make the best food.
Natasha sees as Tony takes the tape out of the player, throws it into the lit fireplace, and inserts another one. She can’t see his face, but when he sits down, he's slow and careful and he keeps his head low. It’s enough to tell her of what’s going on in his head.
They watched through the labelled tapes, which Steve was right about. They all came from kidnappers who demanded money. One of these tapes, however, displayed a teenage Tony knocking the kidnapper out and taking a hold of the camera to smirk and say
Tony nodded once as he lowered his gaze, and Steve quickly realized his tone was authoritative and commanding. He sighed. “I’m gonna try again. I’m gonna keep trying.”
“Like the best person on planet Earth. In all realms. In the entire galaxy—hell, the universe!” He went over to the table where the box of doughnuts was and filled his mouth with fried dough and strawberry frosting goodness. “God do I love you.”
He still struggled, still couldn’t quite be as intimate as he desired to be with Steve, still panicked at the mention of Howard or Obadiah, still couldn’t be cruel to Aunt Peggy when she’d mistake him for her so-called pal of the past, and still had nightmares of Afghanistan and the wormhole. But today, he celebrates a year sober, and he figures there will be more days to come where he looks in the face of all his demons to smile and offer them chocolate cake in celebration of not being so scared anymore.
“Gosh, this kitchen looks so lovely. Why don’t you install the designs in the kitchen of the tower, Tony?” Bruce asked.
“What does that mean?” Her voice is soft and fond. It makes him want to scrape his ears off.
“And you still can’t afford me, remember?” Tony smirked. Fury smiled and nodded as he recalled those words. The director landed a firm hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Just as long as you get to live on to prove us all wrong, I’m one happy old man.”
enjoy reading :')
But Steve was showing it. Steve could easily do so much with how big he is, how strong he is, how tall he is, with how much power he has gained now that him and Tony were alone in a locked room on a bed. And yet, he didn’t. He waited.
“Oh nononono, last time you guys distracted me with your yelling, and I couldn’t get a single recipe out of the episodes,” Bruce said.
“Simmer down, children,” Bruce would shout with a smile from the kitchen, while Rhodey would shout new prank ideas for Tony and Clint to try.
he had scoffed) and when that was thrown off the table, they insisted he signs papers that allow him to presume his role as the Avengers' consultant and as Iron Man under the condition of attending therapy sessions at least twice a weak. Tony had raised an eyebrow but signed nevertheless; not because he was going to do by what the papers say, but because he figured he can hack his way into convincing them he's (professionally) keeping it together. Not to mention how Fury did not leave room for negotiation when it came to fixing the arc reactor, and he figured that if he's going to give this whole life thing yet another chance, he might as well.
“Over my dead body,” Tony said as he striked with a move of his own, and a chess piece of Steve’s was moved out of the chess board.
And so, later that afternoon, Tony had taken Steve down to the garage to pick whatever car he would be driving on their way to the retirement home. He suggested that Steve wears something he used to wear back then around her to make it easier for her ill mind to recall him, and Steve had obliged to that and wore a white shirt and army green pants. Tony, however, had an important meeting after, and he couldn’t afford to change out of his suit, which he knew would only prompt her mind to take him as his father.
“Hey, sweetheart,” Steve said from the other side. “I’m taking a bath and—”
Furrowed brows, baby blue eyes that carry
Still, it sent the shrapnels surrounding his heart into a frenzy upon his escalating irregular breathing. He could often feel some sort of sharp ache in the center of his chest because of them. He could almost feel the sharp metal pieces hit against the exterior wall of the arc reactor as his breaths came shorter and shorter.
Natasha smirked at Steve who sighed and frowned upon the absence of the genius. Rhodey exchanged a knowing look with Natasha, and rolled his eyes when Steve started pushing crumbs of cake around his plate. Rhodey spared the blonde the despair and landed a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Go to him.”
Tony shook his head and went about with his work. He will never admit to the Captain that hearing the pencil dance around rough paper was easing the paranoia and panic in his mind, or that his banter with JARVIS and his lighthearted argument with Dum-E over how many teaspoons of creamer he wants in his coffee was making him feel safe. He resorted to working and glancing every now and then over the compatibility check.
Thor sighed heavily, his hands reaching to pinch on the bridge of his nose. “Our friend’s memories are flooded with sorrow and pain. It seems that the man who did not deserve to father him was not the only one to—”
“I’m okay, Peggy,” he whispers and tucks a strand of her graying her behind her ear. “I’m always okay.”
“You alright?”
“Tony, wake up!” Steve exclaimed with much despair in his voice. Tony finally opened his eyes in wide horror as he sat up and cowered away from the figures in the room. “N-No m-more no m-more n-no more p-please,” he hugged his knees as he rocked back and forth against the couch,
“That’s the point. We wanna celebrate it with him.”
“Why?”
presence in his head. Exhaustion was wearing him thin, but he liked to blame all drugs the doctors must have pumped through his veins to help his body recover, and not the ever-present screams in his mind of
“Right?!” Tony agreed. “His shield’s the size of a dinner plate.”
Tony gave him a look of absolute appreciation and a warm smile. Steve’s heart almost melted at the sight. “I hope they get him good.”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you, Sir. The terrorist organization Agent Romanov and Captain Rogers were tasked to go on a mission against are known as the Double Division have access to various discontinued models of Stark Industries weaponries. Their manufacturer has supplied them with said weapons years back, at least the scans of the contracts I have found say so. Their manufacturer had to supply those weapons after altercations revolving around unresolved debt.”
When he walked into the tower, everyone was doing the usual. Natasha was in her arcade, occasionally letting out Russian curses every time she almost lost, Clint was watching a movie from where he was perched up in a vent, Bruce was showing Thor how to write an email, and Rhodey was going through paper work in the dining room.
“Don’t worry. The double glass of the room will allow us to see everything from the outside,” Steve told him.
“You think I'm fucking weak, don’t you? You think I'm unstable! You think if I don’t have someone babysitting me every hour of every day that I'll just kill my fucking self because poor me can’t deal with my fucking daddy issues, huh?”
“Good morning, Tones,” Bruce said.
“Sir, I—”
“No way! Again!” Natasha demanded.
Fury came in after and sat by Tony’s bed. For a solid minute, awkward silence dominated the room.
He looks at her with glossy eyes and a sincere smile. He nods once, and she smiles. No red alarms in her dark eyes, only in his.
“The mansion was always full of weapons and tech. Even the sunflowers were plastic.” Steve looked around the field and realized that it was devoid of sunflowers. He made a mental note to never include those in bouquets he was sure to spoil the engineer with in the future. “When my parents died, I had to be in the funeral, of course. I loved all the flowers that decorated the place. They looked so pretty, Steve. It was the first time I fell in love with something that wasn’t a machine. So I bought this place,” Tony said as he spread his arms as if to display the field. “I came here so often. Even after I had bought the tower. Just recently did I realize I hadn’t come here in a while.”
Steve marveled at the sight before him: a large field of what the soldier believed had all types of flowers. It smelled of spring and blooming hope. There was a large tree in the far-right side of the field by the daisies. Steve couldn’t help but think of how much his mother would’ve loved this place, and his hands itched for a pencil and a sketchbook in hopes of capturing a fraction of such beauty.
“What did you say was Tony’s favorite movie, again?” He asked.
Steve knows why, and he doubles over the floor as he cries furiously in anger and shame and longing. He longs for the genius brunet who has been the ever-present warmth for him. Who has guided and maneuvered him through the future with ease. Who always made him giggle and blush to himself with snarky, sarcastic comments—though Steve refuses to admit he likes them. Who has programmed JARVIS to protect him just as much as it protects its creator. And Steve knows exactly why Tony hasn’t told him.
Tony felt the weight of that command block his airways. All he felt was warm, humid dread. Fury leaned over the table, looming over him, making him feel so small. He tried to sit up straighter in his seat, but a pang of pain surged right through his chest, and he found himself sink not into the cushion of his seat, but into
, how
“Play chess with us,” Clint said as soon as he had walked into the lab, Natasha standing behind him and making pink bubbles with the gum in her mouth.
They spend hours involved in various tasks. Natasha and Clint move away rubble and debris and clean around the streets of the town, as well as plant flowers and trees around. Thor and Steve help the construction workers build new homes and schools in a matter of a few hours. The Hulk and Iron Man plant various energy sources across the town. Soon enough, the town lights up with life. Thor somehow summons bolts of thunder and lightning and it starts raining. The people of the town have lost far too much that can’t be simply built back for them to relish in the reconstruction of their town, and Tony raises his face plate to deliver a sincere translated apology.
Steve frowned. “Why not?”
“Oh my god, Tony!” Clint exclaimed as the panicking man let out an ear-piercing scream. Over and over again until his body grew visibly weaker and weaker.
“JARVIS, What’s Dum-E doing here?” Rhodey asked, but JARVIS didn’t respond.
“We just miss the tower, Tony” Bruce said with a sigh.
Steve’s heart feels heavy. He craves this. He craves what’s more than this.
Being the Avengers’ consultant is a job he had come to enjoy and do right by. Besides, he didn’t need a file to declare his worth of a certain title to do the right thing. He was still the man behind Iron Man, and no one would ever be able to take that away from him, recommended or not.
“Actually, yes.” Steve revels in the blush that phrase leaves on the engineer’s face. “Watcha’ working on?”
Alzheimer, Tony learned, is a bitch. There were so many things he had to consider before he gets to walk into the room. He has changed quickly in his car into his MIT hoodie and sweatpants, combed through his hair so the hair strands would fall onto his face much like how it looked like back then, and wore red sneakers because dressing shoes could be enough to confuse her. Now he fiddled nervously with the hems of his sleeves as he watched nurses walk in and out of the room as they changed bedsheets and cleaned the rooms, a routine that ensued before visiting hours would start, which he had to wait for five more minutes before he was allowed to be let in. He used the time to pray to whoever was hearing him that she wouldn’t confuse him for Howard like she always did, or fall asleep. He knew she couldn’t help it, but today was the last time he would see her, and he wanted to drift off with a beautiful memory of her without it getting tainted because of him.
Tony’s lips frowned in understanding of where this was coming from. Rhodey had told him that Bruce was in the surgery room when the doctors had almost given up and verbally announced him dead. For someone like Bruce, he figured out it must have been traumatizing.
He couldn’t tell. The fake sunflowers decorating the walls by the TV were warning signs—yellow all around, a standing black void in the middle—like the many CAUTION signs around the weaponry manufacturing company he once owned. The TV itself a blank, black screen. Grand and big as it is, it made his reflection look small; insignificant.
i hope you enjoyed reading!! please please pleaseeee leave a comment of your thoughts and feedback :)
anyway, my baby is finished :') it was truly a joy to write this fic and i'm so so glad and honored that it has been read by anyone at all! THANK YOU! i have greatly appreciated all the kudos, comments, and overall immense support of this fic, and i hope how i ended things isn't a let down to most readers.
“Good morning, Tony,” Steve whispered back. “I can’t wait to spend forever with you.”
cheered on.
also, i think we're nearing an end. just two/three chapters left before it comes to end.
“Tony, I don’t wanna—”
—the brunet couldn’t help tilting the blonde’s head to face him.
And with that promise, Tony went to announce the location of the place the Avengers were going to be settled in for a couple of days until the tower gets inspected and debugged.
“I don’t know what to do,” the Captain whispered frustratingly, and Rhodey gulps down his admittance to that too. Instead, Rhodey guides them both to the round meeting table and finds that Fury’s pacing serves as a great distraction. “So he’s not coming.”
Steve’s silence is suffocating to the both of them, but he’s taking his precious time understanding what to make out of this. There’s guilt behind those words, and something else that Steve can’t place his finger upon. But something about Tony apologizing for what his thoughts sound like doesn’t sit right with him, and it bothers him that he doesn’t know why. If there’s one thing, however, that he had made out of this, is that he’s given a reason.
“So can I come in? Please?”
To hell with his desires and body’s biology. He still stood by his words of only truly caring about Tony’s happiness and sanity. True, somedays he feels his body heat up with the need of fulfilling sexual desires, but he would rather break every single bone of his body than let that come before Tony’s healing process. He has waited seventy years for the future. He’ll wait forever if he has to for the futurist himself.
thank you so incredibly much for all the support :') i honestly didn't think ppl would like this fic let alone read it lol
He shuddered and quickly closed the box and carried it with the blanket to his room. He would have to go through these tapes later,
“At least tell us what’s the matter. What triggered this?” Clint asked again.
So Steve asked, “Why do you always smile at me?”
Tony smirked at the unsaid reply to that in his head:
But Tony’s eyes widened slightly as he looked over the shaking figure in his arms. “God, I’m sorry, Bruce. I never know how the Hulk would be like, but I should’ve known this new area would cause a few bumps along the road. I’m sorry, big guy,” Tony patted the man’s back. “But hey! We’re okay. Yeah, yeah, it’s concerning that Clint isn’t nesting in the vents yet, and I'm honestly a bit paranoid about that myself, but other than that, everything’s A-Okay. Right guys?” Tony said cheerfully and looked around him to see the tension plastered upon the Avengers’ faces.
Tony winced as he recalled the words. Part of him still believed that he has been asking Obadiah for it all along, that Obadiah didn’t break and brainwash his mind enough to force Tony to ask for it.
Rhodey let silent tears fall for his best friend as he heard him speak of the pain his teammates put him through, and he resisted the urge to punch them all. He already felt stupid and guilty as it is for falling for Tony’s façade yet again, but the team’s too? He was seething.
She smirked and pulled the hood over her head. “They’re super-duper comfy and I look much better in them, duh.”
"Thank y—"
, when all he could say were
The Russian agent sighed before she answered, “Probably five days.”
It takes him fifteen more visits to Aunt Peggy for him to hold her wrinkled, lithe hands before correcting her. “I’m not Howard, Auntie. I’m Anthony. Tony. Your Tony. Remember me?”
“Quit bullshitting me, Stark. Why did you do it?” Stern, commanding, authoritative. Tony felt cornered, and that’s when he rebelled the most.
It takes him twenty-five more interviews for him to tell the host off sternly “One more mention of Obadiah, and I will walk right out.” He came back home that day to a proud Rhodey who ruffled his hair and hugged him tightly as he cheered “That’s my boy!” and a smirking Natasha who fist bumped him and kissed his cheek. “Good job, Antoshka.”
this fic is at a 100 kudos :') thank you so much!!! also, the encouraging comments have been helping me sooo much with the direction i wanna take with this fic, so thank you to everyone who's been leaving comments!! i look forward to them so much!!
“Fast forward to when you are finally old enough to sign shit, the manufacturing started. And Obadiah gave us all the weapons to make up for the money your old man owed us. Such a shame you shut it all down a few years later. Well, not quite as shut down as you thought. Obadiah was nice enough to grant us access to the manufacturing company’s branch in sunny Cali.”
“I’M WHAT? WEAK? NOT GOOD ENOUGH? FIGHT ME BACK AND I’LL PROVE TO YOU THAT—”
“Oh, boy. Yup. I have died. Gone to hell. And I’m about to meet Satan himself,” Tony muttered as Pepper kissed his temple before taking off.
“—irresponsible! They need someone worthy of respect and—”
“Play chess with us please. You always work,” Clint said with a pout.
“You don’t have to. I’m fine, okay? I know what I’m doing. And I'm doing fine,” he smiled, and Steve resisted the urge to deepen his frown.
She thought), she would always hear Pepper remind him of the time and the setting whenever he grew agitated throughout the day. Of course, Natasha had known of Tony’s case of PTSD, she just never really saw much of the symptoms, and therefore, ignored it completely.
“Everything’s alright, Tony. We heard you fall and thought it was an intruder. That’s all. Maybe you were sleep walking,” Natasha lied casually, which Steve nodded in agreement with.
Every step towards that room physically hurt, but he was too angry at himself to let a room scare him so much. So he bolted in and felt the shrapnels tug at his flesh. He walked around slowly and carefully, looked around, and surely found the blanket over the antique chair his father favored so much.
“You are too much of an unstable, spontaneous prick to be handling these suits. There! I said it!” Fury yelled, and the Avengers’ eyes widened. It was clearly meant to be a secret between them, but Fury’s patience was wearing thin, and Tony’s emotional anger and numbness were too comfortably mixed for him to take offense.
“Ay. He’s deflecting. I’ve seen Loki like this, and the outcome is never lovely,” Thor said.
With that being said and done, Steve was able to wrap his head around the scenario Peggy has established in her head. He had wanted to tell her that this wasn’t Howard, that this gem of a man could never be Howard, but she had started talking to him about their days during the war and memories he couldn’t quite recall being true, but he went with the flow and found himself smiling and laughing against himself whenever her mind came up with a funny story.
Texting didn’t solve the issue, especially when Steve stopped replying at some point due to going undercover. Tony couldn’t sleep for the love of him. The team noticed his behavior and teased him for being such a love bird, which he had replied to with “Pfft, what?! I’m just worried and… I… misshimsomuch…”
“Steve?” Tony called out as he knocked on the door. “Can I come in?”
“Meh. Trial and error,” he replied coolly with a shrug, and Steve wondered if anything was phasing the driver in the moment.
He had fallen to his knees. His chest heaved as he trembled and clutched fistfuls of hair to tug on. But his mind didn’t stop pushing one image after the other. He was frozen yet again, but he heard the genius ask JARVIS to increase the temperature of the room, and felt the warmth engulf him instantly when Tony knelt in front of him and landed his palms upon the Captain’s shoulders.
—on his side for once.
“We’re not enthusiastic about the cooking, we’re here for the competition and insults and—damn it, Joe! That gravy looks runny as hell!” Clint yelled yet again.
As if by some miracle, Fury called him to tell him that he’s needed in the tower. “We found a few bugs and disabled them, but we want you here to figure out the codes and technology of it all. JARVIS is refusing to answer to us. Apparently, your bot is too paranoid that someone will hack into it again. Keeps saying it’ll only answer to you.”
“I DON’T WANNA BE TOUCHED I DON’T WANNA BE TOUCHED STOP TOUCHING ME!”
“Go, Steve,” Natasha told him. “You guys couldn’t stop gazing into each other’s eyes the whole time.”
THERE WERE NO WOMEN WHERE HE WAS. YOUR VOICE WOULD MOST PROBABLY BE ABLE TO SNAP HIM BACK TO REALITY.
"Mhmm," Tony hummed as his eyes closed. He opened them with much struggle to address the Captain one more time. "Read out loud for me. Doesn't matter what part," he slurred and rested his head against his folded arms.
Pepper moved the phone away to sigh, “We have found documents of contracts signed between Obadiah and the same buyer regarding said branch. As CEO, I have received contracts that I now realize must have been fabricated by said organization regarding the renovation of the manufacturing company. The Double Division has gone fully incognito from there up until their recent attack on Gulmira. I can assure you and the public that Stark Industries and SHIELD are working to get to the bottom of this. This is much bigger than simple business trades.”
“You really don’t have to do any of this.”
“Lucky for you there’s no upcoming gala but the one on Thursday. And you’re already going to that anyway. I’m calling you because the R&D team is yet to receive anything new from you and we are in desperate need to launch something new.”
“Tony, I don’t think that’s a good—”
“Oh, Tony,” Steve whispered before he held him in his arms and rocked them soothingly on the couch. Thor put his hand over Tony’s knees from where he was sat next to them, which Tony pulled them closer to his body upon the touch, but eventually relaxed as Thor rubbed his thumb soothingly over.
The team muted themselves as soon as Tony’s tear stained face came into view. His hair was a mess. Facial hair was starting to grow above his lips and on his chin, and clothes were as oversized as ever. His room, was a renovated mess. No Captain America poster in sight. Dum-E was whirring by Tony’s side as the arm laid around his shoulder, and a bottle of Vodka could be seen by the corner of the frame.
However, what caught Steve and Natasha’s attention the most was the date.
“He... apologized...” Rhodey repeated the sentence when it came out of Steve’s mouth. He doesn’t want to tell the blonde man that he’s seen this before, but he has. The only difference now is that he’s here this time around instead of receiving the call from Jarvis that his best friend is in the hospital due to an overdose of sleeping pills and an alcohol poisoning, and yet he still doesn’t know what to do.
While Steve sketched mindlessly away, Tony was tinkering about. However, a hologram of a tab was among the various other tabs, and it read:
“No, I like it,” he said with wide, pleading eyes. He didn’t know what it is that he felt around Natasha, but it was warm and cozy with a dash of chaotic. Almost, dare he say, sibling-like. “Good night, Tasha. Sleep well.”
Steve’s punches have always carried speed, force, and the intent to hurt. His mind, however, always sought after more. It’s why every Wednesday afternoon he sat across a woman with jet black hair who asked too many questions and reported the answers to Tony. It's why the gym was warm and images of the date and time always displayed before him. Because Tony Stark happens to care, but his own mind happens to not. His sweat was cold, his fingertips were cold, his lips were trembling because he felt
“No,” he answered honestly.
Tony found his voice, and along with that, found anger. “I find it flattering you asked. But oh, wait! There are no tapes of my time in that cave. You guys are such visual learners.”
he reminded himself. For now, he smiled fondly at the genius as he smiled and giggled when Rhodey smeared melted pink glaze over his cheek.
Natasha was drowning in guilt. Her training had always eliminated the idea of giving people the benefit of the doubt. Thus, she came to know people by looking for the worst in them. She hadn't looked at Stark's self-destructive tendencies as a coping mechanism to make up for his suicidal ideations, and she definitely hadn't looked at his so-called narcissism as an attempt at seeking love and care that his attention starved childhood and brain were robbed off. For the first time in her life, she feels stupid.
“The day his parents died...” Natasha whispered. Clint, Thor, and Bruce perked up in concern in their seats.
“Tony get out of there! We’ll deal with him accordingly just get out!” He heard a feminine voice say in his ears.
It didn’t matter whether he improves by the next minute, the next hour, the next week, the next year, or even the next decade. What mattered is that he had a purpose, something—
“I don’t know,” he answered, which was nothing short of the truth. “I guess a part of me wishes you guys never watched those. Another is… okay with it.” She didn’t speak, and he sighed and carried on. “It’s just… every one of you guys acts a certain way because of something. Steve doesn’t like the cold because it reminds him of the plane crash. You don’t like loud alarms because it reminds you of the Red Room. Bruce doesn’t like explosions because it reminds him of the incident. Clint doesn’t like long car rides because they remind him of the car crash that made him deaf. Thor doesn’t like being lied to because it reminds of his brother’s betrayals of him. I know these things because I asked. Because you guys were given the chance to talk. It feels like… it feels like that’s been… taken away from me. That’s the part of me that wishes you guys never watched the tapes.
He broke all the vases and TV screens, tore through furniture and broke its wood, flipped all the chairs and tables, ignored the calls of the team, and walked right past them when they tried to stop him from tearing through the wallpapers or punching through the walls. He ran to the lounging area to do just the same thing around the room. It was not enough to sate the mania coursing through his veins, and his body shook with the need to do more. He ran up the long spiral of stairs and broke the door of his childhood room as he lunged at it with all his might. The room that he has once asked the team not to enter no matter what the circumstances are, he has welcomed them to walk through as they saw him tear through the mattress, the pillows, the sheets. He opened the closet and ripped all the Captain America posters he has kept with his hands and teeth. Not once did it cross his mind that the Captain was right there watching. He simply didn’t care.
Tony let out a breath he didn’t he was holding as he walked through his lab one last time. He touched over everything he encountered. He kissed his bots and ordered them to go back to their stations to resume their sleep, but Dum-E was too stubborn and clingy and rebelled against his orders. He let out a breathless chuckle. “I really did put a piece of myself in you, didn’t I?”
Of course, Steve understood what that meant every time. His attention would be fully directed upon the brunet, and he always praised him for reaching out because he knew just how hard it is on Tony to do so.
So he let himself have bad days. He let his mind wander. He let himself be dramatic as he lamented over his exhaustion and frustration. The best part? Everyone around him engaged with him in it. When he sprawled over the couch, a frown etched on his face, Natasha sprawled on the floor next to him and started talking about an interesting conspiracy theory she came up with. When his mind wasn’t quite there to focus on the movie they gathered around to watch, Rhodey held him close to his chest and ruffled his hair like he always did. When he couldn’t focus on any of his tasks in his lab, Bruce dragged him to the lab of his floor instead and worked on an entirely new and fun project together. When he almost cried at the media’s recall of his days working with Obadiah, Clint turned the TV off and took him to his cloud-like vents to listen to his favorite music and eat as many blueberries as he wanted. When he couldn’t sleep at night, Steve walked into his room and took him into his embrace as he read a book out loud and watched the brunet fall into a deep, peaceful slumber.
“I’m sorry about last night,” Tony said casually. “In my defense, you shouldn’t have walked in. But then again, I shouldn’t have given Rhodey that code. Oh well...”
But nothing felt as warm as seeing a glowing blue emit form Tony’s chest. Nothing felt as warm as being in the presence of Tony.
He sat up quickly and avoided looking at the Captain, and Steve let him do whatever he was comfortable with. “Good morning, Tony.”
Steve gasped.
“It doesn’t matter. What matters is that you’re gonna fix it. And your gonna fix your issues with the damn government.”
“No. Quit talking about it, I’ve already made my mind.”
Worst of all, Steve thinks, is that they hadn’t known they were cruel to him in the first place.
“No! Shut up!” he doesn’t know when or how did he manage to get as close to the Captain as he is now, but he relishes in the fact that they’re the same height with the Captain sat in front of him like this. His baby blue eyes look miserable, and Tony’s simmering blood starts to bubble.
“Steve’s what?! When? JARVIS! Why haven’t you said anything?”
“Y-yeah. I’m okay.”
“Sorry about that. This thing comes out of my chest and I just glitch,” Tony tried to say casually, but it just came out nervous and shaky.
He didn't feel all that great either watching the news broadcast a mission the Avengers were on without him and see all the casualties and destruction that could've been avoided if someone could've flown. When they came back after said mission, they had complained about the missing figure in the sky factor indeed, but they also talked about how dead silent and boring the comms were, and Tony's heart couldn't help but warm at that despite how much he had rolled his eyes over the statement.
“Tony, we injected you with one already. Taking a painkiller now wouldn’t be good for you,” Steve said fondly as he handed him water instead.
They sat in silence for a while until Tony decided to ask, “Why do you always wear my clothes?”
Tony’s silence alarms the blonde. “You wanna talk about something?”
“Be the best CEO ever and cancel whatever gala you’re probably gonna request for me to attend? I know. Thanks, Pepper. You’re the best!” He said with a smirk. Steve couldn’t help the amused smile on his lips.
“Inception,” Rhodey answered and tossed a pillow Natasha’s way. They were all moving around with tasks to get this night right, except for Steve who paced around with worry.
“A clean energy source for the Christmas tree they’re gonna light up in Time’s Square. Only god knows just how much electricity is wasted on that stupid tree,” Tony says begrudgingly and glares at the screen in front of. It doesn’t take a genius to know why Tony’s so bothered by it all. After all, Natalie Rushman has reported that Tony locked himself out in the lab last Christmas and didn’t come out until late January. He figures that will most likely be the case this year as well but hopes it wouldn’t be.
The team chuckled when Tony groaned frustratingly as he watched the Captain pout. “Fine! Jesus, Cap. Is that how you killed the Nazis? You just gave them those puppy eyes?”
“You’re scared,” he started, and although the look on Tony's face morphed into something that tugged uncomfortably at his heart, he knew he can’t stop now. “You’re petrified. Because you think it’s gonna happen again. You think he’s right. You think they were all right. Not because they actually were, but because they have instilled it into your brain. That you’re worthless. That you’re no good. And he told you that you will never amount to the noble and righteous Captain America. But he was wrong. He was not a man made of iron. He was rotten. But you? You are worth the whole damn bunch. Your worth can’t be amounted to. You’re significant. To hell with noble and righteous. To hell with Captain America. Iron Man is who the world needs. But if you ask of who I need? I need Tony Stark. The man who I've been too busy calling an egoistic bastard that I didn’t realize my very own ego was keeping me from saying these words much earlier.
He stumbled on his steps but kept running.
"Don't." It came out harsher than Tony intended for it to be, but Steve wasn't about to point that out. He did see that blanket in Howard's study room, and he knew that Tony must have gone through much internal turmoil just so he won't turn into a "Capsicle."
But Rhodey, the only human being who knows about this, wasn’t here and Tony was losing his mind again. He couldn’t move. He was frozen in the narrow and bleak hallways of the mansion that seemed to know no end, and his mind was screaming at him not to have a mental breakdown now.
He grabbed the framed picture of his father. Young, smiling, healthy, and rich. He threw it carelessly on the floor and relished in the sound of hearing the glass break. He grabbed another picture and noticed how his hands were the steadiest they’ve ever been since he got here. He smiled, but not before he had broken another picture frame. And another. And another. And another...
“This calls for a celebration,” Rhodey said as he shoved a piece of doughnut in the genius mouth, to which he accepted with a smile. Steve couldn’t help but crave this casual intimacy with the brunet.
And so, he left the blonde off with privacy and lamenting thoughts over the past.
For now, they bickered about random things and overheard Natasha and Clint argue over what movie to watch. At some point, Rhodey walked into the tower in his uniform and greeted his best friend like usual: by ruffling his hair until he either giggled or groaned frustratingly. Tony loved those.
“Ten... nine... eight...” he heard the British voice say, but by the time the AI counted down to six, he could hear the people sat behind him count as well, and he smiled despite himself.
His visit from the afternoon had him ride a roller coaster of emotions, but none of them were necessarily negative. Sure, he had despised the moments in which Peggy confused Tony for Howard, but he knew it was out of her control. Still, he wanted to scream out that Tony is nothing like Howard. He was sweet and caring, nothing like the heartless machine he had once described him to be. He was kind, beautiful, and absolutely charming. Steve always felt safe around him no matter where they went. He was simply Steve’s haven. Steve hadn’t known he would come to have feelings for someone quite this intense. Here he was, either working his body out until it ached, or walking around the tower as what his team had called “a lost puppy,” which he figured was quite appropriate. He did feel lost and disoriented whenever Tony wasn’t around.
No amount of work binges or movie nights with the rest of the team could distract him. Resorting for alcohol had struck his mind, but then the reminder of him doing so well so far without a drop of that stuff quickly silenced the former thought. The days went by awfully slow, but he counted his resistance of self-destructive coping mechanisms as small victories, and in his head, Steve was cheering for him.
Steve blushed and nodded shyly as he got up. “Nah-uh, don’t disrespect my cake like that. Take the plate with you!”
***PLEASE READ: okay so we've only got one more chapter left before i end this book. BUT i've been thinking of giving this an extra chapter of an alternative ending. what do you guys think? should i go for it or should i just leave it as it is?
“I missed you,” Tony whispered back. “I missed you so much.”
It wasn’t a shock. Tony knew Fury would decide upon this, no questions asked. He also knew there was nothing to negotiate. This was the safest place for the Avengers after the tower, regardless of how it wasn’t so for him for the longest time. His serious case of PTSD was protesting heavily against this, but he knew he would have to eventually suck it up and recall his priorities list, which currently held the Avengers’ safety at the very top. His mental health has been in steady decline for as long as he can remember, and traumatic events have been popping up in his life as often as new software updates did on his computer.
Tony chewed slower and narrowed his eyes in thought. “Would you like to visit her? Today?”
“N’tasha?” Tony hiccuped as he lifted his head enough to peak his eyes through. He blinked the tears away to get a better view of the redhead before him.
and Steve winced as he recalled the time he said something similar to the genius.
He turns to the terrorists he has captured from the borders of the town. He had destroyed all their weapons and bases—killed them all and marveled at the silence that followed now that the war had forcibly come to an end.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve smiled.
Tony winced as he could hear the ghost of his own strings of objections and refusals, and the strings of gaslighting phrases that he didn’t even know how to identify as such until just a few months ago when the man tried to kill him. His eyes feel hot and warm and he’s repeatedly calling himself an idiot for taking that long to figure it out and understand. He chokes on a sob as he remembers how desperate he was every time. How he begged for it. How Obadiah always gave him the illusion of choice and consent.
“Tony? Are you alright? You look pale,” Bruce’s concerned face chimed in as soon as Tony entered the communal kitchen area where the team was present.
He glanced over Natasha’s face and saw her eyes narrow in thought. “Do you, Tony Stark, think that the shit you’ve been through makes you weak?”
“Shut up,” Tony whined as he playfully pushed Steve away from him.
Steve's heart fluttered as he recognized the voice he was hearing through the big screen. How come Tony never told him he knew her?
cliff hanger because as much as i like being nice to y'all and giving y'all regular updates, i also like being evil :)
"Man in a can you are, but surely a mighty one," Thor crouched and landed a heavy, gentle hand on the brunet's shoulder as he smiled softly. "And in more ways than one."
“But Sir—”
At that, Natasha glanced over at the Captain who had looked absolutely wrecked; because of course Steve didn't know much about Tony other than catching glimpses of a few acts he took as the man outside of the egoistic persona that he wore as easily as his armor, but it was enough for him to develop a crush. Steve could easily admit that Tony is quite a handsome man. He has the prettiest eyes Steve's ever seen, a gorgeous smile he didn't blame the population for swooning over, and a lean, muscular body he couldn't help but stare at sometimes. His looks, however, were just a bonus and he did feel optimistic enough to look forward to learning more about the brunet outside of the internet and the media (
“Shame,” the man shook his head. “I’ve been in bed with you far more than I have with my own wife. And you still don’t remember me?”
“You lost, little guy? Yeah?” Clint asked.
They know what he’s referring to.
Perhaps there was far more truth in that statement than he had let on to the man he befriended in that cave. Whatever
Natasha shrugged. “I think you’re pretty cool. You’re hella smart, a bastard at times, and fun to be around. Your sense of humor is the best and your sense of fashion is impeccable. And you’re so damn competitive and stubborn, it gives me headaches.”
He pulls it together and furiously wipes away his tears to exit the bathroom. He makes it to the living room, and he can see the tension hop merrily around. Natasha is putting the tapes back into the box in the exact order they have pulled them out of, and the grimace and furrowed brows are enough to tell what’s going on in her head. Clint is sat cross legged on the floor, his eyes focused on nothing in particular, but there’s anger bubbling underneath. Thor’s face is as neutral as ever, but his hands emit glowing blue sparks of lightning, and Steve almost gasps at the sight. Then there’s Bruce, who’s pacing around the room in an attempt of keeping the Hulk at bay, who’s voice laced with the Doctor’s to exclaim “Tony hurt!” whenever Bruce lost his grip on the green, blinding rage.
Except he can’t—and doesn’t want to—be excluded from the narrative. In his mind, he is the narrative. He hears Pepper’s soft tapping against the coffee table, sees Rhodey's face on various TV channels trying to reason with the government, sees Natasha and Clint hack through the organization, sees Steve on the phone with SHIELD agents discussing the whereabouts of the organization’s leader, sees Bruce and Thor look through piles of documents from various boxes for whatever Obadiah has left behind, and he hates himself.
“It’s not fair to you either,” Steve whispered as he wrapped his arms around the brunet; his hold loose enough to grant Tony ease to escape, tight enough to hold him together.
“See you soon, my favorite boys,” she said cheerfully. “Take care of each other.”
“Good god, am I seeing this right? Tony Stark?! The Great Tony Stark graces us with his presence?!” Fury said with much heavy sarcasm. “I can’t believe my one eye!”
“Coffee, then I'm dragging you with me here until I beat your ass in a competitive round,” Tony said as he put his once discarded shirt on over his tank top and followed his team out of the lab.
“I’m okay,” Steve said, his tone soft and fond for the man before him, yet accompanied by a biting finality to it reserved for himself. “I’m okay.”
Steve was dumbfoundedly taken aback, and he didn’t quite comprehend the question, which tugged on Tony’s nerves as he tapped against the glowing blue. When the seconds stretched on, Tony’s cheeks warmed up and the most breathtaking blush peppered along his cheeks. Steve was stunned, but then realized that the engineer before his eyes was falling apart and racking his mind for an escape of the awkward situation.
"Here. It's an electric heating blanket," he gingerly wrapped it around the Captain. His hands were shaking, and Steve didn't have to strain his eyes to see it.
“By the way,” she said as she got up to leave after spending hours upon hours talking about whatever came to their minds. “You do have the chance to talk, a story to tell. Whenever you want, I’m only a few floors away. And I’m pretty sure a particular infatuated soldier is all ears as it is whenever you do as much as breathe around him.”
Once he’s alone in his lab, he opens a new tab on his computer and starts typing away. Once satisfied with what he’s written, he goes to his room to get ready. He showers and spends a few extra minutes under the warm water and
“Woah, so you knew of Man of Iron’s father on a personal level? I thought it was only a matter of business,” Thor asked.
“No. Leave.”
“Th-thank you,” Tony hiccuped between sobs.
“Would you wanna celebrate Christmas with us this year?” Clint said with a hopeful tone. Tony gulped and put on a paparazzi smile. “Nah, but if you wanna throw a party or something, just let JARVIS know and I’ll handle all expenses.”
“Clint, shut up now,” Natasha glared at the archer before fixating on Tony. “Hey, T. Welcome back,” she whispered and then pushed a glass of water his way. “Here. Please drink this.”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk... don’t rush me. You would’ve known I like to take my time. Do things at my own pace... but how would you know when you were so drunk?”
Two nurses came in after a few minutes, interrupting a story Clint and Natasha were telling of their time in Budapest.
With one last tug at the arc reactor, he felt the slow, painful shadows of death loom over him. All the pain, all the violation of his body and trust, all the times he has been dragged to filth by the media and his teammates, all the panic attacks, all the sleepless nights, all the nightmares, all the mental breakdowns, all the suicidal tendencies and attempts have not prepared him for this. Yet, he was reaching with his hands for it. He yearned for it.
When it got to a point where Tony's eyes were bloodshot red and his hands couldn't keep steady for the love of him, Steve said, "Sleep. I'll stay right here if you want."
The Avengers kept the brunet company and their conversations didn’t stop. In their heads, they were beating themselves up for not doing this much earlier. Tony was incredibly fun to talk to, and easily put a smile on their faces and made them laugh. Clint laughed until there were tears in his eyes. Natasha laughed until her stomach hurt. Bruce’s cheeks were tinted with a color that wasn’t green, but a red that came out of how much his cheeks had hurt from how much he was laughing. Steve and Thor laughed so loud, the nurses walked in with a glare and a warning.
He glances up at the Captain—at
When he growls in frustration, the Captain doesn’t comment, but his shoulders visibly tense. Tony doesn’t understand why or how such little things are getting to him so much. All he understands is that he can’t stop it.
Steve, Clint, Bruce, and Natasha exchanged looks of concern, with Steve’s face not being entirely surprised since he had already known of the abuse Tony went through during his time in Afghanistan, but it did break his heart to hear Tony cry in his sleep for his captors to not hit him again, to not touch him again, to not rape him again...
“I know you do,” Rhodey said casually as he looked around the lab. It was the mess he has grown used to seeing whenever Tony tinkered too much. The holograms and tabs open were of various projects revolving around the Avengers’ suits and weaponries. There were far too many versions of them and too many updates. Even War Machine had his fair share of those. Not one tab or hologram displayed anything Iron Man related, and Rhodey instantly understood why.
He remembers now.
Now, he could say he has everything. Now, he could say he knows what luxury is, and it sure didn’t look like stacks of green paper or golden staircases, smell of Gucci colognes, or taste of caviar.
“You got your hands on the IP address of their manufacturing company?”
But this was different. This was Tony trying to reclaim his right of choosing to do this. This was his way of also letting Steve know that he is getting better and that he will someday be able to give Steve more and more overtime. This was him letting Steve know that Steve is helping far more than he thinks. He’s trying to master the arts of not owing people things, including himself. Steve just deserves to feel good, and for the first time, Tony is feeling good, too—something he didn’t know could be possible as he always thought that intimacy will always cost his discomfort and pain.
Tony wanted to cry right then and there. It always felt overwhelming to be noticed like that—for someone to take notice of little things such as his love for a specific song, not because he mentioned it, but because someone noticed. He could never quite get used to such thing, no matter how many times it has been displayed to him.
"Tony, sweetheart—" Natasha started, but was interrupted by a heart wrenching sob.
, and he nodded with a friendly smile that the Colonel returned.
“He wanted to hang some Iron Man poster a fan had sent, but got distracted,” he shrugged.
It felt so peaceful to talk about the past for what it is: the past. He had struggled to come to terms with the fact that he will never live through that era ever again. He didn’t want to hear it when all what people would say was that he was made for the future, and he wanted to scream whenever people answered his questions by shoving bright screens to his face. Whenever he did speak of the past, it felt constricting to his lungs and heavy on his heart. There was a part of him that continued to deny the ticking clocks, the digitalized calendars, and the smart watches that felt like cuffs on his wrists.
“Oh, yeah. That’s a real burner. But don’t worry, Fury and I are getting to the heart of this. I’m hacking them right now as we speak,” Tony said casually. “And I now know how they managed to hack JARVIS, by the way.”
Dum-E spilled some coffee on its way to the inventor, but Tony accepted it with much gratitude and smiled at the beeping bot. “Dum-E, don’t be rude. We got a guest here. Put one teaspoon of creamer and two teaspoons of caramel syrup.” Dum-E beeped in acknowledgement and walked to the coffee machine.
“Tony?” Steve called out for the fifth time before Tony snapped out of the memory. “You okay?”
Bruce looked up at the man’s face, then back to the glowing blue. He nodded. “Yeah, I'm alright.”
Tony blinked at the archer. He didn’t quite comprehend the statement, but it did have a warm, gentle hold on his heart. “Thank you,” he whispered again.
“If y-you hadn’t watched th-those fucking tapes, y-you wouldn’t h-have been n-nice to me. If y-you hadn’t known I was r-raped, you w-would've laughed when F-Fury called m-me a whore.”
“No,” Steve answered with a grimace. “SHIELD gave me a fake address. Said it was keeping her safe that way.”
“And I love you,” Steve replied with a kiss to the brunet’s forehead. “Now let me hold you and feed you blueberries.”
“You really like to test how much I love you, huh?” Pepper said through her tears. “I pulled a you during the meeting with the Romanians. Walked out during the middle of the meeting and told them to go fuck themselves when they tried to hold me back. Am I a Stark now?”
Clint didn’t understand a lot of things about Tony, but he did try his best to be supportive despite his lack of knowledge on how to handle certain situations. One of said certain situations being once upon a lazy Sunday morning.
Steve’s eyes were on Tony’s face the whole time as he spoke, and he couldn’t comprehend how someone as hurt as Tony could simply think of someone else’s feelings as a motive to heal not for the sake of healing, but for the sake of being better to that someone.
"I didn't know his hair was so soft," Natasha said as she brushed away at yet another strand that fell onto his face.
“Oh, honey,” he taps against his arc reactor. “I’ve always been suicidal. You just confused it for being Tony Stark.”
Tony raised a brow, but before he could speak, Rhodey said “Do you think I don’t know you? Do you really think I don’t know what any of this is?” He shuffled through the holograms with his eyes still fixed on the engineer. “I’m not gonna watch you kill yourself, Tony. I’m not gonna even allow you to.”
“Yeah, JARVIS?”
"Who said anything about babysitting you? I'm here because the coffee's better. Right, Dum-E?" The addressed bot beeped as it raised its arm up and down, mimicking a nod.
He walked into the kitchen for a cup of coffee and had nearly broke the mug when Bruce chimed in “Oh, by the way, Steve’s back.”
His phone rang, interrupting his prayers.
“My name is Tony Stark,” he says bitterly.
They played multiple rounds, and at some point, Thor joined in on the team against Tony. Tony won all rounds easily, and Steve watched as the four opposing members would frustratingly shout “How?!” and “Ugh! Another round!” Tony would just tease them with eye rolls and constant reminders of him being a genius and better than everyone else.
“Tony? Tony can you hear me? You’re... you’re okay. You’re with the Avengers. Nobody’s gonna hurt you or touch you.” But that didn’t get to the genius, and soon enough everybody else was crouched by Tony (“Don’t touch him or get too close,” Steve warned) not knowing what to do as they watched him scream and scratch roughly at his neck, the skin around the arc reactor, and occasionally hit his head against the wall or punch at his temples with both hands.
“Nothing. I’m good,” he said and coughed violently. Natasha caught sight of purple veins forming a pattern around his neck. “Your arc reactor. It’s giving you trouble.”
Her face brightened with a smile as she extended her arms. “Anthony. Oh my god, Anthony, my love. My precious boy. Come here!” He walked over to her and fell into her open arms. He nuzzled his head into her neck and took in her ever-comforting scent one last time. “Hey, Auntie. I missed you so much.” He pulled away after a few minutes of pure bliss in the form of a hug and took a seat next to her bed.
Tony bit back tears as Peggy’s words rained down on him. He had wished her words gave him strength, but all they did was drench him in shame and guilt for not being worthy of all the love and strength she passed on to him. Poor Jarvis was probably watching in on him with disappointment, and he found himself apologizing. “I’m so sorry. I’m not strong enough. I can’t do any of this. I wish I was better.”
“Don’t be silly. Whatever you need, remember? Just let JARVIS know of whenever you’d want someone’s company.”
“Oh, how Loki would’ve enjoyed watching this.”
They watched helplessly as Tony continued screaming until his voice grew hoarse. Even then, he didn’t really stop. He only stopped when purple veins started forming patterns along his neck, and his arc reactor dimmed ever so slightly. He clawed at his chest as he coughed and wheezed. Pain surged through his chest and he felt the shrapnels tear at his flesh.
“You are cute! You are the cutest out there!” Steve said with faux fury and threw the pillow back at the genius.
Steve couldn't keep his eyes off Tony no matter how hard he tried. Mostly because he feared that the brunet would end up injured under Natasha's hands, but as they started their sparring session, it seemed that she was giving more a tutorial, so Steve leaned back on the couch by the boxing ring and watched on.
Steve’s heart sinks to his chest. This—the sadness, the mental breakdowns, the nervous fiddles with random objects, the POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER on page three of Tony’s file, the purple patterns littering his neck, the goddamn apologies that shot through Steve’s ears like acid—is Tony Stark, too.
The night was quite calm and content. They ate the food Rhodey had made with the help of Bruce and talked about random things. When Tony asked about Thor, they told him he has gone off to Asgard yet again. He doesn’t like when the god leaves the tower, but he knows the blonde prince must have other important matters to attend to and feels a sense of honor upon recalling that the tower is a place the god could always safely reside in upon his arrival.
“Is that a challenge?” Tony smirked.
They walked alongside each other in silence. Steve didn’t question anything, at least not now. He glanced towards the short man walking by his side to see a small smile grace his lips and a peaceful look in his eyes. Besides, whether he knew or not of where Tony was taking him, he didn’t care. He’d follow Tony wherever he went without a second thought.
He looks to himself in the mirror and sees Tony Stark: genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
God knows just how much Tony had needed to hear words of comfort when he lost Jarvis to cancer. He had screamed and drank himself to sleep almost every night. It didn’t help that Aunt Peggy was almost always not around due to her work. He had craved for someone to be around, to tell him it’s okay to grieve, to allow him to. All he ever heard from Obadiah was
Bruce’s eyes softened and he smiled fondly at the genius. “Yeah, I am. Thank you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He... he touched you too?” Steve whispered as he doubled over in his crouch, his stomach twisted and churned, and he wanted to make a run for the sink again.
"I can't wait to love you how you deserve to be loved," Steve whispered. His voice was barely audible for anyone else in the room to hear as he shut his eyes to the sound of steady heartbeats beeping through the monitor.
“Does it feel any different?” Bruce asked in wonder.
“You’re here,” his hand, lazy and moving slowly towards the blonde's face, cradled Steve’s cheek. “You’re here”
“No. If you’re gonna watch them, at least let me be here. With you. I already know what to expect.”
This was supposed to feel good any minute now. He was supposed to let go of the restraints of the past and shake its hand as he smiles at its face to say
“I placed trackers in all of your suits. And weaponry.”
They took the elevator and JARVIS moved up to floor #32, which was Natasha’s. As soon as they have stepped foot into the spacious floor, purple-blue-pink lights decorated the place, and they realized the floor was designed as an arcade.
“Does anybody ever win in a war? But we believe that you can kill the messenger, not the message. And we definitely let them know of ours.”
“Y-You w-w-were... I-I w-w-as—”
—it feels. He tilts his head back to give Tony much more access of his skin and feels a smile against his neck before the brunet starts planting wet kisses. Steve tried so hard to suppress his moans, but when Tony started biting gently at a sensitive spot, a soft moan escaped his lips, and Tony smiled. This was the first time that he has ever heard such a sound without it being accompanied by his screams and cries for things to stop, and his ears could hear it well instead of muffling the sound like it always did when he wasn’t sober.
Next chapter is here, and the battle of Wakanda is about to start! In the next chapter we'll go back to Team Titan, in what is one of my favorite chapters!
Would that be a good idea, though?
to make this world a better place - for Oscorp, for the world… for you, son. And in order to do that, I had to end Tony Stark… and when he had a kid, I had to end him, too”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you for reading, love you all 3000!
“Well, finally Peter and Aunt Hottie joined us” Tony said, smiling fondly at the both of them. Peter rolled his eyes at his Dad, May being an exact copy of him “. Yeah yeah, roll your eyes all you want, you’re still eating whatever I cooked”
And PLEASE leave a comment and kudos if you want/can! Bye!
I hope you liked it! Be sure to check out my new story, which you can find if you click on the 'next work' in the series! It's called 'Those Little Moments!
“Yep”
Hope you guys liked it! You know you can ask me to write a one shot, or a story, if you want to see something here! Next story will probably be split in chapters. Don't know when it'll be up, because finals are coming, so it may take a little bit... to complete, at least. I hope I can find the time, though.
Gosh, sorry about the absence! I didn't want to disappear for as long as I did, but finals and essays and moving back home to finish my year was keeping me busy. Anyway, I'm so glad to be back! So here's another chapter :)
Hi guys! How are you?
The ride was short, although it felt like forever for Peter, but soon he was parking the car and going inside the place, a bit more deserted than usual (probably due to the extremely cold weather, nothing weird for the middle of December), but the superhero was not mad about that. In silence, he took his time to arrive at his destination, frowning when he got there. Despite never having talked about something like death, or where they’d want to rest forever, the genius knew Harry would’ve hated to be where he was, in the Osborn family’s mausoleum, where his Dad and Mom were also buried. Or maybe he would’ve liked it, Peter thought, to be close to his parents, to at least be close to his Mother, whom he had always longed for, Peter had known. With a deep sigh, the young superhero went inside the place, ignoring Norman’s tomb (for his own mental health) and observing Harry’s, feeling the hurt set in his low stomach and spread all through his body.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And if you don’t go to a medic your vitals won’t be looking good either,” Karen said again, this time much more urgent “. You’re only standing up due to adrenaline and your condition as a superhuman, but you will soon begin to feel real consequences of your wounds”
Hope you guys enjoyed the chapter, PLEASE leave comments and if you want, kudos! See you soon!
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know, Dad” Peter nodded “. And that’s not all… I realised something else. I realized that, after losing Harry… that meant I had no ground to stand on, or at least not one that felt like
Love you guys!
“C’mon Pep, another one?” Peter groaned, jokingly glaring at her when she laughed at him “. Hey, I just endured a
I really hope you guys enjoyed it! Quick reminder: there won't be a chapter on Saturday because I will be on a trip. Maybe I can upload it on Sunday, or not upload it at all and upload it next Wednesday. What do you guys prefer?
to see Peter.
Also, I've been writing the one-shot! Can't say where it will exactly be published, but hopefully, it'll be soon!
Peter is being reckless
for that question to exist, but the problem was… Peter wasn’t completely sure about that “. I don’t know” he’d confessed after a couple of minutes “. I care about you more than I care about a lot of people, you’re one of the closest friends I have, but… as you said, things are complicated”
“So, guys… exciting news!”
“Yeah” Peter nodded “. Which is sometimes a bit unsettling, you know?” Both of his parents nodded to his question, knowing perfectly what their son meant. With their lives, too much peace sometimes felt wrong… and wasn’t that just messed up “. Other than Shur leaving for Wakanda, everything seems pretty… normal”
Ta-da!
“Hey!” The kid protested “, I’ve been kinda busy, Dads, it… slipped. Holy hell, my birthday is tomorrow”
. Had not quite accomplished it yet, but oh, he was so close he could practically taste it - or better yet, could imagine the afterward, every citizen in New York (hell, in the freaking world- the
I hope you guys enjoyed it! The next chapter will be the fifty of this story!
“Oh…” Peter smiled “. You’ll see soon enough”
“You tried to kill me” Peter murmured “, and then you… then we fought and the knife went through your chest, Harry”
So, the chapter is done! I really hope you guys enjoyed it! There was a little twist at the end, but then again, it was something we all saw coming, right? At least I know some people did.
Ta-da! The chapter is done!
“So he was the only one who remembered Peter Parker. Just Peter Parker” Steve completed for his son. Peter nodded with a small smile in his face.
I really hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! We're getting closer to the end, but don't worry: there's a sequel! And actually, I'm thinking about doing a shorter work that would consist of short stories that happen in this AU. What do you think? Would you guys read it? Well, that and the sequel, of course.
“How are you holding up, Bambi?” He asked, gentle. Peter thought, only for a brief moment, about telling his parents and uncle he was okay, pretend he was feeling confident about the press conference and the words he had memorized days prior. However, after everything that had happened in the past few weeks, he knew better than that.
away. However, she didn’t know if Peter was going to be specially proud of him, with Steve lying to Tony constantly. She
“I sure hope so” Tony sighed again “, and I think you’re right. I also… I think this may be bigger than we realize.
Hope you like this chapter! A quick reminder that this '****' means it's a flashback. Also, there won't be a chapter on Saturday because I will be on a trip. Maybe I can upload it on Sunday, or not upload it at all and upload it next Wednesday. What do you guys prefer?
“I don’t like this, Steve” Tony murmured after a few minutes “. I feel like we’re waiting for the worst”
), but he still went with the polite way of finishing a meeting and shook hands with the board, walking to the exit with his Aunt next to him.
“This is borderline psychotic, dude,” Harley told him, letting himself fall onto the couch. Peter rolled his eyes at him, but didn’t deny it. He’d moved back into the Tower, now sharing his apartment with his surrogate younger brother; he’d enjoyed his time in Queens with Shuri, but with the Princess moving back to Wakanda, Peter had decided to make the apartment in Queens into a space he could escape to when he felt overwhelmed, and move back into the Tower. Besides, now that Harley was working in S.I with him, it made things easier.
“Yeah, you’re right” Steve agreed “. Ever since we met it’s been like that… it’s crazy to think everything that’s happened since, from marrying one another to having
There were a lot of things Peter could’ve said to that questions; a lot of answers did indeed cross his mind, and all of them, he was sure, were at least partly true. And yet, when it came down to it:
the ones saving the world from them, and from any threats they may present. We’ve grown past the need of Avengers: it’s time everyone realizes that”
I really hope you enjoyed it, don't forget to comment to tell me if you did!
Harry breathed softly at that, fingers going limp in the hold they had of Peter’s upper arm and soon, the young genius heard his ex-lover’s heart stop. He didn’t move then, couldn’t bring himself to it. Instead, he rocked them back and forth, sobs finally escaping out of his body and making him convulse just slightly (although it could be thanks to shock, Peter didn’t quite know), and when someone tried to take him away then screams left his mouth; desperate, out of himself with pain for a loss he had known was sort of inevitable yet had denied it had to happen until the very last second. Still, Bucky took him away from Harry, knowing his nephew had to let go.
(See the end of the chapter for
… it was exhausting”
And more importantly: will their love be okay? Or are they done forever?
Enjoy the chapter, see you at the end!
But that's not a surprise
Now the question is: what the hell happened?
“Peter, we’re sorry” Tony whispered, surprising the hell out of his son, who could only frown at him.
Thank you so much for reading, I love you 3000!
Enjoy the chapter!
“Okay” Peter whispered, quickly processing the information (not like he hadn’t known it before, but a reminder was always good) and smiling at his Aunt when she raised a perfect eyebrow towards him, even when he knew it looked more like a grimace “. I got it, Pep, no need to worry”
Enjoy the chapter! It's longer than I'd imagined, but I think you guys will like it!
“One of which is my Godmother” Peter pointed out “. If anything, Nat would be proud of me”
Hiii!
Peter found something in the crime scene... what would it be?
So I finally decided to divide this arc in three chapters; next one will be the last one with Bucky as the 'main problem', per se. It's dramatic, so, don't say I didn't warn you guys
“Peter?” Harry asked, seemingly just realizing Peter was there “. What happened, I…? Peter, I don’t know what’s happening-“
“Knowing that is the first step, Pete” Tony encouraged him, nodding frantically to his words “, and we’re immensely proud of you for realizing so. Look, Baby… we know you’re hurting, and we know you’re hurting more than you can maybe express right now, or maybe more than you realize. You take after us, after all, and your Papa and I know quite a lot about ignoring our own feelings, don’t we? But we know this time around things will be different”
, one where I accept my past and my present. And I haven’t done it just yet, but… I’m getting there. And I wish you were here to see it, but…you not being here is one of the things I have to put as a cement, I guess. Anyway, I just… wanted to catch you up with my life, I guess, show you I remember what today is”
Hi guys!
“Let’s just agree you two saved each other then” the youngest of the three said, interrupting what he knew was endless banter between those two. Peter knew it was playful, and that it was just another way those two had of showing affection and care, but he also knew that if he didn’t put a stop on it they could go for
First off, I'm so sorry for not posting on Saturday. I was on a trip and while I was planning on posting either way, but I couldn't finish the chapter and I wanted to post it when I felt it was somehow good enough. By the way, this is the longest chapter of this story, and I'm not even remotely sorry. Enjoy!
“Peter, you know we’re sorry we didn’t support you, right?” Tony interrupted him, not ungently “. We are sorry, me especially, for the way we acted”
SHURI?
“You wished he would’ve” Steve finished for his kid. Peter nodded at his words, sinking deeper into the mattress “, that things were different”
Ta-da!
“Which is a good thing” Tony reminded his clone “. Kid, after everything you’ve been through… after everything we, as a family, have been through… a bit of quiet time is never a bad thing”
I really hope you guys enjoyed the chapter! I also posted a one-shot, the other day, so check it out!
(See the end of the chapter for
So, sorry for not posting yesterday. I was celebrating my birthday (that was the 11th, but I was still in Toronto, so... I had to celebrate it now), and I didn't have time. And today I went to the cinema with my little cousin to see Mary Poppins, so... if you can, go and see it. It's so beautiful, and Lil-Manuel Miranda is a gift to this world.
So, this chapter starts a few months after Age of Ultron... Steve is reminded of the folder he has in his Studio, and he makes a decision about it...
“Pepper, hey” the Princess smiled, accepting Pepper’s small hug as a greeting.
Peter stayed in silence after that, softly smiling when a cold breeze made its way into the mausoleum. After everything he’d lived with Gods, Alien, and whatever you could name, he’d learned to accept signs, and if anything… accepting the breeze as Harry’s soft message was better than anything else.
“FRIDAY told me he woke up from a nap like ten minutes ago” Shuri informed Pepper “, I was going to visit him, I don’t exactly want him to be alone right now”
Cho was already waiting for him, an urgent look on her face, and let Tony lay Peter in a hospital bed, taking the superhero’s suit in order to inspect his injuries and forcing Tony to step back for a moment, wanting to work in peace.
Peter felt his breath get caught in his throat, and, with shaking hands, he ripped Harry’s mask off, almost crying out loud when he saw how pale the villain was, how much his eyes were slowly starting to lose life, how blood was coating his lower lip.
“I wasn’t expecting anything else” Peter laughed, breaking the hug to be able to look at his Dads in the eyes. Both were looking at him with soft yet worried eyes, smiles big enough to be concerning but small enough to be genuine.
Peter laughed at his Dads, fully knowing both were trying to make it better for him, wanting to give him a good birthday Eve, and for that… he was thankful.
-Few reminders I forgot so say in previous chapters: here, Steve does not fight Peter in Berlin. I'll do a one shot with that situation in the near future, but he didn't do it, for now /Steve didn't know it was Bucky the murderer of the Starks, he only knew it was HYDRA..
Another chapter! The second one of TWS and also the last! It's still pretty much cannon, but a few things change, specially towards the end
(See the end of the chapter for
So, I know some of you might wanna kill me, and it's ok. I said I was going to try to not delay the chapter and I did. However, I want to say it's not what I wanted.
Peter has a nightmare, and his Dads are there for him
By the end of it, Peter’s breathing was coming quickly once again, but this time was due to his tears, which quickly was making him softly sob, and his parents weren’t doing much better.
I hope you all liked it! Next week will be back with team Titan! (on Saturday, tho).
We will be leaving the Titan group for a few chapters, but I'm really excited for the next ones! I really like them... and Bucky's coming! Yay!
“Sure… he should be coming to in the next few minutes” Cho said, gesturing towards the way Peter's room was. Tony and Steve walked to their son’s room, leaving May in the waiting room after the nurse told them she could go in later.
more information than one normal person would have, and the genius strongly suspected Michelle’s boss had known it’d be like that if she wrote it, with her being Peter’s ex and current close friend, which- unfair? Probably a bit, but his father had taught him enough about the press to know it wasn’t weird at all. It also didn’t mean Michelle wasn’t a good reporter on her own - hell, the girl had been at the top of her class at NYU at her internship had almost begged her to accept a job there. However, it was rather disappointing to read, even when a small part of Peter’s brain was also proud of her and her work, knowing Michelle had struggled for a bit after arriving to New York from Chicago.
It's... him
well... I do know I left you guys with a huge cliffhanger, so... sorry about that (lol, not really)
Hi! I hope you guys liked the chapter!
“Because it’s gonna happen” Steve agreed “. Dear, whatever happens next it is gonna hurt our son… think about it: whether he manages to stop this whole thing or not- and we both know he will manage to do so, it’s gonna hurt him”
Quick note though: I'm not going to post this Saturday either, because I'll be away on a trip (going to Oslo this time, yay!), so next chapter will be next Wednesday. Also, this chapter has one of my favorite scenes I've written so far in this AU.
“We’ll make sure he does it” May promised her, already at the side of the super husbands “. Why is his healing system failing now? It has never done it, not like this”
Tony shuddered.
Steve knew that as much as he could go around boasting about how much he has come to know about Tony, Tony knew just as much if not even more about him. So it was not a surprise when Tony crossed his arms and glared playfully at Steve. “I don’t believe you. Hey, Nat! You believe this guy?”
Anyway, if you have any idea you'd like to see in here, you only have to tell me! I'd love to do it!
“Even though we want you to realize it would’ve been okay to ask for help” Steve intervened “. We are your team, the rest of the Avengers are your team as well, and we would’ve followed your orders, no questions asked”
Just remember, before you start reading:
So, the cliffhanger at the end of the last chapter only told you how angsty this one will be, so... enjoy!
“Where is it coming from?” Steve asked, trying to locate him himself. It was hard though; Peter’s body and suit were battered with gashes and burns, and it was dirty all over, both from Peter’s blood and Harry’s. Tony was the first to know the injury that was making his son bleed that much, thanking FRIDAY for being this quick.
hi! so i figured it was time i posted the next part, hehe. i promise i will try to not take this long for the next one!
Alright, Bye!
Tony and Steve knew they had made the right choice, by giving Peter away, but... is everything going to be fine?
Anyway, PLEASE leave a comment so I know you liked it!
“Peter, honey, drop it” MJ said, letting some of the amusement tint her words. She looked at the other two boys and extended her hand “. I said Ned would realize it under five minutes, pay up suckers”
Enjoy the chapter!
How is Peter holding up?
“No” Steve agreed, observing his husband and son with a small smile “, but we can change the way we treat the topic. Pete, we know you didn’t feel comfortable sharing details about your relationship with Harry, but you can do share, ok? This is a safe space”
“Nothing, just… for a moment I was taken back to a time we didn’t have… this, you know?”
“I know, Dad, but what do you want me to do? I have to do this, and only then we can start fixing the mess I’m in right now, so… I have to get through the press conference, and only after that I’ll start to worry about everything else, okay?”
So, really quick (and kind of important): I'm going on a trip on Thursday. I'll be with my choir for more than a week and then I'll be with my family. The trip is long, yes haha. Fortunately, I'm bringing my laptop with me, so the story will continue, don't worry guys. HOWEVER, I'm not sure if I'll have wifi -or at least, good wifi- with my choir, so next chapter can be later than usual. If so, sorry! I'm sure I'll have wifi, once I am with my family, so there's that. And I'm almost sure I'll have it with my choir, but I want to warn you guys.
Oooopppsss...
Alright, see you soon (on Saturday, I promise)
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
I swear, I always feel like I want to say something here and I never remember haha
PLEASE leave comments and kudos, I need to know if you guys like this story! See you soon!
And that's all for today!
And his Uncle Bucky knows something's wrong
“That he… passed?” Steve asked, trying to be as gently as possible.
“Regardless” Bucky intervened, trying to call all parties down “, Peter’s strong, and I’m sure Doctor Cho can work miracles, alright? So let’s just… sit down and wait for news”
Ned nodded against his neck, and broke the hug, letting everyone else hug Peter as well. Harley almost threw himself at his surrogate brother, him having known a bit more than the rest thanks to Tony informing him of Peter’s state, but still worried. Michelle also hugged him tightly to her body, murmuring how big of an idiot Peter could be.
I can't promise when the next chapter will be, because I want to make the last chapters as special as possible, and I do have a surprise for the last one... so I hope to see you soon, and I promise I'll make it count!
Bam, chapter is done!
Steve and Tony are back
Tony just wanted a normal morning, a normal day...
“A bit” Peter agreed, silently laughing at his Auntie’s struggle to stay out of the Avengers business. She hadn’t
… and they called him kid.
The villain started to breathe faster and harder at that; short puffs of air coming from his mouth and tinting his lips crimson, the sight of it enough to make Peter feel sick to his stomach. He looked at Peter then, confused.
But, what is she going to do? And how did she find out, anyway?
“You’re moving back to Wakanda” Peter gently reminded her “, and I am staying here, and I just… I can’t move there, not really. People need me here, just like they need you in Wakanda, and I think it… wouldn’t make complete sense if one of us moved permanently to the other’s home country”
“I don’t care if you deserve it” Peter shrugged, ignoring the pain that caused him. It was becoming increasingly difficult for him to speak, and every bit of his mind was telling him to go to a medic, but he just couldn’t leave, not yet “… I think you should have it. I don’t want you to go with hate in your heart”
PETER FINALLY KNOWS WHO HIS PARENTS ARE!  Gosh, I was dying to post this, although I'm scared to do so, too. So, PLEASE tell me what you guys thought.
Chapter done!
Anyway, enjoy the chapter!
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re welcome, by the way, that part was my idea,” Harley said, smiling brightly at the still fuming Ned.
And so, the chapter is done!
Cho went back into the room when the clock was dangerously close to ten a.m and all the occupants of it were already awake, anxious for having to wait that long for any type of news. The Doctor didn’t seem surprised at the number of people who were there, clearly already used to see them wait for one of their own to be declared healthy, or at least stable. She chose to look at Steve and Tony, waiting for them to stand up and get closer to her before opening her mouth.
(See the end of the chapter for
So maybe they have to use Plan B
Okay, so... hi, hehehehe
Hi! Back to my second to last chapter of this book!
Peter tells his Dads he's broken up with MJ
“Oh my God” Ned whispered “, Peter’s… bleeding out”
So sorry for the irregular updates; don't worry, this Saturday I will post again, so we're back on track. Enjoy this chapter and please, DON'T forget to leave a comment to let me know what you thought of the chapter!
okay i love you all 3000! bye!
Bucky was aware of what day it truly was. Most likely, the older of the two had probably asked FRIDAY to notify him of Peter’s presence, already knowing the young man would go to the Tower to get some of his energy off “. So” he said after nearly ten minutes “, care to tell me what’s bothering you, Jay?”
“I can’t!” Spider-Man yelled back, and threw Green Goblin to the ground, starting to roll on the ground to force him to stay down “. And see, that’s what you’ve never understood, Harry. I can’t give it up, I can’t give anything up, you understand now? Not even if I want to, I can’t”
“Sam says so, too” Peter laughed, shaking his head at his Uncles antics. Despite everything, though, Peter wouldn’t trade them for anything… and he knew those two were incredibly good for the other “. Did they tell you when they’re coming back, by any chance? Because I haven’t heard a thing”
Okay, I think that's all, lmao. If you need to ask something, feel free to do so!
Hey guys,
The chapter is done. As I already said to some of you, Bucky is still an important part of the story, so the fact that Peter and he are not talking yet, and the fact that Peter knows Bucky kept that huge secret from him, is something that will be coming up in the next chapters. So look forward to that, if you want!
How will Peter react to that?
Peter has made up his mind...
Please review! Love you 3000! (also, I'm kinda writing a new -and shorter- story, so, yeah... it'll take a while, but it's slowly being written hehe)
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Hi guys!
Will they be fine?
Omg, it has been a while since the last time I did a cliffhanger that evil (and good lol). I really hope you guys liked the chapter! Also, please don't kill me!
PLEASE comment what you thought about the chapter and the first encounter between the guy and Peter! Also, if any of you has any idea of who could it be, feel free to tell me!
You can find this fic translated to Russian here: https://ficbook.net/readfic/7963608
Anyways, this is a one shot! Pretty long, but with IW I had so much motivation lmao. Enjoy!!
Today I did an exam I'd been preparing for WEEKS! I feel like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders... anyway, the moment I was done, I mapped out the rest of the book, which I can confirm it'll have 66 chapters. Maybe there's one more, who knows... depends on writing and editing. I'm also trying to think about the sequel and what I want to happen in it. Do you guys still want me to do it?
