You’re having sleep paralysis, said the logical part of his brain, these, the sounds, are a hallucination caused by your superstitions and your vulnerable state.
A year after the release and still, no one has been able to beat him.
They quietly made it up back up to the shared kitchen, Steve holding the gun, being the one with better aim for things like this. Tony was right behind him, peeking around to see what was going on.
He could… Sneak in?
Steve looked stricken, “He’s dead?”
“Don’t you worry about me,” Steve kissed his temple, once they found enough energy to leave the bed, “we’ll find a way. I know a genius that could help.”
Suddenly his blue eyes were so much closer than before, kneeling with Tony on the damp grass. Wide eyed and hyperventilating, his shaking hands got a hold of his own blond strands pulling with a ferocity that made Tony flinch.
He was haunted by the moaning cries of a nameless, shapeless Omega in his dreams, whenever he drifted off. Just out of his reach. Where he couldn’t comfort them, scrambled like the useless Alpha that he was.
They had met at some kind of half-official function. Tony had been desperate to shake off the business people droning around him and had walked out onto a balcony he thought to be empty.
Warmth. For a moment, his cold hand leached the glorious heat from the wall. It took a sharp turn in the warm vanilla that surrounded him and a bang that resounded throughout the house to bring Steve back into the reality where walls were not inexplicably warm.
Steve won’t survive. He feels it in his bones as he keeps himself straight and moving against the biting cold of the night. At least, he says, at least there is no wind. Air, even at standstill, bites at his hands and feet. His face, his nose and ears went numb long ago.
The blonde throws his head back in laughter, “What’s for lunch?”
Steve stopped. Listened. That was not an echo of the sound of the hammer. In fact, the hammer had barely made any sound.
His empty kitchen looked back at him. But the smell, God, the smell hit him like a sledgehammer.
Oh God, he’s going to kill Ty, Tony thought. But he couldn’t bring himself to care.
He tried to will his body to move, to get out of the house. He was bolted to this place, an almost palpable weight on his shoulders keeping him there. One hand still on the nail, embedded into the wall and hammer in the air.
Tony scrambled to the other side, all on fours, scrambling between doing something like standing up proudly in front of him to cut his way and throwing himself on the ground, hugging his leg and begging for him to stay.
“I’m not worried about myself,” Steve lifted his head up to look at him, his eyes were bleary, the anger was drained out of them, “I’m just-” He cut off, crawling up a little to give Tony a slow kiss, licking at his lips lightly, “You know what I’m worried about. If they wanted you out of the company once, they won’t stop now because their first plan backfired.”
“I’m calling them, they can be here in an hour.”
“It’s okay!” Tony squeaked, “I could carry you if you wanted to become a frog again.” This was a dream, so it probably didn’t matter if he said stupid things. Right? Were toadstools toxic? He couldn’t remember if he ever touched them.
hey there my dear captain, don't you worry about the city
“Yea, yea,” had responded Steve, more to himself, “You tell that to every challenger I bet.”
“You like- Wait, you like cat kibbles? You never told me that either!”
“Stone’s lost a very important asset, surely.”
Tony flinched.
Steve had taken his morning coffee and had headed to the porch, trying to familiarize himself with the neighbourhood. He had looked around the little neat rows of houses as he held the scalding mug, no matter how much he wanted to go back inside to the little kitchen table that he knew, to what was familiar. This is your home now, he had said to himself, suck it up, get used to it.
Steve Rogers comes out shining golden under the late afternoon sun and
Until they had to send the goat away of course.
“Who was that beautiful brunette you were seeing- Ah! Bain’s daughter!”
Steve held the door open for him, both there and inside.
He pulled Steve up, hand tangled in his hair and kissed him, hot and desperate, “Steve.”
God, Steve really needed to tear down that wallpaper.
Tony smiles, “You don’t look too bad yourself,” he whispers, “I’m going to kiss you now.” Their lips connect in a soft movement, as Steve carries them to the bathroom, setting Tony down on the counter.
Tony woke up to an unfamiliar, empty flat with his eyes crusted and mouth sour. He slowly dragged himself upright on the bare mattress he was on; memories of last night trying to make a come back, take over his mind.
At least him being out of it and somewhere else on a morning without leaving a notice wasn’t anything new.
Obie had used his you have a responsibility voice and maybe Tony was being paranoid but now that he had Steve.
They scrambled to lay on the bed in a tangle of limbs. Tony took Steve into his arms, Steve’s head laying on his chest, arms clutched behind him.
Tony dried them both with fluffy towels with the tags still on. Steve was shivering still but he looked more alert, more present. Tony dressed them both, tucked Steve under blankets and cuddled, head on his chest, listening to his breathing.
They didn’t even get naked. Tony fumbled with Steve’s sweatpants and his own zipper as Steve worried the skin of his neck between his teeth. He took them both into his hand but once he started touching Steve’s cock, he couldn’t bring himself to hurry.
When they reached the apartment, Steve ran his thumb over his hand, brought it to his lips to kiss once before letting him go to unlock the door.
He checks himself out in the mirror one last time. Fixes his hair and washes his hands once again. The grease under his nails will never be fully gone probably but he can try. Make an effort. Yeah.
But that’s ridiculous. Right?
He’s got one shot. One opportunity. Mom’s spaghetti. Whatever.
Well. Tony had been taken.
“He scares you,” Steve whispered.
“But look, look!”
Apart from Tony.
“Tony,” Steve’s arms tightened around him.
“He’ll be fine! And you do know Nat can’t cook either.” Tony retaliates, rather playfully.
He sighed, “Steve, worst case, Obie probably knows I looked at the video. They probably want me to know that they know I looked at the video. We’re going by that they don’t know who you are yet but if they really set their mind to it they will find out. Howard’s stuff about you is still somewhere in that house.”
Dropping his shoulders as if he could hide from his own outburst, Steve lowered his voice, “No. Ah- No. It’s just that-” he whispered, his eyes still on the long line at the counter, “There was blood and I- I had wiped but I should- Don’t leave. Right? You won’t leave if I-”
It took a moment for Tony to register what he was asking permission for, “Yes, baby. Steve, come inside me baby, come on.”
And the reason had come out once they had sat down in an obscure little coffee shop that Steve had chosen, milky porcelain cups in hand.
Iron Man; or whomever is behind him, pauses for a moment, “I mean since I was born, yeah.”
And now it’s too late to do anything about it, Steve thinks to himself ruefully. At least he doesn’t own anything that requires a mechanic, really. That, he thinks, had to have been enough to escape from the possible mortification of facing the guy again.
He ducked into an alley with two huge trash cans, close enough that he could have feasibly walked by himself in the night but far enough that it might have slipped away in an area sweep. He sat himself down between the cans, and dialed.
Steve laughs, “People still send snail mail?” They fell the entire Skrull band between the two of them. A little experience points marker pops up on Steve’s screen.
With newfound enthusiasm, Steve went to look for his tool box.
So, Steve thinks, why don’t I just have fun. He stops trying to calculate his chances to get in another hit and formulates the places where he can take cover. He just wants to talk to Iron Man, just a little bit more. And he finds himself genuinely curious about what he will say. Iron Man is an AI. A game AI. He can’t be that good. Not at everything at the same time.
“Because I think you should.”
“She did write the statement.”
God, but Obie did run everything and Tony hadn’t even stopped to question it. He thought Obie cared. He couldn’t understand no one had cared. He had had nothing to compare Obie to. God, he had to do something but what, what, what?
In no time, its features become more pronounced. The arms, the legs. The blue light it emits. Steve can hear the humming the repulsors produce with his enchanced hearing.
It had been new. The relationship. Before Steve went and did almost everything in the book that would fucking ruin a relationship. The thought of being able to maybe salvage a piece of that was the only thing that kept Steve going. There was a slight tint of light blue to the horizon now. If he could only stay up long enough for the sun to reach him. Warm him once more…
Iron Man laughs, “Well, uh, shouldn’t you have done that before the fight?”
They needed to plan. They needed some kind of security net to fall back to. Tony had no idea why the hell Obie wanted him to be there for the dinner. He couldn’t remember the last time he saw Ty’s father. He couldn’t remember the last time Obie ever wanted him to be present for anything anywhere other than places where cameras were present.
If Tony could measure his heart beat right now, it’d be in triple digits. He knows how to make Steve tick, but God, could Steve leave him desperate, panting and begging for more.
Tony puts his hands over his ears and squeezes his eyes shut, “Don’t spoil it!!” He kisses Steve again and wipes away Steve’s own tears. “I won’t be going as Captain America’s wife. I will not.”
It was visceral. A loud thump echoed in the room, making Steve jump out of his skin. Then the entire kitchen was filled with the pungent smell he remembered from the day before.
“I- Anyone. Someone is bound to catch up to me at some point. If the government finds out-”
As his Color of the Consort, Steve had picked blue. Some sizeable sapphires had appeared on his crown the day before the coronation. It had been a small thing apparently, Color of the Consort, more formality than any real meaning to it.
He went to the living room, but there, the room just smelled like linseed oil from his fluid white mixture. He returned to the kitchen, trying to catch the smell.
“Tony!” Steve wipes a hand over his face, “that’s what you-” He sighs. “I just- I loved what we had! And then you said how it was nice to be with someone down to earth and kind of low-key and I panicked and then things got out of hand and I just kept saying I was going to tell you later and later and that later just- Never came I guess.”
Tony wanted to turn, but he couldn’t move. The asphalt under his face got gradually damper with warm blood trickling in. Somewhere in his mind he knew this was a lot of blood. Too much blood.
Doubting his own fucking sense of smell when it had been trying to tell him there was an Omega in distress right under his nose.
And now he was sitting here, looking at his prepped canvas going to waste as he thought about a nameless, faceless Omega who died three years ago in this very house.
Tony snorted, “Something like that.” He sighed, “To be fair, I don’t think when Howard left the company rights to him, he didn’t actually expect he would die before I made it to twenty one, you know. But, oh well. I think- I thought I was hiding it well but I think he knew about Ty long before. I think he knew how bad he was to me,” Tony shivered involuntarily, “I think he- They set me up with him.”
So in the end, it had taken his tired-to-the-bone-from-moving brain about three days to realize the mechanic hadn’t been making fun of him when they had been introduced but instead, had been kind of hitting on him. Possibly. Or he is just friendly like that. But Steve is ready to bet the guy had been flirting. With him. Maybe.
“I knew, you know,” Tony started after a while, shaking hands rubbing Steve’s back, “I knew he was trying to keep me out of the company. I knew-” He took a deep breath, “I didn’t care, I guess, I don’t know. I wasn’t going to fully inherit anything until I was twenty one anyway, so… God,” he chuckled humorlessly, “You’d think someone would be more worried about his godson’s cocaine addiction.”
Inside of the apartment, while clean, was a mess. Tony looked around, trying to work out what box belonged to what furniture. It smelt like stale cardboard inside. Steve, on the other hand, looked a bit overwhelmed, still holding the strap of his duffel bag with one hand, standing at the door.
So, here is the plan.
In the end he comes up with an extremely personalized boss arena. He’s aware that for someone who plays differently, the gaming experience in this home baked arena would be pretty shitty. But hell, he hasn’t been given any instructions.
Iron Man sputters and at that moment Steve has a dawning suspicion that he might not actually be an AI.
And Steve is about to try exactly that. For the first time. Ever.
Steve chuckles and brushes Tony’s stray hairs away, “It’ll be fine, seeing you later tonight will make us forget all about our day.”
Tony had nodded. It had made sense that he didn’t want to leave with Tony right away that night. And well, it had been a subject they could both vent to each other about. It had helped them bond, in a way.
Tony is left all by himself in front of the door, suddenly feeling disappointed. Well, what did he expect?
That’s- That’s not exactly what Steve sets out to say. He’s not even sure what exactly solidifies the thought in his head; whether it’s the hexagonal beam, the human-like responses, the speech patterns… Or Iron Man waiting for him, calling him by a nickname.
The little clink is... Unexpected.
“Can I kiss you?”
“It’s alright,” Tony voice was so small, it would have gotten lost anywhere. Anywhere else but here, in the foggy silence of Central Park in the morning. Tony’s brain went on a tangent, working overtime. It was Maria’s line, wasn’t it. Why had it come out like that? Tony used to hate it. Maria used to be the de-escalator in every fight, always calm and collected. Tony used to hate that, how he could look at Howard’s drunk, red face and say- Why did it come out like that? Out of his mouth? “It’s alright,” he said again, firmer, a long ingrained instinct of generational conditioning.
Tony wants to say maybe Rogers saw into him that day, somehow knew Tony’s track record. The short and failed relationships. The bad decisions and the mistakes. Just how Tony failed to make any partner happy, failed to be enough so that they would stay...
But there was nothing. Steve couldn’t sleep anyway.
“Cooking? For who? Tony, what are you planning?” She crosses her arms emphasising her point.
One dinner. He could make it. For Steve.
And it would also be weird to act like nothing happened. Which, at this moment, really doesn’t solve his problem of hoarding the man’s equipment in his own house.
Clank!!
He’s had it. A goose is a glorified duck. Tony will not hear anything else on this matter. Also a goose definitely does not need one flat head and three Phillips head screwdrivers; two pliers, one needle nose and one grooved; a roll of blue painter’s tape, in mint condition; wire cutters; one putty knife; one medium sized hammer and two bananas.
He’s about to go crazy. Just a little more pacing and thinking and he will be intellectually stunted forever, only being able to think about Steve Rogers.
And then they talked about more personal details. Steve’s insecurities from when he was dealing with asthma and was as thin as a stick that never quite left. Tony’s inability to pay attention to anybody or anything but his craft for more than two seconds that drove all his ex-es away.
Steve smiled wistfully, playing with a hole in the plastic cover he was sitting on, “Loud, flirty, reckless. He was,” he sighed, “annoying. But he was a good man.”
“Let’s bake this!”
It shook Tony; how careful with him Steve was, how gentle. He had seen Steve crush a man’s skull with his bare hands. Just the pull of his fingertips had strained the tacked and sown in edges of upholstery. Yet here he was, softly kissing his hair, holding him under his arm.
Though it wasn’t really anyone else’s, was it. These were his walls now.
Even Howard had found Maria on his first day. Tony could still remember how Howard had been when his mother was alive. Now though, both of them were gone and Tony was all alone in the Avenger Forest with not a single soul in sight.
He looked at the rows and rows of continuous A’s and G’s his forehead created. He would find a way, he was going to. He had to. He had seen Howard’s firewalls, they were good but not unbreakable. Especially after so many years. He needed something that would change. Adapt as time went on and coding languages changed and code breakers evolved. Steve’s security depended on that. The security of his identity depended on that.
Tony started weeping again, almost inaudible, but Steve was so close now. So fine tuned to catch those little whispers.
“There used to be a toy store,” Steve pointed to a brick and mortar that was now a high end boutique, “It was real fancy stuff. We wouldn’t come to this part of the town much when I was little, but sometimes,” he sighed wistfully as they left the boutique behind, “Even after I outgrew toys I’d come here to look at their displays. They’d always have these puzzle boxes out of dark, polishes wood. Wonder what happened to that shop.”
Tony giggled.
He wanted to run his hands all over Steve, over his chest, from his wide shoulders to his biceps. But not like this, not now. He needs me, Tony thought, he needs me to help him now.
“Do you also have a tail?”
Steve has been fighting, he has actually been fighting for almost three hours now. His hand is cramping. His back is killing him. His health potions are gone and he only has about 15% of his health left. He checks out his mana meter refilling at an alarmingly slow rate. He cannot get another hit. He cannot. He’ll die.
He repeated the name, putting an edge of Alpha into his voice, “Tony.”
“A programming language?”
“Yeah, okay, love you.”
“Steve?” Tony stood at the entrance of the common kitchen area of the Avengers Tower and tried to make sense of what he was seeing, “Is that… A goat?”
Throughout the house, burnt vanilla tickled his nose. Steve tried to make sense of it, tried to find where it was coming from. Pressed his nose to the floorboards, to the wallpaper he still couldn’t find the courage to tear down; breathed in that damp smell that rubbed him the wrong way.
Until a series of events had triggered those buried feelings, how unfair it was that his mother had died young when other people just… Kept on living. Undeservedly.
Tony was going to make it count.
Steve pushes his head into his hand. Just like a cat. And starts purring.
“No!” Tony shouts, making both of them flinch. Then schools his voice into something more appropriate, “I mean I didn’t,” he flails, pointing up the hill he came from, “my house is just over there so, I don’t know, I didn’t think I’d need it honestly. So I can’t really- I mean, your number- I can give you mine?”
JARVIS spoke, “Sirs, if I may-”
He was brought back to present with two pings.
Thump.
Then his eyes catch on Steve’s blond locks and little ears. And he thinks, I can do that now.
Steve had been sitting in front of his easel, fluid white drying on the empty canvas as his brain did nothing but play the conversation with his new neighbor from earlier again and again, focused on one single fact: He had died in this house, the Omega.
Tony took his other hand and placed a kiss on top of it’s scarred knuckles as he reached for the phone, “It’s all right baby. Steve?” He kissed Steve’s hand one more time, “Let me hear what he’s got to say, okay? I’ll make something up.”
Heart in his mouth, Tony observed him from afar. Like a fucking creep, the thought, but then pushed that down.
Rather on cue, there’s a gentle knock on the door and a certain redhead walks in, ever so elegant and gentle. “Hey, you ready?” Nat smiles, walking over to her girlfriend.
Steve laughed, put his head in the crook of his neck, laid on top of him, engulfing Tony completely, “Let’s stay in bed today, until you have to- have to leave,” he sucked on the thin skin behind his ear, “give me this.”
But Tony had grown as an impulsive person in the last couple of years. He had learned to pick and choose his battles. Approach things… More critically and in a calculated manner. Be impulsive responsibly.
“But the +4 shield,” Steve rolled his shoulders, “How do you know people would be interested in, like, things I make? Like I’m sure Stark Industries gets like, hundreds of portfolios every week.”
In the end, it was like the goat incident had never happened. On the outside. Tony though, knew he had a much bigger problem at hand now.
Tony was annoyed at himself now that he didn’t wait a little bit more to buy the furniture. He had wanted the apartment to look like someone was indeed moving in after the cleaning, for the neighbours to see. If he had waited he could have gotten Steve an actual drawing table that angled and shit. Well, he still could. Maybe.
Steve gave up. He sat down in the middle of the stairs, put his head into his hands.
He scrambled away from the wall, almost toppling over the banister in his panic, hitting his midriff in a way that would surely leave a nasty bruise. He couldn’t scream. He couldn’t make a sound or produce a thought. He ran upstairs in a frenzy, got into his bedroom and slammed the door closed.
“Stealing is bad, you know?” Steve looks at it accusingly.
He sags, “In the end it’s either because I can’t eat most of the things or because I get up at 3AM full of energy or because I like actual cat kibbles as a snack- It just gets too much and things fall apart and no one even sticks around for the benefits,” he scoffs.
A soft pair of lips are on his, hungry, beautifully soft and so so warm. “I thought you misspoke, I thought it was a mistake, I didn’t even think much about it, but then for some reason I really understood. And..”
Tony has never been a businessman. Not even his old man was that much of a one. That role was always Obie’s. But they both had drilled one thing into Tony’s mind early on, no matter how brilliant your idea was, if you weren’t fast enough, someone else would think of it too eventually.
They smell burning. It smells like the sausages.
On the other hand, Iron Man seems… He seems genuinely interested in the things Steve comes up with. He brings feedback from other fights, gives his opinions about the different area types in the game, is willing to “trial and error” stuff that Steve and him throw together on a whim.
Still, it wasn’t the same as seeing it all in real life.
The moment he got up and got free, details rushed to him. Blood. Everywhere. Slick on the floor. Warm, covering his hands, arms up to his elbows. Soaking into Stone’s shirt and pants, his arm bent in the middle of his forearm at an unnatural angle.
“No. That’s for your health.”
“Tony,” Steve looked up at him. His face was stony as ever, but his voice was reverent.
He strolls down the little path after the toddling white bum, listening to the sound of the chain rolling on the ground without paying much attention to where he’s actually going.
Still, the most compelling part of the game is the last main story mission, the last boss of the game: Iron Man.
He could take Stone. For Steve. Then only thing that was left would be that detective Stone talked about but that was for later.
He knew the drill.
“To be fair, it’s very… You. I don’t think a rando would have as much luck in here.”
“Not a rotary?” Tony laughed when Steve shot him an accusatory look, “but look, this one has a button!”
Obie could get someone to track his phone. Obie could get someone to literally follow him. He had never stopped and thought about how much of his life Obie had taken under control. His cards went through Obie because he was drunk most of the time wasn’t he, so were his friends, what if someone stole it.
If Steve hadn’t been sold on his humanness before, now he is. And he’s not quite sure what to do with this information. Is there a person hired to direct Iron Man? Is there a team? This one seems to know Steve and the previous match.
i’ve been through worse than this too
“No. No, nothing like that, but God, I have to see you, okay? I have to talk to you. I’m coming back, just stay there, alright?”
He has made the calculations. Ran the numbers. The goose cannot be hiding its stolen goodies anywhere too far. First of all, it’s a goose. With short legs. And it has been seen stealing stuff that was too heavy for it to fly with. Second of all, it’s always around. So considering the time it would need to steal, leave, stash and come back; it’s probably hiding its stuff in some unseen but not unreachable and definitely not far away place.
“Snippy?,” a groggy voice from the doorway, causes Tony to peek his head up from behind the counter.
The idea comes from Iron Man who wants to include more world elements into his boss arena but also, he tells Steve in the privacy of the boss arena chat, that there is a new boss they are working on that will come with the season pass and that one will have three or four phases simulating in-game areas.
“Of course,” the elevator arrives at the penthouse, “Enjoy the evening, Sir.” With a soft ping, the doors slide open.
To hell with it, Steve thought, you were so ready to take on the netherworld, face your own reality now.
Unlike breakfast, lunch comes along much smoother, his chicken is tender and the salad is crunchy and yummy. Hopefully, Steve would like this more. Of course, it wouldn’t be complete without some soft drink that Steve likes. This week's interest was Diet Coke. WHO drinks Diet Coke?? God that’s ridiculous. Just drink the coke.
Obviously, livestock veterinary care couldn’t be found in the city, or in any city, Tony assumed, so they called in a professional in at a ridiculously high price but at least Steve was happy and no longer wringing his hands, going on and on about blocked bowels. Oh, also the entire common area now smelt like a medieval barn and the goat had made a sizeable dent in the salt lamp.
“Okay, I’ll be back in a few.”
“Meh,” Tony petted Cap Tsum, “I was just tinkering anyway.”
They make their way down to the conference room, and Tony pulls his best puppy eyes, “Take me out of here.”
He is surprised, really, that he hasn’t thought of this before. He’s a genius. Supposedly. Self-proclaimed but still... It’s just that, the monotone but deafeningly loud and repetitive honks of the creature are so damn disheartening that he just… Gave up. Before even trying.
“So,” Tony turned to the impostor. Clearly, this was an impostor, “Who are you and what have you done to Captain America?”
Steve nodded mutely once again, looking at the thick paper that covered the walls, creased in some places. He could remodel to his heart’s content once everything was done.
“The truth is, I am Iron Man.”
Leaning back to the headboard, he lost himself in the work as the sun slowly set outside, painting the room first a warm orange, then gradually a cool purple that faded into darkness. Tony didn’t bother with the lights. Darkness, coupled with the intense light of the laptop helped him focus with the background faded into abyss.
Tony smiles and looks up, “Of course, I just had an idea,” he says, taking a sip of his ridiculously expensive champagne. If Steve asks the price, he’d bump it down a few hundred.
“No! No, I-” Steve shrugs. “I guess it’s because- It happened too many times, you know. I didn’t want to lose what we had. I didn’t want to lose you.”
Tony closed the compiler and opened a browser instead. His code wasn’t coming together. The vacation thing Obie had said wouldn’t leave his brain alone. But he would deal with all of that later. It was time for some retail therapy.
“I like it. The salad was crunchy and the chicken was lovely. Well done Tones.” Steve smiles and wipes his mouth with his napkin, “You did great.”
He was aware that this could go very wrong. He could just end up dead in a ditch, which would have been the exact opposite of what he set out to do. Though that did seem a bit out there, as rational fears go when meeting Captain America. Still...
Steve is pissed.
Tony suddenly straightened, “Steve, not here, come on.” He pressed another his to his brow, “Let’s go home.”
Tony tried to tune him out. Think. So Obie had went to deal with Steve. Even if he had a gun, Steve could take down Obie. So Obie was either already dead or about to be. Which left him with Stone here. Stone was taller than him. Heavier than him. But kitchen. Kitchen was right behind Tony and Stone was too wrapped up in his monologue to realize Tony wasn’t listening.
“I don’t think it works that way sweetheart,” Steve pulls Tony towards the elevator. If it’s left to him, they will never be leaving this room ever again.
“Yeah,” Tony nodded, “he’s dead.” He got off from his box, sat down beside Steve and leaned on his shoulder.
Steve slumps, “I do.”
Steve smiles. Wrapping his hands around Tony’s waist from behind, coos just like he did for Dum-E and he plants a kiss on his head, “Don’t call him trash pile, you’ll hurt his feelings.”
Steve leaned over too, his alarmingly quick anger forgotten, his hand reached to touch Tony’s cold pinky.
“Mhm,” he opens his mouth and sticks his toothbrush in to brush his teeth. “Not romantic at all.”
He had gotten to experience that, a hug. Not for sex, not for photos and appearances. Just, held. And he couldn’t remember that. Just his luck.
Little did he know, this would become a long running joke between him and his husband for years to come.
Still, he braced himself for surprises before lifting his hammer and bringing it down on the nail in a solid hit.
“We do, Sir. Although starting from scratch does increase authenticity.”
Suddenly Steve is full of questions and he doesn’t even know if he can ask them. He puts his head into his hands and tries to process everything and their implications, the game forgotten.
And then the Iron Man had laughed, laughed and said, “Well, maybe that was too cliche, even for me. I do like myself a feisty challenger though.”
“Huh, it’s almost like I’m familiar with that dynamic.” He steps forward and kisses both of their cheeks before walking out the door.”
“Fuck you,” mutters Tony, looking after him once again. He rubs his forehead.
“Tones, that sounds like a dream, but you know Pepper will march right up here and drag her with you. Oh and I’m scared of Natasha, so I don’t want to have my butt kicked by her because we’ve been skipping team meetings.”
Steve turned to him, laying sideways, “What else is there to do?”
Steve takes the hefty bag of tools into his hands. Takes a deep breath. Now or never, now or never, he repeats from inside, be brave for yourself for one second.
Steve’s hands tightened around him once more, “Drinking doesn’t affect me, even the most potent drug doesn’t stay in my system more than an hour. At first I tried running but that didn’t cut it,” he choked on a humorless laugh, “I tried boxing but it just reminded me of Bucky. Then again there are only so many underground rinks that will accept you after you accidentally killed two or three thugs in a row. I hid in plain sight, I could do that before you. But maybe the way I lived was killing me from the inside out,” he looked at Tony, eyes sparkling with unshed tears.
It takes Tony every single ounce of self control in his body not to say I’d like your sausage more. Instead he keeps chopping up shallots as evenly as he can while Steve takes a step back and looks at the chopping board with discontent.
Steve went inside without looking after the moving truck. Sat down onto a box marked “BOOKS” in big blocky letters and sighed. His body slumped down like that last breath had been the only thing keeping him upright, like an inflatable prop.
Empty schedules? Check. Avengers other than Cap and himself on emergency duty? Check. Late lunch reservation? Check. He had even informed Pep about clearing his corporate duties this time.
Steve closed his eyes, only stopping himself from planting face first in the tacky canvas at the last moment, as he slumped over. You’re projecting, he said to himself, stop projecting.
Steves checks out the frankly impressive pile of tools and knick-knacks the big bird carried into his house over the course of weeks. He sighs, he needs to do something about this. He needs to be brave. He can take his stuff to the guy. He can-
“Bye, doll.” Steve kisses Pepper’s cheek and heads towards his own dreadful meeting.
Steve’s midnight snack mission had now turned into a “be unseen but also get a little glimpse of what’s going on” mission. He felt like a kid, giddy, trying to hide behind the wall.
There, on one of the larger toadstools, sat a frog. But it didn’t look like any other frog, it was… It was a really cute frog, it-
It had been occupied by a blond cutie who had been wearing a blue beanie on top of his suit and tie.
And then the entire thing with Thor and his intergalactic daddy issues had happened.
“Stone is coming to dinner apparently.”
It wasn’t a sudden thing, images came to him slowly, detached. But he could recall seeing Steve’s eyes like this. He could remember seeing his face that first night, transmuted into a twitching mask with cold, cold rage. Mind transported to another dimension that called him to hit and smash and rip and burn. And he could remember it, however hazy.
Well, Tony was going to have to get used to not seeing Obie as the father he never had.
“No! No!! You rotund little shit! Come back- Ow!”
It didn’t quite feel like insulation. It certainly wasn’t just foam. But Steve wasn’t going to rip the walls apart to find that out. The house was… Well, homemade in a sense. If they had used some unconventional material, Steve wasn’t going to mess with that unless it caused problems.
Steve growled.
The door opens, and TheCaptain is let in. The fight starts.
His face fell when Tony commented on that.
The main room was lived in. Steve had put everything in here, not bothering to fill up the other two rooms. The unmade bed, now with a proper frame that had drawers, covered the most area. Tony threw his jacket and laptop bag onto it. The small study table was at the foot of it, long side looking to the windows, with notebooks neatly piled.
An uncomfortable silence came over them. Tony trembled, still stiff against his chest. He was in a tank top and some ratty sweatpants. The house was cold with the windows constantly open. Steve knew he should bring him something to wear.
The rest is a bit of a blur. Steve tries to take the fork from Dum-E while it tries to return it to the drawer and Tony tries to make sure a carving fork is not how Steve meets his end. In the end, one of the prongs catches onto Steve’s beanie, pulling it clean off his head.
He slumped in relief, “Sorry that I panicked,” he walked up to the tree to scoop up his boyfriend in the Tsum form, “JARVIS didn’t say anything about visitors.”
He went up to the door. Locked it once, twice. Ran to the windows and closed the hatches.
Tony turned around to press his lips against Steve’s, ran his hands through his hair, “And I cannot lose you, God, Steve. I have to go back at some point anyway, both for my own things and Howard’s old files. Let today be it, I’ll see what they want, pick up some stuff,” he shrugged, “Easy peasy.”
This time he stands up to make yet another coffee.
Steve slowly pushed away the covers. Bare footed, he slowly crept to the door, pressed his ear to the wood. Listened.
“I’m cold,” had whispered Steve, under scalding water, air inside the bathroom so warm and humid it had been hard to breathe, “I can’t feel my feet.”
Tony watched him wait in line and vibrated with the knowledge that he, yes this man, was alive, right now, going about his daily life. He was real. He was really Captain America and he was there and real.
Tony laughs, “That’s quite the challenge.”
It was just that no one ever lit him on fire like Steve before. His personal fairytale superhero.
“Let’s,” Steve responds, taking his head, as they walk towards the elevator. “I’ll drop you off.”
“Yeah, Sunset and I aren’t really close anymore,” Tony had cut him off, “I’ll think about it Obie.”
Whenever he had closed his eyes he heard Elvis Presley and thump, thump, thump, crunch. And it seemed like Obie was more inconvenienced by Ty’s death than anyone else, so Tony played into it. Went around the mansion with its fucking dim lights like he had no idea what to do.
It’s been really hard. Moving. Leaving a big city like New York and coming to a small town. Wondering if it will work out, if you’ll be able to make it. Get used to it. But staying in Brooklyn had became harder and harder after I had lost my mother. But also I had never lived anywhere else before. All my life; the same neighbourhood, same faces, same places...
Aha, deviation tactics, typical AI, “I have been here for three hours, I want to go out in style.”
They have Discord set up. He has his Discord, oh God, Steve has IronMan’s actual Discord. And hearing Iron Man’s voice, out of the game, without the in-game modulators is weird at first. He doesn’t sound like how Steve imagined he would. He sounds just as cocky as his character does. And he sounds human, normal. Steve thinks he likes that voice.
It was almost like a wave of sound. There, but not really. Muffled. Still, loud in the way that alarms and alert signals are. Danger, danger, danger.
Steve chuckles, “That’s alright Tony, I have to go now, I’ll see you soon, alright?”
Tony wears a shirt and then realizes what he’s doing and takes it off. He’s not wearing a button up shirt to walk fifteen minutes,get his tools and come back. That’s a little too much. A little.
He can figure out the openings in the attacks and defences of any opponent under five minutes. If it’s an AI, even shorter. He categorizes playing styles, weapon and armor choices, tactics and terrain in an almost tangible separate folder from the rest of his brain. In another life, he could have been a war hero maybe, a true tactical mastermind.
Steve’s lip connects with Tony’s neck, “Just means there’s only one winner. And the prize? I know you’ll like the prize.”
It shook.
Tony had made a mental note about finding his hopeless boyfriend some new pig farms to cycle.
“Steve!! If you don’t come pick up your live pillow stuffing, you’re going to see it under the cloche for tonight’s dinner.”
Tony sank into the scratchy cotton of the hospital bed and closed his eyes. Listened to Obie taking calls right outside his door. Security tapes from the lounge, a second sweep of the premises, the press conferences, the funeral…
Steve squinted at him, “Should I start to get worried now or should I wait until we’re on our way.”
Getting closer to the goose, Tony realizes there is a red ribbon tied in a neat bow around his neck. From this ribbon dangles a piece of paper.
It was on Obie’s computer. The video file.
The smell of green grass in the morning tickled his abused nose. He got away from the door. Got off the porch. Laid down on the damp grass.
Which in turn had brought Tony and Steve together. Tony couldn’t leave their side and Steve just wanted to see them, one more time, a little bit jealous about how free they were with their affection, crawling on top of him and Tony. Their Tsum counterparts were good for each other. It had turned out, so were the human ones.
Steve startles and looks at him, clearly not expecting to see him, but then he laughs and it’s all Tony can do at that moment is not to slump in relief.
Everything looked the same. And the worst thing was, there hasn’t been one single animal since Tony entered the woods.
“How does that mean anything?” Welp, too late to take that back now.
Steve slowly inched around the entryway, tranq gun ready to fire. The tree’s needled rustled, he could still see the one rat bumbling on top of the tree precariously, now if he could only…
Thousands of hours he buried into World of Warcraft and likes beg to differ though.
Tony leans back in his chair, his eyes flickering up to Steve and back down, “It wasn’t breakfast that I was talking about.”
“No. No, I’m not,” Steve looked out of the car window towards the farm areas, “God, a petting zoo.”
“I would like to draw you again one day,” Steve whispered into his ear as they were nodding off, “you’re so beautiful, always.”
As they say their goodbyes over the audio channel, Steve thinks about the thick portfolio that’s probably still in the mail somewhere in New York and hopes, just hopes really hard.
It had been Steve’s dream to have a house. To be fair, there had been other things involved in that dream; a loving Omega he would support and cherish, a dog, kids someday… But the house was a start. Steve just had to remind that to himself. He had to start somewhere, and if it was all by himself… Well, he was just being maudlin now.
There was only one person to ever come into his arms and stay there for a warmth that even boiling water couldn’t give, and that was Steve.
Steve learns it’s Jarvis who controls Iron Man when Tony cannot. They talk about the intricacies of coding something like Jarvis. Or Tony talks about it and Steve listens. They talk about art. They talk about how much Tony doesn’t get art. Steve goes on a lecture about how much art means for games. And it’s good.
The brunet pouts and leans up to kiss him anyway. “Good night… husband to be.”
Tony lifted it from one side gingerly. Under the mattress was slightly dampened from use, without a bed base to allow air circulation. There were patches of black rubbed off on the off white exterior, especially on the sides. Dust? Soot? Charcoal? Something else? Tony couldn’t be sure.
The shit that he had discovered, that alone was enough to make him stay awake, go that extra mile when his body wanted to shut down.
But the worst thing was, every time he opened his mouth, he knew without a doubt that these were Omega pheromones.
They were a changeling. Tony’s heart hopped into his throat.
Steve’s excited. And it shows, probably. Especially when he’s at school.
“They are not rats Steve, the Tsums are visiting.”
“Well people know how rowdy you can get, you got that part down for us. If an accident happens… After all I can do anything I want to you, boy,” Stone says, “no one will connect the dots back to me.”
“Yes baby, can you?”
Steve kisses him again, “I know, thought you deserved it, you’ve been busting your ass for the team, I thought I’d help with your stress.”
Flushing deep red, Steve looks down, he knows Tony is smirking, it is actually ridiculous how Tony could reduce Steve down to a blushing mess. It’s not like Steve is a Choir boy, the man is a veteran. He knows sex. The gorgeous blonde adonis knows his way round Tony’s body, knows exactly what makes him tick and what he needs.  It’s to be disclosed that Steve did call it love making, which Tony had exploited in his mission to reduce Steve into a spluttering blushing mess. He had been very successful.
Steve started laughing at him in earnest.
He imagined Stone feeling that way too. his Omega dying and being unable to save them. Having to go through the rest of your life, knowing you weren’t enough to keep them safe.
Steve took him to bed, his arms around Tony, never once letting him go from his embrace. He didn’t seem so bashful, now that they were kissing. Once on the bed, he pushed his hands under Tony’s clothes, mapping his back as his lips travelled on his face, his neck. He moved Tony wherever he wanted, Steve’s hands pulling his hips closer, flush into his groin like Tony weighed no more than the pillows he was laying on.
Tony shrugged as much as he could under Steve’s weight, “I’m going to feel you all night long.”
Tony rubbed his thumbs over Steve’s hands, “Will you fuck me? We have time.”
Iron Man is the only reason Steve had started this game. And now, here he is.
“Yeah, only one.”
“So, you wanna see what they got?”
Steve remarks, “That’s a pretty big portion, doll.”
“Well, Sam and I are going to a few SHIELD meetings,” he kisses Tony’s cheek, “Nothing interesting, I know you have SI. Try not to fall asleep.”
For all that he was stuck on false bad omens, he should have realized that Obie’s car was not in the driveway when he was leaving the taxi. But he didn’t. Tony paid the driver and got off, walking past Stone’s car and unlocked the door.
“Thank you, ma’am,” said Steve as she left smiling.
Steve weirds himself out with how quickly he goes from playing The Avengers for four hours a day to building maps for it for four hours a day. In fact, since he walked through the Iron Man’s bossfight arena doors, he’s been the only one he played against. And he enjoys it, he does, but it also scares him a little.
Trying, testing, looking for a way to get out.
He kicked a little toadstool mushroom that had come loose from the ground. He wouldn’t be able to become a king like this. But then again, what changeling would want to be his consort. He wasn’t supposed to be king yet anyway. Not yet. He was young and dumb and liked his cogs and gears a little too much; and the worst was, he was hot-headed and didn’t understand strategy. At all.
“Cap? Did I break you? Hello?”
Tony hoped this one, which stretched the rules of the compromise a little, also went well.
“I don’t know where he went and I don’t know what he planned, but I promise you,” he cupped Tony’s face, running his hand over the matted beard, lightly tipping his face so he would look at Steve, “I promise he is never going to touch you again.”
The problem is that he’s pretty sure he made the mechanic hate his guts the first time they met.
“Geese don’t use screwdrivers!” Tony shouts after it, halfheartedly, “You don’t even have opposable thumbs!”
And Tony is right. The waddling bundle of doom approaches, honking and being a general nuisance. It doesn’t even try for stealth as it grabs a long strip of discarded chain and totters away.
Steve had followed the news about The Avengers, but he hadn’t really planned on getting into the game. Tony Stark had given several interviews about how much he liked these kinds of games when he was younger. About the thrilling sense of anonymity but still being connected to a community… It had seemed like the game was something he was truly excited about.
There it was, little swoosh-thump swoosh-thumps of erratic feet. In his house. Downstairs.
And Tony knows something will go wrong. It will. He made Dum-E. He loves Dum-E, even though he would never admit out loud. And he knows just how clumsy the thing is. It can’t help it. AI coding was stilted at best when Tony had made Dum-E and now, his hardware just wouldn’t handle that much updating.
The entire roll of unused cable that he has no idea how that goose ever dragged through his fence.
Steve pumped his shoulder. But yeah, he knew Tony would know what to do.
After that was a frenzy of coding and reading and more coding. Thanking Howard for his well documented obsessions of the first time and then more coding.
What had been the procedure really like? What parts of the process he knew? What did he remember? What had changed? What had his connection to the government been like? How was he treated back then?
Because a man has got to throw away his trash somewhere, even if the receipts were paid in cash and the little baggies were torn, data was everywhere. And Tony was nothing if not thorough. After all, what was the point of being a genius if you didn’t sit down and compile the purchases from the same establishments at similar hours. And hacked their security cameras.
The bloody shoulder seeped into his shirt. His own hands left barely there pink drops on Tony’s skin.
“I mean,” Iron Man clears his throat, “You don’t have to be a person to get weird stuff. You should see some of the,” he emphasizes, “fan mail that we receive around here.”
Steve had suggested the idea of simple rules, things they would always follow, to make each other happy. After all, they didn’t have an easy relationship, they were Captain America and Iron Man, superheroes and Avengers. To each other, they were boyfriends, great loves, somebody to call home.
“Yes, and no one can really hack into a system they cannot read. At first I thought I could just use, you know, already existing languages and just, playdough them together but that’s more work than I thought it would be, the operators, I mean, the parts that tell the code what to do and how to read commands, they all need to be integrated and then that turns into a language all by itself and ugh,” he slumped in his chair.
“I left an entire pot of Vicks boiling on that electric stove we never got to unpack, no one will ever smell anything but Vicks for the next decade in that apartment. Come on, we have cleaning to do.”
Tony looked up and studied Steve’s face as Steve maneuvered them through the crowd. All kinds of good looking people threw themselves on Tony, from models to actors to Instagram influencers but no one, not a single one of them looked as beautiful as Steve was to him.
“So, the main question is; why did you give me the map tools? Like- Don’t get me wrong, I’m very glad to be here, but like, I have seen people who’ve done much better and I’ve-” Steve shrugs, even though he knows Iron man can’t see it.
“Tony, don’t call him an incident. Did you- Did you buy a petting zoo?”
The elevator doors open and Tony Stark is standing there, somehow managing to seem awkward in a tailored suit and opens his arms to the sides, “Yay! It’s me! Please don’t start throwing things at me, I can explain. I mean, you can throw things at me. Been there, done that. Or it’s been done to me. But at least let me explain first. Then start throwing. Not the salt lamp though. That’s Pepper’s but everything else is fair game.”
Steve stared for a second, then giggled, “Yeah. Okay. Greatest of all time.”
Still, the shoulder wound would need cleaning, he thought. He could also cook while he slept. Tony must have been hungry. What would be appropriate to feed somebody who was starved, he didn’t know. He didn’t even know if he had anything suitable in the kitchen. He fumbled for a second, mind drawing blank as he stood in his small kitchen with a sleeping Omega propped up against his chest.
The tree was big enough to hide a person behind it. And fake, since Tony didn’t believe in cutting trees and dealing with fallen needles just to have it up for a couple weeks. It looked like it was decorated by a bunch of kids, the garish pink tinsel that went all the way around twinkled under the light of scented candles and fairy lights.
It’s just that after a year of dating, you just want to run your hand through your significant other’s hair once. Just once. One single time.
“RIBBIT!!” screamed the frog, just when Tony was about to hang his head.
just say if you want them back
Hell, Tony was not the mediator. He was the catalyst, if anything. Always the one that stirred up shit, made a mess, a hurricane, a tornado. But for Steve, he was apparently whatever he needed, kneeling between his legs on damp ground and whispering things he couldn’t remember over the dull throb of his joint.
“They could be.”
He spent his days in the common area, (which, for the other Avengers, now was unofficially relocated to Thor’s living room because of the goatly smells and goatly residues and the goat itself), playing with the goat and feeding the goat and claiming he taught the goat tricks. And Tony had to suck it up if he wanted to see his boyfriend at all who, himself, smelt like a goat.
He lifted the hammer again and hit. Once. Twice.
Contrary to what the tabloids wanted people to think, Tony could still walk on the streets without getting recognized. Much. Especially with a beard, if you could call his fluffy facial hair that.
They showered together. Laid in bed together, naked and skin to skin under too many blankets.
“A bit rubbery, but the flavour is almost spot on.”
“Oh- I-” Steve slumped, the nervous energy draining from his frame, “Alright.”
So of course, there was only one thing Tony could do.
Ty’s father. Tony sucked in a deep breath. It felt like the air didn’t reach his lungs though.
Yeah, and just further establish the idea that he is a fucking creep in the man’s eyes.
But it’s not unsalvageable. And it’s really just the saddest sight, seeing Steve’s ears lay down flat like that.
it’s not the same as hearing from you
He thought, lawyer first. Then a trip to hospital. Then whatever the hell life would throw at them. But hell, Steve was going to find a way.
Steve had sighed internally, still, had saluted her with his mug. Despite his reluctance to be nagged by nosy neighbours before breakfast, his politeness had won and Steve had been pulled into a conversation.
“I’m Googling stuff.”
He pointed out other shops and changes, buildings that were now gone, entire alleys that disappeared to create the large plazas… Everything, he remembered in picture perfect detail.
After rinsing and flossing, Steve picks Tony back up, “Everything is romantic. You just have to do it with the right person.”
“That explains nothing.”
From somewhere inside the house, they echoed faintly. Only when he stood still, Steve could hear them, almost inaudible over his own blood rushing in his ears. Irregular footsteps that dragged through the house, stopping and then starting again.
They ate in silence for a while. Steve alternated between taking a bite from his own croissant and ripping off a piece from Tony’s. Tony imagined licking the caster’s sugar off of his fingers, he re-lived in his head how he had imagined taking his bloody fingers into his mouth. He imagined he could smell the old blood. But he diligently took the pieces of pastry from his hands instead.
Pepper’s eyes widen for a moment, “Tony.”
Tony wouldn’t have believed it if the confirmation didn’t come from Howard’s own files. He had taken it seriously. Maybe more seriously than he had ever did anything. Tony had grown with the stories of the legendary Captain America. At first worshipping him alongside his father. Than despising him because it had taken his father away. Then coming to terms with him, accepting that it wasn’t Captain America’s fault that Howard was so fucking obsessed with him.
“Whatcha thinkin’ about mista.” Steve laughs and drawls.
“Is that for fetish reasons? Doesn’t DeviantArt already have that?”
Steve is suddenly, extremely furious. Who the hell that fucker thinks he is? Steve didn’t tell him about his application for a reason. Does he think he can just meddle with Steve’s business? Does he think he’s helping?
Tony laughs and slides off his jacket as the elevator doors ping open to his penthouse, he steps out and into the living area to deposit his jacket and shoes. “Bring up the best recipes for the best Chicken Caesar Salad. Do you think Steve would like salad? He has to eat it, I made it.” He continues rambling away to himself, as he collects all the ingredients JARVIS kindly collected for him.
“Honk!”
Steve rolled his eyes, getting up from where he was petting the goat as it kept licking the lamp, which was a scene Tony still couldn’t wrap his mind around, “Apparently there had been a problem with the transportation of these little guys a while ago,” Steve says gesturing at the goat, “they found the majority of them but a couple are still missing and, well, I found this little guy at the supermarket and decided to take him in until his owners can come and get him.”
Taking a sip of his drink, Tony laughs, “Sure babe, but if I’m going to win I’m going to need your full stamina.”
Tony snorted, knowing Steve had to be something like seventy fucking years old. But it was so easy to forget that, looking at him. He did look young. Tony tried not to think about the implications of that.
As he walked out, the door to the apartment slid open the moment his hand was on the handle. The lock was broken, Tony realized. So he closed it again slowly, listened for anyone else in the hall, then made his way outside.
“—ir, Captain Rogers is on his way up.”
It is the best sound in the world.
The constant beanie and no hair touching hadn’t been in the original agreement, Tony refuses to believe that. But also, he cannot understand why Steve is so against it.
“I went to the supermarket to buy shampoo.”
The burn gets redder and redder while he’s on the train and starts to throb in a very distracting way. Surely, a normal person would just email or call in the front desk, explain the situation and ask to reschedule. But at that moment, Steve’s mind is zeroed in on the possibilities and he’s definitely not thinking right either.
So Tony had taken a trip into Obie’s files along with the hospital and whatnot; and had found the security camera footage that somehow never made into any of the official files. It showed Ty being beaten to death, there had been no clear view of the assaulter’s front, just his incredibly broad back and his forearm that had flexed as it came up and down with ferocity above Ty’s body, skin breaking with each hit before finally coming up bloody, splattering the dark liquid around.
That voice is not what Steve expects. He stands there, slack hand pointing at Tony Stark, doing his best beached fish impression.
“It’s all right, I- Yeah, I remember everything like that.”
But Tony felt it too. They were ready to go out there. Show their faces. Become Iron Man and Captain America besides just Tony and Steve.
Tony hacked street cams, security cameras, maybe revolutionized facial recognition technology in a way that he would never be able to admit publicly if he didn’t want about twenty different charges of disregarding image and personality rights and such, but he found him.
There is a saying in the game development community, “Devs are the best at playing their own game; that is, until one hour after the launch.”
He shows his email to the receptionist and explains as she politely listens before taking over.
Steve’s hips faltered, he moaned into Tony’s neck. He laid down, engulfing his body completely. It felt safe, Tony realized, being here, under this man who could probably rip him apart if he wanted, he felt safe the most.
Steve laid down on the bed, listening to the telltale sounds he knew would come. He gripped the handle of the hammer in his hands.
Steve doubled over, still at the door. He retched once, twice. Barely reached the kitchen sink before emptying the contents of his stomach into the basin.
Tony surged up and kissed him, putting all his worry and love for this man into it.
Somewhere along the way, it had become this.
“So why are you smiling all Steve-like.” Tony squints his eyes and sits up.
He wouldn’t be able to sleep. There was no way to make sure it wouldn’t be able to reach him. But still, this was all he could do.
It did nothing to help slow the beating of his heart, trying to rip through his chest.
After the hazy smoke dissipated, burnt vanilla came to his nose. Floating through the air right out of his reach.
“I can only judge what I have in front of me darlin’” Tony shivers hearing the Brooklyn accent in Steve’s voice clearly.
The elevator knows him. Who the hell do they think he is?
Yeah, that really doesn’t sound like Tony Stark.
“I have wrinkles on my forehead,” Steve had whispered, “I didn’t have them before.”
The thing is, Steve can’t really be sure if this is a passing fancy, fed by holding the attention of someone else or if it’s something he would really like to do indefinitely. He loves environment design and he loves gaming too, but he’s worried that his favorite pastime activity will become a burden, once it gets official and there is a deadline on it.
It was just that he hadn’t been able to stop thinking about it. He was supposed to scratch that itch and leave it there but God… With the things he had found, now it was impossible to stop. Thinking. Daydreaming. Scheming.
Steve shivered. He didn’t feel like coffee anymore. Hell, he didn’t feel like anything nowadays.
“We’re infested!”
“I was planning to tell you, I swear.”
“Not the point at all,” Steve cuts him off, “ the point is, people do stuff for the games they like for free all the time, people do much more than I do, why should I-”
He shoots and Steve rolls to dodge. Behind the rock is one of the crates he placed himself. He wonders how much this banter causes Iron Man to get distracted but also, he wants to hear what he’s thinking, genuinely.
Explain. It was a thrill, even after it happened numerous times, to see Steve and the interest in his eyes. Explain. One word and Tony was ready to take a bullet for this man. No one ever, not even Obie…
He could see the moment he was recognized.
“Look Cap, not to underplay your accomplishment but some people have been where you are now for more than six hours.”
Now that Steve had seen one, his eyes could pick up another dark blob, scurrying up along the side of the tinsel.
“Exactly. I need a bootstrapped language- I mean one that is, like, written in itself, that can learn and adapt itself, if I can manage that, then I won’t have to make the code be able to read other languages manually, Steve, it will learn that by itself.”
Tony kept staring at Steve, who kept staring at the goat as it explored. Yup, he was sensing things all right and he already knew he was going to be in so much trouble.
He slowly descended the stairs, hammer in hand and raised up high already. His arms shook with the idea of swinging it down, breaking the wall, ending it all.
That has stuck with Steve.
He doesn’t have any classes on Friday. And that’s just even worse. There is nothing to take his mind off of the upcoming interview. He doesn’t even want to look at the desktop icon of The Avengers. So he just makes tea, sits in trepidation while it gets cold. Then makes another tea. Then makes another tea.
Most likely it’s someone’s garden or barn.
The Alpha who sold him the house, Tiberius Stone, had been very proud of how he had modeled the house, sending Steve, who couldn’t yet leave New York, as many photos of the house as he liked. From room layouts and outside of the property, to under the sinks and the inside of the water heater cabinet, Steve had seen it all before purchasing the house remotely.
Had he hit too hard? Did the vibrations cause something else to fall? Was that even possible? Maybe.
He steps into the elevator, “JARVIS, we have some work, pull up recipes for somethin’ you think Steve might like.”
Tsum Tsums. The little aliens that were the likenesses of them, only in small, bread-roll-ish forms. Now that the lights were on, he could see the Iron Man one, the Tony one, was on top of the tree. While his likeness was on the tinsel, trying to make his way up to the top.
“I do. But the nonsense I’m being sent is ridiculous. Once, his gadget blew up in the conference room, ruining my Armani suit. Somehow Pepper’s louboutin’s came out unscathed.”
Tony cleared his throat, “Well, you remember the goat incident?”
He lost about a hundred dollars worth of cable and gained one lump on his head. Now exactly a fair trade, if you ask him.
“—re all great ideas Mr Hammer, thank you for your input. I’ll have a transcript written and sent to your office by the end of the day, Mr Stark and I will continue further discussions.”
Tony’s brain didn’t seem to click. He had been wondering. But wondering and hearing the truth so plainly were different things. One part of him wanted to reject the thought still. Obie knew.
“Yeah, maybe,” I didn’t actually hit my head though, so spill, didn’t say Tony.
“These,” Tony waved the pack while looking for the gun itself, “are left from the time Thor tried to adopt the racoon, remember, should be more than enough.”
Tony shifted on the grass. A snap sounded on the other side.
Tony pouts and crosses his arms, “I made breakfast today and Steve gave me 3 out of 5 stars, and how hard can a Caesar Salad be? Chicken, ranch and a bunch of salad stuff.”
Their frittata muffins go into the oven and the remaining mini sausages go in the pan to sear and finally, the penthouse starts smelling like there is a proper brunch going on. Tony brews his coffee as Steve pops the bread into the toaster.
Frankly, this is not the most ridiculous situation he ever found himself in. It’s big, what Steve kept from him. That’s true. It’s a lot to take in at the moment. Not the fact that Steve is the Crown Prince but the fact that he has cat ears and cat mannerisms and cat appetite. Which all should have been very clear since the first moment but Tony is the dumbest genius that ever walked the earth and he just never-
complaining, “I just fed you!”
“Hi, babe-”
“Ah!” He said the first time Steve walked through the arena doors, “A worthy challenger appears!”
Steve sputters. Then throws himself into the game.
They had been leaving the cookies out with a glass cloche on them. It’s not like you could put cookies in the fridge. But a cloche, glass or not, meant nothing to the NYC rats. Those things chewed holes in walls.
Steve was staring directly at the phone like his gaze alone could shut it up. His hand on the armrest of his chair was tight, fingers digging into the fabric.
Code came to him in disconnected pieces. He really had gotten rusty in the passing years. His mind jumped out forward to create pieces that shouldn’t have existed yet. He wanted to go crazy on the keyboard, smash out the entire code in but he forgot operators; wrote new, unnecessarily long and complicated, functions for already existing ones.
Tony sighed. He wanted to claim the goat could probably smell it but… Well. It did make Steve happy.
Funnily enough, once they are basically in-game civilians, going around beside TheCaptain is what gives Iron Man, oh sorry, DiscountIronGuy, enough credibility. Even funnier, apparently Iron Man hadn’t realized just how well known Steve’s handle is. But that doesn’t save them from the in-game chat.
“Still, a merge with S.I. is not something I can just let go because you decided to turn your life around. I know you’ll understand Tony, business is business,” Stone grinned.
As Steve had predicted, the goose kept stealing his tools. And kept stashing them in Steve’s house. And Tony just kept… Going back to retrieve them. In time it became Steve coming over to drop off some things Tony had not yet realized gone missing and staying to chat for a bit. Or Tony realizing things were missing and going to Steve’s house for a coffee, waiting for the goose to come from parading his stolen goods around.
“No. Steve, don’t be like that. I- It’s not your fault. I don’t think that was the only thing but- Yeah, he was- He wasn’t really that good of a father,” Tony laughed, humorless, “But yeah, he would always talk about you. He was convinced he could find you. Bring you back. I always wondered how a man like Howard had ever been friends with you.”
Steve ran his fingers through his hair occasionally.
“Oh,” Steve deflates.
Depressed, he kept on walking on the little trail of mushrooms. Of course no changeling wanted to be his consort. Why would anyone leave their life in this beautiful forest, comfortable and protected, and turn into a human to deal with councils, grain reports and threat of war?
“No one in a room like that would turn and look at you twice if you died in your own vomit,” Tony had kissed Steve’s palm, resting on his cheek, “and they would act so sad in the morning, you’d have no idea,” another kiss, “that they didn’t give a damn.”
By the time they had cleaned up and Tony was ready to leave, it was already dark outside. Which was acceptable for Tony, considering him being on time to any kind of commitment would have been very out of character.
Steve laughs and kisses him, “Just to clarify, this is not the real proposal, I have all that planned out.”
“I don’t know what’s going on, I don’t know what he’s trying to achieve but I-” He sighed, “things have been weird at home since Ty died. I-”
It was so weird. Possibly the closest thing Tony ever had to a date. He gazed at the busy street through the floor to ceiling windows, peeking at Steve every so often. No rushing, no cajoling, no manipulation. Just Steve, who was sitting on his hands in the plush armchair and still managing to seem fidgety, and Tony, with his ice in a plastic bag held up to his wrist. Stealing glances at each other.
Tony, in some corner of his mind knew that Ty relayed information about their whereabouts to Obie but he had never thought to be suspicious of that. Of them knowing each other and Obie accepting their relationship so quickly.
“For you.”
“Oh Cap, I’m definitely one of a kind,” Iron Man giggles. It’s so weird, hearing the sound, distorted and coming from that menacing, demonic figure. Then he continues, “Yeah, Iron Man is controlled by me. It’s my job. Kind of. Many things are automated, some things are not.”
“I- Yeah, I’m here.” Lies. Steve’s head is definitely at five different places. “I guess I’m a little… Surprised? I didn’t expect you to remember- I mean, I do have a good set up. Don’t worry about my back. And about the design thing, I was truly confused when you used that rock. I didn’t know it was that obscure though. By the way, I really didn’t think about that rock...” Steve trails off.
Combined with the smell, it undid Steve.
“Fuck,” Steve whispered to himself. The hammer dropped from his hands, “oh God fuck.”
“Cap, that’s literally the same thing. You are literally The Captain.”
“Hi.” Steve stands with a bouquet of vibrant red and yellow carnations, just behind a beautifully set out candle-lit dinner. “Thought I’d treat my boyfriend… Are you going to come here or just stand there,” he laughs, the way he does with the twinkle in his eyes that Tony can’t get enough of.
A light trickle of vanilla, not burned but soft, almost creamy came to his nose. He looked down to see the Omega, Tony, nodding off as seldom sob rocked him. Exhaustion. Adrenaline wearing off.
Steve Rogers the artist. The polite, kind, attractive, whose angelic aura enticed even that little white beast of hell and he’s just so-
“You can stop laughing now Steven!”
He took a heaving breath. The smell, even stronger now, almost like a mist, filled his nose and mouth, covered his taste buds. Steve continued puking.
Tony ran his hands through Steve’s sweat damp hair, tried to remember any other time he had been so turned on, so close to coming without even getting undressed. He just couldn’t. Steve on top of him, arms so tight around him, hands kneading his sides forcefully, Tony finally felt like the panic in him abate. He was safe. He repeated to himself like a mantra that Steve would keep him safe. And Tony would do anything to keep him here.
Tony hadn’t seen it that way.
“...will be later this month, they are keeping the, well, the body. They think the killer’s blood may have mixed in with his but with enough luck, there may be a…”
The Stark building is imposing. There is no other way to describe it. The security guard helps him scan the barcode that came with his confirmation email at the turnstiles and points him to the reception.
The changeling blushed, “I don’t really know it either. We have no kings. But… We can figure it out together, right?” He hopped down from the toadstool, “I’m Steve.” His hand was still in Tony’s.
“Cap your log says you’ve had more than seven hour long active game sessions.”
Steve lifts Tony’s chin up, looking into his eyes, “Breakfast, lunch and dinner. Just for one day. I’ll see if you’re a good chef.”
There is also the fact that Iron Man is a real person who works at Stark Industries and if Steve also worked at Stark Industries and worked on environment design, he would probably become one of those art department people whom Iron Man is in touch with.
For the resilient little thing in his arms who lived through hell and came out fighting, he would find a way.
“Tony, please.”
At this point, Iron Man is already a legend. Videos and tutorials and walkthrough ideas on how to beat him, conspiracy theories, praises to Tony Stark’s AI building capabilities are all over the internet. Everything that can be said about the boss fight has already been said, every tip has been given. And still, no one has been able to beat him.
Behind them, Pepper clears her throat, “Professionalism boys.”
Tony could see his hard cock bobbing up and down even through his pants as he moved, he hooked his fingers into Steve’s belt loops, “Yes. Yeah, come on.”
If Steve can focus on only hiding, he can create the time to Google some strategies about messing with chatbots. He is scrolling through the search results when the Iron Man gets bored.
“It’s a good thing, I always win.” Tony turns his head and kisses Steve, deep and slow, his hands gently roam around Steve’s back, gently tugging at Steve’s shirt, “Want this off,” he whispers.
Suddenly there was a poof of mist, felt almost like a mix of condensation and smoke without a scent. Tony waved his arms to make it dissipate.
He hates tea; claims to love the smell of coffee but will not drink it. Soft drinks are a no-no. Alcohol, he indulges sparingly.
No more late night booty calls that got him into trouble with Obie, the ones that he didn’t want to answer anyway. No more dealing with his asshole ways. No more cajoling and guilt tripping. No more parties where he knew no one but Ty so he had to stick with him and… Well. Not again.
It wasn’t the sobbing kind of cry. There was no force behind it. Just the pathetic mewlings of somebody who could do nothing but cry with nothing to lose and nothing to gain. Crying hopelessly, out of instinct.
Tony! Tony was at the workshop! He would know what to do.
Stone looked up at him. For a second he looked like he was about to say something. Tony, without hesitation, lifted the meat cleaver and buried it right in the middle of his forehead.
“You don’t seem—
“Yea, well that art team was a fucking shitty art team. They are as crystals as a pyrite blob is gold.”
Tony smiles, and dries his hands, “Great, thanks babe.” He puts on his blazer and straightens his tie, “Let’s.”
But there was also the part where the man, Ty’s killer, had came over to Tony, hadn’t turned him around and potentially choke him on his own vomit but put two bloody fingers into his mouth, clearing liquid and pulling out his tongue, clearing his airway. Carefully holding Tony’s head to the side as he had held him like a baby that weighed nothing.
Did they remember the houses they built and the rooms they decorated with the hope of a lifetime in them only to have that dream stolen? The rug pulled under them, did they traverse the world of living, scrambling to find a way to be with material beings again?
Limb by limb, feeling came back to his body. His eyes adjusted to the darkness. Drowsiness left him like fog dissipating.
Stone had said that he had built the house himself, playing it by ear with the floorplan. But in the end he had picked safety over aesthetics, which ended him up with an unconventionally thick walls and small rooms. That was fine by Steve. He neither had too much furniture nor another person living with him.
He went down to his workshop immediately. Some of the backtracking for Steve’s latest slip up, he had done on his laptop but the hacking and busting, he didn’t want to without his regular security systems. He needed to get to work.
There was nothing above this. Everyone wanted Tony Stark. They wanted a piece of his cash, a piece of his legacy. They fucked him like as if, if they touched his bare skin enough times, some of this genius would rub off on them. Tony had nothing to give to them.
“I know, God, fuck, I know. I’m sorry. I just- I bought the house, I just couldn’t leave it like that, I-” He hissed at the sudden spike of pain from his wrist. When the gripping hand abruptly disappeared, his wrist was already filling with blood under his skin, blooming a fierce red that would surely turn into an ugly bruise that would heal in blotches of blue black purple, mottled with yellowish greens.
Tony had no idea how Steve found any purchase at all with his spread knees when he started to fuck him in earnest. Steve didn’t lift off of him. Instead he put his forearms to the either sides of Tony’s shoulders and pressed against him completely. Only his hips moved methodically, fucking into him in short but slow strokes.
He looked down at Steve, then took out his phone and reaching out, he took Steve’s out of his pocket as well. He closed both of them and threw them deep into his laptop bag. Just in case.
“No I mean,” Steve snorts, runs a hand through his hair, then sits straighter, ready for questioning, “Are you- Is Iron Man always controlled by a human? You? Someone else?” He pauses; then continues, Can I even ask that?”
“Gone to deal with your new boy,” Stone started walking towards him, “He realized you looked at the video footage, you know. His own security systems are not too shabby either. We didn’t think you would go find that boy and lay under him too but oh well, you made it easier for all of us, didn’t you?
Steve’s voice came much clearer now, “Tony? What happened?”
Those dreams were long gone now though. Because right now, Tony was in the thick of the woods, he had no idea where he was exactly and the glinting light was starting to seem less and less friendly every second.
He brings up a finger, touching one of Steve’s ears. It twitches. “Oh God, that’s the cutest thing ever.”
He couldn’t take it. Not anymore. This was no way to be living.
Steve takes the Runes, “I won’t argue with you since you’re clearly delusional about the sheer number of more talented people out there but okay, still, how do you know what the art team is looking for?”
He didn’t try to learn his name. Not that he wouldn’t be able to. Call him paranoid but the best way to not accidentally leak evidence is if you don’t have any evidence in the first place. Call him sentimental but Tony had wanted to hear it from him, wanted his name to be something he would give Tony because they would be meeting in the middle. Tony would give him his and he would receive a name in turn.
His shoulder was bruised and bleeding. Steve had made that.
He turns it around in his head and comes to two possible conclusions: Either Iron Man’s AI has precoded but unrevealed attacks and one of them just happened to fit what he asked for; or there is someone who handles real time upgrades to the Iron Man because he doesn’t want to believe there is someone who can actually play that well that controls Iron Man.
Steve opened the window, breathing in the clean air. Surely, he was imagining. Hallucinating. Maybe moving had whacked up his rut cycle.
From his right, the side that faced the wall, came a slight warmth. As if someone had been sitting in the slight space between him and the wall. And they had just vacated it.
So Obie had hid the footage, and it probably wouldn’t further the investigation much anyway. Just create another scandal and well, don’t speak ill of the dead, yadda yadda… Still, the fact that Obie knew what Ty did and was still calling him a bright, young boy curdled his stomach.
All in all, he’d give himself 10/10 for planning, 10/10 for execution and like… 3/10 for the contents note itself. So it all averaged to something passable. Hopefully.
“I thought you liked challenges.”
It hadn’t been love at first sight for them, but the best love stories aren’t. It hadn’t been easy either, for some reason, their frustration, their feelings, had developed into something neither of them had expected. With them, it was always comfortable, it was easy, and there was definitely passion, both of them had promised to give each other their all. Tony had been scared, relationships were hard, things with Pepper had fizzled, and he desperately didn’t want that with Steve.
An animalistic scream came through the crack, piercing before it cut off with unnatural abruptness. Like a dog howling until it remembered its commands. The burning smell of Omega in distress poured out of the hole in the wall, along with a disgusting smell of decay and humidity.
Tony wiped his hand onto his pants. Took out his phone and called Steve.
Now or never, now or never.
It had taken a little to convince Steve that he was really about the “less is more” lifestyle, especially when he had vintage champagne in his hand and had been wearing a three thousand dollar suit but well, it had worked. Somehow.
He probably doesn’t even remember you, says a little voice in his head, he probably hasn’t even lingered on it like you do, forgot about it the moment you had left.
Steve blushes. Well, at least his character can’t. It’s- Nice. That Iron Man paid attention to his fighting style to realize that the layout was deliberate. It was nice to be seen like that.
“My name is Steve.”
Tony wasn’t scared. He wasn’t. Not for himself, at least, “T- Ty’s father?”
“Ha ha, so funny Cap,” Tony rolled his eyes at him but then gave in, “really though, it’s not like- Okay, it’s not an impulsive thing, like, I have been planning this-”
“You really are,” he dropped his head, “I was so scared you were- That something was going to happen to you. I- Yeah,” Steve cut off. He rubbed his eyes, “I think I have butter in my eyes,” he huffed, smiling.
Tony pushed them down. For now.
Tony opens his mouth. Then closes it. Opens it again. Rubs a hand over his face.
He doesn’t want to fuck that up because he couldn’t keep his hands to himself. And about hair, of all things.
Or if he wanted to be the one to break the illusion of anonymity for this man who had went to great lengths to ensure he was not found.
For the blissful moments the sage burnt and spread its heady, thick smoke around, there was no Omega smell. No other smell other than sweet smoke that he welcomed.
He heard the legs of the chair scraping the ground as Steve clenched his hands. Tony shushed him, hands back in his hair.
“Come on,” Tony said, pulling softly at Steve’s shoulders, “come to bed.”
Everything that made Steve an Alpha in his prime was screaming at him, standing in attention to the cues of an Omega in distress.
“No! No baby, don’t pull out. Oh God Steve, just- Just give me a second.”
Because the week after that was totally ridiculous.
He doesn’t want to assume. He has apologies to make, to whisper into Tony’s skin day after day. If only Tony lets him. But Steve just doesn’t want to feel like that again. He doesn’t want to know what it feels like to lose Tony.
“Where are you going so fast?” Tony questions her, playfully.
It will be fine, he thinks to himself. He is a high school teacher, he has the ability to talk over anyone and anything. And does he love talking about accessibility anyway.
It was swelteringly hot underneath the blankets, but Steve didn’t seem to be feeling any warmer. To Tony he felt like a furnace but he didn’t have the heart to take away Steve’s blankets. So he did the only logical thing, stripped down to his boxer briefs. Steve blushed as he re-entered their own little blanket sauna like they haven’t just ran their hands over each other’s naked skin in the shower mere hours ago. He lightly placed his hands around his waist, stroked his bare back.
He wasn’t supposed to know either. And Steve would have been back before he even knew. He didn’t want to be the one keeping things secret. But the mission was necessary.
Steve hadn’t realized that he carried that feeling with him, even when Tony was not around.
That somehow gives Steve less confidence but he is saved by the bodiless elevator voice, whom he learns is Jarvis, who suggests that they search the names of the eight different balms they have laying around on the internet.
Tony scrambled for Steve’s arm, holding his wrist right beside his head, “Steve, oh God, Steve, lay down on me, let me feel you please.”
Steve both knows everything and well… Nothing.
With how little he actually talks about himself, it turns into a game of itself for Steve. His own little side quest: Get Iron Man talking.
It’s also a mess. Tony realizes the burn on his hand as they sit down to actually drink the coffee. He wants to patch it up but they soon realize that he knows nothing about how to treat a burn despite claiming to have burned his hands countless times.
Steve pressed his face into his shoulder as he came to himself, stilling in his ass, his breath was laboured, “Sweetheart, Tony, can I?”
Unthinkingly, he attacked the wall with his bare hands, ripping and tearing. Wallpaper layers resisted the most, but the wood was softened in the damp air of whatever was in the cavity of the walls.
“I had built this house for my Omega initially. It was supposed to be a bonding gift, you know,” he had sighed, ”well…”
He couldn’t bodily go in there, he just couldn’t. From here to the front door, maybe three seconds. Shouldering it open, maybe five. Ten seconds tops, he could get out of the house. On tiptoes and legs tight, Steve braced himself for running. Extended a shaky hand into the kitchen where the tinkering was getting louder still, he flipped the light switch on.
When he makes it to the edge of Steve’s picket fence, the goose is already inside. Right at the door, sitting on the doormat with its face tucked under its wing, seemingly dead to the world. Once Tony opens the garden gate however, it starts screaming its little head off. And the door opens before Tony has any time to psych himself up.
Back in the car about three hours later with their own goat’s milk that Steve milked himself (“Oh! It’s warm,” Steve had said, an enchanted smile on his face), Steve reached towards Tony from the passenger side and pulled him in for a kiss, “Thank you. This was… It was really the best gift ever. And to think that kids will get to learn here is-” He shrugged, “That really makes it special.”
Steve’s determined excitement lasts all of five minutes when he sits down with his drawings and designs. He hasn’t made a portfolio in years. The last time he had prepared one was when he was applying as a teacher and even then, they hadn’t really looked at the works in it, just his credentials.
Steve rubbed a hand over his face and got up, leaving the canvas to fully dry, now that it was apparent that he wasn’t going to be painting anything. He went into the kitchen, took a glass and ran it under water before filling it up and taking a drink.
That little expressionless harbinger of doom, that pint sized behemoth, Tony’s peanut-brained personal devil choose Steve Rogers’ garden to stove away his embezzled tools.
You see, the worst part is, he wants to devise a plan. He wants to devise a plan to sneakily remove the beanie from Steve’s head and just bury his hands into those golden locks. Just give his boyfriend a kiss on the head.
They opened the boxes. Tony insisted on calling an assembly crew. Steve insisted he’d do it himself.
Steve panicked. They never had a pest problem in the tower before. Tony had regular cleaning crews. There were several labs in this very building, they couldn’t afford poor hygiene or contamination. But apparently, all of these meant nothing to the notorious variety of sewer rats that lived in NYC.
To be lonely, after he has known
Steve scrunches his nose up in distaste, “As much as I love your son, I don’t fancy motor oil,” he stands and walks round to peck Tony’s cheek, “I’m sure it’ll be great, babe.”
The hammer dislodged from the wall. It came back bloody.
He clears his throat for a moment, and looks between the other parties in the room, “Of course, whatever it is,” his gaze flickers down to the files in front of him, “it’ll be great. If that’s all Miss Potts?”
But the crying. It hadn't even sounded human. Almost like a dog that had been beaten and left outside.
Steve stopped drinking, and smelled the water. That wasn’t it. He turned on the tap again, just in case. The water ran clear. Still, he dumped out the water in his glass, thirst replaced with a queasy feeling in his stomach.
oh you’re far away from me, you’re far away from me
“Cook, sir. I believe poultry is cooked.”
It wasn’t like he had anywhere to be. Usually.
His name was Steve and he was living on other people’s goodwill. Because he was a sweet boy like that, said the smiling woman behind the counter in that little bakery Tony had hacked to bits.
“What?”
Freeing whatever that was haunting his house.
“Why would I- Tony, do you really want to deal with strangers right now?”
It was Captain America. Fucking Captain America that went off the radar way before Tony was born but he didn’t look a day older than thirty and he had killed Ty and he was…
Miss. Potts leans towards him as the elevator slows down, “Before you start blaming people, I just want you to know I did tell him this was a bad idea. He rarely listens.”
Steve had been helping an old man into the hospital who has asked for directions. Family member of a patient formerly lost in ER had stormed the place with an assault rifle. It hadn’t even made it to the news.
“You don’t talk with your dad anymore?”
Steve laughs at that, “You can literally have anything you want and it’s unfair that I get some crates? Come on! They don’t even respawn, I need to ration them.”
“How is your wrist feeling, dear?” She asked Tony as she carefully placed his coffee down.
Tony gets up, downs his coffee and follows.
Steve crumpled before him. The Omega started crying more forcefully. Steve suddenly thought, he was probably expecting to be dragged out. Beaten.
He went into the kitchen to get rid of his now lukewarm coffee. In all of his previous flats, his office cubicles, and studios, Steve had always decorated the place, made it his own. Whether it was his own artworks or the little bits and pieces he collected from colleagues and favorite artists, he always had colorful walls.
He could call Obie now, bring him and the police and the private detectives he had certainly already hired to this very apartment where someone clearly lived for a while. Enough for the mattress to leave a damp mark on the floorboards. They could probably find him from the hairs that got stuck in the drain. He’d be locked up and no longer stopping sexual assault cases he encountered. Excessive force or not, that didn’t seem like a good tradeoff to Tony.
Iron Tsum started rumbling, almost like a purring cat as soon as he settled in Steve’s arms, he smiled down at him, then at Tony sheepishly, “Sorry for interrupting your work too.”
Steve pressed in a nail, without hitting, to gauge the layers. The nail pierced through the wall paper. And then some. Half of a thick, long cement wall nail was embedded in the layers of soft material until it hit something solid.
Crossing his arms, Tony huffs, “It’s hardly a competition, I’m the only participant.”
Steve rolls his eyes at him but Tony continues.
A fresh start for the house itself. His house, God damn it.
In between the last bites, Tony quietly asked, “What sparked this one?”
Tony stands up, “How do you do it? How do you walk into a room when someone is talking about you? Everytime.”
He wondered if Captain America would remember Howard. If he would see his father in Tony’s face. Or if he had already seen it. If that was why he had saved him.
Steve had nodded not wanting to pry, but he could understand the man’s inclination to not be here anymore.
Thinking of it, it is a bit weird for them to call him to the main tower for an art job interview. Wouldn’t Stark Industries have a separate studio building for the gaming side of the things?
i wish i could give us back the past
Listening to the irregular scratch of the pencil on paper was hypnotizing. Calming. Tony felt as if he opened his mouth, said a word, the moment would be broken. The man would disappear into thin smoke.
It couldn’t be right. Shouldn’t have been. But there it was.
The next class he enters, one of his students goes, “Oh my God, Sir, are you getting married?” Because he’s beaming that much.
Steve tells him about his kids, which he then corrects to students because Iron Man thinks he actually had children. Iron Man tells him about how his boss, whom he calls “the boss lady,” is riding his ass about paperwork and that he should be doing it but God, he hates doing it. But he will anyway.
“Uh-huh,” Steve nodded to him, side of his face smushed on one fist, breakfast forgotten.
Unfortunately not only he is too late to realize the culprit, but he is also under a car. And so, before Tony can recover from bumping his head and free himself from under the chassis, the goose is gone. So is his brand new cable.
Tony wakes up the next day, refreshed and feeling good. Steve’s arms were right around his waist, “Good morning.” Steve’s reply was a mumble into his shoulder. Tony laughs and strokes his hair carefully, “You want to sleep for a while? Sleep tight.” He sneaks out of bed, and quickly freshens up before heading towards the kitchen and pouring himself a cup of coffee.
“It’s okay,” Tony tried to be appeasing, “You can help.”
Steve’s forehead creased, “Who- Ew! No! Tony!” He giggled, “It’s been weeks!”
The impostor let out a long suffering sigh, “Tony.”
Holding firmly, he slowly caressed away the detached scabs and the drops of blood welled up on taut skin, “It’s nothing. You wouldn’t-” Tony pulled away Steve’s hands, clenched in his own hair, one by one interlocking their fingers, “You wouldn’t hurt me like that.”
“Sure.”
Tony could recognize the cut of the pants he wore that day, the collar of the shirt. Steve had drawn him, first his silhouette, then gradually more and more in detail. Laying on the mattress that he woke up, scared and disoriented.
The good times are always good in any relationship. It’s when they disagree that Tony feels like this is it. Because they always find a way. They make it work.
doing what we can and where we could
He looks back at the goose. Well, somebody was able to tie that around its neck, so it must be safe to take it off, right?
But he had done it. He had helped Captain fucking America turn from the edge of a literal panic attack so you could pry that from his cold dead fingers. He wasn’t letting that go. His personal victory. The most important one.
“No,” Tony sidled up close, “I am not black and blue for the first time in years, do you even know how much Ty- That night wasn’t a one-off thing. This,” he held up his wrist, “this is nothing, this-” as he reached for the tight hands Tony realized he had busted open some of the closed wounds on the left one.
“If you keep eating the mini sausages, we’ll just be having frittata muffins in the end.”
His hands tore on the splinters. His skin ripped. His hand caught a particularly long piece of wood panel. He pulled.
He didn’t have much choice. He could leave. Say fuck it to the money he poured into buying the house and moving in and just, get away.
Surely it wouldn’t take long for someone to tie this to the other cases where someone must have used some kind of superhuman strength and then…
He reverently placed the notebook back where he found it. Got up, threw himself onto the bed, suddenly restless, wanting Steve to come back soon. He should have thought of a phone that first day. It was ridiculous that Steve didn’t have a way to contact him, now that they had found each other.
Ty was dead.
Meanwhile Tony had everything and none of that meant anything to him.
The dream of being a pro at anything is long gone. Not that his reaction time is lacking but his back, it just doesn’t want him to sit straight for too long. Or at all. Never did. I do it for fun, Steve says to himself, slashing through players and NPCs alike in whatever competitive game or community event he finds himself drawn to. Not to prove anything. Really. I do it for fun.
Elvis Presley’s deep, calm voice spilled out from the lounge and the blanketing noise was welcome as someone periodically thumped away at Ty's flesh. Tony felt a vindictive righteousness at Ty’s face getting ruined.
Placing his newspaper down, Steve laughs and examines the pile of somewhat decent looking pancakes in front of him. “They look good, Tony. Now for the taste test.” He takes his fork and gently cuts a small piece and puts it in his mouth. Chewing, he nods his head for a moment and takes a sip of orange juice, “They’re good, 3 out of 5 stars, I think.”
Steve could feel himself sagging too.
“Whatever,” Tony pouts, “Just get the ingredients, I’ll start on the chicken.”
Toy bristled. Okay, he was convincing maybe but he wasn’t going to let down his guard so quickly, “Look, I am the one who makes questionable impulsive decisions in this relationship, not Steve, so let’s give up the act real quick-”
“Eating carrots is not a trick Steve.”
Tony tried to take in the grass and stuff strewn all over the gleaming floors, a couple tiny brown things that he just didn’t want to think about and the white fluffy animal that was licking the huge Himalayan salt lamp which had been Pepper’s gift to as decoration but his brain just didn’t want to accept the information it was receiving from his eyes, “I mean, I sure hope you do.”
“Hey Toasty, Coulson called for the third time today and if I have to deal with his lovesick voice one more time I’m going to throw myself into the pool.”
Tony would have never thought that he would be the one in a relationship who promotes healthy eating habits but here he is, putting chopped bell peppers into their egg mixture as Steve tries to bat the pepper pieces off the board, “Steve, it’s frittata muffins! They can’t be just egg.”
“Come to bed,” Tony’s muffled sound came from somewhere between the pillows, “stop ogling your crown,” he turned around, opened his arms to the sides, “ogle me instead.”
It was all going to end tonight.
Steve isn’t able to beat Iron Man. He likes to think he got close but still. The thing is, it’s easy to talk to Iron Man. Mostly because Iron Man likes the sound of his own voice but it’s somehow not bothersome and he just fills in the quiet. So Steve gets a lot of bits and pieces of information out of him. But it’s also very distracting when it comes to fighting against him.
And of course, the maps.
found your sketchbooks in the workshop
And anyone else was just dead, not that Howard would count as someone who stuck around. Maria, eh. Just Jarvis. Tony took a deep breath, trying to will his lips not to tremble.
Steve laid in bad, ramrod straight and unmoving in the darkness. Listening. It was almost like a weight, an invisible demon, sat on his chest. He couldn’t breathe. He couldn’t move.
Tony faked crying in front of police officers, gave blood samples and acted like he had no idea who might have drugged him. And apparently Ty was so horribly maimed that maybe for the first time, Tony saw actual disturbance in Obie’s eyes when they met.
“Steve!!” Tony grabbed his arm suddenly, “Oh God, this was supposed to be a surprise! JARVIS, lights.”
Tony gaped for a second, then joined him, nerves finally abating about this entire thing at last, “You’re not angry with me, are you?”
Just as Tony had predicted, the meeting had been boring, he wasn’t CEO anymore, but he had promised Pepper he would pull his weight in work. If that meant sitting through boring presentations, he would. Tony smiles as they leave the boardroom, “Well that, that was something.”
“And? Should I- Oh.” Tony had blushed, “Well, yeah.”
In the end, there he was, wide and muscled as he was in the dark and heavily shaded video where he had beaten Ty bloody, so bad that the body needed DNA identification to close the case and finalize the autopsy. Blond hair slightly bleached at the tips from the sun, light eyes almost shy as he purchased two bagels, one plain and one raisin.
“No! I’m serious! I- Ugh. The thing is, since I control the last boss it’s- Well, it’s best that I oversee how people level up to come to me you know. Like, it’s not impossible to beat me. Just, really really hard and needs some more problem solving materials rather than levelling up than people realize so, yeah, I do oversee some of the design process.”
