There was a cool draft blowing through one of the open windows above the pool. Probably where Sebastian had climbed inside, he’d be hidden up there like the sneaky sniper he was. Sherlock let his lungs fill with air until he couldn’t breathe in anymore, then he let it out slowly. He started again, breathing in, then out. He stared at Moriarty and the criminal stared right back.
When the detective arrived at London University he went straight to the officers building to talk to the recruiter. He would know, thanks to Mycroft that he wasn’t actually enrolling officially and was only there temporarily. Thankful for small miracles Sherlock knocked firmly on the door and waited to be invited inside.
“Bastard!” John growled, looking down at Sherlock’s smirking face. “If you don’t get up here and fuck me I’ll kick you in the balls.”
“The coppers already did their investigation, we cleared away most of the evidence. The Zoo’s been closed for two days and I know Azza is chomping at the bit to get us open again. We’re losing money every day we’re not open.” Johno continued talking, filling the silence as they walked deeper and deeper into the Zoo’s back rooms.
Sherlock checked his email, there was a message from his brother. Apparently, Mycroft was on his way to Australia himself. Some new sensitive information regarding the case had come to light that he wanted to speak with Sherlock about in person. Checking the folder for the details Sherlock arranged an Uber, sending a quick message back to his brother informing him of his plans to inspect the body and for Mycroft to meet him there.
“...and then I open-mouth kissed a camel. They’re bloody good kissers.” Johno glanced over at Sherlock. “I bet you’d be better.”
“Ah!” Sherlock rolled his hips into John’s, causing sparks of pleasure rippled up his spine. “So-so… Hot! John!”
This ‘Johno’ person was a short, sun-kissed, bearded man, wearing a typical beige Australian Zoo uniform. Sherlock watched, one eyebrow raising higher and higher and higher, as the man, honest to god, swaggered towards them. His eyes darted all around the new stranger, taking in details, deducing.
“Oh! You naughty thing!” John purred, but quickly pulled the hospital gown over his head and wriggled out of the track pants. John had to force himself to focus on removing his own clothes when he hears the sound of Sherlock’s zipper and the telltale flop of the taller man's trousers landing on the floor beside the bed.
Sherlock was somewhat disappointed to discover that long-term amusement of super powers was short lived. There was an initial phase of ‘Whoohoo, I’m part of the seventy-five percent who survived’. There was also the initial novelty of learning what his new capabilities entailed and how far he could stretch the limit.
Sherlock picked up his things and marched his way down the hall to find John’s room. Sherlock looked at the names on the doors as he went and certainly didn’t trip over when he almost walked past the door with ‘William Holmes’ written on it.
Sherlock lifted the head from the table and turned it left and right, looking for anything that the pathologist may have missed. Nothing jumped out at Sherlock as being out of place, except for the head. Why hadn’t Acco eaten Moran’s head? Was that normal behaviour for a crocodile?
“Sherlock. You’re not listening to me.” Mrs Hudson pulled Sherlock’s hand closer, pinching the skin of his wrist to get his attention.
“Cadet Holmes, on time today I see.” Captain Watson greeted him with a small smile. “I hope you’ve eaten something this morning?”
Sherlock swept his gaze around the empty room, it seemed all too suspicious that he’d not met with a single person yet. It couldn’t possibly be this easy, could it? The detective fingered the bars of C4 he had hidden away inside his deep pockets. If there was no one around, he could set the charges, leave and detonate the explosives. Moriarty's men would simply return to the smoking ruins of their facility and wonder what had happened.
“Oh yes, John.” Sherlock grinned lifting his arms up, creating a blade of compressed air that cuts the restraints tying John to his prison. “I meant to tell you, but we were otherwise occupied last night.”
. His unwillingness to eat, unless John all but forced him, his stupidly long showers and even longer hair treatment routines. His ability to ignore John for hours on end busy inside his ‘Mind Palace’.
Sherlock froze at the sound of the office door opening, like a deer caught in headlights. Thankfully it wasn’t Major Jones who came into the room.
“It really is you.” John stared at Sherlock for a beat then down at his hands. “Jesus Chris!t I’m inside your body Sherlock!”
. Seemingly at random amongst the many buttons, were sliders similar to the kind you’d mind on DJ equipment. Sherlock briefly wondered if the scientist's had repurposed a mixer unit for the control panel.
Sherlock gulped, watching as Johno’s arms, shoulder, and back muscles flexed when he lifted the buckets out of the refrigerator. Blindly, Sherlock picked up two of the bucket handles and spun around, trying desperately to put some distance between them. The buckets were heavy and Sherlock could feel the contents sloshing around.
” Sherlock grunted as he fell on top of John on the bed. “Get that ghastly robe off, now. Or I won’t be putting anything in my mouth.”
Sherlock wakes slowly, his head is fuzzy and his muscles ache deliciously. He smiles to himself, feeling warm and comfortable in bed. A perfect morning after. He rolls over, sliding his hand over the mattress expecting to feel John’s superheated body. Sherlock remembers his fantasy of sleepy kisses and wants to start making that a reality as soon as possible.
“Understood.” Sherlock ended the call and dropped the phone. “John! John, listen to me. You need to cool down. You’re still,
It was a struggle for the two to separate long enough to completely undress, but they managed it. Once they were both naked coming back together again was glorious. Sherlock ran his hands up and down John’s back as he licked and sucked on the exit wound the bullet had created on his left pectoral muscle. John groaned and gasped as Sherlock continued to lavish attention on the scar. It was apparently hypersensitive.
John thought fondly as he watched the way Sherlock’s signature coat failed to make its usual billowy swirl. It must weigh a ton with how much water it’d absorbed.
John shifted into a more comfortable position on the bar stool. Greg Lestrade dropped heavily down next to him and placed a pint in front of the Doctor. They drank and watched the footie in silence for a while before John broke the quiet.
him. He wanted this strong, scarred, odd stranger to kiss him. It was silly and cliche and Sherlock needed to go cool off outside and left off some steam before he did something stupid like fall to his knees and open John’s jeans with his teeth.
Sherlock followed the Captain’s directions, he lowered himself down then pushed with all his might. It was easier with him holding his hips. He didn’t have to think so much, but the heat and pressure of the Captains strong hands was distracting and making lightning bolts shoot along his spine.
“Well, looks like we’ve got about half an hour before I need to leave to go back to the Zoo.” John said, looking up at the clock that was hanging on the living room wall. “Would you like a cuppa before we head off? I can drop you back at the Hotel if you like?”
“That’s it! Throw it just like that. Good on ya!” Johno gushed. “I love watching them jump! They look so slow, laying there twenty-four seven but when they catch a whiff of this chicken. Suddenly they can move lightning fast!”
Sherlock woke up laying on the couch in Major Jones’ office. His pants felt disgusting and all his muscles felt loose and uncoordinated. Sherlock pulled himself to his feet and looked around the empty room. There was something important that he’d thought of and wanted to check but he couldn’t think straight after the push-up session with the Captain.
“This way!” Sherlock called over his shoulder, darting down a small hill. “My cabin is to the east.”
“Afghanistan…” The man answered automatically, then seemed to chastise himself for it “Answer my question or I’ll shoot you.”
John was on fire. But it was different, he wasn’t burning up. His tuxedo was, the cheap synthetic fibres were melting and disintegrating into ash on his body.  His skin, however, remained untouched. The fire wasn’t coming from the curtains around them, the water that was still falling all over and around them had already extinguished that problem. No, this fire was coming from inside John.
“So they send a couple of guys to Seb’s bunk to arrest him, but someone must have given him a heads up because he was ready. He killed them and ran off into the hills. That was the last I saw of him until I took a sniper round to the chest.” John rubbed at his left shoulder, where Sherlock knew the matching exit wound could be found on his back.
“Fuck!” Sherlock yelled, barely stopping himself from throwing his phone in anger. How had Moriarty gotten so far ahead of them? Sherlock ignored the people around him giving him strange looks. He needed to get back to the Zoo as fast as possible.
The blond man just continued to stare at him. Sherlock did a quick sweep of the man but before he could say anything else there was a gun pointed at his head.
Yes, right… I-I’m Captain London and I have come to put an end to your reign of tyranny!” The so-called ‘Captain’ puffed out his chest and rested his fists on his hips, once again attempting to copy the typical pose of a Superhero. His sheet-cape caught the wind at that moment and jerked his neck backwards.
John had planted many native plants, flowers of all kinds and colours, shrubs and trees all around his property, and he’d also created a large fruit and vegetable garden. Sherlock could see tomatoes, spinach, rosemary, lettuce, pumpkin, sage, zucchini and more that he didn’t recognise.
One of the sliders was currently set to ‘opaque’. Sherlock looked up from the control panel to the milky glass, his hand moved automatically, pushing the slider to the ‘clear’ setting. Within seconds the white glass turned transparent and revealed a room similar to a prison cell. The cell wasn’t empty. A man was lying with his back facing Sherlock on the small bed inside. He was tanned, with short blond hair, his back unclothed, lightly muscled and covered in scars. The silver lines crisscrossed over each other and almost appeared to glitter silver in the harsh artificial light illuminating the cell.
“No, not… Not until I met you.” Sherlock admitted. “I can’t stop thinking about you. Wanting you. Fuck, John you made me cum in my pants by doing push ups. You’re perfect.”
“Why don’t you have a seat here, Cadet.” Watson pushed his chair back further from his desk and patted his lap invitingly. Sherlock felt heat pool low in his belly, he stepped around the desk and slipped onto the Captain’s lap.
John nodded. “Okay, breath in. Hold it, relax into it, let your shoulders drop. Now breath out slowly, one, two, three, four, five. Now breath in again, one, two, three, four, five. Good. You’re doing great.” Sherlock stepped closer to John, his skin was starting to lose its glow. “Fantastic, again. One, two, three, four, five. Let your shoulders relax, great, and out, one, two, three, four, five.”
John groaned with pleasure as he bottomed out, he was all the way inside Sherlock. He could feel his heartbeat and the grasping, squeezing of the muscles as Sherlock adjusted to him. “Please, John… Move. Fuck me. God I need it.”
“You think you know everything about me, but you don't. Not really. Because if you did, it wouldn't be John that you had locked up.
“You don’t know my brother well, then. You’d be waiting for nothing.” Sherlock shifted forward again. John just had to wait for the right moment, and then he could create a diversion. Distract Ajay and Rosamund then Sherlock could grab the gun out of the Assassins hands.
“God, yes!” John’s hand released Sherlock’s cock, quickly scrambling at his pants. Ripping them open and pulling out his own cock. He groaned in relief. “Fuck.”
“Obvious. Open your eyes Lestrade. Look. Really Look.” Sherlock sighed impatiently. “I don’t have time to explain everything to you like a child. We need to catch the murderer before he kills again.”
Spitting out some of the foam from the toothpaste, John glanced up at himself in the mirror. Christ, he looked like he’d been in prison. The bags under his eyes were more prominent than they’d ever been, he had more wrinkles than the last time he’d seen his own face. And the scars that carried up from his chest onto his neck shimmered a dull silver in the light. He might have been free from Moriarty, but he’d never be able to forget his time under that madman's control.
Sherlock gasped, watching one of the crocodiles raise up and snatch the chicken carcass out of the air. Johno was right, it was an amazing thing to witness. But even more amazing was Johno himself, with his roughly calloused hand rested on Sherlock’s back. He’d placed it there ten minutes before when Sherlock had taken an involuntary step backwards after the first crocodile had leapt up for its dinner.
Sherlock sighed and just listened to his brother breath for a moment. As annoying as Sherlock found his brother to be, Mycroft’s sporadic phone calls had always helped keep Sherlock grounded. “Did anyone escape?”
John pulled Sherlock back down for another kiss, “Yes, darling, I love you. God, how could I not? You’re marvellous.”
“You can ask me anything,” John said, finally breaking the silence. “I think it’s safe to say you feel this same pull. It’s like…” John made a humming sound to himself. “It’s like I’ve always known you. Perhaps in a past life?” He laughed, “If you believe in such things.”
James Moriarty slowly makes his way down the tiled floor towards Sherlock. He’s wearing a grey suit and appears to be of average height and build. Perhaps a little on the slim side. “Is that a British Browning L91A in your pocket or are you just pleased to see me?”
“About sixty percent I’d say.” Johno shrugged, “It might sound cruel, but I’m not that bothered by the whole thing to be honest. I’ve stopped people from jumping into the enclosure plenty of times. Fucking digbats.”
“Oh!” Sherlock arched up into John, their chests and hips pressing against one another through their clothes.
“He lives alone, in a shoebox of a flat, just returned from military service with no friends in London and not on speaking terms with his family. Who exactly is he going to tell Mycroft?” Sherlock was tired of the conversation, he’d been tired of it the moment Mycroft had walked through the door to 221B.
“No wonder you don’t have any issues pulling John, even with those ghastly jumpers. I bet you just whip this monster out and the women just swoon.” Sherlock reached down and took John’s penis into his hand. The term ‘shower not grower’ had never been more true. “I know I would.” Sherlock muttered and finally let himself pee.
Sherlock pushed open the cabin door with his shoulder. The wood had begun to swell with water as it dripped down from the roof in the afternoon sun. This particular safe house Mycroft had arranged for him wasn’t exactly five-star accommodation, but it was warm (when you had a fire going) and the roof didn’t leak when it rained.
John stayed, kneeling on the floor and just looked at Sherlock. He was painfully beautiful, a bit public school, posh beyond reason and more charming that John would ever admit out loud. “Do you… I mean.” John cleared his throat and shifted his position on the floor. His hand was stroking Sherlock’s leg. He tried to make himself stop but found it impossible.
The Captain frowned at the sudden change of topic, but reached into his pocket and handed over his phone anyway. “What are you doing here then? Pretending to enlist?”
“Thank you,” John says, joining Sherlock by the cabins only bed where he’d thrown the clothes. “Not just for this, either. Thank you, Sherlock. You might not know it, but I think. Yeah. I think you might have saved my life today.”
“Yes.” Sherlock gripped John harder, licking and biting at the meat of his shoulder. He could feel the bumps of the scar under his lips, his tongue. Madly Sherlock tried to match his teeth up with those of the crocodile. He wanted to take John inside, keep a part of him forever.
Sherlock was privately fascinated, now this was a tour he would rather have enjoyed. Or perhaps it was the change of company? As they passed a whole wall filled with glass cages, every one holding a snake curled around a nest of eggs, Sherlock realised he’d stopped listening to what Johno was saying.
Sherlock had been mistaken, hell wasn’t being alone in his bedroom with empty army fatigues. Hell was standing at attention in a line up of fit 20 to 35-year-old men all in uniform waiting for their Captain to inspect their uniforms.
“How much was recovered?” Sherlock asked Johno, trying once again to stay on topic. The case. His mind yelled, focus on the case.
Sherlock took another step closer, ensuring Moriarty was paying attention. “The letter you left,” Sherlock reached into his pocket and withdrew the note. “It was too clean and dry to have been inside Moran’s throat before he died. You had the pathologist place it there for me to find. But there is something you failed to take into account.”
Sherlock wrapped his arm around John’s shoulders and turned him into a slow kiss. “And I hope you never see me like that.”
Sherlock’s smile immediately faded. He wanted to tell him, but he couldn’t. What the judge had said back then. That the fact that he’d spoken to the judges on John’s behalf may have played some role in his rejection.
“Come on, let’s go get some of your things. And let your flat mate know that you aren’t, you know, dead or anything.”
Ever since he was young, even during his intensive time as a young concert pianist, he dreamed of nothing more than becoming a doctor. What changed?
“God, John, I don’t care,” Sherlock muttered, his own voice wavering. John wanted to ask him why, but he couldn’t form any more words. The only sounds he could muster were broken sobs.
The flight was as boring and uneventful as most people would expect an 8-hour flight to be. John didn’t speak much. He had his headphones on for 90% of the journey and his hands ghosted over an invisible keyboard in front of him. Sherlock occasionally gave him encouraging smiles, but they shared no conversation. He was given similar treatment through landing and traveling to the exit of the airport. Sherlock hailed a taxi and threw luggage into the back once again as John absentmindedly climbed into the back of the taxi.
“I beg your pardon, but… are you auditioning for Julliard as well?” he asked, his voice surprisingly soft.
“Why are you searching for a list of faculty?” Sherlock asked, his fork-full of pasta pausing on the way to his mouth. “It just said to e-mail the admissions office in the letter.”
John let out a small huff. His eyes burned. He put his phone on the bedside table and rolled over. Sleep eventually took over his overwhelming sadness.
John was almost home, so he figured as long as he kept up his quick pace and kept walking he’d be there in a few minutes. He was wrong. Immediately he was jumped by 2 or 3 men; he felt a sharp prick in his neck, and his hand immediately grabbed for the source. The muggers were trying to inject some sort of drug into him, but he ripped the syringe out of their grasp before too much could be administered. At least his doctor-in-training brain wasn’t completely incapacitated through his drunken haze. The muggers dragged him into the ally and knocked him to the ground. As drunk as John was, he didn’t make much of an effort to stand back up. He must have made some kind of noise, though, because a short time later he felt the soft hand of an older woman was on his shoulder, shaking him to keep him awake. He opened his eyes, but immediately closed them again when he was assaulted by the flashing of the police lights.
It wasn’t until two days later that John realised while watching some old footage of Loony Desperado on the telly that Sherlock Holmes looked almost exactly like the Supervillain. In fact, John was almost positive they were one and the same. Desperado wore the same coat, scarf and sinfully tight bespoke suits. The only difference being that Desperado wore a pirate hat with a vivid red feather and pulled the blue scarf over his face so that you could only see his eyes.
“Well, well, well… What a surprise to see you here Johnny.” Rosamund Moran stepped out from behind a flap of blackout curtain, her pistol pointed at Sherlock’s head. Before John could move he felt the cold press of a gun nozzle at the back of his head. “That’s my new man, Ajay. You were one of a kind Johnny, so very hard to replace. But I did my best, and Ajay here hasn’t ever missed a shot.”
The closer he got the hotter his cheeks felt. It was crazy, since Sherlock had hit puberty he had experienced a strong reaction to anything army related. It was extremely embarrassing and he had expected to grow out of the obsession but it only seemed to get worse the older he got.
"I will forgive you, Sherlock. Because I love you. I love you so bloody much it's scary. And also since I love you that much…there's really no need for us to start over."
Sherlock gave him a soft smile. “Well, at least we know we aren’t alone in the nerves department. What is your name, if I may ask?”
Mycroft pushed Sherlock aside and looked John up and down. John shied away from his stare. He looked briefly to see that Mycroft had his eyes trained on his arms. Mycroft grabbed one of his arms and looked at it.
The four friends sat down to dinner. Sherlock just played his last performance before his graduation from the Royal Academy of Music. For nostalgia’s sake, Molly was welcomed aboard the performance, as the accompaniment part required two pianists. It was so much fun to play on stage with his two favorite pianists, and favorite people in the whole wide world.
to hear you play. Nobody there thought anything of you other than the fact that you were probably the most amazing pianist to ever grace that stage.”
Nobody had ever driven Sherlock to tears and he had heard more sad stories than he had cared to hear for a lifetime.
Sherlock took a deep breath. His eyes glistened with tears that he really didn’t feel like crying right now. He was still dehydrated from all the crying he’d done yesterday. “You’re worth everything, John. I believed in your abilities and to me that was well worth the risk.”
The judge gave a curt nod and leaned back in her seat, returning her focus to the other judges next to her. Sherlock turned around and bolted backstage and towards where John had gone. He ran down the hall to the men’s restroom and opened it gently, listening. He heard gentle sniffling coming from inside.
He looked out to the stage and saw the orchestra warming up. The New York Philharmonic orchestra. Warming up. For his concerto. Where he was the soloist. He was so giddy with nerves and excitement, he wasn’t sure how he was going to live through this.
“Shall we go out for a late dinner to celebrate?” Molly suggested, her face lit up with excitement. It must be strange for her to be sitting in the audience for once John thought to himself.
“Damnit…” he whispered to himself, his eyes stinging from tears that so desperately wanted to fall. The one good thing he’d managed to grab onto, and soon he was going to have to let him go. How could he do this?
“A couple of months, he thinks. But he won’t know for sure until later. He says two to three months at most, though, so it won’t be too long of a wait.”
“I don’t understand…” the first judge said again. “His recording was absolutely phenomenal. This can’t be the same pianist.”
“He was kidding around. You know, he isn’t completely heartless, John. Like I said, he rubs people the wrong way. They take his sarcasm and his stand-offish attitude too seriously, and they do as you did and assume that he’s a complete arse who only cares about himself. He wasn’t ever actually going to force me to keep playing on a busted wrist.”
After reaching the end of the piece, John turned to Sherlock, looking out of breath. “Would you like me to run through it again?”
John made his way to Royal Albert Hall. After Sherlock’s rehearsal, they were going to head to the West End to see a musical together. He paused outside the door as he heard that he and Molly were still rehearsing pretty intensely. John smiled as he listened to them. In the end he was glad he’d turned down Sherlock’s request. There was no doubt that he and Molly played together like an absolute dream.
“Are you sure Julliard’s for you, John?” Sherlock asked. “We could pursue graduate studies at home, where the waitresses don’t sing everything about the pile of pancakes they’ve just put down in front of you.”
“Well, you’re lucky you aren’t dead. Because if you had gotten killed, I would have resurrected you and killed you myself,” Molly said, crossing her arms and fixing him with an angry stare.
then you just keep fighting for your dream. I’ll tell you something I’ve never told anyone before, John… I used to be just like you.”
a brother. He died a few years ago in an accident. I had a sister too. Her name was Eurus, and she was a phenomenal violist. She also…had a tragic passing.”
The rest of the night was spent full of friends, laughter, and for the first time in a long time, John felt completely at peace. He’d never been as ready to fall asleep curled up in Sherlock’s arms as he was that night after they’d all gone to sleep. John’s bed was much smaller than Sherlock’s over on Baker Street, but that just meant that they had to curl up that much closer to each other.
The next words out of John’s mouth were barely a whisper, but they ripped through Sherlock’s ears like a scream. “That I might actually have a bloody goddamn shot at this.”
It was John’s turn to flush a bright pink as he looked down at his lap, twiddling his fingers. “I love you so much, Sherlock… I’ve no idea what I’d do without you.”
. Now I know that we have not known each other long at all, and this whole speech may probably scare you away for good, but this is why I’ve fallen for you, John. This is why I like you. This is why I
Mrs. Hudson waddled off in front of them as Sherlock slowly helped John make his way into the building and up the stairs to Sherlock’s flat. Eventually they made it all the way up.
“Or,” Sherlock began. “I played horribly, and they were so confused at how everyone thinks I’m one of the greatest musicians of my time when I could barely get out a piece as simple as Dance of the Goblins.”
John chuckled and threw his own cards before climbing over the table and planting a kiss on Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m only kidding, you know. You’re not
He eventually made his way onto the plane and found his seat. He sat down next to a younger gentleman, who looked nothing short of ‘I’d-rather-be-anywhere-else-but-here.’ Charming. Sherlock had no complaints, though. A stoic, silent seatmate meant that conversation would likely be minimal. Perhaps even nonexistent.
Sherlock looked at him with bright, blue eyes. He couldn’t read what was there, but whatever it was had his heart racing.
Suddenly he was awash in the bright lights of the stage. He stepped towards the piano, and time felt like it had slowed to a stop. His palms were sweating profusely, and he could hear his heart beat in his head. He sat at the piano and felt his breath coming in short, rapid breaths.
When they finally hailed a cab they rode to John’s home in silence. When they arrived, John got out of the cab. He turned before he shut the door. “Thank you for the lovely day; it’s been a while since I’ve enjoyed something like this.”
Sherlock rammed himself into the door several times. He felt it gradually getting looser but it wasn’t enough.
“I guess I heard them getting you and I came back outside because of the commotion. I was being a concerned boyfriend.”
They continued to excitedly chatter over lunch, without a care in the world. But back at Sherlock’s flat, his entire world was falling apart. He knelt on the ground, tears falling from his eyes onto the paper that he held in shaking fists.
It was John Watson’s first day at a public school. He had just moved to London and had been homeschooled all through his life. However, money became very tight and his parents both had to get jobs, which meant that he could no longer do that.
“So, Molly, I’ve got a question for you,” John said between sips of beer. “Is Sherlock, you know… always… an
However, there was something about the new student that he just seemed to take a liking to. He didn’t really understand why. Was it his messy blonde hair? His blue-grey eyes? His awkward mannerisms? Sherlock honestly had no idea. He had always thought of himself higher than anyone. Therefore, he didn’t make friends. What made this John character so different?
So I had posted this earlier and I received a comment on how transportation to school works differently in the UK, so I went through and tried to fix it up best I could. I didn't want to leave the story up because I didn't know how long it would take me to fix everything, but hopefully this is better than it was. ^.^
“They’re worried about you too, love. They know how much you wanted this, and they want you to get that spot in that school too. They know—we all know—how much you deserve it.”
John shook his head, slowly nibbling on the food in front of him. “I just don’t understand how you see that in me, Sherlock. I really don’t.”
John gave him a curt nod before climbing into the back of the taxi. They rolled down the window and waved frantic goodbyes to their friends.
John pulled away from his embrace and moved to hide himself, his face burning with embarrassment. “It isn’t what you need right now,” he mumbled, barely audible from where he was currently trying to bury himself into a troubled fetal position. “For God’s sake, you were just in tears not 5 minutes ago. Your emotions are all over the place and you just need a calm, relaxing evening.”
“Alright, um, where did we leave off?” John asked, turning back around to flip through his music. Though Sherlock was not fully convinced that John was fine, he figured that playing would keep his mind more preoccupied than going home and doing nothing at all.
Despite the harshness of John’s words, the slightest hint of a smile played across Sherlock’s lips. “I think you’ve gotten him to mellow out a bit.”
He made sure to emphasize his points by prodding John in the chest as he spoke. It wasn’t until Sherlock focused in on the look of utter shock John was giving him that Sherlock realized he’d practically leapt across the table full of food. He slowly pulled himself back, bringing a closed fist up to his face and clearing his throat.
Mycroft was silent. Sherlock wasn't looking at him. "For God's sake, Mycroft, I knew it was going to be boring, but falling asleep, real-"
“Such talent… wasted on a career as a doctor,” he whispered to himself as the piece came to a close. He walked into the room, clapping slowly. John jolted in his seat, and Sherlock could see the blush on the back of his neck.
“You’d think one of the most prestigious music schools in the United States would have a more user-friendly interface,” Molly muttered, typing furiously in the search bar. “I just want a bloody list of faculty or something.”
Isn't it weird how stories can evolve so suddenly, without any warning? Especially when you spend so many years working on them.
John wrapped his arms around his partner and laid his head on his shoulder. “I told you I’d do anything for you, and I meant it.
its not explicit, but, it accidentally got a little sexy on me. oops (I haven't written anything remotelyrelated to smut in such a long time I'm so sorry)
“I feel awful taking up all of your time like this, John. You still have things for school to finish, don’t you?”
“So, Sherly, making nice with the new kid already?” Sherlock sighed as Jim and his friends walked up to him. Again. A very dull question, from a very dull person, of course. Sherlock did not particularly like Jim. He was rather large; if it weren’t for his massive size he wouldn’t be able to scare anything. Surely someone with a brain capacity as small as his could not do anything without a little help.
He couldn’t believe the sound he’d just made. He was pretty sure his hands had pressed down nowhere near where his first chords were supposed to be. He panicked and ripped his hands away from the keys.
It didn't take Sherlock very long to figure out that John had been hiding out at his friend Mike's house. Besides Sherlock, Mike was really the only friend that understood John, but he lived a ways across town, so John didn’t see him much. How Sherlock came to figure out Mike's address, well, he would never admit. There was a 72% chance that it wasn't legal. Anyway, the important thing was that he was going to find John, and he was going to apologize, and he was going to take John home.
With that, Sherlock left the room. The door closed, and John was left with his forms, the piano, and a slightly elevated heart rate.
“Oh, that diner a few blocks down is open now if you all want to go grab some lunch,” Mike said. Molly and John both frantically agreed, and the three of them set out in search of the next cab. They spent brunch talking ever-so-slightly less about John, upon his request, and more about what Molly and Mike had been up to while he was away for the past week.
“I’m not telling you this as your boyfriend. I’m telling you this as a musician that has played with you and listened to you play countless times.”
Sherlock sighed and fell back against the bathroom wall. The silence that fell upon the room was suffocating.
He was awoken by a loud buzzing, followed by a frantic John flapping about to find his phone on the bedside table. Sherlock groaned and rolled away from him. “Why do you
John’s eyes fell closed as silent tears began to fall from his eyes. “I can’t… I’m not good enough for this, Sherlock. I never should have done this. I can’t do this.”
“Shut up,” Sherlock muttered through gritted teeth before standing up and pulling his pants on. Eventually, the two of them finally managed to make themselves look somewhat presentable, and they were just in time to greet Molly’s furious knocking on the door of 221B Baker Street. It was John who answered, as Sherlock was busy sulking in his chair in the living room. Molly pushed past John after a brisk greeting, thundering up the stairs and slamming her bag down on the living room table. She walked over to where Sherlock sat and bent forward so she was level with his gaze.
The two of them bolted up and ran down towards the front door, each of them seizing half a pile of mail in their hands. They ran to the dining room table, throwing the mail down as excitement flooded through them.
“Molly!” John shouted, jumping up from his seat. “I don’t have time for this! Why, there’s rehearsals on top of rehearsals, I’ve still got this paper to write!”
Sherlock walked back over to his chair and slumped down into it. “Let’s just take some deep breaths and start over. You don’t have a great tragic loss of a sibling. But what do you have?”
She happily took their orders for their drinks and danced off. John and Sherlock exchanged looks. Sherlock looked thoroughly displeased, but John couldn’t help but be amused.
“I suppose we should be off, then. Don’t want to keep you from your work all day long,” John muttered through his stretch.
“Tell me as a fellow musician, as someone who got into Juilliard with full scholarships… do you really think that I have even a sliver of a chance at getting into this school? Was… was all of this worth it?”
By the end of the day, Sherlock was even more in love with the school than he had already been. The director of the doctorate program had been his guide, and from what Sherlock could tell he was already rather impressed with him. He had told Sherlock they were going to be delighted to hear him audition the next day. He finally showed Sherlock to the area of the school where auditions were taking place; there were several practice rooms opened up and reserved for those auditioning to practice following up to their audition.
Mycroft pulled Sherlock into a hug. Nothing violent about it; just a hug. However, Sherlock immediately pulled away, staring at his brother in disbelief.
Sherlock’s blush deepened, but he stood up and clapped his hands together. “Just think about that. Think about me playing with you. How calm you feel, how masterfully you play the instrument in front of you. Think of that and let everything else go.”
Mike and Sherlock chuckled as they broke from the hug. The groups departed again and this time they only offered a short wave as they turned around to bid their friends farewell while they walked away. The two men walked further and further into the airport. They turned a corner, officially leaving their friends, their families, their London behind them. Not forever. Not for good. Just for now.
John felt nauseated at the sheer ignorance. “Yeah, well, she needs her hand to play, so I think that takes priority,” John snapped back without turning to face the man who was speaking to him. “She’s going to see a doctor. Mike, take her to Bart’s, would you?”
Sherlock responded to the teasing with a kiss, promptly shutting John up, but doing nothing to stop the smaller man’s shaking. Sherlock chuckled into the kiss, squeezing John closer to him.
Sherlock heard a scuffling as John stood up and opened up the stall, stepping out of it on shaky legs. Sherlock launched himself off of the floor and ran to him and grabbed him by the shoulders. “Go out there and show them that you’re the best damn pianist they’ve ever seen.”
Once they got to Sherlock’s house, he opened the door and peered inside. He heard his parents in the other room talking about something. He checked the umbrella basket by the door and saw that Mycroft’s umbrella was gone.
I really hope you guys enjoy this story, because I really love writing about these two in a classical music performance setting. My two greatest loves wrapped into one.
with delight. Sherlock was taken aback with shock, watching John flail about madly before pulling Sherlock into a hug so tight he thought he felt a rib crack. When John pulled away from the hug he was smiling one of the biggest smiles Sherlock had ever seen.
Sherlock shrugged, slowly picking at his food. “No need. The least I can do considering all the effort you lot are putting in. Though, I still think it’s pointless and you’d both be better off if you just left it alone.”
John simply shook his head. But deep down, he knew that everything Molly had just told him made complete sense.
“Are you a world class psychic now, too?” Sherlock asked, thoroughly unimpressed. Sherlock had just broken up with his girlfriend of 4 years.
Sherlock couldn’t help his smile and his blush. “Okay, we can work with that. Don’t think about everyone watching you. Just think about… think about me. Think about all of our performances together. What did you think about then?”
His parents didn’t even notice him walk in; he made his way up to his room without a word. He flopped down onto his bed and let his mind wander.
The days passed just as they had before John had ever gotten sucked back into the music world. It had been two weeks since Molly had gotten the all-clear to continue playing, and he hadn’t seen or heard from Sherlock Holmes since the night of the performance.
He and John checked into their hotel room. John’s nerves had been increasingly intensifying since they got on the plane at Heathrow, and seeing as Sherlock couldn’t even seem to get his attention, all of his attempts to calm him down were failing.
John could hear Sherlock’s panicked voice from the other side of the door as he continued his worthless attempts to bust the door open. Suddenly, the door was ripped from its hinges, and Sherlock crashed onto his knees next to John and picked him up.
. It was not quiet. As if right on cue, his parents started shouting. It made John sad, how much they argued just because of money. He thought it sad how such a trivial object got in the way of two people’s feelings for each other.
Sherlock lifted his violin into playing position and gave a curt nod. “Start a few beats slower than the marked tempo, whatever you are comfortable with to get yourself used to the part.”
“Well, to be honest… I don’t think I’m ready to let go of music yet. I hadn’t realized how much I missed this damn piano until you asked me to play for you.”
Before Sherlock could make any sort of response, Mike pushed John towards home. “Well, I better be getting this oaf home before he destroys half of London,” Mike said, eyeing John as he drunkenly swayed where he stood before him. Sherlock seemed to have filled with a sudden sadness that John couldn’t help but notice in his drunken daze.
Mycroft smirked and stepped closer. “So this is your ‘boy toy.’ I thought you could do better Sherlock.
“Oh, John, I can’t tell you how grateful I am that you were my accompanist for tonight! Why, you played like a dream! An absolute dream!”
Mycroft picked up one of the stray papers and read them. There was a name at the top that seemed familiar.
Tears fell slowly down Sherlock’s face as he stared helplessly at the phone, trying to will the words to type themselves in the text box. Nothing happened. Mycroft came into the room.
“Oh, thank you dear,” Mrs. Hudson said, her voice soft. “I’ll go get you boys some tea; John looks like he could use some of the strong stuff.”
Sherlock turned to ensure that the muggers were all put in their cuffs before wrapping John’s left arm around him and hoisting him up into a standing position.
Sherlock gave a soft smile. “Well, I must say, I am looking forward to getting to know you better, John. Our music has already told me so much about you, but, I want to hear your voice.”
And of course, Julliard grabbed his attention. One of the most prestigious music schools in the whole world, and he was almost certain that he would be accepted. Why, he was bloody Sherlock Holmes. Only barely in his 20s and already one of the most prestigious concert violinists of his time.
The halls were immediately quiet again. The students returned to their conversations among their groups of friends as Jim and his friends stormed out of the school; all except for Sherlock. Sherlock turned and went to help John up off of the ground.
a people person, this much was obvious. Molly Hooper was about the only person on this planet that Sherlock could say the company was enjoyable. He’d barely known John for a month and he’d already surpassed Molly by leaps and bounds. What was it about John that made Sherlock spiral out of control?
“Oh, Molly, don’t be ridiculous,” John said, trying not to laugh. “Sherlock always speaks so highly of you. He loves you, in his own Sherlockian way.”
Would they really? He was so rusty… sure, he’d been a force to be reckoned with back when he competed and performed regularly, but. It wasn’t medicine. It wasn’t supposed to be what he wanted.
“Because it doesn’t make sense! I’ve hardly known him for a month, how could I be in love with someone I barely know?”
Maybe that’s what made him nervous. John always threw his own feelings under the bus just to make sure that he protected the feelings of others. He was absolutely going to tell Sherlock to chase is dreams and say to hell with his own, and Sherlock hated that.
“Oh my god!” John cried, bounding towards Sherlock and jumping onto him. Sherlock reflexively wrapped his arms around him so he wouldn’t bring both of them down to the ground.
The judge shook her head. “I’m sorry, Mr. Holmes, but we have several other auditions to get through today. Mr. Watson’s time slot is almost up,” she remarked, emphasizing the comment with a glance down at the watch on her wrist. “If you can’t get him out here in the next ten minutes, I’m afraid we’re going to have to mark him as a no show.”
The phone fell from Sherlock’s hand and he sat there, motionless. It was much too late now, right? To call them. It was just after 6 here.
Sherlock gave no verbal answer. He instead picked up his phone from the floor and tossed it in John’s direction before falling back into the chair and whipping his computer open. John tapped the replay button on the voicemail and held it up to his ear. His smile grew wider with each second before he ran to hover behind Sherlock’s shoulder, watching as he furiously looked up what time the admissions office closed.
Sherlock had never been the type to be dramatic. Though, he seemed to be the only one who thought so. He practically kissed the ground when they landed in the Heathrow airport. They were greeted by an ever-ecstatic Molly and Mike, who were anxiously awaiting any and all news about what transpired in the colonies. As tired as John was, he couldn’t refuse sitting down to an early brunch with his two dearest friends to tell them about everything that had happened. Sherlock, on the other hand, was more than happy to turn down the invitation. John gave him a pleading look, but he finally gave up when he realized that there was no keeping Sherlock away from his home bed any longer. So, they hopped into two separate cabs. John, Mike, and Molly headed for the boys’ flat, and Sherlock headed for his own flat on Baker Street.
.” All the air seems to have left John’s lungs. Sherlock blushes and lowers his eyes for a moment. “You… You’re not. It’s bad luck for the groom to see-”
“Bloodhound! It’s Bloodhound! My Hero status is so obvious I find it hard to believe that it has escaped you due to its sheer obviousness! I am no Supervillain! I am a Super
The stranger stared at John intently for a moment, John tried not to squirm under the heavy gaze. “You followed my directions.”
Sherlock was right, as always. John found Rosamund hiding backstage, up in the scaffolding above the stage. John hid amongst the curtains and sent off a quick message to his companion.
“Right, as soon as this chase is done we’re buying you another fridge and it’s going upstairs for you to use for… Pus. The one down here is for food only.”
“Sorry Sir!” Sherlock panted, this was harder than it looked. Especially with an erection. Sherlock couldn’t remember the last time he’d had this many erections in one week. Possibly not since he was fourteen years old.
There was a cry of pain from behind Sherlock, the Administrator’s body hit the ground with a loud thud. The click of the hammer being pulled back on the pistol was loud in the silence. John stepped up beside Sherlock, the gun now pointed at Moriarty.
“Oh! John!” Sherlock gasped, appearing to suddenly come back to himself. He looked down at John’s hands, where John was still holding out the engagement ring he’d offered to Sherlock a moment ago.
“John!” Sherlock gasped, his back smacking against the wall of their room. John had moved away from his mouth and was sucking hot kisses onto Sherlock's neck.
John growled, pulling at Sherlock’s jacket and tattered shirt. There was another ripping sound as John tore it from Sherlock and threw it somewhere over his shoulder. “Oh sweetheart, the things you say.”
Sherlock was proud of himself for not jumping at the sudden scream, “Why should I trust you to tell the truth?”
There was an incessant ringing noise. Sherlock wanted it to stop, he was warm and comfy in bed and he very, very much didn’t want to get up to answer his mobile phone.
At least walking home in the dark involved a certain level of risk. John caught himself wishing Loony Desperado would make another appearance and cause some mayhem if only so that it would give him an excuse to put on his Captain London guise again.
Sherlock nodded, flicking the report open and scanning the text. Nothing unusual, no markings or tattoos on the body, no foreign DNA found. Whoever had done this was good. Sherlock slipped on a pair of blue latex gloves and removed the sheet from Moran’s remains. It was a mess.
“To a point, you can’t transfigure say that chair into a sandwich and get any nutritional benefit from it. You also can’t conjure things willy-nilly, it has to exist somewhere for you to bring it forth.” Sherlock explained. “I have my old textbooks here somewhere, you could read them if you like?”
Sherlock ended the call and looked back at Lestrade. “Mycroft has arranged for me to go undercover to find our murderer with the ULOTC. I will, of course alert you immediately once I have found him.”
The Captain chuckled. “Oh don’t worry I know who you are, I looked you up. Googled you after the first day of training. Consulting Detective aye? Interesting. Not sure I believe all that stuff about deductions on your website though.”
“With my job at the Zoo, it really helps with all the animals. Most of them if they can’t be rehabilitated end up living there permanently.” John continued, sliding the back door open and stepping inside. “It’s nice, they remember me you know? One of the Lions crash tackles me every time I go in there to say G’day.”
“You bitch! You locked me up! You and your brother! Two years! You taunted me, suffocated me. Do you have any idea? Any idea what they did to me? Do you?” John yelled, his body now exposed, the fire had burned away everything. The twisting, crisscrossing scars that covered his entire body began to glow and crack like hot magma. John’s skin turned black, like coal, his voice deepened and became rough with emotion.
John was watching him carefully, his head tilted slightly. Obviously listening to their conversation closely. He’d put on the jeans now, which Sherlock had to admit was just a
The drive out of the city to John’s house was quiet. Sherlock felt like an idiot, who had a panic attack in a public bathroom because he didn’t want to separate from a man he’d known for less than twenty-four hours? Ridiculous.
Ohhh, what a shame. Looks like the production of Les Misérables has been rescheduled due to a rampant stomach bug that has gone through the whole cast. - SH
This seemed to fully capture Desperado’s attention. He raised his eyebrow in a mix of curiosity and disdain. The movement caused his pirate’s hat to tilt dangerously to the side. “Interesting. Even if by some minuscule chance you have discovered my real name, you would reveal the secret identity of a fellow Hero?”
John chuckled, his voice rough and breathless. “I wanted to bend you over the moment I saw you. Fuck. You’re so…” John bit down on Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking it into his mouth and pulling back, releasing it with a wet pop. Sherlock couldn’t stop the whine that escaped from his chest.
“Alright fine. Yes. I did. I masturbated with your body. It was good. I did some experiments and once we swap back I want to do it again. Happy?” Sherlock pouted.
His men followed the order without hesitation, quickly finding and breaking down the back door. The four men spared a moment to check their route was clear before bolting out into the open. John knew this manoeuvre probably wouldn’t work. They’d need to run, without being seen, across the valley to rendezvous with their extraction helicopter. It was a long shot, but it was better than sitting in that house and waiting to die.
ammunition to the Taliban. No honour amongst thieves I guess?” John laughed humorlessly. “Fuck, I served my last tour with him, played cards together, got drunk together and then what? That was a shitty day for all of us when we found out.”
Sherlock shrugged, “Well, I haven’t. Not really, I mean. I’m sure my parents dragged my brother and me to a Zoo at some point but I’ve probably deleted it.”
“I repeat, drop the citizen.” Well, clearly the man was more brawn than brain. Sherlock had offered sound advice to improve his superhero attire
“G’day gorgeous!” John’s smile was just as breathtaking as it had been yesterday. Perhaps even more so now, after all they had learned about each other last night. “I hope you like scrambled tofu! I can’t remember if I mentioned it yesterday or if you were able to deduce it-”
Running around a field with an erection was new. Captain Watson had decided to start today’s training with a warm up, he was leading the group at a fast, but steady pace. The cadets were to run in formation behind for four laps before they would run movement drills with weighted equipment.
The Zoo Administrator met him at the front gates, Sherlock frowned pulling off the stolen helmet and throwing it uncaringly away. “Azza, we need to hurry! Call the police, there is-” Sherlock’s words caught in his throat. The Administrator had pulled a gun from behind his back and pointed it at Sherlock’s chest.
“Enough.” Sherlock shrugged. He and the glowing eyed stranger stared at one another for a moment as they lay where they’d been thrown. It seemed the whole series of events had suddenly caught up with them both and they burst into hysterical laughter.
One of Johno's arms reached blindly to sweep all the random medical instruments off the steel table. They crashed loudly to the floor, Sherlock heard the crack and tinkling shatter sounds of glass breaking.
Sherlock lowered his empty glass, eyes opening and automatically slipping past the uniformed bar staff and beyond the colourful alcohol labels lining the shelves to the mirrored wall backdrop. His eyes fixed beyond the bottles to the slightly blurred reflections of the people behind him, bodies moving rhythmically. Sherlock could feel the electric energy of the club zinging down his spine.
The Captain continued walking down the line, yelling out occasionally to Cadets who had not adequately dressed, shined their shoes or missed a belt loop. He was getting closer and closer to Sherlock’s position in line and every step sent a shiver down his spine. The Captain was beyond perfection.
John heard the snap, crack of apparition and glanced down the other end of the street. Moran had appeared behind Sherlock. “SHERLOCK!” John yelled and tried again to move out from below the truck, but it was no use. It was like he was cemented to the floor.
I think if you died here, while he was gasping for air and powerless to stop me he would finally crack. He could tell me the secret to his power. That’s what I want Sherlock.”
“Cadet Holmes, welcome to the ULOTC. My name is Captain John Watson. I hope you are ready to work hard.”
“John, I don’t know how long we have before the hospital staff realise I’ve… eh… commandeered their defibrillators. So lay back please and lift up your gown.” Sherlock picked up two electrode pads and turned back to John.
“Captain!” Sherlock shouted. “Please, upstairs. My-my landlady… She lives on the-the… fuck, the ground floor.”
“Huh…” John huffed to himself and felt his entire body relax. He was out. He was free, no more scientist's to wake him at odd hours. No more experiments, no more interrogations. Sherlock had saved his life.
“Ohhhh-kay.” One of Johno’s eyebrows rose so high it nearly touched his hairline. “I’m going to pretend like that’s a totally normal thing for someone to say. Anyway, we’ve arrived, now if you could carry two of these buckets.” Johno stepped over to a large floor to ceiling glass refrigerator and dragged out four white plastic buckets. “Not to worry! It’s just full of chicken meat.”
“Of course I did! What do you think I was doing, randomly choosing criminals I liked the look of to set free? If I was a real supervillain, why would I leave some criminals behind? Why would I even start there as my first act? Surely I’d take out the CCTV system first, or perhaps rob a bank? Honestly.”
John dropped the gas lamp in alarm, the glass breaking into a hundred pieces. His eyes snapped towards Sherlock who had jumped up out of bed, now awake and looking terrified.
John’s door was closed and Sherlock stood outside unsure what to do next. He was bursting with his usual impatience to solve the puzzle once and for all, but he had never found himself in this situation and had no idea how not to drive John away. He had already dealt with the situation ridiculously thus far and he would do anything to salvage things from the damage he had done. As he stood debating whether to break the habit of a lifetime and knock, he heard movement from inside John’s room.
“Right Doctor Watson,” she said. “I’m going to have to give you a sedative. It seems there’s been too much excitement this afternoon and you need to give your body a chance to recover.”
What? That was not happening, I thought. All I knew is that I had to be as close to him as possible. It may not have been rational, but I did not care. It clicked that this was what Mycroft was trying to stall.
“I need to… What?” Sherlock licked and sucked the spot he’d just bitten. John squirmed, he pulled at Sherlock again, leaning back further. It was becoming difficult to reach John’s lips. If he leaned back any further he’d be lying flat on the kitchen bench.
John slipped the red y-fronts over his legs and glanced over at Sherlock. His eyes looked almost reflective in the dim light of the cabin, glowing and shimmering like a cats. “You didn’t burn yourself on that kettle did you, Sherlock?.”
John laughed, his eyes sparkling, “So you’re here as a favour to your brother then?” John asked, “So, did you get to choose Nigel Humphery as your undercover name?”
The third shot doesn’t come from the sniper instead, it comes as a burst of machine gun fire from a Taliban soldier that was running after them. The spray went wide, but John felt one bullet graze his right arm. Enough was enough. It was time to fight fire with literal fire.
Sherlock’s steps faltered. This was unbearable, he was starting to chafe from the growing dampness seeping into his pants. Sherlock was struggling to remember ever being this brutally turned on. Oh how he wanted Captain Watson to pull rank on him, to shout at him to drop to his knees and open his trousers with his teeth. How would the Captain taste? What did his cock look like?
Sherlock raised his hands and slowly made a fist, as his fingers pulled inwards towards his palm Moriarty grasped at his throat. “How?” James wheezed. “Y-ou?”
“I need to review all the recruits personnel files.” Sherlock said as he gulped air and readjusted his fatigues.
“Practically everyone is an idiot.” Sherlock blurted out. He felt too hot again. It must be the sun.
“I’d love a cuppa. Christ, I can’t even remember the last time I had one.” John was examining two woollen jumpers, one a white cable-knit design, the other a beautiful dark blue cashmere. Sherlock hoped he would choose the latter, but when he turned back after setting the now full kettle on the hob and turning the burner on John was wearing the white one. Shame.
“We are expecting some scarring, of course. But he should make a full recovery in a few months.” The Doctor hesitated for a moment before passing over the file to Sherlock. “Here, you can read for yourself, Doctor. I’ll let the attending nurse know you’re awake so we can perform a few tests. We’d like you to stay overnight for observation but if all goes well you should be able to go home tomorrow.”
“I think I’ve made a terrible mistake.” Sherlock gasped between sobs, he felt like an idiot. Coming home, to London, to his flat he should be happy. He should feel content, but the truth was he’d left his heart in Australia.
Sherlock smiled and glanced back at John, “We take it the same then. Shame I don’t have a slice of lemon. But, I suppose-” Sherlock’s mouth was suddenly dry, what had he been saying again? He wasn’t sure, more importantly, John had just slipped off his white linen trousers. Sherlock could see his bare arse, peeping out from below the horrible cable-knit jumper.
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to spill into his own hand, crying out John’s name into the empty hotel bathroom.
After being introduced to Michael the Zebra, Juma the Sumatran Tiger, Stomp the Cassowary, and Pip the Binturong Sherlock was about ready to throw himself into the crocodile enclosure. Perhaps Moran hadn’t been murdered at all, the poor man had probably spent a day at the Zoo and decided enough was enough. Sherlock honestly wouldn’t have blamed him.
This was all going in the John wing. All of it. He needed to know every bit of data that he could wring from John’s body. Filed and saved in the mind palace forever. Sherlock’s hand slid down from John’s left nipple and slipped under the gown.
Shoving the blanket from his legs Sherlock retrieved the folder from the pouch in the chair in front of him. He couldn’t put it off any longer, he’d need to read the stupid file and find out what he was doing here. By the time Sherlock had finished the first page he’d decided that spray painting his brother's priceless antiques would be too light of a punishment.
The next four hours were a blur if someone asked Sherlock what had happened after they kiss he wouldn’t be able to say. Mycroft's team arrived right on time and took Rosamund Moran away. Sherlock’s stab wound was treated and then John and he were escorted to a new safe house.
John leaned forward and sucked a nipple into his mouth and that was it, Sherlock’s whole body went ridged and he yelled John’s name. Hot bursts of semen painted Sherlock and John’s chest. The exquisite squeeze from the contractions of Sherlock’s orgasm toppled John over the edge and he collapsed on top of the detective.
“Oh, how exciting! John! Hopkins asked Molly to marry her and Molly said yes!” Sherlock did a little happy dance, which, obviously he would never admit to having done.
Sherlock was also sure that he was done waiting for John to make the first move. He was addicted to John, mind, body and heart. He needed him to function, to sleep, to eat. It probably wasn’t healthy to need another human being as much as Sherlock Holmes needed John Watson but it didn’t matter.
Sherlock returned to his hotel room to change, his shirt was not repairable and his pants would require a thorough washing. John was to meet Sherlock outside the hotel before they headed out together for dinner. Sherlock grabbed a fresh towel off the bed and entered the bathroom, he ignored the flashing message on his laptop. Mycroft could wait for his stupid report. Placing the towel on the basin Sherlock looked over his body in the mirror.
“Excellent. Sherlock, you’re all packed. Tickets are inside the folder.” Mycroft nodded, bending to collect his bag and walking over to the door. “Happy travels.” Anthea wasted no time in following him out and closing the door behind them. Alone in the room, Sherlock looked down at the folder he still had clasped between the sugar tongs.
The second shot found its mark through the man running behind John. He screamed, but John couldn’t stop. He had to keep running. If he tried to help the sniper would just shoot him, there wasn’t any point. The remaining three men started to weave left and right, trying to make it harder for the sniper to get a clear shot. It didn’t work.
Sherlock’s vision started to clear, he could see the graffiti on the inside of the door, smell the strong lemon scented disinfectant the restaurant used to clean the facilities. “I’m…” Sherlock swallowed. “I’m okay.”
“Oh!” Sherlock’s hands fell away from John’s shoulders to join his in Sherlock's lap. Tugging at John’s belt. He couldn’t concentrate properly, couldn’t get his hands to follow his commands. John pulled on his cock, twisting his foreskin as he reached the head. Sherlock broke their sloppy kiss to let out a deep mewling cry.
John keened, rocking up as much as he was able trying to get more of Sherlock’s cock inside. “Fuck me, Sherlock.” He snapped. “I want it.” Sherlock bottomed out, his balls pressed firmly against John’s arse. He leaned down to press his lips to John’s, they kissed for a few moments before John turned his face away. “If you don’t move, I’ll turn us over and ride-”
“I need to interview your recruits. It’s a police matter, I’m looking for a murderer who I believe is a part of your squad.”
“Hmm… You like that, Sherlock?” John slipped his hands under Sherlock’s tuxedo’s previously white shirt. They were both covered in ash. John was wearing some grey track pants and a hospital gown that the paramedics had given him to wear. “You like having my hot hands all over your body?”
“No worries! We just have to stop off at the backroom first, I’ll be needing some chickens.” Johno turned and began walking into the ‘cave’, one arm coming up to make a follow me motion towards Sherlock. “It’ll keep ‘em distracted while you poke around.”
The bright green light of the spell cracks like lighting past Johns’ head. He ducks and rolls under a lorry that is parked on the street. It’s pissing down with rain so thick and heavy it’s almost like a physical wall. John knows that green spell, he’s only ever seen it used once before and he’d never wanted to see it ever again.
“Soldier remember? I’m good a waking up and being alert fast. Especially after living with your for the last two years.”
“Shit,” Sherlock hissed while turning his collar up, standing from the bar and making his way towards the back exit, his hand slipping into his Belstaff pocket. He thumbed the home button as he pushed open the fire door, and glanced down at the screen.
It was glorious. John kissed like a starving man tasting fresh, cool water for the first time in years. Sherlock’s brain was playing an endless loop of ‘johnjohnjohncaptainjohnwatsoncaptainjohnjohnjohn’. Sherlock’s hands grasped onto John’s arms and squeezed, they were firm and tense with muscle as John pressed him even harder against the door.
John groaned, loving the feeling of Sherlock pressing their naked bodies together. “Ffffuuuuckk! Sher-
John only laughed harder, but Sherlock knew how to stop that. Peering up at John through his sweaty curls Sherlock moved his fingers in a ‘come here’ motion, pressing firmly against John’s prostate. John’s laugh abruptly cut off into a howl of pleasure.
“You did this, Rosie. You, Seb and Moriarty. You made me into this. I had control. I had a life. I want you to feel what I did, I want you to choke until you can’t breathe because there isn’t any oxygen in your lungs. I want your whole body to shake with cold. I want you to feel pain.”
If there was one thing Sherlock didn’t like about himself it as that he had an addictive personality. Once he found something that made him feel good he would do it again and again until it became unhealthy. Sherlock’s new obsession with touching John’s penis was no exception.
Sherlock watches in awe as John leant over the bed to reach for some y-fronts and a pair of dark charcoal wash jeans. “Hmmff…” Sherlock’s mouth says without his permission.
Sherlock hums happily and shifts his position slightly, then he takes John so far down his throat that the wizard’s nose is buried in John’s pubic hair.
“Would you like a demonstration?” Sherlock asked as they stood side by side leaning up against a flashing police car and watching the offices take Jones away.
“I had to see you,” Sherlock admits and his blush deepens. “I’m really nervous, and well… I thought.” He shrugs and just stands there. He looks so small and adorable that John can’t be mad at him.
“Well, I suppose that depends. Girlfriend?” John leant forward, stomach in knots as he put himself on the line, at least a little. It was worth a shot, John would never forgive himself if he didn’t at least try to find out if Sherlock was interested in him.
“Probably.” Sherlock agreed with a shrug. “Moriarty’s dead, Moran’s in Azkaban. Irene and Kate are off somewhere in Europe on another sex-holiday. Everything is just, perfect.”
Sherlock can assume that inside the glass coffin, there is little to no oxygen, making it almost impossible for John to ignite and the temperature inside would be freezing. Forcing John to waste his energy on keeping warm and not much else. Quite ingenious really, specifically designed to hold a person who can control fire.
John pulled back and pushed in again, as Sherlock shouted one then two, then three. John started going faster and amazingly Sherlock kept up. John grasped Sherlock’s hips and tilted him. “Keep your hips down Cadet!” John gasped.
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed as he watched Sherlock throw on his Belstaff and scarf. “Very well, I’ll let you handle this.”
It was after several months of boredom, inactivity and frustration that the first incident happened. Someone had stolen the Super Serum™ and used it on themselves, thus becoming London’s first Supervillain. Loony Desperado; as he was called by the British media.
“How wonderful! You finally decided to join us.” Moriarty smiled, “Before we begin, I really need to get something off my chest. You see, I was always a fan of those James Bond movies. Ever since I was a child, I’d always wanted to do something really crazy. Like, for example. Feed my enemy’s loved ones to a shark…” Moriarty looked over towards the pool where the crocodiles lay completely still, waiting. “Unfortunately, and you might not know this, my dear, but you can’t keep a Great White alive in captivity. So I chose my next favourite…”
“That your imbecilic agent caused,” Sherlock cut in. Mycroft just gave him that ‘shut it or I’ll tell mummy on you’ look he hated so much. No wonder his parents had had a second child, clearly, they were so aghast by the first they needed to try again.
Sherlock closed the manila folder and pressed himself back into the seat, his hands coming together in front of his lips. It seemed Mycroft hadn’t taken him off Moriarty’s case after all. Someone had gotten close to his most trusted adviser, too close. But who would have had the means to zip tie a dishonourably discharged, ex-special forces sniper, disable all the cameras in a public zoo and feed him to a crocodile?
Sherlock smirked, pulling John’s handgun from behind his back and aiming it at Moriarty. “It’s both, actually.”
“P-please!” It was too much, Sherlock needed something, anything. His arms hurt, his legs hurt his back hurt but his brain had short-circuited with the endorphins and adrenaline and was interpreting the signals as pleasure instead of pain. His whole body was tight and ready to snap.
“I’m sorry John, it’s just… I’ve just realised, well. Everything worked out, didn’t it? You and I are married, you’re totally okay with magic. We haven’t been killed or maimed chasing murderers, Molly and DI Hopkins are together. Lestrade and Mycroft are some weird version of permanent friends with benefits.”
The Captain glanced at him and their eyes met, and as cliche as the saying was it really felt like the world stopped for a moment, and his heart skipped several beats. Sherlock immediately stiffened his posture and returned his gaze forward. He could actually feel the heat radiating off his face.
On their walk back Sherlock paused, seeing the house from afar in the bright daylight for the first time. It was beautiful, the roof was covered in grass and plants, several rows of solar panels sat off to one side with a large water tank on the other side of the house. Everything was such a rich vibrant green it reminded Sherlock strongly of Ireland.
Sherlock chuckled, his head thumping back against the wall again. It was sore and a little tender, he’d obviously smacked it a bit harder than he’d meant to earlier. “Hungry?”
Sebastian fired twice at Sherlock, but the wind was too strong and the bullets were pushed off course. Moriarty gasped, he was standing in the centre of a tornado with Sherlock.
“Not sure what good it will be, don’t know much, to be honest. Only what I overheard, or what I learned while I was stuck in that cell.” John shrugged, his scarred hands coming to rest on the wooden table in front of him.
“You know that twizzle thing they do with their wands?” John attempted to recreate the wand movement with a discarded straw he’d been playing with.
Suddenly John was surrounded by heat. There was fire all around him, burning him. His jeans were alight, his belt buckle felt like it was burning a hole through his stomach and he couldn’t move because Sherlock had glued him down with magic.
“Yes, I will. I grant you it’s not every day someone magically falls through my ceiling onto my dining room table but that doesn’t mean I won’t shoot you.”
“Oh god!” Sherlock moaned, the strength in Johno’s arms, the flex of muscles under sun-warmed skin. It was even more erotic when Sherlock could feel it happening under his palms. Feel his strength in the way Johno’s hands gripped his thighs. “Johno!”
John nodded and made his way over to the box, busying himself with setting up the wood to begin the fire. Sherlock shucked off his wet coat, hung it on the back of the door and went to rummage through the vacuum-packed bundles of emergency clothing that Mycroft had thoughtfully stockpiled for him. Ripping open one of the bags Sherlock pulled out a few jumpers, undershirts, pants, jeans and socks. The sizes weren’t going to be ideal for John’s smaller, stockier frame but they’d at least prevent the man from freezing to death.
“Good boy.” The Captain lifted him and laid him on his back across the desk, Sherlock’s legs wrapped around his waist. “Now, I want you to scream for me.”
“Yes Sir! Sorry Sir!” Williams immediately dropped to one knee and began re-tying his laces quickly. Sherlock gulped and let his breath out slowly. He could feel sweat on the back of his neck already.
A bolt of tingly pleasure shot down Sherlock’s spine as his hand brushed one of John’s nipples. “Oh!” Sherlock gasped and glanced down at his chest. John’s nipples were extremely sensitive. Experimentally Sherlock brushed a calloused fingertip over it again, it felt amazing even through the hospital gown.
The Zookeeper turned to face Sherlock, his eyes darker than before. “You’d be surprised by how stupid people can be.”
“You’re a freak!” Rosamund was trying to escape John’s hold on her leg, she was writhing in pain and trying to slash at John with her knife. The blade caught on John’s shoulder and instantly burst into flame, the metal of the knife melting. Rosamund flung it away with a shout.
“I’m with MI6, that’s all you need to know right now.” Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off the strange man, the way his muscles pulled and tensed like he was readying himself for a fight. Sherlock had known from the first glance that the man had been a soldier, but to see that he’d lost none of the awareness of his body. The deadly way he carried himself, was heady. Now was not the time for Sherlock’s all-consuming military kink to make an appearance. He needed to focus.
The moment they walked into 221B Sherlock was, for the second time in as many weeks pressing his back against the door. This time however it wasn’t due to exhaustion, it was because Captain John Watson had shoved him against it and proceeded to devour his mouth.
Sherlock caught a slight movement from John out of the corner of his eye. “Three days ago I got too close. Didn’t I?” Sherlock smirked, looking back at Jim Moriarty and taking a step closer. “Mycroft and I almost had you and you panicked. You killed Moran because you knew it would draw our attention. Perhaps even a visit in person?” Sherlock glanced behind him, Azza’s pistol was still pointed his way. “You intercepted our communication. Sent an email to Mycroft asking for his presence, my darling brother being the overprotective git that he is, immediately boarded a plane.”
“Sherlock?” John called his lover’s name gently, he’d waited for a moment for a reaction or answer to his question but when none had been forthcoming he’d decided to prompt the wizard. Sherlock continued to stare at John and just blink quickly in succession. John waited again. “It’s getting a bit scary now, love?”
“Don’t shush me, Houdini. I may not be a wizard, but I sure as hell know you can only modify a person’s memory so many times before you turn their brain to mush! You can’t keep turning Anderson into a bird forever.”
John almost jumped when he felt Sherlock’s foot stroke up and down his calf, it felt soft and silky through the lycra morph suit. It seemed Sherlock had taken John’s words to heart earlier about being more obvious with his actions and making his intentions clear.
Sherlock snatched the blindfold from his face, the time difference between this blasted place and home was disgusting. It would take days for his internal clock to adjust. When he got back to London Sherlock was going to break into Mycroft's prissy house and spray paint every single one of his antiques hot pink. The bastard.
Sherlock flicked his hair back away from his eyes, they were both sweaty now. John was warmer than he’d been at the beginning, but he was conscious of keeping the power down. He couldn't risk accidentally channelling and burning Sherlock.
John rolled over to the other side of the lorry and started to climb out from underneath. He spotted Sherlock crouched behind a skip in the mouth of an alleyway. Sherlock’s eyes met John’s and narrowed.
Sherlock picked up the two cups of tea he had been preparing and placed one down in front of his guest. Taking the other seat with a sigh, Sherlock prepared himself for a long conversation. “Yes, he does. My apologies John, I had wanted to ask for your help officially, however, Mycroft's call forced my hand. Thank you for offering information.”
“Get off me!” Rosamund screamed, Sherlock was still fighting her. They were rolling around on the crosswalk, coming frighteningly close to the edge.
Sherlock was gasping and panting as he stroked his (John’s) cock. “Ah!” He was dripping pre-cum onto his belly. Actually dribbling. It was wet and slippery and hot, so hot.
“What about Rosamund?” Sherlock asked, “You mentioned she was Sebastian's twin. How did you find out about her?” John’s body language changed abruptly at the mention of the assassin. He looked, ashamed? Guilty? Angry? Sherlock wasn’t sure.
Sherlock was then introduced to several other staff members who were all very tedious, and then after a very much unwanted comment concerning his nutrition from the Administrator’s wife (who was also his secretary) Sherlock found himself on a personal tour of the Zoo and all of its insipid attractions.
The man’s back tensed, then he rolled over to face the detective and Sherlock could not stop himself from gasping aloud. The prisoner's eyes were glowing, flickering and sparking like hot embers at the heart of a fire. It should be impossible, but Sherlock couldn’t deny what he was seeing with his own eyes. The man in the cell frowned at him, then let his gaze travel slowly, deliberately around the room before returning back.
Once John had made it through the fever of infection and healed, his Doctors discovered that the extensive scar tissue prevented John from a full range of movement. Due to John’s now reduced viability as a Super Soldier, he was summarily honourably discharged and returned to London. A non-disclosure agreement meant that John was unable to tell anyone or use his abilities publicly least the Government come down on him.
“You can’t be real. You’re too perfect.” John grasped Sherlock’s arse cheeks and pulled them apart, then squished them together again.
Leaving the head on the table Sherlock turned and unfolded the paper on the table. It was still dry, with almost no blood staining the paper. It was a note… Addressed to him.
Sherlock shoved Cap’s head away when the dog, overcome with happiness tried to lick his face. “Enough now, Cap.” Sherlock admonished firmly. Captain Barks moved off of Sherlock and instead threw himself onto John.
“Loony Desperado! I’ve come to stop you!” John called out in a firm voice, wondering how he was going to get through this encounter now that he knew exactly who Desperado was. Desperado paused and turned to glance in his direction, he was covered in a fine white powder and looked like he’d recently had a fight with a bag of flour and lost.
“I want to hear you count Cadet! One!” The Captain bent down so he could yell into Sherlock’s ear. His breath was hot and excruciatingly distracting.
insufferable after this, he was sure. But at least this opportunity promised a taste of real action even if it was as ordinary John Watson rather than Captain London.
insult. Yet he was ignored. This is what he got when he made the effort to conform to useless societal expectations of manners.
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around his landlady and pressed his face into her neck. The familiar smell of her perfume wasn’t enough to calm his racing heart.
Sherlock’s head tilted to the side, how interesting. Oh, but this case, this case was at least an eight. He’d never investigated murder by crocodile before. Some spectacular criminal had fed their victim to a giant reptile. The body was mangled, almost beyond all recognition, but the evidence was sound. Someone had bound the deceased person's hands and feet together and intentionally fed them to a saltwater crocodile.
“Get a grip,” Sherlock muttered to himself, taking his cigarette from his mouth and flicking it out into the snow. He turned away from the white forest and made his way back inside the warm cabin, taking his phone out of his pocket as he did and sending a quick message to his brother.
“Enough! Stop!” Sherlock grabbed The Captain’s arm and pulled as he reached down for Jones again. He was going to hit him again. “Captain! Leave it!”
Now that Sherlock had been discharged and decided it was time to visit John. One of Mycroft’s goons has dropped off a bag of clothes from the flat. It had given Sherlock a strange warm feeling in his stomach to see his and John’s clothes folded up together inside the same bag.
Sherlock smirked and pressed his hands onto John’s chest, moving his legs to gain purchase on the duvet. “Oh, you’ve no idea, John. I hope you like it rough.”
“Woke up strapped to a table, surrounded by fucking terrorists. They were all yelling at each other, then like a bloody ghost Sebastian appears and who does he bring with him? Your man, Moriarty. They tried to sell me some bullshit story about how I should join them, I told them to fuck off. Ended up in my own private little POW camp, then you found me. ”
“Yeah?” John answered before he realised that Desperado had used his real name and not his Super-Alias™. “Ahh... I mean. No? I don’t know anyone called John. Who is this John person you speak of?”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes!” His mother’s angry voice greets him through the speaker, “How dare you obliviate your brother’s boyfriend!”
sound the material ripped, buttons flying in all directions. “John, please. Say my name,” he growled into the newly exposed skin of Sherlock's throat.
The sound of many boot falls drew Sherlock’s attention away from what he was doing and he glanced over towards the group of recruits who had lined up near the Captain.
“Your neck, so distracting. Fucking, teasing me this whole time. God. I wanted you so bad.” John growled between sucks, each time his mouth left off with a sharp wet popping noise.
Sherlock had dropped to his knees and with a wave of his hands (wandless magic) John was totally naked with his throbbing cock shoved down Sherlock’s throat. Over the last six months of their relationship, John had gotten more blow jobs that he ever thought possible in his lifetime. Sherlock loved having John in his mouth. Oral fixation wasn’t even close to describing Sherlock’s addiction to sucking John off.
Sherlock shook his head, he didn’t want tea. He stepped closer to John, crowding him against the kitchen counter. “No tea.” Sherlock breathed heavily, he wanted to taste John again. One last time. If he solved the case today he wasn’t sure if he’d get another chance.
Sherlock struggled to keep up with the Captain, after his earthshattering orgasm and push ups his limbs still didn’t want to listen to his brain properly. So he was very thankful to watch John vault over a fence and charge into the staff parking lot and crash tackle Major Jones to the ground. Sherlock pulled a pair of zip ties out of his trouser pocket and quickly tied up their killer.
Just like all the rest. You should be careful, Sherlock. When you play with fire, you might get burned.”
Sherlock ducked into an open bathroom stall, he needed a few moments to himself. He needed to regain control. Closing the lid to the toilet Sherlock sat and quickly entered his mind palace. John was everywhere, his smile, his laugh, his smell… filling every nook, every room.
was decidedly unheroic. Sherlock waited for the upstart to correct himself while also noting the disparity between the Captain’s sheet-cape and his own much more manageable and stylish Belstaff, billowing just so without interfering with his balance.
Without a second thought, John sprinted after them rather than stay to help Mary. John kept pace beside Mr Blue Scarf who had also chased after the thief. The bag-thief took an abrupt right and disappeared into the darkness up a laneway. John briefly hesitated but Mr Blue Scarf continued on with a hurried, “Follow me!” as they passed the laneway.
“I still don’t understand why we’re wasting our time looking into the army reserves on campus, what about this scene could possibly point to the killer being in the military?” Anderson snarked.
Captain London was the world’s first Superhero. It hadn’t always been part of his plan to become a Superhero, he was just John Watson. An ordinary man and a member of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, the first military unit within the Queen’s army to participate in the Super Soldier program.
a Supervillain… And we know each other’s secret identities. Still feel like obstructing justice? It’ll be just as dangerous for you if you tried to expose me because just as you could tell them about me, I could tell them about you.”
“I met Rosamund on leave, I tagged along with Seb one day when he was going to meet up with his sister. I knew right away she had some kind of military training, but at the time I didn’t know what. We hit it off, she’s pretty, I was lonely.” John shrugged. “I’m not proud of it now, bloody regret it if I’m being honest. But the past is the past, we dated for a few months on and off while I was on tour. She would meet up with us occasionally, in hindsight I think she must have been carrying messages from Moriarty to Seb and I was the cover. She visited me, tried to convince me after being locked up for months to join them. Told me I could be an assassin like her. Bullshit.”
“Your sheet-cape is sub-par. You should adjust the length to draw level with your knees to prevent any unexpected drag. It would also assist with your balance while in flight. I know a good seamstress in Harold’s. Very reliable and discreet, if you’d like her number.”
“Ah!” Sherlock gasped as John nipped at his bottom lip and slid his mouth down to suck on his collar bone.
Sherlock grinned at the man and pushed the largest red button on the panel. The moment it was depressed all hell seemed to break loose. The lab, now bathed in bright red flashing lights filled with the sound of alarms and a cacophony of shouting began to echo down the hallway into the lab. All of this, however, did not stop Sherlock from noticing the way the stranger stepped out of his cell and seemed to savour the moment his bare feet passed over the threshold, onto the cold concrete floor. The way the former prisoner took a deep, grounding breath, that filled his chest and seemed designed to show off his lightly defined chest and stomach made Sherlock’s mouth go dry.
, don’t let your anger control you. I know, I know she hurt you.” Sherlock reached out for John but pulled his hand back with a hiss of pain. “
“John! Ah! Yes! F-Fffuck! So good. Love it.” Sherlock babbled. “So good, please more! More!” John scissored his fingers and leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock perineum. He licked and sucked on the soft flesh and mouthed as Sherlock’s balls which had drawn tight to his body already. “Johnjohnjohnjohn!” Sherlock chanted and rocked back onto John’s fingers.
Sherlock’s hand feels nothing but empty space, frowning he sits up and looks around the room. Details and information hit him like a sledge hammer. Their door had been forced open, two orange needle caps lay where they were dropped by Sherlock’s bedside. There is a burn mark that looks like someone slid a hot iron over the floor melting the carpet. Disturbingly Sherlock’s brain recognises the mark is similar to a blood stain when a murderer drags a bleeding body out of a room.
Sherlock had never been more happy to hear his brother's voice. “Mikey, code blue. Code blue. I need extraction now.”
Sherlock scoffed, “With that kind of defence I don’t think we even need a confession. You’ve worked with these women for years Major, you can’t possibly say you don’t know who they are.”
“Sorry, I’m asking. Well…” Johno’s hand moved again, rough callused fingers scratching the nape of his neck to play with the soft curls at the base of his skull. “Would you like to go out to dinner with me tonight? After you’ve finished your investigation, o‘course.”
The detective leant forward too, they were close now. John could feel Sherlock’s hot breath ghost over his lips. “Hmm, not currently…” Sherlock's voice rumbled deep in his chest, god it was like liquid sex. “It would seem I have an opening in that regard.”
John smiled down at him, his eyes were that wonderful deep blue again. It was quickly becoming Sherlock’s favourite shade. The pink flush over John’s cheeks and the feeling of John’s rough beard texture against his mouth as they kissed was maddening. He never wanted to stop.
“You still haven’t answered my question, Captain. Will you move in with me?” Sherlock grinned and gave John a heated look that went straight to his groin.
John made his way quickly to Sherlock bedroom and tossed him down onto the bed. He didn’t waste any time covering Sherlock with his body and capturing his mouth again. They kissed and kissed and licked and sucked on each others tongues.
After sitting through an excruciatingly dull lunch consisting of meat pies and lamingtons, with the Zoo Administrator and his wife, Sherlock was finally able to start his investigation.
“Watson!” A voice called behind John, the sound of his name jolted John from his frozen position over his, now deceased patient. John quickly made a run across the open space between the car and the house the rest of his unit had taken shelter in.
With the warm teacup in his hands, Sherlock told Mrs Hudson everything. He told her about the failed infiltration mission almost three weeks ago, then being sent to Australia and… meeting John. He tells her about the colour of John’s eyes, the sound of his laugh. Sherlock describes Captain Barks, George, Sammy, Spot and Billy. The tears never stop, they come fast and hard. Sherlock struggles to speak as he tells Mrs Hudson about being intimate with John. How he felt like his chest would burst from happiness, how John was so perfect. So strong. He tells her how John saved his life.
“Cadet Holmes!” Captain Watson’s sharp voice cut through his fantasy. “Are we going too fast for you?”
Sherlock was on his knees before the Captain so fast he hadn’t even understood what he’d been asked. His heart was thumping so hard and fast in his chest he could hardly breathe. Captain Watson took a step back away from Sherlock. “Whoa, Holmes are you okay? Have you eaten this morning?”
Two hours later Sherlock arrived at the coroner's office. “Ah, Agent Humphrey, we were expecting you. Right this way, I’ve moved the body to the examination room for you.” The pathologist greeted Sherlock, handing him Moran’s autopsy report.
The bees were in wonderful condition, and Sherlock was pleased to note that not only did John have a traditional honey bee hive but also an Australia Native bee colony which had recently set up home in the large gum tree that sheltered the hive boxes. Sherlock found himself swept away with John’s enthusiasm for his animals, the two talking animatedly about the honey bees and how John’s previous batch of honey had tasted.
Sherlock turned his head around to look at John’s face. It was true, he did feel like he knew John. Like they’d been lifelong friends, except Sherlock had never been to Australia before and John had been born and raised here. “You fascinate me, John,” Sherlock admitted. “Like no one ever has before. I’m drawn to you, physically, obviously... But there is something else.”
Sherlock stopped listening, his eyes still looking into the darkness of the ‘Reptile Cave’ where the mysterious Johno had disappeared. This case had just been bumped up to a 10.
Acco had eaten most of the upper body, strangely Moran’s head had been recovered intact. Which explained how the police had identified the body. The white plastic zip ties remained, wrapped tightly around Moran's ankles and wrists. The longer Sherlock looked at the body the more it didn’t make sense. Acco had eaten from the head down towards Moran’s legs, his shoulders, chest and most of his stomach had been eaten, and yet they’d found his head undamaged.
“You alright, love?” John asks softly, he grips Sherlock’s shoulder a little harder. Sherlock turns and throws his arms around John and John holds him.
Shaking some of the melting snow from his coat, Sherlock began his decent down the stairs. It felt further than the blueprints he’d memorised had made them seem, but when he reached the tee junction at the bottom he felt a small pool of relief grow in his gut. At least the schematics of the building didn’t appear to be one of those missing bits of information.
John kept scanning the crowd for Rosamund's familiar face, trying to pick her out by her walk or body shape. By the time Sherlock had spoken to six politicians and their dates it was time for them to take their seats for dinner. “No sign of her yet,” John muttered under his breath, taking a pretend sip of his champagne.
“Not anymore.” John’s tongue swirled around Sherlock’s index finger. Sherlock reached out with his other arm, his hand curling around the back of John’s neck and pulled him down for another kiss. This one slower, less desperate. Their tongues twirled and stroked, Sherlock sucked on the tip of John’s tongue.
Lestrade frowned and opened his mouth to say something but Sherlock cut him off. “Yes, yes… I will not go after the murderer on my own, really Lestrade.”
“You’re hyperventilating. Sherlock listen to me, focus on my voice. I need you to take deep breaths okay? Slow and steady.” John’s voice was firm, not a trace of panic. He knew what to do to help him. “Good. That’s it. Feel better? Keep going. Take as long as you need.”
His neck and collarbone were covered in love bites, his lips bruised, swollen and red. Sherlock brushed his fingertips over his abused mouth, he could still feel John against him. His rough beard, his masculine scent, the taste of him on his tongue. Sherlock’s gaze met his reflection, staring deeply into his own eyes, his pupils were visibly dilated, pulse elevated.
I’m in love with him. John realised, with a sudden jolt. It wasn’t just lust, or a crush, or a passing infatuation. Everything about Sherlock made John want him more,
Sherlock frowned, he’d absent-mindedly tilted the head during his examination. Something white was just slightly poking out of the jagged end of Moran’s oesophagus. Gripping the tweezers more firmly Sherlock pulled the white object out, it was a ball of paper.
John left the dying flames alone and made his way over to the two fighting on the ground. John caught one of Rosamund's legs, just below her ankle, as it flung up in the air for balance. She screamed as he touched her, his hands glowed white hot with heat and the smell of burning flesh was almost overwhelming.
In the morning the smell of something delicious cooking roused him. Captain Barks had left a dog shaped depression in the blankets. Sherlock stepped out of the room, raising his arms over his head and bending his back to stretch his sleepy muscles. John was humming to himself in the kitchen, feeding scraps of breakfast to George and Cap. Sammy was perched on top of the fridge overseeing the morning’s activities below, her tail swishing back and forth.
John smiled and leaned forward to press his forehead against Sherlock’s. “Your mate Acco has a girlfriend. Connie had a taste of me while we were transporting her here. She was sedated but I was in the wrong place, wrong time. Leaning over her to secure the rope something triggered her bite response and she clamped down on my shoulder.” John placed his hand over the top of Sherlock’s wandering fingers, bringing them up to his lips and kissing his fingertips. “Thank god she didn’t roll or she’d have torn me to bits.”
“T-Two!” Sherlock shuddered. His muscles clenched, his arms were shuddering and heat was pooling at the base of his spine. Oh god, he needed to stop.
“Keep your hips low!” Watson called out again and placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s arse and readjusted their position. “If you don’t keep your posture straight you’ll pull a muscle. Now, down then push back up.”
“You’ll be pleased to know, little brother that you have been accepted into Her Royal Majesty’s Army Reserve. You are to report to the University of London to begin your training tomorrow at 0500 hours.”
Sherlock smirked, “John. I know how to make you cum so hard you express 10 milliliters of ejaculate after which you will experience between twelve to eighteen dry contractions.”
“Haha, yeah. I do actually.” John checked his rearview mirror, and over his right shoulder before changing lanes. “I’m ah…  bit of a greenie, to tell the truth.”
“And,” Sherlock paused and lifted the hospital gown up off John’s borrowed body and began to attach the electrode pads to his chest. “I can do it in five minutes.”
“Miss Adler, I presume.” Sherlock was both stunned and impressed at Irene Adler’s gall to stride, happy as you please, into a room completely naked with a total stranger. What shocked him even further, was her next statement.
John wiped tears from his eyes, taking the flower and putting it behind his ear. “No, you're just staying with me for my dogs. I'm onto you.” John looked down at Sherlock with a watery smile.
He didn’t want to wake up if that was true. If he was still back at that featureless grey facility. If he’d never met Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. Christ, he was beautiful...
The moment the two stepped into their secured hotel room, the door closed firmly behind them they came together. Kissing roughly, tongues, teeth and hot breath passing between them. John’s warm hands were everywhere, rubbing over Sherlock’s back, his waist, his hips,
“I want to fill your mouth Sherlock, will you let me do that?” John pulled Sherlock away from the wall and the two stumbled blindly over to the bed.
Mycroft balanced his cup on the arm of his overstuffed, overly-posh, stupidly brown leather chair. Sherlock hoped the cup would tilt and spill the sweet tea all over the dull expensive thing. What a waste of taxpayer money. His brother reached into his open bag and removed a manila folder from within. “Your identity, while down under.”
Sherlock gave the Commissioner a rough shake as his screaming reached a particularly shrill pitch which made his ears ring uncomfortably. Honestly, the stupidity of people never failed to surprise him. Maybe he should just drop him. Again.
“We… We were investigating, with Lestrade. A murder. Barely a three but then the rain started and it was wrecking the evidence. I needed to check the tire tracks from higher ground. I climbed a pole. John you didn’t want me to climb it. You tried to pull me down. Oh god. John… I think we were struck by lightning!”
“I’ve got your back,” John muttered into Sherlock’s ear as he passed him. The two men posing for photos and making their way down the carpet towards the rest of the elite guests. They were posing as lesser known backbenchers from the UK lower house. No one would ask questions, no one would take much notice of them.
“Good boy.” The Captain groaned as he squeezed Sherlock’s cock one more time at the top of his push and it was over. Sherlock collapsed onto his face on the grass panting and twitching as his body pulsed with pleasure.
John blinked stupidly up at Sherlock for a moment before he lifted his hips and bucked up into Sherlock, nearly tossing him from the bed. Sherlock overbalanced and fell forward onto his arms. John pulled him down the rest of the way so he could smash his mouth against Sherlock’s. “You…” John breaths between rough kisses, “Are a wet dream,” Sherlock gasped as John’s lube covered hand reached down, one supernaturally hot finger circling his arsehole. “Come to life.”
Sherlock’s head fell forward onto John’s chest, a third finger slipping inside, John was almost ready. “Stop talking, or I’m going to cum all over your kitchen cupboard.” John laughed, his muscles spasming around Sherlock’s fingers. “And stop laughing!”
Heat pooled low in his gut, Sherlock’s hands which had been methodically rubbing soap into his skin slowed their progress. Becoming more sensual in their movements, rubbing over sensitive places. His cock filled and lifted between his legs, god he wanted John here. In the shower. He wanted to lick into his mouth, breath his breath, swallow his moans.
” Sherlock moaned, John had three fingers inside him now. Scissoring them and reaching deep inside for his darlings prostate. “I love you too. John, my John… My conductor of light.”
“I know,” Sherlock reached out and rested his hand softly on John’s shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. “Sleep, John. I’m going to step outside for a cigarette and bring Mycroft up to date. There is a bathroom through that door.”
Sherlock felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. Out of the corner of his eye a quick movement, unusually abrupt for the middle of the night, caught his attention. Turning his head slightly Sherlock focused on the disturbance in the mirror. Three men, long coats, distinct outlines of pistols within the depths of their pockets, specks of blood on the leftmost man's cheek, he’d been made.
“It’s okay, John. I promise. I’m not going to tell anyone. You’re safe, I mean it.” The detective stroked his thumb over John’s cheek. John reached out for him and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
“How many cakes have you had today Mycroft? One? Three? Hmm, perhaps four? Oh and a cupcake. My my, you’ll never lose those 5 pounds at this rate, failing your new year’s resolution already. How telling.”
“Afraid, I’ve come rather more prepared. Little Alice.” Moriarty says in his sing-song voice. Sherlock sees a flash of red from the corner of his eye and looks down, there is a red laser sight hovering over his heart. Well, that makes things rather more complicated, but it wasn’t unexpected.
As John is rushing out of his dreary beige bedsit he grabs his set of red rubber washing up gloves from the sink and quickly pulls on matching wellingtons. There is a moment before John leaves his bedsit where he briefly realises that all Superheros wear a cape. As an afterthought, John snatches a white sheet off his bed and swiftly ties it around his neck. Kicking the door shut behind him, John pauses a moment to rehearse his Hero Pose™, before lifting off into the air to fly to the scene of the crime in progress.
“You planned this,” Sherlock said, his mind suddenly putting it all together. “You wanted us out of London.”
“Sherlock, I know…” John hesitated. “I know, fuck. I only met you this morning, but I can’t…” The blonde shook his head. “I have a spare room, at home. After everything that’s just happened. I would feel better if you stayed close. I don’t want to take you back to the hotel only for you to have another panic attack alone.”
“Shut up Anderson, you’re too stupid to have an opinion.” Sherlock crouched down beside the body and began his inspection. “The killer is a colonialist, he obviously believes quite strongly in the British Empire and wants to bring back military invasion and takeovers of smaller countries to bring Britain back to it’s former glory.”
John turned to look back at him, his eyes were back to their glowing amber. The same they had been when Sherlock had first broken him out of his prison. Now it all made sense, why Moriarty had kept him locked up. Why John’s cell had been climate controlled. Why they had experimented on him.
Hospital food was disgusting. Sherlock had picked at the dinner he’d been brought and decided it wasn’t worth the effort of digesting it and left it. That had been two hours ago and now Sherlock was left to stare up at the white hospital ceiling and panic. How was he going to get back into his own body? Was he going to be stuck like this for the rest of his life? Was John going to be stuck in his body? Can they fix this? Would John even want to stay with him?
His other hand fingered his iPhone. He’d told John he was planning on calling Mycroft and informing him about John’s existence, but the truth was Sherlock wasn’t sure if that would be such a good idea. A particularly cold gust of wind caused him to shiver, he couldn’t wait to get back home. He missed London, he missed Baker Street, he even missed Mrs Hudson and Lestrade.
Why did it have to be tonight that Mycroft was wrong? Sherlock stepped out onto the wet street, his shoes making slapping noises in the puddles between the cobblestones. Walking as fast as he felt comfortable, Sherlock put as much distance as possible between himself and the club.
Sitting across from Sherlock at a restaurant called Angelo’s (Sherlock got the owner off a murder charge), John felt there might be something to Belstaff coats after all. Even if it was four sizes too big, covering up not only his skin-tight lycra but his red wellington boots too. Sherlock had given up his coat to John and pulled down his scarf but kept the hat firmly on his head. It was a damn fine hat, after all. And people still don’t
“I’m sorry to break up this happy reunion, but do you really think John and I are working alone? Didn’t your boss tell you who I’m working for?” Sherlock interrupted, he’d shifted slightly closer to Rosamund while her focus had been on John. Clever man.
John just stared at the crazy ‘wizard’ for a few minutes before he pushed himself up out of his chair and started packing up his meagre belongings. “I must be certifiably insane for going along with this.”
“Shit!” John hissed, Sherlock had used his magic to force him to stay under the lorry. John shot a glare over to the alleyway but Sherlock had already moved down the street closer to their target.
“It cannot be helped Mrs Hudson, I need to think. I need to find this criminal and I’m running out of time!”
“I was… Going to tell you. After, after all this was over.” John smiled, “I should have trusted you.”
They fell into silence again, the tension between them much lighter than it had been before. Sherlock watched the world speed by the car window and thought about London. How could he bring John there? He knew, even without asking that John wouldn’t give up his animals. That much was obvious. Could Sherlock give up London then?
“Are you actually mad?” John snapped and pulled harder on Sherlock’s leg, his other hand reaching up to grasp the edge of his coat and pulling down on that too.
“Fuck, you’re so, bloody sexy. Oh my god, your nipples. I need to taste them.” John gripped Sherlock’s shirt and pulled, the fabric gave way and several pearl buttons shot off in random directions about the room. Chest now exposed, John wasted no time taking one of Sherlock’s erect nipples into his mouth and sucking.
“So good, so beautiful, good boy.” John praised, rocking his hips gently, feeling himself reach his peak just as Sherlock’s body slumped forward. John’s cock slipped out of Sherlock, splashing cum all over his abused hole.
Sherlock watched the sun disappear, the darkening sky and the soft twinkle of the stars. He let out a shuddering sigh, his shoulders finally letting go of the tension he wasn’t aware he’d been holding. John’s hand left the steering wheel and squeezed Sherlock’s hand.
On fire.” Sherlock wanted to reach out and touch John, but he couldn’t for fear of getting burned. John was taking huge, gasping breaths. He was on the verge of hyperventilating. “John, listen to my voice. Can you do that? Just focus on my voice, I want you to take a slow deep breath with me. Can you do that?”
As Watson stroked a hand down Sherlock’s back he suddenly realised, as was the way with dreams, that he was naked. “Oh!” Sherlock gasped, the Captain grinned at him and leaned in to lick at his neck.
John’s eyes snapped open at the feeling of a leather gloved hand covering his mouth and the scratch of a needle in his neck. He feels a bolt of fear shoot through his body when he recognises Sebastian's toothy smile in the darkness of their hotel room. John tries to reach for heat and fire. He wants to burn Sebastian, melt him into a puddle of human ash, but the drug the bastard injected into his veins is too strong. With a quiet grunt, John’s eyes roll into the back of his head and the world goes black.
. I don’t know who this Jesus person is you keep yelling about. It’s certainly quite rude to be calling out another person’s name while I fellate you.”
John made a considering ‘hmmm’ sound and kissed the top of Sherlock’s nose. “It would be even better if you let me give you an orgasm.”
“What’s she want this time?” John asked as he flipped the prime steaks he was cooking for their dinner. They were having a domestic night tonight, no cases. They tried to have at least a few nights in a month to just enjoy being home together without running around London after dark wizards or serial killers. John would make dinner (‘Can we have the thing with the peas again, John?’) and they’d share a bottle of wine, snog on the couch and then shag until they collapsed together into a deep sleep until noon the next day.
“He’s beautiful. How old?” Sherlock had almost hesitated to ask. Great Danes didn’t have the longest of lifespans after all.
“Wha-?” Sherlock frowned, his hands coming up to stroke over John’s chest, feeling the raised bumps of the scar tissue.
Now that he’d started touching Sherlock found that he couldn’t make himself stop. He rubbed again and felt the nipple harden under his finger.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pressed into John, his hole stretched beautifully, wrapping tightly around Sherlock’s cock. “Fuck.” Sherlock swore, his breath catching in his throat. John felt so good, soft, hot and tight. It was perfect.
Sherlock needed to go back to the Zoo today, he needed to inspect the crime scene again. He’d barely paid any attention yesterday, the only thing he’d noted in his mind palace was the size and shape of the blood stain next to the pool. It wasn’t enough evidence to make any deductions. He’d also need to visit the local coroner's office and inspect the remains. Sherlock wondered how long it would take him to solve the case if he did. Would he find himself back on the plane to England tonight?
“How is this possible?” Sherlock whispered to himself. John’s face mouthed the same words back at him in the mirror.
“So your brother works for MI6 too?” John asked sounding casual, his body relaxed as he pulled out the only other chair at the small square table and took a seat.
John and Sherlock had hit it off immediately the night they took down the mugger together. In fact, Sherlock had asked John to move in with him. John hadn’t yet decided, especially now that he was all but convinced that Sherlock was London’s only Supervillain.
“I’ll make sure your old room is set up with a double bed dear, Toodle-oo!” There was a beep, and mother ended the call. With a groan, Sherlock dropped his phone off the side of the bed before turning and curling himself around John’s warm naked body.
The program had boasted a seventy-five percent success rate, the highest in the western world. John had thankfully been one of those successful soldiers enhanced through the treatments. For a time John had enjoyed his increased strength, sight, endurance and after months of training the ability to fly. However, John’s new superhuman abilities weren’t enough to save him from a stray bullet.
“Brown Snake.” Johno abruptly stated, apparently the man had noticed Sherlock’s stare. Of course, Sherlock’s brain chose this moment to finally take notice of Johno’s voice. It was rough and heavily accented.
Sherlock pulled back and thrust in, hard. John made a high pitched squealing noise. “Oh god, oh god, oh god.” John panted under his breath. Sherlock shifted, trying to find a comfortable position for his knees but he kept slipping on the wood. He’d obviously dribbled some lube there in his efforts to stretch John.
Strangely the guard is carrying a large fire extinguisher instead of his own weapon. Sherlock frowns in confusion for a moment before watching the henchmen take a burst of machine gunfire to the chest and collapse to the floor. Sherlock’s strange companion had apparently chosen a semi-automatic rifle for himself. The next three guards all meet the same fate as their predecessor, the fourth takes a hit from Sherlock’s shotgun. The spray catches the dropped extinguishers, the sound of the canisters exploding makes Sherlock’s ears ring. The room is quickly filled with a thick powdery smoke that makes it impossible for the henchmen to see Sherlock darting around and placing his C4 charges.
“Sherlock?” John’s voice called gently from outside the stall door. Sherlock could see his shoes under the gap in the bottom of the door. “Are you okay? You’ve been in here for almost twenty minutes.”
“Captain Watson” Sherlock greeting, trying not to collapse right there and then and plead with the man to finish what he’d started on the field and fuck him into next sunday.
Johno burst into laughter. “Ah, so you were listening! I thought I was just talking to myself. You didn’t even twitch when I said I stacked it big time riding one of the Zebras.”
. You’re the one obstructing justice! Lord, you think I freed those innocent men from Pentonville because it was part of some evil plan? Or then re-filled those empty cells with corrupt policemen for fun? It was a colossal waste of my time anyway because Scotland Yard let them back out again!”
“Oh my god, Sherlock!” John slammed their fridge door closed and stormed into their living room. “What the fuck is in our fridge?”
“Oh ho, you’ve done it now.” John grinned. “Cap’ll never let you go after you’ve complimented him like that.”
Sherlock stops at the unexpected shout before rolling his eyes and muttering to himself. “Wrong. Less than a month in this business and they already get the name wrong. It’s Bloodhound. Because of the feather. And I sniff out corruption. Obviously.”
Sherlock nipped at John’s hip bone, sleepy, soft kisses were for later. Now, Sherlock wanted to taste John’s cock. With his right hand, Sherlock circled the base of John’s erection, lifting it up from his stomach, with a gentle stroke Sherlock pulled back John’s foreskin and pressed a few soft kisses on the exposed head.
John burst into laughter, “Serves you right,” he said with a sniff. Sherlock managed to push the Great Dane off of him and sat up. The flowers had been crushed in the dog's excitement. “Leaving us like that.”
Sherlock couldn’t concentrate. Johno was just too distracting with his silvery-blonde hair, beard, deep blue eyes and flirty banter. Sherlock’s transport was reacting to every comment and movement the Zookeeper made, the heat pooling in his belly, the hot flush over his cheeks. Sherlock felt like he’d lost control. Was Johno actually flirting with him or was he just flirty by nature?
Sherlock lifted his hands up to his chest and rubbed softly at the heavy, cold feeling there. His hand circled wider than John’s chest was, his movements automatic for a larger frame.
John turned the television off and quickly struggled into his skin-tight suit, it was time to face off against Desperado again. “There has to be an easier way to get into this thing.” John grumbled.
It was so strange, laying there with blankets, staring up at a ceiling that wasn’t white. It was almost like a dream, one which John hoped he’d never wake up from. As John drifted off to that strange place between sleeping and being awake it suddenly dawned on him. What if this was all a dream? What if he woke up, back in his glass prison. What if he woke up on the scientist's operating table? Perhaps they had just drugged him again, and were digging around in his flesh trying to find the source of his power?
Mycroft downed the last of his tea, placing his cup down on the table between them with a soft clink. He stood, hands automatically reaching around to fix his jacket and button it closed. It was a little tight around the middle. He’d put on two pounds since Sherlock had seen him last. “Your flight leaves in, oh…” Mycroft flicked his wrist, his watch flipping upright with the movement. He smirked, pulling his sleeve back to view the face. “Two hours.”
Sherlock grabs his companion's arm and pulls him from the room, the man uses the end of his gun to knock out a guard as they round the corner and take the stairs two at a time back up to ground level.  The two men run as fast as they’re able across the snow and into the surrounding forest. Putting as much distance as possible between them and the facility. Sherlock had set the timer for five minutes, but even so, as they run together darting between trees and trying not to slip on the ice five minutes seemed too long.
For a moment, Sherlock just watched the man’s chest expand and fall with each breath. Then his eyes darted over and over the man's back, this time taking in fine detail and reading the stranger’s past like an open book. The scars appeared to have originated from many different wounds, some looked like lashes caused by whipping, others looked like incisions from a sharp blade. There was a large starburst looking scar that Sherlock deduced would have been caused by an exit wound from a large calibre bullet. The man was obviously some kind of prisoner and had been for some time. Sherlock glanced back down at the panel and pressed his finger to the intercom button.
He could keep dropping him, however many times it took for the message to get through, really. It would be an interesting experiment to determine how many repeated drops it would take for the man to remain silent for the rest of their flight to the prison.
Without looking at the caller ID Sherlock swiped his thumb over the screen and held the phone to his ear. “Sherlock Holmes, speaking.”
Moriarty laughed, “You have no idea, do you? Poor little Sherlock, bumbling around. Doing what Big Brother says, just following orders right? You’re stupid,
“Help!” A familiar female voice called out to him, “John! He’s trying to take my bag!” It was Mary, the nurse who worked part-time at the clinic. She’d stayed back and left a few minutes before John. Mary had an unfortunate crush on John and had tried her usual poor attempt at getting John to join her for dinner. He didn’t feel any more enthusiastic about the suggestion the sixth time she’d asked than he had the first time. After having to gently turn her down
Sherlock grunted indelicately, almost collapsing under the weight of a gigantic Great Dane that basically flung itself onto him as he walked into John’s living room.
“It doesn’t get any easier.” Lestrade sighed as he watched the forensic team take photos and samples all around the woman.
It was hot. So very, very hot. Hotter than any place should have right to be. The air was heavy with humidity. Sherlock wanted to get back on the plane and fly back to beautiful, wonderful, cold, wet, grey London. Everything here was too bright, too sunny, and too hot. At this rate, he’d never be able to wear his Belstaff.
John chuckled and pulled himself up onto the crosswalk. They’d lost sight of Rosamund, that was bad news. Sherlock poked John in the chest and then pointed at himself then to the left, then at John and to the right. He wanted them to split up. John shook his head. Sherlock pointed again. John shook his head. Sherlock made a,
“Sherlock Holmes!” Mrs Hudson gasped as she walked into 221B. “What on earth have you done to my bloody wall?”
“You brother, Harry is an alcoholic who recently walked out on his wife. You met up with your brother upon your return to London, but once you found out about the breakup you stopped talking to him. Judging by your anger over the queer comment you’re gay and have obviously received some unfair treatment because of that fact in your past.”
“Not a chance, even if you added ‘dashing’ to the sidekick. What I think you mean is Captain London and Bloodhound; Consulting Heros. It has a better ring to it.” John broke a piece of garlic bread in half and waved a hand in Sherlock’s direction popping it into his mouth.
Was that Sherlock’s voice? It sounded like him but his hearing must be off, it was too high to be Sherlock. Sherlock’s voice was like brass instruments and gravel.
Sherlock scowled but walked forward and followed the Administrator’s directions to Acco’s enclosure. When they arrived Moriarty was waiting for him. Mycroft and John were kneeling beside the pool, their arms zip tied together. John’s uniform was ripped and torn, he’d obviously put up a fight. Azza directed Sherlock forward, shoving the gun into his back until he stood in front of Moriarty.
“Everte Statum! Arania Exumai!” Sherlock’s voice is firm and strong. There is a small explosion and two of the cars on the street start to wail as the blast causes the alarms to trigger.
“Oh well, you should have asked me. I would have told you. Back off, my dear. You’re not ready to see how far this rabbit hole goes. You might get lost, little Alice. Cheerio!”
“You can continue where you left off. Clearly you’re not fit enough for twenty, so let’s drop it to ten. Can you manage that Holmes?”
“Jaawwwwwnnnnn!!” Sherlock moans exceedingly loudly. Thank god for silencing charms, John thinks to himself. Otherwise, Mrs Hudson wouldn’t ever get any sleep, for being two almost forty-year-old men they were like randy teenagers once they were alone for any period of time.
He had appeared in the air, near the ceiling of the room and promptly fell the small distance down and onto the dining table. Plates of breakfast clattered, a pitcher of milk was upturned and Sherlock thinks he felt a fork’s tongs stab him in his right arse cheek.
The loveable idiot was now climbing a streetlamp pole. “Sherlock!” John called; “Get down you bloody fool! You’ll get struck by lightning!” He reached out to pull on Sherlock’s ankle trying to drag him back down the pole.
The sound of John sleepily telling his pets to shut up and settle down made Sherlock’s mouth twitch with amusement. John’s footsteps growing louder and louder as he approached the door, however, caused the feeling of anxiety and panic to burst into overdrive in his chest. He felt like he might throw up.
There was a crack and then Jones was on the ground again moaning pitifully and bleeding from a nasty split lip. Sherlock glanced up at the Captain, he’d just punched Major Jones in the face.
The only thing holding John back was the fear that Sherlock may turn him into the British government. He was an MI6 agent, for goodness sake. John had personally witnessed the level of dedication Sherlock seemed to have for his mission and his job. He was borderline fanatical. The other reason, John was reluctant to tell Sherlock the truth, was a fear of rejection.
“All the time.” Sherlock breathed softly and, miracle of miracles he spread his legs further apart which caused John to shift further off his chair and to reach out for balance with his other hand. Now John had both his hands on Sherlock Holmes thighs.
Sherlock looked around the room with a new sense of appreciation. “You are, by far, the most interesting person I’ve ever met.”
Sherlock’s hand touched John’s, squeezing. “Yes, I think-” Sherlock coughed, his throat felt tight again, his eyes prickling. He would not cry. Not in front of this wonderful, perfect man. “I think that’s a good idea. I don’t want to be alone either.”
“We apologise for the interruption to your previously scheduled programming. Breaking news, London’s Supervillain Loony Desperado is at large again this morning. His new target appears to be several high ranking Barristers. We now go live to our correspondent on the scene, Kitty Riley. Kitty, could you tell us-”
“Colloshoo!” Sherlock shouted, pointing his wand at John. John gasped, and tried to move away from the lorry but his legs appeared to be stuck to the road.
“Cadet Holmes, count how many times I shove my cock into your arse.” John commanded in his best ‘Captain’ voice. It was breathy and rough but it did the trick.
A month later, Scotland Yard received an intimate introduction to London’s new Supervillain as several of their officers were kidnapped from their homes. To add insult to injury, as the detectives were meeting to discuss these kidnappings; fluttering around like headless chickens, the ceiling crumbled in on top of them and a gloved hand reached down to lift the Police Commissioner by the scruff of the neck like an errant puppy. The police officers were only able to watch helplessly as Loony Desperado disappeared, with his victim in hand.
“Wizard, John. Not sorcerer. I told you yesterday. I apparated and miscalculated my landing, which unfortunately enough ended up with me landing in your breakfast. Ruined my trousers. Those cost me 50 galleons, you know? The price you pay for fireproofing these days is beyond reason.”
Sherlock slammed the folder shut. He shoved the blankets off and looked down at his body. Except, it wasn’t his body at all. It was John’s. John’s knees peeking out from under the hospital gown, John’s calves, John’s ankles, John’s toes. He had hairy toes.
“You’re looking for a Military man, with a history of domestic violence, who is employed by the London University and who lied on his army admittance forms as he is colorblind.”
“Fancy meeting you here!” Johno chuckled, “We have’ta stop meeting like this Mister Humphery, people might talk.” The blonde man leaned forward into Sherlock space and winked.
“Sherlock, do magical people ever date… Non-magical people?” John wanted to shoot himself in the head. That wasn’t very smooth Watson. He chastised himself mentally.
Sherlock knew there had to be more to the story, it didn’t make sense. Why would Moriarty keep John locked up? He was just a soldier, there were plenty of them in the world. His friendship with Sebastian could be the reason why they’d spared his life, but Sherlock felt that was unlikely. No, John was hiding something.
“The note for example, ‘Hail Empress of India’ clearly the man idolises Queen Victoria for conquering India and bringing it under British rule. He wants to take an active role in this as he has proven by killing people who support the disbanding on the commonwealth and the release of all foreign countries under British ownership. Therefore the killer would be enlisted in the military.”
James laughs, “Silly little Alice, I didn’t bring you here to bargain with you. There is nothing you have that I want more than John Watson. I lured you here so Sebastian can avenge his sister. And I thought, how great would it be if Johnny boy got to watch as his true love was murdered in front of him. I think that would finally break him.
“Yeah, I told you I was a greenie remember? It’s carbon neutral, actually. Not connected to the mains power, water or sewage.” John shrugged, “It’s a bit of a downgrade from eco-warrior, chasing down whaling ships on Sea Shepard and chaining myself to ancient trees but it feels more real.” John slapped his hand against the rough wooden panelling. “I planted as many trees around the property that were used to build it.”
“Anything you can tell me, no matter how small in detail could be instrumental in bringing Moriarty to justice. I’m a detective, it’s my job to connect the dots and make deductions. I can’t do so without all the facts. Please, start at the beginning and I’ll try not to interrupt.” Sherlock took a small sip of his hot tea and watched John as he settled more comfortably into his seat.
After a wonderful breakfast, Sherlock assisted again with feeding his assortment of animals. This time Sherlock got to meet John’s four rainbow lorikeets who lived in a large aviary. Bowie took a special shine to him and wouldn’t stop nibbling at his curls. John had to forcefully remove the bird from Sherlock’s shoulder so he could duck back outside and make his escape.
With gentle pressure John pressed his index finger against Sherlock and slipped inside. He withdrew and entered again and again, using the lude to help ease his way inside. Sherlock moaned and panted with pleasure at every touch and John had to grasp himself firmly and squeeze to stop himself from ending their night too early.
“We just need him to make a mistake, leave some evidence behind.” Sherlock frowned and pulled the paper off the body and flipped it over. “Ah ha! Bingo. We have a mistake.” On the back of the paper, still printed in large block letters were the words:
breaking into the Old Bailey when John finally arrived. It seemed that he enjoyed punching his way into buildings to get at the people inside. It was starting to become a bad habit. John took a moment to observe the villain before concluding that yes, this was indeed Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective. In a pirate’s hat. Lord, people really didn’t
“Does it hurt?” The scar just made John even more fascinating, how many people had such a unique scar? It was just another thing about John that made him special.
“So can transfigure anything into anything else?” John asked, he was desperate to know and understand more about the world Sherlock came from. It was beyond amazing.
The cold, sharp taste of the whiskey on Sherlock’s lips burned. The ice had melted too much, making the flavour of the drink weak and watery. He glanced down at his watch, it was almost midnight, Mycroft’s agent should have made contact with him by now. Sherlock passed the cool edge of the empty glass over his lips, taking a deep breath. The aromatic smell of the whiskey remained behind. The rolling beats of the bass from the DJ created a pleasant vibration in his chest. It wasn’t often that he missed his old life, the life of a junky, drifting from one fix to another. All those nights spent high, surrounded by bass and bodies.
“Fucking hell, Sherlock you look amazing.” John quickly scrambled for the draw and the bottle of lube inside. With an impatient squeeze John had a handful of the cool jelly like substance. He reached back again for Sherlock’s legs and pressed a few soft kisses to his thighs. “This might be a bit cold, sorry.”
“Oh?” Johno’s blue eyes locked with Sherlock’s, “Well, G’day Mister Humphrey! It’s nice to meet you.” Johno reached out with one tanned, calloused hand which Sherlock shook. His hand was warm, grip firm. Sherlock needed to get control of himself. He hadn’t been sent to Australia to swoon over hot army men in tight uniforms, who happened to have wonderful windswept silvery-blonde hair, a charming smile and eyes that seemed to sparkle in the bright sun.
“Obviously, you’re a military man, when I first saw you I knew you’d been on active duty for at least 19 years. Deployed multiple times. Trained as a trauma surgeon, but also a good enough soldier to be on the front lines as a medic. That’s where you got shot. At first I thought it might have been a sniper shot, but there aren’t many snipers who would take a body shot instead of waiting for a head shot. So a ricochet bullet then, from an AK47. In your left shoulder.”
Samantha, John’s cat, made an appearance during feeding time with the three Joey’s John was currently fostering. They were adorable and awkward, all long limbs and curious about Sherlock’s presence. Sammy (as John called her) took one look at Sherlock and promptly curled up in his lap. Shocked at this turn of events, Sherlock had hesitated before stroking his hand over her soft fur, the purr that she let out was almost deafening.
Of all the cars Sherlock expected John to pull up in a Toyota Prius was not one of them. It was a vibrant electric blue, with black wheels and it made almost no sound as it came to a stop beside where Sherlock was standing on the curb. John leaned over from the driver's side and opened the door from the inside, giving the door a hard shove.
“I’m here John, it’s okay you can rest.” Sherlock touched his cheek and brushed a tear from his eye. He tried again to open them but they just watered too much.
“Holmes! I still don’t hear any counting! Do I need to count for you? Have you forgotten?” The Captain returned to leaning over him and breathing on Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock took a deep breath and focused on not crying. Not yet. Maybe later. When John would say ‘I do’ and Sherlock would answer the same and then they would kiss and then they would be married.
“What is it with you and fire alarms?” Sherlock whispered as he pulled the curtain away from John’s hiding place. “Is that the only way you can think of to evacuate a building?”
John didn’t slow down for traffic lights or other pedestrians as he careened around a corner and pelted past shops and parked cars, all the while mentally tracking his route. Skidding around a right turn, either about to make a fool of himself or - John collided with the fleeing criminal even as Mr Blue Scarf made a spectacular dive for their knees, resulting in a mess of limbs, cursed groans and sharp pain.
“The odds of being struck in your lifetime is about 1 in 12,000 John. We’re more likely to slip in the rain and die from cracking out heads on the cement.” Sherlock shook his leg trying to get John to release his foot. “John! Let go!”
“Hmm…” John breathed over the saliva on Sherlock’s neck which caused them both to shudder. “Okay then.” With one quick movement John bent slightly, caught Sherlock around the hips and lifted him over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry.
If one of the scientist's or guards escaped they would report Sherlock to Moriarty and his three-month streak of going unnoticed would be broken. His job of dismantling the web would become so much harder.
Hands started roaming again, the heat, want, and need building between them quickly. John’s hands tore at Sherlock’s belt, opening the placket of his trousers and pulling his erection free. Sherlock groaned, he hadn’t realised how constrained his cock had been between them. John’s hand was rough, the callouses rasped deliciously against the soft skin of his cock.
“Yes sir, I’m sorry for my lateness last week I wasn’t having a very good day.” Sherlock flushed, he shouldn’t have said anything.
Sherlock froze his hands in the middle of folding his clothes and putting them back into his suitcase. “I belong in London.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and reached out to lightly brush his fingers across the heavy fabric of the uniform. The shudder that rocked through his whole body was entirely involuntary and hateful. He needed to get over this reaction fast because if he was this affected by an empty uniform on a bed how would he deal with being surrounded by fit men wearing the uniforms while they got hot and sweaty.
“I control your breath now.” Sherlock watched as James Moriarty blacks out and crumples into a pile at his feet. The wind swirls to a stop, Sherlock lets out a long breath and turns to the open window. All the glass windows appear to have broken during the tornado he’d created. The detective could see Sebastian's limp hand handing over the railing.
John made his way over to the door Sherlock had pointed out. He wanted to clean his teeth desperately. The guards hadn’t allowed him anything that could be considered a weapon and apparently a toothbrush classified as one. Seeing the two green plastic toothbrushes sitting next to the sink was like witnessing another miracle. John put far too much toothpaste on the brush and then shoved it into his mouth. It was like heaven.
“Thank you, John. Is there anything else? Any detail you’ve left out. No matter how small or insignificant you think it might be.” Sherlock watched his companion carefully, his previously relaxed sitting position had changed throughout his story but he looked guarded now. Definitely hiding something.
“I’m ex-military, mate.” John said with a shrug, pulling the trigger and putting a bullet right between Jim Moriarty’s eyes.
“Oh, I doubt that.” Rosamund looked away from Sherlock and back to John. “But maybe you’re right, maybe I should just kill you now Sherlock. I think Johnny has been free long enough. Holiday’s over Johnny. Come with me, or I will shoot your new boyfriend.”
“Yes!” Sherlock nodded stupidly, he couldn’t even remember language, words, meaning. All he wanted was John’s hands back on his cock. John’s deep blue eyes locked with Sherlock’s own, his pupils were blown wide a dark red flush staining his cheeks. “Kiss me, touch me, cum on me. John, please. I need it.”
Sherlock takes a deep, grounding breath before reaching out and pulling open the door to the main pool room. He hasn’t been back here since Carl was murdered and he was kicked out by the incompetent NSY officers. His eyes dart around the room as he lets the door close behind him with a soft click. He can see John and the flood of relief that washes over him is so powerful Sherlock struggles to stay on his feet.
The sound of a motorcycle's engine caught Sherlock’s attention, shoving his phone into his pocket he stepped out into traffic. Right in front of the rider.
John raised his arms, slowly and the man reached forward to take the gun from him. John glared at his ex-girlfriend, “You’re blond now? I don’t think it suits you. Personally, I like brunettes better.”
“Yes, Major Jones is a budding serial killer and I’ve just found the evidence to put him away for a very long time. Thanks for putting me in his office, by the way.” Finished with the text Sherlock held out John’s phone.
Wearing the uniform wasn’t that bad. It appeared that Sherlock wasn’t affected by himself being in military dress, only other people. That was a huge relief. The biggest pain had been slathering on a monstrous amount of pomade to get his hair to slick back and lay flat on his head. It felt heavy and hard and was really uncomfortable but Sherlock hated how his hair curled up like wings on either side of his head under the hat more.
“Because I don’t want this to be a casual fuck, you are the most brilliant, sexy, frustrating man I have ever met and I don’t want to let you go. I want you to be mine. I want to be yours.”
“I think the rains has done away with most of the evidence Sherlock!” Lestrade called over the pounding rain. There was a flash of light then a huge bang of sound as a streak of lightning shot across the sky. John jumped at the sudden sound, a momentary flash of dry desert and IEDs flickered in his mind. He shook his head, great now there was rain water in his eyes and looked back at Sherlock.
“The base you blew up wasn’t just some laboratory. That was just a front. Moriarty was using the facility to trade and sell weapons. Not just guns, bombs and ammo but the real shady stuff too. Chemical weapons, poisons, stuff like that.” John’s focus slipped from Sherlock down to his cup. He ran his fingers over the rim, down the handle and back. “They kept me locked up, of course. But I heard ‘em talking when they got lazy with the intercom. Russians, Taliban, North Koreans, you name it. Groups of them were paraded through, usually with Moriarty. I think he liked showing off his armoury.”
“You’re vegetarian. I’m aware. It was obvious from the moment I met you.” Sherlock interrupted, even if it hadn’t been obvious from their first meal together after John had ordered a vegetarian dish at dinner, seeing the inside of his refrigerator would have told him.
“Oh Sherlock, you knew it was only a matter of time before my call. It’s been fun, this little game, but Daddy’s had enough now.”
“John you have an intubator inside your throat. I’m sorry I can’t remove it, I just wanted to check you were okay before I put you back under.”
Thankful that the international airport had a florist open at three in the morning Sherlock had purchased a bouquet of blue roses, which unfortunately were a few shades off matching John’s eyes but with so little time to prepare it was the best Sherlock could do. And now, here Sherlock stood, in front of John Watson’s front door at dawn on Valentine's day.
John struggled with the bag thief for a moment before he heard the unmistakable sounds of Mr Blue Scarf slipping some zip-ties around the criminals ankles.
John grabbed a pillow from beside Sherlock’s head and shoved it under his hips. “I’m here, love. Let’s cum together, if we can manage. Fuck you’re so hot!” John lined himself up with Sherlock’s hole and pushed in softly. As much as he wanted to just pound into Sherlock until they both came he didn’t want to hurt him.
Sherlock sighed, the kind that used his whole body. His chest expanded and then as all the air rushed out of his lungs his shoulders lowered and his posture shrunk. “I know how the law works, brother dear. I do work for both the Muggle and Magical police.”
Johno was carrying a black cloth bag slung casually over his shoulder. One arm was raised holding onto the lip of the bag, and appeared attractively muscled as it pulled his shirt tight over his bicep. He was blonde, fit and… Sherlock shuddered. Ex-Military.
“Right which way to a bed, genius?” John asked as he shoved open the door to Sherlock’s living room with his other shoulder.
Sherlock shook himself, he couldn’t stay. John was too much of a distraction, they’d almost been killed because of Sherlock’s inability to focus on anything except getting into John’s pants as fast as possible. “John… I’m sorry.” Sherlock’s shoulders dropped. “You should know, I… I consider myself married to my work.”
He glared at the nameplate, why did it say ‘William’? It should say ‘Sherlock’ surely that had been in his file? With a growl, Sherlock ripped the name off the door, opened it and went inside. There was a pen on John’s bedside table. He snatched it up, flipped the card over and wrote in block letters ‘SHERLOCK HOLMES’ on it before shoving it back on the door and slamming it closed.
The Fusiliers had been deployed into a war zone, they were often used as a peacekeeper force sent into conflicts to bring them to a swift end. It was during one such assignment that John was hit in his left shoulder. The initial wound hadn’t been life-threatening, but the infection that soon set in almost killed him.
Sherlock threw his cards down on the table and pouted, leaning back in his chair. “We can’t all be good at card games, you know. Some of us are good at… um…”
What did Sherlock do to deserve John Watson? The level-headed doctor who always put everyone else above himself. Deep down he knew John was breaking, and Sherlock cursed himself for being the one to cause it. They continued to talk about it for the next week and John never broke. He never caved. In the end, he sat there and pushed the ‘Submit Application’ button for Sherlock because he insisted that he couldn’t do it. His application was submitted. He’d be called for an audition within the following weeks.
John sighed and placed a hand on his forehead, squeezing his eyes shut. Incoming hangover headache. “Did I do anything I’ll regret?”
John was blushing now at the high praise his friends were giving him. “You both truly flatter me. I’m no better than anyone else.”
The two boys sat next to each other, the silence growing very tense. Sherlock let out a shaky sigh and a tear rolled down his cheek.
“Don’t be absurd,” I scoffed. “They will have been monitoring you; if you acted in a way they weren’t anticipating…You’re a bad liar, John. You needed to believe it.”
Nevertheless, when John shifted to pull them upright, Sherlock complied and allowed himself to be moved.
“John, would you just stop it?” The apparition pulled down the sleeves of its suit jackets and awkwardly wiped the tears from my face. “It’s perfectly simple. I pretended to die to fool Moriarity.”
Sherlock had stopped screaming. He was tumbling around in his bedclothes as if trying to fend off an attack perpetrated by his duvet. In the dim light, his skin gave off a ghostly sheen and the sweat was running off him, his hair plastered to his head.
Thinking of how humiliated Sherlock would feel to find John witnessing what he would be perceive to be  weakness, John made a compromise. He decided that he would return to his own room, but if the screaming began again, he would do something. He lowered the gas lamp from above his head and turned in the direction of the door. He tip-toed in order not to wake Sherlock but just as he was about to place the lamp back where it belonged, he was startled by Sherlock murmuring his name.
I was just so tired. I should have complied with his request that I leave him to his own thought but, selfishly, I could not bring myself to do it. Had I not been so exhausted, I could have convinced him to tell the story that needs to be told. Now the horrific conversation has been postponed. It is not something that can be ignored; he cannot repress whatever’s driven him to the brink. I cannot go through life not knowing what pushed him there either; it would mean not knowing what preventatives to put in place in order to stop it happening again.
Hours later Lestrade left, not before promising that he would be in contact soon. I saw no point in arguing with him. If a friend of mine had just acted in the same way, I would not be taking ‘no’ for an answer. He probably thinks I’m mad. Maybe I am; I’m certainly not acting in a normal manner. Why can’t I just get over it?
The very idea that John might have wanted more terrified and thrilled Sherlock in equal measure. All this time he had been concentrating on hiding his own feelings, he had never thought to look for anything more than amiability from John. He re‐lived every past interaction with John in his head with a renewed perspective. He cursed himself for not noticing sooner, and, although his usual assuredness had deserted him, he got up determinedly and walked towards John’s bedroom.
Shit. Pain in chest. Who am I? Where am I? Argh. Concentrate. Concentrate. Steady beeping in background. The stink of antiseptic.  Hospital. Hospital? Why would…? Oh my God, Sherlock’s dead. The gun, my note, Mycroft. The shame. What have I done? Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock. More pain. Concentrate. Go back to sleep. Can’t cope with this right now. Go back to sleep. Sherlock.
“Why couldn’t you have told me? Let me know you were okay?” he asked. I could hear the emotion thick in his voice and I attempted to swallow down the lump in my own throat.
“Come on. Back upstairs.” John did not release his hand from Sherlock’s and guided him back into the flat. As soon as the door was closed behind them, Sherlock pushed John against the wall and initiated a desperate kiss. His hands ran underneath John’s t‐shirt where he focused on stroking halfway down the torso before edging higher and higher. When his hand brushed over one of John’s nipples, John gasped and he felt himself becoming dizzy. With every ounce of willpower, he put his hands against Sherlock’s chest and pushed.
Her arm stretched around my shoulders and I leant into her. Mrs Hudson was crying and I found myself envious that I could not do the same. Even now, I have not shed one tear over Sherlock. The grief just won’t come out properly. It scares me that it’s building up inside and I know that one day it will bubble over and I’ll lose control. I’ve seen it happen before; comrades who bottled up their experiences from Afghanistan, until everything came crashing out. I’ve thought about seeing a therapist or psychiatrist, but I have no wish to pick over the nature of my relationship with Sherlock.
John looked so small in the hospital bed. I craned my neck, face pressed up against the window in the door of his room whilst strong-armed buffoons held me back from entering. Mycroft had stationed security outside so that I could not get to him. I started shouting just as Mycroft walked around the corner. He had put on some weight and had some extra lines around his eyes, but was otherwise the same old Mycroft. The same self-satisfied grin that came with knowing he was in control of any situation that might arise. I stopped grappling with the guards.
“Next time I go gallivanting, I’ll be sure to invite you, instead,” I said, forcing a smile on my face in a desperate attempt to lighten the mood.
I was terrified.  Mycroft said that he would be okay and I could see nothing in his medical notes to indicate that he would not pull through. I just could not shake the fear that gripped me. Although I could view the heart monitor, I had to reassure myself when I first entered the room. I wrapped my hand around his wrist to feel myself that his pulse was still beating. I sat there willing, almost praying, for him to wake up.
Basically, I crumbled and asked no more from him that to allow me to stay. I think it may have been all either of us were capable of doing at that moment in time. Presence alone was sufficient after the interminable absence.
At the beginning of this operation, I would find my thoughts drifting to think about him frequently. I was rather surprised. I am not accustomed to missing people, probably because John is the only one who has ever put up with me long enough to become a friend. If I thought about him for too long, I would become overwhelmed by the longing to be back with him. It meant I missed important clues so I made a conscious effort to banish him from my mind. It is more vital than ever that I concentrate fully on the task at hand. One more week. One week. Then I can get back to Baker Street  and we can get rid of whatever danger exists together.
John bolted upright out of his slumber, his legs running towards that sound that had woken him before his mind had a chance to catch up. Sherlock was screaming; John had never heard such a terrified sound emitted from anybody in his life. He crashed through Sherlock’s bedroom door and grabbed blindly at the first weapon-worthy object to hand: an antique gas lamp. He raised it above his head whilst his eyes darted around the room, lit only by the streetlight outside the window, for the threat. With adrenaline coursing through his veins, John’s eyes settled on Sherlock.
Mycroft was obviously choosing his words carefully and I pondered on what he had said. He was trying to protect me in his role as big brother. This was not about me, though. It was about John and whatever happened, I would just have to live with it.
The nurse pointedly ignored Sherlock. “Well, there’s a reservoir down the corridor. I’m sure your visitor here wouldn’t mind getting you some,” she huffed. “Give me a shout if you need anything, I’ll be around.”
A terror gripped me when the doctor announced that I was to be sedated and I ended up shouting at the poor woman. Forcing myself to calm down, I tried to pinpoint the reason I was so afraid and although it was pathetic, I had to admit to myself that I was afraid I would re-awaken to find Sherlock had left. Obviously, I could not tell him that. Sherlock had managed to get rid of the doctor and was expecting me to explain why I was refusing a sedative, though. I had to say something.
John became absolutely lost in the moment. Looking down at the flushed and vulnerable Sherlock, he stilled as a wave of emotion ran through him. Unconsciously, he moved his face towards Sherlock’s and glanced down at this plump lips before returning to look him in the eye. Sherlock stopped struggling. They stared at each other panting from the physical exertion. Just as John moved to release Sherlock, Sherlock lifted his face and kissed John chastely on the lips.
“What I mean is…” A wave of tiredness suddenly overwhelmed him and he sighed deeply. “Nothing...I mean nothing.” Sherlock furrowed his brow and focused on John as if he was the most complex puzzle in the world.
“Please be assured that I don’t want to hurt you, but if you refuse to let go of me this instant, I will not be held culpable for my actions. Final warning. Let me go or I’ll be forced to use physical force.”
John paused, not knowing what to do next. Clearly, Sherlock was having a nightmare and he could not decide whether to wake him or not. On the one hand, Sherlock was an immensely private individual; one who denied his capacity for emotion. On the other hand, John knew what it was like to be trapped in a nightmare and it choked him to see Sherlock’s suffering.
He stayed frozen to the spot trying to hear whether John was packing; he knew it was a strong possibility. John always ran away from emotion. Suddenly, the door swung open.
John merely continued to fix his stare upon me as if trying to decide what to do next. He opened his mouth to say something, but a doctor came bustling into the room seemingly oblivious to the dense atmosphere. She studied the monitor for and added some notes to the clipboard at the end of the bed.
“You know, you’ll get out of here a lot quicker if you play along with the medical professionals.” A thought hit me. “Assuming that’s what you want, of course.”
“By virtue of how you came to be in this room, I think your judgement is impaired. Wouldn’t you say?” His voice was barely above a whisper and he sounded exhausted. A wave of guilt washed over me and I had to look away from his dejected staring. We were not having this conversation.
John had not expected Sherlock to come to the kitchen to get it and his mouth curled upwards in amusement when Sherlock did not moved nor acknowledge that he had heard John. John took their mug into the living room. He placed Sherlock’s on the coffee table with a loud thud which jerked Sherlock out of his reverie.
“It was vital that everybody believed that I was dead. One whiff that I was still alive and you’d all have been dead.”
I finally broke down today. Lestrade came over and wouldn’t leave until I opened the door. I stayed silent and pretended I wasn’t in, praying that he would go away. Somehow he knew I was at home, though. He shouted and hammered the door until I finally acquiesced and opened it, only for him to stumble back in shock.
Sherlock’s decision made, he yanked the arm that John was holding above his head, pulling John towards him. In counter-attack, John slammed into his ribs and twisted around to kick the back of Sherlock’s knee so that he buckled to the floor. Before Sherlock could get up off his knees, John pushed his whole body to the floor from behind, pinning both wrists down and weighing him down.
“Really, John. You can’t go asking medical professionals whether they can see people right in front of you. They’ll lock you away.
A tsunami of emotion washed over me. This was real. The nurse had seen him, interacted with him. And he had obviously done something to annoy her, as was typical of him, because she seemed to hate him already.
John’s heart stopped but he could feel Sherlock’s heart beating wildly. He leant down and kissed Sherlock gently on the side of his neck, beneath his jaw bone. Sherlock moaned helplessly as John inhaled his scent. Their lips met again and this time they did not leave each other until they both became desperate for air.
Before I could ponder on it too much, the doctor returned to the room and asked whether I had seen sense yet. I allowed myself to be sedated safe in the knowledge that Sherlock would be there when I woke up.
“Y’know, traditionally, it’s considered pretty creepy to stand in the dark outside someone’s bedroom.”
Halfway up the stairs to his room, he heard Sherlock utter “Don’t go”, but he pretended not to hear.
He quickly moved into the kitchen, passing Sherlock who groaned dramatically and thrust himself backward onto the sofa. He covered his eyes with one of his hands and breathed deeply in an effort to not reveal to John how disturbed he was feeling and to try and tamper down his arousal. John watched him whilst the kettle boiled. He did not relish the conversation that was about to happen. In truth, he wanted to avoid it as much as Sherlock did. It needed to happen, however. John was not willing to risk losing Sherlock for what potentially could just be a quick shag or some comfort.
“Come closer,” I said carefully, extending out my arm. He moved towards me and I grabbed, pulling him down roughly so I could be sure that he was actually there. The utter relief I felt quickly turned into an all-encompassing rage. With all my strength and through much pain, I swung my other arm and punched him hard in the face.
Mycroft sighed and gave me an almost imperceptible nod. “Just come and find me if it all goes wrong. Don’t try to deal with it on your own. I do not want a re-enactment of five years ago.”
Sherlock covered his eyes with his hand again. “John, we really don’t need to talk. We are two available men who wish to partake in sexual activity. I can’t think of a single thing that needs to be ‘discussed’, as you put it.”
I knew that voice. I was dreaming, then. I tried to make his voice appear again, but it didn’t. Then the pain was back, the pain I had been trying to escape. It eclipsed everything else as I felt panic welling up inside me and heard the beeping of the heart monitor going crazy. Medical alarms started ringing and I heard people bustling into the room. I must have been injected with a sedative because my panic quickly turned into the overwhelming urge to sleep.
I chose to tell him the bare facts and nothing more. How Moriarty had set me up, how the fall was staged and a brief explanation the two years it had taken to break down his network. He did not need to hear all the gruesome details. There was a long pause before John responded.
“Doctors are always the worst patients, don’t you think? Look, you’ll soon be fighting fit again but you need the rest to get there.”
I am so ashamed of the way I reacted. Another mention of his name caused me to fly into an uncontrollable fury. I slammed my hands on the table in front of me and shoved everything off it. I turned towards Lestrade, fists raised, and started grappling with him. His hands gripped my shoulders tightly and I struggled against him. It was like I was disconnected from myself. Some small part of me was watching what I was doing and was urging me to stop, but I was beyond being able to control myself.  Eventually, I just started crying. Poor Lestrade didn’t know what to do.
Sherlock wriggled to free himself but only succeeded in turning his body around so that he and John were not facing each other.
John raised an eyebrow. “I’d like to see you try”, he challenged. “Army, remember? Don’t be such a bloody drama queen.”
“Of course I want to leave. I just don’t feel like a need to be sedated at the moment. I’m a medical man, I can make that judgement.” I said.
“Could you give us a minute please, Doctor?” She remained unmoved so I got up and ushered her towards the door. “We have an important matter to discuss, you may return in a few minutes”.
I texted Mycroft to get John’s laptop brought to the hospital so I had more data to figure out what has happened here. John has lost an inordinate amount of weight. His hair has thinned and contains much more grey. Deep lines have appeared on his face and he has several days beard growth. He has been chewing on the skin on his fingers. His limp must be back because his shoes have worn down unevenly. Everything points to what Mycroft said about suicide being true. I must be missing something. I need him to wake up and tell me what has happened so I can fix it. It has to be fixable.
“I care because you care, Sherlock. John has had a difficult time recently and I’m sorry to say that you’re the cause of that. You need to be prepared that he might not want to see you.”
My knees buckled from underneath me out of sheer relief. Mycroft gestured towards one of the security guards to hoist me back up. I wiped at my face trying to hide the tears that had appeared. I hated Mycroft seeing me out of control. To be fair, Mycroft did not seem to be enjoying it in this instance either.
John looked like a rabbit caught in headlights. He took a large gulp of tea and opened his mouth to confess he wanted more. Had wanted more since the first day they had met. At the last second, his courage failed him.
John felt stupid now he had a chance to think about things. Sherlock had never shown any romantic interest in anyone. Ever. Even when Irene was throwing herself at him and they had that intense bond between them. Even when he had Janine on a plate. He was married to his work. John flushed with embarrassment for having thought he could be anything more than a distraction; a way to chase away the remnants of a nightmare.
I did not trust myself to speak; I returned the grip on my hand in answer. This was a vulnerability to Sherlock that I had never seen before and I began to wonder something had happened to him to bring it about.
I know I don’t need to explain why I’m doing this. You already know. I can’t live like this forever. It’s been over a year and it’s not getting any better.  Please don’t come looking for me. You won’t find me. You’ve been a better friend to me than I deserve.  You’re so good a friend that I know you’d have half of London out looking for me if …
“Sod off back to bloody Minsk or wherever the hell you’ve been.” I closed my eyes and concentrated on my breathing as I began to feel the emotion about to burst forth again.
“This morning I was in Minsk, here is a napkin from the café from which I bought a coffee. Here is my phone. You can use the search engine to check the café exists.”
“I heard a noise and came to check everything was alright. Then I tripped over my own foot on the way out. Like an idiot. And...I...uhm...accidentally fell onto your lamp”, John babbled. He had the urge to swallow loudly but refrained from doing so lest it become a sign of incrimination.
I knew that there was somebody in the room with me. I could feel a hand holding onto my wrist. At first I thought it was one of the medical staff taking my pulse, but several minutes later, the hand was still there. A visitor, then. I had no wish to face anybody at that moment so I kept my eyes closed and attempted to sink back into unconsciousness. I stirred trying to make myself comfortable and suddenly there was no hand on my wrist anymore. Strange. I wondered who it might be until curiosity finally got the better of me. I began to concentrate on waking up. I could hear the steady beeping sound of the heart monitor.
