The scene is so normal, so effortlessly simple, and yet it stirs an emotion in my chest I can’t quite describe. Here are two of the most powerful men in the world, Captain America, a man who punched Hitler, who sacrificed his life for thousands, a living legend, and Tony Stark, the invincible genius, sitting together, drinking wine and talking to me.
Rogers nods and smiles as Harley bounds away, his feet flying down the stairs to what I presume is Stark’s workshop.
If this was the old days, if Tony’s worst fear hadn’t already come true, he’d probably say something along the lines of “We all get nightmares, Cap,” or “Our own demons are the worst ones.” But Tony’s worst fear has come and stayed, so he doesn’t. It’s not the time for platitudes.
Tony’s eyebrows furrow, and his lips turn downwards. “Hey,” he says, “Not an issue. It’s been a while, I know, but even I remember that you’re human.”
sometimes love is this small ebbing flow that washes over in waves, but to be frank? loving tony is the exact opposite. it’s not a slow realisation, or pining, it’s not quiet soulmates and slow smiles. it’s fast and overwhelming and everything steve wants in every way.
I laugh, and nod in concession. “Yeah,” I say, downing the rest of my champagne flute, “I suppose that’s true.”
most recognizable public figure in the world, and all of his life, from his birth, to the death of his parents, to his kidnapping, was highly publicized, broadcasted across news stations all around the world.
He wants to burn the letter and obliterate the phone, but that wouldn’t help, he’s smart enough to know that. So instead, he memorizes every word, and he slips the phone into his pocket.
Tony tilts his head at him and nods. “Yeah,” he says, voice low, and Steve wonders if Tony even remembers. They’d danced and laughed and walked their way around the city, hiding under street lamps and alleyways when people would walk by. It’d been wonderfully fun, having Tony draped against him, his skin so warm, his laugh lighting up the sky.
Just before he drifts off, something soft covers him, and Steve is grateful for it. Seconds later, there’s someone warm hovering over him, and a hand sweeps some of Steve’s long hair off his face. He feels something brush against his forehead in what could be a kiss, except it’s too faint for him to be sure.
Rogers smiles at him, and then kisses him, briefly, before turning back to me. “Yeah,” he says, grinning at his fiance, “Me too.”
Tony smiles, a small little thing, and Steve is caught off guard with how much he wants. He wants to reach over and turn Tony around, and kiss him. He wants to find out exactly how Tony’s mouth tastes, along with LA pollution and the frigid air.
Tony tilts his head and looks at Steve, eyes sad and happy all at once. “Good times,” Tony says, his mouth twisting into a nostalgic smile.
When I arrive, my photographer seems to confuse and bewilder Captain Rogers, and he pulls his fiance aside to whisper a few concerns to him.
Steve jerks in his grasp, still letting out slight whimpers and desperate gasps for air. Tony shakes harder.
His fiance, the ever charismatic Tony Stark shoots me a look and a wink, then leans up against Captain Rogers to press a kiss to his cheek. "Relax, darling," he says, drawing the syllables out. And even from my position a good 7 feet away, I can see the way they melt into each other, how Rogers practically leans into the touch, his shoulders slumping slightly.
He sees it in Steve’s eyes when Steve glances up at him, a soft, tender smile on his face. He looks at Tony like he’s precious, like he can’t take his eyes off him, like he loves him, and Tony can see that this was
it’s not that steve doesn’t love tony in all the small ways too, the quiet “good mornings” and soft smiles, but being with him always feels like the whole world at his fingertips.
Tony gives him what could be a smile over the brim of his own cup. He nods, slightly and inclines his head towards the cup. Steve takes the hint and reaches out, wrapping his hands around it. He takes the smallest sip, so little that he barely has to swallow.
Tony Stark builds to solve all his problems, dirty fingers are his therapy. He builds an amazing relationship, putting in all the effort he can muster, the blood, the sweat and the tears. It’s quite possibly the most marvelous creation Steve has ever had the pleasure of experiencing.
She didn't live long enough to see Tony Stark carry a nuke through a hole in space, or to see him be pronounced dead only to make a triumphant return, but I know if she had, she would have smiled and shook her head, almost as proud of his accomplishments as mine.
sometimes love is this huge, big, massive revelation, but, honestly? loving steve isn’t like that. it’s not cosmic wanting, it’s not yearning or longing or anything destined by the fates. it’s easy. it’s simple. it’s. perfect, in all the little small ways.
loving steve rogers is blue, melancholy, and regret. it’s open ocean and clear skies, it’s lost souls and empty bottles. loving steve rogers is flying and drowning, it’s praying to a long lost god, it’s losing every thought, it’s too much and too slow. it’s dark and heavy, and it feels almost suffocating, except when it doesn’t, and then it feels like tony’s weightless, looking down at the world above as his head spins.
He waits by the phone. He could pick it up but there’s something desperate about watching the world pass him by as he stands still.
Steve continues to look at him, soft and tender, like he knows exactly what Tony’s thinking. “It’ll be okay,” Steve says, echoing Tony’s words, “It’ll be okay.”
And this, this is why Steve’s an idiot. Because he’s been in love with Tony Stark since he can remember, because Tony is smart and kind and beautifully broken, and Steve wants every piece of him.
"I still don't understand why they-" Steve Rogers shoots me a nervous look, that all American purity showing through. "why they want to know
He loves with his entire soul, as if it was what he was made to do, and he does it so beautifully and so quietly that Tony would miss it if he wasn’t paying attention.
He sighs and shakes his head a little, although the corners of his lips tug up in a ghost of a smile. “We do fight,” he says slowly, “But not as much as we used to. Tony takes less risks, and I try to be less of a ‘stubborn asshole,’ as he likes to say.”
tony’s eyes are the dull, dark colour of whisky and emeralds, underscored with dark lines betraying exhaustion and insomnia and regret. steve makes them gold, gloriously glimmering and brimming with manic intelligence.
before raising an eyebrow and smirking. “No,” he says, leaning against Rogers, “Not unless you go all Terminator on me.”
Steve seems to understand though, and he nods, a little. “I miss them,” he whispers, like a confession, like he’s uttering a weakness. Memories flash through Tony’s mind, of happy laughter, of a dumb, smart,
Stark raises an eyebrow and stares at me for a second before his features soften, and he smiles a little, faintly. For a second, I’m concerned that I’ve mentioned a sensitive topic, judging from the way his eyebrows furrow and his foot taps faster under the table, but instead of snapping at me, he gives me a soft, almost contemplative look.
But as most of the room stiffens, Rogers relaxes. His shoulders slump, his eyes soften, his hands steady, and he looks up at Stark with clear adoration and respect in his eyes. It feels almost intimate, to watch them just look at each other.
It’s a dumb memory to think of, now that he’s in his mid forties, but it’s what his racing brain latches onto. He eventually falls back asleep, hand still pressed into the reactor, it’s faint glow lighting up his room.
“Yeah,” he agrees, his fingers rubbing at his engagement ring. At the unasked question in the air, Rogers fills in the blanks. “He helped Tony out a while ago,” Steve says, and doesn’t offer any other explanation.
a choice, not for Steve. He doesn’t hesitate to run headfirst into a fight, and he doesn’t hesitate to love Tony in entirety either.
“Morning,” Tony says, his hand still on Steve’s shoulder. It’s the perfect time to back off, to draw away, but he doesn’t. Steve blinks at him, processing. His eyes still look blown wide and terrified, and something clenches in Tony’s chest.
Then, he snaps out of it and claps his hands together, smiling. “Well,” he says, shrugging, “Guess that’s what happens when you’ve been with the guy for 10 years.”
Tony grabs the cups by their handles and walks back over to the couch. He sets them down on the coffee table, one by Steve and one on the other side of the couch. He sits down and blows on it gently, wrapping his hands around it. It feels good, to sip at it, to feel the warm water go down his throat. Steve stares at his own cup like he doesn’t know how it got there or what it even is.
, like they’re dancing on the grave of their memories, but also, it’s the only thing Tony knows how to do, so he supposes it has to be the slightest bit right too.
Tony’s not sure if it’s his place, but after a few seconds, he gets up from his chair and crosses over to Steve. Tony hesitates for a moment before reaching out and settling a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Steve Rogers runs headfirst into fights, and he gives them his entire soul. He does the same for love, giving it his all, his eyes closed, leaping with reckless abandon and with the last edge of a prayer. It’s quite possibly the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever been lucky enough to see.
I raise my eyebrow at them, and Rogers rushes to explain. “Natasha gave us to her. It was supposed to be hers, but then Bucky moved in, and of course, he’s allergic, so we got her.”
Instead, he sighs, and scoots even closer. They’re touching now, shoulder to shoulder, legs brushing against another. Steve chokes down a sob, eyes glassy as he stares off into the distance.
“Yeah,” he says, softly, “We do a lot of things the same way.” He seems to think about that thought for a while, staring off into space, the silence stretching on and on. It’s a sweet sentiment, and it’s true. While they’re both very distinct, different people, Rogers and Stark operate in tandem, a finely tuned machine, a well made clock.
Their cat nudges against my legs, and I’m reminded that I only have a few more moments with the couple until I’ve got a plane to catch.
they kiss, and it’s stardust and starlight, it is dawnbreak and a million explosions. it is heaven and hell, and tony can’t think of anything better.
“I know,” Tony finally says, drawing his hand back. Steve is warm, and when he pulls away, his hand feels cold, like he’s lost something.
“Hi,” Harley says, nodding his head in my direction. He turns to Rogers and raises his eyebrows in excitement, his eyes going wide. “I’m gonna be down in the lab, yeah? Tony says he’s got some new stuff for me to look at?”
And with that, she sent me off to take out the garbage and wash my hands before dinner. My mother never did stop holding out hope for Tony Stark, even as she lie on her deathbed. We both watched his news conference from her hospital room, Stark’s arm in a sling, cheeseburger in hand, as he bared his soul to the world.
Over the course of the night, I learn that their cat is called Ada, named after Ada Lovelace, the world’s first computer programmer. She’s a sweet cat, black and grey, with darker spots and dots across her fur. She acclimates to me fairly quickly, walking slowly over and resting herself in my lap.
In that moment, I am overwhelmed with gratitude, and I can’t help myself from smiling, beaming, really. Stark seems to enjoy my happiness, returning the grin. Rogers is far more reserved, looking up to give me a few soft glances, but normally hiding behind the shield that his fiance so easily provides.
“You know, if you put an open bag of Corn Pops in the crisper, the condensation-” Tony began, slipping into lecture mode.
Colonel Fury was looking over the map on General Dunn’s folding table with disapprobation and a thick red grease pencil.  Dum-dum Dugan was relaying orders to someone across the river over his radio.
His eyes flicked a quick, surprised glance in Tony’s direction, and Norman’s amiable, shark-like smile broadened a little.
Harry was tempted to leave it like that, but he decided against it.  It was too loud, too disturbing.  Too much a muddy expression of what he was
Tony broke off with a yell, firing his jetboots at full power and zigzagging upwards in an evasive maneuver.
Pulling up on the stick, and lifting them up out of the loud jungle into the pale coolness of a faint crosswind.  Screaming in the compartment aft, but dead, dying or violently alive they were all free now, the sky opening in front of them like the hazy blue of an oil painting… just so long as none of those guns they could still hear chattering in the canopy below got lucky.
The saucer-like craft dodged frantically to avoid Iron Man’s repulsor blasts, and clawed for the upper atmosphere as fast as it’s quantum-engines would go.  Tony was falling behind and he knew it, but there was always a chance that whoever was piloting that thing would make a mistake… he switched to onboard oxygen, and climbed higher.
He knew he couldn't do more, but he had an immense need to please him, to make the pain go away. He wanted to see that stubbornly optimistic and persevering man he admired (
After both found a way to stop pleasuring each other, a while later they were walking towards the town. Their bodies could not be far apart from the other, so they were walking very close. Luckily, they decided to leave early because the sun began to rise and it could be felt the temperature rising. Although the proximity of both when walking could say otherwise.
. Tony thought he heard footsteps behind him but decided to stay still and not move. At that moment some arms began to wrap around him from behind, but he immediately turned around and was hugging him. Tony hugged him tightly around the waist as he buried his head in his chest breathing deeply his scent.
"You with your puppy eyes and your warm voice are not going to convince me," Tony said staring at him.
As Tony walked to the door he felt Steve turned him around to kiss him hard. Tony groaned at the intensity of the kiss. He kept his eyes closed when Steve broke the kiss and heard him speak in his ear. "Playboy and a
"Thank you, Nat," Steve smiled. "They told me it would take a couple of weeks to lower all the inflammation and control any possible infection. Then, they can do the regeneration treatment," he explained her.
The instant Rhodey got up, Tony felt another pang that made him protest in pain. He took his forehead in his hands and fell to the ground on his knees. He closed his eyes tightly and heard his name from Rhodey's voice, but far away.
Steve looked at his entire body with a primitive desire while breathing short of breath. He took the lube again, covered his cock and turned to Tony pushing inside him as far as he could in a single motion. Tony groaned again throwing his head back at the intensity of feeling so complete. Steve pulled out a bit only to press deeply back in, and both of them were lost to the delectable sensations. With each thrust Tony’s body welcomed him, and Steve dropped his hand to his cock, grasping the achingly hard length and stroking in time with his thrusts. Tony could feel his orgasm building as Steve’s thrusts grew quicker, then he wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck to bring him for a kiss.
"It has been very difficult to understand him. However, moments like this make me appreciate it. We have loved each other and felt it, that's enough," Steve said.
"I need you to do something for me, or maybe rather for him," Strange said solemnly with his eyes seeing the people passing by.
Tony and Steve placed as much as they could on the doors to seal them. They were indeed rooms that seemed to be built as shelters for storms. They had some old chairs piled up in a corner and shelves with what looked like preserves. Tony went to the family and helped them warm up. They were all drenched. The three girls looked nervous, but also seemed excited to see him.
"I need to go to the cabin, could you tell the rest that I won't go to the compound?" Tony answered.
, and he began to explain about some changes he needed in his War Machine suit. Frankly, Tony didn't pay much attention to Rhodey. He tried to answer him when he asked a question, and hoped he was right with what he said. His mind was at that moment in the kitchen.
with him was not the right thing to do. If he was honest with himself, the thing was he needed people between him and Steve. He needed to put distance because he didn't trust himself any longer.
Steve stared at him with all the love he felt for him. "You are my life, Tony," he said with his voice affected by an overwhelming emotion.
"It won't be long," Steve told him like if he had read his mind. "We will connect tomorrow at noon."
Steve and Tony entered the meeting room of one of the Stark Company buildings. When they were inside, the team stood up and started clapping. Steve smiled, turned to see Tony, and started clapping too.
«We will go by road better, so we do not attract much attention,» Tony began explaining him. «We will go to see the farm I talked to you, well to your other you, anyway you must remember it too.  OK, I had been thinking about it and had already seen several online, but this one is exactly what I think would be the perfect one. So we will go see it. What do you think?»
"You didn't. It wasn't easy I must say, but I needed that. It is very complicated to try to get out of a well you didn't know you had fallen." Tony said looking into his eyes trying to make Steve understand he was not upset with him. "But I must thank you. At least it is start, recognize it."
"How did you know where I was?" Steve knew it wasn't the right question, but he felt he didn't have the strength to talk about Tony.
“Everything will be fine, you're here with us. Just breathe, we'll explain what happened." Bruce's voice made him calm a little. He trusted them and even more Pepper. As weird as that nightmare was, it was good they were with him.
"You would have bothered if I had told you before. So it seems appropriate to say it now that I saw you both could be together in a room without punching each other faces," Rhodey said laughing.
Tony entered the room and saw Steve sitting with his head lining on the couch. He seemed to be asleep.
"Jesus, Tony!" Steve said worried, approaching the kitchen to remove the food and lower the fire. "OK, I can't cook with you here. You distract me and we will end up eating smoked," he said smiling when he turned to see him.
Steve could also recognize the serenity that both his body and his mind had when he was back with Tony. He had had a 12-hour shift in a row and yet it was now that his body felt tired. As if he could relax because he had seen him again. Maybe it would be good to try to get some rest. His mind began to wander in the memories shared with Tony. The hug they had given just a few hours ago, the farm, the trip to the 1970 they were about to have...
"We should get in here, if they have a security explosive. It will be easier for us to reach this exit," Steve pointed out to Tony on the screen.
Tony took a sip of his coffee. "OK, now I don't know what to say. And I swear I had several arguments prepared."
Steve decided if Tony hit him he would deserve it. But seeing the blood ran through his hands, he immediately took a towel from the kitchen and approached Tony. He took his hand to cover it. "We need to check your hand properly," he said with concern. Surprisingly, Tony hadn't hit him and even let him approach.
On the way back everything was very quiet, he met a group of hikers who did not seem to recognize him and who greeted him kindly. That place could not be more peaceful, he began to like it too much. When Tony arrived at the cabin, he took another shower and the fatigue gripped him, he had been around for 4 hours. Since he was not very skilled at cooking, he put a frozen meal he bought in the microwave and sat down to watch TV. After eating, the sofa was his best friend and went back to it.
Tonight, Steve thanked him for bringing him here. The truth was he looked much better, more relaxed. He would dare to say even a little happy. Obviously, he did it to make Steve feel better, it was a desire born and raised in an instant. But he also had to accept he did it for himself as well. Tony needed to understand him. Why while smiling, Steve's eyes looked at him with adoration? Was it desire what he saw in them too? How could he inspire so much...what was that? What was that in Steve's elusive eyes when Tony turned around and could capture him looking at him.
Steve did not know if he could continue speaking. The echo of sadness of his own words made him feel miserable. He was starting to feel so lost, so little. Tony was looking at him with confusion in his eyes. But also there was something else, some kind of realization? He needed to say it.
Steve was looking in the cabinets of the house and found some bandages and alcohol. It was something to focus on. He left those on the counter and went to continue peeling the potatoes. They would eventually have to eat, so better to finish cooking. He told himself that trying to focus on something else. Then his mind started wandering again. For an instant he could not believe Tony was looking at him the way he did. The desire contained in his eyes had spoken to him without words. However, he couldn't do that to Tony; he couldn't confuse him. It was his fault for coming with his afflictions and the things he said. That he needed him, missed him and
They started dancing looking into their eyes. They were giving each other soft kisses that caressed their lips and tasted the blessed glory contained in that instant. Steve couldn't feel more grateful and happy. Better yet to see the same devotion he felt for him reflected in Tony's eyes.
"You have to be strong, Steve," Natasha told him. "The worst is over. But even if things get complicated, you both will make it. It won't be easy."
"Why not?" Steve turned and looked at him defiantly. He felt some raindrops began to fall to his face.
Tony passed by Steve side and walked very fast to the house. His thoughts were numbed, and he truly couldn't understand himself.
"Sure," Tony repeated on purpose Steve's words. "What?" He said pretending to be surprised when he looked at him. Steve had a half smile on his lips, but his narrowed eyes told him he knew what Tony was doing.
The team were at Rhodey's family house celebrating his birthday. Tony had gone to one of the rooms to call Steve. It had passed 6 weeks without seeing him, and he was completely desperate for him to arrive. He was really impressed of how much he missed him. Lately, when the missions separated them, he tried to focus on the job, but this time it had been too long. For several times he thought about going to meet him, but he knew he had to be responsible and do his part too. Moreover, even though "Mr. Right" missed him as much as he did, he would not like him to appear there leaving matters unfulfilled. And those were the things that made him love him so damn much, Tony thought pleased. Even though he would never admit it out loud, he loved Steve was like that, so rigorous and responsible. Although a little voice also told him he could tempt him until he lost his mind.
Tony shot out of the lab, climbed the stairs of his room and found Pepper coming out of the bathroom. Tony approached her and began kissing her with all his might. Pepper received him in her arms but not before dropping the towel she had on so he could feel her entire body naked. Tony groaned in pleasure and began to touch her naked body recognizing every part of it. Pepper broke the kiss to take his shirt off, and Tony groaned when he felt her breasts against him when she kissed him again. Tony lifted her up and carried her to the bed. There he began to kiss her neck and listened with delight to Pepper's moans of pleasure. He took her breasts caressing them and savoring her nipples with his tongue. Slowly he went down her stomach while listening to Pepper's desperate gasps.
"What would have happened after the storm passed?" Tony asked knowing that Steve understood what he meant.
Tony laughed softly pleased to see them argue about him. Soon after, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor, who had come for the occasion, approached. There was another woman with them Tony did not recognize meeting before.
"I need to get to Bara Bangal. It's supposedly the last place Mordo was seen. He's a sorcerer, and I'll help you with that. But the army he has now, that's when you come in. We must stop him." Wong seemed genuinely concerned, but Tony still did not understand with what were they dealing with.
Steve stepped away and stared into his eyes, "I love you." He turned on the GPS and disappeared from Tony's kitchen.
"And you tell us this now? How the hell do I tell my soul to return to my body? And what damn lesson should I learn?" Tony kept shouting to silence his own thoughts. To silence all the implications of what he had seen, lived, heard from Steve. He wanted to run, although that was not the solution. He needed to get some air, so he left the room listening his name behind him.
While Steve was denying himself accepting his love, he for his part didn't fight out of cowardice. He just ran into Pepper's arms and made love to her.
"I need to try. At the end, Hulk is not only a part of me. It's me. And I strongly believe I could reconcile both sides." Bruce responded confidently.
Steve kissed him, but this time was a tender kiss that gently touched his lips. A chaste kiss that was recognizing his breath, tasting this breath. A sweet and calm kiss that stole a little time from the world to travel every millimetre of his mouth.
"I think I expected you to do it," Tony said without surprise, staring at him. "Did you touch yourself thinking of me?" Tony asked.
Cho nodded. And Thor, Steve and Tony saw how the wound the doctor had opened to inject the formula began to heal itself. Tony knew the regeneration was working, but what he didn't know what was going on in Bruce's mind at the moment. Suddenly, Banner's body began shaking as his skin began to turn green.
His soul found comfort in Steve's body, that union to him he had longed for along with his heart for many years. He loved Pepper, but he also loved Steve.
Tony stared at him too. "I want to kiss you so badly. I'm beginning to believe I have very little self-control around you," he told him doubting.
"I think only one person should go," Rocket told them. "It'll be much faster and more efficient. Build a smaller portal, and we already know where and how to return them."
Tony smirked at him as he continued to lick and suck that cock he wanted so much between his lips. He continued sliding his mouth up and down along with the pumping of his hand, and he could see how he had made Steve forget about any question. Every swirling of Tony’s tongue evoked Steve's gasps with more intensity as if each of his movements were melting him. Between pant and moans, Steve started bulking up his hips when Tony took him even deeper. With his free hand he cupped Steve's balls to squeeze them and heard him let out a loud whimper. He hummed around his length, and Steve tried to say a word that Tony could sense was a warning. But he just smiled pleased as he saw him burn to his ministrations. In a few seconds Steve couldn't hold back his orgasm shooting down Tony's throat while crying out his name. Tony pulled back so only Steve's head was in his mouth, swallowing every drop and still working the head with his tongue. After a moment, licking his lips, Tony leaned next to him to look at him.
Tony entered his lab, and a thought took him by surprise, he liked coming home. This time, the word hadn't sounded so far away, it was his
The smell of fried eggs and bacon woke him. When Tony went to the kitchen, he saw Steve occupied on the making of what looked like a continental breakfast.
. Now the soul thing was left. Tony ran his hand over his face exasperated. A face he didn't know. Somebody knocked at the door.
When Tony approached the depots, he again asked Friday where to enter. The AI replied they had two entry possibilities, but it would be better if each one entered one at a time.
"It's better if we talk tomorrow, Tony. We're both tired. We can think things better," Steve said as he placed a towel over his shoulder.
"Steve visited you every day you were unconscious. He stayed all night by you side sitting in a chair," Rhodey said out of nowhere.
Tony looked into Steve eyes and this time all the anger was gone. "Why me?," he asked staring at him with apprehension.
Steve was in the compound again. His heart was still beating very fast. He was in one of the rooms on the top floor. Strange had assured him it was the right place to wait. He honestly didn't know what he had to do or where he could move without being seen. He didn't even know if Friday and the cameras would be filming him, but he was confident Strange knew what he was doing. Suddenly, the door of the room opened and there he was, Tony.
When they were walking along the main street of the town, Steve was struck by a beautiful building that had a sign on the front door with the words: "
"I can feel he is no longer here," Tony told him realizing he could feel the sensation of Steve's closeness in his body.
Tony sighed. "I don't know how to do it if I know I'm so close. I feel I shouldn't stop," he said looking into his eyes.
The day had come. Pepper's birthday. Tony had decided to spend the weekend in the cabin they had bought. He was having a beer sitting in the courtyard that overlooked the lake. His thoughts were going to that day in which Pepper and him spoke that if they decided to have children it would be perfect to live there. How life would have been with her in that place, he wondered. The house was beautiful and quite large, and perhaps one of the best things it had was the lake so close.
"I tell you one thing, don't trust this guy and his drink. I was fine until I tried that thing again," Rhodey said in a drunken voice.
"I talk to my father sometimes. And you can call me crazy, but sometimes I even hear him laugh at the jokes I tell him," Rhodey said with a warm smile.
Steve stared at Tony and approached him without looking away until he was close. He took the cup from his hand, put it on the counter, and went straight to the belt of Tony's robe to open it. He approached Tony's ear, "Can I have my breakfast?," he said in a hoarse voice. Tony didn't know when he had stopped breathing, but after hearing him, he let out a breath that almost ended in a groan. Steve placed his palms on Tony's bare skin, his fingers running up and down, and began kissing his neck. "Can I?" he said once more.
"OK, here you have," Rhodey said, handing each one a beer. "Is it getting hotter or is it just me?" Rhodey asked them.
It could not be more difficult than this. He once thought that waking up in an unknown world was the most terrifying and hardest thing he ever lived. Now he knew with the certainty only death gives him
"Nice to meet you," Strange said shaking his hand. "Can we go somewhere else?" he said, addressing Steve.
. Tony shut the hot water. The cold shower would help, he thought. However, after a minute under cold water, the super soldier's body seemed to regulate his body temperature.
Steve turned away from Tony trying to fix his clothes. "You must follow her. We both know you must," he said without looking at Tony to his eyes.
"I'm glad," Shannon replied. "Steve, I wanted to introduce you to some friends, if that's okay with you."
Tony lay down again with his legs open and Steve came over to kiss him. They kissed lustfully until Steve stepped back to take some lubricant and start loosening Tony's entrance. Steve saw him close his eyes when he started moving his finger inside him. He felt the twitch of his cock that leaked precum just by seeing Tony arousal. For an instant, he wanted to touch Tony's erection, but he knew if he did he could make him come. So he resisted the temptation and began to introduce another finger to open his entrance further. Tony moaned and began to move to the thrusts of Steve's fingers. When he introduced a third, he touched Tony's prostate making him cry in pleasure.
"I've just wanted to love you and apparently I haven't known how to do it," Steve told him with anguish in his voice.
In the kitchen, Steve tried to cook while he was interrupted with Tony's kisses. He had told Steve he would help, but Tony was really doing nothing but stealing kisses at every moment.
One of the wars, at least one of the endless wars these Asian countries had, was over. After this year there in Cambodia, he had realized religion had made a difference in the resolution for peace. Buddhism, a religion unknown to him, had acted as a symbol of union of the people before a common cause. The freedom of their traditional values. It had been a great discovery for Steve to understand that something so unique, which seemed so simple, could create so much. No super soldiers or serums were needed. Only the brave, selfless and persevering behavior of those monks as resistance leaders helped to achieve change. He had learned a lot. The world was wonderful, each and every person in it came to create a story we all told together.
"Coffee?" Natasha asked him seeing the shield in his hand. Tony saw she knew what that meant so she went to the kitchen.
Keep it steady!” Tony heard himself say. “Wait!” Tony turned to see the girl next to him who took him by the shirt and kissed him. “Go get him.” The elevator again. The girl, but aged, saw him surprised from her hospital bed. “It's been so long. So long”... “Well, I couldn't leave my best girl,” he said. “Not when she owes me a dance.” Tony closed his eyes and when he opened them he felt someone in his arms whom he took through the neck very hard.
"Oh, only heaven knows you missed me too, and you don't want to admit it." Thor threw himself into an effusive hug, and Tony couldn't help it.
"Tony, it's not your fault. I know it's hard to see it now. But I will be by your side every day of the rest of my life to make you see that it's not your fault.” Rhodey told him with a lot of conviction in his voice.
Steve stopped to see him, and without taking his intense gaze from him, he began to sink his mouth over the head of Tony's cock and sucked it gently.
When walking back to the house, the silence this time was very comfortable. Steve had thanked Tony for the evening, but especially for doing this for him. It had been so long since he felt so relaxed and peaceful. Steve knew he could sleep tonight as he had not done for a long time. It felt so good being there with Tony, walking under the starry sky. He felt hopeful as if everything had a meaning, a purpose, and today being there was his.
Tears camouflaged with the water running, but his body felt weak. Tony felt Steve hugging him from behind, then he threw his head back leaning on his shoulder.
. Those words hurt more than an insult, but he couldn't do anything else. Besides, he knew her very well too and recognized Pepper knew when to choose her battles.
Tony watched as Steve took something from his pockets. "Please," he repeated. But even he didn't know what he was asking.
Next day they woke up early to return to the compound. Nevertheless, it was very difficult for them to try to leave the house. They decided to take a bath together, and that took longer than it should. They decided to dress together, and
«We could have them for lunch… what? What are you going to do with them after we fished them?» Asked Steve laughing of the expression of disgust on Tony's face when he mentioned they could eat the fish.
«Tony, I am going to answer all your questions the best I can, but it is important you understand I should not spend too much time in here. I should go as soon...»
"Your own amusement park but about technology. I know, you tell me every time we come," Steve said smiling.
Wong's words wrapped his heart in a peace he could somehow recognized. Tony felt his words spoke of an absolute truth. In such a little time for him, the universe had become so large that it allowed the expression of everything one could conceive. It was no longer enough just to believe in what could be proven. He recognized in his soul that life was truly inexplicable, which made it extremely powerful.
«My name must be some kind of lucky charm for you or something? You use it a lot. Too much I could say,» Tony interrupted him trying to change the object of the conversation. He really did not want to talk about it. He did not want to talk to Steve. So he decided, at that precise moment, it was time to go to sleep. Tony started walking to the house.
“We don't know why it happened, but Wong and other sorcerers are trying their best to help you.” This time Rhodey spoke. He was unusually silent, Tony thought.
Steve nodded again, not knowing what to say. Suddenly, someone was knocking at the door. Pepper was standing there.
"Sir, the storm is approaching. You have less than 15 minutes to return to the shelters" Tony heard FRIDAY say.
Steve and Bucky were at the same pace running. They had given several rounds to the park. Nevertheless, he had to stop for a second.
Steve. And how good those full lips that reddened with his touch felt. Tony kissed him and he was sure that when sucking those lips he could taste the ambrosia of the Gods. He placed his hands on Steve's neck and hair to bring him closer deepening the kiss. Tony felt overwhelmed as he has never felt in his life. If pleasure could be defined with a sound, it was Steve's moans of intense delight, the melody. If desire could be defined with an action, it was the gentle movements of Steve's tongue, the perfect dance. When Steve broke away from the kiss, Tony was left gasping for breath.
Every day that passed Tony could feel Steve. His longing, his sadness and that absurd resignation. By just closing his eyes, he could feel him near him. He could relive being in his body, being him. Tony missed him, as he always had, although only now he recognized it. For every second he thought of him and missed him, an immense pain gripped his chest. A shared pain, which from the other side always whispered a
"Good. Much better now I see you two," Steve told them happily. He couldn't believe he had them in front of him. The world really was back.
and stubborn man, who has just emerged from the ice. There, in that heart, is already contained all the greatness of what I feel for you. You must know that, always," Steve replied trying to give voice to his feelings for the first time.
"Just letting him know is enough. We can go for him and then go with the others,” Wong explained him.
Tony turned away from Steve and addressed Scott. "We thought you had disappeared like the rest," Tony said perplexed at the recognition of whom he was.
"OK, it's over," said Chandra sitting up too, and placing her head on Steve's shoulder while hugging him.
At the living room, Steve sat down and pointed out to Tony to sit next to him on the sofa. Not even for a second did Tony stop to think about the jokes that would follow that, and sat next to him. Natasha sat next to Tony and winked at him. Tony couldn't understand how everyone was so little surprised at this new situation. As if it was something they already knew, before Tony, it was going to happen. Well, Tony knew Natasha was the first to know, but he was surprised Rhodey and Bruce also knew they could end up together. Apparently, they knew him quite well. Some teasing friends, but friends, Tony smiled. Suddenly, Tony noticed how Steve took him by the hand intertwining their fingers and caressed him while watching TV. Tony turned to see him and Steve smiled at him affectionately. Tony responded to his touch and turned to continue watching TV thinking about how strange life could be. Today he was there feeling loved, not only by an extraordinary man he admired intensely, but also by his friends. Life had turned too big in such a short time. And even though, thinking about Pepper, it seemed unfair that he could feel so happy and complete again. He knew she understood him and wanted him to be happy. She would want that his heart continued beating overwhelmed as it did at that moment, wrapped in a sense of calm that could be translated into sublime joy.
Steve turned to see Tony who was still entertained talking to Carol. Poor Rhodey, they said a minute, Steve thought. Tony turned to see him and winked at him. Steve couldn't be happier, there wasn't a second of his life he didn't feel grateful to be with Tony.
«Stable, the nurse told me it was better if he sleeps. It won't be so painful that way,» he explained to her.
Steve smiled shaking his head. "You are impossible even in my body," he sighed. "I better leave you to rest." He addressed to the door.
"Perfect, Rhodey will go to London tomorrow too. I'm sorry we stay here, but we need to finish the formula," Bruce said, pointing to Tony.
"Me too. Remember we are both guilty." Tony sighed and turned to see him. "I need to be alone." He headed for the door when he felt Steve take him by the arm. The moment Steve touched his arm, Tony felt the blast of heat again, but with such intensity he had to close his eyes. When Tony opened his eyes, he saw Steve a few meters in front of him. He looked around and saw they were in what it seemed like a white room, but infinite as the library. The ground looked like water but they could be on it.
Tony was drinking a little of the juice and laughed so hard he even spilled a little. "I'm sorry," he said cleaning up the mess a bit, but still laughing. Steve laughed too. "I have to confess I have a serious addiction to caffeine."
A month later, as I watch Tony Stark, exchange “I do’s” with Steve Rogers, I’m absolutely certain that my mother was right. Love is a blessing, and I have no doubt, that going into the future, their marriage, this union, will be nothing but a blessing.
Tony clears his throat, and nods, shakily. He takes a sip of his tea, and surprisingly enough, it helps. “I know,” he finally says, because it’s true, and also because he doesn’t have anything else to say.
If he thinks about it, the closest he can get are the hugs Jarvis sometimes gave him, the kisses on the forehead from Maria. But the word, home, it reminds Tony of boarding school sheets stained with tears, of a genius kid stuck in a laboratory for long hours, of empty walls and hollow compartments.
Tony Stark and Steve Rogers announced their engagement on Good Morning America through Tony Stark’s previous secretary now CEO, Pepper Potts. And over this past weekend, I got the chance to sit down with them both, to visit their home and attend their gala, all to write this article about the most powerful couple in the world.
It’s a losing game though, because they dance around each other, lost and scared, stars caught in each other’s orbit.
And I find myself believing him. Not because the few minutes I spent with Harley Keener were particularly enlightening, but because Tony Stark has the inexplicable capability of making words seem powerful, of making the future seem almost tangible. Stark’s a futurist, after all, and when he points his finger at me and proclaims that the young teenager I met yesterday is going places, I believe him instinctually.
He wants to gather up every piece of Tony Stark he can get, but he can’t, because he doesn’t deserve it, he loves him, and he’s such a fucking coward. He wants Tony Stark to ruin him, just so he can see the man he’s always loved finally find some peace after all these years.
Steve wishes he never sent that letter, or that stupid phone. He couldn’t get the words out so he shouldn’t have tried to force it anyway. He couldn’t find the perfect way to say “I’m so sorry,” so he went halfway and fucked up.
He wants to destroy every piece of Steve Rogers he has left, but he can’t, because he’s weak, and he still loves him, and he’s so fucking weak. He wants to ruin Steve Rogers, he wants to leave him behind like he left Tony, but he can’t, because after all these years, he loves him.
“Maybe,” Steve replies, words soft, not as steady as they used to be. Tony sits there, fiddling with his tablet, trying to pretend that he isn’t watching Steve out of the corner of his eye. Steve sits there, shifting against the cushions, as if he’s trying to get comfortable. Now that Tony’s thinking about it, he doesn’t think he’s seen Steve actually sleep in his room since he got back. Every single day, when Tony would head to bed, or at least, pretend to, Steve would be on the couch, a grimace etched into his face.
“Okay,” Steve says, like he’s still trying to figure out what Tony said five minutes ago. His eyes still dart around, nervously, but they soften, settle, a little when he looks at Tony.
they sleep soundly, moulded together from shoulder to knee, ephemeral kisses to heated skin and fingers laced together under light arctic shadows. and steve wouldn’t trade him for anything.
I nod, and that’s when I can’t help but bring it up, just because it’s such a small, trivial thing, and yet it matters so much, it means so much.
. Steve, who once got shot five times before breakfast and walked it off by noon. This is Steve, who lied and ran away, when Tony needed him the most. This is Steve, who Tony loves, has always loved, will always love.
It’s fascinating to just watch them exist, the sheer trust they have in each other. There’s no doubt in my mind, watching them as Tony walks into the house, immediately seeking Steve’s embrace, that they would do anything and everything for each other.
It takes two weeks to officially meet the couple, and when I do, it’s in passing. Mr. Stark has an event to go to, a new showing of an invention, and so I show up at the airport to meet them both before Stark sets off for Washington.
And this, this is why Steve’s an idiot. Because he’s been in love with Tony Stark since he can remember, because Tony is smart and kind and beautifully broken, and Steve wants every piece of him.
Rogers huffs a little, an amused expression on his face. “Tony’s not,” he says, tilting his head at his fiance, “And I wasn’t. We didn’t really get her, per se.”
Rogers nods a little, and gives me one of his rare smiles. “Yeah,” he says, one hand resting across Tony’s legs, “That’s true.”
“He’s a good kid,” Tony says. “He’s bright. Fuck, he’s so bright. He’s gonna change the world someday, just you watch,” Stark says, his eyes staring straight through me.
“You seem so in touch. It seems hard to imagine you disagreeing, or fighting about anything,” I say, watching his reaction.
The photographer besides me snaps dozens of pictures, and Stark notices, pulling his fiance so that they're facing away from us. I can't exactly make out what they're saying, but it's a lot of hushed whispers and small smiles from them both. Finally, Mr. Stark pulls away and smiles at his fiance, walking briskly over to shake my hand and introduce himself, his eyes brown and vibrant, warm and inviting.
“I do, actually.” Stark says, interlacing his hand with Steve’s, “I’m looking forward to spending the rest of my life with this guy. I’m lucky.”
“Oh,” I respond, and look down at the cat purring in the crook of my legs. It’s a strange thought, that the feline in my lap was once owned by two of the world’s most deadly assassins, but I push it aside as best as I can.
Either way, despite their differences, the effect they have on each other is clear as day. When Stark enters the room, most people stand up, their backs straighten, and their hands shake. He is, after all, the second most wealthy man in the world, outranked by King T'Challa, whom he is regularly photographed with, along with Shuri, Wakanda’s resident genius mastermind.
He’s been a fool for Steve Rogers ever since he fell from the sky with the thought of blue eyes and wide, hopeless grins in his mind.
It’s silly to think about now, seventy years into the future and free from the plague of his childhood asthma, but his sleepy brain clings on to it. When he falls back asleep, his fingers are tangled with Tony’s over the warm reactor.
Rogers smiles at me, and then looks over at his husband, who has a strange, almost melancholy, half sentimental look on his face. “Tony?” he says, one arm curling around Stark’s shoulders.
He loves with everything he has, as if it was what he was built to do, and he does it so fearlessly and so recklessly, that Steve couldn’t miss it if he tried.
Tony has to swallow hard when Steve says his name. He still says it in exactly the same way, but it’s softer, somehow, these days. Less angry. More...something. Tony doesn’t know what, but he catches the looks Steve gives him, sometimes. He looks at Tony like he’s constantly on the verge of apologizing, but doesn’t know how.
We talk for a few moments, nothing important, and yet it’s striking, just to watch them interact. Rogers takes an interest in the wine Stark’s holding, and Tony holds the glass up to his lips, tipping it back. Rogers accepts the routine with ease, and after he pulls away, Stark gently swipes at his bottom lip, wiping any wine that’s spilled.
Steve finally, tilts his head in Tony’s direction, and looks at him. “You don’t know that,” he finally says. It’s not cruel, not meant to be a jab. It’s just the truth.
and instead opts for sitting a little closer. They’re still a good foot apart, but it seems to calm Steve down.
Rogers and Stark are an obvious example of my mother's words. Rogers does his best to answer every question, despite his qualms. He leans forward, he smiles, he contemplates before answering, and every word is earnest and genuine. Stark, on the other hand, is all glib smiles and jokes, evading my questions with effortless ease. By the time I've realized he hasn't answered a single question, it's been forty minutes and he's managed to cover an array of subjects, from his fellow avengers to the ludicrousy of the wage gap.
“He seems sweet,” I offer. Tony smiles, wide, all teeth, before it turns softer, kinder, and in that moment, I understand
Steve smiles at him, and it’s tender and soft, fondness in his eyes. Tony returns it, and leans forward to kiss him, brief and short. Steve leans forwards, until a hand on his shoulder stops him, and with a blush rising to his cheeks, he looks back over at me and stammers out an apology.
He sees it in Tony’s smile when Tony glances up at him, eyes sparkling and mischievous. He smiles at Steve like he’s found everything in life he’s been looking for, like he loves him, and Steve can see that nothing could ever compare, not for Tony. He doesn’t hesitate to dive into his projects, and he doesn’t hesitate to love Steve as best he can either.
But also, in a more sentimental tone, as I've mentioned previously, Stark is a beacon for change. I remember my mom sitting at our kitchen table, shaking her head at a clip of a young Tony Stark walking through party crowds, glasses in hand, women draped over his arms.
Of course, one of the most obvious answers is who Captain America is getting married to. Stark has been a household name for centuries, appearing on dozens of magazines, awards, news reels. Tony Stark is easily
It makes Tony’s heart pang, makes him want to reach up and rub at his surgery scars. Instead, he walks back over to the kitchen island. Steve shifts, uncomfortably.
"See?" she had said, turning to look at me. "People are always more than you think they are. Remember that, Jesse."
Tony wants to burn the letter. Smash the phone. He wants to throw it off the fucking tallest building in the world, and watch as it shatters to pieces. He wants to run his hands through the ashes of the letter, and ask it, “You still sorry?”
He’s finally done with specs for Nat’s new Widow Bites, his favorite Sourpatch is here for a week-long visit, and he’s been successfully parrying Steve’s not-so-subtle advances with moves of his own for the past two weeks.
“We’re not together,” Tony repeats, sounding breathless, and Steve’s heart leaps in his chest as he recognizes the glowing, warm expression on Tony’s face as hope. “Did you think… Is that why you…”
“I know you can, I’d never argue that. But that doesn’t mean I will stop saving you when I can. I’ll always want to save you.”
“Okay, Tony, it’s your turn next.” Natasha’s smile turns speculative as she fixes her gaze on Tony, a calculating look in her eyes. It’s the same look Steve saw on her face just before she took down Clint in yesterday’s sparring session, so he knows she means business.
“What do you mean, what am I doing here? I’m in your room, so unless you’ve got another one of my best friends hiding out in here, I’m looking for you.” Steve walks in and shuts the door behind him, dropping his backpack on the floor behind him.
“I’m demiromantic. It means that if I do experience romantic feelings for someone, it’ll only happen after I get to know them very well.” Steve smiles as he thinks of Tony, and something tight unfurls in his chest. “It’s finally making sense to me now, why I always felt like I couldn’t relate when most people talked about love and dating in high school, and why blind dates or speed dating aren’t for me.”
“I’m fine,” he tries. The smile on his face is probably falling far short of convincing. Steve knows he’s been caught when he spots Tony’s mouth going tight with frustration, his gaze darkening in turn. Tony’s knowing, searching look pins Steve down and his flimsy facade of cheerfulness at completing the mission folds like a weak house of cards, leaving him no place left to hide.
Steve, I love you. God, I love you so much it’s stupid sometimes. I love you when you’re happy, when you’re sad, when you’re mad at the world, and when you can’t sleep because it’s all too much. I love you through all of that, and I know you love me through all of my good, bad, ugly moments too, and that’s. That’s… I don’t even have the words for that. I want to make you laugh every day. I want to make you happy like you make me even when I’m not, because it means that much to have you next to me. I want to grow old with you and love you for the rest of my life, because you’re my home.
Tony shifts on Steve’s lap, grinding up against him as he turns his attention elsewhere. Steve groans as Tony fastens his mouth to the juncture between Steve’s neck and shoulder and bites down hard. Tony knows the serum means any marks he makes on Steve will fade fast, but that thought only encourages him more.
Steve turns to Tony with a grin, leaning comfortably against the kitchen counter as he sips from his own “I’m lazy and I don’t care” cat mug. It was a gag gift from Thor that Steve unabashedly adores.
There are small slivers of skin peeking out from between the edge of Steve’s jeans and his sneakers. Tony has no idea why he can’t seem to look away from them, but it takes him a herculean effort to do so.
Tony’s blush is unmistakable even in the dim lightning. “Shit. Ah, thanks, Steve. I’m fine.” He rubs the back of his neck, looking sheepish. “I was looking for you, actually, but then I tripped on the step.”
Steve steps into the elevator, letting out a loud sigh of relief when the doors close without anyone else coming in. The mission he's just returned from had been a long one, and all he wants now is a good cup of coffee and some decent sleep.
Steve’s hand is warm in Tony’s when he reaches out to lace their fingers together, and Tony bites back a grin.
“Congratulations,” Steve says, clapping a hand to Foggy’s shoulder. “You deserve it. And we may not be on for the lonely hearts club anymore, but you’re still on the hook for the Hobbit movie marathon. Popcorn and hours of yelling at Peter Jackson’s directing choices.”
“They always make me think of you, of us. It’s perfect, Tony.” He leans in again to brush his lips over Tony’s. “I love you.”
“I’m supposed to meet Carol for a run this morning, sweetheart.” Steve knows he should get up, but Tony is warm and pliant in his arms, and it’s a hard temptation to resist.
Rhodey grins and goes in for a hug, clasping Steve on the shoulder. “I took an early flight and crashed in one of the guest rooms last night. Been down here all morning.”
“Are you alright? Why are you drowning in blankets?” Tony’s nose wrinkles at Steve’s question. Steve’s heartbeat speeds up at the sight, and he has to push away the urge to lean over and give the wrinkle a kiss.
Tony glided out across the room, paused with his gauntlets on the low brick windowsill, then pushed off and skated backwards.  He turned, reversing direction, and looked around more, still skating.
“Yes, but it assumes that the civil authorities will be working -with- us, and since SHIELD and the FBI have declared this a criminal
He hit the round red button on top of the black box with his palm- -it was designed to take such abuse- -and shut his eyes, swallowing.
Tony found the stairwell, gimmicked the lock, and walked up quickly.  He snuck around the carpeted upper levels of some kind of office building until he found a building plan on the wall, and let himself into the security room.
“No, it’s -jinxed-,” Peter argued, “-every time you build a new suit of armor, the freezer goes out.  It’s like rain and a freshly waxed car…”
week,” Tony said loudly, “-I told you last Tuesday I couldn’t fit you in before the- -hangonnasecond…”  Tony covered the mouthpiece of the receiver with one hand, and glared at the covey of teenagers clustered around the jukebox.  “OFF,” he ordered, pointedly.
Steve watched Tony’s reaction sidelong, and said nothing.  Tony took one side of the newspaper from him and read more, occasionally mouthing a word like ‘cease-fire’, or ‘linebacker’, and muttering under his breath.
“-I- want ‘im,” Luke declared.  He prodded the forklift driver with the toe of his boot, “-hey!  Toro!  You seen the Goblin around here, or what?”
There was a fading scent of incense in the still air, and the distant, orderly confusion of mid-morning traffic below on forty-second street.
Another problem was that if his life as Tony Stark was examined in detail, the names ‘Peter Parker’ and ‘Steve Rogers’ would come up very quickly.
“I don’t know where he hangs out man, that guy’s a freak!”  The thug who’d surrendered first yelped quickly, “-he keeps to himself, and who tha hell wants him, yanno?”
Tony rubbed his arm absently when Steve let go, frowning.  Steve tensed and glanced down when Tony’s fingers fell away from the spot, but there was nothing there to see.  Steve relaxed uneasily.
Tony rubbed his face with one hand, and frowned.  His head was definitely in pain, but not the four-alarm god-awful migraine that re-setting and getting trashed usually gave him.  Huh.
“Those,” Cap pointed to two loose ends of heavy cable ripped out of the gray metal box on a nearby railway signal light post.
“Luke heard about a smuggling ring on the East docks we should look into.  We’re meeting at seven on the pier where you fought Doc Ock last summer.”
He stretched his neck experimentally, and winced.  That didn’t feel right.  Painfully sore like armor bruising, maybe something worse.  But Steve had never-
War Machine ordered the camera to zoom in sharply, and kept his eyes trained on the quick-moving black shape as it doglegged between the buildings three blocks north of his current position.  So, the Midnight Racer was learning, no longer traveling in straight lines and relying exclusively on speed.  That fit his profile perfectly, but it probably wouldn’t be very effective against the Green Goblin…
He and Tony were relaxing at the kitchen table drinking coffee, and from the look of the dishes in front of them and the delicious smells that lingered in the room, they’d already
A sudden unorthodox mental picture of King Arthur and Sir Gawain occurred to him, and Tony actually blushed a little.
He saw assorted hubcaps, hanging coils of thick copper electrical wire, a framed poster of a B-24 bomber in flight, a perfect steel gear the size of a dinner-plate, and several mechanical parts that didn’t seem to go to -anything-.  There was a classic hot-rod calendar, heavily annotated in black permanent marker… one scrawl, written sideways on the picture and carefully avoiding the pinup-car itself, looked like some form of complex mathematical notation.
The door at the top of the stairs led into a long hallway with two far-spaced doors on the opposite side, perhaps offices.  Steve took a key out of a small pocket hidden along his waistband, and opened the nearer one.
- -anyway, War Machine went up into the steelwork of the Williamsburg Bridge to watch the Racer, who was flying around East River Park and under the base of the bridge, And I was watching both of them, also on the bridge.”
A long slash crossed her forearm diagonally where she’d raised it to ward off a sword-cut.  The blow had parted the tempered steel skin with barely a dent, severed a bundle of wiring underneath at an angle, and sheared through two mechanical linkages.
Tony shut the shower off, and stepped out dripping.  He toweled himself mostly dry, then wiped down the wrist-seal of the latex glove covering the front of his arc reactor carefully, and pulled it off with a snap.  Tony raised a hand to wipe the mirror so he could see to shave, and- -stopped.
“Yeah, but like I said I webbed, so I just climbed back up.  And then I was freezing and my Spider-comm. was shorted out anyway, so I came here.”
Steve looked over questioningly, then corrected his gaze an inch or so higher for the extra height Tony’s roller-skate wheels gave him.
“Okay, I’ll ask it,”  Peter said, eyeing the string of red plastic disks that hung suspended from the garage ceiling like a bizarre clothesline, “-what’s with all the hole-punched Frisbees?”
The song played on, but the lyrics became confusing, and Steve couldn’t re-engage with it.  When the music trailed off into a montage of crickets, night-birds and distant sirens, Steve looked over at Tony, who was watching his face with concern.
Tony magnetically erased the videotapes that might have had his face on them, fixed on the old labels, and stuck them in last month’s tape cases.
the strangest debriefing I’ve ever had…”  Peter reminded himself, firmly.  “-Okay, ahh… I was out- generally seeking evil on the hoof, and uh…  I saw War Machine kind of hunkered down on the one of the World Trade Center towers.  I mean, I heard him when he landed there, and then he began with the hiding.”
At first he wasn’t sure the record was being played at all, because it started with a soft, regular mechanical noise, almost like the very faint beat of a helicopter blade.  Then a slow ripple of cymbals, and a clear, meditative guitar began.  Hide-headed drums, like he’d heard in North Africa while countering one of Rommel’s agents…
-hot… that had to be the magnesium alloy wheels stored in the broom closet upstairs, Tony thought, detaching Peter into a side-street two blocks out.  Peter cut his momentum by webbing off a lamppost, and vanished into shadow.  Then he was just a silent red dot, shifting up and down Tony’s right-side tracking indicator lights as he swung between buildings.
Peter heard water running in the bathroom, though there was no sign of breakfast yet.  One of life’s small, passing miseries.  He caught sight of Tony’s cluttered worktable in the far corner, and gravitated there to examine the black and silver components of Harry’s disassembled hoverboard.
Harry -did- catch it, a difficult catch for someone with normal reflexes, and partially sedated it should have been flat-out impossible.
“Wow.  That is -clean-,” Tony acknowledged, inspecting the damage to Misty Knight’s mechanical right arm.
“Hmmmmmn…”   Steve buried his face in the dark curls just above Tony’s ear, and inhaled deeply, smiling, “-
…But saving one of the pilots who had tried to shoot them down would be an excellent way to start countering whatever cock-and-bull story the powers that be in Washington were doubtless cooking up for their unwelcome return.  He couldn’t do anything less, really.  …Not in front of Peter.
“Tony? Are you here? Open up!” Steve raises his hand to knock again, only to find himself falling forward when the door is wrenched open to reveal a misshapen, lumpy figure.
Steve stretches his legs out in front of him, wiggling his toes in the pool of sunlight coming in through the window. The sound of a thud brings his attention to the other side of the room, where Bucky has apparently given up on studying and looks ready for a long nap.
Steve spins around at the sound of his name. He sees Foggy cutting over the quad towards him, beaming brightly. He’s holding hands with a tall handsome guy wearing dark glasses, who Steve guesses must be Matt Murdock.
Tony hums happily to himself as he scribbles a measurement adjustment on his plans for the new Mark VIII, the sound of AC/DC pounding so loudly through the workshop that the floor is almost vibrating.
Wong explained the situation and everyone seemed confused at first. With that Tony felt better since he wasn't the only one who didn't make sense of what the magician was saying. However, like Tony, everyone promised to help Wong as they could. They would have to travel to Bara Bangal and fight against unknown forces to them. Tony looked at everyone in the room. They were discussing what they could do, how and when. Everyone was willing to give their best, seemed committed to this mission as if it was an act of redemption. Tony looked up and saw Steve staring at him. For a moment he couldn't look away until Bruce addressed him asking something. So they continued to discuss the matter for a couple of hours until everyone agreed.
The world, on the other hand, continued growing to the adversities of that new era. However, people had become more resilient, the impossible could be achieved together and with effort. The team had also grown a little more, the missions were still there, and certain battles were still being fought. But everyone recognized their lives were not marked by victories, but by the common good of living well, in peace.
Tony turned to look at him, and Steve's pride smile captivated him. "You deserve 1% of the credit, for the coffees," Tony joked.
Rhodey started laughing too, "Well, it was that or that one day you two would kill each other," he said explaining, "Preferably the first."
«Steve,» Bucky stood up in front of him. «You can live this life. You aren't stealing anyone future or love. You deserve to be happy, with
During dinner, they heard some lightning fall in the distance. It had started to rain. While they were eating, Tony noticed a strange sensation in his body. He felt somewhat anxious. Perhaps Rhodey's question had made him wake up too many hidden memories. When they finished eating, he and Rhodey went to the living room and Pepper stayed to prepare some ice cream for dessert. As Tony walked into the living room, he felt that sudden anxiety again. He truly didn't understand why he felt that way. He ran his hand over his chest. Rhodey sat on one of the sofas and suggested turning on the TV to see what they said about the weather forecast.
Tony opened his eyes, and it didn't help at all that Steve was so close. "I apologize too," Tony said with a tremor in his voice that nothing had to do with the fight that day.
Now it was Tony who stared at him without saying anything. He could feel Steve's heart pounding at his gaze. "You don't ask me how I found you."
"Here Sarah was working on one of my recycling projects and has offered to help me with the design I'm running now. So you got competition," Tony said very pleased, as he looked Steve in the eyes and sipped his whiskey.
"I don't talk to her," Tony said. "I could do it, but I don't. It would be like accepting she's not here."
. It was not easy to get rid of the memory of what had happened the night before. But he was there not to think, he just wanted to be calm, alone for a while. Reading a book could do with it. Half an hour later, Tony decided to go running.
Steve sighed. After a few seconds, it seemed he took strength and looked into his eyes. "I could feel your presence."
"It was a pleasure to help you. I am at your service for any other project you want," Sarah said gladly.
. Steve could not help the memory of him to come back to his mind. One more year since the last time he saw him. Steve had returned to Cambodia, but then one thing had led to another, and now he was working as a nurse in a hospital in Kathmandu.
Tony was entertained talking with Sarah about the recycling projects. What are the odds, he thought. The project she had started along with other colleagues was based on some ideas that Tony had also designed. An incredible coincidence he resumed one of those projects and was about to run it.
A few minutes passed, and Tony and Rhodey were still in their same positions. However, Tony no longer cried. He was only with his gaze lost in space, very still.
"Steve," Tony said with a sigh. He wanted to explain he loved him too, that he also didn't know since when he was in love with him. That he now understood why his heart could feel divided.
He remembered Pepper's words. In the dream, he was afraid and felt insecure. In reality, he could see himself walking towards the lake,
Tony took the shot, he thought about it a second. "Cheers," he told Thor and drank it. It was true, the drink wasn't that strong, he thought.
«Basically, we're going to fuck after every fight we have,» Tony said in a hoarse voice kissing him.
Tony felt a pressure in his chest that didn't seem to come from his own body. It was what Steve was feeling. Suddenly, he was also invaded by a deep but well-known sadness. One he felt was used to. Tony couldn't stop looking at him, but Steve didn't want to see him in the eyes.
... Tony couldn't stand this anymore. He took the glass in front of him and pressed it so hard to smash it against the wall, but instead he only managed to break it into his hands.
Tony got up and was in front of him. "Wait a second. I don't know what is going through that little head of yours, but you DIDN'T hurt me. We're barely, you know. We are still knowing us in this area and this kind of things, you know..." He couldn't finish the sentence when Steve took his hand with the bruises and the simple touch made him hiss. Steve inclined his head looking at him as if proving a point. "Now you caught me off guard, that doesn't count. Let me explain..."
They spent the rest of the morning discussing Tony's projects, and Steve offered to help him in whatever way he could. Tony liked being able to share with Steve that way. It felt good to know they were truly friends. He could feel like a storm had been very close to him, but now it seemed to slowly move away.
They were panting without moving. Steve had placed his head in Tony's neck. A few seconds passed, Steve pulled out and Tony was turning around. Both looked at each other closely. Their faces a few inches from the other while their breaths were returning to calm.
“I had a crush on Captain America when I was a kid. But the truth is, I fell in love with Steve Rogers a long time ago.”
Tony watches the soft delight bloom across Steve’s face and tries to pretend like his heart isn’t trying to beat right out of his chest. The words say everything he doesn’t yet know how to voice to Steve, and he doesn’t know if it’ll be too much when he finally does.
“As fun as it is watching Cap spontaneously combust while trying to turn invisible, I really don’t want to hear the end of that sentence. Bruce, you owe me twenty bucks.”
