SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
LESTRADE
Sherlock never came upon me in such a state.
“I had another idea, for my plan,” John said. “I want you to help me choose my heir. You’re so perceptive about things, and besides, I wouldn’t want to decide on anyone unless they had your approval.”
John, stirred by the many tumultuous feelings he had for this man, moved most of all by the need to comfort him, pulled his Sherlock close to him without thinking, and kissed him, tasting him deeply when William’s lips parted in surprise.
Gently, Sherlock’s hand moved down to clasp John’s own. It was so blatantly tender that John could hardly breathe. “John, I am not a man of little means…”
John hoped that William had misspoken. “You want me to leave?”
By the time John returned, King William had finished his bath, and towel-dried himself, leaving his hair so adorably tussled that John’s breath caught in his throat. John thought that in plain underwear, William would have seemed like a normal commoner, if not for his noble posture and examining eyes.
“Sherlock? You just overheard some people talk. That doesn’t seem so bad to me.”
It would have been difficult for Sherlock to think of a more monotonous and uninteresting task than cleaning every weapon kept in the storage room, but unfortunately, this was the chore that the servant had been saddled with.
WATSON (V.O.)
John stepped gingerly to the curtains and peeked outside. Unsurprisingly, His Highness had a beautiful view from his room. John could see the top of the castle walls and the rolling hills beyond. He could also see that the sun was fairly high in the sky, and that the rest of the people in the area were awake, going about their business.
By then, the sun was setting, and the sky was becoming darker. John had no fear of the forest at night, but he noticed that Sherlock stayed a little closer to him than before.
Startled, Sherlock stopped talking.
“Mycroft?”
“I may not be able to steer a horse, but I can at least feed it. I want to be useful.”
But still, Sherlock’s body took an age to relax, and the servant’s mind worked. The king had mentioned that he hadn’t had a child with his wife—was that it? Would a partner be worthy if they provided the king with a child?
LESTRADE
Under the devoted attention of his dear servant, John felt his end approaching quickly. It could not be prevented much longer when Sherlock started sucking on his master.
You heard it, certainly.
Taking a closer look at the pigment, John wasn’t sure what was so great about the painting, but if Sherlock liked it, then that was enough reason for John to like it, too.
It was probably not as fine as the king’s bed.
“Sherlock,” John said in a soft, reassuring tone, “it’ll be okay.”
SHERLOCK
“I knew you were a better writer than me,” he said, finally.
LESTRADE
“I don’t know, but… well, I’m sure we can think of something. Is there another option? Maybe just… not go to the underworld?”
Under the bright benevolence of the king’s smile, Sherlock faltered, though he persevered. “If it’s not too much trouble, sir. What you told me about fermentation from that book in the library was interesting. I’d like to know more about what they do there.”
Breathing roughly, the king muttered, “How did I ever think once could be enough? Oh, forgive me, Sherlock, you looked so lovely on that bed, oh, I never wanted to leave that room in the inn.”
WATSON
SHERLOCK
I could tell that he could go on like this for a while, so I spoke up. “What’s your first name, Jeeves?”
LESTRADE
All the inappropriate thoughts that John had ever had for Sherlock were rushing back to him. The nobleman’s soft manner had always been heart-warming, his focused energy electrifying. Though the gentle demeanour was nowhere to be found, and he was not wearing the scarf that John had grown accustomed to seeing around the tall man’s neck, William was no less magnificent to behold. He was refined and dominant, with something more passionate just beneath the surface.
Once he started crying less and calming down somewhat, Sherlock started humming with him. Only then did John remember where the tune was from. It was from the choir of monks, in the temple.
Still, he could see John’s handsome face; like nearly all Egyptians, John had lined his eyes with black pigment, though they were not more decorated than that; his skin was darker than Sherlock’s, reflecting time spent outside; his broad shoulders and arms showed that he was no stranger to physical exertion. It was his eyes that arrested Sherlock, though, as they seemed to be looking away, anxiously.
Why my brother selected you is beyond me.
“Oh, you like the place?”
SHERLOCK
“You’re so gorgeous, Sherlock.” Tenderly, the king breached his loyal servant.
much like Sherlock, then.
As a man who is blind would.
With a whisper as rough as a mountain’s edge, the king answered, “I crave it, Sherlock.”
Sherlock made a high-pitched keen filled with longing. “My master,” he whimpered, “my master…”
SHERLOCK
“You weren’t my master then,” John answered.
“Not a problem, sir,” he told the king.
It’s not like I hadn’t known any rich people before I got to know Bertie. I’ve met lots of posh people (some friendly, others, not so much) while working cases with Sherlock, and his own family doesn’t seem to be short of money. However, I expect something different from my mates, the everyday blokes who aren’t clients or criminals or named Holmes. If I’m passing the time with a pal, that usually means I’m grabbing a drink in a regular pub or having a chat in a regular flat. So you can imagine how odd it felt for me to head right into Berkeley Mansions just to see a friend.
“I’ve got a lot of experience in battle. I’ve handled horses all my life, though.” That was common enough for nobility, Sherlock supposed. “Now, listen, this part is important. When you give a horse a command, it can only have one meaning. Horses don’t really understand words the way we do. They’re not so good at things like tone or context, but they know sounds. So there’s one sound for one purpose. That’s the rule. You can’t say the same thing to tell the horse to stop that you would tell it to slow down. That’s why it’s
Overwhelmed by bliss, Sherlock struggled to speak steadily. “Is this w-what he did to her, sir?”
“Forgive me, John, I’m sorry, I have no right to order you in that way. Oh, blast it all, I said I was sorry, I am not supposed to say that,” William muttered. It sounded more like he was speaking to himself.
“Oh, uh, King William,” John corrected himself. “You, um, asked me to stay with you, earlier. Could I stay?”
“Hmm?”
SHERLOCK
He was gratified by John’s awed gaze. “It’s beautiful,” he said. The intricate designs had taken some time to craft. It had been marvellous to exert his focus into the task, as he rarely had the opportunity to simply sit and carve. “Incredible, m’lord.”
“Oh, no.” Reluctant but steadfast, John pulled his hand away from Sherlock’s, ignoring the regret he felt when Sherlock frowned with disappointment. More than once, John had feared that Sherlock would offer him charity. “I don’t need your aid, I assure you.”
“I want to be your maid, sir,” Sherlock whispered. He was terrified at the prospect of leaving the king’s employ, for surely, if that did ever happen, it would be because his master tired of him, not because of any wish on Sherlock’s part. “I want to serve you.”
“I want
John had thought more about the idea that had come to him, an idea that might solve his problems, and he wanted to discuss his plans with Sherlock. However, there was some chance that the people behind them would overhear something—even now, John could hear some chatter from the caravan just behind them, not that he cared what was being said—and that could be disastrous.
LESTRADE
“What’s wrong? Don’t you like the plan, Sherlock?”
“And you are the most enchanting creature my bed could ever have known,” John said, before Sherlock could doubt himself. Though he grew surer of himself over time, the servant was still sometimes beset by such doubts.
Am I doing it right?
“I admit that I had heard of you conversing with him, but,” William was quick to add, “a woman with a lying-in room is a woman of nobility, and it seemed doubtful that you would personally know any such women. The priest meets with all sorts of company and is in the best position to bring you where you are needed.”
After a murmur of thanks from Sherlock, the servant lifted one of the jugs, titled his head back, and drank. He closed his eyes and moaned blissfully as he tasted the drink. With one easy swallow after another, Sherlock downed the liquid in the jug, clearly savouring ever drop.
“That’s right. Why might I have a mixture of rosemary and thyme?”
Sherlock could not resist humming for a short while when they left the chorus, and King John mercifully allowed him to. The servant could have sworn that he even saw a smile on his master’s face, though the king did not hum with him.
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
Once more, Jeeves hesitated before answering the question. “I confess that I would like to address Mr. Wooster in that way.” There was a short buoyant hum from Bertie at this. “But I find myself unable to. I fear I cannot explain it better than to say that it feels unnatural.” His eyebrows moved a little in a kind of apologetic way. I don’t mean that he wasn’t very apologetic—I’d come to see that he barely expresses anything, so actually he must’ve been feeling it hard.
This calmness did not extend to Sherlock, however. It was easy for John to see that his servant was nervous. Sitting upright on the bed, in his usual tunic and breeches, Sherlock was clearly stiff and tense. It was understandable that he would be nervous. Without a doubt, the inexperienced servant had never done anything like this before.
Thank you. That was a perfectly calm and coherent argument; even if was completely ludicrous and incorrect. I did have a plan for Doctor Watson, but it failed horribly.
Sherlock wasn’t looking back at the merchants. He was looking forward at the road ahead, to the world outside of the only place he had ever known. Once they had left the town, they would be in a land that was completely unknown to Sherlock. He would only have King John’s guidance to rely upon.
Despite Sherlock’s own annoyance at needing to be taught something so basic, he couldn’t resist one more jab at his amusingly embarrassed brother. “So when you said that Lestrade is the one who—”
The king shook his head. “God help me…”
John had to close his eyes when he pictured Sherlock moaning and trying to steady himself against the sturdy tree, caught between the tough bark and the unyielding body of the man who was holding him there. John’s ache would be hard inside Sherlock, and his arms would be just as rigid as they supported Sherlock’s slight frame.
A couple of men employed by the castle came to escort their carriage through the walls and into the regal space, and afterward, to lead John and Father Lestrade into the elegant rooms. John stared at every plush sofa and polished mantle, astounded by the luxury that nobles lived in.
“Ah. Would you help me in?” William smiled, but it seemed to John to be more of a kingly, social smile, which he actually didn’t often see on William’s face. “That is not so far outside of your duties.”
WATSON
“We can’t live forever,” Sherlock said quietly.
As I said, I do well enough on my own.
But that didn’t fit the facts, either. He was wearing a professional-looking suit, and he was impeccably polite and respectful as he stepped to the side and welcomed me in with a calm voice.
John bristled in place, but he kept his mouth shut.
Though Sherlock was embarrassed to be unclothed under the attractive body of his master, the reverent way in which the king looked at him gave Sherlock the encouragement he needed.
His thoughts were taking a fond and hopeful turn until a familiar figure entered the fray, striding comfortably with an umbrella. Taking care for subtlety as Sherlock did, Mycroft dressed in a doublet and trousers of a relatively understated quality. He appeared to look casually around the tavern, though Sherlock was certain Mycroft had seen everything instantly. He knew exactly where Sherlock was, and he was taking his time. In the presence of a man he had not seen in many months, in a guise he had not observed in many years, Sherlock suddenly felt more than a little uncertain. He dared to imagine that he was not the only one who was nervous.
They sat together like that for a long time, before ultimately continuing on their journey, King John at the reins, and his servant leaning on him at his side.
“Of course,” Sherlock continued hastily, “it may be removed, if you wish.”
Driven to heights of love and depths of lust, John growled, and not another moment passed before he had Sherlock between his lips again, and sucked him intently.
“It’s all right, Sherlock. It was insensitive of me to assume that you could read.” The king turned the tome in his hands around, perhaps more aware than he had been before of his power to understand it. “I can read it to you.”
MYCROFT
“Huh?”
suggest that you show him the same respect. Are you unaware of how to comport yourself around noblemen?”
“I’ve been in love with you for a long time.” Despite the presence of a force more bereft than amusement in his voice, Sherlock chuckled. “It was very bad of me, to sit in a holy house with a dear friend who meant more to me than holiness would allow.”
“Are you nervous, John?” Sherlock asked. He was dressed in the most formal trappings of a king, ready to be committed to his love for life.
“We have enough time to lie here a bit longer,” John said, enjoying perhaps too much how it felt to have Sherlock in his bed.
A blow of regret fell upon Sherlock. It was a horrible misdeed to have been so presumptuous about the king’s feelings. It seemed unthinkable to him that King John wouldn’t find excitement in the challenge of the tournament, but he should have known not to make assumptions, especially about a king whose life must have been filled with all sorts of better adventures.
What do you think, Inspector?
With a beautiful, resounding sigh, John sank back. He seemed to feel guilty for it, however, and sat more upright, even if he did hide his chin in the water. “It feels nice, m’lord.”
“I suppose the subject matter was different when we were younger.”
His disinterest has been made all too clear.
John’s heart was beating faster. “Yes, m’lord…”
John smiled sheepishly. His lord was very kind to him. “Thank you, sir.” He could take a few more moments to let the toy remind him of someone he had been able to help. “I’ll put him away in a moment.”
“Oh, Jeeves,” Bertie murmured, close to tears. “Then open up a bit, why don’t you?”
Shocked, John felt as if he could no longer draw breath. He had forgotten about his letter for Sherlock.
Like Sherlock, John was not particularly happy that the journey was almost finished. It had been a great pleasure to visit interesting places with Sherlock. John had seen it all before; despite that, he felt like he had seen it all for the first time.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock would never become accustomed to the blossoming warmth that John instilled in his heart. “Do you know that I love you as you are, John?” He carefully started to push into John.
Please.
“Father Lestrade?” John had seen the priest in the tavern many times, offering friendly advice to the townsfolk, though usually at an earlier hour. “This is awfully late for you, isn’t it?”
“Who…?” There was one person Sherlock had recently learned spent much time with Mycroft. “It couldn’t possibly be…?”
To be honest… I’ve never met him in person. He seems like… an interesting sort. I’m sorry, Holmes, this is all rather embarrassing. It was presumptuous of me to come here.
“Was it a good idea for us to be married, John?”
“I’m sure you’ll act the same around the baby your lover is carrying.”
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“That’s about the size of it. It wouldn’t be right. How awful it would be if he felt he needed to feign affection for me or agree to a date for the sake of his salary! Probably, though, he’d hand in his notice, and I’d never see him again. I’m sure he would never be interested in someone like me. He’s very clever, and handsome, and so charming.”
Confused, Sherlock nodded nonetheless. There were many questions he wanted to ask, but he was not sure if any of them were allowed to be asked. “Of course, sir,” he murmured.
“But would you want to leave, if you could? You could find something better, somewhere you’d be appreciated like you should be.”
“I do trust you.” Sherlock looked at one of his own bound hands. “But it’s hard to think someone could want me so much…”
“Sir…”
“Sir.” Sherlock sighed. He could not deny his king. “I wish things were not so complex between the two of us. I don’t know how to think of you, or myself. I don’t know if it’s all right for me to be in your arms like this.” His voice dropped to a whisper. “But I enjoy it so much, sir.”
Interested, and suspicious, John leaned on the bar next to the priest. “Why in the world would he do that? His Highness shouldn’t know that I exist.”
“I see,” Lestrade said. Apologetically, he turned to the newcomer to the castle. “I’m sorry, John. I’d hoped to introduce you to him…”
Reaching for some of his clothes, John said, “I love you, Sherlock. I won’t be able to say it very often outside of this caravan, so I want you to remember that.”
Love ought to be celebrated.
Though he could never move to a higher station in life, Sherlock could have at least done better to serve his masters. As a result of his inadequacy, he had even less freedom now than he ever did. He was always at the mercy of employers in enough need of another servant for a while. Sherlock would never be worthy of living securely in the service of a great master who wished to keep him, in some exciting place far away from here.
“Your voice is the most elegant sound I’ve ever heard.” John began to pump Sherlock’s silky length.
The ride was a long one. The priest sat across from him in the small carriage, telling John about life in King Holloway’s castle, but the peasant could not really listen to the words when he was still trying to let go of Sherlock. Part of John hoped that Sherlock did not care about John after all, so that the gentleman would not read the letter’s pathetic sentimentality and rudimentary handwriting—John would never have learned to read or write at all if he hadn’t needed to record potion ingredients, and besides, he didn’t have a way with words like the eloquent nobleman did.
Terrified that this was the sound of disappointment, Sherlock felt as if the world were crushing him. “That was presumptuous of me. I h-hope I haven’t offended you,” he said, his voice starting to break from remorse. “I would be grateful if you would allow me to remain your maid, sir.”
“The idea is not an unpleasant one,” Jeeves said, “but I must find a way to overcome my old instincts, sir.”
Whether or not the king was ready to accept it, there soon came the day when they reached the gates of the city that John hailed from.
“Would you like to read this one?”
WATSON
I think not. It is a delicate matter. I will not discuss it with anyone but Mr. Holmes.
“You do give me everything I want, Sherlock.”
“Oh, um, yes, at once, sir.” As he said, Sherlock immediately started to undress himself, but quickly, his hands began fidgeting, and the garments would not give under his nervous efforts.
“I think it’s time we called a carriage, it’s getting late.” Mycroft hurriedly walked to the street to find their transportation. Sherlock followed, laughing at their ridiculous attempt at a brotherly talk.
Is that something you might want to do with me, Mycroft?
For good reason.
Sherlock finished the drink, and licked his lips as he set down the jug. “Oh, I didn’t mean to finish the whole thing. Is that all right, sir?”
I suppose I will be, won’t I.
“If you actually like Bertie, then why not give it a chance?”
SHERLOCK
“I’m going to do extra well in the training ring, just for you. I want to be the warrior who pleases you best. So if ever you think one of those strapping young soldiers becomes more interesting than me, please let me know.” John leaned in closer, not past the bounds of propriety, but nearly at the edge, and saw a little shudder in his dear servant. “At least give me the chance to outshine whatever devil tries to impress you. Can you do that for me?”
SHERLOCK
John rolled up, looking nice and clean, not as formally dressed as Jeeves or myself, but not at all outside the range of the restaurant’s patrons. He found his place across from self, right of Jeeves.
John was not meant to rely on another, to need someone so badly. With William, at least, he could tell himself that he was only serving his master, and he could keep some part of his heart from giving in to false hopes. Now, John was faced with a terrible reality, that he needed Sherlock desperately. “I don’t think you’re wrong.”
“I’m not going to sire any children. Instead,” John proclaimed, “I’m going to will the throne to someone based on their merit. I’ll find someone who is capable of ruling the kingdom.”
WATSON
SHERLOCK
“Lestrade said he would assist us?” The answer was obvious, but Sherlock needed to hear it.
When they walked through a storage room for weapons, a wave of nostalgia halted John in his tracks. He fancied that a similar feeling overcame his servant, who stopped to look at the king, rather than the interesting armaments.
Yes, certainly.
Sherlock’s world filled with stars; he must have made some indecent manner of noise, and yet all he could hear was the strong, rough voice of his husband, coaxing his soul through bliss as John continued to satisfy Sherlock’s body with his own.
SHERLOCK
John could not resist leaning in and kissing his servant just then. They took their time, and shared a few more, lighter kisses.
MYCROFT
John held him more tightly. “Sherlock.”
“Oh, well, I’ve helped him with clothes in the past,” Father Lestrade said, “but it isn’t really true that I have a sense for fashion. I can trust you, can’t I, John? Please don’t tell His Highness, but I merely passed on what someone else told me.”
“Sir?” John murmured.
“No, I have. I should have known that I…” The king started moving away from him. “I have a man’s needs.”
At that moment, Sherlock decided that he would provide this great man with an heir.
MYCROFT
John did the best he could for King William. When the enchanting man spent himself, John supported him, cleaning him as thoroughly as before.
Lestrade returns his feelings of course, but dear brother is still worried that Lestrade will refuse him. All because of pigment that I cannot even see.
WATSON
In times past, the king had thought he wasn’t meant for a happy life. Even before his marriage had shattered, he had never been really content. His queen, a lady with a noble lineage, had been a socially appropriate match, yet the two of them had not been well suited to each other. There were times when John considered that he had failed to make the relationship work, but he was certain now that there had been no chance of that.
“Oh, Sherlock.” Reaching for Sherlock’s shoulder, John caressed him there, which relaxed Sherlock somewhat. “Like I said, I love you. You’re so beautiful, and brilliant, and I know I would want to be with you again.”
That is my business, after all.
“Yes, oh, o-oh, my darling John…” William was becoming less coherent, but he still sounded so refined, so forceful somehow. John treasured every breath he made. “Is it… oh, yes, y-yes… really you…?”
detective. I assist the public when they are in need of confidential assistance, and I also aid the police when they are out of their depth.
“Today I cleaned your brother’s dressing room.” John seemed to dither about whether or not he should say more. “I, um, I was going to do his laundry, and I found lady’s garments among his dirty clothes. It was sort of hidden, too.”
John certainly did understand. Understanding had hit him suddenly like a gust of wind. He kneeled down, leaned on the side of the bath, and took a deep breath, summoning all his courage. “I want you to know that I’m your loyal servant, Sherlock.”
Is that all! Really, Holmes you did not know?
“Oh, nothing sir.”
I hadn’t thought that I was so obvious about it, but I suppose I was wrong. “Do you want to see something ridiculous?” I asked him.
Had he ever, really?
“Until you’re dismissed,” Father Lestrade replied.
He was finished in the dreary hours that could have been morning or night, and though he was tired, he did not feel like sleeping. John went to a public house instead, one for the working folk that would be open for hours longer.
“Oh, yes, yes!”
John nodded. He had been warned about that. “This William, is he a demanding sort?”
John is a proper friend, there’s no denying that, and I always look forward to seeing him in the café. I’m a great admirer of his blog—I’ve always been a fan of a good mystery, and his pal Sherlock ploughs through them in droves—but it wasn’t just that, you know. John had long been a sympathetic ear while I’d pined, knowingly and unknowingly, for Jeeves, and always he was a treasure when it came to giving me advice for my own blog.
I think that—My God.
“No, sir. It was fine. Thank you. But, well…” His boots were now off completely, as were his socks, but it was easier to continue looking at the floor. “I missed you, sir.”
“Oh? Well there’s always darling, dearest, dear ray of sunshine, sweet beloved…”
Sherlock held the violin up, and experimentally drew the bow over one of the strings. Slowly, he began to play with more confidence, and to produce cleaner notes.
I certainly didn’t need a favour. If anything, Bertie and Jeeves had already done something incredible for me. Even if there was no certainty that their relationship would work out, they were at least willing to try, and neither of them would spend their days imagining what they could have had together. There was no telling whether Sherlock would ever return my feelings or not, of course, but there was a chance.
Hope truly was in the air in that grove. The king was hoping that he could find an heir through a tournament, and he was sure that Sherlock shared in that hope. John was going against tradition with his plan, and in the end, success would depend on whether or not he had the support of his people.
Too easy. There must be more to it than that.
Their convoy had stopped for a rest, and their caravan was at a distance from the others, so that they had some privacy. That helped ease Sherlock’s nervousness a little bit, but he was still frightened of the horse.
I understood him perfectly now. Solemnly, I nodded. “I see what you mean. It’s not on to have feelings for someone who works for you. You can’t do anything.”
“Oh, sorry,” Sherlock whispered, dropping his eyes to the floor, to the sword he had dropped once again. He felt himself flush from the embarrassment of being so clumsy in front of this man.
LESTRADE
“You mean, in different recipes?”
“I want to come in you,” John said in a low tone, thrusting in a steady rhythm, “I want to fill you, I want you to be mine.”
“Easy, Sherlock.” Though Sherlock intimately felt the burning need of his master, King John stayed still. He continued to rub circles, which was a strangely relaxing gesture. “There’s no rush.”
“Sh, John. Would you like me to touch you?”
“What do you need, sir?” Sherlock asked instantly, unable to think of anything but serving his master.
“He longed to take her deeply,” he whispered. “He put her on her elbows and knees, and he entered her, again and again.” King John’s musky scent seemed stronger now. “He made his beloved scream with pleasure.”
WATSON (V.O.)
Lestrade must have noticed, because his hands rose in supplication. “Look, I know your brother is a sore subject for you, but I must speak to you about him.”
“They trusted each other with secrets that only friends would share.” A touch of nostalgia brightened William’s face. “Sherlock did foolish things, you know. He had legitimate creations, of course, but he also carved questionable tools—lock picks, and copies of keys, for instance. Poles for accessing what had intentionally been put beyond his reach. He never did manage to escape the castle of boredom on his own,” William admitted, “but then Mycroft was there, with a coat and hat of his own making, for Sherlock. A disguise for blending in with the merchants. He told me,” the nobleman’s voice caught for a moment, “he told me to gather all the clues I could find about what the villagers were up to, and to report back to him. Oh, I was so excited, John!”
LESTRADE
Mycroft… hide!
LESTRADE
“I suppose you’ll do well.” King John smiled approvingly, and it made Sherlock blush even more. “Let me show you my caravan.”
Nodding, Sherlock touched John’s trousers. “I liked what we did at the fortress, sir,” he murmured. “Maybe when I get good at taking you like this, you can tie me up while I do it? You could satisfy yourself with my mouth while I’m bound for you.”
“Damn, you feel so good.” It was incredible when John thrust into Sherlock again, and then another time. His husband—how wonderful, that John was now his husband!—had used oil very thoroughly in preparing Sherlock, so every movement was easy and exhilarating.
WATSON
Mycroft touched the handle of his mug. “Lestrade’s new cross. It has a charming design.”
Undoubtedly.
“Nothing, nothing, only let me know what pleases you best.”
WATSON (V.O.)
The king looked at him with interest. “You know me?”
“The clasp in the front can be tricky,” one of the men said. It startled William, because it was his brother’s voice, and yet it was speaking in the gentle, unassuming way that William had not heard in a long time. “Try not to snag anything in it.”
Before Sherlock could pick up the weapon, however, the king was doing it for him.
Isn’t it obvious? Absurdly simple?
John fancied that Sherlock was hiding a blush as he leaned closer to the tree. It was a shame not to see the beautiful rosiness that came to Sherlock’s cheeks when he was shy.
SHERLOCK
“No, I don’t.” John didn’t want to give his self-conscious servant a chance to argue this point. At once, he took Sherlock in an embrace, and his servant sighed comfortably in return.
“Well, for one thing, why is he in your house making you coffee and fixing your clothes? Is he working right now? I thought a PA filed things in offices and picked up takeaway.”
“That sounds good to me,” John said. “You two see to the music.”
He owed John so much. That kind man had once been a charming memory that had provided no small measure of comfort to William over the years. He had thought of John often, remembering the stories that his healer had shared with him while his father granted yet another distinction to Lord Montgomery, and more recently, when the burdens of directing a kingdom soured William’s mood.
“What was that about newts?” I asked.
He was surprised to see a great deal of hesitance in John’s nod. Saying nothing, John wiped down the shelf thoroughly.
“He made her his own where gods would see, so even they would know that she was his.” He gripped the edge of Sherlock’s tunic, and removed it from the servant’s pliant body. “I never understood how a man could have such feelings, until I met you.”
Please, calm yourself, dear brother.
LESTRADE
Holmes!
SHERLOCK
“I wish you had chosen a place with better music,” Sherlock muttered to John.
King John was silent. Sherlock knew that his master was wise with the experience of an esteemed king who had seen and done much, but perhaps even he did not know what was right, either.
The king shook his head. “I was in need of a servant, anyway. Oh, speaking of which… there’s something you should know, Sherlock.”
Propping himself up with arms at either side of Sherlock’s face, John moved down, and kissed him. He meant to keep it mild and light, though he quickly deepened the kiss when Sherlock groaned blissfully. The servant’s soft lips were completely pliant and willing, which only added fuel to the flames of John’s yearning to possess his pretty maid.
Abruptly, John opened his eyes again, clenching his fists in his struggle not to give himself away with any vulgar noises. He leaned slightly so that his expensive tunic would be put to the disgraceful use of covering the bulging evidence left by his indecent thoughts. It was tremendously fortunate that Sherlock, who was often very perceptive, was too absorbed with the press to notice how distracted John had just been.
Sherlock could not be the king’s spouse, but he would never stop learning how to be a better servant for his master. He would keep the caravan clean, he would make the king’s weapons shine, and he was certain that he could learn to help with the horses in some way, even if he merely cleaned them or fed them. He could learn how to see better to the king’s physical needs, cherishing each lesson of that kind taught to him by the king himself.
WATSON
At least I wouldn’t wonder any longer.
Taking a ride up the spotless lift three levels up, and then a few steps down a brightly lit hallway, I came to the door of 3A. The fact that the next door on that side of the hallway seemed miles away suggested he had a big place, though I’d already guessed that much.
John, his dear John, the person who loved Sherlock for who he was, who valued him for all his strengths and his shortcomings, was kneeling behind him. Like Sherlock, John was not wearing any clothes. He was steadier than Sherlock, however, probably because he was a man of fortitude and self-control. With small, even strokes of his oiled fingers, he prepared Sherlock gradually.
John asked with concern, “What’s going on, Father?”
Not once turning back to face him, William continued to the bathroom, and began running water to the bath, leaving the door open.
SHERLOCK
“Hmm? Oh,” Father Lestrade said, noticeably dazed, “only the Lord ever knows what he’s actually up to. Now, we have a wedding to get to, don’t we? It’s time we get moving.”
“No, not right now.”
“Ah! You think I’m old-fashioned, do you? Just wait ‘til you have a few more words with Jeeves. He can’t get out more than a sentence or two without some input from ye olde fifteenth-century poets, and philosophers who tottered around before the wheel was invented. Not to mention the old statute of his that he goes by his surname, while lots of people get away with calling their PAs by their first names. Next to him, I’m a vision of the future.”
This formality between them was more confusing than ever to me. It was clear from the Jeeves’s fond “sir” and Bertie’s wistful smile that the feelings between them hadn’t been given up on the first date, but I couldn’t tell whether they were dating or not.
Well of course it is obvious, when I elucidate it for you. No doubt you will find this just as obvious: You are holding a cane.
“Shh, Relax,” the king said calmly. “I have you.”
Is that so? I thought you wanted to stay by yourself, Holmes?
SHERLOCK
“Oh, Sherlock,” John murmured. “I want you so bad.”
WATSON
It seemed to me like he was exaggerating. I said to Bertie, “That’s all silly, right?”
“You, not any good?” The idea was so absurd to Sherlock that he snorted in disbelief. “Not possible! John, you’re the one I want. It’s just us here, it’s just us. I don’t care what you are, and it doesn’t matter what I am. You fill my heart and you fill my mind, so please fill the rest of me too!” Shaking, Sherlock urged, “I need you, John!”
“Yes, but I wanted to do that. You don’t owe me anything. Oh, you can… just sit there and look pretty for me… my pretty servant…” Touching himself over his clothes wasn’t what he truly wanted, but it could be enough, if Sherlock stayed there.
John chuckled to himself. “Is he the one who told you not to call a priest Father?”
“What ho, Jeeves!” I spurted when I came close, in place of the suave greeting I’d been aiming for.
“I shouldn’t mean it.” Tilting Sherlock’s head just slightly, the king seemed to hesitate. “It’s not right.”
Sherlock flushed with shame. “Um, no, sir.”
Good heavens.
SHERLOCK
But I am not.
John shuddered, and the reaction was not caused by a pleasant sensation this time. “No, I don’t want that.”
Too late, it occurred to Sherlock how inappropriately he had just acted. To cry his king’s name, with a voice thick with lust, without even bothering to add the king’s title, was possibly the least appropriate thing Sherlock could have possibly done.
“Oh.” Having been caught up in thoughts of Sherlock, John hadn’t considered that. He looked around at the trees and shrubs on the sides of the road, and indeed, they seemed familiar. “I hadn’t even noticed. Right, this forest does lie within my domain. I’ve been through here many times. Funny that I didn’t notice,” John commented, flashing a smile at his servant. “Well, I might be a little distracted, with you on my arm like this.”
The servant looked so vulnerable, shaking on the caravan bed and brought to tears. It was impossible for John to think of anything but being as caring and attentive as he could be for Sherlock. He started stroking Sherlock, firmly and steadily.
“Do you seriously think I would yell at John? Now let me go at once.”
John’s effects, and the simple items that Sherlock owned, were brought from the royal caravan to their rooms. It had not been very difficult for the king to move Sherlock’s things into the royal bedroom. He did this himself, in part because he did not want the other servants speculating about what Sherlock meant to the king, though he was also not keen on letting other people touch Sherlock’s belongings. John supposed that he was not always rational, where Sherlock was concerned.
seemed to Sherlock to be an entirely insufficient word to describe the command with which the king made the weapon his own. A lance held in King John’s hand had no choice but to strike just as the king wished.
MYCROFT
“Sherlock.” John’s entire being, from his body down to his soul, ached to enter Sherlock, and to feel Sherlock’s tight, hot entrance around him while he gratified his servant. It was exquisite to anticipate making love to Sherlock so completely, and for so long, that Sherlock could never again doubt how desired he was.
“Oh.” This wasn’t the first John had heard of a man who did not see anyone. “Is it Prince Montgomery?”
It was possible that the king enjoyed music, despite that. Being of a sophisticated class, he probably did, but naturally, he would not discuss music with any seriousness with Sherlock. The music of nobles and the educated, which was refined and sophisticated, and relied on hours of study and expensive instruments, was not meant for people low in status and importance.
Smoothly, without taking his piercing gaze off the shorter man, Sherlock reached around John and grasped the long string there, pulling it to the side and opening the curtains. The room was now clearly lit, and after his eyes blinked to adjust, John was faced with the undeniable truth that it was Sherlock standing close to him—Sherlock, the unconventional gentleman who had kept him company in the church, wearing a sleeping gown of royal silk and living in this grand bedroom.
“Maybe we should say sorry to Lord Mycroft,” John said.
SHERLOCK
What a question!
“Well, Sherlock! I’ll be blown,” I said, cheerfully marching up to the fellow. “Are you here with John?”
“Oh, it feels good, sir... Like I’m vulnerable for you, but safe with you…”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Mycroft has business on my wedding day?”
WATSON (V.O.)
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
the worst,” Sherlock groaned.
“Sherlock,” John said softly. “It’s okay.”
Surely you know that I play the game for the game’s own sake… and perhaps a small reward. I’ll need to borrow this.
Things didn’t work out exactly as I predicted.
WATSON (V.O.)
“Did you, really?”
With John’s help, Sherlock was able to undo the fastening of the king’s trousers. John heard his servant speak, though he was speaking very quietly under his breath. “Maybe this time, I’ll bear your child, God willing.”
It was very wrong to let the gentleman sniff his shoes in this manner. “Um, Sherlock…”
SHERLOCK
Still leaning into the chest, Sherlock nonetheless replied. “Are you going to ask them about your plan? About hosting a tournament to find someone worthy as an heir?”
Right now, they had each other. He could only hope that Sherlock was telling the truth when he said that he never wanted to leave the king’s service. John was starting to think that he would never be able to give up Sherlock—this devoted servant, who had generously seen to one of the king’s needs, who had asked for nothing in return.
MYCROFT
I understand too well to forget.
“In only a few days?” Sherlock asked.
This earned an interested eyebrow from John, who never looked at Jeeves the same way again; though in every other respect, John seemed fast becoming impatient with this back-and-forth.
He felt a bit of a jolt from his servant, but John knew that Sherlock became jumpy at times and didn’t think too much about it; he was able to soothe Sherlock with his hands sliding over Sherlock’s chest, which made Sherlock relax and smile again.
That toy was very important to John. He picked it up and placed it on the table, tipping it forward and back with a nostalgic smile. “There’s something about wood,” he said, mostly to himself, but it was nice to think that William might be interested in his thoughts. “It endures after so long.”
I took another long glance at the man. I had to wonder, why did he care? There was no way Sherlock sent him, but maybe he was one of Mycroft’s people, here to spy on me. Or could he be a reporter with nothing else to do on a slow news day? Or worse, he could have come on behalf of one of Sherlock’s enemies.
“Oh,” Sherlock murmured, pleased. The trowel was handed to the king. “Your chivalry is commendable.”
Yes, but… he is very ill, I’m afraid.
You don’t have to bend the truth, Watson. I know why you live with me. To look after a defenceless, disabled client.
“Very much, sir,” Sherlock answered, enthusiastically.
This seemed to only encourage the king. “I’ll keep you safe, Sherlock. You’re so gentle. I saw that right away about you. It’s not something I often see in people. But I know you’re a gentle soul, and I’ll protect you. Besides, there’s a reason we’re in a convoy. Merchants often travel this way. There’s safety in numbers. So you don’t have to be scared, all right?”
“N-No?”
“What did he do with her?” he asked.
It stirred Sherlock’s heart in ways he had never known before this man to see John’s eyes so downcast. “I shouldn’t have come here. If I had known you were the king I would never have come here.”
So… I take it you weren’t arrested?
At Sherlock’s sudden remark, John looked ahead as well, and instantly saw what must have interested his servant. There was a short wall made of stone pieces, nearly hidden by some overgrown bushes. The wall was evidently old and worn, but it could be seen stretching on for some distance, with only one or two complete breaks. From where they stood, John could tell that there was some kind of clearing behind the low wall, past a few more trees.
“The caravan,” the king answered tersely. He did not explain any further. Sherlock supposed that he had perhaps forgotten something in the caravan, or merely wished to check on it.
There was a brief hesitation, but it did not last long under the king’s steady hand. “Oh, J-John…”
“Well sir, a king can’t love a servant.” Leaning just slightly away, Sherlock murmured, “After all, that’s why you couldn’t have meant what you said in the fortress.”
Clearly the inspector takes no issue with such matters. I wonder, Watson, if you might… wish to hold me, sometime?
“Yes. I usually cook for myself.”
“Far from it. Do you see how much I can accomplish, forgotten as I am by the public? I have had the time to cultivate my networks. I’ve made deals I could never have made before.” He crossed his arms with pride. “I now control more of this country than you do, Your Majesty. Not that I couldn’t manipulate you if I needed to.”
With his arms now forced apart, and his hands bound to two corners of the bed, Sherlock, naked, trembling, and blushing like a rose in spring, was exposed before the king. The servant’s gentle eyes met the king’s for a moment, and then Sherlock looked away, his legs twitching timidly. Those elegant legs were slender, like Sherlock’s arms, not built for combat like John’s limbs, but for something tender and graceful, like dancing.
He bent his knees to study a pink flower. Its bright colour and soft appearance drew Sherlock’s attention instantly. He reached out to touch it, and took a whiff of its light scent, which gently floated through the fresh air. Drawing the tip of his finger down one of its petals, he hummed with interest.
“Aye, but he is very busy, you know, running the country and all. He sends his regrets, but he will not be able to meet John this hour. I’m here to show John where he will be sleeping.”
It pained Sherlock that he had often been kept away from John in the past, but all kingly duties had been firmly set aside for the sake of this special day. “I’m right here, John, I’m not going anywhere, I’m right here and I will stay here all night.”
“Oh, John!” Sherlock cried, clutching the bed under him. Really, how could John ever doubt he was good enough? “John, just there!”
Sherlock did not expect the sentiment he felt as he recalled the priest’s words. “Love is sacred.”
The king actually seemed surprised. “You might not want that, Sherlock… I’m not the easiest master to serve. A king has a lot of things that need taking care of. The work could be demanding.”
“It was John’s idea,” Sherlock said. “Has John told you why I asked you here?”
“Oh,” John sighed. “Like that… Go slowly, m’lord.”
SHERLOCK
“At least it’s nice to know your own feelings, isn’t it? And to have someone to talk to. At least, I know I appreciate it. I never talked to anyone about Sherlock, except you. I was afraid to talk to anyone I know. I didn’t want them telling him, or even hinting at it, since he’d figure them out.”
“Well, I’m still thinking about it, but… I thought I might gain the peoples’ support if I, well…” John smirked. “I thought it could be decided by a tournament.”
SHERLOCK
The jousting competition was the last part of the tournament. It was fitting to end the event on a sport that most demonstrated the courage and skill of the knights and members of royalty in the contest. Warriors in full plate armour, each equipped with a lance and shield, faced each other in honourable combat on horses.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“Yes?” The priest was interested, unbothered by the king’s monotone. Only Lestrade could question William so thoroughly and not worry about his place in the castle.
“Well, sir, John told me you were looking for me today,” Lestrade began earnestly. The stark politeness of the hallway had given way to a much more personable priest. “To give me this cross—thank you, by the way, truly.”
MYCROFT
Sherlock certainly made John’s life interesting. It was a novel experience to show a servant the wonders of the world. They had long ceased to be wonders to John, who had seen and done many things in his reign as king, but they became wonders again when Sherlock was next to him, excitedly examining every little thing he was not familiar with.
Indeed, Sherlock was amazed by the many different styles of art present at the festival. He gazed at lifelike statues, studied distinctive pieces of ceramics, and even asked John if they might watch one or two of the dramatic performances being put on by various poets, actors and dancers at the event. John was more than happy to agree to this, and easily acquired excellent spots for the two of them in every audience, being an esteemed king who desired to keep a dependable servant close at hand.
Sherlock leaned back, befuddled. “Was it a single gown? It might have ended up there by mistake.”
The solitary sheets under John were too lonely for him. It seemed like a place better suited for pining than for sleep. With a silent frown, John chastised himself for how terribly dependent he must have grown on William if he could not manage to lie alone. John stood up from the bed to look through his chest of belongings, seeking out his toy wooden horse. Holding it to his chest, he climbed back onto his bed, and lied down once more.
In any case, I believe you were raising an issue regarding your new flatmate. If you would, calmly, explain?
Bertie answered, “I’m fine with my coffee, thanks.”
I won’t be gone long.
“Perfectly,” William replied.
Sherlock was deeply flattered, as well as flustered, and uncertain of what to do when given this kind of attention, especially from King John. He swallowed when the king grasped his wrist. King John was shaking from self-restraint.
William’s hand snapped out, latching onto John’s. “I think,” he muttered tersely, “I can finish myself.”
Sherlock nudged closer, and carefully leaned on John’s shoulder, slowly resting his weight on the king’s arm.
LESTRADE
Sturdy arms, thick neck, strong shoulders… do people take you to be my partner, Watson, or my bodyguard?
Yes, on many occasions, in fact. He enjoys your letters greatly. Though he was rather distressed by the most recent one.
Placing a hand on Sherlock’s cheek, where he had kissed his servant, John caressed him lightly. “Someday, Sherlock, I’ll have you convinced of how much I cherish you.”
I will miss the way he signs his name.
Sherlock smiled brightly, and then moved to put the thing in his satchel.
“Just like that, Sherlock,” whispered the king, his voice rough, “let yourself go.”
Sherlock’s head tilted back as he shouted out his pleasure. He could not deny that his king knew just how to move into him, to make him feel wonderful.
In the privacy of their shared room, however, everything had changed. John would be pulled close to his master and kissed. Even though John would offer to see to everything for his king, William would undress him, and care lovingly for him.
It was only a few more thrusts before John finished, with a rough grunt, emptying himself within his beloved maid. His gratification was intensified when he felt Sherlock reach his peak as well, crying out John’s name as his body trembled and then relaxed under the king.
Though I tried, I couldn’t catch a glimpse of the PA, but at least I could see as the car pulled away that the man was a very careful driver. He couldn’t be
LESTRADE
SHERLOCK
“Oh, Sherlock,” John murmured. “I love you so much.” He leaned down, kissing Sherlock’s hips and stomach, enjoying how this added to the gorgeous sounds that Sherlock made. “I want you to be mine. Are you mine, Sherlock?”
Of course. You’re a brilliant man.
“Yes, there is that, at least,” Sherlock said, appreciatively. “You are my husband, and I know that, even if nobody else does. There’s more, though. All of those duties, I will have to continue performing for a long time, in this life, and,” he added, solemnly, “in the afterlife.”
John had been born the son of an apothecary, learning all manner of practical medicine from the day he could walk. When the previous monarch had called for able-bodied volunteers to rise for battle, John dutifully rose, taking all that he had learned in his father’s shop with him. At the age of twenty-five, he stormed onto the battlefield with his fellow soldiers, taking every opportunity to drop to his knees at the side of an injured comrade with his various tonics and surgeon’s tools at the ready.
Sherlock aimlessly lobbed them at her over his shoulder, followed by an apology when they collided with her head.
So sorry this took so long, and that it’s only the one chapter... anyway, I hope you enjoy!
John swallowed and nodded his head before capturing Sherlock’s lips in a messy, open mouth kiss. Sherlock squealed in astonishment when John pushed in to him again.
“Gah!” Sherlock screamed, thumping his fist against the wall.
“Oh, don’t you look lovely dear.”
Well, that was pathetic.
See? I was right.
Sherlock woke the next morning aching all over. His hips were sore, and his arms were twinging. He looked over beside him, his eyes falling on an empty space.
“They’ve found him.”
“John- oh god.”
They’re not as soft this time, but they have the unique, palatial blend of mint, tea, and shortbread that I’ve come to associate with John.
John was humming along to the lyrics as they danced, bobbing his head in time. He’d been holding both of Sherlock’s hands but he’d brought them down to rest on Sherlock’s hips, swaying them to the music. Sherlock giggled, not resisting in the slightest, putty in John’s hands. The last chorus ended, and John dipped Sherlock backwards like at the end of the tango. Sherlock was giggling when John brought him back up, and pressed a rather enthusiastic kiss to his lips. They fell on to Sherlock’s bed in a fit of laughter, Sherlock sprawled out on John’s chest.
“So, a food fight?”
They entered the sitting room, which was a large room with photographs and portraits decorating the walls and shelves, a few statues on the mantle piece, and three vases of flowers. Sherlock was intrigued by the photographs, and went over to look at each of them. She was particularly drawn to a picture of a blonde boy, maybe six years old, with a big grin, showing where he’d lost one of his front teeth.
“You took me be surprise.”
“You obviously have to come too, so if you had plans tomorrow, you don’t anymore.”
What is...?
Sherlock pulled her lips in to a crooked grin. John smiled when she pressed a kiss to his temple, and turned his head so she could kiss his lips.
“Yeah?”
Oh god...
This is not the first time he’s asked this.
(Obviously, things will get more intense as their relationship develops.)
SHERLOCK’S POV
“Looking for her... oh. Did she find her?”
“Getting lube.” John replied, head bent over as he looked through their draws tantalisingly slow. Sherlock suspected he was being slow on purpose.
The start of the countdown brought their attention.
Ugh. What did he want. Sherlock reluctantly took the phone, and answered.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock giggled.
“Ahh...” Sherlock whimpered as John began to toy with his nipples, the sensitive buds hard from arousal.
“You make it sound like I’m in here for running a gang.”
“Oh!” She gasped at the new feeling, and clawed at his shoulders.
“Have you got a girl back home?”
“I’ll get you a towel.”
“I love you too.”
She gingerly rolled her hips against him, causing him to moan.
“Oh...”
It was just his arms around her, and that was all that mattered.
“Hello. John, we have to go to chemistry early.”
“Oh god...” I moan quietly, unable to keep my pleasure under wraps.
He throws his head back with a low moan of appreciation.
Once Sherlock had recovered from our first encounter, I couldn’t wait to get my hands on him again.
She quirks her eyebrows at me, a smile playing on her lips.
I let out a sharp whimper at this and accidentally dig my nails in to his shoulders.
John realises the extent of his feelings for Sherlock.
He stopped, and turned to see the gangly teenager running towards him.
A car arrived shortly after, and Mycroft, Sherlock, Mrs Holmes, and Harriet got in. The others were driven in a second car. They arrived an hour in advance, and greg arrived shortly after. Sherlock and John sat together singing assorted sea shanties, including the inappropriate ‘I’ll make a man out of anyone of you.’ This resulted in John being thwacked round the head by his mother.
It was in his nature to obey and look up to meet johns gaze.
He grabs me by my freshly buttoned shirt, and pulls me in for a kiss.
Sherlock grinned.
“Right...” John leaned in to him. “Here.”
There was some shuffling about before another voice answered.
After cleaning up, John scooped Sherlock into his arms, and gently placed him under the sheets and amongst the pillows.
Sherlock hesitated for a moment before answering.
The blond turned his head to look at Sherlock, his eyes hooded and vacant.
“Oh.” Is all I manage to stammer out, my cheeks flaring a colour I can only imagine matches that of John’s underwear.
Mycroft tried to look disapproving, but could help the small smile that tugged at her lips.
“You got a drink yet?”
Bored... bored... god there’s nothing to do round here.
I slowly move towards him, and gingerly press my lips to his.
Sherlock blushed bright pink and his face in johns shirt.
“Her water broke and the contractions got worse. My mother is telephoning the doctor from my fathers study.”
“Yes, Greg. Would you like some tobacco?”
It soothes me, as I suppose was his intent.
I also feel excited.
The brunette giggled, and placed a kiss on his hand, then pressed it to johns cheek.
“I’ve been wanting to tell you this in person for so long. I love you John. So much. So much.”
John turned back, but the mysterious boy had disappeared. He shuddered, and ran off in search of a bus stop.
That was this morning. He’d decided to leave out the change in plans as he wanted to surprise Sherlock. In the end, he ended up being the one surprised.
“Harder! You feel so good! Ahh! Your thick cock makes me- Agh! Oh god!” The brunette gasped.
“Hello.” He says as he reaches over for a book and proceeds to pretend to read it.
“You’re up.” Sherlock smiled as she went to sit down next to him.
“Just be grateful there’s only one of her. Not only did I have to deal with you fighting with me, but fighting with this one as well.” Their mother chided, gently running her hand over her youngest daughter’s hand.
The brunette coyly ran his tongue over his lips.
“I would indeed. It’s been perfect.”
Sherlock blinked his cat eyes a few times, trying desperately not to let the iridescent beads of moisture fall from them, despite how keen they were to escape.
Heat. Heavy breathing. Body shaking.
“Fuck...” John sighed as he took in the distressed state Sherlock was in.
“This Alright?”
“School starts next week. Are you looking forward to it?”
“Also a good point.” John grinned at Rosie.
“Still better than that time you tried to keep a badger as a pet.”
“What?”
“Yes.”
“Everything ok?”
“Go. Before we get caught.” He whispers back.
“Clear this up, and sort yourselves out. And honestly Mycroft? The daily mail? Really?”
John raced up the stairs where Sherlock lost sight of him. John ran into Harry’s room, where he saw his mother knelt on the floor, cradling Harry’s head in her lap.
“It’s like when you do it to yourself, just a different angle.”
He dropped back so he was resting on Johns shoulder.
That’s what she told herself as she scrabbled to her knees, curse words uttering from her lips as she scrambled to her feet, a sweat breaking out on her forehead.
“Me too. You guys wanna go?”
“Nope.”
John and Sherlock exchanged a glance somewhere between horrified and amused.
Sherlock grinned and pressed a kiss to his cheek.
Soon, she was leant back against the table with John knelt in between her legs, assaulting her kiss bruised lips, hands in her hair, on her face, her waist.
She pulled her lips in to a sad smile, then turned to regard Sherlock.
“I-Agh!”
John raised his eyebrows.
“That was one of the options, but we decided to come here instead.”
“That’s hot.”
“John...”
He laughs, and steps back to kiss me once more.
“Really? My P.E. kit? They really shouldn’t allow kids to wear these.” Sherlock chortled.
and drop to his knees.
“Fresh meat. Try and get these ones on your side before they learn of your reputation.”
“Well, the game itself is of very little interest to me, just people running around a muddy field... but you...” Sherlock rambled. “You have a technique that seems to work out in your favour-“
“Yes.” He said shortly, putting his hand in his pocket.
Peaceful is never one of them.
Sherlock and John have their first time.
“No... I didn’t have time to find a shirt this morning... I was a little... occupied.” John panted against Sherlock’s skin.
When did he undo those buttons?
They lay like that for a good half an hour, exchanging sweet nothings, and tentative touches and kisses.
Sherlock jumped on to the table, returning the height difference back to normal. The space between them was smaller now, so there was hardly any space to avoid getting hit. John made one false move, and fell onto Sherlock, knocking the taller boy on to the floor. John had closed his eyes during the fall, and when he reopened them, he was staring into Sherlock’s. He was about a centimetre away from his face, their noses nearly touching. Sherlock was so close to John he could smell his minty toothpaste, the strong scent of his shampoo, and the rich scent of his body spray. He could kiss him if he wanted to, which of course he did want to, but what would John do? Would he push him away? Would he yell at him, and scream? Would he stop being friends with him? He couldn’t risk that. He stayed put, and just stared into johns eyes, not knowing John was thinking the same thing. Sherlock could help but think back to his dream, his blood flowing south as the imagery swam round his head. He tilted his pelvis to the side, and was only all too great full when the blond slowly got up, and pulled him to his feet. The silence forming between them was broken by the doorbell.
“Do you think you’d want to...”
“What?” The brunette asked, somewhat confused as he watched John leave the bed and start getting dressed.
sherlock grows accustomed to the other guards and John has a little alone time thinking about the dark haired beauty.
He tells me all about his day over dinner. It sounds like he’s really enjoying himself there.
Of course, as luck would have it, John is on his way out of the staff bathrooms.
A smile tugged at Sherlock’s lips.
“That my darling...” He drawls as he mouths at my jaw. “Was your prostate. Being a medical student does have the oddest perks.”
Sherlock struggles with jealousy. John is oblivious as usual.
I’m sure some of the noises he makes are fake, but sometimes it feels good to be wild and loud.
He’s regarding me with an ardent stare as he closes the distance between our bodies.
It was quarter to four, and each second felt like a minute, and each minute felt like an hour. That’s how the whole day had gone for Sherlock in anticipation of having tea with John and his family. The doorbell finally rang, and Mrs Hudson went to open it while Sherlock watched from the top of the stairs. She focused on John, who was wearing a white shirt tucked into a pair of grey shorts along with a pair of knee socks which weren’t even. Sherlock wondered if she should tell him.
For now, I’ll have to make do with the underwear.
Sherlock’s giggle turned in to a soft moan as John came to stand behind him, pressing up against him.
“No. Not at all.”
Sherlock age: 15
SHERLOCK’S POV
This is a bit shit. 😆
John age: 20
Sherlock swallowed.
“I said ‘why me?’”
“Maybe I am.” I mutter as I hiss out the lie. “Maybe I am ordinary. Maybe you... are smarter than me.”
“Oh fuck.”
“Sherlock... oh god!”
And not all of it good.
“I am. I’ll tell you to stop if I’m uncomfortable.” Sherlock reassured the blond as he shuffled closer.
Before Sherlock had a chance to finish his sentence, John had leant forwards, and pressed his lips up against his own. Sherlock felt his brain short circuiting, everything about John's lips hit him in a wave. Soft, warm, minty, and exactly how he'd imagined. What was throwing him was that he wasn’t imagining it anymore. John was kissing him. He still hadn’t had time to comprehend what was happening by the time John pulled back. He sat, in silence, just staring at John. John had just kissed him. He and John had just kissed. His mind swirled as he tried to arrange his thoughts.
They pulled apart with a sigh.
“Hang on was this at that party Greg made the have?”
John rolled him off gently, and went in search of some underwear. He pulled on a fresh pair, and threw a pair to Sherlock. John pulled on a T-shirt, then returned to Sherlock. His eyes were half closed, and he was trying not to yawn. John pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s pale knee before sliding his skirt down, and replacing it with a pair of cotton briefs. He carefully wrapped Sherlock in the white sheet at the end of the bed before hoisting him up.
“But then I’d have to move...” He groaned.
I can feel every inch of him, and fuck if that doesn’t have me ready to cum right now.
“Looks good.” Sherlock chuckled. “Nobody would ever know they were borrowed.” John grinned.
“Chemistry. It is what interests me most, and unlike the other subjects, I cannot obtain what I require for research without alerting the authorities... you would have thought Mycroft’s position would help me avoid them, but my brother would give them my address without prompting.” He says with a chuckle.
I want to see if I can get him to do it again, but I need to breathe.
Even though the question was vague, and not nearly as crude as it could have been, John still felt his cheeks flushing.
Margret Jane Holmes
“Lovely.”
I swallow, and take the book. He nods, and turns to walk away. He has a slight limp as he marches back to the bubble. This observation just adds confirmation to my earlier deduction. I wobble back in to my cube, ever so slightly light headed, and beating myself up for being so blunt with him. Why am I such an asshole?
He turned on his heal before John could have the chance to respond.
“No, no don’t... don’t stop.” Sherlock garbled, grabbing at johns shoulders when he went to pull back. “Please, don’t stop. Please... Please.”
When Friday rolled around, Sherlock was there to watch johns game. What John hadn’t counted on, was his father being there too, and only a row away from his curly haired boyfriend. Thankfully he didn’t notice, leaving nothing to distract him from his game. He scored the winning goal with three minutes to spare. Half the school was there to watch, but the only person John cared about, was Sherlock, who was cheering away with great vigour. The brunette came running over to him as soon as the game was over and his teammates had scattered.
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock looked down between them, and saw that there was no simple defining point that he ended and John began. He switched his gaze up to johns face which was contorted with pleasure. He was clearly trying his hardest to resist from just slamming right in to Sherlock, again and again until they were both howling.
He repeated this sentence to himself again and again as he slotted his shoe in to each foothold of the wall trellis under Sherlock’s window, and he knew it was her window because of the beautiful, ornate telescope in the window.
Sherlock was sat in the middle of the bed, a bemused smile appearing on his face.
Mrs Watson chuckled, his softened exterior and charm working on her. She was in her late forties, a natural blonde, but now had to dye it to hide the grey, had a job in the city, was an only child, and had divorced no fewer than five years ago.
“Mmm, but then you’d die... maybe I’ll stab you in the chest? No, cos that’ll be a few weeks in medical, and then you’ll be out... maybe I should just accept fate and let you go...”
let me know if you guys have any suggestions.
“John, What is going on?” Sherlock asked when John finally let go of him.
Sherlock muttered taking a bite of a cookie.
“Yes. Every single one.”
John wasn’t sure if he was going to be able to hold of his impending climax for as long as it might take to get Sherlock settled.
“Really? I used to play pirates.”
“Ah!” John moaned as Sherlock engulfed his cock in wet heat.
“John...”
Oh, it’s good, it’s really good.
He could feel himself throbbing between his legs as he touched her, this new experience mind blowing.
“Aught i?”
“Well, you know it’s a good day when you walk in on the love of your life shouting at an inanimate object.”
He needed to be sure Sherlock was comfortable with something new.
John obeyed happily, and pushed another finger inside.
“Afternoon.”
Rats.
“What do you mean you went by accident?”
“Yes, that’s how I know she’s worries.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A few more pumps, and he was wailing and arching his back as he came on to his chest.
Sherlock squealed when John suddenly  pulled him up, and carried him in to the bedroom. He lay him on the bed, and practically pounced on the lanky teen. They joined their lips in a passionate, sticky kiss; teeth knocking together, tongues fighting for dominance.
“Oh darling.” My mother says, as mothers would, and pulls me in to a rib crushing hug.
Drinking.
I’m always pleased to get out of the dorms and go to work, but today I practically sprint in to the garden.
Oh good lord, what just happened?
Sherlock looked deep in to her eyes. She was sincere.
We close the distance, and share a soft, tentative kiss.
“Light?” John asked as he presented Sherlock with a cat-of-nine-tails. The ‘cat’ was a multi tailed whip that John used to both tease and torture Sherlock.
“We shouldn’t be too long. Maybe two hours.”
Sherlock raised his his head when he felt the gaze of his peers.
He stayed as still as he could as John tied the blindfold round his head. He gasped loudly when he felt satin ties round his wrists.
He looks up at me, pupils blown wide with arousal, and chuckles.
Sherlock whimpered, and looked away under John’s intense gaze. His whole body was tingling with carnal desire. He needed release, but he knew he would get any if he made a fuss about it.
Despite having accidentally confessed a moment ago, I feel the need to officially tell him.
Most mothers would assume he was trying to impress somebody, but Sherlock wasn’t most children, so his mother said nothing more of it. Unfortunately Mycroft had all too much to say on the matter, much like most matters, whether they concerned him or not.
“Yes.” John said without hesitation.
John was less than grateful for the ear worm he had circling in his head, curtesy of Todd.
“What? Yes, I’m fine.”
“We don’t really have time for this... and yet...” Sherlock coos softly as he runs his hand up my inner thigh, dragging his fingers over my hard on.
“You’re gonna be ok.”
Sherlock is released from SHU.
Johns eyes went to comical saucer size.
I loved writing this chapter! The smut is fun, but this story needs a bit of substance, too.
I can see him grinning as I spread his cheeks.
“Make that 30 minutes.”
“What’s wrong?”
“I must say, I do appreciate it when others prepare for events, although this is a little different from what I think they had in mind in the scouts.”
“Is it alright if I keep going?” He asks softly, his hands sliding up my thighs.
“As I’m sure many others, himself included, have informed you of his lack of practice at entertaining guests.”
The pair both looked over to see Mycroft walking up the drive, shouting in to a pram.
After a moment, he begins tapping his fingers on his knee in time with the beat, and gently bobbing his head. During the last chorus, he closes his eyes, and tips his head back, his dark curls falling back and away from his face. When the song ends, he turns back to me, a smile of approval on his face.
“Alright, just going to clean my hands.”
He presses a chaste kiss to my lips, then disappears down the corridor and out of sight.
That’s how Sherlock joined the police. In fact, he made up his own job and became the world’s only consulting detective.
I feel myself getting hot under the collar again, so I excuse myself from breakfast early, feigning the need to stretch my legs.
“Mmmm...” he moaned softly as he felt Johns finger at his entrance.
“You have masturbated before, haven’t you?”
Sherlock jumped, and wrapped his legs around johns waist. Josh pinned him to the wall adjacent to the door with his hips, keeping Sherlock trapped between the wall and his muscular body.
When I meet his eyes, he’s watching me with a sort of amusement and affection.
“Lucy, put that down!” She called to the toddler currently attempting to lift one of the patio chairs.
Sherlock tried her best to hold back tears as she rocked back in her chair.
“So, is Mycroft coming home for Christmas?”
John.
“How about one last, rough prison fuck?” I growl by his ear, pulling in his earlobe with my teeth as I stop my hand down between us. He’s rock hard.
John went on what Sherlock had done to him, and swallowed round the head of the brunette’s cock.
His grin broadens further as he presents me with a sleek, black box.
We just stare at each other.
The young girl had come down with the flu, so hadn’t seen the new arrival until just now, and was very over excited.
“Oh fuck.” John groaned deep in his throat, eyes closing.
John pulled her close and placed a soft kiss on the top of her head.
“Don’t think she saw through our ‘video game’ cover though, do you?” Sherlock teased after a moment.
His breath hitches, and his fingers dig in to my hips.
Mrs Hudson, baby in arm.
“You want to watch TV?”
The boys finished off lunch, then went back upstairs to watch more videos. They got quite loud with their laughter, which resulted in Mycroft, who’s room was next door, banging on the wall for them to shut up. On one occasion, he’d come into the room, and ordered them to ‘cease the ruckus’, or he’d tell on them to their mother. This resulted in Sherlock giving him the finger, and the older teen slamming the door in despair, muttering to himself about how younger brothers were surly minions of Satan himself. This of course only made the boys laugh more. It seemed sherlock’s favourite thing to do, bedsides freaking people out with his deductions, was pissing of his brother. The older boy had eventually given up, and gone to the library to escape the shrill giggles of john and Sherlock. At 16:00, John had to go home to get ready for football. It was fair to say John was off his game, his mind completely occupied by thoughts of the dark haired boy, with his mystical eyes, sharp cheekbones, and why he made John feel all giddy.
“John, I wish I didn’t have to use my little fingers *gasp* I wish it was your huge cock inside me- ah!”
Johns hands were on her waist, controlling the speed at which her hips moved. His tongue flicked her nipple as he sucked on the mound, all the while using his hand to massage the other.
She got to her feet, and walked across the room to her sofa. She grabbed the duvet, and her pillow, and grabbed something from her overnight bag. When she returned to Johns side, he was laying down, staring at the ceiling.
I laugh again and he playfully bats my shoulder.
“Fancy a smoke?”
“I love starting the morning with a blow job.” He panted, reaching out to stroke Sherlock’s cheek. He giggled, and bumped his head up against johns.
He shook her hand with his free one, his other still clutched by Sherlock.
“This is by far the best dessert I’ve ever had.” John chuckled as he moved his hands down to spread Sherlock’s legs wide.
John age: 20
Sherlock squeaked when John pinned him down to the mattress with his hips, attacking his lips with a fiery passion.
Sherlock grinned, and continued to dance. He reached down to the hem of the hoodie on his bare skin, and pulled it of slowly, careful not to knock the ears off his head. He pulled of his trousers in the same, seductive manner. John eyed him with a predatory look in his eyes as he revealed more and more inches of pale skin.
“Watson, times up.”
“Sure.”
John was barely able to control himself as he sank in inch by inch, his body coursing with adrenaline.
Their mother shot him a look of disapproval, but he chose not to notice.
I press a chaste kiss to his lips then lead him to the door.
Sherlock loved how deeply he could feel John inside him, stretching his walls, throbbing and pulsing.
Sherlock threw his head back as a strangled moan escaped him, exposing his pale throat. John pressed his lips to the soft skin, emitting whines of pleasure from Sherlock, making him thrash and buck. John gently bit down, hard enough to hurt, but not enough to do any damage.
“Fuck, that’s good.”
“Yes, and I highly doubt she cares what I do with my hair!”
“Thank you.” Sherlock smiled softly at Mrs Hudson, and sunk down in a chair.
“She starts throwing objects and insults when she’s having one.” Mycroft murmured, referring to the box of tissues Sherlock threw at her head whisky calling her a tosser.
John turned his face towards her, and captured her lips in a tentative kiss.
Mycroft came home about an hour later, and he did not look impressed.
John brought his hands back down to cup sherlock’s ass, squeezing firmly.
What if he couldn’t make Sherlock cum?
John grinned to himself, and lightly bumped Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Hey.”
The words of his field Marshal rang in his ears as he did up his buttons.
“Ah, too bad.”
“What have you done?!”
“Yes, darling. He’s come to meet your sister’s family. You’re part of her family.”
The second time I see the blond guard, it’s in the common room. He’s distracted this time, so I have the opportunity to observe him properly. His shirt still doesn’t have his name, so ‘blond guard’ will have to do. I allow my eyes to wander, scanning down his form. The way he stands... the way he does his hair... Ah... that explains it. I grin to myself, and walk back to the dorms.
“Yes.”
“Well, I would have done something about that if we hadn’t been interrupted.” He says with a quick swipe of his tongue to his lower lip.
“I love you too.” He chuckled, brining a hand up to cup her cheek. “I haven’t gone a day without thinking about you.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to ask further questions, but paused as he caught on to johns playful tone.
Sherlock did as he was told, and lay down on the pillows. They’d found out very early on in their relationship that Sherlock had a thing for authority, and if John asked him to do something using a lower register, he would do it, no hesitation. John clambered back on to the bed, and settled in between Sherlock’s long, sock covered legs. Sherlock trembled when John stared down at him with a predatory gaze. John felt his cock throb as he looked at Sherlock. He looked like absolute sin. His hair was a mess, eyes dark with lust, a flush that started at his neck, and continued down his body, and porcelain skin covered with obscenely red and purple bruises and bite marks.
“You know John...?”
“Yes.” I say definitely, nosing at his cheek.
I’m not sure in which context he is inflicting this description upon himself, but none the less, I reassure him he is not in the slightest.
“Thank you.” I tell her when she pulls back.
“This ok?”
Sherlock couldn’t bring herself to eye roll at the sentimental moment.
He gets out a second broom and helps me sweep the floor before we head out in to the grounds.
“Such a gentleman.” She mused, trying to hide the small thrill that filled her at the prospect of walking to school side by side with the blonde boy. Side by side would do for now, although there was a pang of sadness that it wasn’t hand in hand.
Sherlock POV
“Oooo, Nothing is like young meat.” Brenton chuckled, a suggestive smirk on his face.
“I want you so bad.” John husked, taking Sherlock’s ear lobe in to his mouth.
Hope you enjoy!
It was a dreary Sunday. The sun was blocked by the clouds, and there was a chill in the air. Sherlock had chosen to stay indoors, and was sat in the parlour knitting a scarf to send to John.
“Thank you again Mrs Watson.”
“I’m not.”
“I haven’t either.”
"It was very informative. You?"
Sherlock turned her head away.
“Yes, mummy. Fine.” He rambled, feeling the need to cover himself with his sheets despite the fact that there was a locked door between them. He hoped she hadn’t heard him crying out. There would simply be no denying what had happened. He showered quickly, then dressed, and ran down the stairs.
“John, I don’t want to be a semi aquatic mammal!” He howled, refusing to let go of Johns neck.
“Alright, gotta get cleaned up. I’ll get a towel.”
“Hang on, hang on.” I chuckle as I pull him back.
He set the fire extinguisher he’d been using on the table, and took off his goggles. John grabbed him by his waist, and rested his head on his shoulder.
I have experimented on myself before, and I know how odd it feels right up until it gets really, really good.
“Yes.”
All John needed was a little ‘Dutch courage’ to make a move.
The weight on my shoulders, the feel of the fabric against my skin...
“Yes well, sometimes you have to push your own feelings aside when someone else needs you to be strong.”
"You think it's funny to show people up?" Donovan called after him.
Sherlock’s POV
She hesitantly brought her hands to the bottom of his shirt, and slid her hands up his chest.
“Ok, ok,” John starts, and grabs me by the shoulders. “I don’t want you to think I’m pressuring you, or trying to coheres you, or anything, I mean we can just spend time here cuddling, or we can forget the whole thing- I shouldn’t have have done this. I’m sorry, I-“
Sherlock turned around, and headed for the lab, stopping by the door to make sure John was following him. They entered the room, and sat down at the front of the still empty classroom.
John invites Sherlock over for the day.
“God!” He wailed, his jaw clenching.
He smiles, and steps towards me.
His hands on my back are gentle, tracing little patterns on my skin as he he holds me to him.
“What did you say?” I husk, stepping closer to him.
Mycroft inhaled sharply. Her mother didn’t need to say anything more. For the first time in her life, Mycroft had nothing to add either. She simply nodded her head in understanding. Mrs Holmes finished her tea, then made her leave.
“There’s other people there. I don’t-“
“I love how you look in these. So sexy... so hot...”
- 14th of July, Sherlock, 6 months pregnant
“Now, please.”
I don’t know when I stopped crying. Actually, I don’t know if I ever did. Maybe I’m still crying...
He squirted some shampoo on to his hands, and began to work it into Sherlock’s hair.
She gave John a smile, then disappeared behind the door.
It’s too hot, it’s too cold, it’s too wet, it’s too windy.
“Oh...”
Also, I switched the order of POVS for this chapter.
Sherlock had been sat in her dining hall.
“John?”
“Are you Alright in there Sherlock?”
The feel of the coat is little compensation for the emptiness of leaving John.
He didn’t exactly want to bellyache to Sherlock about his pains, but his body felt as though he had taken a beating from the entire football team.
SHERLOCK’S POV
Sherlock began humping john’s knee, small whimpers escaping him.
"Yes, I really enjoyed it. Right up until the moth to mouth on those creepy dolls... if you'd been much worse, I may have had to do that to you." John joked, but instantly paused as he realised the meaning of his words. He sat back again, and ran his eyes over Sherlock. He was regarding him with the same heated stare.
Sherlock begins to worry after having not heard from John for a few months.
“Congratulations. I’ll just clean him up then you can hold him.”
This is his job.
No, John isn’t dying. Also, read the end notes for explanations that may be needed.
John pressed a kiss on her nose before moving past her to push down in the case.
“Oh, Sure. Here.”
It masked her tears.
“I came prepared this time. Tissues and wet wipes.” He chuckles as he presents the items from his pocket.
“Can I?”
The brunette turned her attention to the young man before her, and extended her hand.
John turned to look at Sherlock with a grin. Sherlock rolled his eyes with a giggle.
John grinned when he felt Sherlock’s cock twitch against his knee, and his nails rake his skin. Another smack came, and Sherlock yelled louder.
He walks back on the silent feet of a soldier.
Well, I thought of you whilst I got off...
“Is that one of Mycroft’s shirts?” Irene grinned.
💖Sherlock💖: I miss you.
A smile appeared on Sherlock’s face.
“Gah...” John gasps, his eyes screwing shut.
He tipped Sherlock’s head back, and pressed their lips together. The brunette shuffled uncomfortably, his wet briefs clinging to his skin. John took Sherlock by the hand, and lead him in to their bedroom, where he pushed him down on to the bed, their lips never parting.
“I love you. I just wish I didn’t have to hide it.”
16th of June 1914
I take it to me lips, and gingerly swallow a few sips.
Sherlock briefly cursed herself for not thinking of that herself.
“What?”
He nods, and licks his lips.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, but shrugged it off.
John strode over to her, and detached her from the bramble. She tumbled out of the fence, and into his arms.
The movie was good.
“Sherlock?”
“These are all getting a bit melted now. I suppose I’ll have to resort to torturing you some other way.” John growled, lightly pinching the skin on Sherlock’s hip bone.
“Thought you weren’t on duty then...?” I venture as I finish off my tea.
I slump down in the chair, and take to the cross word. No one is doing anything of importance from what I can see, just getting ready for visitation. I look up every now and then to keep an eye on things, but nothing catches my attention. A few hours later, I get up to stretch my legs, and take a walk around the dorm. Everything seems in order, so I go to head back to the bubble when I see a book lying on the floor.
“He’s not haunted by the battlefield. He misses it.”
She shuffled forwards on her knees, and pressed a kiss to johns lips.
“So, no. I won’t be going back.”
15th of October 1916
“You taste amazing.” He purred when he stood back up.
“We could make out.”
Sherlock blushed softly, ducking his head.
“So, Sherlock. Can I buy you a drink?”
“Is there any point trying to talk to her?”
We both stay silent for a few moments, just staring at the concrete floor.
I let out a shaky breath before tearing my eyes off him and walking over to sit with Mike and the others.
John grinned, his front teeth biting down on his bottom lip.
“Hey, do you... do you mind if I smoke?”
Mycroft brings home a gentleman from university, where he has to face the wrath of Sherlock.
“And you just know he’s a psycho. You can see it in his eyes. One of these days, winding up the other kids won’t be enough. He’ll snap. Psychopaths get bored.”
I can’t help but grin.
“Fuck...” He murmurs quietly, a grin playing at his lips. “You’re going to be the death of me, you are.”
“Four? Impressive. Biology, chemistry, and maths. Were you at university before you... came here?”
I am amazed that I have lasted this long, but it’s not going to last much longer.
“What do you want?”
My breath is shaky and raspy as I throw my head back.
John smiled.
“Sherlock!”
“Let me show you. I think you’ll enjoy it. May I?”
“Are you all clean?” I ask tentatively, kissing at his thighs.
“John.” His dad said firmly. “John Hamish Watson, you answer me right now!”
I’ve slept with a handful of women, but I’ve never had a man before.
Sherlock giggled, and nestled his head in johns chest. Most of his semen had gone on the sheets, his thighs, or johns hand.
“Sherlock...?” John drawled, toying with one of his dark curls.
“You can wash your hands there, and the tea towels are on the counter.”
“What in gods name...?”
“Harder... please...” he begs with a thrust of his own.
Knowing he’s hard is turning me on so much.
“I’m not gay.”
Sherlock worried his lip between his teeth.
"Come on John. How often do you get to solve crime in your pyjamas? This will be a marvellous anecdote to share later in life."
Sherlock pulled his dark blue coat up around himself as they walked through the streets to the police station. The pair wandered in to the station, and waited for an officer to come over to them.
“Let me just move the pillows then. My legs are cramping.”
I feel my mind cloud with apprehension.
Well, should they “smash”?
The blond shook his head.
He grins in a manner I can only describe as seductive. I might not have his gifts, but I can see he’s flirting with me. I feel a rush of excitement go through me, followed by a hollow, nagging feeling as I walk away. I can be with him here, look at him, talk to him, but then at the end of the day, I go home, and I lock him in behind me.
“It did.”
I grab him by the front of his shirt, and pull him towards me.
I remain in the room for a moment whilst I calm myself down, adjust my shirt so the hickeys are covered, then leave down the hall in the opposite direction to John.
Sherlock paused for a moment, wondering why johns facial expression implied that his request was not a reasonable one.
I smile and keen in to his touch.
As John pulled Sherlock in to the room, he thought about how this was pretty much all down to him. Then again, Sherlock was always full of surprises, and he might have some knowledge of the carnal variety locked away up there.
“Darling, What are you talking about?”
Sherlock’s whole body spasmed as copious amounts of fluid spurted from the end of his cock, then he fell back on to John’s chest, completely spent.
That bastard has turned to vibrator on.
"Sherlock? What the hell?"
“No, I specifically mean dead things, or limbs from dead things.”
“Mrs Watson, I think your son is a brilliant young man. He’s a wonderful friend, and one of the kindest people I know. Don’t worry about him.” Sherlock said softly, taking a seat down beside her. He was surprising himself at the words escaping his mouth, but they were certainly genuine.
John nodded, and offered the other man a puff.
I whip my head around, expecting to see Sherlock on the floor, but instead, I see him throwing a punch Moriarty’s way. He misses, and instead gets a sucker punch to the gut.
“I was going to jump out and scare you, but I did a practice run, and I scared myself.”
Sherlock ducked his head, blushing madly.
I jump down from the counter and shimmy my trousers back on.
“You really wanna?” John smirked, the idea of messing around at school somewhat thrilling.
Sherlock nodded, a blush creeping onto his cheeks. Sherlock felt anxiety creeping up on him as they walked. What if he did it wrong? What if he wasn’t good?
Sherlock focused on the light provided by johns phone torch, then into johns eyes.
The subtle raise of his eyebrows is a gesture not lost on me before he disappears out in to the corridor.
Sherlock couldn’t help his eyes from closing as a noise between a sob and a moan wracked his body. John pulled back to allow sherlock to rearrange himself, watching intently as the brunette coyly turned around, sure to wiggle his ass as he did. John licked his lips and lightly smacked Sherlock across his ass.
“Yes.” Sherlock replied tersely. “He’s just busy with school.”
“I love you.” I murmur in the brief moment we pause to breathe.
Well, it’s in there.
I gently tip his head back using two fingers under his chin. There are some purplish marks, finger tip sized at the base of his throat. I’d love to replace those marks caused by pain with those inflicted by pleasure.
Sherlock didn’t comment on this. He managed to scrabble to his knees, and up in to johns arms.
“Because... what happens next... will be even better.”
"Can you sit up?"
Johns eyes went wide.
“Hello. Come in. My mother and sister are in the garden.”
John chuckles and shakes his head.
I plant a soft kiss to his forehead and pull him even closer to me.
He was dumbfounded, and like most adolescent males would be, extremely turned on.
John age: 16
“What?”
"God no."
“Do you two have to do that here?”
He reaches for the lube, and coats his fingers in a generous amount before squirting some more around my entrance.
(See the end of the chapter for
He ignored the blond, and snatched the newspaper from him before burying his head in it.
“Mmmm.”
John offered his arm, which she took with a smile.
He exhales a shaky breath as he nods his head.
“I could hide it in here somewhere... no, wait, that won’t work, because the guards have no reason to search your bunk... could be a random search I guess... wait, no I hid this in here four days ago, and even you didn’t notice.”
“Potatoes aren’t vegetables.”
“No, I borrowed them. I fully intend to give them back, believe me. The little one is a mean drunk. Kept biting me.”
“Yes I know.”
“Here...” the blond murmured as he pulled the other teen in for a kiss, carving his lips with his tongue.
“Ok.” Sherlock said with a yawn.
Prison hasn’t changed me that much.
He has 2 months left.
“He saw me entering some confidential information for one of our under protection inmates... and he threatened to give the contact details to an ‘interested party’ ... if I didn’t edit his status to ‘allow visitors’...”
I bob my head up and down a little faster, swiping my tongue, gently grazing the soft skin with my teeth.
He reconnects our lips in a passionate kiss, and sucks my tongue in to his mouth in such a way that I am very concerned that I’ll cum untouched.
He spread his legs, and bent his knees slightly to support himself. He couldn’t see what John was doing, but he heard various noises by his left ear.
“Yes sir?”
“Oh, yes please.”
“Get your pants off.”
I can feel how much my cock is leaking as beads of fluid trickle down my shaft and on to my stomach.
“Yes.”
“Work.”
He does his best to nod, a breathless chuckle escaping him.
“Mother, this is Greg Lestrade. Greg, this is my mother Anne Holmes. And that’s Sherlock.”
“Why?”
Sherlock smiled, and happily allowed Mrs Hudson to kiss her temple.
“Hello, dear.”
He walks us backwards until he’s sat in his chair and I’m in his lap, my legs bent as I kneel either sides of his thighs.
John shrugged his shoulder, seemingly satisfied with this answer, and followed Sherlock in to the living room.
Sherlock shivered beneath John’s body.
My wrists were cuffed, and I was lead out of the house. They pushed my head down as they loaded me in to the car although I doubt it was to avoid hitting my head on the door. Like they care. I closed my eyes, and leant my head on the window as we drove, the quiet whirring of the engine and the chatter of the officers in the front of the car doing little to keep my entertained.
Christmas Day arrived just as it did every year with a blanket of snow, Christmas carols, and the smell of turkey. The Watsons were spending christmas with Sherlock’s family, leaving the table more crowded then usual. John and Sherlock shrieked with laughter at the terrible Christmas cracker jokes, the adults were taking full advantage of the fact that it was socially acceptable to drink at three o’clock, and everyone was wearing a crown. Even Mycroft. Present opening time came round. Presents from parents and siblings had happened that morning, and John was proudly showing off a scrap book he’d got from Harriet. Harriet and John received jumpers from Mr and Mrs Holmes, and Mycroft and Sherlock were gifted books on exotic plants with flowers pressing kits from Mr and Mrs Watson. Sherlock and John sat together as they opened their presents from each other. Johns face lit up as he opened the little box that revealed a pocket watch.
“I’m sure you did.”
I lay back, and allow my imagination to take control.
Irene turned to look at the other two.
“You’re so cute.”
John chortled and captured Sherlock’s lips in another kiss.
“A boy. Balance things out. But I don’t really mind.”
"I prefer company when I'm out. Helps to talk out loud, and the skull just attracts attention." Sherlock said, gesturing to the skull perched on the mantle piece.
“No, it’s fine. I’ll just use the bedsheets. I’ll have to burn them anyway.” Sherlock chuckled.
John leant in again, and pressed his lips against his ear.
“We just need to use more lubrication next time.” Sherlock sighed off hand.
Yes, I am fully aware that signing up wasn’t compulsory until 1916, but John has to go unwillingly in 1914 for my story to work! Did I change history for a story plot? Yes, yes I did.
“That was nice.” John grinned, leaning over to kiss Sherlock’s temple.
John guffawed, and affectionately bumped Sherlock with his head.
“Could I have another towel for my hair?
Sherlock comes to the realisation that he may have a thing for exhibition.
“Didn’t say a word.”
“Yes. I didn’t come on my own volition though. Irene dragged us here.”
She shuffled about beneath him and gripped his shoulders tightly as he started to move his hips in a steady rhythm.
Sherlock and John get to know each other a littl better.
She pushed her chair back, scratching against the floor. Once inside her room, she slammed the door shut, and fell back against it, slowly sliding down to the floor. Tears fell like a river from her eyes, sobs racking her body.
He goes to take a swing at me, but I block his punch, and pin his arm behind his back.
“Oh, god. No, I mean, no, of course I still want you to come.”
“Sherlock...”
John pressed a kiss to the corner of his mouth followed by a gentle nuzzle to his nose.
Sherlock narrowed her eyes, but went back to singing.
“I’m your only source of amusement around here... because...”
John reached under his pillow, and threw down a packet of cigarettes.
"Yes, thanks."
“Queen Mary’s and Bart’s.”
Enjoy!
“I CANT DO THIS!” She howled in tears as she dug her nails in to the mattress.
I open my mouth to say something, but nothing comes out. This has never happened to me before, lord knows I always have something to say, and yet here I am, speechless. He’s running his eyes over me when I manage to collect my brain cells, his lip drawn between his teeth in a crooked grin.
“Yes.”
Well, as I’ve stated before, prison is dull.
Mr Watson pulled his lips into a line.
John raised his eyebrows at the mention of the curly haired boy, his attention peeking. Why did everyone want to talk to him about Sherlock.
“I’m not judging. Just curious.”
Sherlock had begun to chew the inside of his cheek, his gaze darting around the room.
“Alright, trouble. See you later.”
There’s too many layers of clothes between us.
He stood up and went to the bathroom to get cleaned up. When he got back, Sherlock was in the doorway, bottom lip chewed between his teeth, and a look in his eyes that said:
Hope you guys enjoy! Please let me know if you have requests for chapters.
“Yeah, but what do you think about them?”
“It really couldn’t.”
John felt his heart sink when he heard Sherlock’s words.
She grins at me, then exits the room, leaving me alone with the notion that this was an extremely bad idea.
Sunday was Sherlock’s favourite day of the week. While he enjoyed his lessons, he didn’t enjoy when they were different times to johns, meaning they didn’t see each other all day. On Saturday, John had rugby. Sherlock normally went when there was a match, but when it was just a training session, he spent his time doing experiments. This left Sunday as the only whole day they had to spend together. It occurred to Sherlock at around 10 am they they had already wasted a good percentage of the day lying in bed. They normally spent their Sundays in bed, but the activities were never that of the sleeping and lounging around variety. They were currently on their fourth video of funny cat videos after falling down the rabbit hole of the internet.
“Get on your back.” He said, his voice dropping an octave.
“Wait there a minute, I’m just getting something.”
He smirks at my statement, then shakes his head.
“We ought to get you a hobby.”
“Ok, that’s it. What the fuck are you looking at?”
“Fucking hell- sher...lock... Nnngghh!”
References to violence, please read at your own risk.
John brought his hands down to her knees, then slid them up her legs, hiking her skirt up in the process.
John brought his hands down to curl in sherlock’s hair, yanking softly, making the brunette moan around his cock.
Sherlock was wrapped in his arms, his face buried in his chest, quiet sighs escaping him.
“Sorry, Sorry.” She giggled, supporting her weight on his arm.
“I might have to- Nnngghh! Use all my fingers- oh... oh... mmm...”
“Oh my...” Sherlock said quietly.
John grinned to himself as he looked back down at where their bodies were about to join.
“Oh fu...” Sherlock panted, subconsciously beginning to rock his hips forwards to meet johns fingers.
“I think they’re trainers.” He replied somewhat unsure of Johns need for his opinion.
He sighs before looking up, his cheek chewed between his teeth.
He turned to look at Coach Davis. Now, Sherlock was normally never intimidated, but Coach Davis was built like a tank, and Sherlock was built like a noodle.
“Morning, Sir.”
His eyes are kind and warm as he stares back at me, but they’re also ardent and flooded with lust.
She didn’t realise she’d been crying until she pulled back and saw that John’s shirt collar was wet.
“What’s the matter? Why are you... oh...” John mused when he recognised the jolting, almost... buzzing... motion Sherlock appeared to be experiencing.
Her mother didn’t ask why, she simply moved the chair across the room, somewhere Sherlock seemingly deemed appropriate. She wouldn’t say out loud why the chair had to be moved. She just couldn’t bear to look at his empty chair. It was johns chair.
“Yes... mmm!” Sherlock sighed, screwing his eyes shut.
“So tight... Jesus, you feel amazing...” He growls, his voice deep and rough.
“All is well here. We’re just happy to be talking to you.”
“Can you come over now?”
“Oh...?”
“Yes, it’s just... it’s all very real. I’m excited about it, though.” He says, reaching forward to grip my hand. “Just a little anxious.”
Sherlock looks up after a moment, a small smile appearing on his face when he spots me.
”Oh darling.”
“Mrs Watson, a word.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, What did you do this weekend?”
It was normal for John to come back to the flat to find Sherlock setting fire to something in the kitchenette.
“What are you in for?”
He flicks his eyes back to mine, a blush creeping on to his cheeks.
Sherlock didn’t question him further, and instead went to change out of her school uniform.
I pause for a moment, just getting used to the weight, adjusting my grip.
“Your father’s not home?”
John slowly pushed deeper into the slender teen’s body, enjoying the way that Sherlock’s body reacted to him.
Suddenly, the door to the dorms swings open. I pull away from him, and sit back under his desk, my heart thumping as panic sets in.
"Don't worry about that now. You're here with me, and you're safe."
“This is Sherlock. She’s my neighbour. She’s also twelve, so back off.”
Sherlock didn’t have time to react before he felt John crash their lips together, and pin him to the wall. He closed his eyes as he felt himself melting in to the kiss, but it was only briefly, as John pulled back a moment later, eyes closed, chest heaving. Sherlock just watched him in silence, waiting for his heart rate to return to normal, and just stared up at John from where he was trapped between his muscular arms.
I turn my attention back to John who’s eyes have screwed shut.
“That’s enough of that for now, don’t you think?”
John shot one final glare in the direction of the man before facing Sherlock again.
“Here.” She said once returning with the tea.
I think of John in his uniform, although the shirt is a little tighter, clinging to his developed muscles as I begin to pump my wrist up and down.
“Keep walking.”
In his dazed state, he still managed to attach his lips to johns, swiping his tongue along them, asking for entrance. John kissed him back with passion, thrusting his tongue in to Sherlock’s mouth with hunger. He was painfully hard between his legs, and he was in desperate need of release. Sherlock seemed to be following his train of thought when he spun them around, pushing John up against the wall.
John asks, crawling up behind me and squeezing my shoulders.
“It’s weird. I miss someone I’ve never met.”
He catches my eye almost immediately, and winks at me.
“Yes.”
It didn’t hurt as much now. It felt more bizarre than painful, like a sort of pressure.
Sherlock wasn’t sure what to do here. It was at this point in an argument where Mycroft would call him a worthless bundle of cells that could quite easily have been a cow instead of an irritating child. Sherlock would then say out of the two of them, Mycroft was clearly the cow, then their mother would come in, tell them to behave, and send them to their rooms. All three of them had failed to notice Mrs Watson and the doctor’s return to the room, and had witnessed quite a lot of the argument.
“What a good boy. So good for Daddy.” John panted after he caught his breath.
John age: 17
John thought for a moment in contemplation.
Her nanny, Mrs Hudson appeared at the playroom door, and held out her hand for Sherlock to go with her. She liked Mrs Hudson, so she was happy to oblige, and followed her into the kitchen. Mrs Holmes was bent over by the oven taking a pie out, which she then placed on a counter she knew Sherlock couldn’t reach.
I waste no time in excusing myself for ‘an important phone call’ and following in Sherlock’s footsteps to the break room.
John grinned, and rolled his eyes before shuffling past Sherlock to take off his coat and bag.
“John. John.” A persistent Sherlock said, tapping his companion on the arm.
I frown.
“Might as well get up then.” Sherlock murmured.
Greg swallowed nervously.
“It’s why you hate them when you’re sober! Drink!” Rosie shouted, handing the couple each a shot.
“I guess I wanted to keep her all to myself.” He said dryly, tugging his lips in to a smug smile.
“Because I can’t stand to look at such a dirty little slut.” John growled.
“No thank you, Mrs Watson.”
John placed his hands on Sherlock’s knees, and rested his weight on them so he could lean down to kiss him.
“I should probably go back.” He sighs after a moment.
“If one was to tear a hole in a net, there would be fewer holes. Im sure the same principle applies to tea strainers.” She stated, not really aiming this fact at John.
Sorry this is short. Enjoy though!
3rd of July 1917
“Hello.”
I hardly slept last night, but after another necessary masturbation session, I eventually managed to get some sleep.
Sherlock nodded his head bashfully, a flirty smile tugging at his lips.
Sherlock felt his insides go all squishy, and his knees go weak when John smiled at him. He hated it. He returned the smile, then continued down the corridor with John following close behind.
“You’re welcome.”
4th of September 1912
“I’m sorry about that.” John chuckled.
John chortled and shook his head.
I rest my head on johns shoulder whilst he circles his thumb on the back of my hand and my wrist.
“Yeah... just a bit.”
The others all chuckled weekly, then winced in pain.
“Well, at least I only have two. Spiders have eight. Why do they need so many? What’s up with that?” Sherlock garbled incredulously.
"You're going to the police?"
I am amazed at how bold a gesture this is. He seems to be very comfortable with me now, so maybe... maybe he’s ready for more?
Johnathan squirmed about in his blanket and wrinkled his face up.
“Yes, because I was intending on obtaining sex, but why does that-“
“I still think we aught to call the doctor.” Mycroft murmured as she sat down beside Sherlock.
“I think you’re right.” He says quietly, his lips barely apart from mine.
His eyes we’re screwed shut, and his face was all wrinkly. Being blasted through the birth canal will do that to you.
Yellow telegrams sometimes said someone was missing. More likely they said someone was dead. And sometimes that someone who’s missing ends up dead.
John gently cupped his chin, and tilted his head till they were eye to eye.
The two of them had spoken of children, and without venturing into topics that were too personal, of how those children should be allowed to grow into adults of their own choosing. Sherlock had commented on the interests he perceived in the young people who scampered by, and Mycroft had made an additional note or two. Even John was mentioned again by Mycroft, who seemed to find endless amusement in embarrassing Sherlock with innocent comments on the servant’s obvious nurturing ability.
“Too much has been illuminated,” he remarked, lowering his voice. “In fact, you could say that the light has given out, and a new kind of darkness has fallen.”
LESTRADE
Excuse me, but how do you know that I am a doctor?
WATSON
LESTRADE
Sherlock looked at the king with rapt interest. “What is it?”
What I mean to say is, your eyes are far from soulless, and that hardly matters anyway, because there is more to a man than a part of his body, wouldn’t you agree?
“Of course,” Lestrade replied. “Where will you be?”
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
“An angel who doesn’t believe in God?” John sounded sceptical, but his voice was low with want that Sherlock ached to satisfy.
“What?”
“A fitting name,” Mycroft murmured with a grin. Sherlock rolled his eyes. As if he had heard the action, Mycroft continued, leaning nonchalantly on his umbrella, “She must make your household a busy place, I’m sure. The same will soon happen in my household. My brother,” Mycroft nodded in Sherlock’s direction, “he is an expecting parent himself, you see. It will be his first.”
I was certain that Bertie hadn’t given away my secret, but if Jeeves was half as brilliant as Bertie made him out to be, maybe I shouldn’t have been so surprised that he figured something out.
John sat down on his own bed, but he didn’t settle himself in. He was left bewildered by what had just happened, and what he himself felt. Confused most of all about what it was that William wanted, he watched the form of his master trying to fall asleep.
He was supposed to be making King William feel better. The hopes he carried of comforting his master could never be satisfied if he could not alleviate his lord’s shame. But the king seemed so furious, and John could think of nothing that would make up for his own insensitive outburst.
“He didn’t ask for you specifically,” Lestrade said, “but you match the description of the type he needs very well. His Highness would like a personal servant, one who can defend him with arms, and care for him in sickness if necessary. You were a soldier, and you still work for your father, don’t you?”
How would Mummy feel if she heard you say that?
The last thing John felt before he fell asleep was William’s muffled cry against John’s shoulder and a hot, loving release coating the devoted servant between his thighs.
“My brother officially took over Father’s rule when he was twenty-two years of age, and I was fifteen. Our training for nobility began even earlier than that. Our childish pastimes had to be abandoned. As I am now twenty-eight, I can say that, yes, it has been some time.”
One could easily have called him vain for showing off his skills with the bow and arrow to his cherished servant. He liked to think that he wasn’t normally a vain person. Ordinarily, he would be as humble as any gallant king, yet when Sherlock looked at him in awe, he couldn’t bring himself to care about modesty. Sherlock affected him so strongly in so many ways.
Sherlock’s eyes grew wide when he saw the objects.
“You served in the war, didn’t you?”
MYCROFT
As soon as the best rooms that this village had to offer had been acquired for King John to use for the duration of their stay, the king brought his servant to the grand library. The beauty of the building up close left Sherlock speechless. Majestic columns marked the imposing entrance, and inside, hallways seemed to stretch on for miles, with rows of books filling each wall. It was evident from the wide variety of dress and appearance of the people in the library that scholars and wanderers came from many different parts of the world to visit this trove of knowledge.
There was also a separate room nearby for Sherlock, if he wanted it. A much humbler room, the place had been used by the king’s previous maid. She hadn’t been the cherished, beloved kind of maid that Sherlock was to John. She had simply cleaned and cooked and so forth.
Well, why not? This story was a fairy tale. Sherlock could be part of a fairy tale, too. Maybe there really was magic in the world, which he could use to give a baby to King John. Or possibly, there was some secret of science out there, which would help him in that duty. He could pray for a baby, something he had seen some women do. Somehow, he would find a way.
“You don’t need to do anything.” The king gave him an understanding smile. “You aren’t experienced in these matters, are you, Sherlock?”
“It is nothing, pay it no mind.” Almost helplessly, William added quietly, “May I keep holding you?”
SHERLOCK
“Almost, Sherlock.” There was a deep, shuddering breath from John. “Damn, I can’t believe I’m really doing this…”
Mycroft’s attention was on him again. They had always been taught that stories, folk tales any anything of the kind was all foolish nonsense.
Suddenly, Lestrade brightened. “You know, it does lift his spirits when he gets to talk about fashion. It is a hobby of his. The finer points of it, the little details that nobody else sees, you know, he can lose himself in the topic! John, I’ll let you in, but if he does not wish to speak with you, then you will need to leave. And, ahem,” the priest cleared his throat, “it would be a good idea not to mention that you work for King William.”
There was a tender look on Sherlock’s face as his dazed, slightly damp eyes found John, and the corners of his lips diffidently turned up in an endearing smile.
“So I do not believe these things as you do,” Sherlock said dismissively. “That has hardly any bearing on what you believe. I respect your views.”
I’m glad to hear that. Is there anything I can do to help your brother?
The king wasn’t sure what to think of that. “I told you, you don’t have to do anything for my sake.”
For a moment, Sherlock only blinked at John. Then, in a perplexed tone, he said, “I must admit, sir, it’s a surprise to hear you say that. The common kind of music is surely not the noble kind, sir, not the kind with hours of instruction and study. Not to mention, the superior instruments used by the noblest of musicians are very different from those of the common people, are they not?”
John loved the excitement his servant shared with him, but just as much, he loved Sherlock’s innocence. Perhaps most of all, the king loved to be the one to protect him.
Sherlock didn’t sound bitter about it. He sounded accepting, resigned, and that made it all the worse.
That is for the best.
“I said
John mentally chided himself, for he had really not wished to wake William. “I’m sorry. You can go back to sleep now, sir, I merely mean to rise and return your bed to you.”
Bertie shrugged. “What can I do?”
Lulled by his long day, John fell asleep quickly. It was so deep a slumber that he did not stir, even when, a few hours later, a hand gently pulled up the blanket to cover John’s shoulder, wordlessly wishing him a good night.
There was nothing Sherlock wanted more than to belong to this great king. How grand it would have been, if King John could have kissed him in that alehouse, in front of everyone who was there. Then everyone would have known that he was King John’s. But he was grateful to have the kisses of King John however he could get them.
Oh, God, does that make me even worse? Lord have mercy, your features are handsome indeed. Or, is it because your manner is so pleasing? You’ve got a proper way of talking, of moving, you know? Lord in heaven, I’m digging my own grave now. Oh, what is wrong with me? First a chap I only know through letters, and now a black man too? There is something terribly off with me. Maybe you should report me after all.
When you’re prepared to stake the family name that a thing is a cert, it gives pause to see the hopes come crashing down into a pile of little pieces, like a vase against the floor, though in this case, it was less of a loud crash and more of a tense-ish silence, the kind you’d get when the vase and the floor fall short of actually hitting each other, though the vase observed the floor could be said to be stuck-up and manipulative, and the floor noted that the vase might be described as mercurial and impetuous.
Sherlock, you’re not thinking of…! Oh, how absurd.
I have a client coming round this evening. I suppose there would not be any harm in letting you observe the proceedings. You will see that I am self-sufficient, and can relay as much with great sincerity to my brother.
Yet there’s plenty of time before anything like that could happen, and I was happy to take all the time in the world to get to know Sherlock better.
“Do you want to see the forest, Sherlock?”
Sheepishly, John turned to Sherlock. “I should have left what I found alone. I was just worried for Father Lestrade. I underestimated your brother, too.”
“Of course, Sherlock, of course.” John took a deep, shuddering breath, trying to make himself wait, to give Sherlock all the time he needed. “Believe me, I’ll love anything you do.”
I think I should like to consider myself your partner, as well.
John undressed himself completely, and directed Sherlock to take off only his socks and underclothing. Sherlock was adorably shy as John guided him to lie down on the bed still wearing his maid’s clothing. It looked so lovely on Sherlock.
“I think it’s a fantastic trait. Why shouldn’t you be brilliant? A brilliant servant for a brilliant king, right?”
WATSON
dancing! What kind of research, then?
He had John’s support to be his true self.
John longed to console his master, but he could do nothing other than keep himself from saying anything more that would make William unhappy.
WATSON
Sherlock, as usual, was fascinated by what they saw. One of the pieces especially seemed to catch Sherlock’s attention.
SHERLOCK
. Forget every word.
The close proximity, the heat and safety of the king’s body over his, made Sherlock’s breath catch in his throat.
“Sherlock…” John thought of the enchanting man who bantered with him in the pews, offering insights with his sharp wit, perceiving all that John had done by the dirt on his shoes.
MYCROFT
“Jeeves, hold on!” I advised.
The melodic sound of lutes and other instruments floated through the air. Paintings with bright hues and flowing shapes were on display. Artisans showed off their unique wares to the discerning nobles and lively commoners alike that strolled from one booth to the next and commented on what they saw with unreserved opinions.
If there weren’t so many people around, John would hold his servant close and tell him that it was okay to tell his master the truth. In this crowded place, however, he had to keep his manner appropriate.
John whispered, “Thank you, sir.”
“Me?”
Mycroft? I wonder if he is right. Did Lestrade have doubts after all? He seemed quite interested, but then, so did Watson, and now he is anything but. Have I miscalculated?
LESTRADE
Jeeves nodded, and I took the seat to his left.
SHERLOCK
“You’re too good for me, Sherlock.”
“Not a very compelling argument. I don’t need any reminders of your sordid affairs.”
Eventually, they would have to return to the castle and see to their daily tasks; for now, however, surrounded by memories of the past, hopes for the future, and the sweetness of the present, they were in no hurry to leave the royal caravan.
Hello, Mr. Holmes.
Sherlock felt a similar craving in himself for the lips of his magnificent king. He looked at those lips, which were surrounded by the coarse, handsome stubble of the king’s face, and swallowed. “You can kiss me, sir,” he said, with his own humble kind of whisper.
Feeling his servant handle him so gently this way, Sherlock felt something needy drop low in his stomach.
Amazingly, after the briefest of hesitation, Sherlock did so, to John’s right, and opposite Jeeves.
MYCROFT
Full of determination, John returned to the training ring, ready to face the next trainee.
John shifted on his feet uncertainly. “You think this is a good idea?”
Shuddering, Sherlock cried, “Oh, sir!”
John should have been insulted over the mockery of his religion, but no one had ever gifted him with this much lively attention. He could do naught but grin childishly. “How kind of you to worry for my prayers when you have so little faith in their purpose.”
“You cared for me, John, when I needed you most,” William said softly.
“Please, tell me what it is, sir.”
In any case, William comprehended the implication of Lestrade had said, though the king could not fathom why Lestrade had wasted his time in Montgomery’s presence. “You were in
King John placed the bonnet aside as gently as if it were a piece of treasure. “If only you knew the night I’ve had, Sherlock.” He faced Sherlock again, looking down at the timid servant who now lied on the king’s bed. The king leaned over his servant. “I’ve been kept up with thoughts of you.”
LESTRADE
John smiled. “I imagine that explains why Father Lestrade was so understanding about us.”
“Okay. Yeah. Well, you don’t have anything to be worried about, right? Pharaohs have nice afterlives, don’t they?”
“Oh, don’t think it charitable that you should be given new clothes. It is imperative that the attendant of someone in my position should be dressed for the job.”
“I think he will be.” Really, their case was nothing very different from what King William had admitted in confession in times past. “In any case,” William added with a touch of amusement, “the cross might make a fair inducement.”
“Did he become unwell? He might have been too ill to rule.”
“Um…” John bowed his head subserviently. “I… I really shouldn’t…”
SHERLOCK
LESTRADE
Once I remembered who Mr. Wooster was, I couldn’t help but think that I hadn’t been that helpful. If anything, it was Bertie who was doing a lot to help me cope with my own unhappy situation. That was why he had starting sitting with me, to begin with.
SHERLOCK
He pondered about the mysteries he had been told, but more than anything, his mind was occupied by the inappropriate scenes that it had conjured moments previously. He thought of John, and how he might take him to bed. Of all the ways he could share his love for John, how many would his servant allow?
“I know, the silver is truly too plain,” Bertie lamented, “but Jeeves—my man, you know—was adamantly against the red.”
“S-Sir…?”
“I am not.”
John smiled, embarrassed. It was as adorable as it was enticing.
“S-Sir,” Sherlock stammered in an endearing way, his gaze darting between John’s hand and face. “You mean…? Like what you did for me that one time, in the caravan?”
“But there is something agreeable about seeing that sheath on your belt,” William said quietly.
“My dearest,” the king’s voice dropped to a quieter level, “do you know of a man loving a man… in a certain physical sense?”
John’s eyebrows rose in surprise at the turn in subject. Then, the man took a deep breath. “Okay. You’re thinking about the afterlife.”
John took a deep breath, calming the intensity of his feelings somewhat. Sherlock probably needed a respite after doing what he had just done. The king had to be a charming, chivalrous, patient master for his servant.
The impact of those words crashed down brutally upon Sherlock. He had been too selfish after all. The ruse that had brought John into his castle, the fabricated need for a servant, kept John from being free with him. Just then, being in this grand dressing room, more fit for a noble family than just one individual, weighed too heavily on Sherlock’s conscience. He grasped John’s hand, and guided his servant into the main bedroom.
“It’s keeping you from sleep, sir. I can help you.”
Indeed they are. And one of them was used in a murder.
I do not need his help.
MYCROFT
Ah… Well… Then you can see that I do not need your help. I require no helper.
Did the king think that Sherlock was not adequate for this duty, because of his inexperience? Panic flooded Sherlock’s system. “I-I can do this, sir! Please, continue! I want you to, please!”
Ah! I see what you mean, Holmes. It’s not my division, is it?
William shot him a questioning glance. “John?”
“Oh,” the handsome king moaned, rocking himself in Sherlock’s hands, which remained firmly under his master’s control. “Oh, yes. Stay just like that, Sherlock. You’re doing so well.”
His master pulled up Sherlock’s sleeping gown, and then started inching down his servant’s underpants. Bared under the king, Sherlock felt vulnerable and safe at the same time. He was exposed, yet he was exposed to his protector, his valiant king.
LESTRADE
“No? But I am ready,” Sherlock said. He sounded frightened. “You do want me, don’t you?”
“Sir, I would be pleased to do so. When I said that I missed you, I meant it in many ways.” Sherlock clasped his hands together shyly. “I liked it when you held me in your bed in the caravan, sir.”
John shrugged. He had enough to think about without bothering with every last detail of castle affairs. “What could be so important?”
“I, um, all right.”
And I want you to know that you can tell me anything. Mr. Holmes.
But Mycroft had told him about that, not Montgomery, so it had to be true! “What makes you say that?”
LESTRADE
“A friend?”
As if it did not matter that Sherlock was still clothed, John respectfully took one of Sherlock’s wrists, and bound the compliant hand to one of the slats of the bed’s large headboard.
“He’s been in the news now and then. He’s a detective, sort of. I work with him sometimes.”
“Yes, good. Lestrade, consider my previous orders delayed. You will stand here and model the cloak. John, you may return later for your measurements.”
For now, he wanted to appreciate the time they had left in the caravan, sitting side by side and watching the world pass by.
It seems to me like the most natural thing in the world.
While he thought of his master, John heard the grand doors of the chapel open and close. Resolving to return his attention to prayer, he ignored the newcomer.
He knows that a shameful secret is bothering me. I will need to come up with some story to hide my feelings for him. At least then, I can stay by his side, be his constant friend and companion, and, if the Lord is kind….
“I want you to be with me, forever, John.” Sherlock had an urge to reach out and touch John’s face, though the belts prevented it, which only made other urges flourish. “I love you.”
William donned his tall boots. “You must have mentioned it. Now come, John, I have need for some fresh air.”
“Yes, sir.” Sherlock hoped that the king didn’t judge him too severely for not having many fine things to bring.
As he had many times before, John led the way to the inn and acquired such a room. It was a place that John had stayed in before, having journeyed through this city a number of times. Looking around at the furnishings and finally settling his gaze on his loyal servant, John decided that the room had never felt more comfortable than it did when Sherlock was there.
MYCROFT
“Are you finished yet?”
Greetings, friend Watson!
Stuffed with thoughts of what life would be like being on kissing terms with Jeeves, I was grinning like my face needed the exercise when I oozed into the restaurant, and my beam was made all the brighter as I spotted Jeeves, who had set up shop at a square table for four. A waiter was sauntering away, having just received his orders from Jeeves, who somehow knew what all four of us wanted.
“My kind John,” William breathed, his voice deep and longing, “I need you, I need you, I’m so sorry, I’ll make this up to you, I promise.”
“Sir… I, um…”
Lifting himself up onto his elbow, John helped Sherlock onto his back, and with the servant’s permission, he lightly palmed Sherlock inside his breeches. He deeply appreciated how Sherlock shuddered on the sheets as he was touched by his master.
Bashfulness lowered Sherlock’s voice. “Of course. You do have excellent self-control. You are a competent, capable lover…”
“This is ridiculous,” I muttered. “This isn’t the eighteenth century. If you two like each other, then who cares?”
John reached for the tall bottle and set it next to himself. “Is that what you would enjoy, sir?”
Sherlock spread his legs wider, gasping and writhing as the king thrust harder against his slim body. He longed to be filled with King John’s seed, so that he might give his master the child he wanted. His soul was filled with prayer, to whatever gods might be watching, that he might be so blessed.
“I had supposed it was because of my past confessions.” Sherlock kissed John on the cheek, which had the joyous effect of making John blush happily. “Long ago, I confessed to him that I had fallen in love with another man in the war.” Fondly, Sherlock tapped a finger on John’s chest.
MYCROFT
“Thank you, sir.” Sherlock still fidgeted from some unknown discomfort. “May I, um,” he said quickly, “Is there anything I can do for you?”
I’d like to be. I’m sorry; I do want to see Mr. Holmes, a little desperately if I’m being honest, but I shouldn’t have been so short with you just now. My name is Lestrade. I’m an inspector for Scotland Yard… but I’m not here in that capacity. You work for Mr. Holmes, then?
The world was much too frightening a place without King John. He did not want to impose on King John’s time to himself, but Sherlock could not bear to be alone outside any longer. Shivering from more than cold, Sherlock lit a candle of beeswax in the flames, and then put out the fire, watching his steps under the light of the candle as he returned to the caravan. He tried to be unobtrusive as he quietly opened the door and stepped into the vehicle, closing the door behind him as he entered.
Shaking his head and attempting to clear himself of foolish longings, John left, Prince Montgomery marking a string around a sheepish but pleased Father Lestrade behind him.
“You won’t ever have to find a new employer here.” John kissed the top of Sherlock’s hair, relishing the soft feel of his servant’s dark curls as Sherlock hummed appreciatively.
WATSON
“You washed your hands thoroughly, but you missed the area above your wrist. I can smell newly applied wood stain, and I see where it smudged.” Sherlock nodded at his conclusion. “You’re making furniture.”
“Don’t be shy, Sherlock.” All it took was for John’s hand to rest on Sherlock’s ache to make his servant whimper. “That’s it, make music for me.”
“Come again?” I asked.
John approached the bed without thinking, every nerve in his body demanding to be closer to Sherlock. “I can’t take my eyes off you.”
His dear attendant was such a kind man. “Do you know where I may find Lestrade?”
SHERLOCK
Afterward, John found the small wooden horse in the medical bag he had left by his patient. It had been a wonderful gift.
“I didn’t mean to eavesdrop on them, sir. But there weren’t any other sounds and… they were loud, and I…”
In the temple, he had been taken by his master from behind, but now he was looking at King John’s face. Sherlock could clearly observe all the authority and desire in those rugged, attractive features.
SHERLOCK
John was touched by how generous his master was. William did not have John’s bed removed, allowing John to keep to himself if he wished, but William also allowed John to join in the larger bed, which was the servant’s preferred option every night.
“In any case, we’ll be on the road for a long while, and there will be plenty of time for you to learn. I’ll teach you how to do it.”
“You don’t have to be afraid of the others in the convoy, either. I know many of those with us.” This seemed logical, though Sherlock had not entirely expected it, as the king seemed to spend little time with the occupants of the other caravans. “In any case, if they don’t help you if and when you need it, Sherlock, they’ll have to answer to me.” The king’s voice dropped to a lower register. “That’s something they don’t want.”
“Sherlock.”
I said this more loudly than I intended, and a couple of people next to us looked our way for a moment. Embarrassed, I adjusted my shirt, and lowered my voice, grumbling a bit.
With great care, John grasped Sherlock’s ache, causing Sherlock to push instinctively into John’s hand. In no hurry, John stroked Sherlock, making that part of Sherlock heavier and hotter.
“Is this seat taken?”
“Can I touch you, sir?” asked Sherlock.
“No more than you!” Somewhere between the hall and these chairs, Lestrade must have forgotten that William was the priest’s sovereign. “Do you even know of the work Prince Montgomery still does for this land? Sorting through the trade records, accounting for the army’s expenses, all that rot. He plants himself behind his desk and does all the little things that are too boring for you to do.”
Sherlock nodded, though he did so a bit uneasily. The idea of directing that spirited animal was more than a little frightening to Sherlock. He would much rather let King John steer the beast. Nonetheless, he did not want to fail his master, and it would surely be a failure on his part if the king had to drive the caravan for the entire journey.
“Oh,” John exclaimed, surprised, but quickly moving to be next to his servant.
killing me.”
In truth, John knew that he could speak to Sherlock in a lowered voice, but in any case, he did not want to bother his dear servant, who glanced at the tall trees and dense bushes all around them with amazement. It was likely that Sherlock had never seen a forest like this one before. The two of them could talk about important matters later.
WATSON
It seemed that the impressive show of courage was already at an end, however. Sherlock could go no further. He almost touched John’s knees, but he faltered. “Can you help me undress you, sir?” Sherlock asked, apparently not bold enough to do it all on his own. “I don’t want to do anything wrong.”
Sherlock could not sleep. It was impossible to sleep when there was palpable emptiness inside him. All he could think about was King John, the handsome man who had conquered his opponents in the tournament, the gallant man who had been incredibly generous to his servant.
This lavish vehicle, this place worthy of dreams, was like an elegant little home for the two of them to share, and now inside of it, King John was joining intimately with Sherlock on the bed, as if they were married.
“Well, sir, they said that we have entered your kingdom.”
MYCROFT
He quickly returned to William, who seemed pleased with the weapon John had chosen. “There’s my soldier,” William murmured, with more than a hint of appreciation.
“I would like that, sir,” Sherlock replied, with absolutely honesty.
Why is that unexpected? Because I can’t see?
William cried out, overwhelmed by making love to John this way, rubbing his beloved John with each thrust. He was captivated by John’s heat, of the understated strength of his legs.
SHERLOCK
“Oh, don’t worry over it. You’re always perfect, old paragon of mine.”
“Even if nobody else will know it?”
When Sherlock stared with curiosity at the mash being poured into the barrel and pressed, John found himself fascinated as well. Never before had the production of apple cider been so interesting.
As he slid a cloth along yet another blade, Sherlock couldn’t help but recall how the king had magnanimously clasped the arm of each of his opponents in the archery contest. This was something Sherlock had seen the king do in the sword-fighting contest, as well, which took place some days after the tests of archery. The king had looked glorious in combat, wearing shining armour and wielding a heavy sword. After the king had knocked his enemy to the ground, he had helped the fallen opponent to his feet, and acknowledged a battle well fought with a nod of his head.
SHERLOCK
Once the king had left to see to his business with the mayor, Sherlock knew that he would not be asking any of the library keepers for help. He feared that they would think he was a lowly, inept servant who could not possibly be fit to serve a splendid individual like King John. They would be right, but Sherlock still preferred not to be judged that way by strangers.
WATSON (V.O.)
What?
“You feel nice,” John assured him softly, though it only seemed to make William’s heavy breaths even shakier. Possibly to keep himself from being much louder, William kissed John’s neck with an almost hungry desire, and it made John feel wanted and wonderful.
“That was remarkable,” John mumbled, nerves electrified by the close proximity of the refined gentleman who was still holding on to his arm. Sherlock was always so intelligent and capable.
SHERLOCK
This request appeared to puzzle Sherlock, but he did as he was asked, placing the violin on a table.
“Hmm.”
Eventually, the convoy stopped to rest, at a fresh stream that John was familiar with. There was also grass for the horses to eat. It was not yet midday, but this was the best place to rest for the night, so the members of their convoy quickly made themselves comfortable.
Then John placed the bottle to the side of Sherlock’s pillow, leaving it there. Oh, Sherlock was utterly devoted to this man.
In fact, Sherlock was more confused than mortified. “Is there a difference?” he asked slowly. Given Mycroft’s humorous tone but no obvious reason for it, it seemed that Sherlock was missing something. Then again, he was uncertain if he should be asking at all.
John was so aroused and desperate that he lost his voice. William’s hand rubbed him with long and steady strokes.
John lost himself in watching his bewitching servant enjoy the activity, though he came back to reality when Sherlock approached him, having collected many apples. “The basket is heavy now,” his servant said meekly. “We can go back.”
You would learn Braille for me? You need not, you realise. As far as I’m concerned, you only live with me to keep my brother from trying to meddle further.
SHERLOCK
William had never been kind about Montgomery’s failure to head into battle during the war. “That quarrel is behind us,” Sherlock said.
John was moved by his servant’s innocence. “Only a harsh man would want to keep you like I do. Isn’t it harsh of me, to want to keep you?”
“It’s very nice,” I told Bertie. “It must cost a fortune.”
“Don’t you have a sister, John?”
“That letter m-meant,” there was a charming stutter from John as Sherlock passionately kiss his jaw, “that much to you, Sherlock?”
SHERLOCK
“It’s all right, Sherlock. You’re safe here. Everything will be all right. Go on, dress for bed, now.”
“Your Majesty,” Sherlock whispered. “Are you awake?”
“I, um…” The servant struggled to form words.
Perhaps it was true that the clothes were not enough to change the fact that he was a commoner. Or it was possible that all the fine silks surrounding him—he used William’s grand dressing room to clothe himself—diminished the improvement of his own clothing.
“I’m not sure how to say it.” After taking a moment, apparently to consider his words, Sherlock shook his head. “There is no good way to say it. I’m failing you, sir. I should be able to sire your children for you. It is my failure that necessitates this plan.”
a first name.”
“Oh, it means the study of how certain materials differ from other materials, and how they interact with each other. Like how you mix different things together when you cook, for example, and why things change when you heat them.”
WATSON
“You don’t need to decide so soon. I brought gifts for you, John.”
You want to sit in my lap? Is that like that waltz scheme of yours? You want to make me think about who I really want to have in my lap instead?
“You’re doing so much for me right now.” Leaning over Sherlock, and admiring the blush that started to creep over his servant’s cheeks, John uttered, “though I’d also like a kiss, if you would like that as well, Sherlock.”
“I must be wrong. Sherlock should not exist,” Sherlock said ruefully. He pulled John into an embrace. “Do you know how awful it is when I give in to this side of me?”
William did not see why this was so important, but he nodded. He sat in his chair, directed Lestrade to take the other seat next to him, and waited.
“What are you carving?” Sherlock asked, stepping closer to where John was kneeling. As Sherlock had noticed, John was carving letters onto the stone with a dagger that he carried.
MYCROFT
SHERLOCK
Startled, John jumped and turned around quickly. In the dim light, he could make out the silhouette of a man sitting upright on the large bed, pulling aside the curtain. “M’lord?” John managed to say.
“I don’t know what I will do when this tournament is over. Few people want to hire me, sir. I’m not a desirable servant.”
That was an unexpected question. John hadn’t considered any of the paintings that much. Like Sherlock had, John glanced around the gallery of paintings, though he gave up on it when his eyes came across the pretty servant with curly hair and sparkling eyes. “It’s hard to think much of any of them,” John admitted, “when I can just look at you.”
“For you? Yes, Sherlock.” John caressed his servant again. Sherlock was trembling less now, though his eyes were as wide and innocent as ever, and there was no mistaking the evidence of his arousal. “Do you still want to be mine?”
As William slowly recovered his wits, he reached for John.
Sherlock was reluctant to ask for more details, but that didn’t make any sense. Males weren’t built that way. Unless… “Is one of you deformed?”
When John looked back up at him, the corners of his eyes wet with restrained tears, there was a fond pang in Sherlock’s chest.
“Is there something you need?” asked William.
I have long wondered what your eyes look like, Holmes.
“I’m writing our names here,” John answered. Being almost done, he stepped back and let Sherlock look at the carving.
LESTRADE
‘It’s strange, Mr. Holmes, but I find it easier to tell you of what troubles me than to tell my friends and family. I hope we’ve come to be friends.’
LESTRADE
WATSON
“That’s enough, Lestrade!” Sherlock didn’t care to use the man’s title at this point; he just needed Lestrade out of the room. “We’re finished here!”
There was nobody who knew better than John not to expect anything in return.
“Very well.” Fortunately, the king did not seem bothered. He placed the bag with Sherlock’s belongings in one of the cabinets. “We’ll be departing soon. I hope you’re ready.”
Partner?
There was only kindness in Sherlock’s voice. “My dear John.” Though he could hardly believe it, John felt long fingers calmly, slowly stroking his upper back. “Does William hold you with this much affection? Does he tell you how important it is that you exist?”
Yes. You can call me… Peterson. What is the nature of the urgent business you have with Mr. Holmes, sir?
“To another body, I suppose.” Abruptly, Sherlock sat upright on the bed. “That’s it! John, you’re a genius!”
WATSON (V.O.)
In fact, it was his very eager attendant who approached him.
“I require Lestrade.”
“Dr. Watson.”
This pained Sherlock even more. “Do you have to ask?”
Sherlock let himself sink into the warmth of his king.
LESTRADE
“Fine. John told me something recently, something I had never expected to hear him say, and I suspect that you are to blame.” He leaned forward, and his voice dropped a little further. “We start with John,” he said, more quickly. “John has feelings for me, but thinks them unrequited; he hides these feelings in this café; you find him here and keep him company; you share the predicament of your own love interest; John encourages the two of you to confess to each other; you two encourage John to confess his own feelings.”
