The paramedic seemed momentarily frozen by Tony’s probably intense stare, then asked. “Excuse me, who are you, Sir?”
Steve peers into the cage, curious at first, then his face softens into the expression he usually wears when Tony falls asleep on him during movie night. The two creatures are curled up together on a pillow inside the cage, but the Iron Man storelska has lifted its top half to look up at Steve, displaying the tiny blue button representing the arc reactor. Natasha could not possibly have planned its timing any better, and she mentally thanks the animal for playing along so perfectly as she sees Steve’s heart melt even more.
Steve kisses Tony’s forehead, wet with sweat from their extended love-making. “I love you,” he whispers.
Steve loved working the overnight shift at the coffee shop. For the most part, it was quiet, and he could sketch when he wasn't helping the infrequent customers, cleaning counters, or mopping the floor. Sure, sometimes drunk college students came in after the bars closed, but if they got rowdy Steve’s disapproving lecture usually calmed them down, and if that didn’t work, he had the necessary stature to restrain or remove the more physical offenders. But that wasn’t the norm, and most of the late night customers sat quietly while working or studying.
Now he hoped it wasn’t too damaged from the trip. Reaching into his pocket, he was happy to see the petals remained intact, just as beautiful as before.
He hasn’t been outside in these storms, or even looked closely out the window, or checked the weather reports. So it’s when he steps out onto the roof that he first confirms that the rain seems localized, extending no more than a block or two in each direction, centered on Avengers Tower.
The mark reappeared for five days when he was eleven. He wasn’t sure how long it was there the third time--it was there when he found out his parents had been killed, and gone when he came out of a drunken stupor a few days later for the funeral.
Dad explained, “Your AI will help you with things like, I don’t know, warning you when you’re almost out of web fluid?”
Tony flew in the suit to a small apartment in Romania. Then he stepped out, had JARVIS stay on sentry mode in an alley nearby, and knocked on the door.
Tony had already known his boyfriend was the cutest guy in the world. Now that he’d seen this new side of him, Tony knew knew nothing and no one else in the universe could ever compare with this level of cuteness.
“What’s this?” He sets his book aside and takes the bottle. He doesn’t recognize the alphabet or the image on the label.
,” Clint moaned, and Tony couldn’t help but grin, grateful the armor’s filtration systems weren’t allowing the apparently pungent smell through.
Right. That didn’t sound good, but if they didn’t want him to stop being Spider-Man, what could they want? “Which is?”
The man’s eyebrows are up, but he doesn’t look hurt. “No, that’s... that’s really fine, Steve, I’d rather know than make something you hate. What about... enchiladas?”
“To embarrass me,” Steve answers, only realizing he might be wrong when he sees Tony wince. “Why did you ask, then?”
“Okay.” Tony shoved the pillows between them to the floor, then turned to sit cross-legged on the couch facing him. “Are you--do you need help shifting to lie down?”
Tony refuses to let his eyes shut for longer than a blink, fighting the fatigue trying to take over. Sure, JARVIS could pilot the suit if he falls asleep, and he would continue the scans, but what if Tony’s eye catches something that the sensors don’t detect as anomalous?
Tony is looking at him with an expectant expression that’s slowly fading to blank, and Steve realizes he’s missed a question.
“You’re ridiculous, doll,” Bucky said. “But--I am going to murder anyone who tries to take you again. Let’s get you out of here, okay?”
Bucky tried to appear defeated, knowing he’d only get one shot at getting free. There were still so many goons around it was probably hopeless, but he had to try. Maybe he could at least get himself shot; he’d rather die than become a merciless killer again.
“Something like that. You haven’t seen...?” The man’s eyes moved from Bucky to Steve to the mechanical fish Steve was still clutching--that had now started squirming. “There you are, Dummy, you piece of flotsam, always getting yourself into trouble.” Was he talking to the robot fish?
Part of Tony had feared Steve was gearing up for a break-up.  Part of Tony had hoped Steve was trying to get the courage to--as ridiculous and premature as it would have been--propose.
“Okay...” Bucky said, looking around to see if there was a litter box anywhere nearby. The animal probably shouldn’t be left alone in the workshop regardless. There were dangerous... “That armor doesn’t have repulsors or anything, does it?” he asked warily.
He turned to his colleagues, quickly explained the situation, and then headed into the burning building with greater urgency than he’d ever had on this job.
Tony feels a surge of relief, and has to turn to look out the window so Jarvis doesn’t see the tears in his eyes.
Tony wouldn’t have known who the delicate lace angels had come from, if he hadn’t seen a patch of matching lace on the floor of Wanda’s room the day before before they appeared.
Later, he would recommend Tony analyze the armor’s footage of the woman so they could identify her and keep an eye on her activities, just in case. But for now she hadn’t technically done anything illegal, simply asked to meet him and then tried to use some obsolete brainwashing.
,” he said, eyes drifting down Bucky’s naked body, not seeming to care he was just as nude (and rather attractive himself, not that Bucky was looking). “Hello, handsome,” he said, “Fancy meeting another shifter out here. I’m Tony, and you are?”
“Hey, Dad, what’s up?” Peter asked as he entered the workshop, where JARVIS had summoned him. “Oh, hi, Pops...”
“Been trying to hide the fact that you’re ‘worthy’, huh?” Tony asks, raising his voice slightly to be heard over the rain, though it seems to be diminishing now that Steve isn’t channeling the lightning. (He wonders what determines whether rain joins the lightning and thunder, considering it’s not always raining when Thor is fighting, but decides that’s a question for another time.)
“Thought it was worth a try,” Steve answers in the same flippant tone. “Seems it might have its benefits.”
“What, you lived among humans for six months, and now, unlike all your buddies, you’ve seen the light and just want to protect us instead of take over?”
A few days later, Bucky was playing catch with DUM-E, watching the bot’s movement intently, though he probably should have been paying more attention to the path of the ball itself.
The blushing blond took his hand, giving a surprisingly hard squeeze back. “Steve Rogers. It’s nice to meet you, Tony. Thank you for freeing me.”
The meal is a little more awkward than usual, as people seem to avoid addressing Steve at all, presumably so they don’t accidentally let a question slip out that he wouldn’t want to answer. He appreciates it and resents it at the same time.
Steve’s smile softens at that as he sets her on her feet. “Yes, you are. And that’s a lovely dress you have there.” It’s a bright green and printed with little colorful test tubes and other science images, because of course Tony’s going to raise himself a genius.
Tony quickly adjusted the plum placements and turned back to Bucky, who was finally looking up at him.
Tony had considered going to church, confessing his sins before the duel. He rarely attended, but this was the kind of situation where even the least devout would hedge their bets for the hereafter.
“I know they are,” Steve said, and uh oh, that was his righteous face. “But now, so are we.” He grinned at Bucky and walked straight for the booth. Bucky sighed and followed.
Clint’s hands went up defensively, then his gaze darted to the basket--where the plums had shifted--and his eyes widened in shock. “Oh. Got it. All Bucky’s.” He looked over at the man still engrossed in his book on the couch. “Hey, Bookworm Barnes, might wanna pay attention to your boyfriend, here, and grab a plum.” Then he gave Tony a wink and a pat on the shoulder, and left the room.
Then he chucks it into a nearby trash bin and turns to a dark-skinned man smirking nearby. “Stop laughing at me, Platypus, and go buy me a new shirt before I get kicked out of here.” He points to a nearby shop that would probably enforce ‘no shirt, no shoes, no service’ faster than the park itself. “Get the cheesiest one you can find. Ooh, maybe they have one that says ‘My soulmate barfed on me at Coney Island and all I got was this lousy t-shirt’!”
Right. The actual reason he’s here is not to treat a powerful, practically all-knowing being as his personal therapist. “Yes, of course,” he says, and opens the briefcase.
” Tony demanded, stepping up into the now-crowded ambulance and pulling his son into a tight hug, then pulling back to look him over. In addition to the oxygen mask, Tony now saw a bandage on one hand, and some scratches on his arms. “Are you okay?” Before giving Peter a chance to answer, he turned to the paramedic. “Is he okay?”
Steve looks down, then raises just his eyes and god, Tony loves it when Steve looks through his lashes at him like that, and it’s even prettier with the tiny droplets of water on said lashes. “Maybe a little.” There’s a fond smile on his face.
Steve looked up from his ale. Since leaving the knighthood, he’d been wandering, not sure if he was looking for rest or a new sense of purpose, but figuring the former was more likely in this small town. The men, rowdy though they were, now had his curiosity piqued. “Sorry, give what a go?”
Steve turns to smile at Tony, as Morgan says firmly, “Mommy says we shouldn’t keep secrets, only surprises.”
The ice cream was quickly melting from Tony’s now reddening cheeks, but he nodded. Slowly, so Tony could pull away or stop him if he was freaked out, Bucky leaned in and, this time, licked at the purple streaks that still remained.
Tony’s tirade at JARVIS, Thor, and Clint (Bruce seems to have disappeared, surely wanting to avoid the argument potentially getting heated) slowly peters out as he finally notices his boyfriend communing with the offending animals. The “armored” one has now crawled up into Steve’s hand, and he brings it up to his face to touch their noses together.
“Well,” Jarvis says, clearing his throat, “I must inform you that you are not to use rockets in the direction of your classmates ever again, whatever the reason may be.” His voice is firm, but thankfully, not the disappointment Tony had feared. “Now, as you are not to be in school for the rest of the day, would you like to go get some ice cream?”
“He and Mommy are finishing something, he said I was supposed to ‘entertain’ you, so come on,” Morgan grabs his hand and starts pulling him to a little table set up out on the lawn.
He might’ve been particularly--what was the word Clint used, ‘hangry’?--when he’d said that, but it’s true soup is not his favorite, and Tony knows it. Unfortunately, biting into the burger had
Tony opens his eyes and his face relaxes, but Steve doesn’t feel any better--the expression reminds him of when Tony goes blank at particularly hurtful questions during a press conference. “Nothing, you can keep going.”
A couple times Tony half awoke when Steve was doing his check, but thankfully a murmured, “Shh, go back to sleep,” was enough to prevent him from waking more fully. Which was good, because the genius didn’t get enough sleep as it was, often working late into the night.
But the doctor thinks he’s out of the woods and that he’ll wake up within the next few hours, and the wound itself is bandaged, no stitches necessary. Steve thanks the doctor, doffs the suit jacket he’s still wearing, and sits down beside the bed. Thankfully the SHIELD security detail agree to wait outside the room to give them some privacy when there are no medical personnel checking on Tony’s vitals.
Steve wants to ask what happened, but figures the middle of Coney Island isn’t the time or place. Instead, he simply asks, “Is your heart okay?”
Tony leaned closer, his reflection doing the same. The eyes were now radiating a desperate hope, so Tony closed the distance and touched his lips to the mirror’s surface.
R’klin shook his head.  “I don’t expect to get out of here.  I don’t expect you to feel the same way for me, now that you know who--what I really am.”
“Tony.” Steve pulled his lover in close, kissing first his lips, then the spot on Tony’s arm where a transmitter apparently rested. “It’s wonderful. It’s a little over-the-top, but that’s
So he watched Tony with the others. Watched his exchanges with Clint during sparring bouts returning from bitterness to friendly banter. Watched his light-hearted bickering with Scott during movie night, his vehement agreement with Wanda over the ridiculousness of a plot hole.
“Yeah, but isn’t it more important for us to help Tony clean up?” Bucky grinned and reached out, using one finger to wipe away some of the purple ice cream from Tony’s face.
Seeing his boyfriend holding aloft the mythic weapon that supposedly only Thor could wield, channeling lightning and unleashing it on various targets he seems to have set up, is awe-inspiring. Honestly, it’s a little bit terrifying, but in a way that turns Tony on at the same time.
Tony had to admit to himself, even though he knew his boyfriend wouldn’t lie to him, he’d had trouble believing that Bucky was actually a real-life, actual werewolf...
He was just starting to tense up for his final chance before they got him in the chair, when he heard it.
Tony knew the green candy canes had to be from Rhodey, and knew from experience to avoid them. (Unlike Clint, who shouted in disgust when he discovered they were pickle-flavored.)
“I’m glad he did,” Steve says, and he hates that Tony looks surprised at that. Then Steve finds himself needing to ask, “You said, ‘not then’?”
Steve found himself obeying almost by rote, eventually making it to the room with the couch. Tony had apparently made it there and given Bucky the same commands, as the soldier was currently sitting up and removing his boots. Tony was at the fireplace, giving a joyous “Aha!” as the flame started to take hold, then disappearing from the room.
Steve’s grip on Tony’s hand tightens, though he stops himself before tightening enough to actually hurt Tony. “Who did this to you?”
Tony tensed as two muscular older kids took positions on either side of him, one grabbing his lunch bag from the table in front of him before he could see what Jarvis had packed him. The other slapped a heavy hand on his shoulder, holding him firmly on the uncomfortable cafeteria bench.
“It’s just a broken leg. They shouldn’t have even bothered with the cast, I’ll be healed by tomorrow.”
He’d been expecting reassurance from Tony, not anger, though letting it slip that Steve had gone with the spell intentionally probably didn’t help.
She waits, and soon he’s breathing normally again, tear tracks still streaking his face and making his eyes feel gummy.
He sees the relief he feels mirrored on Bucky’s face as he looks up at Tony from under the blanket. Steve is huddled practically in Bucky’s lap, face tucked into his chest, and doesn’t react to the sound of Tony’s voice.
Steve opens his mouth to agree, just to get out of the conversation, but instead what comes out is, “I’d rather not.”
The answer was expected, but shook something in Tony’s heart anyway.  He nodded.  “Okay.  So you just seduced me to keep me distracted, then, huh?”
Bruce sighs, takes off his glasses to clean them. “I know the feeling.” Steve suddenly remembers the moment on the helicarrier, shortly after he first met the man, when Bruce had confessed he’d actively tried to kill himself, but the Hulk had prevented it. “It’s not a good place to be, especially in our line of work.”
But then Tony looks at him and directly asks, “What’s another food we eat together that you really don’t like?”
Something occurs to Steve. “When you talked to the sorceress, did you happen to get an answer from her about how long this would last?”
“Because I care about you, and I don’t want you to feel how I used to, and I don’t want you to die.” Tony swallows, still not meeting his eyes.
“Mm-hmm...” Steve murmured, already starting to drift, not to sleep, but to a comfortable doze where the only things that existed were Tony’s fingers stroking his head.
This... this was Tony showing he loved Steve. Not just making the new suit for him, but understanding that continuing to fight with the team despite his current condition would be necessary to Steve’s emotional well-being. Not just knowing the maladies that had afflicted Steve before the serum, but accepting them and finding ways to work around them without preventing Steve from living his life.
“Good to hear, thanks, J.” Fortunately they’d gotten the docks cleared of civilians, so no need to worry about unknown individuals’ allergens.  Tony relayed the news to the team, “Nothing dangerous, you all will just have to deal with the smell until you can hit the showers.”
As he’s grunting through the pain of punishment, Maria repeats over and over, “I’m sorry. Thank you for trying. I’m sorry.”
Steve has to take a moment to come down from the high of finally getting to kiss Tony, of having Tony explicitly return his feelings. “Can you at least try not to get yourself hurt in the process?”
though they are alive, both of his lovers have trauma regarding cold like this. Sure, they’ve proven they can weather such elements better than unaugmented humans, but it’s going to be rough on them, both physically and emotionally.
He reluctantly lets go as Tony pulls back and moves to help the man slumped on the bench remove his own helmet.
The bot was holding a mug out, wheeling slowly toward Tony’s side of the bed. “Uh, hi, thank you,” Tony said, reaching out to take the proffered mug. It contained a steaming dark liquid that certainly smelled like Tony’s normal morning coffee. “Is this...?”
“Legend says you and Bucky Barnes were romantically involved.” (“...False.”) (The pause before that answer is... interesting.)
“Peter’s in there?” Steve asked, heart in his throat. At Ned’s frantic nod, Steve swallowed, looked at the building, then back to Ned. “Any idea where he’d be? Which floor? Front, back, side?”
“I wasn’t kidnapped, I was lost in a snowstorm. The dragon gave me shelter, then helped me find my way home the next morning.”
Figuring the setting just made it look different, he used a nearby mug as a vase and left it on the counter for Tony to find later.
Most surprising to Tony was a small holographic orb of a familiar pattern of lights. It was JARVIS’ neural pattern; FRIDAY had her own unique signature, so this ornament must have been crafted specifically for Tony’s former AI. Vision was sitting on the couch nearby chatting with Wanda, but when he noticed Tony’s eyes on him, Vision gave a quiet tilt of his head. Tony swallowed hard, touched by the creation.
After a short time, Bucky returned, looking a little relieved to see Tony still there. “Okay! I’m here, I’m not ignoring you, and I’m not choking or holding half-chewed plum. Let’s do this.”
“Fine,” Bucky said, rubbing a little at the sore spot on his head where the ball had hit. It wouldn’t even bruise, but he felt a little foolish that, as a trained supersoldier, he’d failed to avoid a projectile thrown in a simple game of catch.
“That’s fair. Same rules for us,” Natasha says, Clint and Bruce and Tony agree, and the game begins.
Bucky is whooping and cheering through the whole ride. Steve has to admit, the rush of wind is an exhilarating feeling, almost as thrilling as skydiving.
Thor says the spell is unlikely to hold longer than a day, but he’ll request assistance from his mother if it doesn’t fade in that time. Bruce checks him over just to be sure nothing is wrong from a medical standpoint.
Eventually Steve lowers the hammer, chest heaving with apparent exertion, and finally notices Tony. His eyes widen, then he grins his most adorable “aw, shucks, I’ve been caught” guilty grin.
“Thank you,” Tony said as they waited for their cones. “But I know your families don’t have that much, I could’ve paid for everybody.”
Bucky felt warm at the admission, as much as he wished Tony could take care of himself even when he wasn’t around. “Well, I’m here, now, and I’ll--whoa!” He started to turn his lover towards the door only to find something unexpected in his path.
“Legend says you made the Howling Commandos do fifty push-ups for swearing.” (“Partly true.”) (Steve adds, “It was only when they did it in front of kids. The punishment made the kids laugh, which was something a lot of them needed...”)
Jarvis’ eyebrows go up. “Not an activity one should be doing at school, certainly, but why were you concerned they would be in trouble for it?”
His mouth opens, then closes as he seems to reconsider what he’s going to say. Then, in a sudden rush, he blurts, “PepperandIaregettingadivorce.”
“I told you not to waste your life. Yet here you are, giving up.” Tony’s hallucination looks down at him in disappointment.
A thrill ran through Tony. He couldn’t wait to learn more about this incredible, complicated man. “Great!” he said. “How about I pick you up Friday at 7? I’ll even bring my own coat this time.”
“Sorry, Tony, I’ve got to head back. The ‘jet and I are almost on empty.” Clint’s voice through the coms is regretful but exhausted.
Steve is startled, not only by the words but the emotion behind them. “Wh--” he starts to ask a question, then stops himself, grateful the spell doesn’t force him to say everything he considers saying--forcing responses is bad enough. “I want to ask you something.”
Bucky abruptly pulled back from Tony, leaned out from behind their shelter, aimed into the branches of the tree from which the voice had come, and fired twice.
He doesn’t end up throwing up on Bucky. It’s worse. But... it’s also one of the best days of his life.
Pops placed a comforting hand on Dad’s shoulder, then told Peter, “That brings us to what we want from you.”
He clearly does, and James sees Tony’s eyes change as he reads it, from narrow in suspicion, to wide in surprise, to watery with barely contained tears.
Warnings for this chapter: Brief, interrupted suicide attempt (Bucky trying to escape Hydra). Also, canon character death (Tony’s parents).
That was why Tony had been so disturbingly blank around him. All his emotions toward Steve had been removed. In a surgery that could have killed him, but which saved his life.
Still, the fact that he can’t force himself to lie, even about something as small as how many fingers Bruce is holding up, makes it hard to deny.
They rolled their eyes, then put their arms around him as they headed for the bedroom. Missing their date wasn’t the worst thing, Tony thought, as long as he got to spend the night with his wonderful boyfriends.
Apparently the poison from the blade was actually a tranquilizer--but a tranquilizer meant to take down a supersoldier is still potentially deadly to an baseline human. Especially one who already has heart issues, like Tony.
Or maybe being furious with Steve had helped Tony make the decision to get the surgery he’d needed. Maybe it was better for him after all, because at least this way he was alive.
Tony wanted to say.  Except he could remember at least three times in the past month when Steve--well,
The Ancient One turns to look at him, and he forces himself to meet her eyes. “He made the decision. No one forced him?”
As he reached out to touch Tony’s arm, the genius jerked, startled, and would have fallen if Bucky hadn’t reached out to steady him.
.” Most of it is the fault of Tiberius Stone and some unknown one-night-stands who had probably just wanted bragging rights for bedding the famous Tony Stark. But, Steve acknowledges, it is his own fault as well. “I’m sorry I didn’t realize it sooner.”
Bucky always worried when he had to go on a radio-silence mission and couldn’t even call Tony for days or weeks.
” Peter demanded with the righteousness of a six-year-old who believes that some things, like playing in the snow, should be universally adored.
Bucky gave another huff, but this one seemed more amiably resigned, and he stepped forward, nuzzling Tony’s hand.
“Ooh,” Bucky said, eyes alighting on the fruit basket. “Plums! Ripe ones, too. Those look amazing, love!”
When Steve appears at 117A Bleecker Street, the ground seems to shift under him, and despite all the physical advantages the serum has given him, he falls to the floor.
“Come on, Papa! Uncle Clint and Aunt Tasha are already outside, an’ Daddy an’ me have our coats an’ hats an’ everything, an’ you don’t even have your
When Bruce turns to head to the kitchen, the others go back to the game. But Steve feels Tony’s eyes on him as he goes back to sketching.
Now, Steve smiled as he heard the laughs and shrieks of merriment from outside as he started a pot on the stove for good old-fashioned hot chocolate. After losing everything once, he knew how important it was to spend time with loved ones.
“Now, don’t freak out, doll. I may be a wolf, but I’m still me, and I promise I’m not gonna hurt you.”
Steve had agreed to come to this remote cabin in upstate New York for the holidays, because even though he didn’t like the cold, he appreciated getting away from it all with his found family--not just his husband and son, but the whole team, all of whom would eventually be joining them in the large multi-bedroom cabin.
“Yeah,” Bucky agrees, “If you’d rather we sleep in your bed, we can do that. We’ve just been used to sharing small beds since the ’30s.”
Bucky pauses, eyes narrowing. “I thought your heart was better after that surgery back when we were in high school? You’ve been
“You’re cute, you seem to be genuinely a good person, you’re stubborn as hell, it looked like you might be attracted to me, and you don’t care about my money. I don’t meet a lot of people who fit even a few of those criteria.” When the man’s shocked expression didn’t change, Tony added, “Or, I mean, you don’t have to accept the money or the date, I can just get out of your hair...” He started to turn toward the door.
“I know,” Tony said, pretty sure Steve still didn’t really know who he was. “But you deserve it, and I thought you might need it.”
“Plus, that game is designed in a way only people with superpowers or incredible luck are going to be able to win prizes,” Steve grumbled. “So we had to do something about that.”
“No, it won’t. Nothing will, unless we master time travel. But if there are little things we can do to make your life here more bearable, then I want to do them.”
Sam’s candy-cane-shaped gingerbread cookies, on the other hand, had all been eaten within hours of appearing on the tree.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief as they left, grateful not only that the bullies were leaving him alone, but that he wouldn’t have to watch two other kids get beat into the ground for trying to help him.
All that time getting rid of the triggers, and they were just going to reprogram him again. Use him against innocent people, his friends,
His friend’s expression was confused. “Stevie, he’s still like that. I was surprised when he offered to make me the new arm, but even more surprised by how he joked around with me while working on it. He’s hilarious, and kind of a jerk but... in a way that brings you in on the joke, ya know?”
Rhodes heart was pounding, seeing a way out of the destruction Tony had sought. “So can’t he just apologize?”
“Okay, first,” Tony says, seeming to wake up a bit, “‘Doll’ makes you sound like a 1920s gangster... but I think I like it, so feel free to keep saying that.”
But then Tony spotted the voice’s apparent owner--a short, skinny blond kid, tiny fists raised threateningly. “I said leave him alone,” the kid repeated.
Barnes gave him that haunted look again, but this time Rhodes thought there was a hint of frustration in it. “No.”
“Quinjet’s on its way, should be less than ten minutes,” Tony says. Then he takes a deep breath and steps out of the suit into the cold, moving to share his own body heat with his freezing boys. And, “J, toaster mode.”
“Are you here to kill me?” a quiet, husky voice asked. It was calm, curious, not accusing or fearful.
“I think we’re all okay, though,” Steve answered Tony’s question, his voice a little strangled as he apparently tried not to gag.
The attendant looked a little flummoxed, and Bucky figured he hasn’t seen someone get all the cans in one throw before. “No, uh, you’d have to pay again to try again,” he stammered, grabbing the hook to pull down the requested prize.
Tony’s heart was healthier than it had been in years, but Steve just could not convince himself of that fact in the dark of their bedroom in the middle of the night.
Tony briefly reappeared, covering them both with a blanket, then disappeared again. Steve lay his head on Bucky’s shoulder, starting to warm up but still feeling the edge of cold in his bones.
He winces as pain shoots through his shoulder, but tries to hide it, quickly smiling at his boyfriend. “Hey, sunshine, wanna see the upgrades I’m working on?”
“I don’t suppose you could just forget all of that ever happened?” Tony asked hopefully, wishing the hospital bed would come alive and consume him whole.
So he was stuck going to seventh grade at a local school, getting dirty looks for still having nicer clothes and supplies than everyone, and being smarter than everyone, and generally not knowing anything about this new world he was stuck in.
Tony nods. “Okay,” he repeats, but says nothing more on the subject, just squeezes Bucky’s hand and asks if ramen’s good for dinner.
After Tony’s cleaned up a bit, he moves the tissues aside and makes eye contact with Steve. “I’m sorry.”
Steve was ashamed for the fact that it took him two days to get up the nerve to make his apology to Tony himself. Then he waited another few hours, because he realized his first plan of talking to Tony in the workshop--what was supposed to be the man’s safe space--might not go over as well, so he had to wait for Tony to come out for coffee.
Steve all but collapses into the control chair, overwhelmed by the relief of hearing that familiar voice. It takes a moment for him to compose himself, during which Tony repeats his message, before Steve manages to hit the button to send a response. And even then, all that comes out is a breathy, “
Steve put down the gauntlet and stared at the schematics Tony was flipping through, swallowing hard around a lump in his throat.
Steve doesn’t notice the slivers of light starting to come through the window until Tony interrupts a story Steve’s telling about the Commandos infiltrating an underwater Hydra base to say, “I’m secretly a mermaid.”
After that, several times a night, he would wake up with a start, half asleep and panicking that Tony’s arc reactor had gone out, that his heart had stopped. He would remember in time to stop himself from jostling Tony awake, but instead would carefully reach out to feel his lover’s wrist, his neck, or his chest--to feel the steady beat of Tony’s heart that meant he really was alive and well.
And it looks like they got things together right on time, as JARVIS announces, “Pardon me, but Sir and Captain Rogers have just entered the elevator.” Thankfully the AI agreed not to notify Tony of the newest residents before his return home, so long as they posed no threat to people or property.
“He just wants to stay warm inside, and that’s okay,” Tony said firmly, and Steve went over and pulled him by the scarf to give him a quick kiss.
Steve sits in a bewildered silence. He wants to refute what Tony said, but part of him says that since Tony’s under the truth spell, what he said must be true, so refuting it would be a lie, so he can’t. Another part of him tries to insist that Tony’s speaking what he
“Now, it’s okay if you don’t have feelings for me, but if you do, I’d really like to take you on a date.”
The second the two are inside and the outside door is shut, Steve opens the inside door. He realizes one figure is leaning a bit on the other--it’s still impossible to see their faces through the helmets, but he’s pretty sure the one supporting the other has Tony’s stature. He moves to the--injured? exhausted?--one’s other side to help take the load, startled to find that arm of the spacesuit loose and apparently empty. He recovers from his surprise and manages to offer his support anyway, closing the airlock as they make their way to the nearest bench and allow the injured man to slump down on it.
Their embrace turned into a passionate kiss, only to be broken when the rest of the team showed up to get their own reassurances that Tony was alive and well. (The others did not get quite the same kind of reassurance as Steve did, of course.)
“Ah, so this is revenge, is it?” Steve asked with a grin. He was surprised when Tony didn’t joke along, but instead frowned more deeply. “Tony, what’s wrong?”
Steve himself preferred a sword to a gun, brandishing his blade with ease as he approached the captain of the ship he’d just boarded. “Stone. I’m here for your greatest treasure.”
He thanks her, and pretends to sip the nonexistent tea as she follows up with “And some for you, Mr. Spider.” Then she pours her own tea and looks up at Steve again. “Do you know what else ‘fancy’ means?”
Alive, and still himself around everyone but Steve. He’d never shout his anger out at Steve, never have a chance of working through the rage to possibly, maybe revive their old friendship. He was alive... and forever lost to Steve.
Bucky watched from the roof as a dozen suits made their way back to the Tower. Their enemy hadn’t been difficult, just numerous, so the Iron Legion had helped.
“You tried to kill yourself?” The question slips out without consideration, as a chill goes through Steve, like he could suddenly find himself in a world where Tony had died years before Steve was thawed. The thought hurts more than he would have expected.
By the look on Tony’s face, he knows he has already lost, but he protests anyway, “That thing could have rabies. Space rabies.”
as she sailed away, Steve held Tony tightly in his arms. “I thought I’d never see you again. I can’t believe you’re here in my arms.”
They looked at each other and, in sync, hold out their gifts: Iron Man, Captain America, and Winter Soldier plushes.
Bucky grabbed some leaves off a nearby tree he thought would be safe (though antibiotics were certainly in the guy’s future once they got him to real medical care) and handed them to Tony, who hesitantly took them. “Here, hold these on the wound. You gonna be okay here while I shift and go run for help? I’d offer to carry you, but that would be tricky at your current size and you shifting again might make the wound worse...”
Which Tony takes as reason to keep talking. “It’s... terrifying, to show vulnerability. For me, the world’s pretty much always known what a mess I am, and it’s been easier to just lean in. But the darker thoughts? The desire to just escape everything? I wouldn’t have opened up to Rhodey about that if he hadn’t walked in on me holding the razor.”
Bucky and Steve had been planning to woo Tony slowly over the course of their senior year. They hadn’t realized until the end of their junior year that the genius was actually graduating already, headed off to MIT come fall. So they’d had to rush their courtship, asking Tony for this first date the week school got out, and hoping a summer of dating might continue into a long-distance relationship, if all went well.
“Thanks.” As always, Bruce’s smile looks like he’s not sure he deserves the praise, but it really is impressive what he’s managed to put together in less than a day.
Steve smiled. “Put my number in your phone, call me if you’re still interested when you’ve actually gotten a full eight hours of sleep.”
Frustrated, he pauses in his ever-expanding circle of their last known coordinates, hovering over the treetops and letting his faceplate and one gauntlet slide back so he can brush away the pointless tears.
“I... guess I caught a robot fish?” Steve said, finding himself pulling his catch the rest of the way in. Instead of setting it in his empty bucket, he put down his rod to cradle the mechanical fish in both hands, holding it up to his face. It was actually kind of cute, and gave another little warbling beep. “Hey there, fella, you got a name?”
“Thank you,” Tony whispers, and clutches the letter to his chest. For a moment, it almost seems as if he’s leaning into his mother’s hand at his cheek.
But what really drew Tony in were the eyes. While the reflection’s facial features moved as Tony’s did, there was a depth of emotion in the blue eyes that didn’t match his, something defiant yet resigned.
The door opens, and the principal and Jarvis step out. The principal gives him a stern glare before going back into his office. Jarvis just says, “Come along, Tony,” in a firm voice, and waits for Tony to follow him to the car.
Finally, turning the corner, Tony slowed, feeling nearly lightheaded with relief at seeing his son in one piece, standing in the back of one of the ambulances. Apart from the oxygen mask over his nose and mouth, and some ash on his clothes, he appeared unharmed. As Tony got closer, he saw the soft smile on Peter’s face through the mask, as he looked down at someone or something on the gurney.
“You said you’d had enough of soup back in the Depression and if you never had soup again it would be too soon.”
“You looked like you needed it more than I did,” the guy said matter-of-factly, even as he shivered.
“Um.” Steve’s expression showed a mix of guilt and pride that Tony’d never seen anyone else pull off quite so well.
Clint’s eyes narrow suspiciously, then widen as he seems to realize Steve must be telling the truth. “You’re serious. That one time you played, when you said you didn’t get it?”
“Tranquilizer,” Steve answers, and frowns. “Which was meant for me but could’ve been fatal for you.” He knows he shouldn’t be berating Tony right now, not when he just woke up, but Steve just keeps imagining what could’ve happened if Tony had gotten a higher dose of the poison, if he hadn’t been treated in time, if he’d just been outright
Steve squeezes his eyes shut and hangs his head, suddenly overwhelmed by all the people he’s lost, some more than once.
Tony shrugs, like hiring house-call dentists is something anyone would do for their trauma-ridden partner. “I just don’t like seeing you in pain.” He smiles. “Now, what do you think about pizza for dinner?”
“You don’t fancy each other?” Steve asks, remembering Morgan’s phrasing and wondering if that’s how they’d explained the concept to her.
She reaches in and, somehow without making physical contact with it, pulls the shining green stone out of the case and places it in her necklace.
It’s when dreaming of the wonderful time he’d had with Bucky and Tony on the beaches of New Tahiti that the alarms begin blaring.
Looking down at Morgan's table, he decides he might break the little plastic chair if he tries to sit in it, so instead he just kneels on the ground beside it. “This is a very fancy tea party you have here,” he says. There are several plastic teacups--not a drop of liquid in any of them, which is a bit of a relief--and saucers and even some little candles with plastic “flame”. In one of the three chairs at the table sits a large plush spider wearing a little bow tie and a top hat.
Tony sighed, wishing his son hadn’t picked up his pop’s noble, heroic, self-sacrificing traits. He looked at Peter, trying to just feel relieved the kid was (mostly) okay.
“Might be a little sore from a punch I took,” Bucky admits, gently feeling his jaw. There’s no sharp pain as he gently prods, not like there was when he took that one bite of his burger.
Then Tony was in his space, arms wrapped around him, lips on his, kissing him deeply, urgently. Then Steve was being lifted to sit on a nearby table, as the kiss continued. Steve was starting to feel short of breath when Tony stopped and pulled back, leaving his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
There was a pause longer than Bucky was comfortable with, and the answer didn’t reassure him, either. “No repulsors... Laser...?”
Tony blinked, sitting up and looking around. “Oh.” He looked back at Steve, eyes a little more clear. “You’re not
“You’re brilliant, you’re funny, and you hide how much you care, but you’re willing to put it all on the line as much as or more than the rest of us. You’ve given us... me... a home. You’re more than good enough, Tony, whatever shit your father might have told you. You’re incredible.”
Bucky made it further in than him, but then seemed to collapse face-first on the couch Steve could see in the main room. Steve also saw a fireplace, but was disappointed at the lack of a fire.
Steve--the real Steve--certainly didn’t seem to now, at any rate.  He’d only been back in the States for a couple weeks before he’d been replaced.  The feelings of betrayal after the events in Germany and Siberia had still been fresh in everyone’s minds.  The real reconciling--leading to something more--between Tony and Steve had actually been between Tony and a Skrull.  So when he was back, the real Steve gave Tony an awkward apology about anything his replacement had done, and then avoided him as much as possible.
The cats were mischievous, destructive, sweet, and loving, just like the boy who had saved their lives.
Then, one evening a few months after the surgery, Tony paused by the nightstand, looking like he was trying to figure out how to say something.
He managed to turn enough to look behind them, where their other partner was bringing up the rear. When he noticed Steve’s glance back, Tony gave a reassuring smile. “I think we’re almost there.”
“Stay awake, doll,” Bucky coaxed. “Come on, tell me about that anklet of yours. If it stays on when you’re in bird form, isn’t it too tight as a human?”
He refused to give in to the tiny piece of him that was still anxious, that maybe the last word really would trigger something, even though he
Much later, Steve is starting to doze--not sleep, but resting his eyes and letting his mind zone out for a bit--when he feels the hand he’s holding tighten.
Steve tried to watch for him resurfacing somewhere a bit away, but didn’t spot so much as a ripple of bubbles.
As much as he enjoyed building, creating, and making use of the world of human invention, sometimes he needed an escape. As a parrot, the joy of soaring over the trees overtook any human concerns like deadlines, stocks, and public relations disasters. He was wild and free, if only until he had to change back again.
Steve drew in a shaky breath, knowing he was on the verge of tears but refusing to give in. “Thanks for finding out for me.”
“Holy shit,” Clint breathes, while Thor pats Steve heavily on the back in congratulations. Nat and Tony seem to be eyeing Steve speculatively.
Tony shakes his head. “Nothing, it’s good, he...” Tony swallows. “He didn’t remember me, at least not at first, so I’m glad he remembers you.”
He’d managed to escape from the cell where his kidnappers (goddamn Hydra, again, would they ever get rid of them?) had been holding him, but had yet to make it out of the facility. He hadn’t even gotten his hands on a weapon better than the spray bottle of bleach he’d found in the closet. So when he’d heard multiple groups of footsteps passing by, he’d decided to wait it out rather than risk a confrontation.
Steve takes a deep breath, then manages to regain his usual command calm. “Of course. But who’s ‘us’?” He trusts Tony, knows his lover would never bring someone dangerous back with him, but as far as he knew there were only enemies on the other side of that wormhole.
Ah. He wants to even the score, huh? It won’t be the same, not when Tony can decide not to answer, but Steve figures it’s worth a shot. “Why did you hate your dad?”
“I meant--” Steve tries to say, but the words just stop. “I didn’t--” The rest refuses to come out, not because he doesn’t know what he plans to say, but because something seems to be physically preventing him from denying his previous reply.
“Okay, I’m not sure this is going to convince Tony,” Clint tells Natasha, adding the finishing touch of the crochet shield to the back of the storelska now dressed in a tiny Captain America uniform. The other animal sniffs at its friend, more curious about the other’s new garments than the red and yellow Iron Man armor it has already been granted. The colors should clash with the purple fur, but somehow the effect works anyway. “But these outfits are pretty sweet, Bruce.”
Tony’s smile turns real. “Yeah, exactly. We’re still friends, and I have no doubt Pep’ll still be an amazing mother. We did consider staying together at least a few more years for Morgan, but...”
Tony downed the mug’s contents, rejoicing in the necessary morning fuel, then stared at Bucky. “Did you--you built me a coffee delivery bot?”
The Ancient One looks sharply at him. “Did you regret that? Did you ever admit to him that you were wrong?”
Tony reaches out to take his hand. “It’s okay to be nervous. A lot of people have a fear of dentists.”
After the snowball fight (eventually declared a truce if only because no one was actually keeping score), they built a snowman (an Iron-Snow-Man, Peter insisted on, making it an “arc reactor” with a disc-shaped rock he’d found nearby), went sledding on a short but sufficiently steep hill (though Steve refused to let Tony use his shield as a sled), and made snow angels (Clint giving Tony’s “devil horns”, which nearly led to Snowball War II).
Only to awaken in the morning to the brief sensation of falling followed by a painful landing, his head and left elbow taking the worst of the impact. “Shit, ow!” Tony groans, curling up and cradling his head with his right hand. He doesn’t feel blood or a lump or anything, which is good because getting seriously injured in battle is one thing but getting a head injury from falling out of bed would just be embarrassing.
The door opened a crack. Only a sliver of a face and one blue eye were visible, but Tony had seen enough pictures and newsreels to know this was the man he was looking for.
“You’re the best, doll,” Bucky said, then finally chose a plum and took a big bite. “Mmmm....” he moaned, and suddenly Tony’s heart was pounding for a different reason, watching his boyfriend savor the fruit.
“Da--!” Spider-Man started, then cut himself off and continued in a strangely deeper voice, “Er, Mr. Stark. Iron Man. Thanks for the save, there.”
And now, Steve had to live with the irrational pain of missing a friend who was right there, sharing a living space but barely aware of his presence.
“Oh, this timeline is already on a different path than it was. Things have... changed.” She looks like she’s not entirely sure what those changes are, but she’s sure they’ve happened. (Loki has the Tesseract, Steve remembers. And... Hydra thinks Captain America is on their side. That’s... going to make this timeline interesting.) “As long as you leave me the Time Stone,” the Ancient One tips her chin down at the briefcase on the floor beside him, “We will manage.”
Clint shrugs. “Sorry your taste buds are shit,” he says matter-of-factly. “I’m still gonna make it, but you can have something else and leave more for those of us who’ll appreciate it.”
So far, Tony seemed amenable to dating both of them, if charmingly bewildered that they were interested in him. But who wouldn’t be interested in the adorable, witty, generous genius?
When he heard his name, he opened his eyes, not realizing he’d closed them. Tony was holding out a mug, and Bucky was already sipping at his own, moaning in pleasure. “Hot chocolate?” Tony offered. “It’s just from powder, sorry, but it’ll help warm you up.”
Today, though, there was no flirting. Today was a barely-conscious day, Tony’s mumbling indecipherable but Steve just smiled and got him his usual, a dark roast with a cheese danish on the side.
Tony’s eyes widen, but there’s no hesitation as he responds, “I didn’t hate him, I just wish he’d loved me as much as he loved you.” Then his jaw snaps shut. He looks away, releasing a breath of air. “Should’ve known you wouldn’t pull your punches with this.”
“You’ll stay?” Bucky hates how meekly his voice comes out, because maybe he’s still a little afraid of the dentist and the tools they’ll use even if
Tony glanced at his shoulders to see a ragged brown coat draped over them. He stood and turned, shocked to see a short, skinny blond man pulling his arms back and rubbing his hands together to warm them up. The man himself had no protection from the elements other than a worn button-down shirt and khakis with holes at the knees.
this?” Tony turned back to look back at Bucky, whose biceps also looked really good, though the catcher’s gear hid more of his physique.
I may try to catch up, or I may just remain a bit behind, but my current plan is to finish all the Inktober prompts even if I miss a day here and there and end up going into November.
After the relief of finding them, Tony’s exhaustion from earlier comes back full force, and he’s nearly asleep by the time the quinjet arrives to take them home.
“But I won’t stop loving you, Tony,” R’klin said, and his chin raised, his eyes flashed not like a confident alien conqueror, but like a determined, unyielding Steve Rogers.  “He may not have had feelings for you, but that doesn’t mean my feelings weren’t real.  I’m sorry we started out as a lie, but it became more real than anything I have ever known.  I love you.”
More awkwardness would have been reasonable. Anger. Fear, even. Somewhere deep inside he realized he’d even hoped for a glint of happiness, a sign that maybe after everything Tony had missed him, at least a little.
Taking one more deep breath of icy air, his eyes clear, Tony’s about to close the faceplate again when he sees it.
“Oh my god,” probably-Bucky said as he came out of the kitchenette, “You’re actually flirting with Tony Stark, I’m gonna get out of here and let you two talk about heating up and all that...”
“Nope,” Steve answers simply, “You all helped, but Tony took a truth spell for me. That warrants some special treatment, I think.”
“I had time to get out of the suit before sending JARVIS to pilot it as bait, but no time to tell anyone I wouldn’t be in it, I’m so sorry.”
After finding an enlightening photo from Tony’s college years, followed by an intense talk with Rhodey, Steve goes to see Tony in his workshop.
Later, when they’re both cleaned up, Steve will feel a much more pleasant kind of dizzy when they share their first kiss.
“No!” Tony interrupts, too quickly, his eyes showing not arousal but panic. Then, quietly, just barely audible, he adds, “I don’t want to be alone.”
But when Steve starts to turn to grab the tissues from his side of the bed, Tony whimpers a protest. “It’s okay, sweetheart, not going anywhere, just grabbing you some tissues.”
Not really Yinsen, of course. Yinsen is dead, his body not even buried before Tony blew the camp to hell before his brief flight.
Steve made a sound, immediately cut off. Tony finally looked at him, but the blue eyes only showed determination. “Fine. Dawn.”
He wonders why Bucky’s getting further away, then realizes it’s him veering off to the left, dizziness taking full control of his body.
There’s silence for a moment, and Tony looks up to meet Jarvis’ eyes again. “Then what did they do?”
“I wanted to get you something special,” Tony said, heart pounding as he waited for Bucky to find the item that was more special than plums.
A slight nod of Tony’s head is accompanied by arms shakily reaching out, so Steve shifts forward to hold his crying lover tightly against his chest. He’s distantly relieved that his dick has finally realized this is not the time for more action. He focuses on holding Tony, rubbing his back in constant circles, pressing kisses into his hair, murmuring calming nonsense interspersed with “I love you”s.
At that, Steve’s head comes up, apparently a bit more aware now. “T’ny? Found us?” he asks in a whisper.
And then his gaze moved on, and Steve saw a quickly-hidden look of pain when Tony looked at Natasha. “Welcome back, everyone. Or, welcome for the first time, Terminator, Ant-Guy.”
“I could say the same for you,” Tony replied. The man’s royal blue sweater brought out his lovely blue eyes, and his cheeks looked a healthier pink than the pale hue they’d been in the cold the other day.
He wonders why no one else in the room reacts to the sound, why no one shoots her or orders him to kill her. Then he remembers her, recognizes her: the woman in the car with the target, the one he’d strangled. Is he going to be punished for not completing the job?
“Uh, Bucky. You... you realize you’re flirting with me while your arm is gushing blood, right?” Bucky looked around in the hopes of finding something to stanch the blood with.
Tony grinned and dropped to his knees. He started rubbing under the husky’s chin with both hands, and was pleased to see Bucky’s eyes start to close, obviously enjoying it. Then Tony found a spot that made Bucky’s back left leg start thumping, and he laughed. He kept scratching the dog’s chin with one hand, using the other to stroke the soft fur on Bucky’s shoulders and back. After a moment Bucky flopped over on his side, tail flapping wildly in pleasure as Tony started rubbing his belly.
Clint frowns. “We live here, too, and he’s never said we can’t have pets.” He cradles both creatures in his arms, and the two curl up together.
Steve stares, first in confusion as he tries to parse the sentence, then in shock as he realizes the meaning. “Oh,” he says unintelligently.
A strange hydraulics sound was his only warning before he was hit with a stream of liquid... and a horrendous stench.
“Tony.” Steve waits for the other man to meet his eyes. “I can’t...” He plans to say he can’t believe Tony would do this, but that’s not true. “I don’t like that you endangered yourself with the sorceress, but I appreciate that you were willing to do this for me.” Even ignoring the physical danger, Tony opening himself up to this kind of vulnerability by choice, just for Steve...
“Analysis complete.” A list of chemicals displayed in the HUD as JARVIS summarized, “No hazards to humans beyond olfactory discomfort and potential mild itching, and no matches to known allergens among Avengers.”
Right now, Steve’s knee is pressing on his bladder and pinning his lower half, while Bucky’s beautiful metal arm is draped over Tony’s chest.
Steve hears a choked sound from Tony, and he moves his gaze to his standing lover without moving his head away from Bucky’s gloved caress. There are tears in Tony’s eyes, and a smile that’s somehow happy and sad at the same time on his lips. “What’s wrong?”
“Who taught you that using a safeword meant being abandoned?” Steve has a guess, and wonders if this’ll be the time he finally demands an address from JARVIS and hunts down Tony’s abusive ex-boyfriend.
He couldn’t see the screen, so maybe it wasn’t cracked. Maybe the slush and the salt that prevented the slush from becoming ice hadn’t started seeping in yet, wouldn’t destroy the delicate electronics. He wouldn’t know for sure until he picked it up.
“Nope, sorry.” He smirked. Then he heard a familiar whine coming closer. “Anyway, gotta go, my ride’s almost here. Good luck with your world domination plans, or whatever it is you’re up to.”
It wasn’t decorated at first, or all at once. Instead, every day or two something new showed up on the tree.
“So is JARVIS piloting all of those, or do they have their own programming to tell them where to go?” Bucky asked Tony, still suited up but with the faceplate down beside him.
“I know...” He does. He’s worn slings before, but he doesn’t know why this time it’s so irritating. Maybe because the other times he was in enough pain everywhere it was easy to remember why he was wearing it, and this time it’s just a shoulder injury that only hurts if he moves it wrong, so the straps are more distracting than the pain. “I just don’t like feeling held back, for such a minor injury.”
“Then Clint would’ve shot her, and even if that would’ve been too late for me, I was hoping the threat would be enough to stop her from trying. Which it was.”
The second kid reached in and pulled out a small yellow flower--a marigold, Tony’s favorite, which Jarvis must’ve included to make him feel better on his first day in an unfamiliar place. The kid laughed, “What’s this, a flower from Mommy?” and threw it on the floor, stomping on it.
about. Besides, “I’m not going to... hurt myself.” And since Steve managed to say it, it must be true, so Bruce has to believe him.
Steve figured he could probably ask JARVIS. Or... he could use this as an excuse to go ask the person who’d most likely ordered the delivery.
A small red dot appeared on the floor, drawing the cat’s attention. As the cat--Snowball--moved, the dot moved, and Snowball bounded across the floor to chase it. A moment later, DUM-E followed.
“The doll appears to be close to immobilized, though the webbing on the lower left arm may give way if not reinforced. Additionally, it appears Spider-Man’s supply of web fluid may be--”
She stands guard while he sleeps, shouting to wake him up if there’s any sign he might be found by Hydra again.
But his boyfriend eyes his food choices suspiciously over the next day or two. And certain impact activities like running or jumping jar Bucky’s teeth painfully, and he catches Natasha narrowing her eyes at his occasional winces. Steve seems to notice something’s off as well, but accepts Bucky’s casual brush-offs.
“Because I was hurt and needed help. And Stark told him if he left, not to come back. But we’re not like that.”
Normally averse to people he didn’t know handing him things, Tony didn’t want to keep his good Samaritan out in the cold any longer, so he made himself reach out to take the paper. “Thank you, Steve. I’m Tony.”
Steve wants to say. But of course he can’t. He can’t even say he’s “fine”, apparently. So he says nothing.
He directs the suit to change position so warmth is focused directly toward Bucky’s shoulder. It takes a minute to warm the fabric of the blanket and clothes, but Tony feels some tension leave Bucky as he sighs gratefully. “Thanks, Tony.”
Steve steadily returned his gaze, considering for a long moment before finally replying, “There was, um... something my mom did sometimes. I’d lie down with my head in her lap, and she’d rub my hair, my temples, and... it helped sometimes. It was soothing.” Steve’s heart was pounding with the thought of suggesting such an intimate activity with Tony, but... it didn’t feel wrong.
Once alone with the still-unconscious Tony, Steve hesitates but eventually reaches out to clasp Tony’s hand. They’re just friends, but Steve thinks recently they might’ve been heading toward something more. Steve wants to be heading toward something more.
First, a string of lights... which were all purple. It should have looked silly, which was probably Clint’s intent, but Tony had to admit it looked kind of pretty.
Tony opened his mouth, then closed it. “Oh. I didn’t mention? It’s... attuned to me. It has a receiver that picks up a signal from a transmitter under my skin.” Tony pointed at a small spot on his left forearm, where a tiny healing cut was visible. “If it’s glowing, you’ll know my heart is beating.”
“Of course,” Natasha agrees easily, “And it’s up to you if you want to clear up more details in your answer or leave some of the mystery.”
“She was apparently going in to save her kittens,” Steve continued, “So Peter helped out, somehow getting them all into his backpack and getting almost to the door before the fire blocked him. That’s when we came in, so thankfully he wasn’t in there for very long.”
Tony swallows visibly. “That would mean a lot to me.” He looks away, apparently embarrassed by the admission.
Tony moved to his workspace, set the newly repaired watch aside, and gestured to the chair. “Sit down, I’ll grab you what you need.”
Then the former Winter Soldier threw a mocking salute at the glaring woman as they lifted off and flew toward home.
Tony gave him a quick smile, suddenly rethinking his whole plan. This was stupid, Pepper had said not to go too big but maybe this was too small, and certainly the wrong time, and...
Tracking device with a signal of some sort? “Huh. That’s conveni--” Bucky interrupted himself as the other man swayed while standing back up, catching him and then guiding him so they were both sitting on a nearby rock. “Whoa there, how about
!” Tony bursts out, eyes now drilling into him. “You have the team, you have me--I know we’re not the ones you want but you have us and we want to help!”
passing out because of the wound I gave you?” He put a hand over the leaves to keep pressure on the wound.
“‘Course, fine, why wouldn’t I be?” Peter stammered, shifting the ball between hands again. He looked down at it, a concerned expression on his face. “But, uh, I just remembered I’m supposed to meet up with MJ to study for the Decathalon, so--yeah. This was fun, though, thanks, Pops!”
“Was it--did he--” Tony found himself starting to ask, even as he wondered what answer he wanted, or whether he wanted an answer at all, “You knew everything he knew, right?  Did he--did Steve ever really have feelings for me?”
They talk all night, apart from some comfortable silences as the conversation lapses at times. They discuss their nightmares. They share their fears. They discuss lighter truths, like pop music Tony’s embarrassed to admit that he likes, and how Steve is far more adept with modern technology than he’s been letting on.
With flight impossible, he had to do something. Whatever was attacking him, he’d have slightly better chances as a human than as a small, grounded bird.
“You remember that night when we were all trying to lift Mjolnir?” Steve says, and Tony nods, trying not to think about what had happened later that night. “I knew I could lift it then, but the look on Thor’s face stopped me. I didn’t want to embarrass him.”
Yinsen seems to look around the featureless landscape, then points toward Tony’s ten o’clock. “Go that way. He will find you.”
Though the living man was no longer reflecting his movements, Tony imagined they had similar looks of shock on their faces.
They end up using the bed one more time that morning. It fits three a lot more easily when they’re not sleeping.
Tony pulls back a bit--still close enough that Steve can keep his hands on Tony’s shoulders--and looks up at him through wet lashes. Then he seems to notice his nose is running from crying, and gives such a look of disgust that Steve almost wants to laugh, the emotion a refreshingly light counterpoint to the deeper emotions they’re dealing with.
“Saved me without taking the blast for me this time? I like it.” Tony’s voice is casual, but his eyes are serious.
It seemed like he’d barely blinked when Steve was standing right in front of him, no longer holding his weapon. The determination on the other man’s face was gone, replaced by an agonized expression. “You wanted me to kill you,” the other man said in a pained whisper.
“I’m sure I don’t want to know,” Steve replies dryly, but adds, “Let’s get you to a bathroom to get the wound cleaned.”
“Huh?” The confusion on Tony’s face makes it obvious Steve did not guess correctly about the reason for the invitation. “Oh, uh, thanks,” Tony recovers, “I really appreciate that, Steve.”
“Tony,” Bucky greeted, but still got no response. He approached his boyfriend, calling his name again. “Tony, sweetheart, I’m home.”
“Sit. I’m Tony, what can I call you?” Tony turned to start collecting the needed supplies, but he heard the chair move and assumed the man had finally taken a seat.
it. Then we’ll stop, and I’ll check in with you, see if you want to keep going or not, and you’ll see that either way, I’m not leaving. I want you to stop being afraid of using a safeword, so when you really do need it, you’ll use it and know that I’ll still be here for you. Okay?”
But at some point in late November, a six-foot, slightly lopsided, actual spruce tree appeared in the common room. (Well, not appeared as in
“I’ve had worse paper cuts,” Tony dismisses. “I’m more pissed about the jacket, really, do you have any idea how much this cost?”
pulled up alongside the ship they’d subdued, Captain Rogers was first aboard, trusting his crew to have his back. Bucky Barnes, his first mate, followed close behind.
“Holy shit,” he said, then shouted back into the apartment, “Hey, punk, you didn’t say the soaked businessman you saved from becoming a popsicle was Tony Fuckin’ Stark!” Then he turned back to Tony. “Uh, sorry, come in, I guess, Steve’s here, I’ll just...”
“You don’t have to tidy up for me,” Tony protested, thinking of the current state of his own office, “I’m just here to give Steve--”
Bucky shakes his head. “I’m just... thinking soup instead.” If he doesn’t open his mouth much, talking isn’t too bad.
He’s talking to Tony now, of course, but it’s not entirely of his own volition--though he could probably kick Tony out, or go in his bedroom and lock the door. Still, he’s surprised to find himself answering, “I think I could talk to you.”
The woman doesn’t look satisfied. “I’m... sorry. I’m not sorry I tried to stop you, but I’m sorry for what you’re going through now.”
“The dragon up Stark Mountain! Lots o’ folk come from all over to try to kill the dragon, but no one’s managed it yet. Most come back nearly fried to a crisp, or with deep cuts from those razor-sharp claws. ‘F you’re lookin’ for fame or glory, you should give it a shot!”
The surprised soldier swung his rifle to point at Tony, then immediately lowered it. “Tony!” Simultaneously relieved and worried eyes scanned his body. “Are you okay? Did they hurt you?”
“Well, that’s not good...” Tony muttered as he fired his repulsers at maximum in order to catch the kid in time.
“Home sounds good,” Bucky says, his tone more heartfelt. “Ready to go home, Stevie?” he asks the blond in his lap, and gets barely a mumble in response.
JARVIS picked up on the issue, and tried to help. Keeping the lights at 5% helped Steve see that Tony was breathing, but since the light was just diffuse around the room, rather than coming from Tony, it didn’t prevent Steve’s waking in a panic.
Eventually the determined look slid away into resignation, and R’klin nodded, sitting back down.  He slumped into his position of misery from before Tony came in.  “I understand.”
But after he completes his mission, instead of reporting back to base, he gets on a plane for Afghanistan.
“You guys are crazy,” Tony said, “But thanks. I knew I wasn’t gonna fit in here, I’d just thought eating lunch by myself would be the worst that would happen.”
“Whatever, they’re mine now, and they love me.” Clint nuzzles an animal that appears to be a small purple six-legged rat, while holding another out toward Nat. “Want to hold one?”
He spots a detached flap from the plane’s wing first, and fights the fear it induces, holding onto hope as most of the body of the plane comes into view, mostly intact. He sends a quick message to the quinjet and follows the wreckage.
Tony’s eyes went first to the Zenith radio the man was cradling in his right arm, then to the empty sleeve on his left, then to the man’s face. His features were striking, long dark hair, bright blue-grey eyes, and a mouth that made Tony want to do all sorts of illegal things. His expression was wary, though, and Tony realized he might be waiting for some kind of negative reaction regarding his missing left arm.
Bucky’s hand moves from Steve’s face to Tony’s, brushing a tear away with his thumb, and Tony sobs, holding tighter onto Steve and leaning his face into Bucky’s touch.
“You do know the pitcher’s on the other team, right?” Bucky asked from behind him. “He catches it, you’re out.”
He looks at Bruce apologetically. “Sorry, Bruce. I can eat it.” It’s true; he eats it every time Bruce makes it. Having been a child of the Great Depression--as well as a child of Sarah Rogers--he eats what he’s given without complaint.
Several hours later, a package arrived at the tower, addressed to Steve. It contained an inhaler, several bottles of vitamins and other pills, and a note that just said “8am tomorrow, Dr. Foster,” with an office address.
Bucky forgets almost immediately the backhand he takes to the jaw that has him spitting blood. Sure, it hurts and momentarily makes him wish he were sniping instead of in hand-to-hand combat right now, but he’s taken worse hits and healed up fast, so he dismisses the pain and helps the team take down the minions while Tony locates the head honcho.
Steve’s mind sputters to a stop as he imagines Tony in the short striped skirt, the backless top, the silver heels...
When the fire truck pulled up to the site, Steve was alarmed to get out and see his teenage son’s best friend Ned standing there, looking in horror at the burning building.
“Yeah.” There’s an assessing look in Tony’s eyes. “Getting you water’s just self-serving, really, can’t kiss my soulmate if he’s gonna taste like puke.”
“Yes,” Steve answers, not sure if he’s answering the letter or the spirit of the question, but he steps aside to let Tony in anyway.
“What does this have to do with...” Steve trailed off as he realized the answer, a pit forming in his stomach.
“Yes, of course!” Tony answered vehemently, then winced as a wave of dizziness returned. “Maybe... in a day or two.”
Steve, who’d been sketching quietly in the corner, looked up. “I think everyone’s been assuming you would,” he answered matter-of-factly.
“Yeah, come on, Petey,” Tony tried to coax their son toward the door. “Papa doesn’t like the cold, remember?”
“Well, you don’t see something like that everyday,” Bucky said, and Steve was surprised to realize he’d sort of forgotten about his friend for a minute.
Raising his faceplate, Tony fights hard to keep his voice steady as he quips, “Having a campfire without me?”
Tony barks out a mirthless laugh, then starts to cough as his parched throat can’t handle it. When he recovers, he knows he shouldn’t waste energy or moisture talking to a hallucination, but he does it anyway. “Not seeing a lot of hope. Not seeing anything but sand and a dead man. For all I know I’m heading further from any chance of survival.”
“I am pleased that you are happy with them, my friend, but storelskas are from Nidavellir, not Asgard,” Thor corrects.
I've realized several of these this year have had themes of isolation and/or despair... Thanks, 2020.
“What’s--?” She takes a few heaving breaths, then visibly calms herself. “I’m... I’m dead, aren’t I?” She looks at him, fury in her eyes. “I’m dead, because you murdered me. You murdered my husband. So now I suppose I’m haunting you.” She looks around. “Howard? Are you here?” When there’s no reply, she looks back to him. “Well, if it’s just me, I’ll have to do my best on my own to make you regret what you’ve done.”
“If you truly do not want them here any longer, I can return the storelskas to Nidavellir.” It’s not the first time Thor’s made the offer, and everyone knows it’s never going to be accepted.
“I...” Steve still has trouble talking about this, but he needs Tony to know. “I wanted to survive today. You’ve helped me feel my life is still worth living. You all have,” he adds, addressing the rest of the team. Bruce gives him a sincere smile, and Thor claps him on the shoulder with a grin.
The problem was, two of Tony’s greatest sins were ones he couldn’t regret: loving another man, and planning to take his own life.
He’s not cured. Steve still feels overwhelmed sometimes by how much he’s lost, feels like he doesn’t belong in this future, feels like an escape from this life would be a relief.
Tony opens his mouth, then his eyes go distant for a moment. “...You’re right,” he agrees. “Sorry, Steve.”
Bucky woke to a blaring alarm. He was up more quickly than his boyfriend, already throwing on clothes over his boxers as Tony asked, “JARVIS, what’s goin’ on?”
When Steve sees one of the robots aiming its powerful energy weapon at Iron Man’s back, he knows his shield won’t bounce back to him in time, so he doesn’t hesitate to race forward, shouting Tony’s name.
Ned shrugged helplessly. “Wherever the cat went, I guess. We saw the fire, and we were about to call it in when he saw a cat go in that window there, so he went after it, and I tried to tell him to just leave it to you guys, but he went anyway, and--”
Bulky (Steve/Tony/Bucky) - Steve and Bucky’s bed was not made for three, especially not when two are super soldiers.
When they pulled apart a long moment later, Tony added, “But--I’m totally proposing to you, too, when I finish your ring.”
There were sounds in his ear, voices over the comms, but he couldn’t quite make sense of them. He should probably reply.
Tony smiled, but there was still worry in his eyes. “I don’t like the idea of you blacking out at all, since it could happen at a dangerous time, or you could go hours without food or water.”
This dragon was red and gold, not the one from the tapestry. It stood nearly three times Steve’s height, and its wings looked like they might span forty feet stretched out, though they were pulled in at the moment, one wrapped in a pale linen that showed traces of a deep brown stain that might be dried blood. Sharp claws clacked on the ground as it walked toward Steve.
Tony looked up to see a slender guy in an Iron Man t-shirt and bright green hair.  The smile on his face was shy, nervous, hopeful--and familiar.
Steve pauses, slowing the roll of his hips. He knows Tony has to be tired, but, “You can, sweetheart. You know how I know?”
“Sure, however you’d prefer,” Tony said, taking the glowing watch and wrapping it around his own wrist. “But if you want to wear it or keep it nearby when one of us is travelling, it’ll still work.”
Tony sighed, looking down at the ground. At his phone, which was now lying face down in the slush on the sidewalk.
Then she stopped as Iron Man soared over the edge of the roof, coming to land beside Bucky, aiming a repulser at the woman. “Stay right there,” Tony commanded, then addressed Bucky, “You okay? You signaled, is this woman a threat?”
“Fine,” Bucky agreed, not wanting to argue any longer. Then he reached out and pulled Tony onto his lap. “If I promise not to black out this time, can I go back to petting your hair, doll?”
Steve most definitely does. He figures JARVIS probably can’t get addresses on those individuals, but might ask later anyway.
“Uh, doll, you’re supposed to swing,” Bucky said from behind him, as he tossed the ball back to Steve on the pitcher’s mound.
When the storm starts that night, Tony asks JARVIS where Steve is. Unsurprised by the answer, he grabs an umbrella and heads to the roof.
Steve--had appeared distracted, had seemed on the verge of telling Tony something important, but had apparently changed his mind and instead talked about dinner plans or something equally mundane.
Steve followed, sure now that this town--or rather, this mountain, with this dragon--was exactly where he needed to be to renew his purpose in life.
“You need to stop doing things like this, Tony,” Steve says quietly, knowing Tony isn’t hearing him anyway. “Stop taking hits meant for me, especially when you’re not even in your armor. Please. I’d rather take a hundred hits myself than lose you.”
On Christmas Eve, Tony looked at the now almost completely covered tree. It was crowded, messy, and the most beautiful tree he’d ever seen. But...
“Tony, I need you to sign these now!” Pepper insists, entering the common area, narrowly avoiding spearing a storelska with her shoe.
Natasha hears strange sounds coming from the common area before she enters the room. Then she blinks at the sight before her.
Tony frowned. The point was to let him keep the radio he clearly wanted. “It’s yours, you didn’t look happy to be giving it up.”
The crew of the other ship looked torn between defending their captain, and avoiding the fire of the pirates carefully watching their every move, rifles aimed and steady.
“Yeah, an’ don’t worry about not fittin’ in. We’re expert misfits, we’ll show you the ropes in no time,” Bucky promised with a grin.
Steve snaps back to himself and sees Tony’s waggling eyebrows and mischievous grin. “That’s... You are trying to get me to change the subject.”
But it’s not long before the laughter gives way to sobs, and then it’s Captain America on his ass on the waxed floor of the Sanctum Sanctorum, crying his eyes out and unable to stop.
It was a bot. It looked a little like DUM-E and his brothers, but this one was smaller, and had two arms coming out of the central base, shaped more like prosthetic human arms (normal substandard ones, not like Bucky’s) than Tony’s bots’ crane-like arms.
Jarvis’ eyes soften a little. He doesn’t look surprised, though Tony is pretty sure the principal hadn’t known there had been anyone else involved. Tony certainly didn’t mention them, and he figures the attackers probably won’t have confessed to their own wrongdoing. “Defending others is noble, but you should have gotten an adult instead.”
“I wanted to spend time with the man I love. Of course I wanted you to enjoy it, but the fact that you didn’t is
Tony nestles under the blanket along Steve’s back, earning a pleased groan from the blond, his first acknowledgement of Tony’s arrival. But Tony notices that, while Bucky seems to be trying to help arrange the blanket for the three of them, he’s only using his right arm to do it.
Steve looks sheepish. “I didn’t want to show off that I could lift it when the rest of you couldn’t?”
“I’ve got it,” Steve answered, then added belatedly, “But thank you.” He moved the leg in the cast from the ottoman to the arm of the couch opposite Tony, then lowered his head down into Tony’s lap.
“You think it’s gonna answer you?” Bucky asked, smirking and relaxing back on his side of the boat again.
Tony starts to speak but coughs, and Steve releases his hand to help him drink a small amount of water to soothe his throat. “Poison?”
Worry surges through Tony, but Bucky’s lighthearted response, “Just waiting for you to bring the marshmallows for s’mores”, reassures him a little.
“Of course,” Bucky said matter-of-factly. “Had to throw some balls at some cans to prove our love, it’s a time-honored tradition.”
It’s not the food or the game or the mementos that make this modern life more bearable. It’s the people. He has friends who care about him, who want to help him however they can, to be there for him. And that makes him want to be there for them in turn.
In just one night, he gets to know Tony better than he knows anyone else in this century--possibly even better than he’s known anyone but his ma and Bucky. (Telling Tony about Bucky is the closest Steve comes to crying during their talk.)
But when Steve did finally fall asleep, he slept straight through the night, comforted by the soothing glow that meant all was right with his world.
Tony stills. He’s silent for a moment, before answering quietly, “True.” He doesn’t say anything more.
Steve found himself reluctant to part with the oddly emotive artificial fish, but it seemed to be straining toward the swimmer, as though it recognized its owner. “Did you make this?” Steve asked as he slowly lowered it into the man’s waiting hands.
Steve’s honestly surprised Tony waits until they’re back in the quinjet to slide back the faceplate and yell at him. While it’s not always easy to read Tony’s body language while in the armor, the jerky movements and clipped responses when they were waiting for SHIELD to haul off the villainess made his anger pretty obvious.
“See this connection here?” Tony pointed them out. “The pressure sensors aren’t calibrated correctly. If I just...”
“Now with the serum, there’s still nothing the people I care about can do, but at least I heal faster. So what’s the point in letting you guys worry about it in the short time until it’s better?”
Steve opened his mouth, but no words came out. This wasn’t how he’d expected this to go at all. No shouting, no biting words, no anger to push through and come out the other side as friends again. Just... this blank nothingness.
Then he opened the faceplate and, seeing the way the world spun around him despite the fact that he was laying on the ground, realized maybe it wasn’t the armor that was damaged.
The soft-spoken man’s fists tightened, and his voice cracked. “I can’t, Tony. I just... Don’t make me do that. Ask Dr. Cho; she won’t ask questions, and she’s not...”
He closed his eyes as Tony began to massage his head. The engineer’s fingers were bigger, more calloused than Steve’s mom’s had been, but no less adept, and Steve felt himself relaxing almost immediately.
Tony again prepared to open the door, hoping to time this perfectly as they passed, but then he realized--
“Is he hurt?” Tony asks quietly. Neither of the two shows obvious signs of serious injury, though there’s some dried blood on Bucky’s forehead, and most of the rest of their bodies are hidden under clothes and blankets.
Still looking confused, the man named a couple of items that Tony knew he had lying around and weren’t all that costly.
Steve feels like the air has been punched out of him. Taking a shaky breath, he asks, “What do you think will happen if you safeword?”
“Gotta say, I was surprised to find you on my calendar today. What can I do for you?” Tony glances down at James’ metal arm. “Need some repairs?” He sounds excited about the prospect.
Tony hesitated, looking down at the destroyed phone he was still holding. He couldn’t call Happy to pick him up from the coffee house he’d been heading toward, so he’d have to walk back to the office. It wasn’t a long walk, but even a few blocks in a dripping wet suit would be sheer misery. The coat, while neither the warmest nor the most fashionable, would at least make the trip more tolerable.
“‘Course I did,” Tony replies, wrapping his arms more tightly around Steve. “Couldn’t leave my best guys out in the middle of nowhere.” He doesn’t mention the cold, afraid acknowledging it will only make it worse.
Steve flashed back for a moment, almost feeling the swing of his arms bringing his shield down into Tony’s chest. “That was... it was defense. He was going to kill--but I took it too far.”
Tony’s eyes widened. “You--!” He cut himself off, took a deep breath, then slowly let it out. “Honey, I love you, and I love that you thought of me, but maybe next time just take a picture instead of bringing an alien organism back and then leaving it unattended
“I don’t think so, but even if it is, it’ll be fine by tomorrow,” Bucky points out. Super healing sure is handy.
“Deliberately pushing people’s buttons, like you’re doing right now!” Steve bursts out, glad at least
The man--probably about Steve’s age, maybe younger--has a sympathetic smile on his face, though, not a mocking one. This smile looks endearing, really, surrounded by a goatee that seemed both over-the-top and perfectly suited to him. “Sorry, I was just thinking I could see myself having been the one to do it instead, albeit probably one too many drinks rather than a rollercoaster.” He looks down at his t-shirt, the graphic on which is obscured by the remnants of Steve’s lunch, and carefully pulls it over his head, attempting not to get the filth on his skin or hair the process.
The next ornaments were almost translucent wooden orbs that glowed from within. Tony wanted to ask Thor what the science within them was, but didn’t for fear the answer would involve magic instead.
“Titanic.” That admission has him sending an apologetic look at Natasha. “Goddammit, Stark, would you stop?”
“Come on, let’s get you up and dried off.” He guided Tony behind the counter to rinse his arm (thankfully not actually scalded) and then handed him a towel.
“Huh.” He supposes it could dull the pain a bit, where normal painkillers fail him. Maybe if he drinks the right amount he’ll be able to eat real food for dinner.
Tony waits outside the principal’s office, kicking his legs and trying to decide if he’s relieved Jarvis is the one who came in instead of his dad. His mom is off on some retreat in Italy, so he’d thought his dad would come in, and there would definitely have been yelling in that case. Jarvis won’t yell, but... Tony hates when he disappoints the butler, more than he hates upsetting his dad.
“And if for some reason you feel you can’t call us,” Pops added, to which Dad made a face, “You call someone else on the team. I’d like to think you can come to us about anything,” and wow, there was Pops’ guilt-trip-inducing face, “But if you can’t, I’d rather you ask Aunt Nat for help and have her never breathe a word of it to us, than for you to get in over your head by yourself. Got it?”
Steve raised his eyebrows. Maybe there would be something to do here after all. Though the “most come back” claim seemed odd, from what he knew of dragons. “Does the dragon endanger the townsfolk?”
, but if he did want someone else, Tony is sure he would have the decency to break up with him before doing anything.
There was also the fact that he didn’t much care about defending his husband or his ship, since Ty seemed to care more for what Tony could make for him or how he looked on the captain’s arm than for Tony as a person.
Steve looked down, gathering strength, then met Tony’s eyes. “I spent a lot of time in bed as a kid, sick or hurt. I hated how sad my mom got, how helpless she felt when she couldn’t do anything. So I did my best to be okay, or to seem okay, at least. What was the point in both of us feeling bad, when there was nothing she could do?
But Steve was right that the turns are too much. By the time the ride comes to a stop, Steve’s stomach is pretty sure it’s still going at sixty miles per hour, in a circle.
It has to have been sabotage, for the tracker to stop working before the plane even went down. The radio had still been working, though, so Tony had the agony of listening to Steve and Bucky as they fought to keep the craft in the air, but somehow sparing the time to try to reassure their boyfriend who sat hundreds of miles away, unable to do a damn thing about it. Their final--
Bucky tries not to let anyone else know what’s wrong. When Tony asks how he’s feeling, he answers honestly that his jaw is perfectly fine.
Tony snorted, then regretted it as more of the disgusting smell flooded his nostrils. He grimaced, then glared at his teammate. Then he smiled, taking a few slow steps forward. “You know what? You’re right. Thank you for including me in this team bonding experience. Let me repay you with a nice...” He lunged forward, Clint realizing the danger only in the last second. “Hug!”
Tony swallowed.  “That’s the type of thing you say when you’re trying to get someone to let you out.”
“You’re concussed,” the Buckys said with one voice. A lovely voice that sounded somehow both amused and worried.
Tony shrugs, still laying on his back, turning away to look up at the ceiling again. Steve moves his hand down to grip Tony’s hand, interlacing their fingers. Tony doesn’t return the grip, but he doesn’t pull away either. “We stop. You leave.”
Not seeing who he was seeking immediately, he strode desperately toward the two ambulances, brushing past a cop who tried to tell him to stay back.
Except... this seemed to be just one pair of footsteps. Maybe he could take a single Hydra agent, if he could spray them in the eyes with the bottle of bleach before they got off a shot.
Bucky closes his eyes, but it makes the image more clear so he opens them again. He shakes his head, not wanting to talk about it but at the same time wanting Tony to know and he doesn’t know which is going to win. “It’s... the chair.”
Only then does Steve let himself turn to Tony, who’s still holding his arm and grimacing. “How bad is it?” There doesn’t seem to be a lot of blood, so that’s a good sign, at least.
“Call me Tony.” The dragon--Tony--looked down at Steve’s sword. “But if you’re going to fight beside me, I think you’ll need something better than that old thing. Let me forge you a new one, or at least improve that one.”
When the doors slid open, the first thing Tony noticed was Bucky in the corner, quickly fastening a tarp over something about chest-height.
Tony watched Barnes head back to Steve, as Rhodey approached him. There was purpose in the one-armed man’s step, and Tony took that to mean the duel was officially a Go.
“I’m not goin’ anywhere, doll,” Bucky replied. “The others’ll wrap up the fight soon and then the paramedics can come in and fix you up, but I’ll stay here with you the whole time.”
The heady relief nearly makes him drop out of the sky before he regains control and lands mostly gracefully beside them.
We've reached the halfway point! Which has been your favorite so far? I think this one is my own favorite at this point.
“Legend says the Howling Commandos once holed up in a brothel and everyone got laid except you.” (“Partly true.”) (Tony is disappointed Steve doesn’t specify which part is true, but he enjoys the blush regardless.)
“Come on, Stevie, what’s the worst that could happen?” Bucky says as he drags Steve into the line of people waiting to ride the Cyclone.
Steve suddenly imagined the horror he’d feel if he ever saw the light not glowing, and was glad for Tony’s warning. He’d probably still panic a little if it happened, but knowing there were other possibilities would help until he knew for sure what had happened.
Tony sprung back from the man who had just appeared in the flesh in front of him. Behind him, the mirror’s frame remained, but the glass was gone.
He’d already had his appointment with SHIELD Medical, who’d pronounced him unharmed, so he wasn’t sure what the appointment was for.
Several different emotions flitted across Bucky’s face, ending with a glare. “I don’t need a pity hire.”
“Guess you’re lucky I was in the neighborhood,” Tony replied casually, not giving voice to the strange and terrifying thoughts suddenly racing through his mind.
It’s a truth spell. Steve doesn’t know why that sounds so ridiculous, considering he’s a serum-powered supersoldier who woke up decades in the future and fights villains with a team including an alien and a man who turns big and green when angry, but a “truth spell” just sounds... silly.
Snuggled under a warm blanket, with a fire crackling, hot chocolate in hand, and both lovers tucked in close, Steve finally started to feel warm.
Steve’s brow furrowed. He did know, or at least, that was the Tony he’d known before. But that wasn’t the Tony he’d interacted with since their return from Wakanda.
“You don’t attack the people in town, apparently only eating animals. People come up here to attack you, and you could probably kill them all, but you don’t, do you?”
“Because you put yourself in danger!” Tony shouted, then took a deep breath and continued more calmly, “I’ve seen your 4F forms. I know how lucky you were to make it to adulthood, and every damn day I’m grateful you survived long enough to get the serum, to be here with me now. And then you chose to risk dying of fucking rheumatic fever. So yes, I was angry--still am, honestly--but I’ll do what I can to make sure you don’t die--of disease or in battle--and in the meantime, I will continue to kiss you and hold you and make love with you because I fucking love you, Steve Rogers, not the serum.” Tony’s face had been serious, but now quirked up in a half-smile. “Despite what I may have said the day we met, you’ve always been special. What came out of a bottle just made you less breakable. So... try not to break on me, here?”
“Tony, doll, you know it’s a trap.” Bucky kept his weapon at the ready, though from their current shelter behind a rock they were probably out of any direct line of fire.
Tony looks a little flustered, and tries to cover it by joking, “Well, you and the mail carrier, it’s the uniform, I think, it just--” He cuts himself off as Steve reaches out to take his hands.
“The costumes are really great, Bruce,” Natasha concurs, “But they’re just the first part of the plan.”
, came and left. Tony’s friends--Rhodey and Pepper, Happy and Jarvis--had tried to convince him to join their crew, more sympathetically than Fury’s failed demands, but still he’d refused. When their friendly chats had started to feel like a wake rather than a discussion of what Steve would do until Tony returned, he politely but firmly asked them to leave.
“It’s real, Steve. It’s rare, but there have been plenty of documented cases. Growths in the lungs that lead to expulsion of flower petals, almost always linked to unrequited love. Thirty percent survival rate.”
The Buckys said more, but Tony couldn’t make out the words, as he was still trying to squint and see the Buckys more clearly. Now there were only two of them, but they were a little clearer, and there was definitely worry on their faces.
Steve’s heart soared to hear that familiar voice. “Tony!” he shouted, not caring at the moment that the ecstatic grin on his face was probably ruining his appearance as a cold-hearted pirate. All he cared about was the fact that the man he’d loved, whom he hadn’t seen for years, was now standing a mere dozen feet away, gaping at him.
“Are you here to bring me to... Steve?” There was a slight hesitation before saying his friend’s name.
“No!” the Skrull protested, then seemed to force himself to calm.  “The moment we kissed, that first time--that was the moment I decided to betray my world.  You became all that mattered.”
He tried not to let on that he’d awoken, but he couldn’t help letting out a whimper as they entered a doorway and he saw it.
The alien sighed.  “R’klin.”  He opened his mouth, hesitated, then finally added, “I wanted to tell you.”
“Of course,” Tony replied... only now remembering that baseball fact, but protesting, “It’s reflex. If a projectile comes toward me in battle, chances are I’ll benefit from sending it back at the enemy.”
That didn’t stop him from eyeing every passerby, wondering if that baby carriage was empty, if this runner was going to stop right in front of him.  It probably wouldn’t be someone with a dog, right?
“You are the most adorable husky I have ever seen. I need to pet you now.” Tony hoped he’d never have said that to a werewolf (weredog) he wasn’t dating (and more). He couldn’t be sure, though. The furball was so damn adorable.
That startled a laugh out of the dragon. Despite the slightly worrying puff of smoke that accompanied it, the laugh was a pleasant, melodious sound. “You think I can’t protect myself?”
Steve appreciates that Bruce tries to phrase his questions carefully (“Do you have any physical pains that may have been caused by the battle?” instead of “How do you feel?”). But as he’s heading for the door, Bruce stops him.
a barista, you are the only barista in the world who makes the perfect coffee. Though...” He winced. “I prefer taking it internally...” He flexed his hand and Steve belatedly realized his hot coffee had spilled on his arm and side.
He wasn’t sure why he felt himself compelled to accept the traveller’s offer of an enchanted mirror, nor why he didn’t even ask to see the item before the trade was finalized and the traveller left in their freshly repaired carriage.
believes to be the truth, but then he realizes he’s not sure if he believes it or not. It’s confusing, and prevents him from responding at all.
When the door to the workshop opens and Steve walks in, Tony unthinkingly raises his left arm in greeting...
“Morgan says when you fancy someone it means you like them and you want to kiss them,” Steve says, his voice going a little raspy as he takes a step closer.
Steve was a little surprised when Peter asked him to play a game of catch on the Tower’s roof. It had been a while since his son had wanted to throw a baseball around, but since Peter had been so busy lately with classes and extracurriculars and everything, Steve was glad to spend some time with him for once.
Steve isn’t sure why Tony invited him out to the cabin where he lives with his wife and daughter. He’s been there a few times over the years, but usually for a social evening with the team, not just him.
“...yeah,” Peter breathed, shaken by the enormity of this. Instead of having to hide his web-swinging crime fighting from his parents, he had their support, including a brand new suit with Dad’s tech to help him. Instead of fearing the thought of calling in the Avengers when things got tough because someone might recognize him, he could have backup any time he needed it. “I mean, yes, I’ll call you in if I need help.” He swallowed. “...Thank you. For the suit, and for not taking this away from me.”
“It’s incredible,” Tony said, feeling choked up. He built things for other people--no one had ever built something for
Steve wanted to ask how long he’d been in the workshop, but figured he didn’t have the right anymore. Besides, he had to push through to what he needed to say. “I--I need to apologize.”
Steve is relieved that when he and Bruce enter the common room to find the others around the television playing Mario Kart, they barely acknowledge him, focused on their game. He decides that means it’ll be safe enough for him to sit in the corner and sketch, the noise combined with the activity keeping his mind busy enough not to really think.
Of course, that was when Clint wandered through, and Tony had the attention of the wrong person. “Ooh, sounds great, thanks!” Clint reached for the bright purple plum on top.
“Yes to the date,” Steve clarified. Tony turned back to see his face had transformed back from righteous anger to awkward shyness.
Steve looked ready to go chase after the guy, who hadn’t seemed to even notice what he’d done, but Tony put one hand on his arm, still holding his half-demolished cone in the other. “No, it’s fine! I don’t want you getting in a fight on our first date, even if he was a jerk.”
“That’s not the only way you almost killed him, either,” Rhodey responded, then turned to leave the room.
When he sleeps, the bed feels vast and cold and empty, like the view outside. Sometimes he has nightmares, but worse are the happy dreams of his time with his lovers--because then he wakes up, and the reality hurts more than ever.
A hand comes up to block Steve’s view. “Not pretty, I know,” Tony says with a grimace, then looks toward the shop as though hoping his friend will be back with a shirt already.
Tony shrugs. “Can you blame me for being prepared? I could call the suit from anywhere, but the lecture I’d get from Ms. Potts about the holes in the walls just didn’t seem worth it.”
“You didn’t even have your shield! You’re damn lucky that spell didn’t do anything to you. Do you even care about your own life?”
Tony looked up from staring at the percolating pot, seeming almost surprised to see someone else in the room with him. “Oh. Hi.”
He decides not to mention to Bucky that he lied on the health history form when he won the raffle, because like hell he was going to miss out on a chance to go skydiving, for
Steve sobs, letting himself fall to his knees in front of Bucky, stopping himself from wrapping his arms around him only at the last second as he remembers Tony’s warning--which wasn’t about the ‘stranger’, and wasn’t about Steve’s reaction to seeing
“Oh... Huh.” Right. Magic. “Well, if you need true love’s kiss, I’m afraid I don’t believe in love at first sight, and I don’t have a clue as to how to find your true love, if they’re out there somewhere. But if it’s just any kiss, then...”
“God, yes,” Bucky enthuses. “And...” He gives Tony a wicked grin, eyes drifting down meaningfully before going back up to his face. “I’m thinking a celebratory dessert tonight.”
Each time it happened, he told himself it didn’t matter, but he still kept checking, kept his tally of when it appeared and when it disappeared, hoping to one day figure out the pattern.
Tony sighs and somehow manages to bring himself back to a standing position. Then, because he has no good reason to pick any other direction, he heads in the direction his hallucination had pointed, wearily climbing the next dune, and the next.
“Hi, Buckys,” he managed. He squinted, trying to see them more clearly. Bucky was pretty, so seeing three of him would be even better. “You’re pretty.”
After a moment the swimmer seemed to realize there were two people staring at him. “Oh, um, right--looks like you found my bot, may I have him back, please?” He reached out with both hands, a surprising amount of his chest remaining above the surface even as he must’ve been treading the water with just his legs.
“Yep, that stride you have when you know what you’re after and will maim or murder anyone who gets in your way--you know, either in battle, or when you know there’s only one cupcake left in the kitchen. I knew it was you out here when I heard that glorious murder strut.”
When they finally got in, the cabin itself wasn’t much warmer than outside, but being out of the wind alone was a relief. Steve stood in the entrance, suddenly too tired to even walk further in, much less assess the accommodations and see if things were in place for their mission starting the next day.
Bucky raised his eyebrows. “Are you always this forward with strange shifters you meet in the woods?”
Static squealed for a moment but then the clear sound of an announcer came out lout and clear, “--first game back since--”
He’s sure that things are not going to be easy after this, that Bucky and probably Tony as well will need healing from both physical and emotional traumas, but Steve is sure that they can get through it.
“Seems like what you need now is sleep,” Steve says, and Tony just nods and shifts forward until his head is nestled up against Steve’s chest again.
The sleeve of Tony’s white dress shirt is definitely ruined, a several-inch line of bright red surrounding the slice. Tony uncuffs the shirt to pull the sleeve up, and Steve is relieved to see the cut really doesn’t appear to be too deep.
“Plums, your favorite!” Tony held out the basket, tempted to shake it but not wanting to jostle its contents.
Bucky pulled Tony in and hugged him tightly with his metal arm, weapon hanging loosely in his right. “I’ll come back for you.”
As the roommate left, Steve cleared his throat. “Right, well, thanks for coming to return that,” he said, pointing at the coat Tony had nearly forgotten he was holding.
Blue-grey eyes come up to meet his, almost unseeing for a moment before focusing. There’s a moment of strange uncertainty before Bucky--oh, god, it’s Bucky, he’s alive, how is he alive?--says in a lost voice, “Steve?”
The game attendant, who looked barely out of his teens and entirely uninterested in being there, muttered the rules, set two balls in front of Steve, and stood back.
Tony worked frantically to put his new and improved pistol back together. He should’ve had it ready, but honestly he hadn’t expected the ship to be set upon by pirates on the way back from purchasing supplies.
They’d almost finished subduing all the huge alien bat things when one smacked Iron Man, hard, and sent him spinning into a brick wall.
The attendant smirked a little when the ball sailed over the cans entirely, but then his jaw dropped open in shock as it bounced off the back barrier and smashed into one of the bottom cans, sending all six toppling.
The pained half-smile/half-grimace the alien gave him was eerie to see, so familiar but on the wrong face.  “I’m glad.”
And he’s starting to think there’s something more that he wants with Tony--and that Tony might want the same with him.
Thor smiles brightly. “Indeed, storelskas eat plants very similar to some Midgardian vegetables and fruits.”
Tony felt a hand hold his armored hand, and he wished he weren’t wearing the gauntlet, but retracting it seemed like an impossible task. “How about we talk about this more when you’re feeling a little better, okay?”
The first oddity is the nightly thunderstorms. Storms themselves aren’t unusual in New York this time of year, so Tony thinks nothing of it, at first. Still, when a particularly thunderous storm happens a fourth evening in a row, once again starting shortly after dinner and ending before Steve comes to the workshop to drag Tony to bed, Tony notices the pattern.
“Really, Barton?” Tony shook his head. “Did you fill a Super Soaker with that crap just so you could force me to go through what you did?”
“Well, we have all heard a lot about Captain America. We don’t really know Steve Rogers yet,” Natasha points out. “How about we take turns telling you things we’ve heard, and you can tell us if they’re true, partly true, or false?”
Steve nearly dropped the fish at the shout from somewhere close. They were a fair distance from shore, and he hadn’t noticed any other boats nearby. Looking around, he followed Bucky’s gaze to a figure several yards out.
As Steve hears the high-pitched whine that means the weapon is almost at full charge, he puts on an extra burst of speed, slams hard into the armor, and hurls them both to the ground as the blast surges through the air just above them.
Steve looked over to see a slender red-headed woman, who’d previously been bent over some papers, was now looking up and frowning. “Ma’am?” he asked.
Tony’s mouth quirks in a not-quite smile. “Yes and no. It was her idea, and we do love each other, but... we’re not
“A game we’re gonna win because you couldn’t handle a little tragic romance, Barton!” Tony shouted, exchanging a grin with Bucky. The plan had worked perfectly. “Cover me?” he asked his boyfriend.
Steve can handle seeing Tony happy with his family when their mutual found family is around. It’s harder to cope when he has to see that domestic bliss on his own. Tony seems to know it, too, and the occasional apologetic looks he gives somehow make Steve feel even worse. Their brief fling before Tony and Pepper got back together was years ago, but Steve just can’t let go of his feelings for Tony.
“Given my luck it’s probably an old boot,” Steve grumbled, but he still felt excitement as he pulled his rod back and started reeling it in.
“Second, the anklet is a special elastic I made that accounts for shifting. Haven’t figured out how to make clothes out of it yet, though I’ve been told I have no shame so it’s not exactly a priority. The anklet’s good for situations like this where I need help getting home, though. Help should be here in about twenty minutes.”
He hears Bucky snort, which doesn’t really surprise him (even though this is all Bucky’s fault, the jerk), but he has to admit he’s offended when he hears his soulmate laugh. Steve frowns and opens his eyes.
“Oh.” A mere flicker of Tony’s brow was a momentary sign of pain at the mention of his parents, then his expression smoothed out. He shrugged. “It’s fine. Water under the bridge.” He turned back to the coffee, pouring himself a mug of the now scalding liquid.
“I know, love, I know you don’t do that anymore,” Bucky reassured him, though he worried sleep deprivation wasn’t much better for Tony. “Let’s get you to bed, huh?”
Tony heard shouts and groans and a roar (Hulk) over the comms, but he didn’t think any sounded like pain. “Everyone okay?” The HUD was indicating the armor had been hit by some of the goo, though he hadn’t even felt the impact. “J, analyze composition.”
When Steve came out, wrapped up in enough layers he might be warm enough but could still move, his tactical eye surveyed the snowball fight taking place a short distance away.
Steve slumps, looking up at Tony through his lashes. “If you really think we shouldn’t keep them...” He is most definitely using his most manipulative kicked puppy voice and body language, and Tony definitely knows it, but Natasha doubts knowing is enough to counter its power.
Tony pouted. “Spoilsport,” he grumbled, then turned back into position. When Bucky and Steve had suggested some “private lessons” in addition to the full team practices they’d been having since the circus people Clint had grown up with had challenged the Avengers to a baseball game (how insane was that?), Tony hadn’t realized they’d meant, like,
Tony came in multiple times a week, usually after two in the morning. Sometimes he was bright and cheerful and rambled; Steve didn’t understand much of it but it was clear the man was some sort of genius inventor. Other times he was half asleep, barely coherent, and Steve found himself wanting to wrap the man up and put him to bed instead of serving him coffee.
At least he was left alone more often than not, which suited his preferences just fine, and he was permitted to accompany his husband when trading for supplies and wares, some of which Tony could use for his own inventions. If Ty insisted on Tony producing a high volume of creations for him to sell off and brag about, at least Tony enjoyed the act of creating.
But then he read the rest of the files Steve had given him, and realized just how terribly Bucky Barnes had been treated by Hydra. How he’d been used. All the times he’d been taken out of cryo, sent on a mission, then locked away a few days later...
“Nope, it’s making a comeback, deal with it,” the friend--Rhodey sounds a little more plausible to be a name?--retorts as he heads off.
“Excuse you, that’s richest man in the Western Hemisphere, and you’re damned right you do,” Tony retorted, “Don’t think I didn’t find out about you and Steve taking the
“You need sleep, too.” Natasha’s voice betrays no exhaustion, instead a hint of command that Tony has no interest in following.
They enjoyed the rest of their treat in a similar manner, sharing and flirting and laughing. It was silly, and sticky, and a perfect first date.
Steve studies him, and Tony can see that tactical mind at work. At last, he says, “I have an idea. Turn back to what you were doing.”
When I came up with this idea for the prompt I wasn't sure how to keep it short, instead of trying to find a way to fix the absurdity of the bench scene, but I figured I could leave the ending here vague enough that things could turn out a little differently than implied by the end of the movie...
He takes a deep breath and raises his head. She’s right. Peggy, the Ancient One, they’re right. He needs to respect the sacrifices of the people he loves, not dwell on how the losses hurt him. “Yeah. He’s... the thing is, Tony was always willing to make the sacrifice play, even if I told him otherwise when--” he glances at his wristband, “Well, about three hours ago in this time, I guess.”
The littlest one races to join its siblings trying to grab the grapes that Clint and Thor are passing to each other (and occasionally letting the little ones grab). Nearby, their mother--as it turns out, “Little Tony” was female, and is no longer so little--sits in Steve’s lap, giving a contented croak once in a while as he pets her.
Instead, Tony’s brow crinkled for a moment, his lips pursed in the start of a question. Then, after a second, it smoothed out, into recognition. Steve waited for a comment like
The others chat while continuing to play games, but they avoid asking Steve any further questions, until Bruce announces that he’s going to start dinner. “Curry sound good to everyone?”
“Yeah, I’m sure they have one of those,” the friend--Platypus? that has to be a nickname--replies dryly, then turns toward the shop. “Or maybe one that says ‘Tony Stank’.”
“Thanks,” Steve says, pleased his soulmate thought of helping him even after he just threw up on the man. “Uh, Tony, is it?”
Suddenly a thought occurs to Steve and his stomach churns in horror. He has to swallow and breathe through his nose a few times to be sure he isn’t actually going to vomit. “You didn’t... how many...” He swallows again. “How many other times have you wanted me to stop, but not safeworded because you were afraid I’d leave?” God, had he unknowingly
Ned noticed him and his expression turned to relief, then back to fear. “Peter’s Pop! You’re--you gotta save him, he went in there!”
There’s a sudden silence in the quinjet. In the cockpit, the quiet mutters between Clint and Natasha have stopped. Steve feels the gazes of Bruce and Thor on him, but only sees Tony’s expression of wide-mouthed shock.
Steve furrowed his brow. “Work?” The device seemed obviously portable, so why would Tony specify that it would work even if they were apart?
“Wait, this is suddenly not fair!” Tony protested, but the smile on his face was as wide and happy as Peter’s had been at seeing Steve out here with them.
His first thought--some sort of magical defense system, of course, he really should have knocked--is waylaid when he puts a hand on the floor and realizes it’s slippery. It’s just been waxed.
Tony’s eyes widen. “I never thought I’d hear Captain America admit to being afraid of anything.” While Steve could imagine Tony saying that in a mocking tone under normal circumstances, it’s clear that it’s honest surprise in this case.
Steve isn’t sure whether to trust the apology--there’s still something suspicious in Tony’s eyes, like he’s planning something--but he nods. “It’s--” He wants to say it’s fine, but he can’t, so... “Forgiven.”
It probably won’t be any less distracting than the sling, but it’s... nice. Steve’s arms around him, the solid presence at his back, bring the comforting feeling of being cared for. Instead of frustrating straps holding him in place, he has a loving boyfriend holding him, just wanting to keep him from hurting himself.
. This must have taken Bucky weeks, maybe months, even if he had JARVIS’ help. “You’re incredible. Thank you.”
“I know, doll. But I’ll be okay, really.” He looks at his burger. It tasted great, and he really would like to finish it. “I just need to find a way to save this for tomorrow without Steve or Thor getting to it.”
. But it had been amazing and he didn’t even pass out, so he has to admit he thinks his heart is fine now and it’s not his health that has him concerned. “Okay, yeah, it’s fine, I just... skydiving doesn’t have all those turns. You know I get motion sick, what if I throw up on you?”
Bucky opened his mouth to reply, when suddenly there was an animalistic growl from inside the workshop.
“I...” Steve realized, feeling foolish. Of course Rhodey would be more upset about his best friend than his own paralysis. “I’m sorry for hurting Tony, too. I should have told him about his parents as soon as I found out.”
“Iron Man,” Steve said, “You stick around and help direct the HAZMAT teams, but once they have what they need, you can head back to get your armor cleaned up. We’re going to head back and get this stuff off.”
But afterward, in the quinjet, Steve goes over to Tony, pauses briefly inches away to give him a chance to move away if he wants to, then presses his lips to Tony’s.
There are some questions that don’t get an answer at all, but most do, and the game helps them all get to know each other, to feel a little more comfortable living together.
“Really, I’d love to court you, if--but wait, I’m forgetting myself, doing everything out of order.” He stuck out a hand. “I’m Tony Stark, and you are?”
No, Tony didn’t love his husband. He’d known true love once, but a son of nobility like Tony Stark would never have been permitted to wed a servant boy like Steve Rogers. So instead he’d been married off to Tiberius Stone and whisked away to the nobleman’s elaborate homestead, likely never to see his dear Steve again.
“He’s... just not the same guy,” Steve explained to Bucky, “And it’s my fault. I wish... I wish you could’ve met the sarcastic fella Tony used to be, full of piss and vinegar, you’d have gotten on like a house on fire.”
“Can I come in?” Tony asks, and Steve realizes they’re still standing in the doorway to Steve’s rooms.
Tony fidgets. This is the part that he definitely wouldn’t tell dad, and he’s a little afraid what Jarvis’ response will be, but he also... needs to know. “They were both boys,” he says quietly, forcing himself not to look away from the mirror.
Natasha looks at the furry creatures, snuggling together like otters. They are actually pretty cute, she admits to herself. “I may have an idea.” She turns to Bruce, who’s been sitting in the corner the whole time pretending to read a book. (She’s seen him glance up several times, and she’s sure he wants to pet the storelskas but is either afraid to hurt them or afraid to get attached.) “Bruce, do you still crochet?”
Maria’s been tethered to James her entire afterlife. He’s seen headlines, watched news clips, overheard conversations about Tony Stark, about Iron Man. So he knows she’s picked up some information about her son’s life, but she’s never really gotten to see him.
Instead, Tony just said, “Right. Cap. Welcome back.” There was no emotion in the words, no hint that he was trying to hide pain or relief or annoyance. Nothing.
Steve’s heart pounded even harder at Tony’s agreement, and for some reason he felt tears starting to prick his eyes, but he held them back and nodded.
His face started elongating, his ears growing pointed and shifting toward the top of his head. His long brown hair shortened into grey fur, matching the fur overtaking his bare shoulders, darker than the white fur growing over his face, arms, and legs. Bucky let out a low moan, not quite a howl, as he bent forward, arms eerily shortening as he went from bipedal to quadrupedal.
Tony lay there, wondering how badly the armor must be damaged for the HUD to be displaying such a meaningless blur of light and color.
Tony sighed, supposing that wasn’t too bad, and the team really did look miserable covered in the green goo. “Fine.”
When he’s facing his holographic designs again, he hears Steve come up behind him, feels arms come around his waist. Steve’s hands come to hold Tony’s left arm in place, leaving his right arm still mostly mobile, and Steve’s face rests besides Tony’s ear, murmuring, “Is this okay?”
Jarvis’ eyebrow twitches. “My mistake,” he says dryly, in a tone that Tony loves when it’s Jarvis annoying dad with his judgement of dad’s orders, but one that makes Tony feel small when it’s directed at him. “Would you like to tell me why you fired your science fair rocket near enough to your classmates to risk injury?”
Steve grins wryly and shakes his head. “I could do my lines, but it won’t be as impressive without the backup dancers.”
“Nice to meet you, Tony,” Steve said. “Sit with us, an’ I’ll share my lunch with you since Brock ate some o’ yours.”
“Well,” Bucky said, eying the plush Captain America still hanging on the wall, “I can’t let you have all the glory...” He paid, picked up a ball, and threw.
At first he thought it was a new bot, though smaller than the others. Then he realized that, while most of the four-legged body was covered in smooth metal styled in a familiar red and gold, there were definitely a furry little white head and ears sticking up out of the helmet.
There were times Tony took his order to go, but more often than not he sat at a table for a while tapping away on a tablet--or, if it were a mostly-unconscious day, staring into space. Today he started heading for his preferred table--unoccupied, like all the other tables at the moment--when Steve realized the recently-mopped floors might pose a hazard.
He realizes that Honest Tony is... nice. That the bluster and cockiness and insulting humor is all a front to hide his true self. Steve figures he might find the pompous facade just as frustrating once Tony’s back to normal, but... now he’ll know that he actually likes the man underneath.
His stomach now no longer rebelling, Steve manages to pull himself together and stand up straight, cheeks burning in humiliation. “I’m so sorry,” he says, and only as he’s saying it does he realize exactly what the stranger said.
“Tony?” the man himself had appeared in the living room. His eyes traveled down Tony’s form, his bespoke suit crisp and dry after the cleaners had worked their magic. If the genius wasn’t mistaken, there was some appreciation in Steve’s gaze. “Nice to see you warm and dry.”
Then he looked almost fearful for a moment before approaching, something odd in his swimming technique, though Steve had trouble identifying what that was.
He’s spit the cereal back in the bowl before even thinking about it, grateful no one else was around to see that. But shit, he’s not better. And now it’s obvious it’s not his jaw that’s injured, it’s his teeth. Or maybe it had been both, but his jaw got better first? He feels around with his tongue and--ow, yeah, there are some small jagged edges that shouldn’t feel like that.
“I understand. This is just... it’s amazing, Tony. Thank you so much.” He leaned in for a deep kiss, which Tony returned whole-heartedly.
“You’re late,” Steve responds, with what he’s sure is a ridiculously goofy smile, the endorphins of having Tony alive in his arms making him feel a little loopy.
Steve knows Tony and Pepper could be finishing up just about anything, and they certainly wouldn’t be doing anything risque during the day with their daughter around and a guest showing up shortly, but he still has to force the uncomfortable image out of his mind and focus on Morgan.
Tony looks to the rearview mirror, wondering why they haven’t started, and Jarvis is looking back at him expectantly. Not quite disappointed, not yet, but he doesn’t look happy.
Steve is waiting at the airlock, nearly bouncing with the anticipation of finally seeing Tony again. He forces himself to still his movements, after what Tony had implied about his companion’s current emotional state.
Realizing that trying to have James explain the full truth might be more traumatizing than heartwarming (“I'm here because your ghost mom wants to see you!”), Maria had decided to have him deliver a letter. He’d allowed her to take control of him as she’d done once before, to write the letter in her own hand, knowing Tony would recognize the writing.
James makes an appointment at Stark Industries, then shows up at Tony’s office at the designated time.
The mirror man’s mouth moved like his as he spoke, but while there was no verbal reply, the emotion in the eyes somehow changed to surprise.
With the frustrated disappointment and the miserable cold, he could feel tears threatening, but he tried to hold them back, knowing the wind on teary eyes would only make him colder.
Tony startled, looking around for the owner of the voice--he sounded young, about Tony’s age, but commanding, like he expected to be obeyed.
Tony looks back at Steve, who is now smiling his ‘I’ve won, but you shouldn’t feel bad about it’ smile. “They can stay,” Tony agrees.
Once Tony is settled in the back seat, Jarvis gets into the driver’s seat and but doesn’t start the car.
“Legend says you grew up in a circus.” (“True.”) (Tony argues that this answer is wrong, because it suggests that Clint actually grew up.)
“Well, yeah,” Tony says matter-of-factly, but then the confidence seems to crack. “Unless... you don’t want to. I mean, we don’t--”
Bucky yelped when the prey he had pinned suddenly changed, feathers giving way to tanned skin, tiny body growing quickly man-sized.
He’d talked to Nat about Tony’s behavior around him, and she had agreed it was strange, that she’d have expected at least one screaming match between them within the three weeks since their return. She’d agreed to ask some discrete questions, since Steve’s relationship with Rhodey hadn’t much improved since his first attempted apology.
Thank you so much to everyone who's been leaving kudos and comments, especially Trez26! It really helps me keep going.
When Tony agreed to put his resources toward finding the wayward Winter Soldier, Steve hesitated. “You should probably know some things before you agree...”
At the small jolt of hope that gave him, Tony found himself looking over at Steve--who was looking back at him.
He’d planned to let Steve discover it later, but the small blond man noticed the envelope in the pocket right away. “What’s this?” He opened it, and his eyes widened when he saw the check. “Tony, no. I didn’t help you to try to get money.”
He speeds toward it, pushing the armor to its top speed, and hope surges as he realizes the trees in this direction have branches missing or pushed back in a distinct path, just as he’d been looking for.
If it were anyone else, Tony might be worrying about his lover cheating. But he’s confident Steve would never do that. Not that Steve could never fall in love with someone else, because Tony still can’t entirely understand why Steve wants
Tony laughed when he saw the test tube and Erlenmeyer flask ornaments, glad Bruce was getting into the spirit, despite sometimes seeming more of a humbug about the season than Tony could be.
“Hey,” Tony murmurs, reaching out a hand to brush Bucky’s hair back soothingly, “It’s okay. You’re not going anywhere, they’re coming here. You can stay right where you are.” He taps the recliner.
“In the cage,” Natasha orders, and the animals are placed in the several-cubed-foot cage they’ve acquired to keep them confined. Because she’s positive Tony will not agree to alien rodents running around underfoot and unsupervised, even if the rest of her plan goes smoothly.
Now, he waits, alone. He eats, he sleeps, he exercises, he sketches (page after page of Tony and Bucky, individually or together), but mostly, he stares out the window toward the empty area of space where the wormhole had been.
Instead, the mirror showed a skinny, almost delicate blond man, who appeared several years younger than Tony, though he wasn’t the child Tony had first thought. He was clean-shaven, with no trace of Tony’s carefully trimmed beard. The man’s shirt and trousers were simple and ragged, and looked a style that hadn’t been common in this area for several decades at least.
“Okay, that was super cheesy, but,” Peter pulled first Dad, then Pops, into a hug, “I have the best parents in the world.”
Steve furrows his brow. He thinks he’s managed to show quite a reasonable level of restraint considering the circumstances.
But before changing into more relaxing clothes, he wanted to drop off the gift he’d picked up for his boyfriend. The splash of color on the barren alien landscape had caught his eye, and the bright blue petals had reminded him of Tony’s arc reactor, so he’d plucked one flower and placed it gently in his pocket before they headed home.
Thank you so much for all the nice comments on the previous chapter, I’m glad the twist worked for people. :)
“Pepper,” the dragon said, fangs revealing themselves as he smiled. “She...” he paused, looking at Steve assessingly for a moment, before continuing, “Don’t tell the other townsfolk, but she visits me sometimes, brings me supplies.”
Tony stared at his tiny would-be rescuer, shaking his head, but the kid held firm. “I think I can get a few hits in first. I’m up for it if you are.”
“And you didn’t tell--” Steve interrupts himself as he realizes, “You did tell me. But I didn’t believe you because you didn’t safeword.” He sighs. “We’re not doing that again. You say
Had Tony been a prisoner, too? “I’ll do my best. Are you okay?” Steve asks. “Do you or he need immediate medical treatment?” There obviously isn’t a doctor on the outpost, but it is fairly well stocked in medical supplies, and Steve has some field medic training.
“Barnes,” Tony greets him, and James realizes Maria’s reaction distracted him from the door being held open, Tony gesturing for him to come in.
When he returned to himself some time later, the pleasant floaty feeling was wonderful, but even better was the soft, contented smile Tony gave him.
It takes Tony about a week to piece things together. As a genius, he knows he should’ve figured it out sooner, but in his defense, it’s not exactly an ordinary thing to suspect.
“It’s... it’s not okay. Tony, it was horrible of me, and for you to find out that way--I can’t imagine how that felt. I don’t blame--I can’t believe all you did to bring us back here, after what I--”
“Hey!” Tony tried to grab it, but the first kid smacked his hand, and the humiliation stung worse than the slap.
Tony was relieved it wasn’t one of the more impatient customers. He closed up the watch, then stood to greet the newcomer.
When the door to the third-floor apartment opened, the brunet man who answered looked at Tony, eyes wide, then noticed the coat he was carrying.
Once there, Tony--he was right about which was Tony, thank god--removes his helmet, and Steve finds himself pulling his lover into an embrace (awkward as it is with the bulky space suit) before he even realizes he’s moved. He presses his forehead to Tony’s, staring into his beautiful brown eyes--eyes mirroring the joy Steve is feeling, but also filled with exhaustion. “Honey, I’m home,” Tony says quietly with a soft smile.
But Tony was nodding, rubbing soothing circles on Bucky’s knee and shoulder. “Yeah. Yeah, that’s all you were doing, sweetheart. For over an hour, while apparently blacking out. It was really nice for a while, until I realized you weren’t really with it, and I got worried.”
“Welcome home, Tony.” Steve stepped forward to kiss him, then stepped back to let Bucky do the same.
Tony groaned, but the impact seemed to have awakened him at least enough to speak actual words. “Ow. Am I dying? Are you an angel? Didn’t really expect to be going that direction, but I’m not going to say no to an angel as hot as you...”
Tony looks at the Captain America storelska, then back at the one Steve’s holding. Steve puts it back in the cage, and it immediately goes to snuggle with its buddy again.
“They are storelskas!” Thor announces, and while Natasha would have preferred to ease Tony into the fact that they aren’t from Earth, she sees the other part of her plan is proceeding just as she’d expected.
“Did you hear? Justin Hammer gave it a try yesterday. Said he barely got out alive, but that he managed to slice a wing.”
Tony’s eyes are wide, but he responds firmly, “If you want me to stay, I’m staying.” There’s something of a weight in those words, as if they promise more than just tonight.
“He didn’t want to be involved,” Steve whispers, and tears start flowing again, but at least the sobs don’t return. “He was happy with his life, with his wife and daughter. He didn’t want to risk changing anything, and then he was the one who paid the price. He didn’t want...” Steve swallows hard around the lump in his throat.
“Still the hopeless romantic.” Tony pulled him in for a deep kiss, ignoring the whistles and cheers of the crew around them.
“Yes,” Tony answers immediately, and looks a little relieved at the change of subject. “She said ‘until morning’s light’, so... dawn, apparently.”
“I’m... Bucky.” The hesitation suggested an uncertainty about what name to give, but the name didn’t sound like one made up for anonymity, like John or James.
Tony obeyed, though he stared forlornly the whole time at the basket that had not at all been living up to his expectations.
“Uncle Steve!” He’s greeted by a bundle of energy charging toward him before he’s even off the bike.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Why? Wait, what did--” Even though it was mere minutes ago, he was so caught up in the humiliation that he doesn’t remember exactly what he said. An apology, he would hope. His eyes drift down to Tony’s bare chest for the first time, realizing his words should be right there.
The others were already there, and Tony saw his opponent’s second before he saw Steve. The two had their heads bowed toward each other, Steve’s right arm on Barnes’ armless left shoulder.
“Hey,” Bucky responded first, his voice easy and not betraying the hint of wariness Steve saw in his tense shoulders. “Out for a swim?”
“Fine?” Steve repeats. He pulls out, rolling over onto his side facing Tony. He reaches out a hand to gently turn Tony’s face toward him. “Sweetheart, if you need to use your safeword--”
Bucky kept eye contact with the woman, ignoring the slight chill of the wind on the roof. She was clearly growing a little more uncertain with each word she said, as Bucky’s steady gaze didn’t change.
“I’m sure,” Tony agrees. He’d insist on taking a look at it now if they weren’t in such a frigid climate. He realizes the connection between the metal arm and Bucky’s flesh shoulder must be aching with cold, as well.
“I’ll take the stuffed Iron Man, please,” Steve said innocently, then held up the second ball. “Do I get to go again?”
People thought it was because of all his years in the ice, but he honestly didn’t really remember his time frozen in the Valkyrie. He did remember the icy cold the day Bucky had fallen from the train, so that could be the reason. Or maybe the couple of winters in his childhood where he had almost died, wracked with fever and chills as his Ma pulled together miracles to save him.
A mischievous glint his eyes, Steve eyed his target while tossing a ball from hand to hand, getting a feel for it. Then he pulled his arm back and threw.
“Can I--” Steve starts, desperately wanting, but realizing how important his phrasing is right now. “Do you want me to hold you?”
Eventually Tony’s breathing evens out, but he’s still tense enough Steve can tell he hasn’t fallen asleep.
“Of course! This is the storelskas’ natural coloring.” Thor reaches out to scratch under the chin of the rodent Clint is holding out, and it makes a contented chirping sound.
“You do that and Rogers will be the least of your worries.” He put a hand on his friend’s shoulder. “You know I’m behind you all the way, Tones.”
The big guy who’d just crushed Tony’s flower laughed. “Get out of here, Rogers, this doesn’t concern you.”
“It was magic! I didn’t know if the suit would protect you, and you had no way to get out of the way in time,” Steve protests.
He hoped Steve would aim straight for his heart. He’d already broken it, might as well finish the job.
Steve steps in with an upper cut that knocks the guy out. Then he turns to the late-arriving event security and orders, “Call SHIELD and an ambulance.” If the man was targeting Captain America specifically, this probably wasn’t an ordinary police matter.
“No!” Tony shouted, tears threatening in his eyes, but he knew crying now would only make everything worse.
Tony’s pleased smile makes him want... It’s the wrong time, with the battle still raging around them. He gets up, pulls Tony up, and they go back to fighting robots.
in concern, and Steve realizes his breathing is fast and uneven, and he forces himself to calm because this is about
Tony was almost as relieved to see Steve standing on the other side of the gurney with a similar smile, apparently having shed the bulky firefighter uniform to fit comfortably beside the paramedic checking or adjusting something on a monitor. Tony was used to worrying about his husband going into danger on a regular basis due to his job, though he still couldn’t say he enjoyed it.
“Tony,” Steve says firmly, and pauses a moment to get Tony to look over and make eye contact with him. “I will never leave after you safeword, unless you ask me to.
“Hey,” Tony says, grabbing for Steve’s hand again, even though they’ve never held hands before today. Steve squeezes back gratefully. “I’m here. I’m okay.” No longer flippant, his eyes are serious as they gaze into Steve’s. “I’m sorry I scared you.”
Steve takes a few steps closer, not as sure about this one as Rhodey was. “Legend says you have feelings for me now.”
“I’ve told you a thousand times, he did not kidnap me,” came a frustrated feminine voice from the other side of the room.
“So we’ll do our best to keep you safe while you do it,” Tony added. “One way or another, we’ll be there to catch you when you fall.”
It’s been four weeks since their other lover, Bucky, was killed aboard one of the Chitauri ships. Four weeks since they failed to even bring back his body, to properly mourn. Tony hadn’t wanted to lose both of them, he’d said in his final message to Steve, so if someone was going on a probable suicide mission it would be him.
