If that’s not love, tell me what is.
“Surrey is a very interesting area to explore,” the Colonel said. “What about you? Still writing?”
“You studied well at the university. Thank you for your help,” I said and shook his hand. “Why did you not qualify?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Perhaps it’s the whole point of choosing this case for publication over many others. The plot is hardly original: there’s the same method of diversion—luring a person away under some pretext—which was first used in RED, then in STOCK, and in RETI. Which means that it’s not the case itself that matters, but its circumstances. And they are rather peculiar. We learn that:
We parted on amicable terms, which was a great relief. I paused outside the door, waiting for John, who was following me out of Mycroft’s study, when Mycroft called after him.
I just chuckled. Our therapeutic measures had proved most effective, for there was no stiffness left in any part of his body whatsoever. My symptoms of cold had been nipped in the bud.
. My mind was reeling. Was it possible to define the exact moment the friendship I felt for Holmes had transitioned into something more? From the start, there was a sparkle between us. I had many friends, but no intimate ones such as Holmes. Come to think of it, he was the closest person I had in the world. Our daily interactions were not unlike those of a devoted married couple. And I had been certainly jealous of Fräulein von Hoffmanstal, who for a brief period had become the centre of Holmes’s attention and, to add insult to injury, posed as his wife.
“Still, I’ve never had a man before,” I continued. “It’s so confusing, to be honest.”
These two, I have no words. ACD surpassed himself. Also, Watson met the doctor who had treated Holmes in the hall, as the man was leaving. It means that everything happened so fast—the assault, the hospital, being moved to Baker Street—that Holmes had literally no time to send a note to his Watson. He didn’t need to: Watson was there the instant he knew. An important detail: unlike in the Granada, in the Canon Holmes was assaulted in broad daylight in a public place. Meaning it was easy for the press to see. Meaning that Watson could have been simply busy doing the rounds, that’s why he was away—not because of some urgent surgery at night (Granada) or because he lived separately (the period necessary “no homo”).
” with a “
“Don’t you dare,” he replied, his tone quiet with suppressed emotion.
With that he staggered out in the open where he could be seen. I helplessly watched the black carriage charge at him from the other side of the street. He darted off into an aisle between the vegetable stalls of a small market nearby, and I lost sight of him. The black carriage slid sideways into one of the stalls, sending cabbages, carrots, and turnips flying. People screamed. The carriage turned around and drove away.
He silenced my protest with another kiss, this time harsh and demanding. There was a clang of the lid of the vaseline jar, and then his slick hand closed around my prick. I received so much pleasure from being taken that I didn’t mind leaving my prick without attention; being frigged and buggered would have made me reach the crisis too soon. John was giving me broad strokes, but I would much prefer that he enter me again. Then, however, I realised what was on his mind. He straddled my hips and guided my prick to his entrance.
” does seem like a “no homo” blind after the spectacular Turkish bath.
Because come on, the same pattern as in RED, STOCK, and 3GAR.
Holmes looked away, releasing my hand, but I was having none of it. I held his hand firmly in mine.
It was left unsaid between us two that my prospects had not been quite bright at the time. I could afford only renting, not buying, and a rather plain lodging, surely not a residence.
“That will be all,” I said, my voice sounding surprisingly level. “By morning you shall be back in London. For your own and your family’s safety, do not contact Dr. Watson. I shall do that myself. Carry on as you were. Consider this just a dream after a merry Saturday night at the Green Dragon.”
“And I bid you a good day.”
“Good morning, Doctor Watson, I am Inspector Lestrade of Scotland Yard, investigating the disappearance of one Stark Munro,” the police detective introduced himself.
I woke up to a pleasant soreness in my body. My eyes closed, I stretched luxuriously; the bed gave a sharp squeak of protest.
3) Certain types of gold bracelets symbolised engagement and marriage in the late Victorian era. More about it
It was heartwarming to receive some support for a change. Holmes’s criticisms certainly hadn’t given me much confidence, especially at the time of repeated rejections by various publishers. Meanwhile, Holmes looked mildly discomforted by the Colonel’s gesture of familiarity towards me. I was torn between the joy of my writing being praised and concern for my partner, so I changed the topic. It worked. Holmes and the Colonel discussed at length types of soils, and from that point the conversation flowed again. I was glad they found a common ground, and that there was a noticeable shift in Sherlock’s mood. Energy seemed to be returning to him.
Some real life events served as a plot bunny for this story. In 1920s-1930s a surgeon
“Good grief, we’re in Mycroft’s fuck nook,” I blurted out.
“If you will excuse me, gentlemen. I should better go to bed,” Sherlock said, rising.
Waking up next to John filled me with so much happiness that it seemed more likely the effect of a cocaine dose than the harsh reality I was accustomed to. I lay on my side, studying his sleeping face and noting every subtle change in his dear features. He was my John, yet he was a different man, one I needed to know anew. I observed with relief that the lingering signs of sadness had disappeared from his expression. It was now serene, and his sleep was deep and wholesome.
“Then I shan’t beat about the bush, Dr. Watson,” I said. “What are your intentions with my brother? If this is some sort of a temporary arrangement for you, you must desist at once.”
), Holmes said,
“I’m not holding you here against your will,” I said. “The question is, are you recovered enough to go?”
. Instead I realised I could not write a word. The material to choose from was abundant, but I would sit for hours, staring at a blank page, and it would stare back at me. It was around the same time that Colonel Moriarty published a series of open letters again, defending his brother’s name. Something had to be done. Try as I might, words still wouldn’t come, so there seemed to be the only solution available. I adapted my old article into
I’ve listened to Bert Coules’
“No. A respectable-looking gentleman with a severe bout of asthma came in, saying he’d forgotten his medicine at home. He stayed in the consulting-room while I went to the dispensary. When I came back, there was no one here. I was heading outside to search for him in the street, and then it happened.”
“Spend the night here, Sherlock,” John pleaded.
Attention from the press became too taxing. There were more and more invasive questions, so I stopped giving interviews, even though it meant that Sherlock would hear less from me. I poured all my love and longing into the stories. Occasionally Mycroft would get scandalised and cross out the most indiscreet passages. I must admit that having him supervise my writing wasn’t without merit.
“Well, if you must, you must,” he replied with a dramatic sigh.
Once we had climbed the seventeen steps and entered the sitting-room, our hands sought out each other of their own accord. Mrs. Hudson had tended to our sanctum with utmost care. The sitting-room was unusually clean and new carpets replaced those which had burned in the arson, but otherwise there were very few changes. I could see joy tempered with longing and sadness in John’s face, and a tide of the same emotions was about to overpower me. Our home, our safe place, was waiting patiently for us to return. Only with a considerable effort I was able to preserve my composure. There was an important task ahead, and I would need to stay focused.
Holmes regarded it gracefully, saying that the case was almost solved and I wouldn’t need to worry. Meanwhile, it was clear that the strain was already taking its toll on him. I departed on the 5th of April, ill at ease. Soon my mind was entirely on my patient, and there was no point to wiring Holmes since he would be too busy to reply. Mrs. Saunders required postoperative supervision, so my absence extended for longer than I had initially expected. On the 14th of April all the newspapers hailed Holmes’s triumph. The final link of the chain turned out to be in Lyons, and I sighed with relief, expecting Holmes to be back in London shortly. But by the evening, I received a telegram which read:
He nursed me through the darkness and despair and sickness. I savoured the sound of his voice, the warmth of his hands and lips—his very presence which made my existence bearable. As the pull of the drug grew stronger, I confessed to him of every ounce of secret supplies hidden in the flat. On worse days I poured out my soul to him, too tired and in pain to fear rejection or misunderstanding or all the things I couldn’t even name. The dreaded rejection never came. It was cathartic. The pain felt like the pangs of rebirth.
I smiled, warmed by his confidence.
The stout, good-natured landlord served us a freshly-cooked, nutritious country dinner which was most welcome.
It implies that later she discovered that she was mistaken.
“Let me write him a farewell note,” I asked.
“No, you’re not,” Mycroft raised his voice at last, but I didn’t care.
.” He gave me a coy look from under his lashes.
“One of the vilest of their kind. I first encountered George Saville in February of this year in Paris, when his accomplice Émile Henry hurled a bomb into the Café Terminus.”
“Almost five hours. You were brought here by a policeman and a passer-by.”
When Watson notes that the client struck him as odd, Holmes says:
Here are examples for this story of Watson’s ability to pick up Holmes’s thoughts and feelings without words. He does it with zero fuss, very low-key and matter-of-factly:
“I had no means to establish a practice upon graduation and the army seemed a sensible choice,” I replied. “The risk was worth it. Or so it seemed.”
“Precisely.”
“Oh, publishers,” I grumbled at the mention of that particular peeve of mine. “That was the most daunting part of it all. They kept rejecting it for five years, and I had to rewrite it again and again. Finally, Ward, Lock & Co. deigned to accept it. It shall be published in
Good god, Holmes, control your thirst! Keep your whispered soft nothings and receiving hard somethings in your bedroom, you two :D But before bedroom Holmes invites Watson on a date, being a gentleman as he is:
“Next time,” I replied. “Do enjoy yourself.”
After dinner I left a note to Lestrade should he come for Moran’s bullet which Mrs. Hudson had recovered. John wrote a letter to his colleague asking him to take over his practice for a while and sent for a change of clothes. Then we retreated upstairs to continue a feast of another kind. Yearning for each other mentally and physically, we couldn’t be sated until utter exhaustion had claimed us.
I was seized with despair. The very thing I had strived to avoid by removing myself from Baker Street had come to pass. Holmes needed me, but so did all those people. This was not an occasion I could simply drop everything. Stamford, who peeped out of the tent at the sound of the commotion, only nodded as our eyes met. Bless the man.
Not a word aloud [the note ran].
The air of freedom was more heady than a potent drink. Even from a cursory glance it was clear that people here had a different life: they were not policed at every corner, having reclaimed their right to live as they pleased. That was what we would soon set out to do in our own country.
“Well?” I whispered into John’s ear as we watched the sharp black silhouette move against the brightly lit background.
“Good God,” I muttered. “His biography almost mirrors mine. I do remember that disillusioned state. Who knows? Had we not met, I could have grown to hate the whole world too.”
That was one of the major changes I now came to observe in him. He had been better than me at expressing emotions, but now it was as if something within him shut down and wouldn’t let him speak. The pipe had obviously reminded him of me during our separation. I assured him that I didn’t mind in the least and that it was as much his as it was mine.
Holmes and Watson enjoy the Turkish bath in “
Having alighted, I tipped my hat at Parker the garrotter who was loitering on the corner. Moran’s henchmen must have spotted me already at the station, for I had returned proudly as myself. Parker scurried away, followed by my laughter.
I failed to reply, mortified by his crestfallen, pitying expression.
“Doctor Watson,” she exclaimed, panting. “Finally! I’ve found you. It’s Mr. Holmes. He’s been ill for three days!”
, and myself where we all were exasperated by certain scholars who suggest that Holmes slept with Agatha (
Aware of my mood, Watson was quiet. He hadn’t remonstrated with me regarding my untouched plate at supper and didn’t try to engage me in a conversation. I was rather grateful for that. My companion was the most considerate of men, always putting my needs ahead of his own. And that evening he was steadfastly ignoring the need he had.
The next day we explored the house and its grounds as well as the surrounding countryside. The butler provided us with keys to the gate, so we could come and go whenever we wished. It was a most peculiar place, completely devoid of people as if someone had ensured that there would be no accidental trespassers hunting for rabbits or wild berries. We didn’t meet a soul as we walked in the forest and nearby glades, but when we climbed a high hill, we managed to spot a neighboring estate at a considerable distance.
.—The weather was gloomy since morning, leaden skies hanging oppressively low, and by the afternoon the rain began its monotonous patter against the windows. Thankfully, my shoulder and leg didn’t hurt much, but I was seized by all-consuming apathy and was spending the day in my armchair, reading Stevenson to distract myself from unwelcome thoughts. Holmes was busy with his scrapbooks. In spite of the absence of interesting cases, he seemed to be in brighter spirits, humming softly under his breath one of Chopin’s waltzes. I was glad of his company. Even when we were both in the dumps, silence together was better than being alone, and now his vitality was cheering me up a little.
“Dr. Watson, is he well?”
for her fantastic editing, thoughtful suggestions, support, and endless patience!
“On the contrary, Mrs. Langley, you have been truly brave,” Holmes assured her. “Despite your fear, you didn’t stay silent. I must commend you on your method of communication. It was rather ingenious.”
We were there in fifteen minutes; a grim butler showed me into a luxurious study and closed the doors behind me. I expected to find the sufferer on the sofa in the centre of the room, but instead, by the fire in the armchair sat Mycroft Holmes.
.” And once the story is told, Poirot asks Hastings to say to him “
“This morning, having received a telegram from you, sir, I was immensely relieved to hear that you had put that villain behind bars.”
“Mycroft, please. We’re family after all.”
“I mean true closeness, not just that.” I sprang to my feet. “By Jove, I’m going to London.”
Watson’s ability to read his Holmes and especially his fascination with Holmes’s eyes were pointed out many times. The Adventure of the Abbey Grange is a fine example of that—one can trace the way Holmes’s moods fluctuate from peaks to pits and back again.
Somehow the idea of visiting a public venue, even though we had a private room there, wasn’t appealing. Holmes didn’t seem keen on it either. There was another option. I saw the glint in his eye as we came to an understanding. A night in our nook. He slipped his hand under the table and caressed my thigh. We both shivered in anticipation.
“Was it only the smell of lye soap which led you to the conclusion it was the charwoman?” I asked Holmes in astonishment.
“Perhaps that person was afraid?”
I was grateful for Sherlock’s foresight, for I was ravenous by the time we got to Fulworth. Fulworth was indeed a picturesque village, with solid Tudor homesteads at its core, weather-beaten and lichen-blotched but well taken care of. A small church stood at the edge of the older part of the settlement. Further from the bay and higher upon the hills there were modern buildings including a post office, a pharmacy, a grocery, and our destination—a pub called The Red Lion.
“They won’t leave you in peace while your house is the last known place of my whereabouts.”
(1891): no arriving into the cell at the crack of dawn and washing away the culprit’s make up with a huge sponge. Poirot just tells Japp to ask Davenheim’s wife to identify him. Underwhelming, to say the least.
Even though Mycroft Holmes’s manner wasn’t overtly hostile any longer, he was still authoritative and quite intimidating.
Finally, we called it a night and exchanged promises to meet again in another few years. Putting on my hat, I felt something knock me lightly on the head. Upon checking, it turned out to be a big walnut. My tipsy comrades roared with laughter, exclaiming that the prank was hilarious, but nobody confessed.
“Yes, it’s all about practicing,” I agreed.
“Doctor, I have an acute case of scarlet fever, and only you can help me,” I said.
“Truth to be told, I have mixed feelings about my Kensington practice,” he said pensively. “It saved my sanity, really. It kept me going. But the place is also linked in my mind with loneliness and misery, so… I shall send out advertisements.”
“I have the surest remedy for you, Doctor,” she said, hurried to the kitchen, and returned with a glass of a concoction which I hadn’t encountered since leaving Edinburgh for London in my youth.
that the Duke willingly left his younger son in the hands of the kidnappers for the sake of his older son. Then Holmes makes sure that the boy is retrieved and does everything to restore normal family conditions for the stressed and lonely child, suggesting that the Duke reconcile with the Duchess and Wilder is removed from the household. Technically, this is beyond the boundaries of Holmes’s professional services, and yet he goes out of his way to fix it for Arthur. Of course, it’s empathy again. But maybe it’s also because at some point Holmes was deprived of a loving home hearth himself? Perhaps something happened in Holmes’s past, and he ended up being sent off to a boarding school, all to himself without even Mycroft’s company, since Mycroft is seven years his senior and must have entered the university when Holmes was ten. It has always struck me as a possibility.
“You’ve clearly demonstrated your ability to set me against him should you wish to do so. That power has to be reckoned with,” I said, shrugging my shoulders.
We both chuckled and started to descend from the hilltop. A steep rocky path winding between the cliffs was the only way down to the beach. One had to be most careful to watch every step lest one slip on the loose pebbles which were strewn all along it. Any lack of attention could easily result in a sprained ankle or injured knees at best.
“Fair enough. All right then,” he agreed, waving his hand.
Holmes being cold and heartless and Watson being a bumbling dimwit are popular cliches, widely spread images which were ingrained in many an adaptation. However, it seems that the origin of these misconceptions lies not in the numerous adaptations, but in the things the author said himself.
Mrs. Hudson was right in sending me to the barber: wielding a razor with a tremor in my hands would not have been wise. My mourning attire was done in irrevocably. Wearing it could not reflect what I felt anyhow, so upon disrobing I hurled it into the corner.
A wave of dread crashed over me, constricting my chest and throat. I struggled to breathe, but all I could manage were shallow gasps like those of a drowning man. My mouth went dry; cold, clammy perspiration chilled my skin. I grasped hard at the fence, fighting a fit of vertigo. I must pull myself together. No more running away. I must go and face John properly.
“Watch where you’re going,” I hissed, staying in character.
When we pulled back, his face was glowing.
“What troubles you, darling?” I asked.
Slowly, I walked into the corridor. Muffled groans were coming from upstairs, from my bedroom. Holmes was in pain. In a few moments I was by his bedside, lighting a lamp. Holmes was gritting his teeth and moaning in his sleep. When I touched his forehead to check whether he had a fever, he woke up with a start.
“Until then it was hardly my business, my dear boy. And it quite bothers me that our best agents are no match for this grey cardinal.”
“What the devil,” I muttered. “I don’t have any aunt named Agatha.”
“We shan’t need a country vacation, Mycroft,” I said. “Kindly inform of my resignation whomever it may concern. If that is all you came to discuss, I must ask you to bring this interview to an end.”
“Jo—Watson!” I exclaimed, having forgotten myself momentarily in my tremendous relief that he was unharmed.
I think Watson’s devotion to Holmes is based more on respect than on hero-worship as seems to be the case with Bunny. Watson has some influence on Holmes: he weaned Holmes from cocaine and he can take Holmes down a peg or two when Holmes gets too insufferable. Bunny is so smitten that he is ready to forgive anything, even being handled in a most cavalier way. In the very beginning Bunny needs Raffles to get out of the trouble, to shift the weight from his shoulders, and threatening to commit suicide if refused would have been downright extortion had it not been a man like Raffles. Watson deals with his troubles on his own and helps Holmes to fight Holmes’s demons. Sorry if the comparison looks unfavourable, but this is the impression I get after the first book of the Raffles series.
“You wouldn’t bestir yourself, though, until it became a matter of national security.”
“Orgies?”
When I woke up in the morning, I was amazingly refreshed despite having slept in an armchair. Holmes was still sleeping, and I allowed myself to regard his peaceful face for a few minutes. It was so good not to be alone. I had rarely, if ever, felt such an affinity with anyone.
”, and Holmes’s “
“Good-bye, Doctor,” the Colonel said, shaking my hand at the station. “I see that you’ve found in Mr. Holmes a man after your own heart. God bless you.”
“A little.”
” and Holmes is “
6. Another instance of Holmes
I came hard, filling John up with my seed. He gasped and arched his neck as he kept riding me. An instant later he reached the crisis too, shooting thick white spurts all over my stomach and chest. I could even feel the tang of his essence on my lips.
During the rest of my stay at the Turners’ I pondered the next course of action. Sherlock was alone upon his quest. Considering his mood swings and his tendency to work himself into exhaustion, isolation would be very hard on him. There had to be a way of sending him a word of encouragement.
“No, for I needed to look the part.”
“You know that you’re the first and the only man I’ve had, Sherlock,” said I. “It all started with an innocuous chat at the club when the Colonel was in London on an errand, about five months ago. We discussed our lives as civilians, and, naturally, when I described mine, I spoke of you. Perhaps I was less cautious than I should have been, relaxed by a glass of brandy, or perhaps he was more perceptive, being of the same feather—well, he understood. He was surprised at my being inclined this way and told me he had found me attractive even in our army days, but never considered that I might be interested.”
“I am Doctor John Watson, and you are in my surgery,” I replied in soothing tones. “Don’t worry, you are safe here.”
After a particularly tiresome day at the surgery I returned home, drained and in a bleak mood. Holmes was still out, investigating a case he had been engaged in for the past week. Since his schedule was unpredictable, there was no point to waiting for him, so I asked Mrs. Hudson to serve dinner. No sooner than she had set the table, however, the front door below slammed and the familiar nimble steps ascended the stairs. Holmes entered our sitting-room and tossed off his coat and hat onto the settee. Obviously, his mood wasn’t any better than mine. His stern eyes softened when our gazes met, and his lips curved up a little. For me also the room had brightened with his arrival. He joined me at the table, and we shared a brief kiss.
“Really, Holmes,” said I severely, “you are a little trying at times.”
I’ll try to be brief about the points I found curious:
“A novel?” the Colonel asked with excitement.
Watson’s foray into writing proved to be an unexpected and curious turn. Apparently, he wished to do justice to Sherlock, who was never credited either by the press or the police, so he penned a novel about my brother. The novel was of a sensational variety, lacking a systematic approach and waxing poetic far more often than advisable. Sherlock complained and grumbled but couldn’t deceive me: he was pleased. The novel attracted much attention among our acquaintances even if it wasn’t a success among the general public.
After lunch Holmes retired upstairs, and I reopened my surgery. The rumour of the black carriage’s visit must have spread quickly, for there were no more questions from my patients. Nobody wished to know anything they weren’t supposed to, for the Special Division itself was unmentionable.
The plea in his eyes cut me to the quick. His request wasn’t a courteous dismissal. He meant what he said, and I could only nod. Had I been that detached reasoner whose veneer I strove to maintain, it would all have been much easier. Logically I agreed that neither of us was in good shape, but logic couldn’t prevent my spirits from plummeting. Worse still, John felt guilty, no matter how many times I told him it was not his fault.
“Perhaps that explains how this secret refuge came to Mycroft’s attention,” I replied. “He is a man of the city and cares for the charms of the countryside no more than I do.”
Peaceful and healthy routine, really—like sleeping in, regular meals, regular walks in open air, regular sex. Also, the diversity of Holmes’s interests never ceases to amaze me. A comparative analysis of a Celtic and a Semitic languages? Why the hell not? Piece of cake. But of course all Watson’s efforts were ruined when a case found them even there.
“If everything else is to your liking, the papers can be signed tomorrow.” Sherlock passed me a half-smoked cigarette.
“What!”
“All right then.”
I whirled around to have a look at him. There was a predatory glint in the fellow’s sly eyes, his face expectant. He was clearly pleased that his words had affected me. I didn’t realise at first that the snarl I heard was mine as I sprang forward. The first blow felled him, and then I was beating him black and blue. His attempts to shield himself only incensed me further. I would have done him grave injury, had it not been for the police. A deafeningly shrill whistle rang across the street, and in a few moments two sets of hands were pulling me away from the reporter.
John’s right hand caught mine by the wrist so that I stopped frigging him: he was getting too close to the crisis. I released his prick and circled my arm around his waist, moving slower and hitting his sweet spot gentler, without overwhelming his senses. John sighed luxuriously; tension in his body dissipated, his breath becoming calmer. I pressed myself to him and put my hand over his heart which was thrumming madly. He turned his head, and we kissed, our tongues entwining. Now our rhythm was relaxed, almost lazy, as we savoured the simple happiness our physical union brought us, the consummation of our closeness.
“Mr. Holmes, you’ve always had a penchant for the dramatic,” Mrs. Hudson remarked calmly, even though colour drained from her face.
“It’s not ‘sir’ anymore?” I asked as I shrugged off my dressing-gown and reached for my tie.
When we were about to leave, John confessed to Mrs. Hudson that he had known of my secret and apologised profoundly for having kept it from her.
Are you tired of your bleak everyday routine? Add adventure to your life with our Russian Roulette Fortune Biscuits! Crispy and delicious, they have an exciting variety of fillings from a mild laxative to a real diamond! You are guaranteed to leave your burdens behind. Now with a special bonus: a chance to win a fortune. Try your luck, you never know what life can bring!
He put his finger to his lips and motioned me to the opposite armchair. Bewildered, I followed his silent order. Mycroft wrote something on a piece of paper and gave it to me.
“I will, but after nightfall I’ll go,” he murmured.
Another interesting detail is that Murdoch is a math teacher and ACD makes him a prime suspect. As we remember, Moriarty was a mathematician too. It must have sprang from ACD’s distaste for math.
“A duel?” Moriarty drawled with cold amusement.
In a moment John joined me, and I was struck by the happiness shining in his eyes. He was walking on air as if he had emerged victorious, having placed the biggest bet in his life. I couldn’t help smiling at the sight of him.
“Thought you needed a hug,” I replied, holding him tightly in my arms. “Do you find it unpleasant?”
“Good evening, captain,” he said in a deep husky voice. “I haven’t seen you here before.”
it would be only natural for them to destroy Holmes by hurting someone dear to him. Had Watson died by their hands, for Holmes it would have been worse than his own death. Similarly, Holmes kept Watson out of the fight as much as he could. It entailed the three-year separation which was also tragic in many ways, but at least Holmes succeeded in protecting Watson.
Holmes had been in one of his subdued moods even before the influenza outbreak, but when I became extremely busy with patients, he withdrew into his shell. A new case brought no change: absorbed in the investigation, Holmes barely spoke at all. With my consulting hours extended and the ever-increasing number of house calls, I had little energy left in the evenings. My feeble attempts at conversation would usually fall flat.
Originally posted on Jul 26th, 2018
“Then it’s definitely worth buying. These parts are quiet and beautiful. The place is ideal for resting without any disturbance.”
“I am very sorry, sir. I didn’t mean to push you. Here are your books.”
Sharing a vigil together made us reminiscent of the old days, but we hardly spoke, watching the street and listening to every sound within the reaches of the empty house. We were glad to observe plain-clothes policemen in an ambush nearby, which meant that Lestrade had paid heed to my call. John had brought a whistle with him to give the police a signal when the moment would be ripe.
Apart from being written from Holmes’s POV and having a ridiculously romantic gay love story at the center of the plot it has many curious points. Firstly, about the client:
But, alas, it agitated Sherlock more.
“Good Heavens,” Holmes exclaimed, his eyes widening. “You’ve lost all you had.”
“Why do I feel so sick and dizzy?” the man wheezed as I laid him back on the pillow yet again.
I couldn’t care less what Moriarty’s brother’s name was.
The next morning I received a strange telegram. It ran as follows:
“He was hit by a carriage all right. A
Months went by as I hunted down one criminal after another and, unbeknownst to them, maneuvered them into making mistakes which led to their imprisonment. By early 1893 my work in Europe was done: Moriarty’s mercenaries were all either convicted or now served the British government. I proceeded to India, planning to finish off the American branch last as it was quite self-sufficient. My luggage contained a considerable collection of
Now that the noble lady who killed Milverton had passed away, Watson could publish the story. As he often does in the openings, Watson shows us the atmosphere of domesticity with Holmes:
Approaching this story, let’s keep in mind that Watson is an unreliable narrator—he stated so himself on other occasions by mentioning that he had to suppress some facts, change names and dates, etc. This is not to say that the good doctor is a liar. He is a storyteller, he presents facts in a light which he deems most suitable. Actually, that’s what news agencies do all the time—presenting events in a certain way. As a result you have to take your news feed with a grain of salt, and the same goes for Watson’s narrative too. Perhaps that’s why for a while Holmes used to be annoyed with Watson’s method: it’s not a clear reflection of the facts as they are, but rather giving a version of them with creative licence. Remember what Holmes said about Watson in BLAN:
Holmes hunted down foreign spies one by one. Having eliminated the net they had comprised, he finally approached the last agent. Such an undercover mission isn’t something new for him. In 1891-1894 he was presumed dead, and destroying a criminal syndicate which Moriarty left behind would be a far more convincing reason for Holmes to stay away from home and the person dearest to him. Holmes’s travels which Watson writes about in EMPT are just too implausible. It’s far more believable that Holmes tracked down all Moriarty’s accomplices and finally returned to London to catch the last one—Colonel Moran. Some two decades later, the last one is Von Bork.
“Not this time. I’m not leaving you.”
Warning: heavy angst and graphic description of alcohol abuse (but things get better by the end of the chapter)
She sniffed and smiled, clearly trying not to cry. It cut my heart to pieces and I felt like a traitor, but I had to stay silent and deny her the comfort of the truth.
Holmes CARES about people’s feelings. Meanwhile, Watson, as usual, reads his moods and intentions easily:
“No charge is necessary,” I said.
“We’re almost there,” he said. “I have a room in Merridew’s tenement house just around the corner.”
We chose that hill for the picnic we had on John’s birthday. Mycroft employed the best chefs in the country, and the cook in his secret residence was no exception. Our wicker basket full of gourmet dishes and exquisite drinks, we strewed a blanket upon the grass in the shade of a large elm. For hours we lounged, eating from each other’s hands and sipping Lafite, until postprandial somnolence crept over us. John then sprawled himself on the ground with his head in my lap while I sat cross-legged, my back propped against the trunk of the tree.
Alright, perhaps ACD’s vision of Holmes mellowed some thirty years after the above mentioned interview, but I think it’s not the case.
Five years don’t seem as a very long time. As
“Good Heavens, it’s marvellous,” John gasped quietly.
department and given them a certificate confirming Mr. Munro’s demise.”
“Then it’s new to us both,” I replied. “Would you mind if we took it slowly?”
“I’m hungry.”
Moving caused him too much pain to hold a spoon, yet when I took the bowl to feed him, his eyes flashed indignantly. It was clear that he was a proud and self-reliant man who was unaccustomed to being helpless. But he was also a reasonable man, for he eventually allowed me to help. After a few spoonfuls, he was exhausted. His pain still wouldn’t subside, so I gave him a shot of morphine. It helped him to relax, and he fell asleep.
And lastly, this famous part where Holmes appoints Watson as the jury, again speaks volumes of the respect Holmes has for Watson (not to mention how romantic it is to reunite lovers out of one’s own code of honour rather than abiding the law):
“The squire is indeed a congenial neighbour,” he said. “I borrowed a couple of bicycles from The Gables. They are in the garden shed.”
“I never get your limits, John. You definitely have a knack for housekeeping,” Sherlock said, his head cocked on one side. “Well, for now let’s make do with what’s available to arrange our evening ablutions.”
Holmes appeared nonchalant, but his palm pressed to mine was getting damp. Had we worn our dress clothes, I wouldn’t have noticed it through the gloves. Our clasped hands were inappropriately bare, and I could sense every minute tremor of Holmes’s long, nervous fingers. He stopped counting and hummed the melody of the waltz instead, his eyes sparkling as he gazed at me. I forgot all about my brown study, humming along with him. It ceased to be an exercise or a challenge—we were truly enjoying ourselves and quite lost track of time. Perhaps we would have danced until evening, had it not been for my leg cramping up.
Such a look always meant that we would find ourselves in my bedroom upstairs. And so we did.
Tears didn’t let him finish. Wiping them with his sleeve, he reeled a little, as if light-headed. I was stunned, at a loss what might bring such a reaction. He had never cried in my presence for as long as I had known him. His mood swings were becoming very alarming of late.
“Stand back, stay where you are!” he yelled in a horrid, hoarse voice, thrusting out his thin hand in a forbidding gesture. “It’s not what you think. It’s a tropical disease. Contagious by touch! Highly contagious!”
“Give me a couple of days,” Holmes told him.
He took me upstairs to a small room which was empty but for a few sacks of hay. As soon as the door closed behind us, his lips covered mine in a breathtaking kiss. Beside myself with happiness as I was, I couldn’t be at peace until I examined his wounds. They needed re-dressing, but the stitches were surprisingly intact after all he had been through. One of the sacks in the room contained various clothes, wigs, and clean towels. The latter I ripped into new bandages.
“Please leave my room,” he said in a quiet, shaky voice.
John was once the more stable of us two, but that was no longer the case. Quietly, he sank down onto the edge of the settee beside me and hid his face in his hands. He was coping no better than I. It was all my doing, and I hated myself for it. We had been so happy that morning, having woken together after a night of lovemaking, and now we were both miserable.
Upon ascending the lofty staircase and crossing the hall, I saw a thin line of light under the door of the guest room assigned to us. Sherlock wasn’t sleeping. He lay curled on the bed and raised his head as I entered. A smile lit up his face, anxiety disappearing from his features. When I climbed into bed, he clutched me to himself and claimed my lips. His tongue ravished my mouth as we were divesting each other of the confining evening garments. He groaned and gasped, overly sensitive, rigid with tension. His pulse was beating frantically.
”. Not to “my place”, but “
“Please leave me, John. I’d like to be alone.”
“How long have I been unconscious?”
The necessity to keep Mrs. Hudson in the dark was heartbreaking. But I could see that it had to be done for her own safety too. Nevertheless, I couldn’t look her in the eye. Living at Baker Street and deceiving her would be impossible, so I decided to find other lodgings as soon as we got back to London.
Apart from the Norwood case, there was nothing else worth attention in the papers. New clients were unlikely to appear soon. Nevertheless, I asked Mrs. Hudson that we were not to be disturbed unless it was of utmost importance. Holmes begrudgingly agreed with my arrangements and resolved himself to rest. By the end of the week his health was much better.
I rushed to him. Thankfully, the wall behind him had softened his fall; he sank down against it without injuring himself. I took him in my arms and carried him to the couch. He felt lighter than I remembered.
, we learn that Holmes knew that Agatha wouldn’t be sad and alone after his departure:
Coughing, I raised myself from the floor, and John helped me to stand up. He was breathing heavily too, still clutching his pistol in his other hand. We gazed at our defeated enemy lying in a heap at our feet. Even unconscious the old tiger was a formidable sight, his sun-weathered face contorted in a ferocious grimace and his big moustache bristled. His dress-clothes seemed strangely appropriate for the occasion, for this was indeed his grand finale.
“Hmm, you have prepared yourself,” John drawled. “Good. Lay yourself down upon the bed, spread your legs, and bend your knees.”
On Boxing Day, just after we had enjoyed a late breakfast, Lord Roxton and his son called upon us with congratulations. The son, being a seasoned adventurer, was somewhat disappointed that he hadn’t been informed of Saville’s plans and hadn’t participated in his arrest. Lord Roxton offered Holmes a princely reward, but Holmes declined it, taking instead Lord Roxton’s word of honour to establish a school for poor children with a stipend so that their families wouldn’t need to send them to work. Indeed, Lord Roxton kept his word and the school is open to this day, changing lives for the better, while the Roxtons’ Boxing Day charity event became an annual tradition.
It was only half past ten, so the Colonel and I reminisced about our army days, sipping whiskey and water. The Colonel’s manner was perfectly unassuming, but for some reason I had a persistent feeling of discomfort. Perhaps it was the way he looked at me. The easy camaraderie with which he spoke was belied by the simmering passion of his intent gaze. Nothing untoward was happening, and yet being alone with him seemed wrong. After a while I couldn’t stand it and expressed my intent to turn in early. The Colonel’s face fell.
By the end of 1893, after
“You are wearing my jacket,” I said, taken aback, as the smoke dissipated a little and I could have a proper look at him.
John hummed contentedly but didn’t reply. It made me sober a bit; I cursed inwardly, regretting my selfish declaration.
“A moment,” came his flustered reply.
“Can I be of any assistance to you?”
Upon reaching Eastbourne, we hired a dog-cart at the station and had a most enjoyable ride amongst the peaceful hills and meadows of East Sussex. A gentle breeze carried bittersweet notes of wild herbs and flowers and of the soil thoroughly warmed by the sun. The rare rural dwellings were scattered far apart from each other, yet this serene land was teeming with life. There was no clatter of countless feet on the pavement or shrill noises of machinery. Instead there was the singing of crickets and the buzzing of bees.
”. If so, why is it “
“Where am I?” the man croaked. “Who are you?”
“Don’t think about it, Sherlock. Don’t think at all. Just live the present moment, love,” John said softly.
“What was that?”
The effect it had on
“I’ve just turned off the gas. Quick, to the scullery! Help Lucy fetch more water!”
I stifled another moan as his hands slipped back and covered my buttocks. He parted them and ran a forefinger along the cleft. The tip of his forefinger probed my entrance.
And so, the next evening at the Diogenes we were ushered through the Stranger’s Room to Mycroft’s private study, where we were served a lavish dinner. Ironically, it turned into one of those social gatherings Mycroft and I have abhorred since we were boys: polite empty talk and keeping up appearances for the sake of staying civil. John was visibly awkward too, trying hard to build a bridge between us. Mycroft was extremely pleasant, yet little by little he was steering the conversation towards his agenda.
He hummed in appreciation when I put my arms around his waist and brought our bodies flush together. My prick pressed between his buttocks, I slid it along the cleft, making him hiss with pleasure. He took my left hand and guided it to his nipple which became instantly erect at the touch. It sent electric charge from my fingertips straight down, through my spinal cord to my bollocks and cock. Leaking for him, I could wait no longer. I slathered my prick and his hole thoroughly and discarded the now empty vaseline tin. Then I wrapped my hand around my prick and inserted the tip into his anus. Slowly, carefully I pushed into his tight hot arse; he moaned and whined under his breath as my cock stretched him. He relished being entered like that—for a moment his knees almost gave way. I supported him, pulling him closer to myself and thrusting in deeper until I filled him completely. Panting, he regained his footing while I reached for his cock. It was rock hard, pulsing and moist with pre-ejaculate. His girth felt thick and heavy in my hand.
However, which room Watson left before coming to Holmes’s room? The towel suggests that it was either bathroom OR that second room intended for him:
“No, Doctor,” Holmes muttered. “As you must have noticed, I have a history with it. Now I need all my faculties to be as sharp as possible.”
“Checkmate, Holmes,” he said, his bleak grey eyes lighting up triumphantly. “Your weapons won’t help you.”
“Sherlock, I have an idea,” I said to him. “How about a week in the country? It will do you a world of good. I’ve received a letter from my old army comrade, Colonel Hayter, whom I treated while we served in Afghanistan. He has a residence in Surrey not far from Reigate.”
Appalled, I broke off the melody on a half-tone. He sprang to his feet and dashed off to the opposite side of the room where he stood by his desk with his back to me, his shoulders twitching. My first instinct was to run away upstairs and never touch my violin again. How stupid it had been of me to assume that I was helping. My meddling had only done more damage. Yet leaving John alone and upset, without even an apology, would be the height of selfishness and cowardice. Through sheer will I forced myself to bring John a glass of water and put it on the desk beside him.
The relationship between McPherson and Murdoch is a curious parallel between Holmes and Victor Trevor. In both cases two men meet because the dog which belongs to one of them attacks the other. Murdoch resembles Holmes in many ways, being tall, thin, dark, and somewhat detached from reality, living in his own world.
“The charity event would have been cancelled. It would have prevented this attack, but, sadly, not future ones, and next time we could receive no warnings.”
“You can have the room upstairs,” I said. “Then my consulting-room will be free for other patients. I’ll sleep here on the couch. As you have observed, I’m not much of a sleeper, so it won’t be an inconvenience.”
“However, my explanation could cost you your life if my brother’s measures fail. They will arrest you as an accomplice.”
As if reading my thoughts, John went still; his hands released my wrists and slipped down to frame my face. Panting, he gazed at me, his blue eyes intense and his cheeks flushed. The sensation of him within me, of our connection, was endlessly comforting. I was safe and loved. He leaned down, and his lips touched mine gently, reverently, in stark contrast to his ardour just a few moments ago. His tongue claimed my mouth, making love, not ravishing. When our lips parted, John resumed his pace slowly. Ever the romantic, he seemed to have forgotten our little game. I smiled at him and pinched his buttock, encouraging him to go faster. He grinned back impishly and pulled out.
Upon closer examination, it turned out that the man had a broken collarbone and a damaged subclavian artery. That was why he was losing so much blood. I had mere minutes to stitch him up or he would certainly bleed to death.
“Whenever you say, Doctor. I am yours to command.”
The carriage slowed down and took another turn, leaving the main road. We drove on a narrow lane winding into an old, vast forest which seemed to have sprung from the pages of the Grimm fairy-tales. We saw no lights or other indications of village or settlement in the vicinity. John pressed himself closer to me, and I could feel how tense he was with anticipation. This was hardly one of our investigations, yet I too was intrigued.
“I am, of course. But I’ve been worried about you more.”
“Please excuse my outburst, sir,” she said in her usual staid manner. “But this time I can’t handle him. Given the circumstances, it mustn’t continue. Mr. Holmes was absent from Monday till Wednesday, and when he returned, he looked sickly and worn out. I was about to send for you at once, but he assured me that he was a little indisposed and just needed rest. There was no improvement the next day. He refused any help, and when I went up with a tray of food, he didn’t let me in. This morning he talked to me through a half-opened door, all skin and bone, with those great blazing eyes of his, insisting that he was fine. Fine indeed! I refuse to put up with such nonsense any longer.”
Meanwhile, John’s interviews appeared in the press less and less frequently. He looked tired in the photographs. I trailed my fingers over his beloved features, tracing the lines on his face I didn’t recognise. And finally, there were no interviews at all, although the stories kept coming. Mycroft sent me ciphered reports from his agents who kept an eye on John. John’s schedule was very full. He had no health problems. That quelled my anxiety but couldn’t dispel it.
“I do indeed,” Swinsby purred. “Let’s continue our acquaintance somewhere else.”
(ACD in a letter to Dr Bryan Charles Waller, a family friend, September 9, 1876)
He’s absolutely heartbroken when he learns of the tragedy, to the point that nothing except avenging his client can be on his mind. Watson handles the news much better in comparison:
A retriever? Seriously? You’re so besotted, man, that you don’t even care that your obvious is showing.
“A policeman,” the man repeated, aghast. “Then they know I am here. I must go.”
“You will just walk and talk with him,” Holmes replied impassively. “I’ll meet you both at the right time. That will incriminate him, and he’ll have to give the letters back.”
” (PRIOR), etc, etc), and in this story it’s just impossible to miss.
I leaned in and claimed his lips again. Casting off our clothes between the hot, impatient kisses, we made our way blindly to the bed. Naked at last, we settled ourselves down, Sherlock on his side and I kneeling behind him. He produced the vaseline jar from the drawer of the bedside table. I took the jar and bent his upper leg, revealing his entrance. My rigid prick twitched at the sight of that enticing little hole. It was so tempting that I lowered my head and pressed a kiss to it, sensing a faint aroma of lavender soap. His cat-like love of personal cleanliness and that soap in particular have always made me burn. I lapped at the puckered rim, lavishing the hairs around it with saliva and grazing the gentle skin with my moustache. Sherlock began to shiver, but I was relentless—I teased the rim with my lips and teeth and then thrust my tongue inside.
”—he needs to add the “women”, eh?). He gushes about the Baron especially: “
By the time I felt rested, Moran must have departed. Soon John would return, and I knew I wouldn’t be able to sit there and watch him grieve—I would give myself away, which would be a death warrant for us both. So I took to my heels.
—ACD to H. Greenhough Smith [the editor of
I clutched John to my heart’s content, knowing that he didn’t mind my post-coital clinginess, that he in fact enjoyed it. There was only our mingled heavy breathing and the musky, acrid scent of our release. As we exchanged sloppy kisses, John was getting boneless in my embrace. It was time to tuck him into bed.
Russian Roulette Fortune Biscuits!
He put his arm over my shoulder and led me to our corner. John’s scent and the firmness of his body against mine soothed me. He was right: making too much commotion wouldn’t do at all.
One busy day my surgery was full of patients, from parents with feverish children to a local brawler with his nose broken and a laundress with a nasty scald. I was explaining to Mrs. Travers the dosage of cough drops for her youngest son and bandaging the laundress’s burn when suddenly the front door burst open. Two men rushed in bearing an unconscious third between them. I was surprised by the sight, having recognised the carriers: Stamford, a very shady character, and Rance, a member of the local constabulary, had joined efforts in an unlikely alliance. The fellow they were carrying was unknown to me. He was in his late twenties, lean, and dark-haired. His proper, neat clothing indicated a middle-class gentleman, perhaps a City clerk.
He snatched the vaseline jar from the bedside table and slickened himself thoroughly. I had expected him to enter me slowly and carefully, as was his wont, but suddenly he pushed all the way in with one swift motion which took my breath away. He knew he wasn’t hurting me. His thick girth stretched me, and the burning sensation made my toes curl. I gasped, but before I could recover, John started to pound into me. Each thrust was sending a wave after wave of pleasure which merged into an overwhelming tide. I bit my lip, trying not to moan aloud, but to no avail. Being taken so roughly and yet so lovingly reduced me to hoarse sobbing. My soldier was so keen to have me.
“I respectfully decline, Doctor,” Mrs. Hudson said, returning my sovereign. “You are ruining yourself. Mr. Holmes—”
Another curious parallel with the Doyle family is a character of old Mr. McIntyre, a drinking father who gradually descends into madness and later is locked away in an asylum. Rather similar to ACD’s own father, Charles Altamont Doyle.
to relieve his pain, there’s only oil in Holmes’s house. No opium or morphine, considering his past.
The constables guarding the house were staring in our direction with curiosity and confusion.
“Do you promise not to be jealous if I happen to look at a pretty lady?”
My resolve crumbled. Desperate to have him at that very instant, I removed my fingers from his arse and released his cock from my mouth. Neither of us had patience for a slow entry; I slickened myself up hurriedly and shoved my prick into his hole. He let out a low, sensuous groan as I filled him—I was fully inside him at a single push, deep in his tight, hot arse. I began to fuck him in earnest immediately, and with each thrust he kept saying my name like a mantra. He embraced me with his legs as I was slamming into him and we were kissing hungrily. Our bodies thus intertwined, we fucked in a frenzy, panting and moaning, our heartbeats wild. Our passion was consuming us, and we went on and on, having lost track of time. When we finally paused to draw breath, the mindless lust had burned out, and what remained in its wake was endless tenderness. I looked into his eyes; their colour was of the stormy sky. There was none of that habitual sharp austerity about his beloved features. Instead, they were soft and glowing as he was gazing back at me. He stroked my cheek, and my heart was overflowing. I have never loved and been loved like that.
“Damn Mycroft, he scared them all away,” he muttered.
I went back into the house, to my consulting-room, where the stranger was sleeping on the couch. Waking up in an unknown place, his body hurting all over, would certainly give him a turn. I decided to sit with him and calm him when he woke up.
John’s stubbornness was frustrating beyond measure, but I was resolved not to be cross with him.
Holmes bowed like a seasoned actor in front of his admiring public, but then he suddenly paled and grasped the edge of the kitchen table. I dashed to him.
“It was suggestive,” Holmes replied, lighting his pipe. “I wondered who could walk about in the gymnasium, in the streets, at the pub, and at the store absolutely unnoticed. Every person in the gymnasium is known to me, but who could be so inconspicuous? A servant. Somebody most people take for granted. My conjecture was confirmed when I saw not one but two familiar faces among the staff of the store. And then, to be absolutely sure, I visited Mrs. Langley and talked to her.”
“My practice is sold,” John said with a satisfied smile. “What am I to do next? Perhaps write stories again?”
John gave me a long, intense gaze—he clearly realised that there had been attempts on my life as well and that I hadn’t told him about it. I covered his hand with mine in a promise to be cautious and imploring him to do the same.
I was already at the door when he added hastily, “Very well, I’ll let him know. You have my word. Tomorrow.”
“Would you like a shot of morphine?”
. They had nothing to fear, however, for it was all make-believe again. To be more precise, those events had happened before Reichenbach, and they had been carefully orchestrated by Holmes, unlike the fight in Meiringen. Only
If in the beginning of ‘A Study in Scarlet’ Holmes used to ask Watson to let him use the sitting-room when clients came, now he doesn’t even consider taking on a case without his companion. They’ve come such a long way!
As I wrote out the certificate, Mycroft Holmes placed a ten pound note on my desk.
“How on earth did you know I was gambling?” I stammered.
I picked up the crate from the side-table and examined the letters.
“The police are apprised of the situation, I take it?”
I dashed to the bookcase, took the camera from the shelf, and snapped a picture of him. Chuckling, Sherlock headed to the door with Mycroft’s heavy tread.
For a split second I was too startled to move. The next instant, just as I was about to kick him in the bollocks and push him away, there was a blinding flash and the sound of a camera clicking.
“But as always you won’t share your plans with me,” Watson drawled in mock reproach.
Holmes NEEDS his Watson to work more efficiently. He thinks aloud in Watson’s presence and it helps—Watson’s reactions facilitate Holmes’s process of reasoning.
We hailed a cab to go home. The thrill of adventure worn off, we huddled closer to each other for warmth, shivering in spite of ourselves. A nagging headache settled in my frontal lobe, my temples throbbing, and then there was tingling in my nose followed by a nasty bout of sneezing. I managed to take out my handkerchief just in time. Watson looked at me with concern and felt my forehead.
Of all the things which I had encountered over the past three years, finding him in this state was the worst. Bluish veins stood out on his forehead, and his breath fluttered, the rise of his chest barely noticeable. Could it be that I had kept him safe from Moriarty, but he would be snatched away from me by illness?
We finished our session before we could become outrageously obvious. As we headed to the dressing-room, Holmes was discoursing upon the ways our training regimen could be improved, mentioning various practices he had studied on the Continent. Suddenly he fell silent mid-sentence. On the bench beside our lockers there was a small crate with a narrow strip of paper pasted to it. The message contained only two words:
“Are you all right?” I asked.
“These parts are peaceful and beautiful. When I first came here, I realised I needed exactly this after the war,” said the Colonel.
“It is probably for the better, Doctor,” she said, seeing me off. “Putting some distance between your new lodgings and Baker Street is wise. It takes time to cope. But please come visit me if you can, for I shall miss you.”
Thus the news about Holmes knocked the wind out of me. I was in the overfilled medical tent when the nurse said an agitated lady was asking for me. My heart leapt into my mouth at the sight of Mrs. Hudson pacing outside, short of breath and her hat askew.
“What is ailing you, John?” I asked quietly after a long while.
Music had always been more powerful than words with us, so I played for John day after day. He listened to his favourite airs, and his eyes spoke to me even as his lips were sealed. One evening I found the courage to play him a piece I had composed during my wanderings. From the very beginning his face reflected the same agony, the same longing I had felt while thinking of him.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. You were absolutely right in coming for me,” I replied, clamping down my panic with an effort.
“The blackguard,” he murmured. “The bruises are already forming.”
“Then I’m your man. When you like and where you like.”
As they gazed at each other, I had a feeling that their conversation continued without words.
(1961), Poirot is overworked to the point of exhaustion and needs a vacation, just like Holmes does in
“Well then,” Holmes murmured and dropped into a chair with a despondent air.
“It will take at least two weeks.”
“Dr. Watson, just a brief statement,” the rascal cajoled.
“Absolutely not. It’s already enough that I have to leave our flat.”
“You? Ready to die? Really? You, who’d rather sacrifice children than yourself,” Holmes said with contempt.
The rage I had felt upon learning of his death had burned out. So had the energy with which I had tracked down his murderers. Seized by apathy, I was unable to move a muscle, to fetch the morocco case. There would be no euphoric rush in my veins; I didn’t deserve an easy escape. This time I would face the facts since they had always been the very basis of my so-called method. I was a failure, not a pioneering professional. I didn’t even have a degree. An ignoramus with superficial, unsystematic knowledge. Mycroft had been right on all accounts. He had scolded me for abandoning the university, for not pursuing a well-defined career, for turning to narcotics. In my hubris I had thought to prove him wrong whereas he had merely pointed out the real state of affairs. The causes and effects were clear: lack of knowledge—poor evaluation of circumstances, no career—subpar practical experience, cocaine—a softened brain with no common sense. Up to a certain point my illusions hadn't harmed anyone, but now the inevitable had happened. My client, a man who had relied on me, was dead.
“He said it quietly, to himself, but his voice carried quite well in the empty hall. I stood paralysed with horror while he left, whistling carelessly.
“I’ll be ready for you,” I murmured.
“I can’t blame you, sir. You did what you had to,” she replied, shaking her head.
A brisk middle-aged fellow greeted us in the meeting-room. I don’t quite recall his name or appearance, except for the grating voice in which he read the will. Mycroft was to receive half of Sherlock’s worldly goods, and I the other half. It was a considerable sum. Sherlock and I had been saving for a country house where we could spend weekends in leisure. Now it was not to be. I didn’t need the money. I needed Sherlock back at my side.
“I am afraid that we are compelled to postpone that until tomorrow, my dear Mrs. Hudson,” I said. “But there are some directions for you which you must follow to the letter for your own safety. If I am not much mistaken, tonight one individual shall try to assassinate me with an air-gun, so please stay away from the windows and convey this same warning to Jenny and Billy as well.”
His pupils dilated, and he licked his lips. God, he was delectable. My prick stirred, starting to harden. Holmes swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbing up and down. Countless images flashed through my mind and countless sensations rose in my memory, tempting, titillating… Not just yet. His hand withdrew, and he collected himself visibly. His face was an inscrutable mask again, but the glint in his eye remained.
“The environs are vaguely familiar, although I can’t be sure,” John mused, clutching my arm. “I think Mrs. Hudson and I passed these places on the way to the Turners.”
“No, but since then I could never work as a medical man. You might say I got off lightly. That fellow, for example,” Stamford glanced towards the surgery, “must have really ticked
“Pray do so at once,” I hissed, releasing him.
“I do.”
I felt utterly crushed. My quest, my nearly-accomplished goal—all of it seemed to have lost its meaning. I sent inquiries to Mycroft at once. Was John all right? Or… perhaps he was weary of the long wait? Had he met someone else? According to the reports, nothing was amiss. But was Mycroft telling me the truth? I was deeply engaged in my covert work in America and had no way to check.
“John, my work should be completed by May,” I said, focusing after a momentary relapse. “The closer I get to them, the more dangerous it is for those dearest to me. This flat is becoming unsafe, so I have already made some provisions. Mrs. Hudson shall visit her sister in Kent, and Jenny and Billy shall have leave for a fortnight. You shall move to Mycroft’s, for his rooms are under government protection, and you shall keep your revolver with you at all times.”
Here I am compelled to end my first attempt at prose. I shall sign it with my
“It won’t be much of a life if you ruin yours,” I replied.
him into taking a holiday. Even in The Adventure of the Reigate Squire Holmes wasn’t that pigheaded.
” upon the outbreak of the Great War. So before that, he could easily travel in America with lectures, just as ACD did at one point.
Flabbergasted, I dropped into a chair myself.
“Besides being a ruthless murderer, Saville writes under a nom-de-plume. A multifaceted personality—unusual criminals often are,” Holmes elaborated. “Born of impoverished gentlefolk, he had high hopes for an illustrious military career serving in artillery. Those hopes were cut short by the Siege of Khartoum during the Mahdist war, when he contracted cholera and barely survived. Upon being invalided, he became disillusioned, blaming the Crown for all his woes, and thus joined anarchists. His skills as a mechanic proved especially useful in the preparation of intricate infernal machines.”
I believe that I am one of the most long-suffering of mortals; but I’ll admit that I was annoyed at the sardonic interruption.
indeed.” Mycroft wrinkled his nose. “You must not appear in public at all or you will be arrested one of these days. I shall make arrangements for you to have your honeymoon in the country.”
“I’ll bring some water from the well and put the kettle on,” he said.
Having reached the coast-line, we climbed the highest hill which provided an excellent vantage point to review the surroundings.
“Rest has done you a world of good, my dear boy,” Mycroft remarked, settling himself down in John’s armchair unceremoniously. “Your withdrawal syndrome has passed, I trust?”
“I just sent a note to the municipal office, and someone showed up,” I kept insisting. “You don’t suppose I would bury a stranger at my own expense?”
I lunged at Moriarty, cutting off his tirade. We wrestled furiously: his grip was vise-like and his strength equalled mine. He tried to snatch the pistol from my pocket, and as I thwarted his attempts, we drew closer and closer to the edge of the cliff. The raging stream was surrounded by mist, countless tiny droplets soaking our hair, our faces, our clothes. Locked in a clinch, we grappled, balancing on the slippery path. When Moran’s bullet whistled past my head, I dodged instinctively. At the same instant Moriarty attacked again. The momentum sent us hurtling onto the ground and we tumbled over the edge. I grasped the sharp rocks, but Moriarty was a heavy burden and so we were sliding down fast. He started trying to climb up, clinging to my shoulders and pushing me into the abyss. My bleeding hands would soon give way. I kicked him with all my might until he let go and fell, screaming. Before my fingers lost their grip entirely, I directed my body towards the ledge I had noticed. The impact knocked the breath out of me and bruised my side badly. Yet I survived.
to happen to you?”
Writing short stories instead of full-length novels would be faster and easier. I had been entertaining the possibility for a while already. Weaving a special message into the fabric of the narrative should not be very difficult. A deliberate inaccuracy in the circumstances of a case would draw his attention, and he would realise instantly the secret meaning of a phrase which for anyone else would be just a part of the story.
“And you must remain dead to be safe,” Mycroft Holmes said.
An hour later the lock in the heavy door of my cell clicked, and Lestrade came in.
“Sherlock,” I pleaded.
I had discovered that the syndicate frequently sabotaged operations of British intelligence. That was a direct challenge to Mycroft himself, and thus all his resources were fully at my disposal. I had long resisted Mycroft’s attempts to recruit me for government service, but finally this gave him the upper hand in the matter. I wanted to be done with it as quickly as possible, so I had to be at peak efficiency. This often meant that I would forego rest for days and weeks, functioning on various chemical stimulants. Frankly, it’s surprising that I didn’t develop a severe addiction.
What I can’t stop thinking about is how heavily coded many of ACD’s works are. Not only Holmes stories and novels—other short stories and novels too. This simply can’t be a coincidence.
It’s going to be a lengthy post because this story is ripe with marital bliss and hurt/comfort.
1) The fact that Holmes was no match for Moran in a hand-to-hand fight and that Watson described him “thinner and keener than of old” received a bit of elaboration here.
Our private fancy ball proved to be an absolute success. Sated, exhausted, and boneless, for a long while we lay in a tangle of limbs, skin to skin. John had discarded his tunic and undershirt, so there was nothing between us. I had cleaned us up lazily, and now we were sharing the afterglow.
The first draft was ready while Mrs. Hudson and I were still in Kent. Upon returning to London, I consulted my notes and diaries and did some minor editing. There was a new popular periodical called
The following passage is quite curious because: a) it shows that not only Holmes can deduce Watson’s train of thoughts by observing his features, but Watson does it with him as successfully; b) Holmes
“How badly does it hurt?” I asked.
He didn’t seem ashamed of being a virgin at thirty-two. He merely stated a fact, much in the same way as when he would discourse upon his deductive methods. Perhaps he had accepted it about himself and directed his energies into his scientific pursuits. Or perhaps he had chosen not act upon his desires. Whatever the reason, for me his chastity was endearing.
, was delighted and asked for more.
his consent to an interview. As for me, I shall start writing up the case of the Reigate squires at once, while everything is still fresh in my memory.
It was a delight to read such a story penned by ACD, because sometimes I was frustrated by his handling of female characters. For instance, in
He offered no more argument.
When I returned to our flat, a terrible malodorous smell attacked my nostrils the moment I entered the sitting-room. Poor Gladstone darted past me and through the opened door down the stairs, apparently to seek refuge in Mrs. Hudson’s parlour. The state of the room was appalling: heaps of papers strewn everywhere, vials with reagents occupying every surface—even my desk—and acrid smoke ceiling-high.
“Not for food,” Sherlock said, fixing me with a look I knew rather well.
A groom whose face I couldn’t make out in the dark provided us with a dogcart. We rattled along deserted streets further to the east, to the grimy bowels of Whitechapel. Holmes navigated without difficulty in the maze of curving alleyways and slums despite the thick yellowish fog.
“He’s been starving himself these days,” I replied quietly. “Would you get us a cab please, Lestrade?”
“So we shall, dear. Tomorrow. And now, when was the last time you’ve eaten?”
“There’s a cab waiting,” Lestrade continued after an awkward pause. “You are free to go.”
He watched me with heavy-lidded eyes, following the movements of my fingers as I was undoing my necktie and collar and then unbuttoning my waistcoat and shirt. My headache abated somewhat; my heart was beating faster under his gaze raking over my body. I sauntered closer to him and stripped in a slow, graceful manner. Teasing him stirred my blood, warmth spreading along my chest and neck and rushing to my groin. John had a catching of breath when I shed my trousers and drawers and stood in front of him completely nude, as Nature had created me. I hadn’t perceived myself as beautiful before we became lovers, yet the way he looks at me and speaks to me, the way he touches me and describes me in his writings made me feel it. It is wonderous.
“Rumour has it and Doctor Watson’s writings confirm that you can understand much from very little, sir. My grandchildren and I love to play charades, you see.” Mrs. Langley lowered her eyes and smiled.
Holmes’s panicked outcry is almost verbatim Abe Slaney’s from DANC who was in love with Mrs. Cubitt (“
Approaching the pair, I slowed my pace and shamelessly stared at Swinsby from across the street. That prompted him to turn his head in my direction. His eyebrow arched, he trailed an appraising look along my body. I winked and smiled, cringing internally. It worked like a charm, though: he abandoned the young corporal at once and walked up to me.
Unlike the perceptive Mrs. St. Clair (TWIS), Mrs. Davenheim is described in rather unflattering terms:
“Would you tell us how you learned of the impending explosion?” Holmes asked.
He handed Mrs. Langley a five pound note which she took, completely dazed.
Holmes was by my side at once.
This story has so many points I’d like to bring up for discussion that for convenience I broke this analysis into two parts. Charles Augustus Milverton had a real prototype—Charles Augustus Howell (1840–1890), who was an art dealer, had a reputation of a blackmailer, and was found dead at strange circumstances (
I was a bit surprised by his using my Christian name in front of an outsider. We usually reserve such intimacy for our home where there’s no one else except our household. But since the Colonel knew of our relationship, perhaps this precaution wasn’t necessary.
In a few moments Lestrade caught up too, panting, and fastened hand-cuffs on Saville’s wrists. However, Lestrade was alone, without Holmes. My heart pounding in terror, I dashed back to the main hall. Five minutes must have already elapsed and there had been no explosion, yet I sighed in relief only upon seeing him by the clock castle, alive and well.
“Will you come back to live with me?” I asked.
He was sitting in the shabby armchair by the fire, looking very pale and still exhausted. His eyes were heavy-lidded, and his head rested on the back of the armchair.
“I can give you a medical certificate confirming it,” I chimed in.
I paid the cabby and sprang out of the hansom the moment it stopped. My heart hammered wildly as I ran up the front steps, pushed open the door, and made for the consulting-room through the smoke-filled corridor. From its opposite end John was hurrying to the consulting-room too, carrying a bucket of water.
“Well done, well done indeed, my boy.”
The burglary is far less dramatic: there’s no hand holding behind the curtains, no chases through the garden and narrow escapes, no witnessing of the blackmailer being murdered by his former victim. Nope. Poirot just finds what he was looking for. The blackmailer is killed offstage somewhere in Holland. The lady and the bloke who pretended to be the blackmailer when he talked to Poirot are actually two crooks who had robbed a jewellery shop and had been in league with the real blackmailer until he decided not to share with them and hid the jewels in his house.
“On Thursday evening last week I was delayed at the store, for there was much to do before Christmas,” she said. “It was already late, and the store was closed. When I was cleaning the lumber room in the gallery, I was surprised to hear noises from the main hall. Curiosity got the better of me, so I went to the balustrade as carefully as possible and peeped down. Below, the new toymaker seemed to be repairing the big clock. Poor fellow, I thought, he has a lot of work too. But then he finished quickly and stepped aside, arms akimbo.
is basically what became Gregory House’s catchphrase “Everybody lies.”
The Russian flu was at the time the deadliest flu pandemic in Britain. It was the first truly urban outbreak, gliding from town to town by rail and passing through tightly packed terraces and soot-smeared workshops at speed. It even sent the prime minister Lord Salisbury to his sickbed for over two weeks, and Queen Victoria’s grandson, Prince Albert Victor, the second in line to the throne, to his grave. (
, although now I know your real name. And this must be Dr. Watson, I believe.”
“Are you not going to correct any inaccuracies in my conclusions?”
At first I managed to stay in touch with Mrs. Hudson via notes, but within a week or so I found myself too tired to scrawl even a few words. I would drag myself to bed well after midnight and drop asleep instantaneously.
,” I replied matter-of-factly. Mycroft’s curiosity was somewhat invasive, but John’s well-being was more important.
”. Get a grip, Watson, really.
Thoughts of the case abandoned, I got to my feet and followed John upstairs. The door of his bedroom was locked which only confirmed my conjecture.
In a few heartbeats, Moran pressed the trigger. The sound of the shot was barely audible—no wonder no one had heard it on such a busy street as Park Lane—and there was a clang of broken glass in the distance. That was the cue for me to charge. I jumped forward and grabbed Moran, my blood boiling. At that moment I was ready to kill him. Moran dropped the gun and fell flat under my weight, but before I knew it our positions were reversed. I was on the floor, Moran’s iron grip around my throat and his sharp knees digging into my stomach. It was a horrid realisation: years of neglecting my health had taken their toll and now my quarry was stronger than I. But in the next instant, John had knocked Moran out with a hit on the head and dragged him off of me.
By noon we had another, much humbler visitor. A timid-looking lady in her sixties wearing a worn, dark dress was ushered into our sitting-room. Her face was round and good-natured, her shoulders stooped, and her hands red and coarse.
2) Before 1886, marriages could be solemnised between 8 and 12 o’clock in the morning. Upon introduction of the Marriages Act of 1886, it became legal to get married until 3 in the afternoon. In SCAN, Holmes says, “It was twenty-five minutes to twelve, and of course it was clear enough what was in the wind” and Godfrey Norton urges him to become their best man: “Come, man, come, only three minutes, or it won't be legal.” Therefore, SCAN took place before 1886, and not in 1888 as Watson tells us.
He waved his hand cheerfully and in a blink of an eye had darted off down a side-street.
This story illustrates how tragic the consequences of miscommunication may be. There are also some curious parallels between Mr. and Mrs. Cubitt vs. Holmes and Watson. I will go through it by themes rather than in chronological order.
Of course the doctor does notice the details of the crime scene, etc, and undoubtedly ACD used this device to give readers a clear image of Holmes, but what he achieved was ultimately incredibly slashy.
And so Holmes and I are back at Baker Street. Holmes is going through the accumulated mail with fresh zeal, having already wired
“I believe you,” I replied soothingly. “Sherlock, you haven’t been eating these three days, have you?”
“I call it deduction,” he replied, a small smile touching his lips.
“What if you hadn’t observed a criminal known to you?”
“Then we should repeat it.”
The day went on uneventfully; none of my patients mentioned Holmes even in passing, making it seem as if he didn’t exist at all and had never appeared in my surgery. Holmes stayed upstairs the whole day, and we saw each other only in the evening, after I had closed up. Changing Holmes’s bandages, I was glad to observe that his wounds were healing steadily.
“Or perhaps he finally trusts me enough with your heart. Who knows?”
“This bed should be chopped into firewood,” I groaned and finally opened my eyes.
“I might have some objections to the style, but that doesn’t mean I didn’t like it,” Holmes parried airily.
Right. Since we were perfectly alone, there was no need for the obligatory precaution of calling each other by our surnames. But the place was unfamiliar, and the habit had grown indelible over the years.
“Martha, hot water and more bandages, quick!” I yelled to the maid, grasping a packet of freshly sterilised instruments from the boiler.
“Blimey,” he gasped. “Mr. ‘ol—”
“Never,” Sherlock said, patting my hand. “Not with a heart like yours.”
“Then I’ll come with you. You won’t make it without medical care.”
My curt reply made John wince. He gave me an anxious glance and put his hand over mine under the table.
I briefly marvelled at the simple ingenuity of the cypher: every fourth word was significant.
The threat left me with a heavy feeling, however. Having started the fight against Moriarty, I had since then been aware of the danger it entailed for John. The Professor wouldn’t have had any scruples about hurting him to bring me down. The way matters stood, it was only a question of time.
I didn’t enjoy drinking in the slightest. Quite the contrary, my body rebelled against it. But physical indisposition was a passable distraction from the wretched, hateful reality. Eventually the spirit case ran dry, and I continued on drinking my way through anything that contained alcohol. I knew what degradation it would entail. At last I understood my brother, how he felt, having lost his beloved wife and newborn son. Henry’s appalling conduct made perfect sense now. Perhaps he could have pulled himself together and moved on, being reasonable. Only he hadn’t wished to. Neither did I.
Watson saluted again, turned on his heel, and marched to the door, his back ramrod straight. The tunic covered his pert buttocks but tantalisingly repeated their curve.
John grunted, bending his arm and exposing his wrist. A mischievous smile touched his lips as he regarded the bracelet.
Having battled with Sherlock’s affliction for years, I wouldn’t touch morphine. The spirit case in the corner would serve the purpose. Something stronger than brandy would be necessary. I poured myself a full glass of whisky, not bothering to add soda into it. My throat burned; the heat spreading in my stomach was bringing no relief. I drank more and more whisky, vaguely aware of a salty tang upon my lips. My face was wet. I drank until the bottle slipped from my limp fingers and rattled on the floor, empty. The room swam in front of my eyes. Heavy lassitude crashed down on me. I welcomed it, falling into the darkness, an abyss of my own from which I did not wish to return.
I just smiled at him warmly, knowing that Holmes was right.
“But how did a walnut, a clock, and a figurine lead you to the trail of this anarchist? And who sent them?”
We were spending a Friday afternoon ensconced on the sofa. Holmes lay napping with his head in my lap whilst I sat stroking his hair idly and reading a yellow-backed novel.
“For half an hour I remained there frozen to the spot, fearing that he might return. At last I managed to sneak out. I was at my wit’s end. What if the police wouldn’t believe me? What if he would learn that I talked to the police? Surely, he would do away with me!
would be a waste of breath.”
Our hands remained linked. I hoped this human touch would comfort Holmes at least a little. As if reading my thoughts, Holmes smiled weakly and closed his eyes.
But I wanted him to forget about control, to become undone. I slid my finger across his perineum, from his bollocks to his puckered entrance. Nice and clean, it wasn’t yet slickened with vaseline. He hadn’t used the toy yet, just as I had thought. I pressed my fingertip in, but only just, teasing him. He went completely still as I traced and caressed his rim with my fingers. John gripped my shoulder with a quiet groan and pulled his prick out of my mouth. His hand slipped into the pocket of his dressing-gown, whence he produced a small vaseline tin and passed it to me.
He didn’t answer but heaved a stifled sigh, and then, as if losing an inner battle, leaned into my embrace. His heart was hammering wildly, his agitation palpable. Never before had he let his guards down and accepted my support. Usually he would shy away from me, retreat into his shell or pretend that he was all right. It had been going on for years: he would do anything to make me feel better whenever I struggled with my own demons but shut me out immediately if I tried to help him. He would refuse to admit that he too could be vulnerable. That long lasting strain must have taken its toll on him.
My John, whatever was he seeing in me? I wasn’t handsome. I was egotistical, arrogant, and misanthropic. Most people couldn’t stand me, including my own brother, who was fond of me but preferred a limited exposure. John and Mrs. Hudson were two exceptions, both long-suffering and infinitely patient. While Mrs. Hudson wisely maintained distance as behooved a proper landlady, John received the entire impact of temper tantrums, superior attitude, and being taken for granted. I was blessed with his friendship and something I had never dared to hope for—his love. He was in a union persecuted by law and had a mentally unstable, good-for-nothing partner. It was only a matter of time before he grew tired of me.
“Tell
Such themes as their partnership, Holmes’s empathy, and Watson’s perceptiveness can be found literally in every story/novel of the Canon. In this one Holmes says to Huxtable,
“You had fewer patients today,” Holmes said in the evening.
“They must have been following me as I was walking back to Baker Street. Taunton Mews is often deserted even in broad daylight, so they took advantage of that,” John said.
“I have,” he replied, the pensive expression of his eyes softening. “Are you game for a walk and sparring after breakfast?”
“Holmes,” I said. “Please. Sherlock.”
He looked at me with such adoration that I felt my cheeks burn the way they had the very first time we had investigated a case together, when he had been amazed at my deductions of the crime scene in another empty house. I would have pressed him against the wall and ravished his mouth had we not been obliged to stay alert. His eyes twinkled, for the turn of my thoughts was obvious to him. He caressed my hand in silent promise: later that night he would be mine and I would be his again.
The scorching Afghan sun was ruthless. The supplies were out; the retreat had already begun, haphazard and ugly. I couldn’t dwell on it, for I had a patient to attend to. The poor fellow’s chest was badly mangled by a Jezail bullet, and he had lost a copious amount of blood, lying on the stretcher at the side of the road, abandoned to his fate by those who had been carrying him.
“I’m sure you selected the best one. After all, it was you who found our Baker Street flat,” I replied.
“And you decided to persuade Smith that his scheme worked. You tested your malingering skills first on Mrs. Hudson, and then on me,” I said quietly.
I was ready to strangle him then and there. Over the years Holmes’s pranks have tended to grow more elaborate and devious, but this one really crossed the line. It was no joking matter to me. People were dying, and instead of tending to them, I was wasting my time because of his silly whim!
3. Watson, however, is too a determined fellow to give up that easily. He’s so protective of his Holmes. Holmes is amused and apologetic. Note “our peace” and “our cottage”, oh this possessive case again:
“Yes, being so suddenly uprooted was annoying,” Sherlock replied with a sardonic sniff. Then his wry smile disappeared, his eyes becoming serious. “John…” he said and faltered.
My teeth set, I knocked at the door. The maid who answered informed me that the doctor had just gone out. No, I wouldn’t like to leave a message for him and would call on him at another hour, thank you.
Thankfully, his symptoms were not as bad as I had anticipated: nothing that wouldn’t be remedied by rest and relaxation. His mental state was a more complicated matter.
“What’s next?” I asked Holmes as we stood on the pier hand-in-hand.
Blast propriety. I wouldn’t refuse him the comfort of touch because of convention. Besides, we were in France, not in Britain. Having changed into my nightshirt as well, I put out the light and joined him in bed.
“Of course. How absurdly simple,” John muttered faintly, and we burst out laughing.
A slick substance was smeared across my palm. At a close look, the flush on his cheeks bore a suspicious resemblance to rouge, and his paleness seemed enhanced by white powder while the crusts around his lips—
Maud Bellamy, when asked whether Murdoch was an admirer of hers, says:
There, Watson deduces Holmes’s mood and thoughts from his features again:
Watson instantly wins people over—he did it years ago with Holmes himself and with us, readers: you get to like the chap just a few pages into
Upstairs, John’s bedroom—the larger one which we had shared—was as cosy as if we had never been away. Our double bed was made up with fresh linens. I sensed slight tremors in John’s hands while we undressed each other. His racing heartbeat and the urgency of his kisses were born not only of passion. He was nervous just as I was, just as we both had been years ago, the first time we had been intimate. John blushed under my gaze, uncomfortable and ashamed, when I had divested him of his clothes and he was lying naked on the bed. His body once was toned with rippling muscles, stout and powerful. Now ribs protruded from under his sallow skin, and his belly was sunken, no trace of that roundness about it which I had so adored. It broke my heart even more that John was distressed by my gaze. His full stand flagged and so did mine. I extended my own withered arms, riddled with countless needle punctures. He contemplated them mournfully, trailing feather-light caresses along my damaged flesh. It was ugly, yet he cherished it nonetheless, his eyes shining with a steadfast resolve to cure my wounds. Our gazes met, and the shadow cleared from his face, for he realised that I accepted and cherished him just the same. There was no one else in the world for me, no one more desirable than he. It rekindled the fire in us. Our first union was hurried and sloppy; neither of us was able to draw out our pleasure, but it didn’t matter. Too overwrought to sleep, we worshipped each other’s bodies throughout the remains of the night.
Mrs. Hudson’s brother-in-law met us at the station with a dog-cart. Mr. Turner was an amiable rotund man in his fifties, the epitome of a hard-working English farmer. He drove us as carefully as he could, having noticed that I was unwell. When we alighted by an old but sturdy farmhouse and were ushered into a cosy drawing-room, Mrs. Turner welcomed us, as boisterous and enthusiastic as ever.
“H-how do you know?” I stammered.
So, as usual, ACD turns out to be ambiguous in his views. On the one hand, they are quite conventional for his time, while on the other he admits that women are equally intelligent as men, and can even surpass them.
“Indeed, why?”
and informed Mr. Smith that no more stories would follow.
I think the same is true about Watson, that he, too, has “the Celtic enthusiasm and power of attachment” (HOUN). He has a certain duality about his character just as Holmes does. On the one hand Watson is reserved and infinitely patient as befits a gentleman and a good doctor. On the other Watson is impressionable, emotional, and poetic, and has a flair for the dramatic (again a common trait with Holmes—they both are such drama queens). Watson’s emotions are always lurking under the surface, but Watson keeps them at bay most of the times which is quite telling of the strength of his character and also kindness. Even when Holmes goes too far, Watson forgives him.
Holmes always does what he can to help those who are vulnerable. He doesn’t stand by and watch when there’s an injustice being done and sees clearly through Gibson’s lies. Gibson comparing him with
”. It’s a story of Poirot’s failure for Hastings to “
At our request various training equipment was delivered from London. We boxed, exercised, and went boating regularly on a small lake we had found in the depth of the forest. All of this worked wonders for John’s physique; he knew perfectly well what he did to me by rolling up his sleeves or discarding his shirt altogether. He teased me by flexing his arms or assuming the pose of a weight-lifter until I couldn’t tear my eyes from his sun-kissed body. Completely alone for many miles around, we swam in the lake naked and basked in the sun on the shore. The boathouse by the lake became one of our favourite places for carnal pleasures.
7. If anything threatens Holmes, Watson is ready to protect Holmes, no matter how formidable an opponent can be. It happens throughout many cases, and it is so beautiful:
I thanked him for his valuable comments which I had no intention of heeding. He seemed to have missed my message to Sherlock, and it was all that mattered.
I was happy to see the back of them and watched surreptitiously from the window until they were out of sight. When I returned to the kitchen, Holmes had already changed and washed his face. His eyes shining mischievously, he burst into a hearty laugh which was so contagious that I couldn’t help laughing too.
There was a knowing, mischievous glint in his eyes. Again, he read me like an open book.
Holmes got up, made several infirm steps, and reeled. I caught him by the elbow of his good arm and led him back to the couch.
I thought about how nice it would be to have a country house. Not a big one, just a cottage where Sherlock and I could spend weekends, roam through the glades together away from curious eyes, laze about the house undisturbed by visitors, and be as loud in bed as we wished. As ever, Sherlock seemed to have read easily what was on my mind.
“Thank you,” I said, as deeply touched by the sentiment as by the gift itself. “I also have something for you.”
Heat was spreading in my lower belly, my prick hardening at the image of John, the debonair officer. I craved him, his scent, his taste, his body against mine; I wished to be full of him and feel him move inside me. It was maddening.
I might still have a chance to rectify my lack of assurance, and for that I had to stay alive. I examined my surroundings, searching for anything I could turn to my favour, any point of advantage. Under the edge of the cliff there was a small ledge where it might be theoretically possible to cling and hide, albeit a refuge that would require considerable dexterity, effort, and luck to utilise.
I nodded, and he started to count again. Our movements were not quite harmonious since both of us had been out of practice for a long while. Besides, being led rather than leading must have been indeed foreign to Holmes’s dominating nature. My limbs felt unwieldy; afraid of treading on Holmes’s feet, I manoeuvred him clumsily, and we ran into the sofa.
When our relationship had transitioned from platonic to physical, at first he had preferred being taken. Soon, however, he had come to enjoy the reverse role as much, moved by my vulnerability and unconditional trust. His caring for me has no bounds. Being the only man I have ever had, he taught me same-sex love practices, and we keep exploring each other. Our closeness makes it easy to experiment and try new things. It is a most fascinating journey.
The house was cosy inside, furnished with utmost care to preserve the traditions of old. At the same time one could trace the Colonel’s refined, demure taste. A room with a spacious four-poster bed had been prepared for Holmes and me. Soon after we settled down there was the gong for dinner.
Sure enough, at five minutes past eleven Martha ushered a police inspector into my consulting-room. While Mycroft Holmes had been intimidating, this representative of authorities was merely unpleasant. He resembled a fat rat, with his pouch-like cheeks, long droopy moustache, and small shifty eyes. Constable Rance was following in his wake.
“I shall not benefit from this,” I said, hurling the paper into the grate. “It will be better if everything goes to next of kin.”
At the crossroads we turned towards a grove in a small valley between the hills. Only upon approaching the grove did the valley unfold completely in front of our eyes and a lovely Georgian house become visible. Built of red brick, with a brown-tiled roof and white airy sash-windows, it was modest but genteel and welcoming. Although the garden which surrounded it had run to seed and the tall yew hedge was unkempt, there was something artistic about that state of neglect.
“By at least two men,” Mycroft added from the sofa.
“Maybe call in a masseuse later, when we are decent?”
As ever, Watson reads Holmes with ease, and not only him, demonstrating his observation skills by noticing the fake Garrideb’s moods too. As ever, they are comfortable around each other: Holmes touches Watson’s wrist as a signal for action in the ambush, doesn’t lose an instant to rip Watson’s trousers with his pocket-knife to examine the wound, and then Watson leans on Holmes’s arm.
“In this case you shall have all necessary support.”
It was unbearable to stay in the bedroom, so I went down to the sitting-room. I paced from corner to corner, looking at the clock and biting my nails. I prayed that John would return soon and relieve me from my agony. Minutes slowly ticked away, seemingly endless. Smoking wasn’t a good distraction. I gnawed at my black clay pipe, knowing that John favoured it too and held it between his lips as often as I did.
” where a professor transplants human pituitary gland and testicles to a stray dog, and it mutates into a man).
A good appetite was a trait the doctor and I had in common. We enjoyed roast beef—my chef’s specialty—and a comet vintage, engaging in small talk. As I asked Watson about his practice and Sherlock’s well-being, it tickled me to observe the gears working in his head. He was clearly wondering why I had invited him.
S. H.
“For God’s sake, have you no sense at all?” I snarled. “Don’t you realise what’s going on out there? There are hundreds and hundreds of people desperate for medical help, and you drag me here to be your messenger boy? You gave Mrs. Hudson such a scare! What about her feelings? Fine, you have no respect for me; have you none for her?”
“Yes,” I murmured. “Yes, of course.”
Forgoing preparation was rather extraordinary. We rarely did that. Of us two I was more suitable, since I was the receiving partner more often, and even then we risked it only if John had taken me the previous night.
Whenever Holmes waxes uncharacteristically poetic we can’t take it as is because there was a disclaimer from Watson: “
I took out the morocco case and opened it. It contained a round gold bracelet, plain and thin, so as not to impede movement when worn. The date of our meeting was engraved upon its inner side. I leaned forward and, having reached for John’s left wrist, put the bracelet around it. The lock clicked; the bracelet slipped under his shirt cuff, invisible for the world yet there for us.
, ACD wrote of an intelligence worker who operated from “
“Good God, Dr. Watson,” he said.
“Middle-sized, shabbily dressed fellows,” he replied. “The one with the knife was rather swarthy with an earring in his left ear. The one who tried to strangle me from behind had a scar across his jaw.”
After this attempt has failed, Holmes decides to infiltrate into Milverton’s household:
I checked on Holmes several times—he was either asleep or reading newspapers avidly, as if searching for something. He ate every meal that was brought up to him, apparently having set a goal of getting better as quickly as possible. I had to admit to myself that I was as curious as my patients. I kept wondering what had happened to him but he had hardly encouraged my curiosity.
“Certainly. Lestrade shall be in ambush with us at Christmas after the store is closed for the night, and constables shall watch the exits.”
” whenever Poirot becomes too conceited. Compare:
“I swear, there are no more papers,” Openshaw was pleading. “I’ve given you the only one that was left.”
“Incorrigible,” I sighed. “Very well, your efforts shouldn’t be wasted. You wanted me to fetch Smith? I’ll do that for you.”
“Perhaps Mr. Holmes will solve this mystery,” Colonel Hayter said and winked.
“Will you please go away,” I said, wrenching my arm free from his grasp.
“Good God, what’s wrong with him, Dr. Watson?” Lestrade exclaimed, his beady eyes alarmed.
“Easy, easy,” I said quietly, laying him back on the pillow. “You’ve been injured in an accident and required surgery.”
“Ah, the case,” he said, puffing out blue rings of smoke. “We are to investigate a century-old farmhouse, my dear Watson. You’ll see for yourself when we arrive.”
He snuggles closer to me in his sleep, and I kiss the top of his head. His hand is resting upon my chest. The bracelet on his wrist peeks from under the cuff of his nightshirt. He is my conductor of light. Darkness cannot devour me while we are together.
“Something to think about, eh, Doc?” Stamford said, stamping out the cigarette stub. “Well, I’d best make myself scarce. So long!”
For many months the work had been grueling as I was destroying the foundation of Moriarty’s gang brick by brick. The last cornerstone was Jelland, the most ingenious forger in Europe, who managed to run his business in the heart of London, keeping the Yard none the wiser and flooding the City with counterfeit banknotes. Over the previous five years I had cut off other sources of the gang’s financial supply such as the frauds of Baron Maupertius or Milverton’s blackmail schemes, as well as the failed bank robbery John described in ‘The Red-Headed League’. But Jelland was a crucial figure, for Moriarty had made one little slip and through that slip his connection to Jelland could be traced unmistakably.
Holmes sprang to his feet, took the tray from her, and carried it to the table. She snorted, shaking her head.
When they break into Milverton’s house, Holmes doesn’t hesitate to take Watson’s hand to lead him through dark passages. He doesn’t take him by the wrist or forearm like just a friend would do, but by the hand, instinctively. A lot of touching is going on in the darkness, and the thrill of danger clearly has erotic overtones:
Originally posted on Nov 26th, 2018
I took an enema syringe from my valise and went to the water closet to wash my hands and fill the syringe with warm water from the tap. By the time I returned, Holmes was naked, on his elbows and knees. Desire surged within me at the sight—he had submitted himself to me completely.
“I’m intrigued by the prospect of observing your Watson as a flatmate,” Mycroft said as we sat smoking in the Stranger’s Room.
In the past, during the nine years of my self-imposed celibacy, I had used cocaine to subdue my baser instincts. The drug had been rather effective if detrimental to my health in the long run. But now I had John. As soon as he would come home my torment would be over, and satisfaction would be all too sweeter after such yearning. I kept repeating it to myself, growing more and more restless. At last, when my nerves were about to snap, I heard the hall door bang and the familiar steps climb the stairs.
“I suppose you had a very good reason, Mr. Holmes,” Mrs. Hudson murmured. “Have you seen Dr. Watson yet? No? Then what are you doing here? Go at once! What he’s been through, the poor soul!”
“Allow me to assist you, my dear fellow,” I said, locking the door again.
One day I was on such a ramble, when a carriage arrived at the gate and an agitated footman rushed in.
“It must be a concussion,” I said. “No wonder, with such bruises on your head. Can you remember your name?”
“I heard there is a ballet called
“It’s fine. I was fortunate to have been out of the room,” he replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
Story after story I brought to Mycroft Holmes before sending them to
“A week ago,” I replied.
I walked quietly to the bed where Sherlock lay fully clothed. His complexion was ashen, his cheeks hollowed, and he had harsh shadows under his eyes.
After an English public school, a university, and the army to boot any man was bound to be at the very least aware of homosexual liasons. I myself hadn’t been a stranger to occasional flings in the past, but the idea of doing it for money or some other benefit had always been revolting to me. If we failed to retrieve the letters, I’d rather do the dirtiest and lowest jobs instead of that relatively easy way of earning.
“I should do so,” Sherlock Holmes remarked impatiently.
And now Holmes was tortured by my gaping. Most certainly he thought I despised him, having learned the truth. How could I persuade him that I did not? He wouldn’t believe any of my assurances. Acting upon instinct, with a few hurried steps I closed the distance between us, grabbed him by the shoulders, and covered his lips with mine. Holmes went completely still in my arms. He didn’t kiss back, and the kiss lasted only a few moments anyway. When it ended, it was Holmes’s turn to gape at me.
Mrs. Langley fidgeted anxiously, and Holmes put a calming hand upon her shoulder. She nodded, visibly more at ease.
Murdoch says a rather interesting thing after McPherson’s death:
“You’re a good man,” Holmes murmured.
“Perhaps for the New Year instead?” Sherlock pressed my hand. “But for now, we must stay in London to prevent an explosion at Hamleys.”
It could be
is completely independent, however.
Despite appeals in the medical press for newspapers to keep the threat in perspective and not to foster ‘dread’ of the epidemic through ‘sensational telegrams’, the pandemic appears to have sparked hysteria in London, particularly among male patients. At St Bartholomew’s Hospital in Smithfield and the Royal Free Hospital in the Grays Inn Road, for instance, Samuel West, a specialist in respiratory disease, described how he had been astonished to arrive at morning surgery to find more than 1,000 patients—the majority of them men—‘clamouring for treatment’. (
“Good gracious, those gossip columns reflected a mere fraction of how serious the matter was.
Soon after Holmes’s birthday, the epidemiological situation worsened. Many doctors caught the disease themselves and brought the contagion to their own homes. Fearing for the welfare of my household, I decided that a temporary relocation to my surgery in Paddington would be best. During the same time, Stamford asked me to help out at Bart’s, so now my schedule also included the hospital and the medical tent it maintained for the poor in Southwark. Days blurred into a relentless round of sick rooms with sufferers of every age and station in life.
So I summoned him and he was unable to refuse. We met in the morning in the comfortable hotel room he had settled into upon arriving. Mycroft glared at me, miffed by the lack of sleep.
We know next to nothing of Watson’s life during those years, apart from his resuming “
“So this is our mysterious sender? I am delighted to meet you, madam,” I exclaimed.
Suddenly her face became very red, she staggered and started to sink down to the floor. I dashed to her. Having caught her just in time, I led her to the armchair by the fireplace and made her recline. A glass of water with bromide of potassium and an unbuttoned collar had good effect: in a few minutes she recovered enough to be accompanied downstairs.
So passed a year. Not knowing anything of Sherlock was hard. Frustrating. Tormenting. Mycroft assured me that he was fine, and I had to make do with that.
My senses were numb. I had lost the ability to feel or think and merely drifted along. Boarding the train and travelling without Sherlock wasn’t right. My mind could not adjust to the reality of it. I was constantly expecting that he would come into the carriage, maybe in disguise, maybe as himself, and explain that it was a part of some ingenious plan. Yet hours and hours passed, the Channel was crossed, and nothing changed.
“Go on,” Sherlock said, gazing vacantly at the floor.
Roaming through Kensington towards Knightsbridge I found myself relieved. Perhaps it was for the better that our rendezvous was postponed. There was a murder to be investigated. Park Lane, where the Honorable Ronald Adair had lived, wasn’t particularly far, and although I had learned the particulars from the newspapers, visiting the crime scene was in order. I had to admit with dismay that the prospect of work helped me to keep my head clear. I was longing to see John, and yet I was such a coward.
“Am I asking too much?”
In terms of the plot,
Again and again we see that Watson is essential for Holmes’s success, that he is an equal partner on whom Holmes can always rely.
“What about music?” I returned. “Or would you prefer to count?”
“Under the present circumstances who can guarantee that we won’t be disturbed?” John replied pointedly.
“Stamford, come along. I arrested ye,” Rance said.
“I’d like to see it someday, if only for Tchaikovsky’s music.”
221b was within walking distance from the police station, but evidently Lestrade wished to ensure that I stayed out of trouble, so he drove me home and handed me over to an appalled Mrs. Hudson. I ascended the stairs as they were conversing in hushed tones in Mrs. Hudson’s parlour.
And there comes a question of how exactly far Holmes went to get information from Agatha, and how innocent their dates were. Recently there was a discussion between
“Mrs. Hudson, I prescribed that you rest!” I protested despite my churning stomach.
“Doctor, it’s half-past eight,” Mrs. Hudson said in a soft voice. “We are to set out in an hour. Your breakfast is on the table and your suit is in your room.”
John heaved a heavy sigh after Mycroft was gone.
“They’ll keep on trying.”
“My men are at their posts, Mr. Holmes,” Lestrade said in a low voice, and Holmes nodded.
That night, as we loved each other, I committed to memory each precious moment we shared, every little detail about my John that I would keep in my heart, facing the inevitable. In the early dawn I watched him sleep and thanked Heaven for the great gift of having met him.
“Watch out, Sherlock,” I said, laughing.
It’s rather heartwarming how Holmes relies on Watson and includes him into the progress:
I took Sherlock’s hand into mine as we gazed at the sea. It was wonderful. We could be ourselves here in the open, without fear. He pressed my hand, sharing the sentiment. We chose one of the swimming-pools, undressed to the drawers, and plunged into the cool, refreshing water.
He groaned in pleasure as I worked on his back. Upon his return from Afghanistan he had been skin and bone, but now he was all muscle and sinew under my palms. I have always loved touching him, and now that I can do it to my heart’s content, I cannot get enough. By the time he lay down to let me tend to his legs, he was completely lax save for his erect member which stood up proudly, engorged and flushed pink. I was just as hard for him, massaging his thighs and resisting the temptation to wrap my fingers around his gorgeous cock. Then I gave my full attention to his calves and especially his ankles, for his damaged tendo Achillis was bothering him.
As the priest spoke of Sherlock’s life and what he meant to everyone present, the horrible reality of it all finally caught up with me. My beloved was no more. I would never see him again in this world. That standard, trite formula, “Ashes to ashes, dust to dust” infuriated me. Sherlock was denied even a proper burial and would stay forever in the cold, foreign waters.
It took all my willpower to withdraw and rise.
” (which indeed would have saved a lot of trouble and possibly Mr. Cubitt’s life if she had chosen to share the problem with him), Mr. Cubitt says:
Holmes entered in a flurry of energy, like a powerful gust of wind. His eyes lit up with satisfaction when he spotted me lounging on the sofa.
“It may prove rather handy yet,” Sherlock replied.
We broke the kiss and for a few moments breathed each other’s air, sobering up a little. Then Holmes pulled away and lit the lamp on wall. Beside the lamp there was a mirror, and below—a chest of drawers which contained clothes, make-up, and other necessities for disguises. I started the fire in the water heater in the corner of the room. Soon it would be warm enough to be comfortable. Half of the room was occupied by a big, sturdy bed. A worn rug covered the floor. This place even had a decent water closet. On the whole our hideaway was not bad at all.
I couldn’t believe my ears. Of course, Mycroft didn’t think much of John, considering him merely an indulgence of my baser needs, a pretty face. He hadn’t expected our relationship to last and hadn’t met John until we had been together for several years. Yet cruelty wasn’t in my brother’s nature.
My most recent story,
“Good heavens, you were assaulted!” I gasped, dashing to him.
There’s also evidence in this story that Watson knows way more than he leads the reader to believe. Together with Holmes he witnesses Duke’s arrival to the inn, but keeps the reader in the dark, as if he himself didn’t realise. But when Holmes confronts the Duke, the Duke asks,
The shortness of our stay chagrined the Colonel, although he was impressed to have seen Holmes in action and glad of his speedy recovery.
(1899), and while Raffles and Bunny are partly based on Holmes and Watson, their dynamic reminded me of another ACD’s story:
“Oh, definitely. In a few days I’m your man.”
Holmes asked the other people in the room, but no one seemed to have seen the person who had placed the crate onto the bench. He warned everyone to stay away, took his stick, and carefully removed the cover from the crate. Inside we discovered a cheap wooden toy shaped as two boxers with dangling arms and a lever which pushed them back and forth. The curious onlookers were disappointed.
, which, according to Holmes himself, took place in 1903, Holmes writes the following:
“My dear fellow, please accept my deepest condolences,” Jackson said earnestly. “You don’t look yourself, which is understandable. You’ve been friends with Mr. Holmes for so many years. I prescribe you rest for as long as you need. Take good care of yourself and resume the work when you are truly ready.”
Having finished my message to John, I tore out the pages and put my cigarette-case over them on the rock beside which I had left my Alpine-stock.
“So be it,” I said, removing his dressing-gown and letting it drop on the floor. “I shan’t fuck you; I shall make love to you.”
And so, half an hour later, I was strolling along the alley which joined Trafalgar Square with Leicester Square, passing by the military barracks. I was in my army uniform, all dressed up, as dashing as possible. I was pretending to be one of those fellows who didn’t mind making an extra bob by selling their bodies to rich gentlemen with certain inclinations.
“You may do as you please,” I gritted out.
What’s fun about this story:
I could make neither head nor tail of this queer business. The toy was ordinary and absolutely new, so it offered no information as to its previous owner, had there been any at all. The crate smelled of lye soap. The meaning of this detail escaped me, which added to my frustration and confusion.
Within twenty-four hours I had reached Lyons, found the hotel, and been ushered to his room. The room was dimly lit, heavy curtains drawn on the windows. A huge heap of unopened telegrams littered the floor just inside the door.
There are some curious details about Holmes’s assumed persona. His name is Altamont, and he is Irish-American. As we remember, ACD’s father’s name was Charles Altamont, and the Doyle family is of Irish descent. Also, ACD killed off Holmes in 1893, the year Charles Doyle died.
, it’s a rather unsatisfying form.
“By all means,” I said, crumpling a telegram from Mycroft and tossing it aside.
His composure was impeccable. His eyes were more steely than usual, reflecting the additional self-control he exercised over his emotions. The relationship between the Holmes brothers had never been effusive. Nevertheless, they had always cared deeply for each other.
John turned back and stared at me. I reached out for him, but he staggered to his feet, still staring in utter disbelief. Then, to my horror, his eyes glazed over and he collapsed as though he was mowed down.
“A Turkish bath would do you good,” John said, gazing at me with concern. “Let’s go this weekend? I can reserve our private rooms.”
“Even though the uniform becomes you, absolutely not.”
“It seems to be so, but there are also scholarships for local children of humble backgrounds.”
, lit up my pipe, and reclined on the couch, trying to be the very picture of nonchalance.
”. Then, after such a steamy scene it turns out suddenly that Watson lives separately, and he gives for that no reason at all: it doesn’t appear that he and Holmes had a falling out—they’re as chummy as ever, and although Holmes mentions in BLAN which is set a year later that Watson married, here Watson says absolutely nothing. Weird, isn’t it?
for her beautiful edits! I'll mail every one of them to her.
Next, while the investigation continues, Mr. Davenheim’s clothes are found in the lake not far from his house, just like Mr. St. Clair’s clothes were found in the den and later on the bank of the Thames. Then a crook pawns Davenheim’s ring in a London pawnshop and gets arrested. He claims that Davenheim’s business rival threw out the ring, strengthening the evidence against that rival.
Holmes and Watson do take on the case and solve it successfully. Some details differ from the short story, but the essentials are the same.
“Sherlock, don’t do this to yourself,” he said softly.
“Is life in constant fear worth living?”
2. This is followed by a country idyll. I adore the plural possessive which is usually reserved for married couples (and they absolutely are):
Moriarty clearly wanted to instill dread by informing me of his proximity. Instead of a sudden and deadly move he was playing a cat-and-mouse game. Fleeing in panic would be indulging him, and that I wasn’t going to do.
“I’d expect something more solitary from Mycroft,” I said. “In any case, the solution to this mystery is near.”
Holmes snorted with distaste. Then he rose, went to his desk, and brought me a small book. The name on the cover was unfamiliar to me. It was a collection of poetry: lyrical, beautiful verses imbued with Gothic mysticism and decadence that belonged to the pen of a talented author.
“You infernal tease,” he grumbled but followed me nonetheless—I can always count on that.
He’s been worried all the way to North Walsham, and when he sensed the bad development upon arrival:
I had to shake it off. Someone needed my help. I groped around and picked up a crude stick which I could use to walk. I trudged slowly to the marketplace, calling out for the injured. Thankfully, there weren’t many, and the injuries were minor, mostly bruises and abrasions. After I was done, I walked around the block, but there was no trace of Holmes.
“Stop,” he cried, his lips quivering. “For God’s sake, stop.”
“His men have some progress in catching the big fish,” I lied.
“Self-castigation will hardly help, though,” Holmes replied, frowning. “We need a plan.”
“Colonel—” I repeated blankly, sitting up and wincing at the headache.
Within four weeks I was in France, tidying up any threads I had missed. There wasn’t a day when I didn’t think about John. I would see him in my dreams, reaching out to me, his lips moving, but his words carried away by the wind. Upon waking I would feel that something was wrong, very wrong. The feeling grew more and more insistent until I was unable to go on in ignorance. Rather than asking Mycroft, I used one of my own connections to bring me a person who would definitely know how John had been faring.
“Sherlock, it’s just a friendly invitation. The fellow is bored alone, managing his household. We’ll leave if there’s anything we don’t like.”
“If you have called me via this channel, it must mean that there are some complications,” he continued in a calmer manner.
“Yes, I was too dazed and blurted it out instead of my alias,” Holmes said sheepishly. “Or perhaps I felt from the very beginning that I could trust you. Of course you have only my word for everything I’ve told you. It’s understandable if you choose not to believe me.”
“This house obviously hasn’t been lived in for years,” I said. “And not even rented out to vacationing people, otherwise it would have been kept more presentable. Nevertheless, its owner cares for it enough to prevent its descent into disrepair: the ceiling in the hall and the stairs have been skillfully renovated not long ago. Perhaps the house holds some special meaning for the owner. Also, the owner must be quite well off—to look after such property while not using it must be costly.”
Still unable to utter a sound, I nodded.
is a remarkable nod to Joseph Bell. Whereas Holmes’s reply,
John seated himself, dropped his valise by the armchair, and accepted the glass from me with a nod of thanks.
Eventually the brother found them both on the train and attempted to persuade the young man to leave the criminal path while the partner spoke against it:
Why did Watson enjoy the Turkish baths alone? He usually does it with Holmes. Why not this time? It seems that Holmes was too busy, so eventually Watson, needing badly some steam for his bones, decided that waiting until Holmes is in the mood for a break would be too long. Which worked quite nicely: Holmes was reminded not to neglect his Watson. Of course Holmes observed, not without a prickle of jealousy, the way Watson’s boots were fastened and that someone shared the cab with Watson. I think sending Watson to health resorts of the Continent was both an apology and a retaliation on Holmes’s part, since Watson obviously thought they would go together:
By the next morning he had improved considerably—he could sit up and eat unassisted—so that it seemed that he had an iron constitution. He was well enough for morning ablutions and a change of clothes. Mine were somewhat short for him, but that would have to do until Martha had laundered and mended his.
“Then I am ready whenever you are.”
“You must have heard of this traveller and zoologist making a name for himself by studying various species of animals he comes across while visiting remote parts of the world. With an ambition to gain Darwin’s fame, he planned a grand expedition around the world, counting on the inheritance from his grandfather. Imagine his rage when the grandfather left everything to his nephew instead, and the nephew started to spend the riches on such trivial things as buying a house and sending children to a prestigious school.
“Breathe, Sherlock, breathe,” I said to him carefully, rubbing his back. “Remember?”
It was half past three in the morning as Holmes and I were rattling along empty streets, blinds drawn, almost dozing off in each other’s arms. Our work was done and we were happy that many people, including our clamorous young friends, were now safe.
This occurrence would have been soon forgotten, had it not been followed by a second strange incident the next afternoon. Having sold my Kensington practice at Holmes’s request several months prior, I had gradually started to miss my profession, so in November I purchased a much smaller practice in Queen Anne Street. Thus I could stay in touch with medicine and be available whenever Holmes needed, since it was but a ten minute cab drive to Baker Street.
“Perhaps later,” I said, just to spite him. “I need to think everything over.”
“Agatha is a code word for the police. They are visiting at eleven, which gives me half an hour to disappear.”
Mrs. Hudson nodded, put away my scattered things, and left the room. I hadn’t heard Mycroft’s carriage arrive, but there it was, once I glanced out of the window. When Mycroft Holmes entered, for a moment I reeled internally. He was dressed in sombre black. Again, that was to be expected, and yet…
“Very well. Shall we?” he gestured, letting me lead the way.
Having opened the windows and sent the maid for the charwoman, John heaved a weary sigh. Now that we were alone, his shoulders drooped. He started to shake slightly—echoes of Maiwand still affected him even after eleven years.
“I’ll be the judge of that. Too much excitement is bad for you at this stage. You must rest,” I replied, putting a pillow under his head and covering him with a blanket.
At that point I decided that the most sensible course of action would be to get away to the Continent with John, having left all threads in the hands of intelligence services and the police. Mycroft agreed with my plan, seeming quite relieved, for he preferred to have his den to himself and putting up with someone else for a week had been grating on his nerves.
I decided to take a day off so that Holmes’s recovery would not be disturbed by my other patients. Although he didn’t say anything, I could see in his eyes that he was deeply grateful. As we sat together smoking, I felt a half-forgotten sense of companionship, camaraderie. Somehow I didn’t believe Holmes had committed a dishonorable deed. I could be mistaken, of course, but I hoped that I was not.
“Of course you do,” Watson murmured, smiling, and headed out of the sitting-room.
When Holmes asks the Duke about the circumstances of his not-so-happy family life, he does it with utmost care and tact:
“What about the reporter?” I asked.
from the floor, ignoring a vicious stab of pain in my temples. It is not worth quoting here what Colonel Moriarty wrote. His shameless lies and outrageous distortion of facts fill me with disgust to this day. My mind cleared even as I was halfway through. A refutation was in order. I sat at my desk immediately. Seldom had words flown so swiftly from under my pen—memories which I had striven to drown in alcohol flashed before my eyes in sharpest detail. In less than two hours I had finished.
“Yes, if you do as I say. Otherwise, I’m afraid, you will only be in the way.”
“There will be no such limitations, my dear.”
“I shall be true. He shall find me ready when he comes back.” IDEN
Among positive effects it had on me, there was a certain thing which brought John a special delight. I became fully able as a man again. I had him wherever fancy seized us, from the sofa in the drawing-room to the billiard table to the gazebo in the garden. These libertine practices tickled us immensely.
Holmes has his personal code of honour, he is ever the seeker of justice and won’t rest until he attains it:
, a pretty lady of high society comes to him seeking his help against a blackmailer. She is engaged to a duke, there’s her compromising letter, and she doesn’t have sufficient means to buy it back. So she asks Poirot to negotiate. The blackmailer shows up to Poirot’s flat, but the negotiations prove to be futile. Pretty much a carbon copy, isn’t it?
At noon a nondescript cargo vessel departed from the port. No one had paid attention to the two tramps whom Captain Croker had allowed to creep into one of the ship’s holds. There we travelled among crates and barrels until we reached Calais and disembarked as discreetly as we had got onboard.
“Would you mind if I play, Watson?” he asked suddenly.
We washed under the refreshing jets of the shower and agreed to refrain from the plunge into the pool. Obviously, we were in no condition to be seen.
“In this case you’ll come with me. As you undoubtedly have heard, there are members of the Royal Family who lend their assistance to the Special Division. Their methods will surely help you to remember.”
Moved beyond words, John hugged her, and she returned his embrace with a gentle smile. My heart clenched; I put my arms around them both.
“You still haven’t said who it was and how you identified him.”
I got to my feet to get a better look, and Sherlock reposed on the sofa, apparently fatigued. The Colonel proceeded with showing me his little collection and then told us of a local robbery which had taken place at the neighbouring estate not long before. Naturally, it caught Sherlock’s attention, but I nipped such a development in the bud by reminding him that he was to rest and not to get involved in new conundrums. Sherlock acquiesced with a comic resignation that amused the Colonel. The three of us talked about other things, and in a few minutes my dear was yawning.
“Absolutely none, unless the client presses charges. Can’t wait to wash my hands of this whole affair.”
My temples throbbed; I breathed in shakily, leaning on my stick. In a few moments the wave passed, and I ascended the stairs.
,” and fifty is not that much for a busy detective, so it must have been much earlier. Perhaps it was even before Reichenbach—in the Lenfilm adaptation, Milverton is connected to Moriarty, supplying the organisation with a big part of their budget, so Holmes considerably inconveniences Moriarty when he interferes in Milverton’s case.
Mycroft Holmes was inscrutable as he ever was.
A fortnight after our introduction I sent my brougham to Dr. Watson’s surgery with an invitation to dine with me at my club. The message to the doctor stated that the dinner was nothing as formal as to require dress-clothes and that his attendance was requested as soon as his working hours were over. I was certain the doctor would be too intrigued to refuse. Intercepting him in this fashion prevented him from discussing the invitation with Sherlock, and thus my brother had no opportunity to meddle.
“Ah, it’s one of those thankless occasions when the client chooses to do nothing even though I gave him all the facts.” Holmes made a frustrated gesture. “In a couple of hours at the most the culprit will be caught, only to be chided and released again. A noble name can’t be dragged through mud, of course.”
“Is it true, Doctor?” she asked.
Upon my arrival at Victoria Station, I noticed some commotion outside even before alighting, but in my dazed state I disregarded it. The moment I stepped onto the platform, I was surrounded by a horde of journalists who shouted at the top of their voices, soliciting a commentary from me on the demise of the Great Detective. I was stopped in my tracks, not knowing what to do and how to proceed. The prompt reaction of the police provided a blessed deliverance: several constables cleared the way for me so that I could get into the cab where Lestrade was waiting, grim and sympathetic. He drove to Baker Street with me, emanating silent support, and made sure I wasn’t harassed by another crowd of reporters at the front door. I was grateful to him from the bottom of my heart.
I sent Clara to Baker Street with a note for Holmes and remained on the doorstep, smoking. Holmes came at once; a quick, relieved smile passed over his lips when he saw me, and then he proceeded to my consulting-room.
“Hold me,” Sherlock murmured.
First of all, short stories are written from Hasting’s POV which is a direct reference to Watson and Dupin’s nameless companion. At the beginning of this story Poirot is getting restless without a case, just like Holmes does. But unlike Holmes, who laments the lack of ingenuity in criminals, Poirot is so self-important that he seriously assumes that criminals are too afraid of him to commit any crimes.
“Proceed,” I murmured faintly.
“Yesterday, at half past four in the afternoon, a severely injured individual was brought here for treatment,” the man said. “Where is he now?”
“Doctor, Mr. Holmes, welcome,” said he. “Mr. Holmes, it’s such a pleasure to meet you. I’ve heard a lot about you from Watson, and, of course, your recent success is most impressive.”
“You can lose your life trying,” I whispered back.
It’s considered to be one of extra-canonical Holmes stories by ACD, where Holmes is referenced indirectly, but it’s never stated that it’s him. The theory he suggests eventually proves erroneous, yet since he didn’t participate in the investigation per se and only speculated over what was known to the press, it can hardly be counted against him.
We ate in silence, commiserating with each other. That’s a facet of our relationship which we treasure especially: we often need no words. I’ve never had this with anyone else. When he and I reached out for the teapot simultaneously, our hands touched. It was as if an electric charge ran through my fingertips, spreading across my entire body. For a moment Holmes was very still. He looked at me. Clearly he had felt that too.
“So there are definitely no surprises inside?” I asked.
“Hulloa, Swinsby old chap,” Holmes crowed.
I racked my brain for a means to accomplish it without endangering his mission. Some clandestine channels wouldn’t do: I would certainly bungle any step in that direction, for codes and ciphers were Sherlock’s forte, not mine. If I had a forte, what was it? Beside medicine, a thing that I could do relatively well was… At first the idea seemed mad. But the more I thought of it, the more it made sense.
He propped himself up by his left arm and hissed in pain as cramps ran through his shoulder. I helped him into a comfortable position and kneaded the area around his bullet scar, pressing gently at the knot just above his shoulder blade until the tension melted away and John sighed with relief.
“Yes, ma'am,” I replied.
My younger brother is a sensitive, volatile man despite his attempts to pass as a cold-headed reasoner. He yearns for affection and kindness he was deprived of, for our parents passed away when he was very young. We both learned the hard way how cruel the world could be.
“So the squire does something good for his community. Then he’s probably a congenial neighbour.”
“His coping method? You… you brute!” I cried, tempted to tear the coffee-cup from Mycroft and smash it.
“No, not anymore,” I murmured, leaning forward to take his hand into mine. “I’m so relieved that you are not ill.”
“You had already been aware of your brother’s opinion, but those scribblings only made you feel bitter towards him. That was never my intention.”
The ladies fell silent; very carefully, Billy prodded my arm with his forefinger. Jenny made the sign of the cross, muttering a prayer under her breath.
“I am to do
“I wish we hadn’t got out of touch back then,” the Colonel murmured to himself.
He helped me back to my feet, looking frantically around. His gaze stopped at a niche in the wall filled with empty boxes. He led me to that niche, seated me on one of the boxes, and stacked the rest so that I was hidden from view.
“Be safe, my darling,” I said in my thoughts, gazing after him.
Thankfully, we were shaken out of our reverie by Lestrade’s sudden visit. It was a blessing in disguise which spared us the awkwardness of the situation we had found ourselves in. Holmes agreed to take on a rather mundane case which nevertheless the Inspector could not clear up without his help. I accompanied them, taking notes. Following our usual pattern was quite illuminating. Nothing was any different between Holmes and myself. We had just acknowledged what had been there all along.
(See the end of the chapter for
Swinsby’s face broke into a predatory grin.
And so I sallied forth. Smith refused to receive me, and when I barged into his house, I realised why Holmes needed my help. This was a Goliath of a man, about six feet and six inches, sunburned, all rippling muscle. Luckily, he was too happy to hear that Holmes was at death’s door or I would have been defenestrated.
,” Stamford whispered back. “It chased him relentlessly, and he was dodging it like a rabbit hunted by a fox. He had almost escaped when it hit him as it swept by. The blow was so strong it flung him several yards aside.”
Blush coloured his high cheekbones, and he lowered his gaze, visibly upset.
“Sherlock!” he gasped, and then, having collected himself, “I had no opportunity to warn you.”
“So Smith made a tobacco box of special design, with a small syringe hidden in the false bottom. The tip of the needle was cleverly disguised and placed right beside the lock. Smith did away with that poor devil Victor Savage by sending him the box anonymously, and later he tried the same with me. The box is on the mantelpiece, by the way. Don’t touch it.”
Watson and I tipped our hats.
“I must admit to some scruples about leaving my practice for so long,” John said, yawning.
“The game is up, Saville,” Holmes said flatly. “Your accomplices are in prison and the building is surrounded by police. You can’t escape.”
“Sherlock! Sherlock, wake up!”
Exhausted and shivering, I gazed down into the swirling ice-cold waters which had swallowed Moriarty. My nemesis was dead but the game was far from being over. He had boasted that his organisation had not yet been defeated, and I was inclined to believe him. Moran would surely contact the rest of the gang and perhaps they would become less discreet with me seemingly out of the picture. There was yet another reason to postpone my resurrection: were I to reappear, John would be targeted again.
“Please show him in,” I muttered.
He kissed me on the forehead.
“About ‘A Study’...” he replied after some silence. “I thought my suggestions would be helpful and got carried away.”
Such was the beginning of my career as a man of letters. The plays I now write for Holmes and his theatre company have gained popularity over the six months we have been in France. This in turn provides us the opportunity to tour Britain, starting next month. The Game is afoot.
Muffled voices were coming from the parlour. I hadn’t expected another onslaught of emotions upon hearing them. Mrs. Hudson, Jenny, and Billy were having tea. I left my valise in the hall, trod softly, and peered through the half-opened door. Jenny had remained almost the same: merry and good-natured as ever, she was sharing the latest piece of gossip. There was more white in Mrs. Hudson’s hair, but she was hale and energetic, the Scottish shrewdness of her comments still unparalleled. Billy had grown visibly, from a skinny tadpole into a lively adolescent. It was he who noticed me first and dropped his cup on the table with a loud clatter. Jenny shrieked at the top of her lungs while Mrs. Hudson stared at me and then started to cackle.
Throughout many stories Watson repeatedly describes Holmes as unemotional and unreadable for strangers, and his own ability to perceive Holmes’s thoughts and emotions because he knows Holmes intimately. In this context, a parallel between them and Gibson/Grace Dunbar (who, as it is implied at the end of the story, are later in a relationship) is rather suggestive. Here’s what Miss Dunbar says of Gibson:
As I entered the den, I nearly choked on the foul opioid miasma permeating it. There were rows and rows of bunk beds filled with detritus which once used to be people. Passing between the beds, I peered into sallow faces in search of the familiar dear features, but it seemed in vain. Then a hand shot out from one of the bunks and pulled at the skirts of my coat. I recognized that thin, chiselled wrist, and when our eyes met, it was all I could do not to cry out in joy. Behind the grime on his face and a false bushy beard Holmes was grinning at me.
The largest nineteenth-century epidemic of influenza, called ‘the Russian epidemic,’ arrived in Europe from the east in November and December of 1889. It was the first epidemic to be so widely commented on in the intensively developing daily press. First information concerning the epidemic in London appeared in the press around the middle of December 1889. (
], WINDLESHAM, MARCH 4, 1908
When I checked on him in the morning, he was peacefully asleep, which was a good sign. It was going to be another busy day; my first patients were already in the consulting-room, but suddenly there was a clatter of a carriage outside, and then loud knocking on the door. It was highly irregular, for the people I treated didn’t come in carriages. I looked out of the window, and a cold shiver ran down my spine. It was a black brougham, one of those so dreaded in the city. Her Majesty’s Special Division. When people were taken away in such a carriage, they never returned.
One morning, I realised that Sherlock looked better. After breakfast he didn’t lie down but seated himself in the armchair, smoking and thumbing through newspapers idly. Still lack-lustre, his gaze wasn’t as apathetic anymore.
Mycroft chose the fifth of May for his inopportune visit. This was one of his gravest miscalculations, as rare as they were. His conduct towards John had been infuriating. Still rather raw over John’s account, I wasn’t ready to receive him. There was no choice, however, as he arrived within fifteen minutes of his telegram.
The issues with Holmes’s health must have been pretty serious indeed if Watson needed a second opinion to diagnose him, and moreover, to persuade him to drop everything and get some rest. It was Holmes’s personal record in disregarding his own well-being if some other doctor besides his own had to
This story is full of gems like “
I gaped at him, speechless. One might expect him to be a criminal with connections in the government or a foreign spy, but an outright restorationist? And his brother too? While some countries, like France or Argentina, had freed themselves from the yoke of the invaders, I had never heard of restorationists being active in New Albion.
“It could be turned into quite a cosy nest if the owners were inclined to improve it a bit,” I said after we had examined the cellar, the servants’ room at the far end of the corridor on the ground floor, and the attic.
“Absolutely not,” Watson exclaimed indignantly. “I shall not wear my uniform under false pretences.”
—The following days turned into a single blur. I didn’t notice time in my drunken stupor. The long-suffering, dear Mrs. Hudson pleaded with me to eat, as my mother used to plead with my father during his sessions.
“Want you in me…” Sherlock murmured, panting. “I should be fine for that, but it’s better to… would you?..”
We still had half an hour at our disposal, so we complied. I could not care less about my own thinness—it was my usual state—but on John’s account I agreed wholeheartedly. Bringing him back to his normal weight was of paramount importance.
Originally posted on Aug 27th, 2018
“It’s all right. I disarmed the bomb,” Holmes said, rising from his knees.
“Pray sit down, Dr. Watson.” Mycroft motioned him to the nearest armchair.
“Amazing,” I gasped.
“Many of them could have been among the hapless victims of the Hamleys bombing, had there been no warning messages,” I said grimly as Holmes and I were looking at them through the window.
His mouth drawn into a thin line, Mycroft rose to his feet. He certainly knew that there was nothing to be gained by further argument. His eyes flashed with disdain when he gave John a parting look.
And in conclusion, officially the most adorable simile Watson ever applied to Holmes.
, and every time he would demonstrate his astuteness in everything but my secret messages. I even did correct some blunders Mycroft pointed out, for quite a few of those weren’t intentional at all and could work as misleading markers. Anyway, I had no doubt that Sherlock would understand what I wished to tell him.
ACD also penned a story called
“Where would you like to go?” I asked him. “Shall we rent a castle in Scotland or perhaps a villa on the southern coast?”
After it got dark, we retired early, as it was prudent to spare the single candle we had. Neither of us was in the need of sleep yet, and our choice of a pastime, if predictable, was deeply satisfying for us both. In the process we made another discovery: the ancient bed creaked atrociously. Those loud, high-pitched whining sounds must have reverberated throughout the entire house. We were very glad no one else was there to hear it.
The case was as follows: Mr. Davenheim, a banker, went out to post some letters and wasn’t seen after. The police suspected his business rival who came into his house while Davenheim was out because Davenheim had made an appointment with him. Later it is discovered that the safe in Davenheim’s study was forced and jewellery stolen from it.
In a fight that ensued the young man was killed by accident, and both the criminal partner and the older brother escaped from the train. In Bert Coules’ adaptation the partner was so distraught that he shot himself while in ACD’s story he says the following:
ACD, an interview, 1892
“How could I lie about when the two of you must be fed?” she parried. “But now that my mind is at peace, I’ll follow doctor’s orders.”
“You are still too thin,” he murmured into my ear.
“My answer remains unchanged, Mycroft. I did it while it was necessary but the kind of games you play is not for me,” I said.
“What’s wrong?”
an emotional attachment to the house, but they are not exactly well off,” I murmured. “And now they are constrained to sell it.”
“So this is the way you are planning to distract them?”
“Why would they do that?”
She came in with a perplexed look on her face, holding a plain table clock.
His face was earnest, and he radiated the same determination with which he would approach a convoluted problem. Over the few months we had been sharing rooms I got accustomed to his eccentricities. There was something so masterful and compelling about him that I always found myself complying with his requests, no matter how outlandish they might seem. This occasion wasn’t an exception.
“Everything will be arranged for you,” his brother replied. “Now, the certificate, if you please, Doctor.”
“Oh yes,” I replied with enthusiasm.
“Good to hear it, Mr. Holmes,” Lestrade called from a distance and blew his whistle.
Then Holmes declares that Watson
I do enjoy stories about Poirot, both in the books and on screen. I think the adaptation with David Suchet is superb and done by amazingly talented people. But still, it’s not difficult to say why for me Holmes stays number one.
“For what purpose, Inspector? The man was brought into this room and he died here.”
As I had predicted, after the events at the Reichenbach Falls Moriarty’s organisation was like an agitated wasps’ nest. Its true scale turned out to be appalling: its tentacles stretched throughout Europe, reaching India and crossing the Atlantic. To my dismay, I realised that it would take me a substantial amount of time to put an end to it, even with the help of Mycroft’s agents. I flung myself into work, for the more effective I could be, the sooner I would be reunited with my John.
“This person must be stalking us,” I said, appalled. “The pub, my surgery, and the gymnasium.”
“With some complications, but all is well now,” I replied, starting to examine him.
“I am not leaving you,” I whispered between the kisses, echoing his words in a Strasbourg hotel three years ago. “Ever.”
“What are you going to do?” I asked.
Hours crawled by as I lay in the darkness on my narrow bed. A fierce gale howled outside like it had yesterday. Every time I closed my eyes I would see Openshaw in his rain-sodden waterproof, smiling shyly and apologising for the disturbance. A faint orange scent permeated my small bedroom, my fingers still sticky with dried juice. I had thrust five pips in an envelope and sent them off to Savannah, Georgia. A pathetic, pointless act. It would not bring Openshaw back. I should have made him stay here, at Baker Street. He would have been safe with Watson and me, and this morning we would have set out to investigate all together. Instead, my very clever advice had pushed him right into the enemy’s clutches. What a blundering dilettante.
“How intriguing!” the Colonel exclaimed. “How is it called? Is it published already?”
department,” Lestrade gasped and nodded. “Very well. He was a dangerous criminal, that Stark Munro, so we would like to look around your house.”
“Do you intend to go?”
Mrs. Hudson came up to the sitting-room, beaming, and asked for directions as to what she should prepare for a celebratory dinner.
The whole morning was spent on the beach until swimming and frolicking had quite worn us out. It was time to fortify ourselves at the pub Sherlock had mentioned. We had towels and spare dry drawers with us, so I expected that we would head straight to the village, but Sherlock led me back to the house.
When the forest opened and its twisted branches didn’t obstruct the view anymore, we found ourselves on a driveway which led towards a magnificent Regency manor-house surrounded by an impenetrable-looking tall brick wall. By the heavy iron gate the driver signalled with his lantern three times. As soon as we had passed through, the gate was closed behind us with a sharp clang.
Swinsby huffed and stalked off.
He must have had somewhere an absinthe spoon too, but I didn’t look for it. I didn’t even look for a glass. The bittersweet, fragrant taste of the green fairy overwhelmed my senses. The surroundings grew warmer and warmer, and then it was so hot that I began to sweat.
“No, no, we won’t let that brain of yours take off on its favourite path,” John said firmly in answer to my thoughts rather than words. “Having you here with me is always better than not knowing.
I nodded.
Apart from my belongings, the only things I took from the Baker Street flat were Sherlock’s photograph and his old black clay pipe. I put the photograph in my room, and the pipe was my constant companion. Having it between my lips had to do until I could kiss him again.
We were taken to the nearest police station and thrown into separate cells for disorderly behaviour. The reporter was protesting vehemently, saying that I had assaulted him. I didn’t counter his claim, for it was the truth. My knuckles were bloodied and sore. My head was splitting, as if it was I who had received the blows and not the other way around.
Just finished
” (SCAN), “
- Like Watson, John Thurston is described as less observant than his friend;
“I didn’t know you fancied military men,” John said with a chuckle, trailing caresses along the curve of my neck.
“In fact, you won’t have to pretend much,” I pressed on. “Go to the officers’ club, say that you used to serve with the Colonel—which is true—and lend your ear to someone gossipy. You’re an excellent listener, John, and you have a natural gift: people like you.”
Archie Swinsby was a man-about-town with a flat in Albany who acted as an intermediary between wealthy clients and soldiers as well as telegraph boys. Instructing his protégés to initiate risqué correspondence and knowing where clandestine trysts took place provided Swinsby with numerous options for blackmailing. Before recruiting a new employee, Swinsby tasted the goods personally. I was to lure him into a male brothel nearby.
My feet brought me to Sherlock’s room again of their own accord. His mouse-coloured dressing-gown hung on the peg beside the door. I reached out and caressed the tattered fabric. Pictures of criminals adorning the walls, a dark lantern on the side-table, the tin box containing notes of Sherlock’s early cases—each item brought up unbidden recollections of the happy time. Even when we had quarreled, it had been a happy time. The future ahead was bleak.
“Oh?” I put the novel aside, surprised, for we had had a hearty lunch only an hour before. “Well, maybe Mrs. Hudson will make some sandwiches.”
I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.
John clutched me by the shoulders and began to tremble. I helped him to sit up, holding him and drinking in his scent.
The very sight of the Highland Fling made me cringe internally. Buttermilk mixed with corn flour, salt and pepper had always been effective only in upsetting my stomach. However, it would have been utter discourtesy to refuse a refreshment offered by the mistress of the house with such genuine concern. Mrs. Hudson, bless her, suggested that I should better rest and thus saved me from the awkward situation.
“Hello, John,” I said in my own voice.
There was just a hint of irritation behind Mycroft’s suavity, but the very fact that it was noticeable indicated that my brother was in no sweet temper.
“If I remember rightly, you’re a fancier of Eastern weapons, aren’t you, Doctor? Here are the few I’ve gathered over the years,” said the Colonel, gesturing at the display case in the corner of the room.
Stamford indeed proved to be an apt assistant. Together we managed to stop the bleeding quite swiftly. It took us more than two hours to finish the repairs and close our patient. Having finished, we put him carefully onto the couch and went out for a smoke.
“Occasionally, but I haven’t made any particular plans yet,” I admitted. “It’s still years away, isn’t it? Besides, you love the city, Sherlock!”
John looked at me intently, and I had no desire to lie to him.
I took his proffered hand and got up, still bewildered by the idea. He pulled me closer, and the next moment we were in each other’s personal space. Our breaths mingled, my heart skipping a beat as I perceived his scent—faint notes of black tobacco and lavender hair cream blended with something that was just
“We have many more of them, sir. Congratulations keep coming, but Mr. Holmes wished not to be disturbed,” whispered the hotel attendant before leaving.
That was a serious development. The stranger in my surgery was dangerous to associate with, and the consequences for me could be rather bleak, from an interrogation at best to being imprisoned at worst. Still, having once taken him in for treatment, I couldn’t just throw him out.
“I am repulsed and fascinated at the same time.”
My heart sank. If he used that code phrase which referred to my medical bag, his condition must have been serious enough to have raised his own concerns. I barely slept a wink on the night train, wondering about the state he was in. A strong reaction was upon him, no doubt, coupled with physical and nervous exhaustion.
“You would never have been able to resist the temptation,” Mycroft replied. “The man’s mind is a work of art.”
And lastly, it is believed that Watson was married for the second time by 1903, since Holmes says “
“It hasn’t been performed outside Russia yet,” I replied. “According to the press, it was not a success.”
—I knew Sherlock would stay in bed for days. With proper eating and sleeping his physical condition gradually improved, but he remained terribly subdued. It pained me to see him like this. As always happened when a black reaction was upon him, he withdrew into himself completely and it was impossible to tell what was passing through his mind. Hour after hour he would lie on the sofa, staring at the ceiling. Bodily he would be in the same room with me, whereas in spirit—miles and miles away. Yet there was a positive side to it: he abstained from the cocaine and morphine he would often use in such situations. At nights we slept entwined in each other’s arms. Although he wasn’t in the mood for anything amorous, my simply touching him seemed to give him consolation.
The next day, having tracked down Jelland’s associate, who was the link between the notorious forger and the Professor, I made sure that the Yard wouldn’t lose the trail. Everything went as smoothly as I had predicted, so I was free by late afternoon in time for the appointment with Mycroft at the Diogenes Club. John was to join us there upon completing his rounds; his valise had already been packed since morning.
who is rather outgoing and knows every bit of gossip in the village. The very same housekeeper then takes care of an injured Murdoch, being obviously proficient in administering medical aid. And note that when Murdoch pleads for
“I like to surprise you,
“Well, you do get carried away when it comes to your favourite subject. Ah, the science of deduction. I love you all the same.”
The elder Holmes seemed to have already reconciled himself with the situation. Even in this his reason had prevailed. He took his leave, and I could only wonder what was going on in his soul.
“First I am sharing my rooms. Now I am to act as your sweetheart’s coachman?” Mycroft retorted.
“I’m almost done; just dropped in for dinner.”
“Taking a break from the metropolis is what the doctor ordered after strenuous work, isn’t it?” the Colonel replied, smiling.
John and I rose to greet him when he entered our sitting-room. Judging by his robust, complacent countenance, business in the office was going well. The complete downfall of the former Moriarty’s network had provided him with more leverage than ever. The best international spies he had obtained for his use had clearly proved their value.
“And every surgeon accepts it?”
“You know, we should blow off some steam,” I said.
, it’s very easy to imagine that Holmes and Watson decided to try their luck in South Africa. Here’s why:
“John,” he gasped, barely articulate.
“God, you’re spoiling me,” John drawled, sighing. “Let me return the favour.”
“Yet you don’t seem to be satisfied.”
“I’ll manage.”
We did need a country vacation. Begrudgingly, I came to admit that. Fresh air would benefit John’s complexion and both our shredded nerves. Besides, John’s birthday was nearing. Only an elaborate costume allowed me to run about in search of a gift.
“No.”
“Nothing. I’ve grown old and grey, that’s all,” he replied in a dull, hollow tone.
It occured to me that Sherlock’s room was the last place in the house I hadn’t searched for alcohol. If he had such a storage, the wardrobe would be the main suspect. I examined the shelves, revolted with myself, yet in a state of some morbid excitement. My hypothesis proved to be correct: there, in the depth, amidst wigs, strange costumes, and regular clothes, a bottle of absinthe was stuck into an old boot. I laughed out loud—my Holmes, a Bohemian soul through and through.
When they discover the body of the German master, Holmes, already knowing that Heidegger gave his life to protect young Arthur, turns Heidegger’s body over
By his return I was dressed again and had packed into my valise everything necessary. The cab was at the door; we set out, sharing the thrill of our forthcoming adventure. Although we knew how it would unfold, there was still an element of danger in it, for what we were about to do was considered a crime in our country. We broke the law quite regularly in the safety of our flat, in our double bed upstairs, keeping quiet. Our household was aware of our relationship, of course. The state of sheets alone was the most damning evidence, not to mention that it was nigh impossible to be on guard all the time, regarding with caution every glance or word that passed between us. Yet it still wouldn’t do to disturb the people who lived under the same roof with us, no matter how loyal they were.
John’s face paled with anxiety again, the twinkle in his eyes replaced by the haunted look I hated myself for. All I had ever brought him was misery.
“I’ll be good, ma’am. Word of a gentleman.”
One more point I’d like to mention is that burglars in this novel, as it often happens in ACD’s works, have their criminality written on their ruffianly faces. A far cry from Raffles, the gentleman thief.
“Let me think. The attic won’t do for the same reason. Ah, there’s a small larder in the kitchen. Perhaps they won’t even notice it?”
The cold struck through my heart. For an instant everything swam in front of my eyes. My poor John. His reaction was far more severe than I had imagined.
Growing more and more absorbed in our plans for the future, we talked till nightfall. By then our excitement was so great that it put to a severe test the integrity of the rickety bed in our room upstairs. We entertained serious concerns that it might fall apart. At one point we abandoned it, for the creaking was intolerable, but eventually we had to sleep. By some miracle it was still intact in the morning.
“He invites you too, and now we have time to accept.”
“Please calm yourselves,” I said, walking into the parlour. “It’s rather complicated to explain, but I am no ghost.”
“But I am such a coward,” Mrs. Langley replied, blushing and shaking her head. “I was so afraid for my own life that I couldn’t bring myself to come to Baker Street and left those vague cues instead.”
And so he did, leading a rather retired life during the remaining week until Jelland’s trial. At least he was relatively safe in his temporary lodgings. I kept an eye on Lord Knightsborough and ostensibly returned to Baker Street, to draw the gang’s attention from John to myself. It was a mark of how desperate the situation was for Moriarty when he called on me and tried to warn me off. After our conversation it became obvious that the Professor would revert to equally desperate measures to kill me. The finesse of his schemes was replaced by brutal force: instead of intricately staged ‘accidents’ it was now bludgeon-men and air-guns. He had stopped caring altogether about disguising his intentions.
The entire time I was attending to Mrs. Hudson, Holmes stood beside his bed like a ghost, his expression blank. I had no wish to see him further and would have left for Southwark immediately, but my coat had remained upstairs. When I went back for it, Holmes was still frozen to the spot. Without paying him much attention, I put on my coat and headed out.
“That serious, eh?” John muttered. “What about your documents?”
“Convincing or ridiculous?” he asked, his eyes twinkling.
supporting the idea that Holmes and Watson retired together, since at Baker Street there could be no tree to observe from the window of Watson’s room, as there was no backyard either. So it might be a hint at their country house rather than the London flat.
Nekosmuse suggests that perhaps someone close to Holmes was Milverton’s victim if Holmes reacts so strongly, almost taking it personally. If so, I find the following line even more hilarious:
Originally posted on Sep 23rd, 2018
“But Sherlock, you solved the Duke’s case and—”
So passed another year and then another. I was resolved to wait for as long as it would take. Burying myself in work helped to ward off fruitless anxiety. When I went to sleep I would be entirely exhausted and thus unable to think.
Like I’ve mentioned before, Christie was not the only one who borrowed from predecessors. Doyle himself was inspired by Edgar Allan Poe. Poe’s Dupin is an eccentric which leads a secluded life with his companion, tends to talk in soliloquies, investigates for amusement, and keeps silent about his findings until the time is ripe. Doyle borrowed the concept from Poe while making his own works less graphic in depiction of violence, less wordy, and more dynamic. However, Christie, in turn, did not just borrow some characterisations from Doyle. In several cases she copied details almost verbatim and nicked a couple of plots as well.
“You wrote the truth,” I replied, pressing his hand.
. Watson begins with a statement that all his confidential papers regarding past cases are kept safely in a bank vault which is quite reasonable given his mentioning in VEIL that there had been attempts of break-ins at their Baker Street lodgings. Since Holmes is an expert in burglary himself, 221b must be quite burglar-proof, but letting the public know that the archive is in not even there is a good strategy to prevent any future instances. He also reminds that Holmes and he treat information they possess with utmost discretion, and that his fictionalised accounts are selected in a way which could not possibly harm their former clients and their families. Indeed, in openings of many stories it is highlighted that either a permission was given or the person in question passed away.
I caressed his cheek. We kissed again, and then I had to pull back and get up. Obliging him in this delicate matter pleased me. It marked how close we were: being as self-reliant as he was, he didn’t shy away from asking this of me. After years spent in self-imposed isolation, now he yearned to be touched and loved when I tended to him.
“What are you talking about? Stop this nonsense at once,” I exclaimed as I sat down beside him.
“We’ll have to run,” Holmes cried. “On my mark!”
“How is she?” Holmes’s colourless voice was barely audible.
“That’s the perseverance I recognise,” the Colonel patted me on the hand. “So, this Christmas?”
“I see that I owe you an explanation, Doctor,” Sherlock Holmes said quietly.
Sherlock slept well past noon the following day and had a better appetite upon waking. He was still hardly in shape for travelling, but his mind was set on returning to London. Someone from the hotel staff must have tipped off the press, for we were accosted by numerous reporters when we were leaving the hotel. We made a quick dash to the cab, and I literally had to push the most impertinent fellows out of our way.
Several times in my life I have done utterly reckless things with so little motive that I have found it difficult to explain them to myself afterwards. One day, during the first year of my cohabitation with Holmes, I was hobbling back to Baker Street, hardly noticing anything around. The only thought beating in my brain like a hammer was that I had gambled away all my money. Everything. I could not conceive why that had happened. Usually I possessed enough common sense to stop if luck wasn’t on my side. But not on that occasion. It was as if something had come over me. I must have been completely out of my mind.
We went through a series of corridors and back rooms and finally found ourselves in the gallery overlooking the main hall of Hamleys. Even for me, an adult, the place seemed magical, like a miniature town: finely crafted dollhouses, trains, carriages, pretty dolls dressed up in the latest fashion, and countless other toys of all sizes and shapes imaginable. In the centre of the hall, there was a magnificent Christmas tree glittering in the semi-darkness and an enormous clock castle, a real masterpiece, with turrets and a drawbridge.
I caressed him and whispered sweet nothings to relax him. It never ceases to amaze me how he craves simple touch, especially once his aloof veneer is cast off. Cast off were the clothes too, and we moved against each other naked, in every sense. His nervous tension melted away; I could feel that he gave himself wholly to pleasure as did I. There was no shadow of melancholy in his eyes when he reached the peak and I followed. I would follow him anywhere.
“Yes,” I replied, and it was the truth.
“No,” I said, feeling light-headed. “If anything, it wasn’t pity.”
And finally, there is a story
Clara shrugged her shoulders and did as she was told. I examined the clock closely, trying to employ Holmes’s methods. It was a fine JJ Elliott clock in a square wooden case, relatively inexpensive and thus affordable to an average lower middle class family. The glass dial cover was shattered and a big crack ran across the left side of the case. The back panel arrested my attention—it had been crudely forced.
“He wrote a novel based on the first case we handled together,” Holmes remarked.
“Oh John,” Sherlock gasped, “please don’t play with me.”
I especially like the way the Granada adaptation handled Holmes’s dismissal of Gibson’s words that succeeding in the case would get the press “booming” Holmes. The camera briefly shifts to a chuckling Watson who shares Holmes’s amusement, and then Holmes says,
I couldn’t find an answer. It was true that one had to watch one’s every word and deed lest there be the tiniest reason for being reported to the authorities. Sometimes even being an exemplary citizen could end badly if you were too successful or too bright. Living quietly was the best way to avoid envy and slander. A quiet life had its simple joys like eating an ice-cream on a sunny day or watching a music hall performance. Throwing away your life for an idea? I had had enough of that.
We enjoyed another fortnight of our blissed domesticity. Mrs. Hudson’s cooking gradually worked its magic, and as the weather was getting warmer, we had more energy and went out more.
