Tony smiles sadly and observes the snowy ground. His throat closes in on him, his eyes watering. He blinks the tears away. “I should’ve told you sooner, but it was just so easy to live my life as a father and my life with Steve separately. It was peaceful...it was…” Tony coughs. “But I know my happiness...my selfishness would come at a price if I kept this to myself any longer. It can’t be at the expense of you as my children. I’ll never do that to you.”
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
“Peter, I don’t—” Steve blinks before the world can spin any further. He wants to run. He needs to run. But he has to protect Peter first. He has to—
"That you hit him with his shield...he said—" Tony rolls his eyes when he says, "I don't know. He said he wanted to catch it, that's why it hit him. He...he laughed. So, maybe he thought it was funny?"
"So, that's two items down," Steve mumbles, and it's almost incredibly endearing, Steve referring to his little list that way he had so many times before. If only Tony isn't still so angry. "Next we have the...right, the indoor playground had a ball pit and bouncy house. And we asked everyone—because we couldn't let the rest of the Avengers not have any fun—they went to the playground with us, remember? Uncle Clint started enjoying himself a bit too much, and he was able to rope Uncle Thor into some ball pit war, or whatever it was they did. At first, you stuck with me and your dad. You wanted to climb and crawl through the entire playground, but your dad...hm."
By some inhuman feat, Steve manages to pull Tony closer. If he were any closer to Steve by then, he would, quite literally, be under Steve’s skin. Steve exhales, content, and Tony can smell his breath wafting to his nose.
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Teddy closes the laptop and sets it on his side table. He coaxes Billy to lie down and drags the blanket over him.
“Your first day at home shouldn’t have been your first official day. You were only set out to meet us and get to know us. We introduced ourselves to you, as
Steve nods and kisses Tony behind his ear. He takes his apron and watches Tony help Peter into his own. “You know you don’t need an apron to help, right?” he teases.
“So, I made a few calls behind your back,” Tony says to Steve as he wipes a smear of ketchup from Peter’s cheek.
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ                              Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ
Tony sighs as he leans back into the chair. “That’s one of us at least,” he says ruefully, though there’s a small grin on his face. “I didn’t realize how... limber the kid can be while asleep. How did he even end up on top of the both of us—”
Tony lifts the small octagonal box with one hand. He’s not sure how Peter had managed to save some of JARVIS’ data after the catastrophe that was Ultron, but his kid never fails to surprise him. “Found him while looking through the stuff Peter brought with him to Germany,” Tony says to Rhodey, as matter-of-factly as he can manage, then looks pointedly at the box, assessing it. “If I had known you’ve been in there all this time, J, I would’ve gone through his stuff sooner.”
"Okay, I'm derailing again. Let's see here. Panic in the morning. Cake. Chewing. Playground. Right, so since your dad was out of commission, I had to step in. But the thing about me and playgrounds, Pete, is that—well—they're not built for me. And I got stuck. Do you remember? Your dad had told you that I was having such a great time I didn't wanna leave. I doubted that you bought that excuse. And fairly surprised you hadn't ever brought it up.”
They remain like that for a long while, standing in the middle of Steve's room, limbs entwined, crying and sobbing into each other's hair. They don't let go until Tony feels the sweat on Peter's back and the sweat on his chest soaking their shirts together. He pulls his tongue out in mild disgust, and sends them off to change.
“Not at all, Mr. Stark,” Noh-Varr replies as Tommy sits beside him. He leans into Tommy’s ear. “Are you okay?”
“Right,” Peter says amusedly. Then he shakes his head and gets back to business. “But don’t you know what they’re doing up there?”
Steve leans down and grabs Peter by the waist, lifting him and giving him small kisses on the cheek. Peter squeals and laughs under his Pops’s embrace. “No booboo for Peter. Pop-pop won’t allow it.”
So Tony looks away. He lets them be enveloped by the darkness, by the semblance of peace offered to them by the late hour, with Peter in his bed, unaware but alive, Tony sitting still with a muddled mind and shaky hands, and Steve standing firm in the shadows, unrelenting, and the words unsaid hanging over them just beyond reach.
If Tommy were to think about how Tony must have felt during his talk with Erik, well, Tommy doesn’t have to think very hard.
Tony crosses the distance between the door and his bed, squeezing through the small space between Steve and the table beside him, the table that still carries Pietro’s vase. He places himself on the bed, back to the wall, head over the window sill, his knees drawn up to his chest. He doesn’t look at Steve, but he schools his expression to something more neutral, opting for uncaring, but he doubts he has achieved that.
"You're being difficult, Tony," he tells Tony, who doesn't hear because he's far too deeply asleep. Steve sits up and places both hands on his hips. "I haven't even finished telling you what happened during my mission last week."
Tony laughs despite himself, a wet, taxing and sudden laugh that comes from the back of the throat. He lists down two more things: Tommy and dust.
“My boyfriend’s cock made itself comfortable inside my asshole for, what, six...maybe seven hours straight,” Tony would respond and he would hear the scissors close and that’s his dignity down the drain. “Will I be able to take a shit properly again, or am I gonna have to wear diapers inside my suits from now on?”
And no, this isn’t to imply that Billy looks up to Tony any less. He had just been less susceptible, and still is less susceptible, to modeling his entire life after Tony.
“He looks a little fazed,” says the man, “but nothing some sleep won’t help fix. How about I make us the Rogers family hot chocolate? That always helps lift my spirits after a difficult prayer.”
He isn’t Steve’s friend, but it’s not like he’s never going to be. Outside of dating his dad, Steve might even be the type of person Billy would
Steve bows his head low and takes Peter into his arms. He walks away, taking hold of Tony’s hand and gently tugging him along.
in the kitchen. Sorry, bud.” He heads back to the StarkTab on the dining table, catching up on the news back home.
But Peter doesn’t listen. How can he after everything else that has come out of his dad’s mouth that day? He pulls down the attic door and down comes the ladder. He doesn’t hear any chanting, only whispers. He climbs up, one rung at a time. The seconds fly by oh so slowly and the whispers only grow louder. His dad’s voice sounds far away now. He’s finally going to prove him wrong.
"I expected more resistance. Something along the lines of...responsibilities or something. We still got the new kids to train."
“Nat got me a bracelet,” Steve tells Tony, but it’s loud enough for the rest of the household to hear. “Clint bought me a gag gift that—”
Tony looks over to Billy, Tommy and Teddy, all three of which are now leaning just a little bit closer to Steve as he regales them with accounts of his life. Tony shouldn’t be surprised with how easily Steve manages to make them
Tony holds up a scrapbook. It’s very obviously handmade. The corners of the cover are a little bent and worn out. Some of the edges of the pages are peeking through the rest of the ream. The inside looks thick, though, and filled to the brim with photos and decorations glued onto the thick paper.
A few texts from Natasha ask him how everything is going and he responds in non-specifics. A couple from Wanda and Thor and Bruce cooing at Peter’s size and wishing them back again soon. Steve receives a few selfies from them as well, and a few more photos of the tower in different levels of disarray. They had thrown a party the night before, says Nat. Steve tells them to clean up before they get back.
He grabs a hold of Tony’s hand that is clutching onto the blanket. He lifts it to his lips and gives it a peck. “C’mon now.”
Billy lets go to take a swig of his coffee and the rest of the table does the same. The murmurs of the enclosed space drowns out whatever sense of friendship they just had.
He enters a pub once when Steve and Tony are both preoccupied with their map and the StarkTab’s GPS and where to go next, dragging Tony along with him. Tony whips his head up from the tablet when a voice from in front of him tells him that children aren’t allowed inside, and he profusely apologizes to the bartender, who does recognize him as
The topic of moving in hadn’t come again until months later; months filled with Steve and Tony alternating between units, even with Steve’s friends coming over and sleeping at Tony’s every once in a while. While Tony had kept waiting for the other shoe to drop: Nat being an undercover spy trying to get dirt on Tony, Clint hiding in the vents to get dirt on Tony, Sam and Bucky conspiring against Tony’s relationship with Steve, Steve turning out to be a massive asshole who only wanted Tony’s money; he had only made himself more comfortable sleeping beside Steve. It had been working in his favor so far.
“You can’t possibly be surprised that we looked you up.” The clacking of Billy’s keyboard echoes in the large space.
“He’s healing like Steve,” Natasha said earlier that day after the doctors and nurses had assessed and reassessed both Peter’s and Tony’s physical and mental conditions. It’s embarrassing how quickly they go in and out of the room, leaving no time for Tony to collect his bearings and to internalize what had just been said to him, and statements like
They can ask for an extra mattress in the morning, though he supposes the Wakandans will give him a whole bed if they ask.
"Are we all comfortable?" Steve asks, as Peter climbs into the bed with them. He lays himself between his dad and his pops, and revels in the way their arms are tightly pressed against his own.
Steve asks Tommy, Billy, and Teddy to open his gift for them simultaneously. Tony has to stop himself from bringing out his phone and filming the three of them opening up their gifts. Seeing them lined up on the floor, tearing open wrapping paper like animals, it sends Tony back to when they were younger.
"All I'm trying to say is…" He sticks his tongue out as he glides the paintbrush down Tony's protruding belly. "Is that I… am… glad that that snake didn't kill me."
NONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONONO The attic door closes with a thud. The fork clangs to the floor.
In hindsight, that should have been the end of the conversation. In fact, they should never have played another round. Because again, the universe has a personal vendetta against Tony, and Tony can only do so much to appease it one day at a time. But that line of thought is all for later, when the dust clears, clearing Tony’s mind with it. For now, the futurist is stuck in the present playing a game of Life with his son and boyfriend. And boy, does the past have a way of making an entrance.
“They’re gonna wanna see and know what it is." Tony crosses his arms over his chest and grumbles, "And I'm passionate about all my projects. They just all involve work in some way.”
“I love you too,” Tony replies, open and vulnerable. “We’ll have an even better time tomorrow. You’ll see.”
Steve emerges from the walk-in closet now clad in his loosest shirt. The sleeves still stretch at the sheer size of his arms, but at least his chest doesn’t look too exposed.
His son gives him one long kiss on the cheek, and Tony kisses him back on the forehead as he balances the plate of hash browns in one hand .
"Now, that," Tony says, bringing the back of Steve's hand to his lips. "That sounds like home to me."
"We chalked it up to you being shy. But there was this night. After I realized that I left my slippers in your room after tucking you in. Before I opened your bedroom door to get them back, I heard you sniffling. You were crying. Then you turned on your light, and I thought you caught me. But you didn't open the door. Instead, you called out to JARVIS. And you called him Mr. JARVIS.
“Well, I have this grater,” Steve says as he holds the item up, “and I’m going to—” He mimes shredding the potato over the grater and Peter watches, curious. “It’s gonna turn the potatoes into tiny little shreds, so we can shape them into…?”
“It wasn’t my first time at the MET, but it felt like it. We talked for hours. He told me tidbits I already knew, tidbits I didn’t. I didn’t even realize it was closing time until he pointed it out.” A pause. “I technically didn’t need Tony anymore after that, but I kept coming back. Kept asking questions the conservators at the museum already told me the answer to.
“Carl is the guy from yesterday? Sheesh. And it’s his nephew, by the way, this Dez boy. Far as I can tell, the kid didn’t have anything to do with it. Peter said the kid said the uncle told the kid to say what he did.”
Tommy nuzzles his face into Tony’s shoulder. Tommy shudders with the oncoming blubber of words he himself can’t make out. “I—I…” Tommy tries as his breathing starts to slow. He coughs and pushes himself away from Tony’s grip. “I don’t want you to hate me.”
anymore.” Steve shrugs the rest of the story away. There’s a tinge of red at the tip of his ears as he pours himself a mug of coffee.
Tony smiles, stiff and uncomfortable. “You can tell me if you’re bothered about Steve, you know. The sooner, the better, Tommy—”
Of course, it wouldn't be a day in Steve's apartment without a half-naked Bucky, which he so clearly is, and the sunlight has a few more hours to spare before it disappears into the New York horizon.
Billy squints at the queue by the counter, and sure enough, Steve’s hulking figure and blond hair stands out among the rest. “What’s he doing here? Shit, the gifts.” Billy places the paper bags between himself and Teddy. They’re inconspicuous enough as they are, so hiding them in plain sight should be fine.
"All babies look like sad clowns," he says as he takes the set of paints off the shelf. "I bet our baby is going to look like a sad clown. Tony, would you still love our baby if they end up looking like a sad clown forever?" He walks back to their bed, gently lifts the covers off of Tony. He sits beside Tony, folding his legs in front of him. "It's not like they're actually sad—oh, I forgot the water."
So Tony stays awake, holed up in a room in the Avengers Facility Medbay, Natasha’s voice playing on loop in his head as he sits uncomfortably on a plastic chair, his arms stiff on the armrest and his legs alternately crisscrossing each other.
Tony sucks in a breath. “Not what I meant.” Tony sighs again. He pushes Steve back down to the bed and he lies on Steve’s chest as he goes down with him. “Stay.”
Tony stops himself just in time from curling into a ball and telling his sons to leave him where he lies. They don’t notice that he’s frozen in place though, because Tommy growls and halts himself, effectively stopping the chain of Starks walking around Central Park. Tony could feel Tommy’s arm under his coat contract and relax with every vibration, but he doesn’t make a move to take his phone out of his pocket and answer the call.
—hing, now being reduced to nothing because of no one’s own fault. Then the flames disappear and Peter is older in the arms of another set of parents: two men. One evil, one kind. And he watc—
So he settles for the most neutral question he could think of, still in relation to the relationship, and asks in the kindest voice he could muster. “How did you and Dad meet?”
Peter does place his clothes neatly on one of the empty shelves, but that's not the reason why he had been in search of the walk-in in the first place.
Steve laughs and eases up. “But we were both clearly treading over uncharted waters. He was just more careful than me, I suppose. He had
He throws the battered pillow on the ground and leaps to his phone on the bed. Lying on his stomach on the mattress, Tommy feels his hands shaking as he unlocks his phone. He hears the beating of his heart in his ears as the message app opens.
“No, I don’t mean that. I mean—we should go to the west coast. Take a trip to the mansion in Malibu.”
that is), even if it’s just for the physicality alone. The problem makes itself clear when said dad had groaned in realization at the sight of Teddy, when Billy had realized himself how detached this side of his dad’s life really is from the rest of them.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELP
They slowly find which seating works best for all of them. Tony gives up his usual seat at the head of the table, and offers it to Tommy. Instead, he’s seated on Tommy’s left-hand side with Steve beside himself. Across Steve sits Teddy—and while that doesn’t help Tony avoid comparing the two, at least they both aren’t in his immediate eyeline—and beside Teddy is Billy.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜
Billy’s frown only gets deeper. He grabs the money from Tommy and tells him he’ll see what he can find.
Sadly, Tony just cannot escape every meeting, especially after skipping the last ten meetings because a.) Tony has not been feeling well for the past few months, and b.) Tony saved the world. He deserves a good ten outs.
At that moment, he feels like a child. Maybe even wants to be a child again. Just away from all this…crap.
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕
Because the moment he pokes his head out of the hallway, Tommy screams “dad!” and that’s a normal breakfast out the window.
“To the other side of the country. I was thinking, for next year. We could go fly out to LA, maybe meet up with Tommy. Then drive back to New York. Just you and me.”
“Understandable,” Noh-Varr replies. “Though I do have something for everybody.” He excuses himself from the living room and goes to grab something from Tommy’s bedroom. He comes back with three packs of coffee beans—which he hands to Tony, Billy and Teddy—and an LA tourist t-shirt for Steve. “I got that from the airport in a hurry.”
“The affair continued.” Tony shrugs. “As much as I knew it shouldn’t. Despite Wanda herself knowing.” Tony closes his eyes. “And then the accident happened.” Tony squirms in his seat. He tries not to think about seeing Wanda in the hospital bed, seeing Erik and Pietro in torment. He hadn’t understood then what it had meant to lose someone he loved, and perhaps he doesn't understand it still. Not really. Not the way they had. “I went to visit her, you know? Hoping to see if there was anything I could do. I half-expected her to tell me to leave her and her family alone. But all she told me was to watch over her kids.”
In a room, pressed against the wall across the door, is a small wooden table with bits and pieces of memorabilia. Steve recognizes some from the Second World War: Captain America collectible cards and postcards preserved in frames. A few notes seem to have come from Steve’s notebooks, pages he had long forgotten about. They are mostly accounts of the actual war and some of their battle strategies, with small scribbles and doodles surrounding them. Above the table is a framed photo of Steve and the Howling Commandos. It’s the original photo, a rare one too, and it isn't some knockoff printed off the internet. Steve would know; he remembers when this photo had been taken and remembers seeing it for the first time. Dum Dum had accidentally placed his coffee cup on one corner of the picture, creating a stain still visible on the photo today.
“He’s great!” Tommy exclaims. “Fine, yeah, he’s a little scary. Dad was terrified of him before. But nothing brings family closer together than shared hatred for Victor. Dad must’ve told you about Victor—”
“And did he also dye his hair white? Is that what you kids do these days when you date someone? What happened to matching bracelets?”
“Relax, Steve.” Billy opens his laptop back up, though his eyes betray the smile he’s hiding behind it. “We don’t think you were mooching off of Dad.”
Tommy’s throat constricts. He can feel his eyes water. “Me,” he says with a laugh as he holds his tears back. They fall anyway. He sniffles, “what else?”
As the morning gets warmer, or as warm as it can get in rural Ireland, and the pancakes and the eggs and the bacon are all laid out on the table in front of them, Steve can’t help but bow his head down to say grace.
Tommy reciprocates Tony’s hold. He can feel Tony’s quickening heartbeat, then his own, through the hand trapped between their chests. He closes his fingers and clutches onto the fabric of Tony’s shirt, afraid that he’ll fall, that Tony would let go, and there will be nobody around to catch him before he hits the ground.
“I—” Tony pauses as he slings an arm around Tommy and rests his cheek on the crown of Tommy’s head. He places a small kiss on Tommy’s hair then urges Tommy closer. “I don’t—”
“Then we’re not gonna ask you to break up with him. Obviously, we’re gonna wanna meet him. And sure, it’s going to be weird at first, but you deserve to be happy too. And if we see that he isn’t like all the others—”
Just then, the front door to the small apartment opens. Steve and Sam make their way inside, paper bags filled to the brim with snacks and takeout in each arm.
“Do you want something to drink? Coffee, juice, tea?” Tony asks Noh-varr, leading both him and Tommy to the dining area. “Maybe a sandwich?”
“Fine, maybe I don’t,” Tommy says, feigning indignance. “But Dad thinks he’s so slick because he was able to make me come home for his little boyfriend.”
Rhodey takes a seat on the spare bed while Tony settles on the chair, unmoved from Peter’s side since their first day there. He picks up JARVIS again, which is a weird notion in and of itself: picking up JARVIS. He’s supposed to be code placed in his systems and computers and suits, not a totally separate device that needed more care than Tony’s used to. He recognizes the metal used on the box. It’s scrap from one of his broken armors he had once disassembled, to show Peter what had been inside, and maybe teach him a few things about how they worked. In retrospect, not his best decision.
Steve shakes his head, chuckling. "We just pulled out shirts without really paying any attention because we wanted to go back to searching for you. If we'd been any faster, we would've missed the boy tucked into the corner of our closet, hidden behind hangers. You had been sleeping, and you had on one of your dad's shirts and you were hugging my sweater so tightly."
"Did I tell you how weirdly embarrassed I felt when I woke up?" Peter says after the lights are turned off.
Tony flinches at the sound of her name. “He...he knows you once dated a girl with that name. That’s it.”
It isn’t until after Tommy and Tony are on their second game of Life, a few minutes after three in the afternoon, that Steve emerges from the bedroom, now in a change of clothes and hair wet from a shower. He’s sporting a cream sweater with an interlacing pattern over the dark two-sizes-too-small shirt he wanted to wear earlier. His denim pants are loose and dark, contrasting his sweater perfectly. On his feet are bright red and green Christmas socks with a cartoony rendition of Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer scattered all around.
“Good morning, Mr. Stark,” comes Noh-Varr’s voice. He’s nursing a cup of coffee in one hand. On the table, Tommy’s laptop rests. YouTube is on and it’s playing some sort of skit from a group Tony is only vaguely familiar with. “Did you sleep well?”
“I did.” Steve had thought he would have a harder time sleeping in an old queen-sized bed with another fully grown adult and a child in it, but he got a solid two hours out of it. “Enough for now.”
, you’ve done more than what mom or Vision had ever done for me and Billy, and no amount of adoption papers you might wanna unsign after hearing all of this will ever take that away from me.”
Tony smiles and inches closer to give Steve a kiss. “I’m sorry. I’m not any better, accusing the both of you of...being childish.”
"It's our friends." It's the photo of his parents, arm in arm, enjoying each other's company as nothing else mattered. "It's laughter in the tower. It's… the moments that define us."
“I also need your opinion on something. It’s not, like, urgent or anything but I do have quite a list to go through.”
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕                   Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Steve places a soft kiss on Tony's forehead before wrapping his arms around Tony's neck in an embrace. "You can make it up to me by beating Clint at Mario Kart."
Tony nods mockingly. He crosses his fingers together, brings his chin closer to his hands. "Would you like extra credit for that?"
Tony closes his hands into fists. He brings them to his forehead as he let out a disgruntled sound. “It’s not about him being a
"No." Tony places his hands on his hips. "I'm not a child, Peter. He just wants me to get enough sleep."
“I’m sorry,” Steve says. He doesn’t feel his mouth move. He flinches, a sudden ringing in his ears. Peter isn’t in his arms any longer. Tony’s face becomes clearer, brighter. Too bright. The background is a blurry mess of colors that don’t make any sense. It makes Steve want to vomit. “I’m sorry.”
. Sometimes, I’d tell myself, ‘dad would understand. He’s been through the same. Loving someone and being with someone who couldn’t be fully his.’ Then I realized that the reason why you wouldn’t understand is
After getting his coffee, Steve searches for a place to sit. He approaches a table occupied by several women on their phones. He leans down to talk to them, then takes the free seat. It isn’t until Steve is finally seated that he sees Billy and Teddy. He sits up straight, and gives them a small wave.
"You fell asleep in my arms that night. I think this is where I'm getting at. See my list...it has 'PETER SLEEP ARMS' in large capital letters. So...um. You fell asleep in my arms. We were in a van, with all the rest of the Avengers. We were in the front passenger seat. Your dad was driving. And I felt...peace. You drooled on my favorite sweater—and, gosh. I didn't wash that sweater for a month. Weird, but. A father does what he can to...to keep a part of his son's innocence in place.”
He changes his shirt while Peter is still in the bathroom. He stretches the collar of the clean blue sweater up to his nose: it doesn't smell like Steve.
Steve ducks his head to say grace just as Tommy digs into his food. The forkful of eggs stops halfway to his mouth, and the resounding silence is rather comical. Steve looks up to everyone’s eyes on him. He chuckles and scratches the back of his head, saying, “Don’t mind me.”
Tony buries his face on the crook of Steve’s neck as Steve pushes a hand in Tony’s shirt, feeling the skin underneath.
He places the sweatshirt over the letter. “It’s to keep me warm, okay?” he had said in Japan, haughtily, though the sentiment lingers as he pats the fabric and closes the case.
“This Bucky guy sounds familiar,” Billy muses after Steve tells them about the hijinks that ensued at the hospital when Bucky got his prosthetic arm.
"Let's just say his back hadn't been that great because...er—awful sleep, remember? But that's not—it's not really important. Your dad had bad joints." And even to Tony's ear, Steve sounds mechanical and stiff, sputtering. Tony can imagine the blush creeping up Steve's cheek and the tips of his ears, matching Tony's own underneath his blanket.
“So how was the vacation? Did you enjoy LA?” Noticing that Tommy’s mostly done with the dishes, Billy hops off his stool to help him load them into the dishwasher.
“Oh, Bucky’s doctor also approached me about my asthma,” Steve says after swallowing a whole bacon. “And I can’t really explain it, but Dr. Erskine made it all go away. I suddenly put on more pounds than I thought was possible for me and...here I am.”
When the Avengers had first moved in, the tabloids went a little wild with their theories and their headlines, most of which involved Tony one way or another. They had reported on Tony’s sexuality ahead of Tony coming out. They had reported of Tony and Pepper’s breakup way ahead of the breakup. And they had reported on Tony’s new relationships when there had been none. One such instance included an article in a gossip magazine that, according to a ‘reliable source,’ Tony has slept with all of the original members of the Avengers. The article hadn’t only brought up Tony’s less than ideal past, it had also taken a jab at the other Avengers as well: Thor is a sex-crazed god, the agents—Nat and Clint, though the tabloids wouldn’t have known, it had been a different time after all—are well-trained seducers, and Bruce, with the Hulk’s libido, is bound to have gotten his share of the action.
“Some university friend who wants to see you. Said he heard you were in the city and wanted to say hi.”
“He’s doing okay. Helpful, even with just one hand.” Clint pauses. “The animals seem to like him. And Pietro treats him like a little brother, so I guess it’s safe to say he’s being taken care of.”
“No, Dad. I’m doing fine,” Tommy answers, rolling his eyes. “But that’s not the point. Where was I?”
Tony had only shrugged and had said it had been as much for Teddy and Lisa as it had been for his boys.
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPR̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
“No? Okay, then. So, where was I? I don’t know all the details with the Parkers and the Starks, how they’re able to reach a deal like this. I know their deal had a lot to do with research and experiments, that grandpa and grandma, and eventually Tony, would continue to fund the Parkers’ work should anything happen to them. I wanted to know how a child managed to sneak into the story, and Tony did too. But nobody had the answer, and all we’re left with is a choice.
“My great-grandmother knew your mum. At least, that’s what my mum always said to me. Said they were friends of a sort growing up. I’ve hung onto that if you don’t mind, Mr. Rogers. I know there’s a chance it’s isn’t true—my great-grandmother died long before I was born, see—but I’ve always hung on to the fact that they could’ve been friends.”
“This meeting is for my daughter,” Erik had added, ending Tony’s suffering. “And for my grandchildren. They come first.”
“A blanket?” Steve says after unwrapping his gift from Tommy. He reads the note and his face quickly reddens. “Oh my God.”
"Add to the clothes piled up on it...we had to start a list of pre-approved safe situations for you."
“And I was willing too! Willing to leave Victor and just hand them a fat pile of cash every year. But...And then…” Tony swallows. He takes a long swig of his coffee to wash away the ashy taste that has settled on his tongue. “And then I met them. I met Billy and Tommy and I knew I couldn’t. I wouldn’t be able to.”
He does a quick runthrough of his entire body, wiggling his toes and his fingers to confirm that, yes, he does indeed still have all of his limbs attached, only that he’s having a hard time feeling them. His arms are locked in place; his right arm is tucked under him, folded forward, so that his elbow is taking the brunt of his weight. There’s another arm stuck beneath him, but it isn’t his, and it has snaked its way up to his bare chest and to his left armpit, where the hand attached to it is clutching his skin. His left arm isn’t any better as it’s held in place by a different arm snaking its way down, much like the other arm, its fingers tucked under Tony. His legs are a bit more mobile, with only his upper legs held in place. A pain shoots up his knees when he swings his lower legs forward, trying to stretch.
Tony sets down the bread knife on the cutting board. He turns around and smiles at Noh-Varr, making Tommy’s heart rate spike up. “Do you mind if I speak to my son in private? Five minutes.” When Noh-Varr only nods, Tony takes hold of Tommy’s wrist and gently leads him back to his bedroom. He twists the lock as the door closes with a soft click.
"We should get married after you give birth—I mean, you didn't hear that. You deserve a better proposal, and—hey, you're drooling again." Steve leans forward to wipe away the drool, this time with his forefinger. "Me wiping your drool with my finger should be a sign that we should get married—I mean, you didn't hear that. I'm not proposing. Also, we're having a kid, and I just put 'drool wiping' above 'starting a family together' on the list of reasons why we should get married."
Steve can be a beast in bed when he wants to be. And he’s been in bed with Tony for long enough that Tony knows his quirks and his limits—has
"Okay. That's enough spoiling my son. Shoo." With that, the rest of the guests leave and it's only Tony and Peter in the room.
“How was yours?” Tony grumbles and then scowls, more at his computer than at Bucky, although he does spare the other man a quick disappointed glance, just to be sure his intentions are not misunderstood. "That our last carton of milk?"
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
Billy and Teddy grab their laptops and settle on the breakfast nook, intending to get a little bit of work done before noon.
“Dad.” Tommy squirms and unlinks himself from Tony’s embrace. He shoots a wary glance at Tony. “It’s a simple question. How much do you hate her?”
“Indeed.” Noh-Varr rests his elbow on the table then rests his cheek on his palm. “Familiarity...breeds inaction,” he mutters.
“I told them everything they need to know, Steve.” Tony crosses his arms over his chest. He glances at Steve, staring at the ceiling with his fingers interlaced over his belly.
is far from being a problem now. It’s when Steve isn’t around that Tony finds himself choked up by the silence, the loneliness waiting for him in every corner.
As he steps foot outside, he hears the soft thrum of the motorcycle but doesn’t see anyone on its seat. Tony locks up, jiggles the knob to check, then jiggles it again just to be on the safe side. He heads to the motorcycle, clutching at the strap of his bag.
Tony spends a large chunk of his day running. Running meant freedom. Running meant moving forward. Running meant he could stare at America’s ass jiggling with every step.
“I remember it being a good day,” Steve starts, “bright and sunny, but not too hot, when we had to deal with our first emergency three months since you arrived.”
Tony closes his eyes. He taps his fingernail on the wooden surface of the dresser, bites on his lower lip as he tries to find the courage to ask Clint if he could speak to his kid. “Tell him his dad misses him,” he says instead.
"You told...you asked him if you were getting any better at coloring. And if JARVIS had seen the Lego tower you made earlier, and if it was any better than the last one you made. And JARVIS said—"
“Why’d you stop?” Teddy asks. He himself is finished with his pancakes. He slices up his eggs in half and sprinkles a little bit of salt over them.
Tony rolls his eyes as he slowly sits up. He looks over to Steve to find a red mark just below his hairline. No doubt Tony’s sporting a mark of his own. “I fell, Tommy.”
“For the record...” There’s scuffling on the other end. Footsteps. Then, Clint’s voice goes low, almost a whisper. “I never encouraged Steve to get a divorce.”
away. Away from you.” Tony’s voice is small. He feels smaller. He twists his body so that he’s facing Steve.
Billy moans at the touch and leans back. It doesn’t help with the nerves, but he’s not unthankful for the gesture. “It’s not just the age, you know,” he says.
"No, shh." Tony pushes the door open a bit further and wraps Peter in a hug. He kisses the top of Peter's head. "Pops will understand. It's okay."
When Tommy had decided to move to LA two years ago, he had been less excited about the prospect of new opportunities and more relieved to finally be able to just leave. Moving even further away from his dad had probably been one of the hardest decisions he had ever had to make, but after a second trip to the hospital and a few new stitches to boot, neither of them had put up too much of a fight over the idea.
"Fine, but I'm taking a shower by myself." Peter wobbles over to the en suite, with Tony guiding him by the small of his back.
He hears someone clearing their throat. He flips over and sees Tony peeking through his door. Tommy shoots a frown his way before flipping back down on his stomach and locking his phone.
"It was the first time you called us 'dads.' You blinked your large brown eyes, said 'dads?' and we helped you down from the closet."
It has always been Peter’s agenda in playgrounds and ball pits and bouncy castles, playing pretend and heroic and grand. It hadn't come as a surprise to any of them, all things considered, but it does worry Steve. It worries him constantly seeing Peter display any interest in becoming like them. Steve doesn't want Peter to end up doing what they do. He doesn't want his boy to end up experiencing what Steve had gone through.
If how his boys have turned out is indicative of anything, it’s that Tony is enough. Maybe he hadn’t been for a while. But they’re well past that. And for the now, there are only new, different relationships to build.
Tony helps Rhodey out the door. It’s the least he can do. They bid each other their goodnights, and Tony watches Rhodey huff stubbornly to himself as he makes his way to the elevator. Tony closes and locks the door behind him after Rhodey has safely made it inside the elevator car, middle finger up at Tony. As Tony spins around on his heels, he hears Steve and JARVIS sharing small pleasantries. Steve is smiling so openly at the small black box, it tugs at his heartstrings, only a little, barely enough.
Steve takes one final step before seizing up, falling to his knees on the soft dewy grass. The moon hangs over him glumly as the clouds roll by.
You see, Tony can’t deny that he had spent a lot of those years sleeping with one eye open; at first for his sons, and then eventually for his own well-being. It had taken him the first one-third of his parenthood to learn that a half-empty bed isn’t something to be afraid of, that the couch isn’t such a bad place to sleep on, that loneliness is a worthwhile venture if it means escape.
“But...uh. Do me a favor. Promise me one thing.” Tony leans toward Noh-Varr with a raised eyebrow. “Promise me that you and Tommy will take care of each other. You communicate, you make compromises. Okay? That’s all I ask.”
Their tour of the museum ends with them huddled close in the entrance hall, and with Mr. Calloway still thanking them profusely for the meager ten-thousand-dollar check and a few little Captain America trinkets of their own, all of which are from Steve’s life in the 21st century.
“Or pushed.” Tommy makes his way in front of Steve and reaches out a hand almost exactly the same way Billy did. “I’m Tommy.”
He checks for the time on his phone: 4:35 in the morning. What time has he even fallen asleep? He remembers having a panic attack, remembers Tommy helping him to his bed. Tommy had even helped him into a change of clothes after washing away the sweat on his skin with a damp washcloth.
Steve nods back, unsure, but feeling lighter. The slight panic that has taken residence in his throat is finally climbing back down and he breathes a little easier, a little better than he had all day. He’s tempted to ask Tony if he can roll down the windows for some fresh air, but seeing his husband shivering under his many layers, he decides against it.
“Keys on the long table. And bring me water!” he shouts at the door. With a gentler demeanour, he looks back at his dad, saying, “hey, Dad. Hi. Remember what you always tell me? Whenever I had my panic attacks? C’mon now, find me five things you can see. Hey, can you do that?”
The walk back to their car is short but stressful. Tony is diligent about keeping an eye out for literally anyone crossing their path, and Steve isn’t any different, though there’s a reservedness to him that he channels into wrapping his arms around Peter. He’s not sure if it’s because he wants to hide Peter from the public or if it’s because he wants to be as close to his son as physically possible. Perhaps, it’s a mixture of both. Steve feels too out of his own body to have the presence of mind to categorize his feelings.
“Our best thing came in the shape of a seven-year-old boy, holding his favorite bunny plushie, and looking up at us with large brown eyes. Not to say that you’re a thing, but you know what I mean, Pete. Eyes like yours though, I could’ve sworn I saw so much of Tony in them, but then Tony told me that same night you came home, that that shy and determined boy who walked through our elevator, reminded him of me. And that’s how I knew that you would stay with us forever.
Tony diverts his gaze from the two, but ends up facing Billy instead, and he could argue that that’s a lot worse than facing the fact that his boyfriend and his son’s husband does not only look similar, they also carry themselves almost the exact same way. And their heights don’t offer a lot of difference either.
“No,” Tommy says. “No, this isn’t—I’m...I should be the one apologizing.” He lifts his head up to look into Tony’s eyes.
Billy reaches out a hand. “Odd beginnings,” he says when Steve takes it. “But better odd than...well, the bad kind.”
? Steve’s far too young to have to take care of Tony. He still has a full life ahead of him. Plus, Erik and the rest of the family are arriving in New York for New Years. Who’s going to cook them dinner? Maybe Steve can cook? They can’t serve their grandfather pancakes and bacon for dinner. He has to watch his sugar and fried foods intake. Does that mean they have to kick Steve out? Probably not. Pietro already met him anyway. Steve should be more than welcome to—
Steve yawns again, then lies back down and brings the blanket up to his neck. “No,” he says, voice raspy. “Probably one of your kids. I heard someone going out before I fell asleep.”
Tommy takes a second to respond. “Yeah,” Tommy says, breathless. “Yeah, I’ve met him. He and Kate used to date. It lasted, like, a month.”
having some sort of contest with his sons over whose partner is older, better looking, or whatever it is kids try to one-up each other with these days. Tony dating Steve does not mean he’s suddenly peers with his sons. But it doesn’t mean that Steve
Tony asks Billy and Teddy to head out and grab a box of bagels at their usual place. Noh-Varr offers to go instead, and Tony agrees. Teddy also offers to come with so Noh-Varr doesn’t get lost, and there really isn’t any reason for Tony to say no, so he sends them off with a few dollars in hand and gifts for the employees at the bagel place.
“Tony.” Steve sits up straight and adjusts his backrest forward. “You could’ve just woken me up, sweetheart.”
Tony does miss Steve. He really does. He started missing Steve the moment he had driven off to Brooklyn in his motorcycle some three days ago. Suddenly, the unit felt a little bit colder with Steve gone, and for a moment, Tony had been faced with
There's shuffling on Peter's bed. Steve must have made himself comfortable by Pete's feet, sitting on the edge of the bed and touching their son. He could be touching Peter’s calf or wiggling Peter’s toes as he had once done when Peter had been younger. Tony doesn’t let his paternal instincts get the best of him. It has betrayed him once before, in Leipzig, when he raised his repulsor rays at a mild-mannered newcomer dressed in blue and red tights, everything else whizzing past him in a blur. Steve had been no better, but no worse than Tony if he really thinks about it. He has chosen not to, and that night isn’t any different. He finds it easier to justify the anger that bubbles up, the want to spring up from his bed and kick Steve off of Peter.
Steve is immediately on his feet, lifting the boy in his arms. He looks for the other boy in the playground and finds him far away, at the edge of the paved walkway, hand-in-hand with a strikingly familiar man. As the child and the man walk away, the man peeks over his shoulder for one last glance at Steve. Their eyes meet.
“And I’m pretty sure Peter enjoyed himself if all the jumping around was anything to go by. And I had fun spending time with my family. So it’s all good, right?”
“Bring ‘em when we visit Steve’s friends,” Tony says and winks cryptically. His sons are going to have to learn the hard way.
“Drop it.” When his phone stops vibrating, he and Billy step forward, but are pulled back when Tony refuses to move. “Dad, c’mon, I’m not answering the—dad?”
Teddy gives Tony a small hug after Tony places the plate on the counter by Steve. Then, he greets Tony a Merry Christmas.
But Tommy doesn’t let him speak. After two quick and long strides, he’s in this man’s space and he places a soft kiss on his lips. Neither of them move, neither of them really do much of anything except touch lips. But Noh-Varr breathes Tommy in just the same as he usually does, and Tommy could feel himself smile.
Tony covers his face with his free hand. "God, one of the happiest days of my life, I swear," he says, grinning.
That last one has Steve and Tony looking at the camera, smiles abound, the biggest Billy has seen from Steve so far, a tinge of red on his cheeks and ears. Tony has one hand on Steve’s shoulder and the other is giving a thumbs up.
“So I rushed out, woke up all the other Avengers. Back then, it was just Aunt Nat and Uncle Clint, Uncle Thor and Uncle Bruce in the tower with us. Sometimes Uncle Rhodey too, but he wasn’t there when this happened. We all made breakfast together. Uncle Clint and Aunt Nat made scrambled eggs and toasted a few biscuits. Uncle Bruce and I somehow ended up making a cake.
However, itt had been one thing to constantly be in the presence of pseudo-frat boys who used to be two of his rowdiest students in class, it’s another ordeal when said pseudo-frat boys had been—still are—
“What?” Tony shifts his weight to turn and face Tommy. He pushes Tommy’s shoulder, forcing him to face Tony. “I don’t understand where this is headed.”
Billy and Tommy each get a new waterproof watch Tony has had a hand in making and a new travel bag (a red one for Billy and a green one for Tommy). Tony had also gotten them each individual, more personal gifts. For Billy are new golden fountain pens with his initials engraved onto the casing, while Tommy gets—
"No, you're right. Having your dick up my butt immunes you from all your responsibilities. If only all my ex-partners had known. They would have gotten away with tax evasion and stealing government secrets."
"The Young Master had done the same as you. He had asked me what it was you and Sir are both interested in doing, and he'd practice it all night, with those crayons and the Lego that Captain Rogers has mentioned. I believe the Young Sir was simply afraid you wouldn't think his efforts were enough and that he wasn't worthy to be your son. He was afraid you'd push and give him away if he didn't do exactly as you did. This was why he didn't ask more of you, especially during the night when the Young Master could hardly sleep. He believed he had already asked for too much by simply having you as his fathers."
“You know my dad doesn’t have the best track record with relationships, right?” Billy feels Teddy’s chin dig into his shoulders as he nods. “He doesn’t have the best taste in people. And he hasn’t been this serious with anyone since...” Billy swallows.
Tony closes his eyes and smiles. He relishes in the feeling of Steve massaging his face, relishes in the soft touch of Steve's calloused skin on his. "Letting you handle trips usually entails we take your death trap of a motorcycle."
“Wade isn’t planning anything, Dad.” Peter winces when Tony shoots him a knowing and slightly disappointed glance. “You really trust Wade with our
But Tommy only swallows as he looks at Steve’s hands holding Tony’s with a blank expression. He flinches when he meets Tony’s eye and clears his throat to say, “gross!” but it lacks its usual intensity.
Noh-Varr stands. He grabs a glass from one of the overhead cupboards and pours water in it. He slides the glass of water to Tony, who mutters a thanks as he takes a sip. “Tommy has told me all about the divorce. Would you believe me if I say it was with a lot more emotion?”
Minutes later, Tony hands him a cup of warm tea and drapes a quilt over his shoulders. He sits beside Steve but doesn’t touch him. Steve wants Tony to touch him. “Bad dream?” Tony asks, and Steve appreciates it.
“Your dad is so thoughtful, isn’t he, Pete?” Steve says, and Tony has an inkling Steve isn’t talking to Peter at all. The silence stretches for longer than Tony thought it would, and oh, he can feel his armpits dampening. “If your dad was awake, I’d thank him. I’m always thankful for him, but I don’t think I’ve been saying it enough. But let’s let your dad sleep, Pete. I like it when he gets time to rest.
Tony had chuckled at the dig at Steve’s friends, but a feeling of melancholia had settled in his chest. “So you don’t want me to move in?”
Tommy counts the seconds in his head as he stares straight at their door. Then a rapping erupts. Tommy might as well cough up his own heart. He can feel it doing somersaults with his stomach. He can taste acid in the back of his throat.
—while he puts on the loose knitted sweatshirt Billy got for him from one of his trips. It’s made from a multi-colored thread of red, black and gold. It’s almost reminiscent of Christmas sweaters but without the holiday cheer and none of the ‘ugly’ aspect usually attached to them. It’s sleek and stylish—for an old guy—and does it’s job keeping Tony warm.
Steve shoots up, a jerky set of motion that ripples through his body; a quick flop on the bed as he tries to get up. Steve’s forehead hits Tony’s just as Tony has been clamoring for something to hold on to, feeling himself lose balance, and the force of the hit catches him off guard, blinding him for a split second. He loses his balance anyway, but not before clutching hard on the blanket.
“I don’t want to be taken away from you.” Steve’s voice quivers and his lips wobble. “What Hydra did to me… you know it wasn’t a perfect simulation.”
his quirks and his limits, much to Steve’s amusement. But this. This is new. The act of it, not so much. Steve has often said that he likes to stay inside Tony for as long as the night will let him. There had been a shyness to how he first said it that had endeared Tony at first, so much so that it has become attached to positive emotions and memories. It’s just that Tony had never expected that Steve’s bashful nature would end up numbing Tony’s rectal regions along the way. That’s one hell of a thing to describe to Cho if this becomes a problem.
Tony sighs, shaking his head. “I get it, you're tired.” He gets off from his stool and walks to Peter’s side of the counter, places a firm hand on his son’s shoulder. “You just flew in from San Francisco, you have a wedding to think about, and you have your dad involving himself with his own tenant.“
Billy muses for a second, staring at his fuzzy reflection on the flatscreen TV in front of them. It’s the very same model Billy pointed out to Tony some weeks ago when they had gone to the mall together. Now, it’s in his room, and he wouldn’t be surprised if Tommy has a new flatscreen of his own.
The first thing Tony had done was tear down the walls that separated the kitchen, the dining area and the living area, leaving one narrow hallway to the bedrooms just beyond the front door.
“The Wrecking Crew. It was quick and easy. There was a plane waiting for you in case you and Happy needed to leave the city, but that didn't happen. I'm glad it didn't because I wanted to see you immediately after the debrief. Fury kept it short, thank God. And before we knew it, we were on our way home."
“Potato pancakes!” Peter squeals, raising both of his hands in excitement. The five-year-old vibrates in his seat as Steve places each ingredient on the kitchen counter.
On the counter, Tony is slicing a loaf of bread for sandwiches. He checks the fridge, saying, “do you mind only having Nutella on your bread, Noh-Varr?” He takes the chocolate spread out of one of the overhead cabinets and begins preparing the sandwiches.
“You used to do tap dancing?” Tommy asks from behind his gross shake. He takes one final sip before setting it further away from its usual spot beside his plate.
Tony spends a smaller chunk of his time making love with Steve on their couch, on their carpeted floors, on their bed.
“I’m joining in on the hypotheticals!” Steve grabs Tony’s hand and keeps it on his thigh for the rest of Tommy’s turn. “Uh...I’d fight Vision for you?”
It’s a bitter cycle, one he claws at the earth to not fall into. He digs his nails into the soil until his fingers bleed. But at least he’s up on the surface. At least he’s not suffocating underneath.
Tony takes Steve’s hand in his and places it close to his lips. “It’s your first time here too. We understand.”
Tony and Steve are now slicing vegetables for the turkey. Billy takes over Noh-Varr’s job, slicing cheeses and meat for the charcuterie.
He wakes up anyway. He has always been a light sleeper when he wants to be. There isn’t any sound, save for the heart monitor, but Tony is used to that constant beeping. In fact, he’d have a harder time sleeping if it wasn’t there altogether. But tonight, he wakes up to a quiet sniffle, and he immediately knows it’s not Peter.
Tony closes his eyes but cannot immediately fall asleep. He twists and turns and sits up then lies back down.
"I definitely thought about strangling Happy. I wouldn't actually, Pepper would kill me, but I thought about it."
Tony lets the night stretch on, allowing Steve to stay a little bit longer. They let JARVIS read Charlotte's Web aloud to them, starting where Tony had stopped reading to Peter earlier that day.
They reach the car in a little over fifteen minutes. Tommy offers to drive, but Tony declines, knowing that he only doesn’t want to take the backseat.
R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
There's a slight change in the heart monitor; it quickens, not by a lot. Barely noticeable if you aren't a supersoldier with enhanced everything, or a worried dad who has done nothing but listen to the beat of your son's heart the last few days. They look at the monitor at the same time, and they grip each other's hand, and wait with bated breath, when nothing happens. It goes back to the way it once was.
Steve hums. "I was a little worried how you got there, and a little worried about what JARVIS considered to be safe, because the top of the closet is a few feet away from the floor."
The tears threaten to fall again and Tommy lets out a shaky breath. He reins his emotions in just long enough to get the words out of his mouth. “I did something stupid,” he says in between sniffs. “I did something really stupid and I don’t want you to hate me.”
Sometimes, Steve doesn't find it fair, and with each different circumstance, he either finds himself relieved or afraid. Becoming a father is something he had thought he always wanted, had realized he was never going to get, and then, after Project Rebirth, had realized again that it might not be so impossible after all. Waking up from the ice for the first time—the only time, he reminds himself—he had been determined to give the world Captain America back. But then the world gave Captain America a husband, a family, friends, a son. It had only been after waking up the second time around, when the ice was but a Hydra chamber and Steve's mind being tampered with, that he tells himself: his husband, his friends, his family, and his son don't belong to Captain America. It’s Steve Rogers who belongs to them, and Steve has never felt so blessed.
He opens his mouth to say something, but without Tony’s presence, Billy just feels like an asshole trying to pry Steve’s life wide open. Steve had been eager enough to tell stories about his life all on his own, but none of what he had said had anything to do with Tony. If anything, Billy now knows more about that Bucky fellow than Steve’s relationship with Tony. He also couldn’t bring himself to ask about the relationship with his dad around. He knew Tony would shut that down without missing a beat.
Tommy feels the tension in his body worsen. He looks expectantly at Tony, who opens his mouth to say something, only for the doorbell to take over again. It rings a couple of times without stopping, no doubt somebody pressing the button over and over.
Tony laughs. “Well, I guess I have two boys who are responsible and cunning enough to conspire against me and Tommy now. Keep us in check.”
Noh-Varr sits straight. He hides his hands underneath the table. “Familiarity...with my ex-fiancee, Oubliette. I found it very difficult to leave her. She was the life I knew before I left Hala. Family disputes, you see? And she followed me to America without many protests.”
"You were worried." Tony tucks a stray hair behind Peter's ear. "You knew where we were, and you were worried we would be hurt."
The silence rings in the room as neither of them speak for a moment. Tony can almost imagine Wanda manifesting herself onto one of the empty chairs.
“Must’ve been wild,” Steve comments. Nothing in his face indicates that he’s expecting a present of his own. “New York is a riot during Christmas Eve.”
“I didn’t stay long enough to be any good. It was for free anyway and I really only joined out of impulse since I wasn’t so...
He opens the scrapbook and is met with his own brown eyes—much younger, much brighter. On his right lap is Billy and on his left is Tommy, smiling just as bright as Tony is. They look to be five in the photo, and they’re wearing t-shirts Tony had bought for them while visiting New York at the time. He recognizes the photo as the first one ever taken of them. Just the day before, Billy had first called him Dada, and Tommy, as always, had followed what his brother had done.
‘From Pietro and Uncle Clint,’ it reads. A tiny scrawl of ‘and Aunt Wanda’ is off to one corner of the card, with a small drawing of a smiley face with hair resembling Wanda’s. Tony takes the card and catches Pietro watching him. He finds a glint in Pietro’s eyes that he had seen in himself earlier that day when he had dared to look in the mirror for a few seconds. He looks away as quickly as he had dismissed his own reflection.
Tony scrolls through a list of gadgets and suits he needs to modify for the team. Peter’s suit is in bold letters with a lot of exclamation points. Tony settles to start with that.
“I already knew about you,” Steve says, bashful. “And I didn’t wanna scare Tony away because I was too insistent on meeting his son—”
“As I recall, sir, Young Master Stark’s privacy comes first. It’s my pleasure to have served that protocol for as long as I have,” comes JARVIS’ voice through the tiny speakers embedded on the side.
Tommy folds his legs back to his chest. He hugs his knees. His vision gets blurry. He barely registers what Tony is saying.
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
home?” Tony taps the steering wheel before taking Steve’s hand into his own, placing them both on the center console. Tony's hand feels cold, but it's sweating.
They each have a plate of three pieces of pancakes, two eggs—sunny-side up for everyone, except Teddy, who prefers his to be soft-boiled—and a few pieces of bacon. There’s already a steaming mug of black coffee for Tony, while Tommy has half a container of those protein shakes he always drinks but doesn’t seem to enjoy. Billy and Teddy, on the other hand, only have one tall glass of water for the both of them. Steve has a glass of water of his own and an empty mug—a generic white mug they own a ton of instead of Steve’s usual and personal blue one with a pattern of holographic stars. A full coffee pot, a pitcher of milk, and a pitcher of orange juice are on the table for his convenience.
“What we didn’t tell you, Pete, is that the next day, both your dad and I woke up at four in the morning. We didn’t really get a lot of sleep the night before either. I kept tossing and turning, and your dad kept mumbling to himself. So we both woke up, we looked at each other, we panicked. We just got out of bed and paced our bedroom trying to think of...well, of a plan, I suppose? I don’t exactly know what we were trying to do. But I checked on you to see if you were asleep, and you were, and when I came back into our bedroom, Tony had booked an entire indoor playground all to ourselves. He told me he didn’t know what came over him, and that he just blacked out and came back to his senses with a large bill and an email telling him everything had been set.
“It’s not about the ice,” he whispers, unsure if it’s meant only for himself, or for Tony to hear as well. “The ice isn’t…”
"Hi," Tony says as he opens and closes the door behind him. He presses his back onto it. "This is a first. Knocking."
“No,” Tony says. “Not boring. Clears my mind. Makes me feel...better.” Either it’s his lack of sleep or his age that’s bringing down his defenses. Maybe it’s both. Or maybe it’s just Steve. “You make me feel better.”
"All of Young Master's work deserves to be celebrated. Your fathers are very proud of you," comes JARVIS' cool, electronic voice. "It's a sentiment, I believe, that still rings true to this day."
But his right arm has been hurting again, and Steve is convinced that he can do a better job than Tony’s left hand with Tony's dental hygiene.
postgrad, and Tony had found himself more than once likening them to the family of vampires in that movie Billy had made him and Tommy watch. Steve and his friends had been intriguing, like watching a nature documentary. One wrong move and Tony might destroy the peace.
Steve gets in the bed first, having been clad in his pajamas already, then Tony. Steve hands him an extra blanket, thicker than the one over their feet.
Tommy gets up from the floor and approaches Tony, ready to take on whoever’s bothering him over the comms.
Tony shifts his weight, making it easier for Steve to lift Tony onto his lap. With Steve still seated on the edge of the bed, Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s shoulder and kisses him deeper. Steve slowly inches his hand down to Tony’s ass, tugging at the garters of his sweatpants and massaging the exposed skin.
Tommy walks to the center of the bedroom, not bothering to take a seat on the bed. He rubs his clammy hands together as he eyes Tony curiously.
Billy smiles, digging his elbow into Teddy’s rib to tickle him. “No, guess not.” He clears his throat. “I’m allowed to be protective too, right?”
“Dad.” It comes out as a cry, and he inhales a whine before hacking out his lungs with the consequent sobs. He doesn’t notice Tony’s arms around him until he barely hears himself mewling, the familiar scent of Tony’s detergent overwhelming his nostrils.
Steve squats on the floor with them and grabs the little blue car and a blue peg. Tony has a blue peg on his usual red car, while Tommy decides to change things up and grab a pink peg for his green car.
“Go out. Or, I don’t know. Throw a party? We used to throw a lot of parties. You can do that even without us around.”
So what if Tommy destroyed Noh-varr’s previous relationship? So what if, despite all of Kate’s warnings, despite all her advice and attempts at getting Tommy out of the hole he had dug himself in, Tommy had still managed a way to dig deeper?
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Peter laughs, a little hysterically and a little in disbelief. “You’re hearing yourself when you talk, right?”
“I do not have a bad back.” Tony crosses his arms. He takes the ladle away from Tommy before a drop of the mix falls on the floor. “And I fell.”
Steve nods, a knowing smile creeping up on his lips. “He introduced me to Pepper. Got me connected to some of their conservators. Said he’s helped engineer some of the equipment that they use, but all that came after.” He clears his throat and tugs on the collar of his shirt. “He showed me around the museum first. I like to think of it as our first date, but Tony begs to differ.”
Tommy prepares a glass of water for Noh-Varr. He sets it on the table in front of him after making a beeline for the coffee pot.
“Oh! I’ll be right back.” Mr. Calloway disappears into a hallway for a few minutes and comes back having produced a thin envelope. He hands the envelope to Tony. “It’s my pleasure. Having Captain America here, well… it’s a dream come true.”
After Steve places Peter on his car seat and gets in the passenger seat himself, he notices that Tony is rubbing his gloved hands together and blowing on them. “Cold?”
He's awake in bed with nothing else to do. It's not technically a new problem; Steve himself keeps odd hours at times. And while his insomnia had often been remedied with a trip to the gym, this time, he doesn't really want to leave their bedroom.
Tony is convinced Steve is convinced he still has to make amends for all the bullshit that happened in the past. Tony is convinced Steve doesn’t need to beat himself over it because he has forgiven him a long time ago.
Billy wraps an arm around Teddy’s belly, and rests his head on Teddy’s chest. Billy feels the steady rhythm of his heart. The
Tony reaches for Steve’s knee under the table and gives it a good squeeze. He points at Tommy with his free hand and says, “you’re on thin ice, young man.”
“You really think Vision is the type of guy to cheat on your mother with me? He’s not Victor, Tommy.” Tony covers his mouth with a slap. He shifts his legs underneath him to stand, but Steve holds him down, grasping his wrist. He faces Tommy. “That’s a hypothetical for you. Is that what you want?”
“I met up with him the next week. Told myself I should see if he has anything to offer sooner than later. My masters depended on it, after all.”
Tony looks up at Steve. He opens his mouth to repeat himself, but instead says, “is the red on my forehead gone?”
"You can put your clothes there, Pete," Steve calls out from the outside. "Should be a lot of room."
“What?” Tommy shakes his head. “No. No, Dad. It’s not about Steve. Steve’s...pretty great, actually. I’m glad you have him.”
Teddy types out the name on his laptop. A few Facebook profiles appear in a list, and Billy points to the guy his dad showed him earlier. Teddy clicks on the link and blows a low whistle. “I see where you got your type from.”
Tommy runs to his dad first, his chest hitting Tony’s side with a lot more force than Tony is expecting. They almost topple over, which would have been all the more unfortunate because of the knife Tony is holding, but thank God for small Christmas miracles. He berates Tommy, but returns the hug with just as much force.
Steve chuckles. “I’m glad you did. I don’t think I would’ve lasted long with that other table. They were talking about me as if I wasn’t there.”
He approaches Tony with his arms wide open, as if showing what a good job he’s done finding a shirt that actually fits him without his nipples up for display. He stops just in front of Tony and closes his arms around him for a hug. He places a kiss on the top of Tony’s head.
“The ice” is what Steve manages to say. He pauses for a long while, staring at the teabag bobbing up and down inside the cup as his hands shake. Tony waits patiently, doesn’t move from his previous position. “It took me away once, from people I care about. I thought it took me away again. Away from you.”
Tony takes this as a yes, and he heads over to Tommy and sits down beside him. They aren’t quite coming into contact with each other, but Tommy can feel the warmth of Tony’s skin barely reaching his own. He tilts his head towards it, a minute movement that would have been easily missable.
Steve continues. "The next day, we asked you about it. About JARVIS, and you told us that he's tied with Bruce at second place for your list of best friends. You apologized for talking to him. You told us that you've been talking to him for a long time, asking him to play you your favorite song while you slept, or reading you your favorite books when you couldn't. We told you you could ask us to do the same, that we'd read to you for as long as you needed. But of course, we couldn't just tell you what you needed to hear. We also wanted to show you the lengths we'd go for you.
"It wasn't really that big of a snake. It wasn't mutated, I mean. Just a normal snake. But, you know, big. What am I talking about, you ask? Just a big snake. And no, I'm not asking for any innuendoes from you, okay? Not with our baby still inside."
When Steve nods a kind nod, Peter forgets of the fires and flames. He vaguely remembers the taste of hot chocolate on his tongue, vaguely remembers his father putting him to sleep, vaguely remembers thinking he needs to call Wade in the morning to tell him that he loves him, the way he vaguely remembers the same three words escaping his dad’s lips after it comes out of Steve’s lips first.
“I knew shit about being a father, so Erik didn’t trust me. Since I didn’t have to leave and I still loved Victor then, we were officially together after Wanda died, and I knew Erik and Pietro hated me for that. But then I was actually doing a good job at being a dad, so I got Erik’s blessing. And I gained Pietro’s friendship. And I got...I got my sons. It was a mess.
Some Christmas this is turning out to be. He could go to the gym; let out some of the steam that’s been building up, but he eventually decides against it. He may have the energy to trash his room, but not enough to change his clothes and potentially see another human being.
Tony couldn’t help but think his twins would enjoy being around that crowd, but along with that had been the constant re-realization that he himself would be the odd one out in the scenario, so he had tucked the thought away and had enjoyed himself running around the apartment building with his bare feet, Nerf gun in hand, and firing shots at Clint’s big head.
Steve finds himself opening the door to their storage closet. Then he closes it again, unsure why he had opened it in the first place, but opens it again for good measure, inspecting the items inside.
Point is, the pregnancy had been unplanned. Now, they've done more planning in the last six months than their whole lives combined. That's a lot of plans considering their whole saving the world schtick every now and then.
So they do, at first a soft touch of lips, then to something sweet and chaste. It doesn't go beyond Steve sliding his tongue over Tony's lips. Tony smiles into it. Then they separate, and that's Tony's night made even better.
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
A few days of apartment searching later, they had found an unoccupied three-bedroom unit at the The Avengers Tower, one of the more expensive apartment buildings in Manhattan, but Tony had had more than enough money to spare.
“You realize this is bigger than our old beds,” Billy had told his dad while assembling the bed frames.
“Well, I’m not scared. And he’s going to have to do more than make me hate your exes if he’s trying to turn me against you. That’s doing the complete opposite.”
Tony pulls his lips into a straight line instead of upwards, a sorry excuse for a smile. He hides it away with a hand to his face, closing his eyes tight as he shakes the expression away. It’s hardly the first time Tony feels a little toyed with. That’s pretty much how his life has been. Rich parents but drunkard dad and neglectful mother turned comfortable lifestyle drowned in whiskey turned a good relationship masked in secrets turned awful revelation but with his beautiful sons at the end of it.
“What the fuck, who are you?” Tommy says. He puts one foot forward, waving his hands in front of him in a karate chopping motion.
Steve asks for the free stool beside their table. The lady just grunts and nods, not looking away from the conversation she’s having. Steve takes the stool and places it by Billy and Teddy’s table. “Hey, guys! Just wanted to go for a walk, but it’s colder than I anticipated.” He places his coffee on the table. “I hope I’m not intruding?”
my bio-dad, though. I’d look like him. And...gross. But that would mean Vision would have to date Dad. Which is...not exactly gross but it’s hard to imagine.”
Billy scoots further back until his head is on Teddy’s shoulders, Teddy wrapping his arms around Billy.
“I’m pretty sure a dude made of Vibranium or a young speedster can do a better job carrying me back to my room than an old dad who’s about to leave his estranged husband with his comatosed son.”
“Oh, they’re fake,” Tony says. He takes one of the tickets from Steve’s hand and inspects them himself. “Is it bad that I gave you fake tickets?”
“Grew up Catholic, but I don’t really do the religion thing anymore.” Steve slathers syrup on his pancakes. He spreads the syrup around with his fork, and it drips to the sides of the stack, all the way to his eggs and bacon. “But my Ma taught me to be thankful where it’s due, and I’m always thankful for the food on the table.”
”I mean, the Zumba Moms aren’t so bad.” Tommy walks ahead a few paces and faces Tony and Billy, then starts walking backwards as they catch up with him. “They give me tips. Like
"They're not gonna look like a sad clown. I hope. Not that I won't love them if they do end up looking like that. Or that you won't love them. But
Because really, if getting out of a six-year relationship hadn’t been enough of a reason to take his time, to find himself after moving to a different city, then maybe the fact that said relationship had been with an incomprehensibly evil and manipulative woman should have been what sealed that deal. The first trip to the hospital should have been enough of an eye-opener.
? You’re practically the same age, Steve. And you’re encouraging his behavior.” Tony yanks his hand out of Steve’s grip. He stomps his way to their bedroom. Steve follows suit, but not before muttering something to Tommy that Tony doesn’t quite catch. He slams the door behind him, and Steve opens it gently seconds after.
A small noise escapes Tony’s lips. He looks off to the side and blinks. A stray tear falls and he doesn’t wipe it away.
Tommy keeps quiet, but Tony understands him well enough. He gives Tony a kiss on the cheek and murmurs a quick ‘I love you’ then heads to his brother and gives him a longer kiss, locking Billy in place with arms around his shoulders.
Steve turns to wrap both arms around Tony. “Yeah, I should’ve known that. I’m sorry. I just really wanted to come home—”
"I have to go see Clint, hopefully by tomorrow. And Wanda," Tony says as he puts on a much larger shirt than the one he had on. Peter realizes it's his pops' shirt. "You think they're mad at me? Pietro has something for them. Vision too, something for Wanda."
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅ
“We going somewhere?” Billy asks beside him. He doesn’t bother looking at Tony, eyes glued to his phone as he types out a text.
"I don't think you noticed that was the first time you called us that. You had been too sleepy. And we went back to being
Steve fluffs the pillows on the bed. "I'm sure they'll wanna see you, Tony. Clint more than Wanda, probably."
“Just ten minutes,” Pepper says. Firmly. With her hands on her hips. “Just sit still for ten minutes.”
Billy plasters a hand over Teddy’s mouth. “Steve,” he says, a little too friendly, “hey! What brings you here?”
He sets Peter down and hands him the grater and peeled potato. For a few minutes, he guides Peter’s hands, carefully grating the potatoes into small shreds, with little success. Too much force and they might end up with a few bloody pieces of boxty and a crying child; not to mention his worried parents. So he settles for showing his kid the motion and the feel of shredding, telling him that one day he’ll be able to make boxty on his own. His eyes wander over to Tony, expecting him to be in knee-deep focus on the tablet. Instead, he finds his husband reclined on his chair, watching them with fond eyes. Steve smiles back at him, small and comfortable.
So breakfast isn’t as bad as Tony had been expecting. Verbal roughhousing is a pretty common occurrence in his home, and Tony’s a little more than relieved that they’re able to let Steve join in on the fun. The age thing does help the situation. There’s no pretense of authority from Steve, not that there would be any should his sons have been younger. To Steve, respect is something earned and that’s something Tony learned about Steve early on. And Steve doesn’t have to feel any sense of responsibility for his sons. Tony can’t think of a reality where he’d be able to convince his sons to think of someone only two years older than them as their stepdad. And that’s just as well, Tony thinks, because they’ve had enough experience with different step-somethings that could last them a lifetime.
Despite how much he appreciates the open space, and despite it having served him all these years, Tony still finds himself, only very rarely, wishing that he hadn’t torn down the walls in the first place. Usually during instances where Tony craves privacy. For example, if Tony was having a party and needs a bit of a breather from the guests, he can’t exactly hide in the kitchen, nor can he retreat to his bedroom without seeming like a bad host.
“Whatever you say, old man.” Steve inspects Tony’s forehead, then the back of his head. He feels around the hair, looking for bumps in the general area. Tony hisses when he hits the spot that dealt the most damage. “There’s no bump back here, but I don’t think I’ll be able to say the same for the front.”
“Do not go up there,” Tony screams from the other end of the hallway. “Peter, you’ll hurt yourself.”
to you for a while after that. So no, nothing was set in stone yet. But your room had been ready since a week before, and it was hard to let go after you let me shake Mr. Binky’s hand. So you stayed with us and you never left.
“Sure,” Billy says as he unlocks his phone. He presses on the screen a few times before holding the device up to Tony’s face. “Oh wait, that’s right. I already did text him almost ten times in the last five minutes. And he hasn’t responded.”
“This is no longer about Vision. You know this is no longer about Vision. You just want an excuse to bad mouth the people I’ve been with—”
“This is our second Christmas together,” Noh-varr says over the phone, his voice laced with sleep and irritation.
Like, say, going for a walk during a cold afternoon in one of the busiest places in New York during Christmas.
It feels different coming from their mouths. Like an acceptance of sorts. Not just of Steve, but of the life Tony so carefully hid from them; the shame and guilt he has associated with it slowly chipping away. He fights a smile, lifting his mug just beyond his lips when he knows he lost the fight, and a grin slowly spreads across his face.
Steve takes a peek at Peter through the rearview mirror and he finds himself agreeing. “Tomorrow,” he says to himself. “Tomorrow will be better.”
For a split-second, Tommy looks disappointed at Steve’s presence. Tony elbows him lightly on the ribs, and Tommy looks at Tony, confused.
Steve stands from his seat and reaches over to Tony. He pushes Tony back down and motions for Tommy to do the same. “It’s okay. I’m not offended.”
“Oh, right,” Steve says as he grabs something from behind him and hands it to Tony. “Merry Christmas.”
Steve places his sandwich down and wipes his hands on the thighs of his pants. He raises an eyebrow at Tony as he slowly opens it. He pulls out its contents and studies them one by one.
“What about you?” Steve says, eyeing the singular gift on Tony’s lap. He sets the blanket and the paintbrushes aside with the wrapping paper. “Is that a photo album?”
Sam silently laughs at the blush creeping up Steve's neck. “It’s your stepson,” he says, elbowing Steve in the ribs.
“I keep waiting for the other shoe to drop. For him to leave me, but it’s been a year, and he hasn’t left me yet. At least, I don’t think so. I keep calling him but he wouldn’t answer my calls. Maybe everything that I’ve said has been all for nothing. Maybe I did already fuck it up.”
. And he took care of me. God, did he take care of me. All the while, I kept thinking about what you’d say to me. What you’d tell me when you find out that I had been just like
Tony nods. “I’m so sorry, Steve. I don’t know what came over him. I told him that you didn’t want us looking at the attic.”
in tune with the heart monitor. “I guess… There's no lesson here, if I'm gonna be honest, except for maybe following the age restrictions in playgrounds. But um, having me and your dad dealing with my being stuck for a bit, it brought you close to your Uncle Bruce, who—and I remember very distinctly, you called him your second best friend, after Mr. Binky.
“—like, we can definitely do without knowing Maya and Sunset. I can’t even remember all those other guys you dated. Rumiko is fine, but that bitch dealt damage.”
“I know. But you’re doing this for a reason, and I get that,” Steve says. “I was the one who wanted you so bad, remember? You never failed to remind me what I would be getting myself into, and I only found myself wanting you even more. I'm here with you every step of the way, Tony.”
“The term Super Soldier...is not exactly correct, but it isn’t wrong either. The spider gave the Young Master spider-like abilities. His DNA has been mutated, but not in the same sense Doctor Banner or Captain Rogers’ DNA has been altered.”
Lying on the spare bed, clad in proper pajamas tonight instead of his usual tee and sweatpants, Tony keeps his eyes closed. He’s not asleep, not really. Sleep is proving difficult when Tony has been anticipating Steve’s return.
“Why did they put you in a box, Pop-pop?” Peter takes a hold of Steve’s face. His small hands imprint on Steve’s skin the feeling of an electric current, pinpricks, and static; it tickles, then goes numb.
Tony chuckles. “You wanna know a little secret? Tommy lets Billy buy a lot of his gifts for people. Tommy’s a little shit but Billy can be just as cunning. I think buying presents on Tommy’s behalf is something he enjoys. Like getting people gag gifts or something”
But nope. Not tonight. Tonight, it’s whiny Steve. And whiny Steve is clingy. Whiny Steve can activate his puppy dog eyes without missing a beat. Which he does. And Tony’s fucked.
“Okay,” Steve says to Peter. “But I have to hold your hands because we don’t wanna give you a booboo. Do we, Dad?”
Steve kisses the top of Tony's head and his lips linger. Then he smooths the hair all ruffled up, not from his own disturbance, but from the thirty-minute nap Tony had taken after arriving at the apartment. He had slipped out of his clothes, keeping his boxers on, and had slipped into one of Steve's shirts. It hangs loosely over his torso.
“You know? So your barrage of text messages at buttfuck in the morning wasn’t even warranted?” More scuffling. Tony can hear distant clucking and mooing.
“Sorry,” Tony says. He sounds like even more of a wreck than he looks. “Didn’t mean to do that.” He turns to Noh-Varr. “Stay. For Christmas.”
Steve inhales, deep through his nose, then releases the breath through his mouth. He ducks his head and grins, bashful. “When I first met your dad, I was doing my thesis on art conservation methods. One of my art teachers suggested that I conduct an interview with Tony.” Steve pauses. He fiddles with his thumbs in front of him as he lets out a low hum. “I have to be honest, Billy, I could
What had once been Steve’s daydream, a fantasy he had often found himself in as a much younger boy listening to his mother’s stories about a small Irish cottage in Monaghan, the small town where his mother and his father had grown up in and had met, is finally a reality; at least, for the next three days. The quaint home is a neatly packaged box of comfort filled with antique furniture and wooden surfaces. The interior blurs together and privacy is close to nonexistent. Outside is a field of emerald glistening with morning dew, and beyond the horizon, a cerulean sky peeking through the clouds. The flowers are in full bloom with their reds and oranges and yellows, and the birds are chirping, a loud and beautiful song Steve doesn’t always have the luxury of hearing. The smell of bacon and eggs engulfs his nostrils as a cool breeze passes through the window.
Tony’s quickening heartbeat finally eases up at the sound of Steve’s voice. He’s still captivated by Steve’s stories even though he’s heard them more than a few times already. The way Steve’s Adam's apple bobs up and down as he talks, the way his lips move as he speaks. The man can inspire if he so pleases, and he might as well lead a battalion to war with how his tales turn into speeches about bettering oneself and fighting the good fight.
“The flowers look nice. I should’ve brought you some, huh? And is that—is that your copy of Charlotte’s Web? I thought that was in the tow—ah, your dad must’ve had Happy pick that up. Or did he let Uncle Pietro—er...just Pietro. He hates being called Uncle. Has your dad been reading to you, Pete? I’m sure he has. Great minds think alike, I guess. But your dad's is better, I'm sure.”
“I did not stand a chance.” Steve chuckles despite himself. “Not after he tried to convince me he was just some divorcee and that I was barking up the wrong tree. Not even after he told me he had sons my age.” He chokes down on a bitter laugh. “I kept my distance at first. Out of respect for him and myself. But a little distance can only go so much. It’s not like he didn’t want anything to do with me. We were still friends after I finished my masters, after that first rejection.”
Steve lightly pinches Tony's nipple. At least he feels a sensation there. His nipples: great. Nothing to worry about in that area. "I'm just saying."
Everything else has him posed with five other people. The other tags link to a Bucky Barnes, a Sharon Carter, a Sam Wilson. Two remain untagged: a red-headed woman and a different blond guy that looks awfully familiar.
“And like I said, it’s not really a choice. We didn’t have a choice, not after meeting you. So it’s not unlike an unplanned pregnancy, and I thought I’d be more reluctant, you know? Because of what I said, not having my pa with me growing up, being a soldier—um,
“Hey, she’s my best friend, too!” Tommy approaches Billy and begins to mess his hair up. “And she’s my boss
“Nonsense! A cook without an apron is like a knight without armor. Right, Pete?” Tony holds his open palm out for Peter.
“I don’t know what that means, sweetheart.” Tony’s voice is gentle, calm, but anger flares up in the way he looks at Steve. Or is that resolution? It demands an answer, whichever way Steve tries to look at it. “Will you tell me what that means?”
Steve had managed to convince Tony to come over to his old apartment more often than not. Tony couldn’t have pinpointed what it was exactly that had led him to agree to such a routine though.
As Tony starts the ignition, Tommy leans through the space between the front seats. “So, he’s coming over for Christmas, isn’t he? This Steve guy.”
“Very small productions, though. Different from what I used to do there in New York. I mean, teaching is great and fun and I have decent pay but it's just not fulfilling," Tommy says at the same time Bucky folds one forearm over the other and swings it over his chest, miming carrying and cooing at a baby.
Tommy holds onto Tony’s wrist and looks at him in earnest, hoping that that one look would translate everything Tommy can’t say. “Dad, let him come up.”
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
“I just thought, with the birth certificates and this town being where your parents grew up... I thought you might wanna stay.”
Tommy only has Tony’s best interest at heart. Sure, it includes single mothers, which under different circumstances Tony might consider, but it also involves Tony
"No. Don't come near me." Tony curls up on his side and faces the wall, still with the blanket over his head. "I'm fine."
Tony rolls his eyes. “I can hardly breach our contract now, Pete. I’m dating their leader for Christ’s sake.”
"Ah," Steve says, the beginning of a laugh bubbling in his throat. "Well, I might've had something to do with it."
Steve is out of bed almost immediately, hands up in a fighting stance. "What's wrong?" He scans the room, but finds nothing out of place.
. I wanted to give you a hug and tell you your birthday is whenever you want it to be. We gave you the biggest slice of cake, and you ate it so fast your dad thought you were gonna choke. I did too, to be honest. I would drop your fork several times just so you’d have to stop eating and swallow the cake you still had in your mouth.”
“Oh yeah?” Tommy looks at Tony, smiling, and Tony responds in kind. “I don’t know Vision very well. He died when we were really young and dad didn’t meet him.”
. His eyebrows are raised in unease over droopy lids. When Tony doesn’t answer, only looks pointedly at Steve, Steve swallows. “Okay. I’ll go.”
“I’m gonna be frank, Pete. I was scared at first. Hydra, and aliens, and killer robots? Don’t hold a candle to being told I might be a father. I didn’t grow up with my pa, so I didn’t know what to do. And your Dad, well, he had his own issues. But that’s his story to tell. It’s kind of funny, actually. It took me a while, you know? To accept that fellas are also...that I’d also be attracted to them. But I got there, and I told myself when your dad and I got together,
Okay, maybe being toyed with is not always a point of contention between him and the universe. And this may very well be one of those moments where a turn for the worse won’t turn out to be the actual worst.
He lifts an arm over his head and tries to feel for the phone on the bed behind him, but his hand is shaking too much. He loses the power to hold onto anything as his fingers dance around his sheets, then his hand falls onto the floor inelegantly. “Dad.”
The first thing Tommy sees is a dishevelled head of white hair, like he had run a marathon across Manhattan, and the mist had frozen his locks in place. Then he finds the frown and the worry lines, the brows furrowed. He finds the green eyes, gaze soft, fond, familiar.
When Tony had first bought this particular condominium unit, he and the boys had just moved out of his Dad’s old mansion. Moving back to America had been their first step to starting a new life, and the mansion hadn’t been doing them any favors, what with being too big for just three people, two of which had been children. Endless hallways had led to more hallways, and finding each other had been a lot more work for the kids than Tony thought necessary. He had hated those hallways as a kid himself, always feeling lost, as if he had had to navigate through a labyrinth before he could find any sense of comfort from his own parents, if any at all. He had feared that his sons would feel the same, so they had made haste to move again after only two weeks of staying there.
“Lemme see?” Tony cranes his neck over Steve’s shoulder, then rests his chin on it. “Yeah. You were born here, sweetheart.”
"Nah. I don't really feel like it. Plus, I don't want the sheets to get dirty. I just changed them."
"Seriously, though,” Steve says, snapping him out of his thoughts. “How do you know about Thor's breath?"
Tony takes it and closes his eyes again. He finally drifts off with visions of stones, a broken hand, and dust in the wind.
Billy remembers being dismissed whenever had he talked about these doubts, his distrust regarding Tony’s partners. The feelings had been almost immediate after meeting them. They smiled wrong, they spoke wrong, they tilted their heads wrong. Billy had no proof that they were bad people; not at first. After all, he was just a kid. When brought up to an adult—hell, even to some of his friends—they only told him that that attitude was the product of a broken home. Not in those words exactly, but Billy understood their point well enough: he grew up with betrayal so he reaped betrayal wherever he thought he found them.
So, Steve does, and when Tony crawls toward Peter after Steve shuts the door, he thinks about being suspended in time, how he's moving but he feels stuck in place. He eventually reaches Peter, many heart monitor beeps later, and he cradles his son in his arms like always, desperate but full of love.
being a soldier, but doing what they do anyway, and then—” Steve clears his throat and shifts in bed. Tony wants to know if he’s inching closer to Peter, or squirming in place, but he doesn’t want to risk moving again. “What I’m trying to say, Pete, is that...I wouldn’t want my life turning out any other way. With you in it, you. My baby. I love you so much.”
Tony sits up slowly. He rubs his face, scratches at his scalp, and he stretches and yawns into a more comfortable position. “We had just gotten off the London Eye. We thought Peter would be more afraid of the height, but he couldn’t stop pointing at places we’ve already visited.”
“I’m okay, Bill. I know Central Park probably isn’t the best place for this. And we tried to wait for you at the tower, Tommy, then at a Starbucks. But I just…I needed to be out, you know?”
As they finish up, Tommy collects the empty plates to wash them. Steve offers to help, but both Tony and Tommy insist that Tommy can do it by himself.
“What, did I give you a heart attack or something?” Tommy goes around the bench and opens his arms for Tony.
Tony greets back, putting his weight on Steve for a moment and enjoying Steve’s warmth, while keeping an eye on the french toast he has on the pan. He asks Steve to go grab their gifts and place them under the Christmas tree, to which Steve obliges, but not before giving Tony a full, wet kiss on the lips. Steve has already brushed his teeth, and Tony can only really be amused.
“Hey.” Tony presses his side up against Steve. He holds up two aprons, a plain blue one in Steve’s size and another smaller apron, red and gold and fashioned after the Iron Man armor. “You okay?”
“I’m feeling a bit like a broken dam, Pete. I don’t always get to let this out. So would it be alright if I do now? I’m almost done, I promise. Just wake up if you want me to stop.”
“The point is we’re together, and we get to see this town together. It’s not up to you to know every little detail about it.”
Tony bites his lip. He wants to interject, to tell Steve that he has said too much. Peter knows all this already. It’s not exactly a secret Tony and Steve wanted to keep from him. The boy was seven when he lost his biological parents; he knows he lost them. But Steve is trying, and from the sound of it, he’s trying so hard. And to add to the spirit of things, if Steve and Tony and Peter and all the other Avengers were sat around the commons, listening to Steve’s story, Tony would—does want to—smooth Steve’s furrowed brow with his thumb, or he’d kiss the worry away. And Peter would stick his tongue out, feigning disgust in his innocent boyish ways, and everyone would laugh.
“I can’t handle any more attention on me, bud.” Tony looks away then moves to stand up. He can feel heat travelling to his neck. “You know I’ll love whatever you’re giving me. But I think I need to appreciate them alone, for now.” He pulls Tommy up, who had reached out a hand to Tony.
Despite the itch to want them around as much as possible, however, Tony has extended them the freedom of letting them do whatever they want, as long as they return home for Christmas as early as they can and stay as long as work lets them.
“Hey.” Tony takes a hold of Steve’s hand. “I wanted you, too. God knows I haven't stopped wanting you and I’m still slapping myself silly trying to believe this isn’t just a dream.”
"Don't tell Kate I said that though. I don't want her to fire me. Which she won't anyway, but we can never be too sure these days—"
"If I may interject, Captain Rogers." JARVIS is hesitant, almost questioning his own motivation to speak. "I am well-aware of my protocols, and the Young Master's privacy is of my utmost concern. But perhaps it's time to put in place new protocols. One that might create a reaction out of the Young Master."
Steve’s eyebrows shoot up to his hairline. He nods once, small and hardly there. He opens his mouth to say something, the same surprised look on his face, but nothing comes out. So he nods again, noticeable this time.
“Well, I am proud of you, Tommy.” Tony ruffles Tommy’s hair, then smooths them out when he feels greasy product stick to his palm. “With whatever you wanna do. But, are you happy with switching classes?”
The tears fall and Tony rolls his eyes, feeling ridiculous, not because he has resorted to crying, but because Steve’s effect on him hasn’t waned despite the tumultuous year they’ve had.
“Is that why he and Teddy went out yesterday? Aw, Tony, you should’ve told them it’s okay.” Steve only seems to redden some more. “I can’t imagine the crowds they must’ve had to deal with.”
He wonders how Natasha can speak Steve’s name so easily, while it lives and dies in the back of Tony’s throat, melting into a pile of acid and sliding down to his stomach.
“And you can’t do this with your grandfather around. You’re going to give him a heart attack. And you’re going to worry your uncle—”
It’s Steve’s voice that usually lulls Tony to sleep. That night—well, morning, but Tony isn’t complaining—isn’t any different. Tony blinks once, twice, and then closes his eyes altogether.
Tony notices that he’s been clutching Steve’s hand with whatever power he has left. He lets go when his breathing doesn’t feel too forced.
There are only three other kids in the playground. Peter runs towards the ladder leading up to the platforms on top of the slides and begins whatever quest he's on for the day.
mother and her two kids. I don’t remember what it was like to be a family with them, and for a moment, when you first told us, I thought you had taken all of that away from me. From us.
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝
"Won't be a problem, Commander Rogers," Tony says with a smirk. He embraces back, arms around Steve's waist. He places his nose on Steve's shoulder and breathes in his scent. "Won't be a problem at all."
"New? Didn't you hear about my standing ovation after I read One Fish, Two Fish to a room full of preschoolers. I'm an established teller of stories."
Bucky crosses the distance between the dining table and the refrigerator in three long strides. He opens the fridge, takes the carton of milk, and chugs all of its contents in one go. He burps. Pats his stomach. Burps again. “How was your nap, Prof?”
Peter opens his mouth to reply, but thinks the better of it and decides to let it go. Instead, he says, “You keep saying cult and I’m not sure what you mean.”
“Look, Pete,” Steve says. He waves the last photograph in front of the boy’s face. “It’s Pop-pop as a baby. With Nana and Dada."
However, it isn’t until Tommy had gone through a certain type of experience that he realized that maybe they had bonded a bit too much.
Steve places a small envelope by Peter’s feet, but not before staring at the boy, his head low and his back hunched, his lips in a constant frown. If Tony were to punch that frown off of his face, he reckons Steve would simply let him. But the frown wouldn’t change, and Tony has done far too much punching, punching the people he cares about, in the last week alone, more than he thought he would in his entire lifetime.
So Tony is asleep. He's asleep because he's growing a baby inside his belly while planning for said baby with charts and graphs and an honest-to-God Excel sheet while being a super genius at the same time. Which leaves Steve—has been leaving Steve—with a dilemma that hasn't stopped boggling his mind.
He wants that life for Peter, where his son can get to know people, get to know himself as himself. Not some guy in a skintight outfit, made and then unmade, and for a long time, unable to feel like he belonged anywhere.
“Listen, Noh-Varr. You don’t deserve a shovel talk. Not from me, at least. Billy might want a word with you.”
Steve smiles, strained. He refuses to meet Billy’s gaze and busies himself with the lid of his cup. He breathes in the aroma and blows the surface of the coffee to cool it down. “Tony told me you’re getting some extra shopping done?”
Peter shakes his fork in the air in lieu of adding to the conversation. His eyes dart around the room, a large open space where the kitchen and dining and living areas blend together unobstructed by solid walls. Nothing much has changed in his childhood home, it seems. Still the same finishes, the same furniture, the same pots and pans hanging over the counters. Peter would’ve thought that his dad is knee deep in renovation projects by now, but he’s both relieved and a little unnerved to be proven otherwise. Behind Tony, the first flight of stairs stands there, menacingly empty.
Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕
“That does sound familiar.” Billy finishes off his pancakes by wiping the last square across the syrup smeared all over his plate. “And Bucky’s doctor...?”
“Tommy asked me to throw a party because he thought I was lonely.” Tony lifts his head to look at Steve. “While I watched you prepare for a party. It was ridiculous. I felt ridiculous
“Yep. Can’t say for how long though because their temple is in the middle of the woods somewhere. And Steve doesn’t say much else about it except that it’s still under construction right now.”
When they had moved out of the apartment unit after college, with Billy moving in with Teddy to a new apartment and Tommy moving in with his then-girlfriend Lisa to hers, instead of converting one of their rooms to a mini-workshop like they had suggested, Tony bought two new queen-sized beds.
“For a while, yes.” Noh-Varr casts his eyes down. “It had taken me a long time to realize that her love had no longer been love. That it had been about taking control...over me. Just like my parents. And even then, I had tried to convince myself that nothing had changed between us.” Noh-Varr sighs. “Then, I met your son.”
E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
Hot breath tickles the nape of Tony’s neck. “I can’t figure out if he’s trying to scare you away or…or if he’s trying to turn you against me to scare
“After this, I'm going straight home. I promise.” Tony crosses his heart to prove his point but drops his hand when he realizes Tommy can't see the gesture anyway. “You boys don’t have to worry about your dad so much, you know? I’m taking care of myself alright.”
If his brother trying to be quiet isn’t enough of a cause for concern, being unsure of himself definitely does the trick. If Tommy had wanted to time alone with Tony, he could’ve just asked. He’s also the most stubborn man on the planet, so Billy had taken it upon himself to give them that space. Call it a twin thing; Billy personally prefers to call it a ‘having battled countless traumatic situations with his brother so he knows him like the back of his hand’ thing. But Billy digresses.
Tommy slams his phone screen down on the duvet. He stands up, balling his hands into fists. “No,” he says.
“Dad. Dad. I think you’re having a panic attack,” Tommy says, laying his hands on each side of Tony’s cheek. “Look at me. Follow the way I breathe.” Tommy breathes in through his nose, and out through his mouth. He counts in his head: four seconds in, seven seconds hold, and eight seconds out. And again, and again.
Despite the fuss and worry Tony has taken on for Peter’s care, he can’t deny that his son is also looking better. Only two days have passed since the incident at the airport, yet his vitals are as steady as they can be. Everything is within a healthy range. Neither internal nor external injuries seem to be affecting how his body heals, and it’s healing at a rather fast pace, his broken bones and muscle tears already seeing a significant change that shouldn’t have been there.
Not only does Tony insist on opening his presents in private, he insists on bringing Steve along and for Steve to open his own gifts with Tony. This Christmas is already turning out to be the odd one from all the other Holiday celebrations in his life, and Tony has had a lot of odd Christmases. He wouldn’t exactly call it the worst—hardly the first one with a panic attack the day before. But it’s definitely high up on some list somewhere. He just has to rack his brain for what kind of list to put it under.
H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆
“Yeah. It’s unprofessional, is what I’m getting at. I’ve lowered the price of rent but that’s it, promise.” Tony purses his lips together. “We’re making do with it, Pete. I swear we are. And it won’t be long now until their new temple is ready so you wouldn’t have to worry about your dad bunking in with his tenant.”
“No, it’s—” Steve sighs and places the certificates back inside the envelope. He takes out the photos next, all three of them, and inspects them closely.
Steve removes his hand on Tony, and Tony almost stops him, already missing the heat of Steve’s palm grounding him. “I’m not trying to encourage anything. But Tommy could just be—”
“So, Steve?” Billy asks in earnest, putting on a friendly face and an even friendlier tone. “You understand why we have to ask these things, right?”
A fast guitar riff. Loud. It echoes in the room. A raspy voice comes when Tony lifts his phone to his face to see who's calling.
Steve’s throat constricts. His knees are shaking, about to buckle under him, but he doesn’t fall. Not with Peter in his hands.
“Steve? Hey.” Somebody tries to take Peter from his arms, and he tightens his hold. “It’s okay—s’okay, it’s just me.” Tony places himself directly in Steve’s line of sight. “See? Just me. It’s just me.”
He eats leftover pancakes and gulps down three mugs of coffee—although the latter was completely against Steve’s wishes. Tony wins his boyfriend’s favor by shoving pancakes into his mouth.
Tommy reaches for Billy’s scarf and pulls it hard. “It’s the only class that needed another instructor.”
“Are you okay?” says a man in front of Peter. He has fair skin, blond hair, and bright blue eyes. The bluest eyes Peter has seen. “You look a little pale.”
“I—uh—” Steve tries, backing away from the man and sparing a glance at Tony, riled up with his balled fists and livid stare.
“I’ll be honest, Tony,” Steve had told him as the conversation had become more serious, “I’m not used to not having my friends around, but you already know that. I also don’t think you’d subject yourself to living with Sam and Bucky forever, of all people.”
“Yep,” Steve says. “I have the day committed to memory. Our first date,” Steve teases. “The beginning of the rest of my life.”
So he opens his mouth as Steve closes the distance between them, letting Steve in, letting Steve’s tongue explore him. Steve angles his body just right that he places both hands on Tony’s waist. He tugs at Tony, asking him to come closer.
When the silence lingers, Steve laughs. “Now’s the time you hide your red face behind your hands, and I’ll kiss you on the cheek, and your dad will kiss you on the cheek. And Uncle Clint will ruffle your hair and tell you something, something Aunt Nat can rebut.” Steve sighs.
Peter heads to the door that—yes, does indeed lead to the walk-in closet. It's large. Larger than the one his parents have in the tower. There's a bathroom on the other end. Fancier than the one in the tower. If Peter were any more materialistic than he actually is, he would genuinely consider moving permanently to Wakanda.
“I can see you kind of dating Vision before dating Steve, though. That’d mean you get to avoid dating everyone else—”
Billy squints his eyes at Steve, who doesn’t notice, then looks at Tommy, who squints back with a little nod.
"Me too. But that's why I started by saying it was a good day. Not because of the weather, or the easy mission, but because of you, Pete. You made it a great day, just by being you."
They sway a little as they embrace and Steve laughs into his hair as Tony tightens his hold on Steve’s midriff. They have a long day ahead of them.
didn’t exist. He’d ignore us for weeks. Then—then come back home with presents in tow. Said he loved me, that he loved us. He’d dangle his love over his own sons’ heads and I—”
Tony doesn’t miss the silver necklace Tommy’s wearing. It’s one he’s never seen before, and he wouldn’t be surprised if he finds no gift from Noh-Varr for Tommy under the tree that morning. He asks Tommy to help with the rest of the dishes, so Tommy gets to starting on the pie dough.
—tches the skin of the kind one, and watches as the kind father drowns himself in alcohol, his own vices, in other men, in other women, because he hates the man he has married and wishes different things for himself and wishes different thing̵̙͑̈͛̊͊͠͝ for the child and wishes the fire has consumed him instead he wishes to die, wishes to escape, but is tied to the world because of a child that is helpless and loved and weak and nurtured and frail and spoiled and lost and found and broken and pieced back together and shattered again and kept safe and stayed in danger and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying ǎ̸̡͖̐͗̔͋͝n̴̪͙̑́͗͜d screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughing and crying and screaming and singing and fighting and playing and smiling and frowning and flying and swimming and hurting and laughi̵̧̩͖̮̹͈̲̯̿̉͑̓̕͝n̶̢̧̪̩̺̥͙̪̍͊̍̔͋g and crying and running away into the arms of another he comes to know as Wade who he grows to hate then to like then to love who makes love to him who fucks him who kisses him who fights with him about the dumbest things who apologizes who sings to him who takes care of him who helps take care of his kind father who wants to kill his evil father but does not because wade is not evil and wade is not like his evil father wade is kind and wade is the one he wants to marry even after all the deat̴̛͓̣̑͒̓͆̏̿ḩ̶̧̙͉͔̤̻̭̊͒͊̕ ̷̨̪̜͚̘̭̗́̈̈̿̚̚and divorce and after the fights and he sees wade in the altar and he walks to the altar and he sees wade laughing and smiling and crying and dancing and eating  and he sees little children in their new home caught in a fire because of no one’s own fault it burns evERYONE AND PETER SCREAMS BUT NOT FOR HIMSELF HE SCREAMS FOR HIS HUSBAND AND HE SCREAMS FOR HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN HIS CHILDREN ARE DEAD THEYRE DEAD PETER AND IT’S ALL TOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT YOUR FAULT AND HESCREAMHES̶͉̑̉͂͋̎͑Ç̵̦̹͗͆̃̐͝R̷̯̳̺͚͔͙̈́̓̊͂͒̋͊͘EAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMSHESCREAMHESCRẸ̶̡̛͉̠̭̟͍̔͗͋̉̃̀̊̅̾͘͝͠A̷̢̬̟͕̱̖̯̮̣̪͖̝͑̓̈́̐́͑̈́̂͜ͅM̶̧̥͖̖̤͖̲̜͌̓̎̌̎̾̓͠SBECAUSEHECANDONOTHINGSFORTHEHOUSET̴̛̜̮͈̥̈́̾͋͆̉͑͆̄́͒̎̈̍͝H̸̢̛̠͉̲̦̼̫̳̳̜̮͈͓̏̄̾̽̍̈́̓͒̚͠Ë̸̠̟͙̭́̈́̈́̂̉̓̍̓̚ͅY̸̗̠̿͛́̅̕̚̚͠HAVEBUILTBECAUSEHESAFAILUREWHOHURTHISOWNFATHERANDHURTHISOWNCHILDRENANDHURTTHEPEOPLETHATHELOVESFROMNOTHINGASITCRASHESDOWNDEVOUREDBYSMOKEBUTHISCHILDRENDONOTENDINTHEARMSOFDIFFERENTPEOPLEBȨ̷̢̼͇͕̥͖͚̤͇̫͓̖͇̎͂̅̎̾̉̍̃̈́͘͠͝͠Ç̶͍͚̬̞͍̮̭̎̄A̶̙̺̟̅͛̐̐͊̈́͜Ụ̶̢͉̰̠̯͎̣̫̼͙̙̘̌͊͆̏͋̓̒͌͆̀̔̉̾S̵̰͂Ẽ̸̝̜̥̩̙̺̽͜H̶̨̟̻̤̣̱̺͋̇͑͑̊̀͜͝İ̷̳͎̝̼̗̗̮͖S̶̛͍̟̲̘͍̐̋̔͛͐̆̽̃̅͆̆̕̚̚Ç̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅR̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPE̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅA̸̛̹̫̥͚̫̱̥̭͑̍͊̾̒̾̋̎̔͜ͅR̶̢͉͈̩͚̲͎͔̬̗̬̳̼͒Ĕ̴̜̱̏͋̏͒͝D̴͕̪̟̟̘͙̘̝̤̩̭͉̫̿̂̊̏͛̊̚̚͝ͅHELPE̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝
. Baby, no, no, no. I don’t hate you. You can scream at me all you want and I will never, ever hate you.”
The second is an old wedding photo, black and white. An outtake. He remembers a similar photo from back home, of his ma in her wedding gown and his father in a suit, faces serious but eyes smiling. In this one though, his mother’s head is thrown back in laughter, and his father is looking at her so fondly. His mouth hangs half-open, perhaps the beginning of laughter. They have their arms wrapped around each other.
Steve laughs and pulls Tony's hand, the one holding his own, and places it on his cheek. "You have no idea how much I miss you saying my name. Doesn't sound the same in everyone else's mouth."
The monitor beeps and Tony starts to count again. He’s been counting a lot, even more than usual. He supposes it’s something his mind can do. A reassurance—perhaps, a warning?—that time is passing, that change is inevitable. But what can he do? He’s a futurist; change is something he should be clinging on to.
“Hm, I’m starting a career. If Mom doesn’t like this decision, she can haunt me in my sleep tonight.” Tommy picks up a career card. “Hah! Athlete and...a hundred-
Tony takes one step forward, then another, and another. He sits on the edge of Peter’s bed, the one opposite Steve, and Steve sits on the other side.
"The Young Master has always wanted you to be proud of him. So much so that he forgets simply having him as your son would have been enough."
“What are you doing to our dad?” Tommy asks again, still doing some ridiculous fighting stance. “Did you make him sleep on the floor?”
“Sorry about that, Steve.” Billy stands and hands Tommy the forks he had picked up. “What were you saying?”
Instead, he revels in Steve’s small kisses on his temple, his nose, the edge of his lips. He likes the feeling of Steve’s eyelashes fluttering on his cheek. He likes hearing Steve’s voice, still talking about his thoughts and questions on the nonsensical—most likely because of the late hour—and the mundane—most likely from Steve just needing to feel human, and trying to pass that humanity to Tony.
“This whole Christmas thing, it’s because he’s coming over, right? Grandpa just can’t not be here for nothing.”
First, and the least of his worries, is that Steve seems like the type of guy to have bought them gifts. The only decoration they ever bring out during Christmas is a small, plastic Christmas tree they’ve had since they were little. At the moment, it’s barren with gifts. But it’s also tradition that gifts aren’t brought out until Christmas morning. Blame Tommy for being an erratic child without any impulse control. While Tony spoils them to no end, he’s also adamant that they learn to take on their responsibilities seriously, and that includes not unwrapping presents before Christmas morning. So, Billy had reached the conclusion that Steve has presents hiding in the unit somewhere. And if Billy turns out to be wrong: no harm, no foul. He supposes it wouldn’t be unfair to anyone. Steve gets to enjoy more gifts than usual for him, and as much as Billy doesn’t want to cast any pity on him, the guy
“Oh, okay,” Clint says. And, much to Tony’s surprise, he feels somewhat relieved to hear that voice.
Steve tightens his grip around Peter’s body and continues to stomp towards… wherever it is they’re going.
Steve fiddles with his fingers as he answers. “It was fun. Hotter than New York. Oh, guess what, though. One of Kate’s friends that she introduced us to was the
He’s usually appalled by alarms, especially the loud ones that never seems to stop talking in their slightly electronic voice, informing Tony of the time, the temperature, the weather, and his schedule for the day. That alarm, he usually ignores.
Steve takes a second to consider, so Billy gives him a thumbs up and flicks his hand up and down even more frantically.
"We couldn't find you anywhere, Pete. And neither could Happy. He said he was fixing you lunch, and then suddenly, you were gone. And JARVIS had that whole privacy protocol for you, so as long as you weren't in any immediate danger, he wouldn't tell us where you were. He said you told him you didn’t want anyone to know where you were. At least we knew you were still inside the tower. And that you were safe." Steve squeezes both Tony and Peter's hands.
Noh-Varr bursts through the door, water in hand. “Holy shit,” he mutters. He stands there, staring at the scene before him.
Steve picks at the dried soil under his fingernails. “That I need a break. From being Captain America. Just be a husband and a dad for once.”
Tony had stood there, silent, searching for any indication whether he should or shouldn’t answer. There had been about a million different ways to interpret what Erik had just said, and Tony’s mind had been racing through all of them.
a futurist in his core. What it had taken long for Billy to see is that adapting doesn’t only come in his dad making something, it also comes in carving out facets of his life to make room for the people he loves.
The woman smiles. Then she turns into Peter’s mother. Which is odd and it makes Peter blink a few times.
Tommy looks at Tony, a little confused. Then he understands and grabs Tony’s hand, squeezing it intermittently, as if playing with Tony’s fingers.
To Tony’s surprise, Steve pulls him into a hug. The smell of Steve’s cologne overwhelms his nostrils, but it doesn’t stop him from inhaling deeper. Squeezing Tony as tight as he can without breaking his back, Steve lifts his husband from the ground, making Tony stand on his tiptoes and squeezes Steve just as hard. Perhaps that’s just as well; Tony can feel his knees wobble under him.
They opt for coffee, instead of tea, as per Tony’s request, and breakfast commences. The three of them moan in unison as they relish their food together; Peter asks for more, and Steve doesn't think he has ever seen his son eat that much. This recipe deserves a repeat. Perhaps the rest of the Avengers would enjoy a taste as well.
His mother laughs when Peter sneezes, and his father materializes beside his mother and they coo at Peter as he reaches up to touch their noses. And his mother laughs, and laughs and laughs. Until she isn’t laughing anymore. Until her exaggerated smile is forced upside down by the heat cooking her alive. She breathes her last as her red hair turns into fire, engulfing the rest of her in flames. She screams but she doesn’t scream for herself. She screams for her husband already dead from the smoke, she screams for her child still in her arms, she screams for the home they have built from not—
And as an added bonus, two of his other students, Nat and Clint, live in the very same apartment building. While they had kept themselves scarce for most of the
It is. It's almost two in the morning, but with Peter waking up at five in the afternoon, and the doctors and nurses and medical professionals finishing up their work by ten, and Peter and Tony having a good long talk for another hour, the party couldn't start until eleven in the evening. There had been pizza and fries and cake and Coke. Natasha, Rhodey, Vision and Pietro had all appeared together. A few SHIELD agents undergoing training at the facility, those who have become acquainted with Peter, had come by to say hi and to welcome Peter back.
Tony lists down two things he can smell: sweat and coffee; and then finally, one thing he can taste: more sweat.
That was until Steve had come along. Steve hadn’t asked to live with Tony, which hadn’t been all that surprising. People tend to keep their eagerness on the downlow at the beginning of relationships, and Steve hadn’t been any different.
Steve squeezes Tony's middle even tighter with the arm trapped under Tony and begins poking and prodding his ribs with his left hand. Tony squirms from under Steve's grip, laughing and wheezing with Steve's every stroke. He wants to fold his legs up his chest, but Steve holds them in their original position. Tony automatically begins curling over himself in laughter and his joints feel a release. His neck still hurts like a bitch, but it has reached its threshold. Tony isn’t even bothered anymore. All the while, Steve's dick is still firmly in place. If Tony wasn't held up and tickled against his will, he'd be congratulating Steve for an impressive job done by now.
Tony smiles coyly, and for a moment he feels like a young boy caught looking at his teenage crush. “Okay.”
, she warned me about him. She kept warning me about him, and that was when she admitted he tried that once before, for
So he settles beside Peter, gentle and slow, scooping up his son’s head in his arms as he whispers lullabies into his ear. He recalls what Steve saids, remembering everything word for word, and releases his grievances into Peter’s hair with a sniffle and a sob.
“I’m sorry, what?” Cho would say, metaphorical scissors ready to cut the thread where Tony’s dignity hangs.
Even with Steve moving in just a month prior from Christmas, Tony hasn’t felt the pressure of having to wake up before Steve, having to watch Steve’s every move, because Steve has proven time and time again that even as they lay in their bed at night, he’s the anchor that keeps Tony grounded, that keeps him safe and warm.
Rhodey sighs. He covers his face with a hand as he mutters something into his palm. Tony thinks he hears the word ‘stupid.’ “You both stay. I can walk back to my room myself. If not then I can...ask Vision or Pietro to help me. Or whatever.”
Tony jumps. He clutches onto his scarf as he lurches forward in shock. He stands and looks behind him as he places his hands on his hips and glares at Tommy.
There are dark circles around Tony’s eyes, puffy and red. Tony sniffs wetly as he waits for Tommy to say something.
"You'd color a lot in the day. I remember that. Whenever I painted, you'd take out your crayons and do art with me. With your dad, you'd take out your Legos and build something alongside him. But you didn't speak much, no matter how much we encouraged you. Even to Uncle Bruce, who you said was your second best friend. You'd always tell him you liked his white coat, even if he wasn't wearing any, then you'd leave it at that.
"You're still working? Dad, it's seven in the evening there. I thought you decided to take on fewer classes this year."
Noh-Varr pauses the video and shakes his head. “No need for such apologies, Tony. It is I who should be sorry for imposing myself.”
“No,” Steve says. He grips Tony’s fingers under his palm and lightly digs his nails into Tony’s skin. “I wanna go out. That's why we're here, right?"
been making work an excuse far too much,” Steve says, and it prompts Tony to sit up with Steve and press himself closer to his boyfriend.
"Explain." Behind Steve, Tony points at his belly. The painting of a snake with hands giving a smiling clown a blue ribbon that says 'TANGO' has faded in a few areas, but the colors are still clear enough for anyone to understand his masterpiece.
Steve feels relieved that the little cabin Tony has managed to rent is located on the outskirts of town. They have no neighbors, and the stretch of land that divides him from the rest of Monaghan, from the rest of the world, is something he’s thankful for. He takes in as much of the greenery as he can during the drive back, determined to store it into memory and paint it on his largest canvas once they’re back at the tower.
"It's not a problem, Tony. My brother would have showed you Steve's room himself, but he's a little preoccupied at the moment."
Billy nods but not before taking in the situation. He looks at Tony then looks at Steve. He shakes his head, pushing Tommy to the hallway and closing the door behind him with a soft click.
“I love you, Pete. Yours always, Pops.” Steve places the letter, folded and tucked neatly into an envelope, on the foot of Peter’s bed. He leaves without another word, without looking back, and Tony is free to let the sobs escape into the hand over his mouth.
It’s more cramped than usual, but Billy had gone out of the unit fully expecting that, so he’s not completely uncomfortable; merely inconvenienced, and that’s something he could live with during one of the busiest days of the year.
Peter wipes the sweat on his forehead with the same hand gripping his fork. “This is getting ridiculous,” he says, avoiding his dad’s gaze.
Tony sounds baffled, but his face is more of anger, of remorse. The thought of Lisa, the mere mention of her sends Tony’s blood boiling. “Why is she still—oh my God, Thomas, tell me you did
The both of them turn to Steve and offer him a Happy Holidays as well, at first with a timid clap on the shoulder from Teddy, but Billy spreads his arms for a hug. Steve hugs back with one arm, the other still very cautious of the bacon he’s frying.
peers with his sons. And it’s all a jumbled mess in his head. Too many variables, too many of them ever-changing. No equation to count on, no constant, no nothing.
Steve is standing by the bedside table, the one furthest from Tony, lifting the picture frame Tony had placed there earlier in the day.
“Unless you wanna do it during the summer? I would prefer not to but that’s one of the reasons why I printed out fake tickets, so that we can talk about it, you know—”
that has never failed to calm him down. He waits a few minutes for his breathing to match Teddy’s but it never does. He heaves a long sigh and sits back up.
Tommy could feel Noh-varr raising an eyebrow all the way from LA. “Can’t you do that with me around?”
On the painting, they’re sporting big smiles all around. Behind them, a tapestry of King Arthur is drawn with enough detail despite the small size of the canvas.
The bed dips, slightly jostling Steve. Tony yawns from beside him and lets out a moan as he stretches his body. "I dreamed that I was fighting a snake. Except I was in your suit. And the snake turned out to be a mime pretending to be a snake. Then it rained babies. What do you think that—what the fuck?!"
“He even told me to go back out there and start dating again. Which… weird. I've never heard him say that before.”
“Take as long as you need,” his dad had said and had always told him and his brother time and time again.
Victor, on the other hand, had been forbidden to see Tony for the day. What that was about, Tony didn’t know. Probably to clean himself off of any influence from Victor even for just a few hours. God knows they had all needed that back then.
“What about them?” His dad doesn’t look away from his phone as he continues to chew his pasta slowly. He snickers after a loud noise erupts from his phone’s speakers, but Peter can’t make out what it is Tony is watching on his device.
“New owners, huh?” Tony brings the bouquet closer to his face, hiding his smile behind the flowers. “With Pepper running the company. Then there’s our new home… We’re finally doing it, huh?”
Tony would cuddle closer to Steve if that were even physically possible. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to make you feel unwelcome.”
“No,” Tony says immediately. “I mean, planning for a trip like this takes time. And I’m gonna have to arrange something with NYU so that my classes don’t suffer from me being gone for a bit. I was thinking we could do it in the summer, but I don’t want us to deal with heat waves—”
“They're just copies. I thought it would be nice if you had both your mom and dad’s birth certificates. A piece of the past… I don’t know. Maybe it’ll help you connect your life before to your life now.”
Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘
They hadn't even been father material by then, not to Tony's standards at least. A day is hardly enough time to get to know a kid of Peter's age. But Tony supposes the miracle of parenthood knows no bounds, and adoptive parents are entitled to an immediate link with their children as much as a naked mother is, skin to skin with her newborn baby.
"I hope you know you've reset our entire relationship back to square one. Reset, I tell you. That’s seven years in the trash."
“Did you make my dad sleep on the floor, Steve?” Tommy points a ladle at Steve. Light trails of pancake mix slowly drip down. “You know he has a bad back.”
“I could’ve. But you got some sleep.” Tony makes a turn as the GPS instructs. Their destination is finally set back to their cabin. “What are you thinking?”
Tony’s phone rings as he buttons up his shirt. He grabs the device from their bed and answers it, tucking it between his shoulder and his ear. “Tie or no tie?” Tony says, finishing up his buttons and eyeing the ties he had lain out on his dresser.
"We were both up at the same time way too early. I fixed him a bowl of cereal and got too close when I handed him his bowl."
Tommy gasps, frenetic as he pats himself down in search of his phone. “That’s mine. Sorry,” he says as he reaches into the pockets of his pants and finds the device buzzing twice in a single beat. He takes it out only to silence the call. “What were you saying?”
It hadn’t been a lie when he told Tony, when he tells himself, that the cold, the frost on his skin doesn’t bother him. The ice that had bitten him, crisp and freezing, it’s merely a distant memory and nothing more. It’s barely a memory at all.
Tony wraps Steve in an embrace, placing Steve’s head on his chest, and kisses the crown of his head. A few drops of tea spill on the furry carpet and Steve’s knee, but he doesn’t mind the burn.
“Not in detail,” Billy says. “I am genuinely curious. I know my brother and I are...we pry. But you said you understood why we do what we do.”
Tommy stretches out his legs in front of him and Tony does the same. Tommy scoots closer to Tony and rests his head on Tony’s shoulders. “I always miss Mom. I miss Vision, too. But that’s not why I acted up.”
He shuts the notebook, sniffles and coughs before he’s enveloped by Steve’s hulking figure. He shudders under Steve’s embrace and lets himself rest there for a few minutes before finally pulling away.
D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠R̷̯̹̙̣̦̯̙̾̿͋̈́̈́͐̈́͘E̴͉̞̭̣̟̟̙̺͈̳̯͆̔̇̉̎̑͒͋̌̂̇̏͝Ń̸́̔͂̈́̾̔͌̓̕͘͝͝ͅÇ̷̟͓͙̯͉̮͉͍̣͑̂͌͝H̶͔̞̱̹̦̫̝̻͖̥̼̲͍̮͚̆Ḭ̴̧̝͖̲̮̅͋͋͊̕Ḻ̷̡̟̜̣̳͚̞̺̫̳̤̖̜̆̍͛̐͊̃̎̉̔̏͆̕͘̚͜D̵̬̰̠͗̐̐̉͌̋͗̌͌̾̎̎͗͠
"I know it's a little unprofessional. I'm technically his landlord, and he's still technically paying me so his cult can live here. I mean, we’re sharing a room now for God’s sake,” Tony says, the last part more for himself than for Peter, but he doesn’t bother lowering his voice anyway. “Just me and Steve, not the entire cult,” he adds.
On the other side of the argument, Billy is most definitely not going to be Steve’s son in any sense of the word. And that train of thought is something he’s never entertaining again.
Billy pulls an ‘are you kidding me’ face and then remembers that Tommy can be a pain when shopping with, since he’s simultaneously very specific with what he wants to buy without actually knowing what it is. Tommy knows he wants Steve’s gift to be either small or light, something to do with what had happened today, something Steve will look and cringe at forever; still something useful, but nothing that would insinuate that he and Tommy are friends. Because they
. I knew soldiers who got letters that told them their wives and girlfriends were pregnant, and they’d worry, and they’d send back as many letters as they could, to ask about their sons and daughters, if they’d come to this world yet. Your dad and I aren’t soldiers—that’s what he tells me, anyway—and I want to believe him, so that’s what I’m telling you now. Your dad and I aren’t soldiers, but I breathed a little easier knowing I didn’t have to go through what those soldiers went through.
A few raised eyebrows land on them, a bunch of sitting ducks in the middle of a rather busy walkway.
“I deserve all the blame, Tony.” Steve clutches at the frame, placing it close to his heart. “I dealt the blow that put Peter here.”
Tony lets out a low groan into Steve’s mouth. Blood rushes to his cock, and had it been any other day, he would have spread himself wide open for Steve then and there. But today is a rather sensitive day, so he keeps it as under wraps as he can manage, barely moving to keep his length from rubbing through the fabric of his pants and onto Steve’s six-pack.
He’s happy. And Noh has been so good to him, has been nothing like what they said he would be. That should be enough of a reason for a little indulgence, a little selfishness, right?
“But, the truth is, Pete...” Tony smiles, small and fond. He looks off to the side. “I think I’ve fallen in love again.”
“Please, Mr. Stark,” comes the voice over the intercom, the thick Halan accent making it through, and it makes Tommy’s heart skip a beat. “I just want to drop off some gifts. I can’t contact him. My phone died and—”
