"I know sir. I'll be careful."
They both knew that the Empty existed and that perished angels and demons went there, once they died, and they didn’t need some old pompous bastard telling them about the empirics of the process. What they needed was a starter, some spell that could lead them in there, a key of sorts. Anything would have been better than reading whether or not they were a material place or purely spiritual, inaccessible in both instances.
He could rectify now, even though his current actions would have brought even more pain than the previous outcome. He nodded along Dean’s words, trying to find his own. “It was at that moment that I knew what the Empty meant. What they wanted. Which was why I…”
Five drinks were all it took for Castiel to start rambling.
John Winchester could smell bullshit from a mile away and Dean had to be careful, more than usual.
He had always tried to keep his instincts at bay, knowing that nothing he did was ever right even when he thought plans out to perfection, and so he tried to ignore the urge that made him reckless as much as he could. Granted, he always would rather shoot first and ask questions later, but years of dealing with unkillable creatures taught him patience.
Dean wasn’t
“Why are you suddenly afraid?”
Dean was starting to fade away before he had even managed to catch Sam’s attention, yet all he could think about was: “
Yet, he had sounded so earnest, so
John Winchester never hit him, but he certainly knew how to hurt him.
“I am not certain I follow your thoughts, Dean’ he admitted after a while, unable to understand the meaning behind the hunter’s words.
But, even if this wasn’t his usual gig and even if his companion wasn’t a freaking Angel, he’d still be nervous. Which was a great thing: fear kept you alive, activated the fight or flight mode, and made sure that one checked three times all the possible exists and how much ammunition he had on oneself.  Without it, he’d probably had died way too many times before.
He was locked in so tight inside of his mind, that he didn’t even realise the approaching footsteps were getting closer and closer rapidly, until they faltered and stopped altogether. He couldn’t hear anything outside of the ringing in his ears, couldn’t retain a single sound that wasn’t the faint and livid voice of burning shame inside of his head.
“I just led us into another trap,” he continued and Castiel couldn’t stomach the distance between them anymore. His hands yearned to touch the soft fabric of his jacket, to smooth over the wrinkles on his forehead and to take the worry away from his features. “Why do I keep on falling for those stupid sons of bitches’ traps?” he lamented, kicking the chair away in a violent motion, undoubtedly trying to disperse the anger that always permeated his bones due to the way he was raised.
He moved his head to better see the man wrapped so tightly around his middle. The dim light from the outside of the room did not do him justice. His hair had been roughed, messed up by Castiel’s own fingers, and so he moved them without even realizing the action, fixing them with gentleness. His mouth was stretched in a tiny content smile, lips reddened, his nose scrunched up in an imperceptible way as it nuzzled against Castiel’s neck. His eyes, so green and so profound, were closed as his breathing evened out.
"I saw it and thought of you.”
Part of him wanted to collapse on top of Castiel, burying his head in the lapels of his jacket and remaining there until the sun stopped shining, letting all his emotions out, all of the fear and happiness and rage and hurt and despair and love and pain, hiding there as the weight of his entire life finally crashed down onto him. He was thankful for his seated position; he would have definitely fallen otherwise, as relief permeated every corner of his being. He wanted to yell out in happiness, for his love was back and they were finally free and suddenly the world didn’t seem such a terrible and dark and twisted place.
poster. He then turned to his companion with a very shocked expression, unable to fully get the concept. "Wait, what? Like at all?"
Dean had been so certain that his feelings were obvious, especially in those instances where he quite literally couldn’t even walk straight, always bumping into walls and doors and furniture, going around with his love written all over his face with a bold red sharpie, yet the angel had never commented on any of it, simply stared back, not daring to break eye contact unless they were being interrupted.
He absolutely couldn’t wait to tell Castiel.
So far, his gut had rarely betrayed him, and he had no intention of starting to doubt it now.
“I wasn’t aware we were doing the 20 game,” he replied instantaneously, unable to let the snarky remark go unsaid, which earned him a little shove from the former angel, his head still rested over Dean’s shoulder, over the imprint of his own hand. Now that that dam had opened, he wasn’t able to hold himself back any longer: he removed one of his hands from Castiel’s vice, immediately lamenting the lack of warmth and pressure, but ignoring his momentary discomfort in favour of movement; he draped his arm over Cas’ shoulders, inviting him to lean further in. When the former angel settled in between his arms, something that Dean had dreamed of for over a decade, he sighed his content, leaning once again against the wall.
He kept it in one of the pockets of his trench-coat, a constant pressure over his heart. He would pick it out from time to time, when he was alone, without the risk of anyone discovering his secret. He would twist it in between his fingers, imagining a world where he might be able to fulfil his own wishes and dreams. He would examine the delicate and simple manufacture, marvelling at the quiet beauty of it, on the days he wished he hadn’t taken the deal, only to be reminded of what he had gained over the loss. After all, he still lived in the bunker, still slept each night in the arms of his beloved, he was still loved and loved back.
Why? ‘Cause your brother cuffs his jeans under his Doc Martens, you can’t go bi-er than that!
and then proceed to badly mouth along with the lyrics, butchering it with his raspy voice and making Dean’s heart swell and grow a tenfold.
And then, that motherfucker just walked right in, breaking the door up of course. Super casually, with his funky accountant trench coat and his tie all wobbly. Me and Dean blew our barrels out at him, but he just kept on walking, without a single care in the Universe.
The answer came fucking easily: he had left his little brother alone with their father, in the tiny dirty cramped motel room that smelled like cheap burnt coffee and piss, while both of them fought with all their might against each other. He had left his brother alone. He had left his brother with his father, without anyone standing in the middle of their fights as a buffer.
It took Castiel all of his strength to push his beloved aside, to untangle himself from their mess of limbs enough to grab his shoulder, leaving behind a bloody handprint that mirrored the scar he had left on that same shoulder over a decade prior, when he saved the Righteous Man under Heaven’s orders, shoving Dean away and bringing him out of harm’s way. He felt, powerless, as the Empty claimed him, dragging Billie as well into their realm, but his eyes could not tear from the slumped form of his beloved, on his bewildered gaze, on the fear and pain and love written all over his face, all over his soul.
He had once told Castiel that he didn’t know what was real and what wasn’t.
And it was so fun, seeing Dean flustered and stumbling around the angel ‘cause he didn’t know how to behave with his crush.
It was bugging him incredibly, the lack of stability of this thing: behaved like a ghost and a human, without showing signs of possession. The audacity this creature had! One thing is a ghost on a killing spree for the sole purpose of killing, but even those had a pattern, a modus operandi, a weapon of choice or even some telltales signs.
And how could've he asked Sam for help, when his little brother was off, happy and free to do whatever he wanted without having to save the world or without Dean dragging him down?
"Don’t act like you don’t like it! But, c’mon. You went to the bookstore and got me nothing!?”
It was paradise.
Really, if any of you have stood in between my brother and my now brother in law's powerful eye-fucking sessions, you are entitled to financial compensation from both grooms. Trust me, I know what I’m talking about, and Charlie probably has already estimated how much money they owe us. And I also know ‘cause I was prelaw, before Dad decided to kindly fuck off and led us into a goose chase that ended in shit.
“Why?”
Instead, he did the best next thing, conscious that the path that laid in front of him wasn’t the one he truly desired, no matter what his mind told him. He violently took his hands out of the pockets, cracking the knuckles as he turned around without a word, beginning to gather all the unused ingredients into their respective jars and containers, ready to be stored once again.
his mind responded, speaking gently, so at odds with his previous thoughts. It almost felt as there were two different voices, each expressing two different and conflicting opinions. Sometimes his conscience would do that, split into two and talk reality and sense into him, but in the end the harsher one always won. After all, nothing in his life had ever contradicted the nasty little voice.
Unfortunately for the newcomer, neither was willing to stop in their paths, partially shielded from view by the Impala herself.
He had always felt seen and understood, and now he was going to burn for it.
Well. Okay. Oh, man. I still can’t believe it. Dean got hitched to Cas! I never thought I’d see that day.
and leave everything he knew behind, but he never did anyway.
Now look at him! With tiny little murder in his eyes! I used to cut the crust out of your sandwiches and to make you soup whenever you felt sick, I’m allowed to call you out on your bullshit.
And Dean just had to remove himself from their embrace, arms still intertwined with Castiel’s, as he carefully looked at his face in disbelief.
"Okay, then it's settled! My treat, hot wings" replied Dean with a smile, suddenly happy and excited about it all over again. That until Cas asked one simple question: "Isn't it male human custom to pay for their romantic counterparts?"
Besides, he needed them to remind himself of his faults. He had managed to destroy the only good thing that had ever happened to him, to crush his only chance at true peace. Not only did he drive Cas away with his bullshit over and over again, always fearing he’d never come back and always surprised when he did, but now Cas was dead because of him, because he hadn’t stabbed that son of a bitch and because he hadn’t been brave enough to let Michael in all those damned years back.
Here? Nothing. More than the murders, that was what truly disturbed him.
Hell, his lock screen was a picture of Castiel wearing the blue apron that they had gotten at a thrift shop a couple of months prior and that read ‘
But then, Cas wouldn’t always reply to Dean’s taunting, or they’d fight big time, or they wouldn’t act like the old married couple they have always been, and it drove me crazy! I was starting to wonder whether they were actually that dumb or secretly together hiding, or whether I was imagining it all.
Fuck. Fine, this speech is shorter than intended but it’s over, if anyone has anything to say to the newlyweds, mic’s here!
He moved back to his seat, pulling out a chair for Jack to sit on whenever he was done playing on the floor with Miracle, his back already lamenting after hours hunched over old tomes. At the rate he was going, Dean thought with a hint of surprise, he was going to need glasses pretty soon, since he couldn’t exactly squint every morning at their cereal boxes to see whether or not they had expired yet.
, and the next he was alone, in some woods he had no recognition of.
' That was what a school counsellor had told him after he had calmed down. His father had called him as he walked to his next class, for once looking forward to the lecture. They were doing a project on Oscar Wilde and he had it already in the bag: between "
And, of course, nobody did, none the wiser: years of learning how to mask his emotions and actions to other’s comfort paid off flawlessly.
The Hunter laughed at that: “Why do I feel like there’s more?” he asked, bringing his own arms to encircle Castiel’s neck.
? Drama queens, that’s who.
Castiel disappeared wordlessly once more, leaving him to wonder and ponder at the unorthodox situation once more.
A puzzled look appeared on his face, wrinkles forming on his brow. "Assuming the host has not been murdered by the possession. Which is the most likely situation."
Oh, just how much had he missed that voice! Hearing the alternate Bobby speak just wasn’t the same thing.
It was a mother, lovingly tending to a child’s wishes and whims at early age. It was a spouse, coming home from a long day, finding their lover waiting for him. It was a friend supporting another.
“I’m perfectly fine” he claimed, assuming a defensive stance and crossing his arms. But despite how much he tried to maintain composure, his body betrayed him: he was slightly shaking, right leg bouncing and eyes unfocused. Mastering all the kindness he could, Castiel softly spoke to him, while maintaining an authoritative tone: “No, you are not. Your vitals suggest you need to sleep in order to properly function.”
Aretha?” Dean asked, unable to process the new information. There was always one Aretha, that Rufus never managed to shut up about whenever he got enough booze down his system, and the thought of her with him was simultaneously upsetting and uplifting.
Now, when he was at home, in the bunker, or when he was on Earth, off from his Heavenly duties, he wore human clothes that he liked and had bought himself, or that he had simply raided from Dean’s thinning closet, adding himself to the list of people that stole tees and flannels and sweatshirts from him.
He hadn’t felt that way in a while, not since he rescued Jack from Heaven and from the Empty. He had been elated, having his son back alive without complications. He had felt on the top of the world.
He always thought that he deserved that final pain, the last reminder that he was going away too soon, with too much work still to do. But there was none of that now. He was still a mess, but at least he wasn’t in pain, just like he hoped to.
“Well, in that case…” Castiel leaned down, taking hold of their kiss once again as Dean wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him down flush against his body in a practised move.
He chose to keep wake, in the human sense, guiding Dean’s thoughts and dreams toward less exhausting places than they currently were, if not because of their current mission, because the hunter deserved a ‘
“Look, they just wanted to have their quiet place back. Can’t really blame them, considering I’ve had to keep up with your snoring my entire life. So, they just chucked all of the angels and demons that were bothering them out of the Empty, back in this dimension.”
All the magic in the world wouldn’t have sufficed in mending his broken heart.
over the phone. It all made Dean amp up on the sappiness and lovey-dovey stuff in front of her.
Dean took in the moment of distraction to check on the other sleeping form now sprawled out on the backseat, noticing how Jack had now turned on his stomach with his leg up in the air, against the door frame at a rather odd angle that could have been comfortable only for him.
And he would, most definitely, after their ordeal with his forsaken Father was complete. But all he could do now, was to hold his hunter as tightly as he could, trying to convey his love through the gesture.
He logically knew it was all bound to happen at some point, and again, and again, until the End of the World. He had lost count of how many people he knew and cared for had passed away, of how many funerals he had attended during the years, of how many bottles he had seen the end of, chasing numbness.
What if he didn’t want to see him? What if he hated him? What if his confession didn’t match Dean’s feelings?
He was now really uncomfortable. He faced the wheel once more, it was his turn to look sheepishly at his hands. His mind followed two different paths,
“Wait and see, Dean Winchester” Castiel claimed, finishing his glass and leaning conspiratorially forward in order to whisper straight into Dean’s face: “In four years a cockroach will be the last surviving being on the planet,” he said in all seriousness, with an expression that gave him the creeps. He shivered at that and leaned backwards slowly, because of said creeps and not because the sudden closeness of the Angel’s pretty eyes was making him think about kissing said Angel’s pretty face without caring that they were in a public place.
"I am incapable of understanding you." Again, that stupid head tilt that most definitely was the cutest thing in the Universe.
That was his life purpose back then, and it was still his mission now.
They had both wasted too much time hiding and had finally taken their heads out of the respective asses, vowing to ‘
I have my favourite old man, right over here! And, for those of you wondering, yes, I'm being nice only ‘cause he just got hitched, I don’t know what you are talking about. This man is a nerd, of massive proportions! He’s so amazing, he sucks. See what I did there.
How could anyone who had met both the Nephilim and the angel not see their resemblance was amusing. Jack really was his son, after all.
No, Dean was alone and powerless and terrified, trapped in a prison of his own making.
“I would gladly ask you to stop using that futile weapon against me," said the man in the possibly deepest voice ever. The other three bullets flew out of his gun before he could even think about shooting, thanks to his
Behind the wheel once more and very much more comfortable around the angel, Dean finally managed to relax a little. He had even popped on a Metallica cassette, that was now screaming its tunes as they drove throughout the town.
The angel looked at him as if he had spontaneously sprung a second had out of his shoulder. "I do not understand if you are using sarcasm or if you are indeed serious."
Anyway, I started calling Cas Dad sooner than I did Dean. I don’t know why, probably ‘cause he was always there and I knew he was my father even before I was born. But, when I called him Dad for the first time, things got a little bit different.
Jack’s face crumpled at the mention of his other father. “But how?” he asked, voice wavering as he halted his hand from petting Miracle, “Castiel, I am not capable of…”
That was, after all, the way he did fall asleep almost every night, safe in the arms of his angel and holding on for dear life.
It wasn’t the first time he walked away from their fights, and it wouldn’t be the last, but he needed to breathe and he couldn’t do it in the cramped room that made his head explode. And so he drove off into the night, the roads empty and without direction or destination.
During the years, he had managed to recognise the different reactions his body had for each situation, sometimes ignoring them in favour of following his head and lead, or the orders that he had been given. He knew that his gut clenched whenever he seemed lost, void of solutions on how to get out of a hunt or a trap or a tiny motel room without making the old door creak and alerting the other people inside, and he knew that his heart raced, whenever he figured out that, in order to save himself, he’d have to do something stupid and dangerous and that could probably kill him, if the monsters didn’t beat him to that.
And Dean couldn’t bring himself to care, not when his husband was laughing beautifully, on top of him, shirtless and with his face smooched down on Dean’s neck, slightly tickling him with the way his hair was brushing against his stubble. Cas was definitely due a haircut, but he knew that the moment he brought up the topic, he would be met with at least three other hands ready to take the scissors away from him and he would have to defeat each person in a mortal hand to hand combat, while Eileen did all the grooming and probably recorded the entire ordeal for posterity.
He had somehow become an Old Man, just like Bobby, who had been more of a father to him than his own had ever even attempted to. And, as such, even after defeating monsters left and right and winning in a literal fistfight against God himself, he was still too scared to put plastic-y things he didn’t trust in his eyes, so he was stuck with the glasses that he kept around his neck with a lanyard, especially because both his kids and his brother appeared to have a moral crusade against them.
And Dean didn’t find it in himself to get even slightly affronted at her actions, so happy with the fact that she was comfortable enough around him to be carefree like that. It had taken them a long time to get where they were, and Dean wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.
He was not truly satisfied with the direction their conversation had taken, but decided to remain silent as the hunter also did not make an effort to speak.
Sam was obnoxious, never knowing when to shut up and let Dean drive with his music and his thoughts swarming his head. And Sam always complained about his music choices, the way he turned right, the speed limit. He always got juice instead of beer whenever they stopped somewhere and he would force Dean to make a million bathroom stops instead of holding it in like a grown-up.
. “When I experienced a moment of true happiness, the Empty would be summoned and it would take me forever.”
Talk about a mother-son duo. Anyway, if you do have a problem with that you can get the fuck out of here.
“It’s alright, my beloved,” Castiel continued as another loud knock ruptured their bubble, their moment of happiness and sorrow. Nevertheless, Castiel tried to reassure his beloved hunter, finally asking the secret question he had kept silent for too long. The question he was dying keeping and the question he was dying just to have it answered. “Will you marry me?”
and he wouldn’t survive on rabbit stupid food! And Castiel had laughed, under the bored gaze of the cashier and under the loving stare of Dean. He had to turn around immediately, least of all his Angel knew of his blushing cheeks.
“Aretha? As in,
It was way too much for his brain to process. There was Castiel, looking like
, it could mean troubles. It could mean Cas leaving.
Turns out, therapy actually did wonders and the amount of trauma he was hiding behind a nice face was massive. He didn’t think he could shock a supernatural being with his life story, especially considering he was kinda famous after having saved the word his entire life, but his shifter therapist dropped their jaw to the floor at the third mention of Gabriel scamming them and making them believe he was dead, so. Jury was still out on that.
"..."
But, they were both humans who needed to breathe. Still, neither wanted to move far away, already having spent too much time apart.
"It would be much easier for us to simply fly there with my powers. Are you aware of it?"
He had been idiotic, believing himself mightier than the Empty, believing he had managed to succeed victorious in his bargaining.
To say Dean wasn’t prepared was the biggest understatement of the century, millennium, of the entire time. He was bound to mess up, he was bound to miss something. The girl was doomed, since she was in his hands. Perhaps Castiel finishing her would be a mercy, at least quicker than his idiotic hero complex that would definitely get them both killed.
"BULLSHIT!" he screamed at the angel, jumping up from his sitting position and moving closer to the other man.
Neither realised he had gone out, too busy in their screaming match, and neither of them cared where he went, so why should he.
“You mean squids are actually downsized Krakens?”
Optimism, he’d need optimism. Something that he had never once had in his life, his vision always grim and dark, tainted by the harsh reality he lived in. But then, Cas had appeared out of nowhere, taking in stride all of his stabbings and putting up with his bullshit, giving him the opportunity to see the world through different lenses. Removing his red glasses that only showed anger and sorrow, and replacing them with kinder ones, pink stained, still aware of all of the ugly their Universe could use against them, but softening each blow with his presence. And he had tried to fight it, used only to violence and agony, but Cas had been so patient with him, building a broken man out of his shards and restoring him to his prime, making him better with his touch.
After all, Jack had been the one to suggest he lived his life like a human, like a hunter, to understand what his new powers and responsibilities meant to their full extent and to avoid making Chuck’s same mistakes, and so Dean and Castiel had been adamant with their rules on his use of magic, which included flying.
Dean was speechless. This was everything he had wished and hoped for. Time, with the people he loved. And now he had it all, without having to worry about monsters or diabetes or arthritis. He could finally relax fully, going to that beach he had always dreamed of, with toes in the sand and a little umbrella on his drink.
But he didn’t have time to cry over spilled milk, not when he was quite literally alone in enemy territory, bargaining for his Angel’s life.
Nevertheless, he stood his ground silently, swallowing his tongue and digging his fingers through the denim, already feeling the crescent shape of his fingernails on his skin, separated only by the thin inside layer of his pockets. He knew that, if he pressed down hard enough, he’d be able to break the skin, through the flimsy fabric, and that the simple action could bring him back to reality, could be the push he needed to speak up, to react.
That hurt somehow, the mistrust on his expression. Castiel thought he had proven himself one of the ‘
"WHAT? No, I know what I said and I never fail in anything!" said the hunter, looking taken aback.
“You said 5…”
Long gone where the days of surviving on scraps, leaving the best of what he could find for Sammy, or buying the least expensive thing at the store that could last them three days, paying with the little money he made playing pool with people three times his height. Now that they had access to the Men of Letter’s accounts, frozen since the sixties and now reaching skyrocketing numbers, he could afford to live like a normal human being, eating like one too, without having to worry about consuming too much water in his microwavable mac’n’cheese.
Castiel shook his head violently, "It's not that simple."
He just had to shoulder this, like he did everything else, bury his emotions down and keep them under lock and key. That was the only way to work.
Nobody except Dean and Kevin got that reference. Really, babe, even you? I made you watch the Office! Okay, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool, cool. You guys need to expand your horizons, ‘cause that was pathetic.
"Are you trying to use the Italian '
But not with Cas.
.’ And you think hate and anger, that's… that's what drives you, that's who you are. But it's not, no matter how many times I told you already, I will constantly tell you. And once this is over I will personally go up to your poor excuse of a father figure, just to ‘
he spoke the last verb in a rather mocking tone. Dean immediately felt like sucker-punching him in the face.
"What you're saying is that when she's not in a bodysuit she is some sort of mist?"
.” The voice was almost drowned by the thousands of opposing ones, reminding him how stupid he had been and how idiotic it would be for him to believe all that nonsense, but, somehow, Dean managed to cling to it, letting it be his lighthouse in the sea of self-deprecation he always had to deal with.
Dean closed his eyes, shutting out his rapidly blurring vision as it locked in tight with the angry red lines painted on the floor. His chest began to heave out of control as he slowly fell to his knees, unable to hold his own against the war that was raging inside his brain, still with his hands clasped on the old stool, his only anchor to reality.
They leaned back on their throne once more, regarding their nails as if they were the most important thing in creation, as if the fate of countless angels and demons wasn’t important. “Because I want to go back to sleep knowing that I will never see you or your angel ever again!” they stated, snapping once again their fingers to show Dean another one of his memories. Another one of his nightmares.
I thought it was the best next thing, instead of quoting all of the ‘
“Because!” he tried, words already failing him, “Because there were better movies that I wasn’t letting you watch and I already felt like shit for wasting your time around me, and I didn’t want you to realise how I felt!”
Because, back at home was Sammy, left alone with Rufus babysitting, and, back at home, there were chores to do and work and fear. If he could, Dean would have rather stayed by the lake, no matter how selfish it made him, enjoying the cold and fresh air and freedom a little bit longer.
for who he truly was, broken pieces and all. Cas knew everything about him, he had literally rebuilt him atom from atom all those years back, when he rescued him from perdition. He was the only person in the world he was comfortable around, from sharing the horror stories from his childhood and to telling him his favourite things, no matter how bizarre or embarrassing they were.
Therefore, he didn’t drink to his heart’s content. Just enough to make the voices that screamed in his head quiet, even for a short while. He kept going, like he knew he should’ve. Like Dean knew
He told the Hunter so, as he moved to rest his forehead against Castiel’s shoulder.
Moose is right, they should pay us in damage.
That had, indeed, been the last of Dean’s worries. As if Jack, the new god, the new ruler of everything, would have let him go anywhere else once,
No, instead he always stood near his father, making sure their family wasn’t separated and destroyed, as he should, never feeling the boulder resting on his shoulders lift, dragging him down with each step he took.
He knew, logically, that the sight in front of him was real, that he was there, in his arms, alive and human and as well as one in his position might have been. He was breathing, and his heart was beating, and his eyes were open. And the people that surrounded them were real: Rowena, in her red dress, always so put together and curated to the last detail, as she looked down at them with concern and hope; Eileen, watching them carefully as she held onto Sam’s old and ragged flannel, almost as if she needed to ground herself, the magnitude of everything that had just happened too much; Sam, whose hair definitely needed to be trimmed down, worrying over him like the giant moose he truly was, his eyes widened as he checked both him and Castiel for injuries; Jack, wearing hand me downs mixed with his own clothes, in the most Winchester way possible, as he crouched down to help as best as he could with his human strength, completely foregoing the supernatural abilities in order to feel all of the emotions he’d have to forget to be a celestial being.
But, Dean had this fond smitten smile when he talked about Cas, which I had only seen for the Impala before. Not even Sammy got that treatment!
He didn’t know if he should’ve cried out in rage or thanked his lucky stars when Castiel calmly replied: “Thank you for the compliment on my vessel, but I fail to see your point.”
And Sammy would laugh at his serious face, as he tried to work as best as his little hands could, trying not to get his palms sliced on the sharp edges. They were already full of tiny white scars from the incidents during the years.
If it wasn’t for Dean, he would be happy. He probably wouldn’t have died as many times as he did as well.
"You do not need to do anything, Dean. I can simply appear directly inside of the room and disappear without having anyone see me, if that is what concerns you."
He is my brother, so I already didn’t want to prod or stuff my nose into questions about sexuality with him. He was the one to give me ‘
No, that would be an understatement: in a life where luck decided whether you were going to eat or starve on a game based on a game of pool in a shitty bar somewhere in Montana, he was prepared for both outcomes, but had grown to expect the latter, as if was the most probable. Also, to add to the equation, there was the fact that in shitty bars in Montana he always managed to win against people twice his size, so he ended up on the short end of a stick either way.
And how could Dean blame him, when he wished for the same exact thing every day?
Dean might have been already in Heaven, but this was his Paradise.
He walked around the car to grab his bag from the trunk, when the sound of approaching footsteps echoed down the halls.
Opening his piercing green eyes, he moved quickly into a seated position and assessed franticly his own body for injuries. “What happened?” he questioned, scanning the room and landing his gaze on the unconscious woman partially inside the circle.
, which we'll do. But we'll find a way to keep that innocent person alive."
He had actually believed that Billie was to blame for the disappearance of all their friends and hunters in her vengeful path. It would fit in her schemes of grandeur, after all.
cards which they wasted no time in using. And now, he had to rectify, rushing to wipe out the remaining world that rebelled, struggling with his goal of omnipotence. Because, no matter how powerful he was and how hard he tried to make the entire Universe follow his plotlines, he had missed something. And he was terrified of it enough to decide that whatever plan he had to keep his entertainment going was not worth the chance of the Winchester ruining it.
his father always said. So cry he didn't, never, not since he was really young and stupid. Especially not in front of Sammy. They already had enough problem as it were, he didn't need a sissy chick-flick brother. His little brother used to look up at him; Dean couldn't let him down by being a pathetic and weak and whiny boy.
It took him all he had just to walk back through the entrance, once they came back, unfruitful. They had rolled the luck dice one last time, risking it all with Chuck just to get everything back to normal. Or, at least, that had been Sammy’s motif.
The hunter huffed out a breathy laugh: he had asked himself the same question since he was a child and his father told him to grow up and stop acting childishly. "Fuck me if I know, it's just the way it is sometimes." He then added hastily, trying to change the subject as soon as possible, "But anyway, what were we talking about?" Just because he wasn't bothered by the angel seeing him like
For all he and the Shadow had talked about, they didn’t mention anything about Cas’ wellbeing once he was mortal and human. They hadn’t said anything about him coming back in one piece, fine, alright. Just graceless, that was the only point that mattered.
I got Jody and Donna and Alex and Patience out of that mess, and they are all bad ass hunters whom I love so much!. And I got Kaia as well, although that’s more thanks to Jack and his inability to not create disasters everywhere he goes.
While it was true, that he had brought Cas back from the dead because he couldn’t live without him, he had also done it for selfish reasons. Dean wouldn’t have been able to enjoy Paradise or to endure Damnation without his Angel, which threw in a wrench in his plans to call it quits.
By the way, after this reception is over I will move to an unfindable and unreachable location for my own safety, because one thing must be said about Dean Winchester and that is that he is a marvellously capable hunter who will definitely cut my head out to hang it over his fireplace once he sees my wedding gift.
Absolutely Hilarious!
"You could simply not follow me. I am confident I will succeed in my mission even without your assistance. "
Then, because he needed the hunter to know, he needed him to
How nice would it be to actually live his fantasies and his desires? How lucky would he have to be, to make this work? How stupid would he have to be, to actually believe all that might come true?
After all, he was always happy to die for Dean Winchester.
Instead, he was pinned down by the former angel’s gaze, his hands shoved in his pockets to avoid Castiel from seeing them shake and tremble with tension and dread. He focused on the floor as if his life depended on it, searching through his brain for something to say, something to do. All that came up were apologies and begging and cries, in imprecise order, but nothing seemed to work.
He also looked sinful and worthy of eternal damnation, but that was a recurrent appearance for the former angel, at least to Dean’s eyes.
He also had a vast support group, his kids and Jody and Donna and Garth and Charlie and even
The crappy motel he was staying at seemed further than Dean remembered. Mainly because he had gotten accustomed to driving everywhere, but also because he wasn’t really that much used to stumbling ‘
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel was then left alone, unsure of what was expected to him and what was customary. He debated waking up his vessel from the slumber state he had put him to protect his human psyche, but choose against the action as soon as he heard the hunter stir in his sleep. He was aware of the lights inside the room still working, and so he closed them, thinking that perhaps that was the cause of his discomfort.
Still, you're an idiot, of course, everybody knows that. But I like that you're my idiot dad.
2 layers’
During the drive back, Dean chose to remain silent, focused entirely on the road, even though there were nobody else but them, his jaw clenched so tightly that it hurt. Sam had tried to talk to him about what had happened, to understand why he was acting so lost, as if they had no way of winning anymore, but Dean couldn’t speak. How could he, when all he truly wanted to do was drink until his head stopped working and until his heart stopped aching? How could he talk about it, when all that would come out of his mouth would be strangled cries of agony at the knowledge that he was alone, away from the person he truly loved and that, by some miracle, apparently loved him back?
Nor was the former angel, apparently.
But now, now Chuck’s actions were frantic, almost terrified, scared. He made mistakes and revealed his cards,
Castiel could have easily unsheathed his angel blade, but there just was something about handling a human-made blade to draw on a human-made door an Enochian seal with angelic blood to protect the one human whose life was worth more than the remaining Universe to said angel, it was something that made Castiel’s heart sing in contempt, in adoration and in rebellion.
Castiel began to mumble a series of incomprehensible sounds. They sounded rather ancient and powerful
Anyway, during Bobby’s speech I got an idea and being an amazing, brilliant, wonderful archangel I just had to put my brain into it.
not really knowing what being a kid even meant, but that didn’t stop either from trying to give Jack the full experience.
“Why didn’t you want that?” he questioned softly, his hands stopping moving but never leaving Dean’s.
But he had to go overboard, the fucking Angel. He blinked repeatedly at him, badly attempting to wink and adorably scrunching his nose up as he did so. “I thought this human mannerism would be easier to perform” he admitted defeated, wrinkling his brows with an upset expression.
And so, Dean did: he launched himself on the topic, listing various titles that went from the classic era towards more recent instalments with ease, focusing his mind on them and on the feeling of Castiel’s shoulder pressed against his. The list wasn’t long, he had managed to chuck a good amount of movies at the angel, whenever he could stay at the bunker, sometimes Dean falling asleep on the couch and waking up with a blanket tucked over him.
Dean closed his eyes as he tried to find the right words, letting his heart calm a little. Eventually, he figured how to make his tongue work, sighing before he spoke: “All the angels told me all the time that you guys don’t feel like humans do. That is the biggest difference between us and it’s a weakness. Dad once told me the same thing and, when you guys appeared in our lives, I just thought: ‘
“Didn’t Sam tell you that pouting deepens your creasing lines?"
“I just had a thought.”
He needed to explain, especially the little, tiny, microscopic detail regarding Castiel’s permanence on Earth.
When he emerged back, wearing a pair of different trousers and a different shirt that had a logo printed on. He smirked at Castiel, or he assumed that was the action, for he was not familiar with human facial expression enough to understand the difference between a smirk and a grin. He had always thought that human emotion could not be properly conveyed through facial expression alone, yet he had been corrected in the little time he had spent with the hunter: Dean Winchester wore his emotions out for everyone to see, but rarely spoke of them.
“Why are you so surprised?” Dean asked, shaking himself out of his brother’s hold while counting to twelve in his head, trying to keep his discomfort at the attention to a minimum. For his bravado and cocky attitude, he wasn’t that particularly fond of the limelight, and he didn’t deserve that now, with Castiel finally back. Yet, he was the first one who wasn’t staring at the former angel, choosing to focus on a spot behind him to avoid looking directly at the blazing sun that was his Angel, because he wasn’t his and he didn’t deserve to be blessed with such a sight.
he thought with a small smile on his lips,
His suspicion got confirmed when said husband sent him a text around 10 in the morning, telling him to lecture their kid about how impolite it had been to leave them hanging when they couldn’t fly as well. Dean had then done as he was told, reminding Jack that just because he was the new God, that didn’t mean that he could do whatever he wanted, that he should’ve told him he was leaving and that he shouldn’t have done it in the first place.
Dean flicked his lighter open, taking his eyes from the still form in front of him.
But, in all realness, Dean Winchester, you are the best father in the entire Universe. And I’m not just saying this ‘cause you’re my dad, but because you are genuinely the best person I know and I am so happy you wanted to adopt the runaway daughter of your husband’s vessel.
the second cup, but he will make himself understood. And I’ve lived with them for a while, I can understand easily now what he means in the morning.
It didn’t matter if Castiel had said those words to encourage him, to fool him, or because he truly meant them. They were out, in the open, and their strengthening effect wasn’t going anywhere.
The hunter, obviously, brought him back to reality: "Didn't think so" he said, smiling proudly at his correctness, "until then we've got nothing else to do other than waiting." He then added in a slightly different range, raising up an octave as he saw the waitress approach with two plates as well as leaning back on his booth in what Castiel assumed to be a ‘
Castiel never wanted the emotion to end.
“This is better, isn’t it?” he asked once Castiel’s hands had made their way under his shirt, softly tracing the countless scars he knew were there.
“I don’t want to!” his hunter yelled, almost loudly enough to drown the room out of the sounds that permeated it. Almost.
Moving back into sitting position, he stretched, "Nah I'm good." It was getting quite late now, closer to two pm, and Dean could feel the awfully familiar pain of an empty stomach now that his head had cleaned up. He had been too nervous to even grab a coffee on his way to the
“How was the trip?” Cas asked, walking to give both Claire and Jack a welcoming hug.
, which is another thing I still have nightmares about. Add that to the equation, it was a giant can of worms with the word ‘
Oh, by the way, Pops, I’ve already told Dad but there was a bee that flew around me during the ceremony while Rowena was marrying you two and she landed on my nose! No, she did not sting me, she was very nice, in fact!
The clock on the room wall signalled 6 in the morning, the light beginning to filter in the room through the curtains hanging on the window. Castiel, as an Angel and Celestial Being, did not need rest, unlike the hunter. It saddened him immensely of having realized at such lateness it: if he had not been immersed in their project, he would have suggested the hunter to sleep.
Not that he could actually blame him, not when he hated himself despite all of his Angel’s reassurances. It would be fitting, he realised, after years he would finally cross his Angel’s boundaries, driving him away in the effort to pull him closer.
It wasn’t hard, especially since he wasn’t drinking alone anymore. It had become a routine of theirs, whenever Cas stayed over at the bunker, to sit in the main room on opposite sides of the table, sharing a glass of whiskey, just enjoying each other’s company. There were too many words unspoken between them, sentences that Dean couldn’t let out, but they always tried to put it all away, focusing on the moment, ignoring the way Sam always managed to interrupt them whenever they were talking alone.
Forget the original Flood, if he let a single tear escape there would be no holding back.
At least, if he had to go, he reasoned, he would go with the most precious and perfect sight ever created.
The silence was unnerving: not even a single creak of the wood of the stairs or any presence that there was someone home. That until...
His father had taught him how to see without eyes, using blindfolds and such, but it was with time and experience that he had fully learnt the importance of seeing. He had learnt that people looked at him for all different types of reasons: women did because he was attractive, men did because he was intimidating, enemies to assess him, and so forth. He was now very good at categorizing gazed and stares, yet he couldn’t, for the life of him, understand why Castiel had decided to stare
“Well, that is very good thinking,” he commented, unsure of what to say. Should he send the cosmic entity who had been considerably nice to him a fruit basket for letting their son stick around? Probably, once he figured how to mail it properly.
And then this Angel arrives and steals my dad and my mom goes crazy worried for an entire year, before going definitely crazy and leaving me alone. So, I think you all understand what I mean when I say I hated him.
It wasn’t until his legs were aching and his heart was full, for now, that he remembered that they might have had an audience.
It would be poetic, dying in the same place Castiel had left him, in the same place all of his hopes had shattered, alongside his ruined heart.
Damn, that shut you up alright. Good to know.
“I love this song!” he yelled happily, laughing at how effortlessly blissful he was. It was just so easy, being happy with Cas.
Dean couldn’t tell how long they just remained like that, the only sign of time pass coming from the sky above. It moved slowly and too fast at the same time, night falling way too soon and showing a series of constellations that Dean had never seen before in his life. He doubted that the scenery was visible anyway on Earth.
He had been able to experiment to his heart’s delight, making as many mistakes as he needed to learn. And now, he could proudly say that he was an excellent cook. He had gotten in knowing only how to make cereal and came out with flambé skills and an entire shelf of cookbooks he had collected over the years. Talk about personal growth.
Still, Dean felt the nerves clutch his stomach the more he thought about what had just happened. He had been in the Empty for no longer than half an hour, chatting amicably with an entity that could have easily killed him without a second thought, but he didn’t really know how much time had passed in the real world.
Yet there was no trace of him anywhere. Dean was so sure that he was up there, he could feel his presence in the air itself. There was no way Jack would have let him in the Empty and there was no way his feelings were wrong.
Dean was done quicker than he had realized, sometimes it still baffled him how little belongings he had.
All Dean could do was stare back at them, shocked. He couldn’t wrap his head around their words. He could not believe what he had just heard.
"Fine, work first. Tell me about this demon we're hunting." He managed to stay focused on the tasks at hand, both the driving of his vehicle and the problem they now shared, rather easily, as if it was something he was used on doing. "Is it not human binding law not to disturb anyone while conducting a vehicle?"
“I could have easily made us both appear directly inside the room, but instead...” the angel couldn’t finish the sentence. He had been cut off by a maniacal scream that had exited the hunter’s throat. “WHERE THE FUCK DID YOU LEAVE MY BABY?” asked a panicked Dean Winchester to the celestial being.
“There is one thing she’s afraid of. There’s… There’s one thing strong enough to stop her.”
“But, you don’t have a soul! We have no way of knowing where you’ll go then!”
supreme’ he thought to himself, trying to read the situation as well as another of his siblings would have.
Yes, I have eaten the pie, and you were right. Cheddar Cheese would’ve been a bad flavour idea with the fruit on the pie. It would have not been like a cheesecake. But I still want a cheesecake. Can me and the girls go and get one after this? Alright then, tomorrow. Wait, you two won’t be here tomorrow ‘cause you’re going to the moon of honey! Can Claire drive us? And can we take the Impala?
He didn’t even feel the piece of metal go through, when he pushed and was pushed against it, not until his lungs had begun to burn with each passing breath and until blood started to rise in his throat, pulsing and itching up in tandem with his fading heart, making his words more difficult and his thoughts more scattered.
The missing piece of their puzzle was futile, he tried to make himself believe. He was, indeed, an angel, and human rules and customs did, indeed, not apply to him. And they still had a world to save.
Dean had prayed to Jack all night, that first day, begging for a sign that he was back, that he was alright, that they would’ve met again. All that he had gotten back in the morning was a single white flower, placed on his pillow, next to his head. It was a miracle, really, how he hadn’t crumpled it in his tossing and turning during his sleep, in his restlessness. It was perfect and at the perfect time.
He had Eileen back, to help him and to be by his side in his hours of need. And he was going to need all the help he could get, with how deep their co-dependency ran.
Castiel was relentless, though, and he bumped his shoulder playfully with Dean’s, the body contact sending thrills down his spine as he tried to remain as calm and straight as he could. “No. Just ‘
And so, there they stood, in complete and utter silence. Dean couldn’t bear himself from looking at Castiel’s eyes, terrified of what he would see in those deep blue irises he was enchanted with. The silence was so loud, he could hear the clock that was ticking in the kitchen, just above the stove and next to the timer that was worn out by use and time.
They simply leaned forward, peering down at him with curiosity, rooting Dean on the spot. He doubted that he would be able to move freely with their gaze on, scrutinizing his every breath. “You’re bold, I’ll give you that. I assume you’re here for a reason, aren’t you?”
A loud crashing never meant good things in his experience, not when he had to deal with monsters on the daily in his life, rude and loud ones that liked to create a mess with their inhuman strength, and definitely not when his father would come back in the middle of the night, smelling like cheap beer and cigarettes, uncaring if he woke him up as he slandered around their tiny, rented motel room. Sam never woke up during those nights and Dean thanked whoever was upstairs for letting him be a heavy sleeper, safe and sound on his bed. He would then keep watch under his own covers, making sure his breathing wasn’t too loud as he waited for his father to go to sleep, those few times when he actually stayed with them instead of leaving them in the middle of nowhere. And only when the old man had taken the sack, he would let himself relax, falling into a nightmare filled sleep that drained him to no end.
“What are you willing to do?” they asked eventually, staring off into an invisible distance, indistinguishable from the rest of the darkness and nothingness that engulfed them. One thing Dean knew, for sure, their name was spot on. “How far would you go to save the one you love? You’re so in love with the angel Castiel and he reciprocates so much, it is the reason for both your demises! It’s poetic, don’t you agree? He saved you and he damned himself in doing so. And now, here you are! Standing in front of me with all your tiny might, bold enough to ask for him back. Tell me, Dean Winchester, Messenger of God’s destruction. At what extreme will you throw yourself, to get your angel back?”
All he had of that day now was a very faint scar on his digit, but he would always keep the memory close to his heart.
Because Castiel was gone and with him, Dean’s happiness was gone too.
The little glimpse of what about to come I saw that night? It should’ve been enough, actually. Who in the hell introduces himself as
There. After years of keeping his secret, never letting it be known by anyone, denying it himself, scared shitless of the consequences, he was out. Easy, right?
“Cause you’re really pretty, that’s how!” he blurted out, fully knowing that the alcohol in his system was making him more prone to blabbering and keeping his sentence short, trying to avoid being misted on the spot for running his mouth.
When he did wake up, jumping up in a defensive stance with the covers tangled on his legs, incapable of even taking his gun from the nightstand in his clammy hands, Dean thought that he was still asleep.
But the familiar sensation of hot, boiling blood over his skin didn’t come. There was suddenly warmth surrounding his restless hands alright, only that it was coming from outside his body. Two constricting hands were limiting his reach of action, holding his fingers still and unmoving, while remaining gentle in their touch.
And he decided that he would be fine, that he would just need to keep his mouth shut, his feelings locked in tight, as he had done for so long. Just because he had a tiny crush on his former angelic best friend, it didn’t mean that it should be spoken about. For all Dean knew, the feeling might be fleeting, might pass as easily as it had come.
Dean was done praying, he knew better than that. There was no one in the Universe who could get him Castiel back, nor anyone wanted to. No one had ever listened to him, except the one good Angel that was now no more.
And so, removing their typical subjects and replacing them with positive memories, the nightmares had subdued. They didn’t wake him up in the middle of the night anymore and they didn’t shake him to his core like they used to.
Castiel was staring at him expectantly. Dean wasn’t normally certain of his work, but for once he felt confident that things would go well. There was still a little voice in the back of his head that claimed that everything would go to shit, but it was so soft that he almost couldn’t hear it.
What? Oh?
Not until he had his Angel back.
Finished! Hope you liked this!
One day, he met the son of his employer, a boy in one of his classes, that was also quiet and preferred solitude. Unwillingly, the two boys hit it off right away, hanging out in and outside of school, studying together and even spending their free times in each other’s company. One thing led to the other and before Dean knew it, he had fallen. Hard.
Yet, no matter which shape he was in, nothing seemed to come out on the positive side. There were too many errors, too many mistakes, too many dead ends.
“Oh, stop tilting your head! I’m fine. Stop worrying and let’s get back to work!” the hunter quickly said, colour creeping up in his cheeks for reasons unbeknownst to Castiel. There were many reasons for such blood rush, but he could not link any of those to their current debacle.
, as the kids call it; I also ate a sandwich that Cassie had painstakingly and meticulously prepared for himself after he returned to his Grace.
He also knew that there was most definitely a cage down below with his name written on the nametag, but that was another point.
Of course, his fear was irrational. It took only one look at Bobby to realise that. The older man was looking at him softly with unbridled joy, teary-eyed and warm smile. “What are you waiting for, you idjit?”
Okay, but in realness, this was so fun. And yeah, maybe a full-on nerd wedding wouldn’t have been the best of plans, especially since the cottage core meets rustic vibes that we have here are immaculate. I feel so much love in this Harvelle’s tonight.
Never in a million years, he would’ve thought he’d have someone like Cas.
. The piece of plastic-ish fabric with other plastic stuff that is attached to your right, on the lateral doorframe. You gotta wrap it around your body and click it in the clickety thing."
“How long can you stay?” he asked cautiously. He didn’t want to sound rude or curt, but he was sure Jack could understand the underlying question: How long would he be able to enjoy life on Earth before having to go back upstairs, dealing with the angelic morons?
"Then I say we don't just sit around. Let's go asking around if anyone has seen anything different and all that jazz. Can you detect the demon once she's in someone?"
One year ago, he was worried and defeated, unsure of what was real and what was created only for Chuck’s personal amusement, hopelessly fighting in a war he didn’t think he could win, drained and scared and
The angel turned around at him, a questioning frown on his face, "I have never been inside of an automobile before, but I thought they moved faster than this."
But now, for the first time since he was young, he felt a pang of sadness cling to the idea of moving on. Would Castiel know where to find him, when he was constantly on the move from town to town?
Rowena had told Jack to stand by, ready to intervene with his godly powers if something went south, even though he had no jurisdiction in the Empty’s dimension, but Dean could feel in his heart that nothing would’ve gone wrong. He was getting his Angel back and nothing could’ve stopped him anymore.
His mind screamed at him to lower his gun, to reason, to do all he could to force the Spawn to get Castiel back. But he couldn’t.
The first time I called Dean Dad, he choked on his coffee! It was the second cup of the day, and he wasn’t that awake yet, but he wasn’t murderous. Second cup is usually where you can start to ask little things, like ‘
Sammy could tease all he wanted that he was a mother hen, or a bear mom, or any other animal-related parental figures, but he enjoyed the way those two troubled heads relied on him, even if Claire was legally old enough to drink and Jack was an all-powerful four years old in the body of a young adult who ate too much sugar. He loved them both so much, he was sure his heart would eventually explode. Yet he didn’t care, especially when he was driving alone after just dropping them off in a way his father never did for him and Sammy.
He had completed his mission with too much delay, despite his superior’s words. He had been selected and sent down because he was one of the most diligent and loyal soldiers Heaven could dispose of, yet when the moment had come he had failed. He had not terminated the demon, which should have been an easy task, and he had let her roam loose, untamed. He had to even enlist a human’s help to track her down and ultimately kill her. And now here he was, lying to his superiors.
“Would it not have been easier to simply say ‘
Castiel could have easily chosen to remain in that position for the rest of eternity, he realized without an ounce of regret. But that would not be fair to the Hunter, who had his human life to live to the fullest of extents.
He needed to scream, but with Sammy so near, he couldn’t. He was his big brother, after all, the one that never broke down, no matter how hard things might get. Yet, he still needed to let go part of the rage he could feel boiling under his skin, otherwise he might’ve exploded.
Not when he was driving.
He waited, shaking his head as one of the hands holding him was suddenly removed, cold sweeping in over his own hands at the sudden lack of warmth, ready for the blow to come. It had to, after all, and he had to stay still and just take it. It would do him no good reacting, he knew that. Because, if he fought back, he’d have to suffer twice as much as originally intended and he would gladly get it over with.
It would definitely be risky, but risk was all they had now. He would have to time the moment right, Dean would have to cooperate, Dean would have to agree. But, Castiel reasoned, at least Dean would make it out alive of the damned trap they had fallen right in. And that was more than the fallen angel could ask, more than he had the right to hope.
Dean’s story had to start with a little bit of acquired happiness, otherwise, he would have never recovered from the loss of his best friend. From the loss of the only person that knew him better than himself. From the loss of the love of his life.
But now? Now that he could do more than just stare from a distance at the radiant sun that was his Angel, too afraid to break his fragile happiness with his ruinous hands?
“ his mind spoke softly, bringing him some clarity. Of course that wasn’t how Dean saw the Angel: Castiel had been kind and understanding and downright amazing. He was fun to be around, with his complete lack of pop culture and quick remarks, and he managed to make Dean’s heart flutter faster than anybody else ever had and his cheeks blush. When he had complimented him earlier about his work, he had not believed him, yet throughout the day Castiel had pointed one too many aspects of Dean’s research for it to be intentional, claiming it was ‘
But the dog wasn’t as easily fooled by his distracting methods, for he pointed his snout back at the barely smaller pile of books Dean still had to work his way through.
They were real and so they would fight.
And they remained like that, enjoying the quiet scenery, drinking cheap beer.
“Of course, I have! Have you met me? And I would never get a spell second-hand from someone who got possessed by the Devil, I’m better than that!” he replied, losing his internal battle about maintaining calm and poise, and all but screaming at his brother, arm still raised up, ready to begin the chant one way or another. “I am 90% overthinking, Sammy. Trust me, I know what I’m doing!”
sorry for the delay.  I promise this is complete now!
Pretty easy, right?
"Yeah, yeah. Whatever. Do you mind stop zapping me everywhere?" he asked a few moments later, after having regained his breath and having stopped his mind from spinning.
They had every right to be upset, to get their vengeance in every way they could, to demand his head on a spike, since it was all his fault that Jack hadn’t gone full-blown on Chuck’s sorry ass. And he had just waltzed right in, with a demand nevertheless, instead of begging on his knees and asking for forgiveness.
When Jack got up and lit up at the prospect of a different kind of morning he hadn’t experienced yet, Dean was reminded that he shouldn’t launch himself fully in plans of rescue and revenge, as his father had done all those years back, ruining both his and Sammy’s childhoods. Life had so much more to offer and, even if it would have been perfect and ideal to share it with Castiel, he shouldn’t waste his sacrifice locking himself up and punishing himself for his inability to protect those he loved.
on the death of angels, and it featured a spot-on description of the Empty, shadowy goo and all. So far in their research, they had only found walls obstructing their way, but when Jack practically jumped off his chair and leaned fully over the table to have Dean read the chapter alongside him, he could feel in his bones how right they were.
The fangirling at the Castle was just an added bonus.
“What do you say, son, you think we’ll be able to get him back?” he asked once they were in front of Jack’s room, Miracle running off to the one Castiel had taken for himself. The dog had decided, that very first day, that he was going to sleep on that bed and literally nowhere else in the entire bunker, and, so far, he had taken residence amongst the remaining trench coats and ties that Dean hadn’t moved to his own wardrobe yet.
” he felt compelled to say, but he wondered if that wording was inappropriate.
“You want him back so much, don’t you?” the Shadow asked viciously, smiling down at him as they snapped their fingers, making the images disappear, the quietness replaced with sounds of agony, terror and screaming. Dean fell to his knees, clutching his ears unsuccessfully: the sounds were directly in his mind, slowly breaking down his brain as he tried to understand what was happening all around him.
He fell, his knees finally giving out and forcing him to lay down next to Cas. He desperately wanted to hold him closer, to give him his heat and to try and guide him back to life. He wanted to scream, to cry, to trash the world down and tear it apart bit by bit, all to get Castiel to open his stupid blue eyes and look at him with that stupid goofy expression of his that Dean never quite managed to understand.
“It ain’t your car anymore, Sammy,” Dean said, failing to keep the smile off his face. And, really, who could blame him? He had the love of his life shirtless and on top of him, while simultaneously he was embarrassing his annoying little brother.
They were so close he could practically taste the air, such a stark contrast with the nothingness of the Empty.
“What about the girl?” the hunter asked, a worried frown on his forehead signalling discomfort.
Who got the spot only because he’s Dean’s dummy brother, which isn’t really fair. Charlie did throw an amazing party that ended up with very illegal activities that we all enjoyed!
“It is pretty nice,” he managed to reply, letting all his happiness melt into the words. He was holding back his tears, he had probably never been this relieved or content in his entire time on Earth. The only time that came this close was the day when Castiel had come back to him, all those years ago.
When Castiel had come back with several books that they might have needed in their conjoined research, after a rather short period of absence, the hunter emanated such a powerful state of distress that he had to comfort him. He had paused their work, all but ordering the hunter to eat something for he was stubborn.
"You're annoying."
If this was Falling, he could not blame his former siblings, he thought treacherously, horrified by his own mind. Yet he never wished for this to stop.
“Do,” he just admitted, only to rectify when the former angel made a sound of misunderstanding at his meaning: “I still do, feel like that. And yes, I didn’t know, but not knowing is safer. Besides, when have things gone right for me?”
Looking around bored and lightly tapping his fingers on the steering wheel to the rhythm of Van Halen’s
“Believe it or not, Dean, but I do wish not to harm an innocent, as I had guaranteed you earlier. You do not seem to understand how easy it would be for me to simply complete my mission without you meddling.”
Coincidently, five drinks in were all it took for Dean to plan on kissing said Angel.
Surely, amidst the dusty old books, there must have been something, anything. He would take it all, crumbles as they might have been.
?" he asked, now sitting on the bed and carefully listening to the angel. He wondered if he should write the new load of info down, just to have an easier access to them in the future. If he was going to get a future.
' and Castiel had never had either, therefore his curiosity was incredibly high, while he maintained his expectations low and in check.
He was finally able to let all that pain leave his body and his soul, because he was in Heaven with the love of his life and there was nothing separating them anymore.
“Nah, feathers. I’m with you” he said, flashing his most charming smile at the Angel, to at least try to make it seem like he wasn’t terrified of what was waiting for him, “Let’s go and kick some demon’s ass!”
“There’s a coffee shop two blocks down. Meet me there in, like, 5?” he said, jumping off the bed and walking towards the bathroom, purposefully avoiding Castiel’s gaze.
"There’s a body over there. Doesn’t that mean that the deed is done and that son of a bitch’s gone for good?”
That freaking winged overgrown baby had the audacity to snort! "I understand this might be an important subject to you," he said in a rather mocking tone.
I was already scarred for life, can you please stop adding fuel to this fire? I’d appreciate it.
Or so Dean thought.
"Black to be exact. I suppose we could track her down thanks to your research. Demons are not exactly an intelligent species and they are creatures of habit."
Castiel had said it with an expression that could only mean sincerity, with such a raw pain on his tone that it almost knocked Dean over. Not that it would’ve mattered: Dean Winchester had already fallen to the ground, his body curling over his legs as he embraced them, cradling himself as if he was a child.
that you two shared. Such an annoying little thing.”
The girl in question had already jumped out of the car, taking in a moment to stretch. But she had managed to hear perfectly and stuck her head through the window just moments before Dean reached over to close it, peering down at the Nephilim. “Aren’t you a heavy sleeper?” she asked snappily, resting her head on her crossed hands on the windowsill.
"Dean Winchester?" she simply asked as he approached, not moving an inch from his Baby. He stopped dead in his tracks. The only person he’d told his real name to was Castiel, and he didn’t like the implication of this woman knowing it.
But, he thought sadly, that behaviour might have had something to do with his own reaction. He had been the one to kick him out of the bunker when he was in need. He had told him that he was not going to hunt with them, not without his angelic powers. He had been an asshole, for no apparent reason, and he had hated himself for it, blaming his irrational actions on his crush on the angel. He thought that some time apart would have done him good, letting himself lose focus and interest, diving into all sort of things that were not Castiel.
Castiel had remained standing. Dean could feel his eyes boring into his shoulders, but pretended to ignore it, trying to keep that little posture he had left.
that left his nerve wrecked body. It was relief in its purest form, relief at not having to hold himself back any longer.
He didn’t know just how long they had remained like that, closer than he had ever dared to believe possible, but for the first time in his life, Dean felt happy.
He had to remind himself that John Winchester wasn’t there. Just because the shadow of his father was constantly looming over him, that didn’t mean that he couldn’t enjoy his temporary freedom whenever he was alone. He was an amazing liar, after all, he just needed to man up and be discrete around certain topics.
After all, it was only a lowly demon and he was a Soldier of Heaven.
"Considering she is probably more than 300 years old and considering that female might have not been her gender when she was alive, I do not believe the term '
And, on those days when he did choose to stay under the covers, too tired and weary to do anything more than sleep and breathe, so would Cas, spooning him and cuddling to his heart’s content, chasing away the mean voices. And eventually Claire and Jack would come and search for them, telling them that they were going on a ‘
And don’t even try to claim it was an accident.
There was no mistaking Dean’s smile. His lips stretched widely, he became luminous. He was a beautiful sight, and Castiel desperately wanted to be able to witness it for eternity. “Very much,” he replied, closing once again the gap between them by bringing their lips together.
his mind screamed, basically preparing to pack up and go to Hell.
“I love you,” he said again, physically unable to stop, placing a soft kiss to his nose and cheeks and eyes. He wanted to map his entire body, now that he had eternity to do so.
Jack simply nodded once, after having hugged Castiel one last time, and with that, they disappeared, leaving them alone in the bunker, in room 7b, where it all had gone to hell and back.
"They told you
But Dean told me that he and Sam did escape from a mental asylum once, so I don’t think they’d be that efficient. By the way, is there a place you two nutjobs haven’t escaped from? I still haven’t decided whether it’s idiotic or inspirational.
“I’m going to marry you one day, mark my words!” he said suddenly, without really thinking about the sentences that left his brain unfiltered. He just needed to get them out of his system, unable to bottle them down any longer. But he immediately regretted them as soon as he saw Castiel’s face, serious and deadly.
“I do not understand” Castiel replied, unaware of the effect he had on him, worrying his eyebrows together and giving him a puzzled expression.
" Dean pressed, more insistent now. Just because one didn't need something that didn't mean they couldn't enjoy it!
“The first Death came back as well, repopulating the ranks of the reapers after what Billie did,” Cas finished, brushing his thumb on the back of Dean’s hand reassuringly, giving him the most blinding smile Dean had ever seen.
He tried to apologise, joke it off, but there was no point in denying his intention. He did want to marry Cas, especially because it would be incredibly blasphemous just to think about, and he wanted to spend every day of his, of their lives, together. Dean Winchester, the hunter who believed he’d die young in the middle of a fight, wanted to retire from active duty and grow old with his Angel.
Anyway, ladies and gentlemen and my lovely enbys! Before I pass the microphone to Sam, I wanna thank Ash and Ellen for their idea of holding the wedding and the reception here at Harvelle’s. I’m gonna personally make sure Jack over here helps us with the clean up!
Alright, I’ve got nothing. Goodbye! And clean after yourselves, I know most of you are humans but that’s not an excuse to be assholes.
He was so engrossed in his search, immersed nose-first in the never-ending piles of books, that he had lost track of the passing time on a couple of occasions. If Miracle hadn’t been there, gently tugging at his sleeve whenever the clock ticked a new hour, he probably would’ve not noticed the approach of lunchtime, no matter how loud his stomach lamented, or the fact that he needed bathroom breaks, even with his bladder internally screaming at him. Knowing himself, Dean would’ve definitely fallen asleep on some priceless and irreplaceable text, drooling all over the pages, and he would have beaten himself about it whenever he had awoken with a sore neck.
"We are creatures made of light" Castiel replied in a matter of fact voice, sipping lazily from his own glass.
He loved the bathroom stalls that were in the schools he spent time at, he loved their privacy and their quietness as he tried to make his brain work for a test or a presentation, despite being stupid.
But I did not understand what choking on the coffee meant the first time I called him Dad. I just asked him to pass me the cereals! And there he was, almost dying on me. Again!
Dean felt more than heard another sigh coming from his back, resigned and pointed and so very tired, before a shuffle of dress shoes over the tiles of the floor indicated that he was alone, again, as he should be. As he should remain.
"No funny business when we go in. It's a little bit messy, but don't you dare touch my stuff. Everything is in its place and if you move something I won't find it. Capish?"
"The hell with this!" he said out loud before exiting his motel room. One minute more and the walls would’ve eaten him alive, or he would’ve lost all his courage. He marched over to the car, a beautiful piece of machinery. For his 16
Humans are so amusing.
“Go get a shower first,” Dean called back at both their kids before they exited the garage, “we’ve been in the Impala for close to 13 hours without stops, none of us is going to sit at the table unless we’re clean.”
, was alive and well and beautiful.
Still, Dean felt like he should have replied nevertheless: “Yeah, it’s fine, buddy, but don’t talk about my brother when you have your tongue down my throat.”
Chuck was finally gone, out of the picture, powerless and pathetically human, unable to keep on hurting them. And now that he could actually take some time to rest, to think about a future when he didn’t have to hide and hunt and risk his life for the silliest of reasons, his mind wouldn’t let him.
How was that a concept hard to grasp, Dean wondered as he watched the puzzled expression fall over his brother’s eyes. He could almost see the gears turn inside his head as he rubbed his nose between pointer and thumb, as if to relieve tension building in his temples.
He didn’t really believe in anything other than what he could see. But again, he did see a lot of crazy shit that shouldn’t have been real anyway, so his horizons were open, but as a general rule, he tried to follow hard proof. And what was proof enough that someone upstairs cared about him,
He then felt the need to change the subject, not trusting himself to talk about Sammy after everything. "But now, onto business. You want something to eat?"
he asked himself while looking at the papers and maps in front of him. It was a suicide mission, especially if done alone, but he had no other choice. This creature had been killing left and right, breaking every possible trail and pattern it might have used. Once was a Mexican girl of 19, then an African American man of 66, a suburban soccer mom who drove a minivan. Nothing clicked, nothing made sense. The only thing they had in common was the weirdest markings left on the floor, next to where their corpses were found. They were scorched on the ground, shaped so that they resembled feathers on wings. No book or old papyrus had any input on what that might mean. And, since he could call no one, he did what he did best: planned a battle and prayed to whoever might’ve listened that he wasn’t going to die that day.
He wanted nothing more than having his Angel back and it was killing him to not see his smile.
So he always came back, needing a babysitter that was duty-bound for free, breaking down his walls, forcing him to rebuild them all one by one, thicker and higher, and ruining all the shots he could have at a normal life.
it didn't mean he wanted to still talk about it. Girls and Faggots only solved their problems talking, and he was neither.
The knowledge should have made him feel free, high, happy. Instead, it was terrifying, just the mere thought of admitting it all.
Some words of Castiel had bothered him profoundly, yet he could not understand which, and therefore could not apologise for those. The hunter had left their conversation in the vehicle abruptly and motioned him to follow inside the small red building. The large glass windows showed a clear view of the few humans inside, which were all doing the same activity with different variations of food.
And, indeed, there it was: “Why don’t I remember what happened in the Empty, unlike the last time?” Castiel asked, turning around expectantly towards him, his hands crossed over his sternum.
He had done it, did his first exorcism and managed to remain alive.
And Dean would never find the courage to confront him, never wanted to risk he stopped.
And so, he always kept on fighting, tooth and nail, giving his all and losing himself in the battles, making sure he always did the right thing and let the Light win.
he had once said, the empty bottle of liquor next to him revealing the truth that he’d always kept hidden. Dean had never confronted him about it, never brought it up in fear of his father’s reaction and to avoid the confirmation of his deepest nightmare.
“It’s in my best interests that I never see his pretty face, nor yours. Now, go! Take your fucking twink and get the fuck out of here!” they yelled, making another light appear out of nowhere, this time in a shape that vaguely resembled a doorway. Dean grabbed Cas’ right shoulder, momentarily stopping himself at the action when he remembered a similar gesture, mirrored, imprinted forever on his skin.
' after the only '
Not his forsaken father, not his manipulative siblings, not the sterile Heaven he had been forced to endure. Just the broken man that had been both his demise and salvation. The one he had rescued from Damnation and that had rescued him back.
For too long he had kept his silence, kept this secret until it became unspeakable, deeply rooted in him, an unwavering part of his being. And now it was over, useless, painful.
And Dean? He had always been the opposite, everyone he met would eventually walk away from him and never look back. Castiel was gonna do the same, no exception, because he was an Angel that was wearing a human skinsuit and that would have to go back to Heaven, cause apparently that was a real thing. Dean wasn’t delusional, he knew that a fun couple of days of work together didn’t make them friends.
He didn’t need the drink to function, unlike his father and the many adults he had met throughout his life, but it surely was a nice morning, or afternoon, judging by the clock signalling already 2pm, routine, especially when dealing with the supernatural. Especially when there was a very attractive man sitting near the edge of his bed that had caused all his blood to rush in the opposite direction he was supposed to go.
It was a habit that had gotten him through tough times, helping him stay grounded and away from his head, when the world seemed to fall down and shatter at his feet.
“Is this the meaning with which you arrived at the house?”
How many times had Dean dreamed of something like this, something so perfect and peaceful? And now that he had finally gotten this, he couldn’t believe his luck.
In the end, it didn’t hurt.
But his heroic and egoistic actions didn’t grant him immunity to the shitshow that, Dean was sure, was about to go down the moment he opened his mouth.
"Yeah, I get it. But do you
They could’ve been happy together.
After having cleaned up the mess they had created with the demon, they moved on to a diner close-by. Dean should’ve realized he was whipped the second the Angel had ordered a slice of pie with a passion that might’ve rivalled Dean’s.
With a wave of their hand, the image was gone, and Dean could only stare helplessly at them, unsure of what to say. Was the profound bond he and Castiel shared really powerful enough to do something that grand, in a place where magic didn’t work?
She seemed to be thinking about it, examining his face as if he was a lab experiment that had failed. He supposed that that wasn’t far from the truth.
Nor did anyone of us, really, ‘cause we left them unsupervised in the first place, so it is on us as well, right Dean?
It was such a stark contrast, between their first kiss and this, their last. The first one had been a natural act, as natural as breathing, it had been calm and collected and thought of. Castiel himself had dreamed of that moment countless of times, before it had finally happened, after one of their many nightly conversations, when they were both happy and comfortable in each other’s presence, even more so than usual.
And I think that the worst part was, that I couldn’t even comment on it! I had to tread lightly, to make assumptions in front of them, to try the ground before I planted the seed of doubt, that I knew what was happening with them. That I knew
He hadn’t planned on going that far. He definitely should’ve listened to his head, who was now chanting a string of strong curses.
And he would wake up the following day, pretending he wasn’t tired, tending to his family, as if nothing had ever happened.
That should’ve made our relationship complicated somehow, but thank fuck it didn’t. ‘Cause you’re my old man and I hate you, but I also would take a Lego to the foot for you. Although you would never let me, you’re that good of a guy.
We’re in Heaven, so I’m pretty sure it’s possible anyway!
“You can and you will.”
And so, he got Jack shotgunning and Miracle in the back seat, after a stern talk about how he didn’t want to see any barf back there, and they drove to the nearby lake. He finally got his chance at teaching his son how to hook a pole and how relaxing fishing could be, just like Bobby had done all those years prior with him.
him in the tiny space, just as Dean had intended.
And, Dean thought bitterly, it could only get worse.
"Relax, dude. I'm just fucked up in the head, that's all. Nothing to worry about."
He wanted to scream, but no sound came out. He wanted to cry, but his tears run dry. He wanted to die, but he knew he couldn’t.
Dean’s brain stopped working entirely. That was way too much for a first thing in a Thursday morning.
That zapped Dean out of his momentarily funk. "Hell no, hot wings. Besides, I think I'll be able to help you to track that thing down and kill it."
He closed his eyes, unable to keep on looking at her. This seemed to settle it then: he had no agency, he didn’t even need to think about a convincing lie for his father, since one had been placed on him from high above. A tear made his way down his cheek as he felt the invisible force release him.
,' where his mind would go on the road as faint music that was his and at the same time wasn’t played on the radio stations he grew up listening to. He would black out and drive without noticing the miles, it was a miracle that he didn’t crash into anyone or anything. That he didn’t run his car down a ditch or through a house that was just off a turn and that couldn’t be missed easily but that somehow he had missed anyway, too wrapped up in his fantasy.
There was the million-dollar question. He had dealt with one too many entities that did everything out of their own sick and twisted pleasure, for their own entertainment and amusement. How could he, a simple human being, be sure that he would walk away untouched, with his love in his arms, safe at last?
They laughed openly at his answer, as if in disbelief with his reaction. He doubted that anyone who had ever met him would be though, he did have a knack for self-sacrificing himself at any possible moment in time, even when he didn’t have anything to bargain. Of course he would destroy himself, for the prospect of his Angel’s safety.
And, of course, the bastard had refused their offer. It was too little too late, he had said, and then he just left them, continuing to play his ridiculous game, forcing them to look for another desperate solution.
So at odds with their previous fear.
“I suppose by your level of sarcasm that you are a hunter. By your weaponry as well," the angel said while slowly twisting the blade between his hands. The only thing Dean could do was weakly nod. He didn’t know why he was feeling like that, but it surely didn’t feel pleasant. It was almost as someone had punched him in the stomach and left him on the ground while his head spun. Completely unpleasant. He was also incredibly nervous by the careless way the angel was toying with his knife.
After all that he and Sam had done, they deserved a win. They deserved peace, they deserved to have a family. They had fought so hard and they had earned, only to have it all taken away in the span of a moment. And he knew that someone must have been listening, otherwise Cas’ entire work would have been pointless, and Dean wouldn’t allow that.
He wanted to throw himself at Cas, to hold him for eternity, never letting go. He wanted to punch him, for leaving and for not giving him the time to say those words back. He wanted so many things, but he was terrified as well.
And when they explained their deal, Castiel was overjoyed. He thought he had managed to fool the Empty, winning and bluffing in the way that he had seen Sam and Dean do countless times. He and Dean were already together and he had already experienced true happiness, experienced it every day when he got to sleep next to the love of his life. And he had Jack back, their family was united and complete and so utterly
handprint dried on the material.
Dean looked up at Jack, removing his eyes from Castiel’s unresponsive body for the first time since he brought him back. His kid was kneeling next to him and he probably would have noticed him, if he wasn’t so lost in his pitiful mind. He silently watched as he moved his hand, slowly, as if he was terrified of the possible outcomes. For someone who had all the powers in the entire Universe, Jack was still too young and inexperienced to have all that weight resting on his shoulders.
Because, of course that Son of a Bitch wouldn’t answer. Black Sabbath had warned them, didn’t they? God is dead and God never listens. Why would he?
Claire just shoved up with her own duffle already prepared in a Reputation hoodie when they were ready to leave. Neither she nor Dean spoke about it, silently agreeing on their itinerary.
And now, onto the pièce de résistance!
“It’s peculiar,” the Shadow said, not moving from their throne, simply looking down at him as if he was nothing but a noisy ant. He assumed the paragon was appropriate, all things considering. “I know so much about you, from all the memories I’ve absorbed throughout the years, it almost feels like we have met already.” They didn’t look malicious, but he had learnt from past experiences that just because a powerful supernatural entity didn’t look threatening, that didn’t mean they were friendly.
He tried desperately to blink his eyes, to avoid the tears that were threatening to spill, but his body couldn’t keep it in anymore.
"Yes, I did find your name though him,” she simply said, as if it was a matter of fact. She didn’t seem to have weapons on herself, but if his gut was to be believed that didn’t make her any less dangerous. As if able to listen to his mind, which her cold smile seemed to confirm, she just kept going on her own, without needing Dean to answer.
"I meant chick as in a girl, Cas!"
"Why? Walking is a waste of time and I have no idea of what '
One look at his glowing eyes made Dean fire, uncaring of the screams coming from Sam. He had the reason of all the pain in front of him, if he hadn’t decided to show up Mom would still be there with them, Cas would stand next to him with his stupid eyes open instead of laying in the cold dirt outside. It didn’t matter that he looked scared, cornered and naked and shaking. He was the reason Cas wasn’t waking up, the Son of the bastard that had stabbed his Angel in the back and left him there. And so he shot him, firing his gun and making the thing scream before he disappeared.
He never did care about any of that, after all, whenever he was around his Angel.
Still, Castiel kneeled on the hard ground of the bunker, letting the cold tiles take his warmth as he looked up at his beloved. He had feared that the gesture might have felt minimal, wrong,
He just bowed his head, swallowing down all his fears as he walked back to the bowl, ready to get his Angel back.
Fortunately for Dean, the angel seemed confused most by the words he used, rather than by their hidden meaning. "I have no idea who any of those people you just spoke about are," he said in a low tone. "But, and mine is a pure suggestion, would you like to keep on talking about the case?"
Because that was the only thing that was keeping him from jumping there, following Castiel into the peace. He couldn’t leave his little brother alone.
Dean had to admit that they made a very pretty picture and he almost wished he had his phone at hand, snapping on the camera to make the memory of their reactions last longer. If given the chance, he would have definitely commissioned a portrait of their faces, all worried about his safety.
“I don’t need sleep. I am used to pulling all-nighters so stop bothering me” he was quick to reply, turning once more to his books and picking up a pen and repeatedly clicking it, to make some of the nerves dissipate probably.
“Can’t make those kinds of promises”
Surely, something, anything could have come out of the pages.
And so, closing his eyes and taking a steadying breath, he let go of his most guarded secret.
There were terrible monsters, that stopped at nothing just to feed, just to hurt, and there were kind creatures that lived along with civility. Just like humans, they were complicated beings. During the years, he had learnt how to de-villainize them and he unlearnt his flawed knowledge that the world was only in black and white.
Slowly, he raised one to his mouth, eyeing the food the entire time, and took a careful bite out of it. He was instantly overpowered by the salt surrounding the crispy outer layer of the potato, while the inside was incredibly warm and soft. It almost felt like an out-of-body experience to Castiel, something he would have appreciated without a vessel. He was partially right: the different molecules that made the texture of the food, taken singularly, would have not brought him as much enjoyment as they did altogether.
There was always a voice in the back of his head that reminded him that his story was far from done, that he hadn’t earned his rest yet. There were still too many monsters to kill, supernatural entities to defeat. There was always a world to save from destruction.
So, ladies and gentlemen and everyone in between: here is my own rendition of the legendary hit ‘
, the overthinking that could easily become poisonous, spreading like mould and destroying his mind from the inside.
You know what, no. NO! I don’t wanna know. I only wanted to tell some embarrassing and sweet things to you and Cas, ‘cause you two finally got your heads out of your asses and it’s a very nice day, yet you managed to make me regret even getting up this morning!
“All of them?” he asked, panicking a little inside. He had thought that his work was done, for good, but it the Empty was now, well,
As if it might have worked.
. That should keep you wary for a while, do you agree?”
“It’s not like there was a Renaissance festival happening, nor any LARPing for the matter. Besides, we were on a hunt!” he defended himself, turning around to face her as the garage door slowly opened. No matter how many times he oiled and changed the gears that pulled it up, the damned thing was still slow, but Dean had gotten used to it during the years, having it as a kind of winding down moment from a drive, no matter how long or short.
“Straight to the point. Or should I say bi to it? I have to admit, human humour is amusing! Whatever. All I ask back, is to keep Castiel’s grace, for a couple of reasons. He will return to Earth as a human, with you, his beloved, while all the others will appear either in Hell or in Heaven or wherever, I don’t care about those anyway. They are all so loud and rude.”
“Heya Sammy!” he exclaimed, unsure of what to do. He knew that, if he got outside of the blood inscriptions on the floor or even messed them slightly, they would have to start all over, as Rowena had yelled at them multiple times to not get inside until everything was ready. And he also knew that now that he had grabbed the first ingredient, he couldn’t put it down without ruining his chances at the spell.
“You prophet shit now?” he asked too quickly for his own liking, trying to look anywhere but at Castiel, and staring intensely at the liquid in his glass like it might hold all the answers in the universe.
Yet it was different when he was the one terminating their life. Possessed or not, that was a life and soul under the skin, and it pained Castiel to no end to wound them, his Father’s precious and beautiful creatures.
Anyway. When I did receive the invitation to this event, I was flabbergasted. For you simpletons, it means that I was shocked. The mere thought of Cassie wanting me at his wedding surprised me, to say the least.
He did the next best thing, driving his car to the nearby town and entering an antique shop that was run by a changeling. He needed a reminder of his deal, a reminder of the life he had lost, and he bought a simple golden band, engraving it with tiny wards and seals, a testament to his love and adoration for the wonderful hunter that he was lucky enough to call his.
The hunter blushed bright red and once again Castiel could not detect the emotion behind such action.
Dean moved it aside and kneeled on the floor, beginning his work. He had never done something like that in his entire hunting career.
What…? Don’t fucking deny it, Dean, you never once told me or made me think you were bi. I thought you were homophobic for the longest time, you jerk!
He almost cried at the admission, but managed to keep his composure as he took a bottle for himself as well. It was really good, having Bobby tell him that he had done a good job. Not that he needed the reassurance, he knew Jack. But it was nice nevertheless.
The only thing missing from his paradise on Earth, now, was Cas.
“May I ask you a question?” Castiel spoke softly, gently, in a tone that Dean had rarely heard directed to him
Also, I needed to embarrass Dean by proxy, which was an added bonus. And trust me, old man, you wanna hide already, cause I read what Sam wrote for his ‘
As Castiel replied with a snort and a nice "We are warriors.
But it was, and his heart had never been fuller, happier. And so he ran, unable to stop the bubbling laughter that escaped his mouth at the thought of being with his Angel for eternity.
The house was tidy and cosy, and it definitely belonged to a while lady: cushions everywhere, ornamental ones that had no purpose at all other than being cute and aesthetic; self-help books and plants everywhere. Conveniently for them, there was a carpet on the entryway, a circular beige one that was hideous but still somehow managed to blend in with the atmosphere.
He had been on this case for more than two weeks and still couldn’t find a pattern. The ghost, if it could be called a ghost, was messy, moved from place to place, with no bones to be cremated or cursed object or anything. It reacted to salt and iron all right, although it didn’t disappear completely after being shot. It actually didn't disappear at all, bleed humanly in black goo and left the smell of rotten eggs everywhere it went. All weird crap, but in that job nothing was to be considered out of the ordinary.
But, instead, he merely continued his explanation.
Peace out, bitches!
' is." The angel's eyes were slightly getting darker and for a second Dean wondered if the actual sky was stirred in them.
“Neat, what’s your address on Earth?”
Dean supposed it might be merciful of them, to drag him away from Castiel’s imminent wrath.
And the Empty, they were the only justifiable ones. He had woken them up, he had caused them pain, and it was only fair for Castiel to bargain with his life for Jack’s.
Good thing you’re in therapy pal.
So, overall, despite the clear attractiveness of the angel, they had to conclude a job quickly and each leave to their own respective paths.
He could taste it in the air, the electricity that seemed to permeate the room as he took his bandaged hand and grasped the first ingredient of the process, eager to begin and get this over with at the same time.
“It’s so calm, not having him interrupt with all of his constant ‘
He was taken aback by that. “Why would I?” he asked, worry replacing the quiet happiness from his body. Did he misread the situation?
He had discovered it first-hand, when he was fourteen and in a vampire’s nest. He and his father had managed to escape just barely, but afterwards he would always remember the look on his father’s face as he had disrupted his perfectly studied murder plan.
If anything, the dark past that had miraculously left his heart intact, still bright and full of hope and love and kindness, made Castiel even more interested in the hunter. It could almost be compared to the constellation of freckles that adorned his skin and to Castiel, who could see both of Dean’s appearances, they were equally marvellous sights.
fixed
It was just what he needed, because, Dean reasoned, the moment he would let his guard down and his emotions out of his tight leash, he might actually explode. And, although he loved dearly every single person in that room, he wasn’t going to break down in front of any of them. Maybe with one exception, if he hadn’t already changed his mind.
was unbelievable. You name it, I’ve witnessed it.
Anyway, shit got real pretty fast after Cas appeared into our lives. My dad had burned his hand in boiling water as an act of faith in front of me, so I already thought he was pretty crazy, and then he left, all because of Castiel. And things went really downhill from there.
The hunter gave him another lazy smile, moving the gear stick to accommodate a different velocity, and simply said: "Then just chill and tell me all I need to know about this demon, will ya?"
And Cas just held him, leaning on him and holding on for dear life, reciprocating his embrace.
Dean paused a moment at the door. He had fallen into the routine of putting slippers and robe on before leaving his room, getting some modesty as he roamed the short distance between his room and the rest of the bunker before his first cup of coffee, a luxury he had never been able to afford before they moved into the bunker. It was very hard, getting the privacy he craved in crappy motel rooms with shared bathrooms.
Hello, I’m Jack!
begun to get hungry, that much was true, but he was also very much used to the feeling and had learnt to live with it, to push through it.
“Better get to work then,” he said, motioning to the small dining table that was filled with books and papers, pulling a chair out for Castiel to sit.
Perhaps Cas had been wrong, in his final moments, telling him that he wasn’t ruinous and destructive.
"I already told you, I do not need sustenance" Castiel scoffed, annoyed.
“This is the moment you delete my memories, right?”
He had tried not to think too much about which form they would have taken, once he would confront them. His sleep had been plagued with images of them wearing Castiel’s face, just to torment him. Or perhaps, they would choose one of the demons or angels he had killed in cold blood, taunting him with their cold and familiar faces.
He didn’t matter, as long as he could keep up his good work.
And, although now I know that none of it was Cas’ fault, for a big while I had never hated someone more than him, ‘cause he had taken away my family and my everything in one swift moment. I was a child and I didn’t even know what that word truly meant. The maximum knowledge of that feeling for me, back then, was when one of my classmates had broken my favourite pencil.
But his work was done now and he deserved his rest. He had done it all, lived past 30, killed Death, defeated God, Lucifer and everything in between. Hell, he had even killed Hitler! He
He had not had such things since he was four, John too busy to wait till he was comfortably awake to start ordering things from him. Usually, it was about taking care of breakfast or of Sam. He was always taking care of something, of someone that wasn't himself.
He leaned against the stool that was in front of him with both hands, holding onto the splintered and old wood for dear life, as his head spun around and as his vision blurred. How could have he been so stupid, to think that he could be worthy of the angel’s affections? What did he, a mindless, simple hunter who was fucked up in the head, could offer a celestial being who had seen everything, done everything? In which universe would he be enough?
He had to admit, though, that the hunter was also a good man and seemed at least discrete at his job. He had managed to track down the demon all by himself with relatively small knowledge and had also reacted fairly well at the new information that was delivered upon him. Based on previous knowledge, humans tended to ignore the supernatural, but even those who embraced it were shocked and surprised at the prospect of demons, when facing them for the first time.
"Lower black-eyed demon. Which
"Excuse me?! I've been on this case for over two weeks. I know most of what's there to know about this. Maybe we can collaborate and get that son of a bitch dead."
Adrenaline had taken hold of his body, the instinct of kicking-ass kicking in.
by Asia. The spin? It’s Dean and Cas, or as the kids call it, Destiel, edition! All of this is for the special joy of our very own best man, Sam Winchester.
Therefore, he continued on his speech, never letting his own eyes fall from Dean’s, memorizing over again all the lines that showed a life well lived, a human worth dying for.
“Yes, you are. Your heart rate went up to 120 beats a minute and you started to talk nonsense about female anatomy. I cannot understand the reason behind such stress.”
Jack practically launched at him, clinging at his back, warm and inviting.
he said, putting emphasis on his words by making the lights flicker a little as he spoke. If he didn't know better, Dean would've rushed to grab the salt from his bag. "You would most definitely need one, which I am not going to procure you and I am most certain you cannot retrieve one by yourself."
Only his mother had ever spoken to him like that. Sometimes Bobby did as well, when they stayed at his place while his father was working away.
They moved in tandem, exchanging breaths and small gasps. Somehow, his loosened tie was taken off his neck, his trench coat long forgotten on the floor next to them, alongside the Hunter’s jacket. They lost each other in the fluid motion of entwining, arms wrapping around Castiel’s neck to bring him closer, fingers digging in his hair as he was unable to process his own actions and sounds.
Dean turned around quickly, jumping to his feet and facing Bobby with real terror in his veins. All those unsaid words were burning his lungs and all of the
At least, Dean thought as he tried to wipe the excess petals and herbs that had fallen on the stool back in the bowl to discard them later, if he was to die anyway, he could go with a sliver of dignity left intact. Even if it was under false pretences. Especially then.
And, to Castiel, he was beautiful. After everything that he had gone through, that he had endured, that he had suffered, he was still beautiful. He was still Dean Winchester, the brightest and purest soul in Creation, the reason his fall was much more meaningful than Lucifer’s puny rebellion. The reason he’d endure torment willingly, knowing his hunter, his beloved, his
Well, that was until Claire had shoved her own phone in Dean’s face, text chat open to her contact for Garth and a video being delivered through the Wi-Fi of the bunker. “Too late,” she just said, faking innocence, “I already sent him a copy of the video.”
’ occupied his mind, sending him into a spiral. There he was, his best friend, the love of his life, his Angel.
But, for the first time since his world had ended, Dean didn’t feel the need to drown his dreams in alcohol, conscious that good things were about to happen indeed. The sight in front of him was proof enough of that, he reminded himself as he watched fondly Jack play with Miracle, his own heart swelling a tenfold with all the affection he felt threatening to spill out of his chest.
He hastily kicked the covers out of the way, hand hovering over the gun on his nightstand, refusing to hold it just yet. There might have been a small chance that his memory was simply hazy and foggy, that it was just Sam coming back from his ungodly run at the crack of dawn, if only it wasn’t for the fact that he clearly remembered Sam leaving the previous morning to go to Eileen’s and staying the night there. And, sure, he might have come back early, but his instincts told him otherwise.
Not that his son would have let him rot down there forever, Dean like to think that he had raised the kid better than that. He was sure he would have pulled a page from Castiel’s book, if they came down to it.
A hand did lay on his cheek, but it wasn’t followed by the usual stinging of pain. The taste of blood didn’t overpower his mouth and his entire face didn’t lit up on fire, strangely. Instead, the touch was tender and heart-breaking, the hand was caressing him and wiping away at the tears that were still springing from his closed eyes.
