Sherlock nodded. Over the years he’d come to know just how bothered John was by such cases. Abused children, addicted or otherwise troubled parents, having to call for the social worker. Once Rosie was born, his every nightmare had shifted from the scarred and bloodied children of war to the battered and bashed ones in his exam room. Flashbacks, all the same.
“Ouch! Hey!” he protested, and pushed Sherlock gently away with the tips of his fingers. “You’re right, though. Back to reality on Monday.” He sighed.
Ms Shea took the lead. “First of all, I want you to know how much I enjoy having Rosamund in my classroom. She is a diligent worker, very generous with friends, always curious and eager to learn. Here are some things we worked on yesterday.” She slid two sheets toward them, one with maths fill-in-the-blanks—early training for algebraic equations, Sherlock realised—and another with the preprinted title “I partner-read with” beneath which Rosie had written two classmates’ names, and with a summary sentence she’d written across the bottom on two printed lines:
“And you.”
“I’ve something for you,” he said, and got to his feet to fish the book from his pocket.
SH: My life is an open book.
, thought to instead say,
“In that case, good luck to him, rooming with Sherlock Holmes,” John grinned.
“It also needs wind and pollinators,” she said. “With only water and sunlight it will grow, but it can’t make usable seeds on its own.”
Sherlock showed his palms. “Watson asked me about her biological mother, and I employed the metaphor of a wolf in sheep’s clothing. Perhaps it confused her; I did try to clarify.”
“Yes. Everything is fine, John. She’s getting good care.”
“I don’t know.”
Footsteps overhead, the creaking of old floors. He didn’t think, didn’t talk himself out of it. Pulled the quilt off the bed as he went, feet into slippers, wrapped himself and went upstairs.
“At one point you quite vehemently said the situation had become intolerable, and then when he cut off your access to the child and you contacted the firm to which I referred you—”
“I know just the wine for it,” Sherlock told him, and John dragged his bag off the carousel. They pawed at each other, below the level of the hire-driver’s rearview, all the way back to the flat.
“Hello! I like your dog!”
Mags: So if we want to know what you had for lunch. . .?
John took the offered biro and scribbled his signature where indicated. The package was smallish, but weighty. Addressed to Sherlock, who could have signed himself.
Sherlock felt a bit weak-kneed; it was a delightful shock not to be offered a drink, small talk, fake friendship. He glanced around. “Where do you usually have them?”
At the appointed time, a smiling young man summoned, “Rosamund W,” and lead the three of them down a short corridor to a conference room, where they were greeted by a woman in a smart outfit and statement necklace, who introduced herself as Constance Arthur, the district judge. She invited them to take seats at the table, where the clerk who’d brought them had placed a green folder and three pens. In the center of the table was a tray with plastic glassware and small, sealed bottles of water; a spike-leaved plant Sherlock immediately picked out as an imitation, though admittedly a good one; and a square, pink paper bag with yellow tissue overspilling its top.
John put aside self-recrimination to attend to his daughter’s distress. “We were at his flat just last week, remember?”
Sherlock took a breath and held it a moment before quick-sighing, “Rosie, mostly,” he said, and it was jarring every time he didn’t call her
“Really?”
“Human trafficking? You hate those.”
Sherlock let go a mild laugh. “Not to him. His job depends on us winning, not on appeasing me.” He swallowed down the last of the wine and set the bottle on the table with a dull thud. “Naturally, I’d prefer everyone’s job depend on appeasing me; that would be ideal.”
The front door rattled and opened, and Sherlock had more shopping bags, kicked the door shut behind him. John called a hello.
SH: I forced John to move into my flat by attrition.
Sherlock was stung with panic at the path of destruction in John’s words—threatening to take Watson away from him, for good, and without the safety of legalities to the contrary he absolutely could—but puzzled by John’s logic, his assertion that ‘they’ would take her. Sherlock felt his eyebrows knit into question marks.
Rosie was on the climbing structure with her local-to-Sherlock friends—the final hurrah of her extended time with him during Christmas holidays before John reclaimed her—and Sherlock and John stood at angles to each other, rubbing their hands together against the chill.
“I haven’t got one because I
And as for the paperwork, there was nothing for it. He was Rosie’s only legal parent, must always be the one to sign whatever agreement he was presented, promising not to sue in the event grievous bodily harm came to his child. Seven years of being primary signatory—
Sherlock shifted his gaze from his hands--slipping the pin between the stems and the twine, into and out of the fabric of John’s shirt, then catching the twine again-- to meet John’s eyes, and favoured John with one of his genuine smiles, a pretty upward perk of the corners of his lips. He went quickly back to his work.
Another hungry kiss, and Sherlock’s prick was already straining against the front placket of his trousers, and their breath came hotter, and John scraped teeth against Sherlock’s jaw before rolling away to make room to undress. As he opened all the too-many buttons of his own suit and shirt, John stood by the edge of the bed, staring possessively as Sherlock ran his hands down his chest, adjusted his erection—which only made it worse—or better—aching more—flooding hot—and John hummed encouragement enough that Sherlock opened the zip and the hook, pressing the edges of the fabric back and drawing out just his cock from inside.
John’s hair was disarranged to an alarming degree, for the wind was howling a warning that fair autumn was crashing into frantic winter, with no more hope of reprieve. Sherlock’s hands, clasped behind his back, itched to reach for him and smooth him back into place.
John was trying to shake him out of his funk, without being obnoxious or cruel. He was as wise as he was kind. Not to mention that he was nude, gorgeous, allowing Sherlock to tangle their limbs and invade his space. If Sherlock had perhaps never felt much of what other people told him happiness felt like, he reckoned he might just then have come as close as ever he had. Sherlock caressed John’s forearm, lifted John’s hand to his lips and kissed the backs of his fingers.
“I miss your hands on me. Here. Yes, that. That’s
“God, can we not just stay?” John sighed, setting down his coffee cup and reaching for the pot to refill it. “The real world just doesn’t measure up.”
Sherlock grinned, then shifted close to kiss him now he’d caught his breath.
Mags: I’m curious about how the team reacted, and if their reactions changed from that first night or the few days after, over time.
“He wanted to put those filthy hands all over you, I could see it from yards away. Put them through your hair and muss it—”
“No. I only got up before breakfast and then got dressed and came here. I haven’t been awake all day yet!” She gave him an intense look that implied he was asking a very silly question indeed.
“Thanks,” John said. “What did you think I was going to say?”
“Don’t look so disbelieving, my own,” he murmured. “If I could, I would give you the world.”
“Shh.”
Sherlock went into the bedroom, slid open the lowest drawer in the wardrobe and withdrew blankets and pillow folded together specifically for the purpose, carried them out to the sofa, a silent acknowledgement that of course John was correct. But that shouldn’t stop him staying, when it was by then so late. Sherlock heard a familiar creak as John sat on the edge of Rosie’s bed, probably clearing a messy tangle of blonde hair away from her face, or stroking the soft back of her hand. Sherlock undressed, killed the light and slid between cold bed sheets with a mild shiver. He left the bedroom door open, because even though John was correct, it shouldn’t automatically stop him from crossing the old, familiar threshold, when it was what they both had by then said they wanted.
“We went shopping for new bed sheets,” John prompted, still piecing it all together, Sherlock’s quirky wooing of him over the course of 24 days.
“It’s fine.” Sherlock smiled again, in a much less off-putting way.
They’d reached the door to the theatre and so had to end their conversation.
“I thought you said I wouldn’t even have to talk.”
“OK then,” Rosie agreed, and let herself be soundly kissed on the cheek before she peeled away, sprinting, folding herself back into the group of friends piled on a wide saucer-shaped swing, trying to sync up their momentum to get it going.
“Just doing my job. They got a couple past me.”
John ran a hand up between his thighs, slid the flat of his fingers in and out between them just below Sherlock’s bum, intimating what he wished to do next. Sherlock met his own eyes reflected in the picture’s glass, and the skin of his scalp and arms crawled with memory, which would never do.
As he tucked the hand towel back onto the bar beside the sink, Sherlock looked into his own eyes reflected in the mirror. He breathed in. Breathed out. Softened his jaw, which he’d been clenching, probably for a long while given the shock of feeling it suddenly loosen. He reminded himself that everything was as it should be, but was bothered by another thing he’d been hearing ring around in his head for weeks, though it seemed to come from nowhere and relate to nothing—that everything happens so fast.
“Is none at all enough for you, Cheeky?”
John thought this over.
, John acquiesced, but only to put an end to the discussion. He did not want to be friends with Sherlock. He never had. Friends went to pubs and talked about nothing important.
“I’ll talk to her tonight.” It was John’s day to pick her up from school, his day off from clinic work.
Avenue. So think it over. You have my number. I can come to you now and then; I travel a lot anyway.”
—over you.”
John inhaled as deeply and slowly as he could manage, and exhaled low and slow, rather than gusting and drawing the attention of the other parents and caregivers arriving here and there in the schoolyard.
“Hm? No. Thanks. Don’t want to bother you.”
“I get it. I’ve seen you. I’m not worried. Let’s just try to shrug off the past and move forward, all right?”
. Feeling annoyed by what he still felt was a false distinction, but not wanting to be forced to discuss it further, John backspaced to correct himself.
“Let me have just this one, my darling, won’t you? Turn out the light.”
The bartender set down their rocks glasses and Sherlock passed one to John. “However do you find eager party boys to shag, in that case?”
The counter-girl at Speedy’s wore a head scarf but wished him a happy Christmas. He smiled as he received the over-priced coffee across the counter, gripping his cane in the other hand as he turned to go.
“Well you know you should; you’re only going to be feeling worse tomorrow if you don’t keep your muscles warm.”
John let go an incredulous laugh. “It’s better than just about anything I’ve ever put in my mouth.”
Mary. I know she didn’t love me; it’s all right. But she gave me Rosie. In the whole, insane mess—Amy Gail Ross-Alan, Moriarty, whoever else she was—almost losing you again—for good—feeling completely stupid and utterly humiliated. . .Having to play at Happy Families to keep her from knowing we were onto her when what I really wanted to do was choke her with my bare hands.”
“Five wins in five starts for you, then?”
Sherlock entertained a momentary impulse to throw himself on the children’s party grenade, but ultimately couldn’t bring himself to; he’d barely tolerated the parties John had arranged for Rosie’s own birthdays. The ballet school meeting might have been manageable—he and Rosie could give each other ink tattoos on their knuckles and forearms to pass the time—but if there were waivers and guarantees to sign, it was true John must do it. And there was flexibility in their arrangement just for things like this, and for John’s clinic hours changing, and for those times Sherlock was tied up on a case. But his three nights (including one precious weekend day) had just been sloughed down to one, without discussion, without even the courtesy of apologies or solicitation of his agreement. And so in the end it felt really rather not-all-right, and he wanted to protest. But without any real standing to do so, beneficiary as he was of John’s generosity, he had no choice but to leave it as was and carry on.
“Just—”
“Oh, yes, now I remember.”
“Another time, then,” Sherlock replied. John’s hand cupped his arse, flats of his fingers curving downward.
dad,” Sherlock had never asserted himself as Rosie’s other parent, never claimed her.  Sherlock had changed the nappies and learned from online videos how to plait her hair, trained himself to check in with her needs—and meet them—at regular intervals, ran her ragged at the park when her seemingly endless energy needed draining, and sat long hours bored and exhausted on the edge of her sickbed. But he’d never really made her his. He had never even asked.
There was a grumbling response not really meant for him to hear, exasperation and disgust evident in George’s tone despite the indecipherability of his words.
“My concern with this, as far as Rosamund’s recent behaviour, is that I must remind her pretty often that her classmates have different tolerance levels for frightening ideas and images. She seems to enjoy telling stories that can be scary to those children who are a bit more sensitive, and needs repeated direction to stop, and perhaps choose another activity.”
The way the window-pane shadows crossed the ceiling, John could let his eyes un-focus and see a map of Hellmand, and he thought about the war—not the war itself, but the eerily normal in-between. A quiet morning that afforded him the luxury of sending a subordinate with time on his hands to fetch John a coffee and a maple doughnut from the Tim Hortons at the end of the world. Treadmill runs in the gym; the best-of-the-best equipment seeming incongruous; they suffered heatstroke and frequently lost limbs, but in some very strange and specific ways were spoiled. Photos and video snippets of spouses, children—some newly born and not yet met—dogs and cats and shiny sports cars, eagerly shared with John though he had none of his own to offer. How every child had looked the same to him, but how each was thought of as by her parent as the loveliest one alive, and so John would lie and say,
“Smith-Burgess,” Sherlock told him. “East 23
“Fine. She started asking if she could go to sleep well before dinner.”
“No doubt because it was I who would pay him,” he offered in reply to John’s non sequitur. John humphed a sour laugh.
“I don’t want it to end,” Sherlock said, and met John’s gaze, which was affectionate and inquiring. John cut a pointed glance toward Sherlock’s hand on the tabletop.
“What’s this, now?” John asked, and peripherally Sherlock saw him turning in his seat but refused to meet John’s gaze; he was in no mood to be confronted in front of a social worker and a psychologist.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock shrugged back at him. “Anyway, why bring it up if you’re so fiercely opposed? Now it’s in the air.” He fanned his hand frantically in front of him. “Can’t ignore it.”
he texted.
They both devolved into moaning, half-views and bad angles of each others’ faces enough to urge them on. Watching John bite his lips, hearing him hum and groan, was nearly as arousing to Sherlock as seeing him stroke himself, his intense expressions and rising vocal tones a soundtrack Sherlock could easily produce a mental-movie to match. John opened his eyes, and they shared a desperate smile for an instant before Sherlock let his own eyes fall shut, just listening to John’s
Another hard kiss; John had forgiven his blunder but still wanted to punish him—Sherlock could sense the barely-checked aggression in his every move, the descending notes in his voice. “We shouldn’t.”
Sherlock nodded definitively, knew precisely how to lead this particular dance. He got to his feet and shed his dressing gown, adjusted his shirt cuffs. “Not at all dangerous,” he assured, and he was not lying. He was sure the tech-thief was a woeful amateur, no secret agent carrying ultra-fine syringes or radioactive business cards. It was only a matter of timing. He found his jacket draped over the arm of the sofa, unfolded it and shook it out before slipping his arms in the sleeves. “Like to come along, then?”
“John, I need your help.”
“Very funny. I’m serious. You need a brain-break.”
“I’m so seldom in London that when I am, I have many people to see,” Sherlock told her. In fact, just then his in-box was rafters-packed with CRUZR messages from men who’d be all too glad to utterly debase themselves for the chance to see him, though his mother did not need to know he wasn’t referring to reunions with childhood chums—of which he had none in any event, nor cared to.
He tried the knob of George’s bedroom and found it unlocked.
Sherlock nodded, hands in his pockets, one tapping itchily at the cigarette packet within it. He dared to venture, “Are you free? Coffee?”
John stirred the contents of the basket, searching.
“I can’t breathe, I can’t breathe. Oh, god, they’ve killed me.”
Sherlock could find no fault.
“Stay right there; I’ve got to get a picture!”
“Have you any need for the bathroom facilities?”
“I’ll finish it tonight,” the man said, dismissively, without looking at him. He stretched out his hand and John turned up his palm to catch the offered box of matches. “Thanks for that.”
John thought a moment about how to talk about casework without giving them away as Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, yes, the ones in the papers.
“Shall I read?”
“What’s this, then?” he asked, taking it from her and examining it carefully. The drawing appeared to be of a tall person wearing ear muffs and holding a cigarette lighter, and another, smaller person with long, pink hair with a speech bubble barely containing the phrase,
Sherlock shook his head, traced the shape of John’s pectoral muscles, then began lazily picking apart his shirt buttons. His man was so gorgeous, so brilliant and talented, that  twenty-three thousand people had spent the evening applauding him. Screaming. Sherlock didn’t blame them a bit.
“I’m a problem,” Sherlock asserted. “I’m weird. Demanding. Not great at communicating.”
There was no immediate reply, and as much to end the silence as for any other motive, John texted,
Half off his feet, his shirttails irritatingly tickling his thighs, both their belt buckles rattling, Sherlock dipped his fingertips between Steven’s, to tickle and pinch the crown of his own cock while they pulled together and Steven bucked up faster and harder behind him. Sherlock’s orgasm was a sudden shock to his system, as quick and forceful as the whole encounter had been, and Steven maneuvered his hand to catch what he could, then jammed his fingers into his mouth, licking and sucking, and Sherlock watched his reflection in the mirror—sweat at his temples, shirt collar unbuttoned, necktie loosened, sucking Sherlock’s cum off his fingers and coming, his eyes rolling back before he closed them. His spunk was hot and fluid-thin, flooding the space between Sherlock’s arse-cheeks, and sliding down toward the inside of his thigh. Steven’s fingers at his hip would surely leave bruises.
They said it was OK for us to tell you that.
A lifted eyebrow conveyed Sherlock’s amusement. Once both glasses were poured and the waitstaff moved away from the table, Sherlock sampled the wine, then relished a few long moments letting John twist a bit.
, that’s it. . .don’t stop.”
Still, every night the bed was too warm and the room was too cold, and John was not there, or was there and breathing loudly, or there and—as at the present moment—distractingly silent. Sherlock could hear his own pulse in his temple when he lay on his side, feel it in the pad of his finger when he lay on his back. Louder still was the sound of pills and cocaine and god-knew-what-else in the bottom of Alex George’s shave bag, generally no more than two rooms away.  The nagging rattle of it—an itch in his ear and at the inside of his elbow—was a too-constant, muffled buzz in the distant back of his mind, which occasionally crescendoed, fell away once more to barely audible irritation, but never truly subsided.
And talking of architecture: Steven.
Once he’d flushed his wounds with saline, standing naked from the waist-down in the bathtub, he applied antibiotic cream and wrapped one knee in gauze, then splinted it with a rubberised sleeve. He dry-swallowed pain relievers from the medicine chest, finished undressing, and dropped himself on his bed. A navy-blue cashmere throw lay across the lower corner of the mattress, which he unfurled and draped over the body going soft where it had once been taut, his thighs narrower now, and slack, all of which he preferred not to see.
“I have Rose,” John said as simply as if that was a satisfactory excuse.
Sherlock tapped the edge of his fingernail rapidly against the rim of his saucer. When Mrs Holmes turned away from them, John reached out a hand to quiet Sherlock’s fidget.
Raynham played along. “I don’t know; all guys look the same to me.” He thumped Sherlock on the shoulder pad. “Just. . .you see what I’m saying? Maybe you need to work on some physical therapy or—have you had your eyes checked lately? Peripheral vision?”
“Do you dance?” Sherlock asked pointedly, and shot John a teasing glance. John let go a light laugh.
“No. I don’t remember ever going in that shop.” His throat ached. Now that she’d moved on to yet another random topic, maybe he could swallow the lump and all the feelings it contained—steady on, Watson, no time to fall apart—even if only long enough to get her settled at dance class and excuse himself to walk out for some air.
“Ah, light bulb,” John said, inexplicably fumphering. “My uh,” he threw a thumb over his right shoulder to indicate his flat downstairs. “Lamp. Wondered if you have a light bulb I can borrow. Or. Have.” He cleared his throat again. “I suppose.”
“Awesome. Dude, Dad would be so proud of you. Mum, too.”
Rosie moaned, and John turned to her, stroked her cheek. “Poor you. I’m going to make sure they get you feeling better quickly so we can go home to your own bed.”
the reason you haven’t been answering my texts. Emails. Calls.”
“Don’t waste time thinking it matters even the tiniest bit what my family thinks of you,” Sherlock insisted, even as he obeyed John’s command and opened the wardrobe to frown at his clothes. “It’s they who should worry what we think of them.”
Back outside, John began folding the papers to slide into his coat pocket, paused at the drawing. “Mind if I keep this one?” he asked. “I actually kind of like it.”
Searching for him in the darkness, John nuzzled up without interfering, his whisper sleep-rough and his exhalations irritating.
“I do,” Jordan replied, eyebrows raised. Sherlock got to his feet.
“Could it be Tiger
Jordan looked amused, perhaps regretful but it was hard to say. “Maybe,” he allowed, half-laughing.
“I had a bracelet made for my mother, when she turned sixty; found the jeweler through word of mouth among
Sherlock knew this was as likely a response as any; probably more likely than something more compassionate. He offered, “It’s easy to find a meeting. Perhaps a good place to start.”
Sleepily, with some effort evident in it, John said, “I’ll come.”
“I think it’s best we go back as we were, before all this. . .” He juggled words in both hands, caught one. “Complication. Keep it about Rose, split the time, try to keep it regular. It’s best for her.” John pinned him with a look. Sad. Decisive. “We’re not getting back together. So let’s just. . .”
John tried desperately to calm himself as he walked to Rose’s school. Even so, he nearly double-timed, arriving with over twenty spare minutes to kill before she was dismissed from class. He found a seat on the platform of a climbing structure in the school yard, breath sharp in his side from his rush, and took out his phone to text his therapist.
Turning the key in the lock still felt like breaking into a stranger’s house—the pale blue door and the stack of buzzer-buttons with strange names beside them, the numbered post boxes and flickering overhead light—a sense of wrongness that was only amplified by the fact of going in alone. Being parted from Rosie for days and nights at a time left John with phantom-limb syndrome—frequent, frantic moments of panic before he remembered where she was. Safe and sound at the place he knew she still thought of as home. This strange-smelling place with its filmy window curtains was her home now, too, but despite John’s attempts to convince at least himself of its long-term if not permanent status, he could see that for Rosie it was merely a placeholder: a life-size diorama of a home, not the real thing.
“Mm. Sir Paul’s manuscripts.” He switched easily into a stout, eastern European accent. “Posing as a wealthy collector, trying to find the right connections to place bids in a black market auction.”
“Am I sheep or a wolf? I want to be a cute, cute lamb.” They were at the edge of the school grounds, children and parents all converging in the bright hubbub of Monday morning; soon enough he would lose Rosie’s attention entirely, when she spotted a pal or made a break for the playground.
“I’ve a rather pressing need for fire.”
“I can work with that.”
Once Sherlock regained his senses—a difficult task as he was positively stupid with endorphins and felt as if his body was fire reduced to embers, still smouldering—he gripped John’s gorgeous thick cock in one hand and sank his mouth down on it, tease-sucking on each pull, twisting his neck to slide his tongue over as much of John’s skin as he could manage. John’s fingers digging into his thighs were a welcome irritation, and John’s own thighs began to shiver and didn’t stop until he’d shouted himself hoarse riding out his orgasm, Sherlock licking up the shaft of his cock so his spunk pumped out to ooze over Sherlock’s cheek and chin. Sherlock was grateful for the intimacy of it, and shuddered with orgasmic aftershock at the thrill of its filth.
Sherlock’s relief radiated through his chest, followed quickly by a wash of happy pride. “Of course they are,” he said decisively, reaching for John’s phone, which he presumed must display an email from the Hamilton Thrashers’ head office. He scanned the screen: an invitation for John to attend a ceremony in his honour before a Thrashers game in mid-November.
John rose from the chair and went rather automatically with his empty glass to the sink, where he turned on the cold tap before he remembered he was a guest. “Oh, do you mind. . .?”
“She refused it. Then started talking nonsense, so I brought her here. It’s what you’d have done.”
Sherlock grunted a laugh. “John’s a rather good buffer. It’s a relief to have him.”
“I might do, in your place,” John shrugged, but he was grinning. His forehead smoothed somewhat from its tight-knotted frown. “After a rainy weekend like we’ve just been through.”
John raised his shoulders in a shrug but didn’t let them down again. “As good as any bloke who sort of hates it,” he allowed.
“Not bad at all,” Sherlock replied. “Well deserved.” Sherlock had one hand resting on the back of John’s shoulder, a sort of embrace, not just to accommodate hearing each other. He glanced up and saw the two of them displayed on the scoreboard. “I think we’re on the kiss cam,” he joked, and pointed, tipping his head to draw John’s attention.
“Never.”
She nodded her blonde head vigorously, which only served to emphasise the fact of her hair growing straighter and darker with each passing season. Sherlock felt something like disappointment about this change in her, though he could not properly explain why he should feel anything about it other than interested. He’d spent the past seven years observing continual changes in everything about her except the smell of her neck, requiring him to form a new set of deductions daily—sometimes every few hours. Lately he wondered what interim transformations he had missed at the in-between times, and the wondering was edged in lavender-grey.
“What the fuck is—nevermind. Thanks, I’ll have a look.” John leaned down, one hand at each side of Sherlock’s shoulders, and kissed him on the forehead through some of his fringe. “Nice to see you this morning, by the way.”
“Madeline. Mercer.”
to her page, she counted. “That’s six. Oh, Granny Hudson goes on here.” She drew lines upward from
“Five years clean,” Sherlock reminded. “Vezina trophy. Stanley Cup.”
“Tears of relief when I can walk out of a barely-controlled children’s riot,” John affirmed. “It was honestly the worst thing I’ve had to do in ages.”
John subscribed to an app that allowed him to meet virtually with a therapist, via text message. They had two scheduled, forty-minute chats per week, and she made herself available for check-ins and follow-ups in between. So far John had explained what had brought him to her: that he had been with a male partner on and off for about ten years, the last seven raising his daughter together, and that he wanted to be sure he was handling the changes in the best way for her. He’d tried to be fair to them both when summarising the break-up, but knew in the end he’d put nearly all the blame on Sherlock and spared precious little for himself. He explained their visitation arrangement, which amounted to shared custody with Rosie’s time split evenly between their two homes. When the therapist had asked if the child’s mother had any part in her life, John had left it at, “None,” and she didn’t press for details. Most people reckoned the total absence of a mother from a child’s life implied horrors better left out of polite conversation, or assumed that he and Sherlock had adopted Rosie together. He imagined the therapist, who was called Denise, likely fell into one of these two camps.
"Hello to you to Inspector. He's going to be fine. They need to take out his kidney. In his youth he stupidly decided to donate his other one, presumably for the greater good and not something even remotely interesting, like science, so he'll be needing one of mine."
"I'm being serious John. This, this isn't just some experiment."
Instead of an answer, Sherlock winces as John touches the burn, trying to feel how hot it is. He sighs, then turns the tap on, forcing out as much cold water as he can. He meets Sherlock's eyes before tugging on his arm, forcing the burn under the near freezing water. Sherlock lets out a small yelp and tries to pull away, but John's grip on his arm is hard as hell. John takes his distraction as the time to press the more important question.
John laughs at this, shaking his head.
"Was it some new science equipment? But then, why not just use your card? No, you must think I won't like it very much."
When he gets to John's room his heart falls, seeing John is already awake. Surely it's a good sign that he is quite alert, but he had woken and Sherlock hadn't been there and he'd been alone. He steps inside tentatively, and John smiles when he notices Sherlock standing there, motions for him to come sit next to him. Sherlock runs his eyes over John, making sure he's all right, as he tries to hide the wince when he sits. If John notices, he doesn't let on.
He shifts so he is facing John more properly, sitting up straight so he can reach into his pocket when the need arises. John hardly notices the movement, and Sherlock is careful to remain calm, knowing John would sense his tension immediately. He doesn't want to ruin the moment by being a stress case.
When Sherlock speaks, it's hardly audible. "I haven't."
Sherlock pulls the ring out and slides it onto John's finger, where it fits perfectly. He brings John's hand to his lips, pressing a soft kiss to the spot where the cool metal meets his soft skin. Then he takes John's face in both hands, gently as to not upset the bandaging on his right, and kisses him softly on the lips.
Sherlock looks thoughtful at this, and John turns his attention back to his hand. Luckily it's his right hand, so he won't have to try and dissuade Sherlock from playing the violin for a week or two. He knows it would probably be best if Sherlock didn't play the violin with his hand bandaged, but he was willing to compromise because it was his bow hand. He knows exactly what a pain it is to ban Sherlock from playing his violin because of an injury. 'It's just flesh John, it shall heal either way, but it won't matter if I die of boredom before then' he'd probably say. Last time it had been a broken arm, and though he could hardly move his fingers to play the notes, he was insistent.
"Lie to me and tell me you donated your kidney for some interesting reason, like science. Tell me they said if you gave them your kidney they'd make the first real human clone from it or something."
John's face shifts into confusion for a moment before it softens.
Sherlock's tone is playful, but it touches something in John's soul.
"What kind of complication?"
"It's going to take a lot more than a small bullet to take me out. Tried that twice already, failed miserably both times because you were there to save me."
"Yes, of course."
"It seems he donated it, long ago. His medical files indicate the procedure occurred sometime while he was still in medical school."
The voice, quite unmistakable, comes from behind Greg just before his hand settles on the doorknob. He sighs and rolls his eyes, then turns to find Mycroft is sitting in one of the plastic hospital chairs just across the hall. Mycroft gets up and makes his way over to him, glancing through the window in the door, hovering just a bit to much into Greg's personal space. Apparently Sherlock's lack of boundaries was, in fact, genetic. He found it less undesirable than he would have guessed.
"Sherlock, darling, are you alright?"
It's slow at first, when their lips connect, John's hesitance showing just a little. It takes only a half second before Sherlock brings his own hand up to tangle in John's short hair. He kisses back softly, letting a small sigh escape his lips as he drags John even closer. John stills when he feels tears slip down Sherlock's cheek to hit his thumb where it rests along his jaw. He pulls back a little, meeting Sherlock's brilliant eyes, which are full of tears.
In the time it takes the nurse to come, he's assessed the small incision on his side (only hurts a little), the tubes he's been hooked to (pain medication and fluids), and the time of day (nearly morning). He's determined that he needn't be hooked to all these things, and so when the nurse tells him they have simply put Doctor Watson in another room he doesn't spare the energy to lecture her on why they shouldn't have done that, and instead simply begins removing the needles from his arm, snapping at her when she tries to stop him that he will be going to see John at once so unless he will die immediately upon removing the tubes please piss off. She looks startled, nods once, and walks away.
"And you needed a reason for him to let you in, which is why you refused to let Anthea pick it up for him."
With that, Mycroft gets up, glancing once into the room before walking away, leaving Greg to wonder what he had even been doing there the whole time if not to talk to Sherlock. His mental questioning is interrupted, of course, by Sherlock dramatically flinging the door open and demanding the files he had brought with him, and the moment is gone.
Sherlock plays his violin for John with frequency, removing his IV despite protests from John to better position the instrument on his shoulder. He closes the door and stands at the foot of the bed, eyes closed, playing every song he knows John likes. This is John's favorite, of course, but not just because of how beautiful the music is. When Sherlock plays, he gets so entirely lost in the music that it is really the only time John has to just watch him openly. He looks so elegant as he moves unconsciously with the music, his whole body swaying from side to side with the crescendos, as if he's become one with the violin. He plays with his shirt sleeves rolled up, and John can see the muscles in his pale white forearms as he moves the bow across the strings. He always takes his jacket off to play, so John can see just how fitted his shirt is, outlining all of the muscles in his back. He looks utterly otherworldly when he plays, as if he should have a halo around his head or something.
Sherlock is secretly grateful that John doesn't suggest drugs. He's been clean for years now, but at the beginning he could always see the doubt in John's eyes. That seems to have faded quite well with time.
The man looks flustered for a minute, than orders the necessary round of tests on Sherlock. While he waits, Sherlock pulls out his mobile. It rings twice before Mycroft picks up.
He hangs up and composes one single text, to his brother.
His tone is slightly annoyed, but so full of endearment that it's almost painful to hear. Sherlock stretches his arm out and takes John's hand in his, afraid to meet John's eyes.
John's breath catches, and now he looks close to tears as well. He pushes so he is flush against Sherlock, capturing his mouth once again. Sherlock's lips are salty from his tears, and John can feel his own start to mix in as well. When he pulls back he is sure he has the biggest grin on his face, but he can't help it when Sherlock is looking at him like he hung the stars.
John puzzles at this. Sherlock never speaks of the mental implications of anything. What on Earth had gotten into him?
Sherlock wonders for a half a moment if this was another silly dull thing he'd chosen to delete, but no, he was quite certain that people had two kidneys. He'd cut up enough dead people to know that much at least.
John hadn't even thought of that, and he felt touched that Mycroft would have wanted to check on him, though he suspects it wasn't only him Mycroft had wanted to check on. Still, John couldn't help but smile, because Sherlock had thought it important that John realize he was cared for.
"He's right," Sherlock says to John once he's left, "I wouldn't have allowed anyone else to touch it. But that's not why he came, I hadn't even asked for my violin. He wanted to come see you, but he felt he needed an excuse. Can't show sentiment or anything, you know."
"Yes, well, Lestrade does like to keep you out of jail, and he isn't a fan of you roughing up suspects more than necessary."
"Alright so take it out and get him a new one. Or better yet, run the tests on me, he can have one of mine if he needs. And if I'm not a match, I can have someone who is here within the hour."
Sherlock's voice is grave when he answers. "They got him. Locked him up before I could get to him and give him his."
No government intervention necessary. Mine will do just fine- SH
"I'll need you to stop by Baker Street in the morning, Mrs. Hudson will be positively a wreck when she learns we didn't come home last night and I don't know when I'll be able to phone her, wouldn't want to wake her now. Tell her only what you must, and nothing about the crime scene, it will just upset her. And tell her I will phone when I'm done here."
"Ah, I should have guessed. My money was on experiment, of course, but it seems I've gotten it all wrong again."
"And now you have my proof as well. This, you, this is it for me. This is all I'll ever need. Not ever going to leave you."
"Me. I gave you the kidney."
Mycroft's tone isn't accusatory, he likely had to do the same thing himself to be allowed to see them. Greg moves to sit down in one of the hall's chairs, and Mycroft follows suit without an invitation. They don't talk for a few moments, but Mycroft doesn't take out his phone to tap away at what one could only assume is an email the way Greg has seen him do almost every other time there was more than two seconds of lull. Instead, he just stares ahead at the wall with Greg, the silence dragging out between them. When Mycroft does talk, it startles Greg.
"So remove it. I don't see what the issue is, he can survive fine with just one kidney."
"What, in those three seconds it took you to deduce me while I stood uncomfortably in the lab at Bart's?"
John nods, and allows himself to be pulled down the hall and into Sherlock's room. Sherlock immediately sits on the bed, leaning a little bit against the headboard. He shifts until he is comfortable, then spreads his arms wide in invitation for John to come lay against him. John snuggles up close against his chest, letting his head tuck under Sherlock's chin. Sherlock's arms wrap around him protectively, and he smiles.
"Fine fine fine, if it will make you stop whining then fine. But I'm not leaving this room."
John smiles softly at this. "Course, love."
"Nothing quite so interesting, I'm afraid, though I doubt the world really needs a clone of me. There was a little boy, when I was in med school, none of his family were matches, and so my crew all ran the tests on ourselves to see if we were matches. He was only seven, and he wouldn't stop telling us how he planned to fly to the States to see his grandmother when he got better. How could I not help?"
"C'mon" Sherlock says as he sits up. "Let's get up off this floor before we get stuck down here or something."
John intends to say more, but has to stop himself at the look on Sherlock's face. Along with admiration and love and all of the other emotions that fill Sherlock's eyes when John praises him is relief. He had actually been afraid John believed that this whole relationship was one big long experiment to Sherlock, a test of what John would allow him to do. It breaks John's heart, and he wants to murder whoever it was that put those ideas into Sherlock's head.
"But my birthday isn't for another eight months! And Christmas isn't for another five!"
"You're such an idiot."
"He's playing for John now," Mycroft continues from next to him. "He hates to have anyone interrupt that. Saw him almost kick a nurse out, literally, the other day on my way out. Not pleasant."
"Yes." It comes out as a whisper. "Yes of course yes, always yes."
They eat their Thai sitting on the sofa, in the completely domestic and very familiar way that Sherlock loves so much. They sit facing each other, feet intertwined in the middle, takeout containers balanced on their knees. They swipe bits of each other's dishes periodically, and smirk at each other like a bunch of lovesick teenagers. They may have been romantic for the better part of three years, but they novelty has yet to wear off yet. Sherlock doubts it ever will.
John reaches across the space between their chairs and grasps Sherlock's free hand. Sherlock's eyes rest first on their joined hands, then drift up to meet John's eyes as he begins to speak again.
"Sherlock would have my head if anyone other than myself touched it, and I'm surprised he even allowed that. Desperate times, I suppose."
"Alright?"
"For not realizing."
"Well, as you and Lestrade have pointed out time and time again, my hair is one of my most distinguishable features. I was rather hoping there would be a way to remove that in a less permanent manner than hair dye should the need ever arise for a case."
"Of course. Do let me know what happens, either way."
"Good. For a moment there I was afraid you were talking only about your kidney."
John has this very fond look on his face Sherlock can't really describe, but he doesn't interrupt, so Sherlock continues.
"And you have mine. You had it before I even realized that I had one. It seems it's only ever belonged to you."
"Could we- could we just lay down for a little bit."
"It seems fitting, doesn't it?"
"I've just got to make a call and then whenever you lot are ready you can cut me open. Is he awake?"
The doctor shakes his head. "We've kept him sedated for a number of reasons. It's safer for him to not be brought in and out of sedation unnecessarily, and it's better for him to be sedated than awake at this point."
John is crying in earnest now, tears flowing freely from his wide eyes as he gapes open mouthed at Sherlock and the box. He nods his head first, struggling to find his voice.
"Gotta get you a ring now too, so everyone knows that you're mine, forever."
"Alright Sherlock. Good luck, I guess, though you're probably going to tell me luck's got nothing to do with it or something else stupid like that."
Sherlock slides gracefully to the ground, letting his knees touch John's, grasping both his hands. He can feel the silent tears slip down his face, but he can't be bothered to be embarrassed. John has the most tender look on his face, and Sherlock can hardly believe that such a look is being directed at him at all, let alone by John. He can't help the admission that slips through his lips.
"And I need you, which is why I follow you, into danger, every time, no hesitation. Because I need you, and I need to protect you, to keep you safe. So how about this, I protect you and you protect me, and we will both save each other from dying."
He says it with such sincerity, such ferocity it makes Sherlock's head spin. He squeezes Sherlock's hand when his gaze drops back down to them, watching the thoughts dance across Sherlock's face. He is rarely this open, this easy to read, and it takes John by surprise. His throat tightens as he sees the pure, unfiltered emotion in Sherlock's eyes, and suddenly he understands perfectly.
"Would you like to sit on the couch or in my room?"
"Borrowed or stole?"
"Hmm? No, I suppose you are right, sometimes you eat crisps because you like to, though really that could be an experiment on how long you can survive on just crisps for all I know."
"John, as we have discussed already, you almost died. Had I not been a match, had we been unable to find a donor in time, you would have died. Forgive me if I think that there may be a mental toll to that as well as the obvious physical one."
Sherlock frowns at the lightness of John's tone. He had been serious in his comment. John hardly notices.
"Hmm, no, if I was going to use anyone's money to bribe a criminal, I would use Mycroft's."
Sherlock takes John's hand and places it over his own heart.
"I love you so damned much Sherlock. Gonna spend every day of the rest of my life with you."
"Is that like that time you and Lestrade had a weeklong argument over whether food was a salad or a sandwich, when it was neither?"
"Even you can't tell what people are going to do all of the time. Sometimes people don't know they are going to do something until they do it, so how could you presume to guess? Besides, it's my job to stand by your side, and if protecting you is what gets me killed than it will be a noble death."
They don't discharge John for a week. He had been certain that by the third hour of sitting in a hospital room, Sherlock would have taken off, bored half to death. By the third day, John is watching him intently for any of the tells that show he's approaching a dangerous level of boredom. He's gotten quite good at recognizing Sherlock's 'if I don't have a bloody case within the hour I am going to purchase narcotics' face. But the moment never arrives. The entire week they spend in the hospital Sherlock never leaves his side and never once appears bored. It would appear that the nurses are more eager for Sherlock to leave than he is. He had, of course, been a menace the whole time, but mostly harassing everyone over things concerning John; was the wound healing fine, when would they be taking the stiches out, were they certain they were giving him the right medicine, were they changing John's IV regularly enough. Anyone could see that he was beyond worried, and John was touched, but it wouldn't be until they left the hospital that John could see just how worried Sherlock really was.
Sherlock doesn't want to meet John's eyes, doesn't want to see the pain evident there when John replies "I'm sure you were doing something important" in a tone that wants to  sound light but is heavy with the thought that something could have been more important to Sherlock than him almost dying.
A look of utter surprise crosses John's face, followed by the softest smile Sherlock has ever seen. Then he looks upset.
"Bullshit, you had me stitching wounds for you three days after moving in."
Sherlock nods, knowing all of these things somewhere in his brain but not being bothered to actually try and recall them himself, and steps away to make his call. Lestrade picks up on the first ring.
"I love you too."
Sherlock hums in response, then screws up his face as he tries to puzzle out what he'd like to eat for dinner. He's long since abandoned trying to be nice and ask John what he would prefer. He knows it makes John far more happy to eat whatever it is that Sherlock wants if it will guarantee that Sherlock eats something.
"Sherlock."
"I'm sorry I wasn't there when you woke."
"I don't know, I think you'd like me as a ginger. Could've happened, you know. Genes are clearly in the family."
Sherlock's voice is husky, and he shivers as the cool metal band is dragged across his cheek slowly. The band that screams This man is mine. This man loves me so much and he is mine forever because I love him too. It's so overwhelming that Sherlock has to bury his head against John's chest, feeling him drag his fingers through Sherlock's curls as he attempts to slow his ragged breaths. He hadn't realized he was crying.
Sherlock hadn't been panicked before, not since the doctor gave him the diagnosis. Kidney transplants were fairly simple, it wouldn't take a genius to get it right. But now he wonders if maybe the damage had been more extensive than they thought, that the bullet had pierced something else and John had bled out or something else quite so gruesome. He looks around frantically for a nurse or a doctor or someone, anyone who could tell him just where the hell John was.
"Of course, I haven't only John to thank for his current state. You've always managed to keep him sober enough by keeping him distracted with cases, no matter the consequences for breaking protocol to include him. It hasn't gone unnoticed."
"I wouldn't if I were you."
"And that, on top of everything else, they are biologically compatible. I mean, there isn't even a good enough chance that I could ever prove to be such a match for Sherlock, and we've got mostly the same DNA. But John Watson fits him so well in so many ways."
"Yes, I suppose."
Sherlock sees the confusion grow in John's tear filled eyes at this. He reaches his hand into the pocket of his trousers, and he can see the confusion clear from John's face as he withdraws a small velvet box. He places it in the palm of his hand, flipping open the top to reveal a stunning platinum band with a simple design engraved on it sitting in the sea of crushed velvet. John's eyes flick down to the ring before once again meeting Sherlock's.
"Yes, though I suppose it's for both of us, really."
He holds the hand in question out for John to observe. John takes it between his own gingerly, seeing the angry red mark cutting across Sherlock's palm. From what he can tell, it's a fairly bad burn, but probably won't require a trip to the hospital. If he doesn't have the stuff at the flat to treat it he will just run to Tesco's to pick it up.
He remembers, suddenly, vividly, his first case with John, using those such words to discourage Lestrade from pressing any farther into who may have shot the cabbie. John, his John, protecting him without out hesitation, having known him less than forty-eight hours. He should have taken John's gun from him this time, it was clear the man was fixated on John, and if Sherlock had the gun he could have got a shot off before the other man.
He remains transfixed, diverting most of his attention to John and the rest to his problem while they take John into the hospital. He is uncharacteristically quiet as the prep to take John to the operating room, not allowing himself to be separated from John's side until it is absolutely necessary. Sherlock has no idea what time it is, or how long it's been since they entered the warehouse, or even what day of the week it is. Such trivial things, these knowledge's. Instead, he recalls all he can about abdominal bullet wounds, listening to John recite them to him in his doctor voice, calmly in his head.
"I've burnt my hand. Rather spectacularly, actually."
"Nonsense. That couldn't possibly be true when you're in the room with me half the time. You're absolutely radiant."
"So it's for me then?"
John's face does this adorable scrunched up thing that it does when he's trying very hard to puzzle out something Sherlock's done. Sherlock presses a kiss to his forehead because he can, because he never lets an opportunity slip by to kiss John's adorable face.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock doesn't know what to say to this for a long time. He stares at John and tries to piece it all together in his head, and John just watches him, allows him the time to collect his thoughts. When he does speak next it's just louder than a whisper and he refuses to meet John's eyes, keeping his face angled down towards the floor where he stares intently at his shoes.
John won't meet Sherlock's eyes for a moment, afraid that Sherlock would scoff at the idea of a cuddle, until he feels Sherlock's hand in his own, pulling him up.
"Every time I leave the flat with you to go off on a case I run the risk of dying. So do you, by the way. It's the nature of the work. I've almost died before, I may remind you, so I've had more than enough time to grapple with my own mortality."
Sherlock lets out a deep sigh, his frustration growing. John still thought they were joking around. Or worse, John did really think everything Sherlock did for him was an experiment. Maybe he thought this whole relationship was just Sherlock experimenting.
"How about some dinner, hmm? I could make some pasta, or we could order Thai. I'd say we could go out, but your hair is really in a state right now."
"You've got my heart. Always have. It's always been yours from the first moment you pulled me into this crazy wonderful world of yours."
Mycroft looks at him puzzled. "No. That Sherlock was able to give him his."
John's side hurts from how he is hovering over Sherlock still, so he sits slowly on the floor in the space between their two chairs, catching Sherlock's hand as he goes and tugs it gently to indicate that the other man should join him.
"Forgive me," he whispers out, almost accidentally.
But John doesn't tell him not to, he doesn't tell Sherlock to leave, ever. Instead, he calls for the nurse to bring Sherlock an IV, still grasping firmly at Sherlock's hand. It's only once the nurse comes to hook the needles up that he releases Sherlock's hand with great reluctance. Sherlock, true to his word, doesn't leave his side once, and instead orders his brother to fetch things from their flat that he may need or want. On the second day, Mycroft himself appears, carrying Sherlock's violin.
Sherlock’s texting style was much more broken up, & he only signed the first text.
Through the inarguably water-proof earpiece, John hears movement, then Sherlock saying “John.”
“You might as well get it over with. John Watson.” Sherlock knows that Mycroft has been keeping tabs on him. Oh, Mycroft is the most antagonizing figure in his life, & yet Sherlock is asking him for help.
“Indeed. I wouldn’t be worried about him tonight, but if it makes you feel better, I’ll pick him up now,” Mycroft says.
Anisha responded,
“About two years. How long have you been dating the locum doctor?” Seasil responded with a question of his own. Seasil must have come to the conclusion because of Sherlock’s age, & the fact that it was past clinic hours. Sherlock smiled a bit with the corners of his lips at Seasil’s deduction.
I sit down across from the gruff-looking man, using my cane to support myself. I hate it. “I’ve been trained to use an m4 carbine & a browning hi-power. I’d prefer the browning handgun.”
John cannot use his legs to climb as much as one is supposed to in climbing, but his arms are strong from using his crutches. Despite the slipperiness of the wall, John lifts himself up, higher & higher, until he feels the wall drop away. He pushes the last bit up, using his arms, & scrambling with his legs. He ends up with his torso over the edge, & his legs still in the well. Resting for a moment, he considers the best next step. Making a decision, John rolls so that his legs come up over the edge. He is fully outside of the well now, & he lays on his back, fiery anger the only thing keeping him warm. He lays there for at least a minute before rolling himself up & stumbling while trying to recoordinate himself. It is dark & cold, & John is soaking wet, with a chain still around one ankle.
Sherlock let himself be introduced to the new plastic cat and all its gear, and allowed Rosie to ramble throughout their meal. John kept quiet, but indulged tired-looking, closed-lipped smiles now and then. The wine was not as good as Sherlock remembered, and he wondered if he’d bought the wrong bottle, but he refilled his glass twice, and John did as well, and by the time Sherlock was snugged up against Rosie on the sofa, watching videos of other children playing the cats’ video game, while John did the washing up, Sherlock was edge-softened and his ears were pleasantly warm.
Throughout the meal, their conversation meandered from hockey talk to news headlines to films and television series on their mutual must-watch list; they were frequently flirty and indulged in a gentle version of the jibing that came so naturally to both of them after a lifetime in locker rooms. As they were sipping sauternes and cleaning their spoons of the last dollops of passion fruit panna cotta, Sherlock became aware of an absence—a fluttering feeling of persistent sickness high in his gut had melted or lifted away—and he felt settled and sturdy in a way he had not, for long weeks and months. His eyes closed and he let go a quick, sighing breath, loud enough that John noticed, and tilted his chin at Sherlock.
JW: It’s fine, but we usually say, my man.
make messy suggestions they involve others. The buzz and hum of a busy, echoing room quickly increased in volume as the two rounded a corner. John held up his hand. “Shut up, nevermind. Anyway, she wasn’t expecting you; you can go.”
Sherlock huffed a breath out his nose. “God, I want to smoke.”
He must have been in a good mood when the email came in, to have agreed at all. It was not his sort of thing, and yet here he was, about to spend two hours playing Saint Nick at a holiday party for families of deployed service members, giving out gifts to the children and posing for photos. The Falklands vet who usually did the job had come down with flu and an urgent call had gone out to find a volunteer to replace him. John would get a free meal out of it, and with any luck none of the kiddies would piss on his lap (though he knew there were no guarantees).
“Offered him a drink but he was good to go,” John said, his voice lowering as he settled into recounting the memory. “So we went up to the guest bedroom and he started to strip.”
“She wasn’t a real person, John. Mary was just a mask created to draw you in and destroy us both.” There had been soft silence from the basket near the sitting room fire for nearly fifteen minutes and they’d lay side by side in bed, just beginning to allow themselves to trust Rosie would sleep on for at least a little while after her evening routine of a two-hour, near-inconsolable emotional disassembly followed by a bottle, bubbling, and a bath in the kitchen sink.
"Where'd you even get a hair straightener anyway? You didn't go buy one of those fancy super expensive ones in the store, did you? Oh God, was that what that large withdrawal from the bank for?"
"Yes," he asks, irritated. "What is it?"
Still puzzled. "I'm not as obtuse as my brother as to not find the sentimental meaning to such an act."
"Though it certainly doesn't help that you're the most gorgeous person in every room always."
"Doesn't seem fair. You've got a part of me now. What have I got?"
He doesn't say, but his tone carries the silent
"Oh. How so? Because Sherlock pretty much got him shot?"
"No, I think you're splendid, you fit in everywhere so well. S'not just my looks that make me stand out."
In the morning, after John wakes him with a full fry up, Sherlock sits patiently on the edge of the bathroom counter as John attempts to straighten his unruly curls, his eyes following the ring in the mirror, and he can't keep the grin off his face all day long.
Method: Pills
an assistant.” Sherlock runs off before he remembers that John is a danger to himself, though. Cursing for his stupidity, he dials the only number he cares about, & the only number he hates.
Soldiers weren’t invalided with their side-arms.
“Ah, that soldier fellow? I was planning on confronting him tomorrow if he even stayed in contact with you.” Mycroft speaks coolly & almost disinterested.
When John returns to Sherlock, he is so relieved that he forgot what his plan was. He takes John out to Angelo’s because John hasn’t eaten all day, possibly longer. He even proves to John that his limp is psychosomatic. He didn’t account for the fact that the murderer would show up & whisk him away from John. He didn’t account for the fact that John would follow him, & he didn’t account for the fact that John had a gun.
Sherlock hangs up without saying anything more.
A moment later, John is sitting on the end of the ambulance, his prosthesis beside him, a gown under Sherlock’s coat, & a shock blanket over that. He shakes slightly, & Sherlock sits down, wrapping an arm around John & rubbing his back to generate some warmth.
Sherlock picked himself up off the bed, ready to start the day. Wearing the comforter around his neck like a cape, he exited his room, & emigrated to the rest of the flat. Oh. Right. The flat was a widespread & borderline-hectic mess.
“I’m going to find you. I am finding you!” Sherlock too sounds panicked. It only heightens John’s fear.
Sherlock smiled to himself, then commented, “You’re really smart for your age. Able to pick up on me like that, & knowing every kind of lock in this room, in terms of security you’re smarter than I was at your age, & yet you” Sherlock changed the phrase from ‘failed to notice’ to “haven’t yet realized you’re talking to Sherlock Holmes.”
Seasil explained before Sherlock could finish his sentence, “Well it’s a bit obvious, most people would deem it impolite to enter a conversation with strangers in a doctor’s waiting-room, you forewent the traditional greetings, you’re stimming right now,” at Seasil’s mention of stimming, Sherlock looked at his fingers, which were rubbing together quietly. Seasil listed off a few more tells before slowing down.
“You’ve already looked into his history, I’m sure you can guess he’s suicidal.” Sherlock pokes at Mycroft’s intelligence slightly.
I can feel the painful dig in my hip from where my newly acquired gun is in my pocket. The Green Spade gave me seven clips to go with the gun & I have them in various places on my person. Three of them are empty. Four of them are filled. I’m going to shuffle them each day & shoot. Seven clips. One week. I might survive the week, I might not. We’ll see.
More than not wanting to think about it, John did not want to talk about it. “Well, not many doctors come out of this post code, so I knew I had to be,” he said. There was a half-second where it seemed Sherlock might ask another question so John said, in as casually friendly a tone as he could muster, “No shame in a working class background.”
Sherlock hummed and started unfastening his trousers, didn’t bother to get up and check the lock on his bedroom door.  “Not bad,” he said. “Continue.”
JW: Well said.
Mycroft pursed his lips once again, more in amusement than disapproval, though to anyone but Sherlock it would have looked prudish.
“Oi, out of there, you,” came a gruff, angry voice Sherlock recognised as the supervisor’s. “What’d you say your name was, again? You say you came here from Barking?”
“Bye, then,” Sherlock said, to either or both of them, and turned his back. Rosie pulled John in the opposite direction.
“I believe you.”
. His instinct was to keep it in check—ever aware as he was of nothing in his life being easy despite all being as it should be—but he couldn’t seem to. His man was remarkable, a perfect fit, a wonderful surprise given Sherlock’s propensity for slutting around. Having found a man who would have his back, who he had allowed himself to feel complicated things for, who he would choose again, every day, three times a day or more, Sherlock felt plain lucky. It couldn’t be anything else but luck; it took skill to be the best goaltender in the NHL, but he knew he’d done absolutely nothing to earn or deserve a partner like John Watson.
“This is John Watson, who I was telling you about.”
“I’ll cook something,” Sherlock volunteered.
John’s rhythm stuttered as he orgasmed, deep inside, and Sherlock went tumbling after, coming hot and wet all over his own heaving belly. Panting to catch his breath, still shivering through the finish, John couldn’t quite kiss him, but nudged and nuzzled at Sherlock’s temple and eyelids with his nose and cheek. Sherlock clenched his teeth and sucked in a satisfying gasp of cool, humid air, then melted and went utterly limp. The bedclothes were all rumpled chaos; some of the pillows had slid off onto the floor. John drew away and resettled onto his side, one heavy arm across Sherlock’s chest with a hand cupping his shoulder then sliding up his neck, dropping kisses here and there onto Sherlock’s face.
Memories of all their holidays in the old flat flooded John’s weary brain, and he felt dangerously sentimental. Rosie had taught herself to walk for the sole purpose of disassembling the Christmas tree. Every Christmas Eve the three took a walk together after tea—an excuse to stuff not just Rosie full of biscuits and cakes—finally get her to bed too late with a pile of new toys by her pillow. At long last John and Sherlock settled into their chairs by the fire with wine, or whisky, and Sherlock would do that thing with his toes under John’s trouser-cuffs. They’d always exchanged gifts at midnight (or as near as they got, sometimes surrendering to bouts of yawning or dropping eyelids). Even the last Christmas, the worst one, had been cosy, though melancholy, as if it were already in the air that soon John and Rosie would be gone.
“Our defense is a clown show right now; they should be working harder for you.”
“I’m sure you know.”
“Yep.”
“Not fair at all, but someone had to.” John let out a sigh. “Still miss her, though.”
He’d spoken to John on a video call in the dressing room, his teammates tossing greetings to their former captain over Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Tempting, but I have to keep regular hours,” he lied, “So I can work.”
John turned to him. “You can go, if you want. Like I said, they’ll put a bag or two of fluids in her and send us on our way, but it could be after midnight by then.”
“Nothing. I didn’t know. Nevermind, nothing. I am so excited for you! Can I come?”
He might have been pacing the room by half-six that evening if his ankle wasn’t still tender, so instead Sherlock sat in his favourite chair, absently slow-spinning his mobile between thumb and two fingers, realigning it against the chair’s arm at the bottom of each rotation. He started when he heard the buzzer—proof his nerves were highly tuned and raw-ended. Limping toward the landing, he heard the slap of Rosie’s rain boots against the stair-treads, the squeak and thud of John closing the front door behind them. He crouched just in time to catch Rosie as she flung herself at him and squeezed him hard around the neck. He closed his eyes; they threatened to overflow with relief.
“Again, very funny.”
“Indeed, it can be.”
“Maybe not, but you’ve got a partner, right? Or is that over?”
“Is he straight?”
“Not in the least. John seems a solid fellow, affable, clearly without designs on your money nor basking in any reflected glory—”
John frowned and gave a tight shake of his head. Rosie was hefting up her overnight bag into the crook of her elbow. John turned toward her and opened his arms. “Do I get a hug?”
“You’re all right.” Sherlock ran fingers through John’s hair, then down the side of his neck. After a few silent moments, John’s breath quieted, and he sighed, blinking heavily.
“That’s great,” John said, impressed with the dialect. “Good luck with it. And if Roger Daltrey or Morrissey ever hire you, I hope you’ll invite them to mine for tea.”
The puck hit his blocker exactly where he expected, and he flung it aside, but where he expected Kocur to be, there was a Sacramento forward who skated the puck quickly around the net and tried for the wraparound. Sherlock made a pad save, but his knee torqued so he couldn’t get centered, and the Rush put one in over his shoulder, right in the center of the goal up high; Sherlock heard it ring the cross bar.
They felt obligated to wait for the room service waiter to bring whatever bonuses Sherlock had scored on John’s behalf, though it was intensely frustrating to do so. Sherlock had a growling need, wanted to dig in his claws and clamp John down and just. . .
“Feel connected to me. Yeah.” Cleared his throat again. He non-explained, “Therapy talk.” Shrugged. “Bear with me.” He turned his eyes to meet Sherlock’s again. “I think I’m having some kind of epiphany.” A self-deprecating smirk to slough off embarrassment.
“Don’t know.”
The party was noisy with blaring holiday music, children shouting and laughing, and general chatter among old and new friends. John was ushered to a prettied-up chair in an anteroom that would serve as Santa’s throne. The woman guiding him through the afternoon tucked his cane behind it, smiling all the while. “Just there, when you need it. If you can’t reach, just let me know and I’ll fetch it.” She was kind (obviously), in a particular way that touched him deeply; respectful, considerate, appreciative. Had he met her in different circumstances (for instance, wearing his own clothes and without the white beard glued to his jaw), he might have asked her on a date. He figured he still might.
Sherlock texted, feeling confident his meaning would be received.
Groaning in a wholly different manner than he had done not ten minutes earlier, Sherlock stroked a hand firmly up the length of John’s arm. “I have to get to the rink.”
“I don’t know, maybe,” Rosie said quickly. “Helen said it was Tiger Wooly.”
John rolled and kissed him in the hollow between neck and shoulder. Sherlock was steadily sliding into sleep. Smiling.
“Right.”
“John.”
“Another holiday!” his mother exclaimed.
“Yeah, that was me.”
“Tell them hello from me.”
To his credit—likely because Sherlock’s read on him as one of the aforementioned queers was correct—Jordan didn’t so much as bat an eyelash. He dropped a silk sachet of black tea leaves into the ceramic pot and half-turned, speaking partially over his shoulder as he replied. “Not specifically. We try to ensure all guests are comfortable wherever they choose to spend time.” There was a question implied, which Sherlock waved off.
In fact he followed the scolding, exasperated
He paused just long enough to shout back, “I am, as a matter of fact. Fuck off with the noise so I can finish.”
Sherlock nodded and said, “Yeah, Coach,” then immediately tuned him out again. Once Lestrade left them, Sullivan launched into one of his psych-up talks.
John grimaced. “He hears just fine. But he’s…” He did not wish to be casually cruel about Sherlock’s nature, even to a stranger, and so finished, “Quirky.”
Sherlock only said, “I’ll be in touch,” though of course it was a lie. He’d already forgotten the man’s real name, had mentally added SlimNotShady to his list of CRUZR never-agains. Slightly unfortunate; it had been rather good and Sherlock could imagine a time when the particular variety of sex they’d had might suit his mood. But the rules ruled; if anyone knew that, it was him.
“Yeah. But.”
“Just a point of fact,” Sherlock said. “Interesting trivia.”
,” she whined, thin and heartbreaking. The zippy, chatterbox girl Sherlock eagerly observed in all her rapid-fire changes of mood and expression, reduced to misery and fever-dreams. Hateful.
“I didn’t think you wanted it. I didn’t mind.” John cleared his throat and sat back. “Well. For a long time, I didn’t mind.”
“That’s what I was told.”
“There’s a bottle of old vine zinfandel there on the worktop; opened it last night. Only half a glass down, and it’s very good.”
“Bad news, Mr Holmes?”
“I have a feeling, Sherlock,” John offered hesitantly, “This is something we won’t ever resolve. And it’s one of our longest-lived disagreements.”
“Sherlock’s boyfriend!” his father exclaimed, disbelief in his tone. “Honestly I was beginning to think he’d made it all up. Doctors Without Borders? That’s admirable work.”
“And you buy those where?” he asked.
“Yes, both very pretty.”
Minutes later, his slicked-up palm was loose-wrapped around his prick and dragging, and he’d come to rest on a vision of himself naked on his back (he bent his knees and raised them, thighs apart to accommodate a sweating, rutting phantom between them), his neck cranked to one side, face pinned hard beneath a splayed hand that would deform his lips, press hard on his closed eye so he saw amorphous bursts of colour behind his lid.
“What the
They disentangled, wiped away the leavings, stretched and hummed luxuriously. John’s fingers teased into and out of Sherlock’s hairline, leaning up on his elbow at Sherlock’s side.
John at last took his spot behind the podium, and in a solid, steady voice, thanked the coaches and staff; his former teammates; the Thrashers organization; and especially the fans, who had always made playing in Hamilton a pleasure. To no surprise, the crowd applauded and cheered wildly for their old favourite, star player of many seasons, and the sound was positively deafening. John had often said the best thing about Thrashers fans was that they were so loud, and on his special night, they did not disappoint. His ten-minute speech was full of reminiscences, anecdotes, and friendly jokes about some of his long-term teammates. He was gracious about having had to go to the Brawlers to finally have his chance to raise the Cup, and lauded the organisation and players for making it happen.
Sherlock returned John’s grin, felt anxiety melting off him. His man was gorgeous, so delightfully sturdy. Listened well. Said every right thing. As evidence of his perfection, John started to rise from the bed, tipped his head toward the bath. “
“Am I supposed to feel special?” was Steven’s gravelly reply. Sherlock had scraped his fingertips through Steven’s beard, then down the back of his neck.
“That’s a lot of writing,” John commented at last.
“I appreciate it.”
“Yes, of course. It’s all been fine. But really is there nowhere? What about people like you?”
“So much.” John’s voice collapsed on it, and he kissed again, desperate and messy.
He’d never seen a truly beautiful child until he saw his own. He wondered if other parents felt the same—lying about pretty babies until at last they met the one they’d happily lie down in the road for.
JW: Thanks. You know it was mostly an accident, though, right? [laughs] Champagne gone to my head after the Cup win.
“Ah, I’ll just text you.”
. Don’t make a show of it.”
“Will you be disappointed if I tell you I don’t dance?”
Sherlock settled in his armchair, and poured himself a swallow of port though he did not lift the glass from the little table.
Inside was a photo card, portraying a mantelscape of pine and candles John immediately recognised. Just to the right of center, an antique-looking folding knife was stabbed through the top of a long, cream-coloured strip of paper, the writing on it just legible: a wishlist.
I want you to know, Mother. I’m.
John’s voice, surprisingly close. “Goodnight, Sherlock.” John kissed him, soft and hot, half on his eyebrow and half on his skin, steadying himself with a palm on Sherlock’s chest. Kissed him again, more firmly. Left the room then, to sleep on the sofa.
“No! No,” Iain protested, waving his arms like a drowning man, surrendering. “I meant the three of us together.”
“No need to thank me.”
“I said yes, Watson,” Sherlock defended, in the same or at least a very similar tone, a sort of sighing surrender designed to placate her, which failed to fulfill its mission.
Sherlock was deeply pleased.
“I have all I need. I’ll be in touch,” he said to the plainly-dressed cop who appeared to be in charge. “John.”
, he thought. John’s mouth widened to swallow him deep, velvety tongue curved to fit, and Sherlock cried out, swept away and shameless.
His mother searched her purse for painkillers for the headache the stress was causing her. This poor kid, he- Seasil, as his name read on his medical card when his mother moved to get the pills -was so excited about breaking into places, & the locks & handles, the kind of electronic locks they had… & he was excited to mention Sherlock Holmes.
He runs a finger over the cheek & eye socket in anguish. “The bones I found…” he starts, but is interrupted by Sherlock saying,
Sherlock was about to correct the teen when he realized that Seasil hadn’t recognized him, despite being a fan. The hat, probably. Stupid John, making him wear the hat, stupid press making it seem like his defining trait. To remedy this, he fluffed up his hair & made sure his collar was up.
I look over to the windowsill. Even if I wanted to kill myself, how would I be able to do it? The sky is dark, it’s almost midnight & I’m still awake. I rest my face on my arms. Then I lift it up & smack it down again quickly. I just want to die. I want to stop living & burdening other people & stop swimming through this pain. My life has been nothing but a litany of bad situations.
Sherlock replied with the hand hanging off the bed,
The words are not only present through his earpiece, but from somewhere across from John, & he quickens his journey to the other side of the burnt house. “Yeah. Where are you? I think I hear you.”
A cold voice comes over, “Hello brother dear.”
John isn’t just suicidal, he’s teetering on the edge. Sherlock insists that he stays overnight, “It’s too far to go to your flat, just stay with me tonight. We can move your things tomorrow,” & even convinces him to take the bed, which Sherlock himself sneaks into after John is asleep.
She had only one child: the figure of a one-child mother, the exhaustion in her hair said one child, but the exhaustion in her eyes said more. Judging by the thickness of her wallet & she only had one.
When John spots Lestrade, who is hauling a grey blanket & a pair of crutches, he shifts, alerting Sherlock to the fact that their favourite law enforcer has arrived. “I just spoke to your brother,” Greg says, once he’s gotten John wrapped up.
In this chapter they strike up a conversation.
*Hello, Sherlock. This is Anisha, Seasil’s mom. Can we come over today? Seasil would have texted, but he doesn’t have a phone plan. Also, do you have any allergies? I’m planning on bringing scones.*
I hate being a burden. I hate being. I wish that the infection killed me- no that would have been even harder on the hospital. I wish I’d been shot through the heart instead.
Sherlock must save this man from himself.
His partner was 16, but he was 19: If she was still seeing a pediatrician, of course she wouldn’t be his age. Barely at the half-plus-seven rule.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
I can take a cab home. I have my gun, I finished paying The Green Spade days ago, so I can afford a cab on my last day.
As always, leave any feedback, correct any mistakes, point out any inconsistencies, tell me your thoughts, drop any requests, or do none of these things. Comments feed the writer's soul.
Method: OD
“John,” Sherlock pleads, then he starts shouting, “John? Can you hear me? John!”
“I don’t know. I’ve just woken up.” John responds with his own question, “Where are you?”
“What?”
John responds groggily, “Yeah, I’m here,” then scrambles abruptly to his feet when he realises that there is water up to his waist.
“You’re autistic too then, aren’t you?” Seasil interrupted Sherlock’s thoughts.
Footsteps sound-off, running through the grounds, & Sherlock appears around the corner, “John!” he yells dumbly.
"John" is all Sherlock manages to breathe out, his voice filled with awe.
Sherlock goes to ask another question, to prompt more information from John, but John has lifted his other hand to Sherlock's face, is stroking his cheek with his thumb. Sherlock's breath catches in his throat, and John looks as though he might be considering crying before he stands so he is hovering over Sherlock.
"Yes yes." Sherlock waved his hand absentmindedly, not opening his eyes. "Just shock."
John smiles fondly at him, and traces small patterns over his chest with his fingers, causing Sherlock to shiver.
"Mind telling me just what it was you were doing in here love?"
"Perhaps I had considered it as an advantage when determining whether to extend my invitation to share my flat."
Loyal, despite his misogyny: he never cheated on his partner & he never would, Sherlock could see it written across the case of his phone & the placement of his wallet.
*Come over. Not before noon -SH*
Method: Starvation
Verdict: No. No matter what I think not.
Cons: really long, hungry, I’d be forced to eat
Seasil noticed the movements, & his attention was brought to Sherlock’s appearance, “Ohhh I like your style, it’s a bit Noire, isn’t it?” Seasil continued in his rambling way, “Have you ever heard of Sherlock Holmes? He dresses a bit like that, it’s so elegant.”
At some point, while tuning out Anisha’s conversation with Mrs Hudson, he noticed that Seasil was typing. On John’s laptop. Which was password protected. Of course Sherlock would teach Seasil the Break-in Manager how to get into John’s computer. Sipping his tea, John shook his head. He looked down into the cup, & smiled to himself. Closed his eyes for a moment. Smiled a little more.
*How did you know I was planning on making jalapeno cheese biscuits?*
Seasil was able to speak with a small amount of calm now, “Mr Holmes! Sorry I didn’t recognize you, I have face-blindness.”
Pros: Quick, if I do it right, not too messy.
Leave any inconsistencies, mistakes, feedback, requests, or whatever you want. I love hearing your comments.
Lestrade explains, John shares a jab, then Greg turns to go, but before he can, Sherlock asks him to wait. “Um, Mycroft. Make sure he’s looked after. He’s not as strong as he thinks he is. I know he trusts you.”
Twenty-six minutes later, John is standing naked, save for his boxer-briefs, & Sherlock’s coat. Eurus is being taken into a reinforced holding van. Police vehicles both ground & airborne are either moving or parked. The ambulance stops & Sherlock waves them over to where he & John are standing.
Second-
Pros: No throwing up, I get to see the blood, it’s quiet
Method: Gun.
Cons: Could throw it all up & survive, I’m in a hospital so they could get charcoal into me fast enough, I wouldn’t be able to get enough of them in a reasonable amount of time.
His appointment would come next, & last before John was off for the day- dear crows, how long would this take? The child was clearly autistic! All he & his mother were here for was a refill on his anti-anxieties!
Verdict: No, sadly.
Sherlock pulls back, explaining, “It was Eurus, she was pretending all along, manipulating us. I knocked her out, & called the police. They should be here in half an hour, but in the meantime we need to get you out of those clothes & wrapped up in something warm.”
He was 14 years old: Sherlock could glimpse his birth year on the medical card his mother held.
While waiting for John, Sherlock met an autistic kid named Seasil. Seasil had to go for an appointment, so Sherlock invited him over sometime. This chapter is when they get together.
First-
*But I’m v white so make sure to take the seeds out of the jalapenos*
Verdict: No. If I’m alive by the time I get out of here, I can talk to an arms dealer.
He looks around, finding himself a few metres away from a wood, on the other side of the well is a house, burnt down by the looks of it, but John is unsure. He picks up the loose end of the chain by the shackle, & limps as fast as he can to the ruins. As he walks, he puts his fingers to his ear, “Sherlock? Sherlock, I made it out of the well, where are you?”
“Ridiculous.”
S’tiniest room in the world. I’ma fuggin
Mercifully, John finished the book and slid it aside. There was cold tea left in Sherlock’s cup. He tilted it on its saucer, watching the liquid shapeshift.
an actor, and Moriarty? turns out—plot twist—she’s your mum.”
Sherlock moved from person to person, station to station, offering food and drink and conversation, gliding like a dancer in a wide, wobbly figure-eight around the flat. About an hour into the party, he put a pause to the background of John’s atomic-cocktail holiday playlist and took up his violin--played just long enough that his guests felt entertained and even a bit spoilt, but not so long that anyone became restless. John stood by the mantel and couldn’t help but peruse the remaining items on Sherlock’s wishlist, still hanging there as part of the decor, still stabbed in place with a folding knife. He was slightly stunned to find his snowman sketch on its little sticky note had been framed and set on the mantel as part of the wintry scene Sherlock had created there.
“I was going by eye,” Sherlock said.
“Yes, for seven minutes on their way out a door, they’re wonderful,” Sherlock said sardonically. He busied himself clearing away the teacups and empty plates.
Sherlock dragged the edge of the duvet up to cover himself.
“Actually, not tonight. I’m meeting Iain at the Causeway before the game. Grab some food, try to bang out these last edits on the long version of the speech. I’m bringing him to the game tonight.”
“All right then,” Sherlock acquiesced. “Let’s hit the showers.”
“Take me to bed,” Sherlock whispered, a breath against the shell of John’s ear. John hummed a low growl, rose and caught Sherlock by the loosened cuff of his shirt, pulled him toward their bedroom.
“Right,” John nodded, his smile widening until he reined it in. “Just seven weeks.”
“And then what?”
was summoned; it seemed unfair for John to interrogate him; he was feeling slighted on top of worried. John should thank and comfort him, not grill him about inconsequential details.
“How lovely for you,” he crooned, then went on. “I think you’ve made a sound choice.”
The door was still standing open as he unpacked one of the rucksacks, lining up his two pairs of shoes beside the bed. A tall blur in his peripheral vision swept past the open door and he heard a deep voice saying, “Mrs Hudson, I need to borrow matches.” There was the squeak of a door opening, then kitchen-rummaging noises, cupboards and drawers. “My lighter’s out of fluid. Mrs Hudson!”
“Bye, Sherlock,” Rosie announced, and tugged at John’s hand. “Dadda, I’m hungry. What do we have?”
“What kind of creative writing?”
“I want to boost the page-views for Mike and Mags.”
loved it,” Sherlock encouraged him. “Loved him licking you.”
“I disagree,” Sherlock said. “I’ve learned so much from you.”
“Enjoy it. Send me a postcard.”
Bouchard grinned at him. “Good to have you back, man.”
Mrs Holmes made unnecessary noise, coming back downstairs, and the two gave each other covert knee-squeezes and shared mischievous grins, like kids. Sherlock marveled at the novel situation of one of his men actually inside his family’s house—nevermind that his mother seemed pleased, nor that the man in question had manners enough to insist they stay and finish their tea.
“For the moment, it is. But anyway, he’s not cross with you.”
,” Rosie insisted, adding a distinct whine to her tone. “I know she’s there right now.”
He panted himself toward normal. Reached for the lamp and squinted against the sudden brightness. It might be midnight or just before dawn. He shivered; he wasn’t cold.
“Something like that. The mum went to hospital; she went into a shrieking rage once the social worker showed up. Why wouldn’t you? Even if she somehow gets it together. . .” John sighed again, and this time his shoulders stayed down, rolled forward against the weight of the world on them. “She’ll probably never get the kids back. They rarely do ever get it together. Not in time, anyway.”
Sherlock’s walk to the bathroom let him know he’d drunk his full, and then some. His ears were hot, but he felt easy and couldn’t bring himself to worry much about hearing from coach Lestrade. Back in bed, he wrapped the duvet around his head, dug down deep into the bedding, and counted backwards by sevens, not for long, until he drifted off.
Sherlock had spent that afternoon in a flat on the other side of town from the team’s hotel, with Steven the real estate developer, who obviously kept the place for the sole purpose of bringing men there for sex. They’d shared another rough-and-ready encounter that left Sherlock feeling mauled and used-up, wondering if he’d enjoyed himself.
Sherlock couldn’t help himself. “There is no such thing as a miracle, John.”
John waited for more. Waited and waited with the phone on his chest, his hand resting loosely around it. Woke up in the grey light just before true morning with the phone underneath the side of his chest, half-tucked between the sofa cushions. No more from Sherlock.
Sherlock twigged, and let out a puff of a sigh. “Wolf in sheep’s clothing,” he muttered.
Once the reading was done and Rosie had been offered one last chance to call John—Sherlock’s reaction a rich blend of guilty relief and rueful compassion at her second refusal—she turned onto her stomach and Sherlock brushed her hair aside so he could trace shapes and figures over the slight expanse of her back with his fingertips. They’d always called it
“Here we are!” Mrs Holmes singsonged. “The other book must be in your father’s room.”
“The limp?”
“Nah. I always sleep in. Never missed a plane or a morning skate yet, though.”
One pretty amenity John had been sold was a butler—the resort called him a “host”—assigned only to them and their whims throughout their stay. Jordan was compactly built—a bit like John but less dense—with a toasty complexion and dark hair he wore medium-long and smoothed back from his wide forehead. Sherlock—himself gratefully half-naked and barefoot at all times—marveled at the polish of the host’s shoes, and how he never appeared to perspire despite wearing a three piece suit. He was not a local, but an American—from Georgia, to be exact—but could not be drawn into personal conversation and so Sherlock was left to wonder how he had ended up on a Caribbean island, though he knew the usual story of Americans in such jobs tended to be of young people spending a year or two earning money forty hours a week—and partying with holiday-makers all the rest. Regardless, Jordan had proved himself to be useful as well as decorative.
Once in the room, Sherlock went straight to the bathroom, cleaned his teeth, then edge-sat against the sink to text John.
“You as well. Early start.”
John bit down hard on his back teeth. He turned his back to her, opened the kitchen sink taps and waited for the water to heat up.
They tapped their glasses together and downed their drinks, grimacing appreciatively. John smirked, “I do all right.” He slid the glass across the bar and motioned for two more. “Your kind of place, then?”
on it!”
John nodded. “All right. Just take notes? Can you not record the meeting?”
“I worried it might be too late, given we’d already parted ways, and never married, but I thought it the right thing to do for her—for me—that I sew up those holes. I only wanted to be her legal parent, same as you. Not more. Not less. I wasn’t making moves to steal her away.” Sherlock sighed a bit. “Though it seems that’s how it came across.”
Sherlock bought overpriced, noise-canceling headphones at the airport to tune out his teammates’ poker game chatter during the flight back to Boston. LoPresti had started; the Brawlers had won. The sun was setting as they landed. Sherlock wondered if he was coming down with something; his stomach felt wobbly and off-kilter.
Sherlock nodded. “That’s a relief,” he said, and it could have been a joke if he’d cared enough to make the effort. He well knew he had no right to object regardless, given the not infrequent, sometimes noisy late night goings-on in his own room. “The Muskies lost Maynard to a head injury last night.”
Dude,that’s crazy. Amazing. Congrats; I’m proud of you.”
“Not a happy one.”
“How did you know it was time for rehab?” George asked, forced casual, betraying himself with a crumpling frown. Sherlock thought George’s chin might have quivered, but he’d quickly made a major shift of posture, ducked his face and scrubbed his jaw with one hand.
“Not a chance.”
“Never a bad idea,” Sherlock said, by way of agreement. He smirked. “So you should leave ten minutes before me, to arrive at the same time.”
“So I’ve heard,” Sherlock replied, and John could tell he was attempting a joke at his own expense, not John’s.
The quarter-hour chimed, reminding John of empty rooms and cosseted sleepers, all quiet, all silence but the faraway muffled ring of the clock. He pressed himself to sit, slow and careful not to disturb Sherlock, folding back only his own side of the bedclothes so Sherlock would not feel the cold. Expert at dressing in the dark, he used the moonlight to half-see the laces of his boots.
JW: Ask it now!
“And now this,” John marveled, his shoulders moving to describe a tour of the bedroom. “Our own house. You beside me every night. Every morning.”
Mags: We say that to each other at least three times a day now.
“Why are you so frowning?” Rosie asked as she emerged, automatically showing him that her hands were damp, proving they had been washed.
JW: Nah, not really. But it really was spontaneous.
He had done all the right things. Shoot-around with Thurston and Kocur in the morning, then a head-clearing three-mile run. Lunch time phone call to John, who was on his way back to the flat after a day in the Heads Up Foundation’s office. Checked his equipment; found an empty stairway where he sat and cleared his mind, acknowledged his emotions, bodily sensations, and monkey-mind thoughts, then let them all go. Joined in with his teammates for a round of two-touch outside the room. Roughed his crease, banged his stick, tossed his head. The game started, and Sherlock was fully present, focused like a laser beam, fully armed to defend his house.
“Holmes, listen. I know you’re better than you’ve been looking. I’m a hundred percent behind you, and whatever you need, just say it and we’ll arrange it. You’re the best in the league, by a mile. Never forget it.” Lestrade looked painfully sincere and Sherlock felt sick. Compassion and support was not going to fix whatever was going on with him. He needed to get his head out of his arse, power through, play like Sherlock Holmes. He found he’d been more comfortable when his coach had been berating him and putting his faults under a microscope. Kindness had always made him uncomfortable.
“You can go without me,” Sherlock allowed.
“Absolutely not,” John said on a gust of breath. His cheeks were more pink, less pale, and Sherlock thought the threat of an imminent faint had passed. “Here, let’s do your picture.” He pulled Sherlock by the elbow and arranged them side by side with their backs to the wide-open vista of trees and blue sky, one hand wrapped firmly around the handrail on the cliff side of the wooden catwalk. Sherlock drew his phone from his pocket and got the shot of the two of them, smiling, standing together in the sky.
“Don’t miss me, Sherlock. I’ll be
“One to stay, one to go. Make sure the lid’s tight.” He smiled at John, a mild joke that somehow wasn’t humiliating.
“Holmesy, what do you make of Kerner? He’s slippery as fuck.”
John settled uneasily into his old chair, briefly picked at loose threads on its arm—not enough to pull them free—then smoothed them down against the weave of the fabric as if they would remember their places and fall in line. He gave a small, grateful smile as Sherlock set a glass on the table beside him.
John undressed them quickly, breaking up the progress with more harsh kisses, bites with his teeth on Sherlock’s neck, and his lower lip, and his wrist. By the time they were naked, Sherlock was aching, rising slow but steady. John was rampant, and ran hands possessively over Sherlock’s body from shoulder to hip, and down around his backside, kneading and nudging, tucking his fingers intimately. They arranged themselves on the bed, finding their old places, with the covers kicked down to the foot. Left the lamp on.
“Sherlock,” his father intoned, “Help your mother with her coat.”
Steven ignored the inquiry, went to a mirror to arrange his hair with a plastic comb.
“Or is talking about retirement plans going to jinx you, somehow, too?” John wondered. Licked his lips again, then bit them. Sherlock’s eyes roamed, mentally mapping the path to the gents’; his fingers were not the only thing about him that was restless, and John’s reappearing tongue-tip was threatening to wind him up too far to comfortably carry on with the meal.
There were pills, about five, loose in the bottom of the pocket. Sherlock hooked and then withdrew his fingers, pinching one tablet—round, star-embossed, and bright pink; as easy to recognise as an ibuprofen—and raised it between his finger- and thumb-tips to Colin’s lips. Grinning, Colin accepted the pill, kissed the tips of Sherlock’s fingers as they withdrew. Sherlock watched his adam’s apple bob down as he swallowed.
In the end, he landed at the disco where he knew he’d find his people, figuring he might celebrate his non-engagement to his man with the sugary rum cocktails endemic to all-inclusive vacation spots. Chat a bit, maybe dance. The adrenaline drain might mean a chance at a full night’s sleep.
“Late night for her,” Sherlock offered. They sat across from each other as ever they had—Sherlock wondered if he should have rearranged the chairs by now, if what had once been cosy was now confrontational—and sipped at the wine, which was thick-legged, smooth across the tongue, with intense notes of cherry and cedar.
His father frowned. “Finished those books? They should be put away.”
“I’ve been stealing into the rooms with the fewest windows, avoiding the glare from every pane. Must it be so bright?” The last he asked in a tone of indignity.
“No.” There was a headache gathering between his eyebrows. He looked up the road for evidence of a taxi.
Kocur turned his focus on Lamm and shook off a glove; Lamm only shook his head and skated away. Mellon, ever the pest, poked Merrick repeatedly in the back with the blade of his stick. The linesmen buzzed around, trying to keep a fight from erupting.
“God, no,” John protested with a groan, and sank back in his seat.
John was back to work, giving his talks and making appeals for donations to his foundation. They’d enjoyed a good stretch of time together on the road—almost just as it used to be, though now they stayed in non-league-sanctioned hotels, just the two of them in five-star rooms John specially arranged for the nostalgic road trip—but since their return home they’d been re-cast in the roles of proverbial ships in the night. In the nearly two weeks since John had flown back to Boston while Sherlock went on to play in Phoenix (the Flames pummeled the Brawlers, winning 6 – 2), they had spent only three non-consecutive nights together in their flat. Sherlock made do with CRUZR hookups when he couldn’t video-chat with John, and so felt his most basic needs were met, but there was an itch of discontent beneath his skin nearly always—one he could not discern the cause of, nor alleviate. He felt if he could only pinpoint it, he’d gratefully scratch it until it bled.
“What? John, don’t be ridiculous.”
“Legally?”
“Eh, Holmesy, how’s it hanging?”
By then they were in the front room, and Sherlock was being swept out the front door.
“I should get going,” John said, though he was reluctant to stop poring through the material, especially now that he’d teased out the common thread of sleep disorders. “I’ll be the one they’re mistaking for dead, tomorrow.”
“To put them on a senior-citizen package bus tour with stops at casinos and a far-out-of-town Broadway tryout?”
“Nothing,” John said curtly, then stopped mid-stride, near the foot of the bed, let go a quick sigh. “I had a pile of papers lying around somewhere, some of them had graphs and whatnot on them. You haven’t seen them, by any chance?”
Sherlock hummed, if not agreement, at least acquiescence. “I’ll let you go,” he said, with some reluctance.
It was not as if he hadn’t been around pills and cocaine in the time since he’d got clean; he was a professional hockey player, after all, and the reason there’d never been a league-wide doping scandal was not because players didn’t use drugs. Most players’ duffels held at least one prescription bottle, and the team doctor had everything they could want, gave everything they asked for. But before rooming with John, he’d mostly been paired with the veteran players—Bouchard, Kocur, and early on, Gerhardt for a season—and they were family men with more to lose, tended toward avoiding pain relief stronger than what one could buy in a pharmacy without presenting ID. None smoked, none drank to excess. Even Thurston, who was a bit of a stereotype in every other fashion, had not been a partier, other than when it came to chatting up women. To have to spend every night on the road sharing close quarters with sleeping pills, cocaine, and who knew what else, did not feel entirely a tolerable proposition.
“It’s difficult, I know.”
“I was asking more about if she’s well.”
He could only bear to let it hover there for a second before frantically adding,
He was finally playing his game, and the frantic feeling he’d struggled against for too long had made itself scarce. His goal crease was his domain, and he controlled it. He saw every puck coming at him. He moved well. He was quick when he needed to be, big when he needed to be, and stick-side-high was seeming less like an obvious blind spot. Mutual trust with his teammates had returned; they kept pucks away from him, and when they couldn’t, they knew he was there to do the job.
“Yes.”
George gave up. “Yeah. That’s probably the way to go. Insomnia fucking sucks.”
“Fuck it, Holmes, what are you—jerking off in there?” George was annoyed; perhaps it was not just Sherlock who needed a few minutes with some hand lotion and a dirty movie playing soundlessly on a screen the size of an index card.
John tipped his glass in Sherlock’s direction. “Well done.”
“He doesn’t call that phone anymore.”
“It’s better when you’re walking?” Sherlock prompted.
“Nope, Dad even said I ate a good breakfast,” she answered, and flopped onto the red armchair opposite him. Sherlock could see her eyeing the threadbare spot on its left arm, the twitch of her hand as she denied herself fulfillment of the urge to pick and scratch at it, to make a proper hole in the fabric.
“No.” John’s voice was low and gruff and he shoved Sherlock’s shirt back from his shoulders.
“All the red animals are the same team.”
The slap of a hand against the center of Sherlock’s chest, and he registered an unfolded, tri-folded manifold layer of legal-sized paper held there, protecting him from being touched, protecting John from having to touch him. Sherlock reached for it and they tug-o-warred for it until John let go. He knew before he read a word, saw the letterhead and knew again, quick-scanned and knew for certain.
“Sorry to hear it. I know how intensely you dislike having to confront that.”
John was now stretched out on his back on the flat’s one bed, and he lifted his chest to free up air and raise his heart somewhat higher than his head—the yoga again, mixed with a dose of doctor-heal-thyself—and he inhaled to a count of four, held on for seven, exhaled eight, then texted back,
“Love you,” Rosie told him, and already he could feel her urgency to peel off from him and get on to the next thing.
It felt less like a real home than ever, on those nights when John returned from his clinic work to the hum-filled silence of a flat with nobody in it.
Out in the room, there were clues to George’s before-bed ritual. On the desk, an empty vodka shot and the bottle of beer that had chased it, no longer empty as George had made do while the bathroom was occupied. His phone facedown on the bed beside him. Hood of his sweatshirt tight-strung around his face, to cover his eyes and block out the light. On his side table, a rip-stop nylon shaving bag, battered, overstuffed and unzipped. Sherlock purposely turned his face away from whatever contents might be visible as he reached across to shut off the lamp. Dropped his pants to his ankles and stepped out of them, slid between deliciously cold sheets, fell into sleep still waiting for warmth.
Mrs Hudson won three bottles of decent champagne in a charity raffle. Just the sound of the popping cork made John feel green around the gills. Her voice in the entry hall calling, “Boys! I need you!” was like a needle in his ear drum that exited through the back of his neck. The smell of Sherlock’s freshly applied (usually really rather nice--distractingly nice) after shave as he passed John’s door forced him to swallow a sour throatful of upward-rushing bile.
John’s head jerked sideways, turning away from his pillow, then his gaze darted around the room.
Rosie looked shocked. “Is he? Archie, that big boy we had lunch with after our case?”
“No, of course,” Sherlock agreed.
“Sherlock!” she squealed, too loud right beside his ear. “Is your leg finally better? Me and Dadda got pizza. I brought clothes and some of my cats just in case I can stay. Can I stay tonight? Dadda said he wasn’t sure.”
“Right.”
“Did I tell you about the new cats?” Rosie babbled at him, dragging her bag inelegantly off of John’s arm and setting it on the floor to unzip it. “Springtime ones for the game, but also we went to the shop and I found the Daisy cat with a dress and two hats and a pail that pours water.”
It would be record time, but Sherlock felt it was worth a try. After all, he’d been coming up hot all night.
Sherlock grinned at the joke, which John thought was generous of him.
“No,” John said, and shook his head but did not lift it. After a moment he moved to drag the pad of his thumb, then the side of his index finger, beneath his eyes. “Nothing’s wrong. The Thrashers are retiring my number.”
“John.”
“Fuck off.”
John muttered curses, stomping around the flat at what Sherlock felt was a truly indecent hour of the morning. “Something I can help with?” Sherlock asked, yawning around it and rumpling the bedding as he curled and stretched awake.
into three basic questions:
“Funny, that.”
From: E.Shea@DisraeliPrimary.edu
John felt his eyes get big.
Sherlock hummed in the vague negative. “
The man pressed his palms together and rested the tips of his forefingers against his chin, gazing at his mantelscape.
“I doubt the local prisons are as rich in amenities as these resorts,” Sherlock joked.
“Your wife deserves something special. For staying married to you.” Sherlock intended his tone to come across as typical hockey chirping but imagined his distaste at George’s rampant adultery probably bled through the joke.
“What’s a record, grand-dad?” Sherlock asked, with a puzzled expression.
Sherlock decided that no matter how much he may want it, there was no
John could count on one hand the number of times Sherlock had called him since he’d moved out of Baker Street. His entire body flushed hot, and felt light, and fuck this fucking random anxiety attack nonsense. John drew in another breath, knowing it was too quick and too shallow but the best he could do.
The easy answer to boredom loomed like a shadow just beyond a door he needed all his strength to hold closed.
Sherlock interjected, “Big cock.”
“Fuck!”
“Quite sad, yeah,” John agreed with a grin. As Sherlock poured, John picked up a jam biscuit and ate it in a single bite, humming pleasure at its crumbly sweetness. Noticing the bottle in Sherlock’s hand, John quickly swallowed and asked in astonishment, “Is that a Macallan 25?”
“Bed, then?” Sherlock suggested, already drifting toward the rocky shore, the wooden walkway that would carry them from the edge of the ocean straight into the room.
“You can ring him anytime, on my phone.”
“You’re going to kill it,” John told him.
“When something is bothering me, like a worry or a problem, I usually tell Dadda about it and he helps me. Or sometimes I just say to myself, Is this really a problem? Because sometimes it’s not a problem, it’s just something you think, and it’s not real, it only feels like a real problem. Thinking is tricky. Because your brain thinks things all the time, all day, but some of those are remembering, and some are imagining, and some are things you learned. It’s a lot.”
There was a silence Sherlock filled by draining the last of his glass of wine, watching dark red flecks settle into the central divot at the bottom of the bowl.
The path forked. Sherlock made the turn.
“You’re not reading that again.” John’s gentle scold, through a smile.
John’s eyebrows shot upward over wide eyes.
“No, nothing. Sorry. It’s nothing.” He rang Mrs Hudson and told her all he knew; she sucked her teeth and wittered worry for Sherlock until John rushed her off the line. The cab left him halfway up the road from the school and he double-timed to the yard, where students were already pouring forth after the day’s final bell. Rosie was waiting in a snaky queue of wriggling, overtired Year Twos and when she spotted him she waved.
“Can you just call him now? I’ll brush my own hair.”
in his ear; only a few cried.
a threat.”
John looked at him with slightly raised brows. Ready to hear it.
“A composer, from what I understand, who recently had some of his early manuscripts stolen from a safe-deposit box at C Hoare and Company.”
Rosie was full-tilt when John got her back, rattling on about her schoolmates’ latest acquisitions of plastic cats, oversized (and doubtless overpriced) bows to wear in their hair, and one brand new baby called George.
SH: Or not, as they like.
“What? All I said was hi.”
“Thanks, no. Case?” He gestured at the file.
“Mm,” Sherlock agreed. “Pity about that.”
“Please.”
Sherlock lifted his eyebrows. Still looking at John, he gestured for him to sit while simultaneously saying, “Watson, perhaps you should use the toilet before you go.”
“No, I know. I sort of told him that. We’re going to work together; he seemed keen to get my input.”
“I hardly think that’s likely to happen,” John said quickly.
The Brawlers’ offense were bigger and faster than the Sacramento forwards, and kept play in the attacking zone more often than not, giving Sherlock room to breathe. Boston scored one late in the first to tie it, then kept control mostly in the Gold Rush end until the period ended.
There's a minor continuity error here, related to what day it is (I barely know what day it is, in real life!), which I will probably go back and fix in the previous chapter. Just in case you're one of those very careful readers, thought I'd let you know I'm aware.
a few inches to the left of John’s name.
“You’re incredible,” he said, exasperated and impressed. Aroused. Sherlock smirked and looked away, out the window. John’s hand was on the move, fingers and thumb massaging, pressing in hard so as not to tickle. It was as good a way as any to distract him from any more talk of the elder Holmeses, and Sherlock would happily take an ardent foot rub along with his sense of relief.
not.”
In a hectic instant,  Sherlock went from a half-doze to an upright rush to gather his things. A couple nights, a couple days, in the hotel suite with Steven—drapes drawn against the daylight or the city lights, eating when they were hungry, fucking on the bed, the sofa, bent over the desk—had left Sherlock in a dizzy, drowsy mess. He’d nothing but the clothes he’d arrived in, and those he hadn’t put on since he’d agreed not to leave, that first afternoon. A towel wrapped around his hips, a hotel robe, the bed sheets draped over one thigh and ringing his waist as they drank more of the horrid tequila and ate cold pizza. His every muscle ached, harder and deeper than they did even after a game. He’d avoided close looks into the countless, unavoidable mirrors affixed to every vertical surface, knowing he was unshaven, red-eyed, and probably bruised in ways he would later find difficult to ignore, cover up, or explain.
“Harsh? I thought ‘uneven’ was too kind.” Sherlock didn’t want to ruin their evening with self-pity and discouragement, and longed to change the subject. “How was your session with Iain? I liked the most recent version of your speech, with the new section about playing in England before moving to Canada.”
“Anything else?”
John cleared his throat, cut a glance at Rosie walking just ahead and to his left, her eyes downcast to watch the toes of her trainers as she walked.
“Only when Watson’s not at home.”
“What, spilled tea?” Amusement played at the corner of John’s lips.
“Using is too simple a remedy. Boredom leads to temptation and then, too often, to relapse.”
John swept a hand along the floor, gathering his clothes, clicked off the lamp, and went to the bathroom to dress.
What John found for them to do was surprisingly in line with his assertions they would do something new, interesting, and unforgettable: a massive pedestrian suspension bridge over a river, and an adjacent park with a truly harrowing cliffwalk featuring narrow walkways jutting out from the cliff face, hovering in mid-air well above the level of the treetops. The day was clear and mild so they were lightly dressed, and the views were shocking in their expansive natural beauty.
Sherlock scoffed and tossed his head a bit. “Course not. These women or their partners work in high tech; the thief is stealing work product, information, and files, then taking the shoes to divert attention. I’m still on the fence as to whether that was clever or ludicrous.”
“Mycroft is not
John muttered a curse under his breath and checked the time.
“Sure. Half an hour,” John agreed. He found a seat on a bench before another parent could claim it, and began an internet search for a solicitor specialising in family law.
Sherlock gave a lazy half-smile, reached to straighten the collar on the man’s shirt, folding it into place and smoothing it with between fingertips and thumbs. Yves Saint Laurent, off the rack but it fit him properly even without tailoring.
Sherlock felt tender toward him, then. John often tempered vulnerable moments with humour, a soothing buffer. For a long time, Sherlock had thought of it as a defensive reflex, bordering on self-deception, and then had grown intolerant of it, wishing for John to flay himself open and remain that way—raw and undeniable. Now he wondered if perhaps it wasn’t proof of John’s sincerity he was after, but rather proof he was suffering. Either way, Sherlock had relished too well any opportunity to pick at the exposed guts, for his own satisfaction, regardless of the pain it inflicted. He’d too often played relentless inquisitor to John’s righteous martyr.
, he told himself, and wrenched his neck left and back, where he could just see two curls of clean, smooth wire wrapped in green vinyl, and shining-new screw heads, in among the general filth and rust of the world collected beneath the bus’s bonnet. Sliding himself back out onto the open floor of the garage, he refined the thought.
Sherlock shifted, reached deep into the pocket of his pyjama bottoms, drew out the little packet he’d secreted there. He flattened his hand on the table, hiding it from John, not quite ready to lay himself completely bare.
“It’s not outrageous for me to worry, just a bit. The veteran Brawlers have had years to get used to you; the rest of the league only got confirmation of the rumours a couple months ago.”
