Peeling himself back to full height, he examines the hutch for what caused that rattling sound. It wasn’t just the creaky swing of the drawer pulls, it sounded like something had rolled. The top drawer sticks and it takes some tugging, but when it finally gives way he’s proved right on this, at least. Bits and pieces of a past life tumble to the front—a very old box of staples, an empty fountain pen, a thimble, a tin of shoe polish, and an old Kodak lens canister. Castiel studies each of them, wondering at how long they’ve been in there, who they belonged to.
It isn't long until he comes, still wrapped around Cas. He blacks out almost immediately, of course.
“Yes,” Castiel says at the same moment Meg says “No.” They shoot each other a look. Meg relents with a raise of her palm and settles back into the sofa with her cup and saucer.
"I'm the one who needs forgiveness, Dean," he says, running a thumb Dean's still-busted knuckles. "I've done things out of pride, out of desperation. Things you would not be proud of. I thought was I was doing them for you, to protect you, but now . . . I can't be sure." Cas shakes his head, but continues. "What I am sure of, Dean, is that being here is more important than fighting a corrupt war in your name. I would not choose to be anywhere else. I was lost, my spirit was crushed, but you brought me back, Dean. Being here with you—"
“Whatever,” Dean says, but the box of nails Castiel needs drifts up from the floor, within easy reach.
"Wait, you mean three times in under an hour?" Sam asks, forehead wrinkling in concern and pointing a thumb at the bathroom.
It's possible he passed out. Or blacked out. Either way when he opens his eyes and sits up, all he can think is
So here he is, standing on Sam Winchester’s front stoop, an ostensible photographer colleague with a bad case of nerves, whose only camera is the iPhone in his pocket.
"Sometimes I can't comprehend it. It's like the war—so massive I can't envision it all, so big it might overpower me, might sweep me away, swallow me.
"You should finish," Cas says when he's stopped the bleeding. He turns in the narrow space between Dean and the sink counter, handing him the razor. "Your hands are likely steadier than mine."
Dean moves out at the beginning of January, just after New Year's. It took a couple weeks but he found a place closer to Sam (not too close, though) and lined up a transfer to an affiliate auto parts store in South Bend. He's not sure he wants to keep the job—he has the rest of his life to do whatever he wants, after all—but for now he needs money from a place that doesn't do background checks, so it works out.
“It has four bedrooms, one full bath upstairs and a half bath downstairs,” Ava continues, glancing at her notes. “The main floor here, as you can see, also consists of a large living room, a dining area, and a really spectacular farm kitchen around the corner there.” All the fixtures appear original—the glass door knobs with brass plates on the beveled doors and the wood moldings throughout are particularly lovely. “Considering it hasn’t been occupied for quite a while, it’s in remarkable condition. Really well cared for. Or, preserved, I mean.” She clears her throat again. “Anyway, the plumbing is serviceable. Electricity is, um, sporadic?”
Castiel frowns. That rationale isn’t exactly rational. “I moved the china hutch in the dining room last week and you haven’t moved it back.”
It’s a new war, one Castiel hasn’t yet determined how to be part of, and one Dean would prefer he didn’t try to fight. He will though, maybe soon. If Castiel has learned anything the last few years it’s that humanity isn’t equivalent to weakness—as angels often assume, and as Dean should well know. Nevertheless, it’s taken him time to adjust, and Castiel understands he’s a target for the wrath of fallen Heaven. Remaining in the bunker while Sam and Dean risk their lives for information against Metatron is strategic, for now. But strategies change, and Castiel is slowly finding new strengths.
There isn't a clock in Dean's room that can be read in the dark, but it doesn't matter. The cycle of days and nights would be undetectable from the depths of the Men of Letters’ bunker, except that Castiel now feels a circadian pull. It's likely late.
Dean nods. That was the agreement—one ticket to ride out of Purgatory and call it splitsville once topside. He's not sorry, exactly, but he’s reluctant to let go of a strong ally. Reminding himself he's on terra firma, he nods and sticks out his hand. Benny grips it tight and even leans over to chuck Cas gently on the chin. Cas's head lolls against Dean's shoulder. "You take care, now."
Dean wants to ask just exactly what he thinks he means by that and tell him that Lisa and Ben don't know about Cas—because, hello, that's weird in the worlds-colliding way—but then Sam says, "Hey, dude, I've got a class," and Dean bites it back.
It’s accomplishment enough to boost his spirits and his appetite. His kitchen cupboards are empty though, and the fridge is in similar shape. Not allowing himself to stall out, he grabs his keys, stuffs his feet in shoes, and heads out the door. He’s had too many days inside, too much wallowing. He’s here. And that’s okay. And he’ll be okay. Things may be falling apart back East, but they are falling into place here.
As Castiel steps from the car and his black leather Cole Haans sink into the mud of Kansas soil for the first time, he is very conscious that nothing about him is typical here, and not only because he’s rumpled from twenty hours on the road.
Cas's kiss is smooth, but it comes with a scrape of stubble Dean hadn't noticed before. He smiles at that between short quick kisses, the kind that happen with the occasional tip of tongue.
you. Too much to let you go, as I should have." Cas frowns a bit—not a sad frown, just a faraway frown—and Dean wonders, not for the first time, how much Cas is still bucking the system to spend time with him. But then Cas goes all earnest angel again. "I had to do what was within my power to make you see what was possible."
"Yeah," Dean drawls, smiling widely as he works his fingers against Castiel's scalp. "Feels good to get clean, right?"
good it hurts. Everything is—" Dean belatedly realizes he's gripping his own dick again, pulling on it. He can't help it. The last however-many hours have programmed into him—into both of them—that this is the solution, that if he can get to the pleasure, the pain will stop. But now that's not true. Now he can't feel the difference.
Dean lingers in the entryway, translucent in the evening sun. “Okay, so let’s start over. Hi, honey, welcome home. How was your day?”
He pushes the power button on the remote and the TV glows back to life. It stays on and Castiel stays awake until just after dawn.
“What, you so scared of me you bring backup?” Debris begins to lift off the floor. Pieces of broken picture frame, shards of ceramic lamp, they hover at thigh height, ready to fly with a flick of Dean’s open hand.
Twenty minutes later, after the make-out session of a lifetime and saying a very sexually frustrated goodbye to an equally hard up but goddamn stubborn angel, Dean's combing his hair forward with his fingers and adjusting his jeans as Lisa and Ben announce their arrival.
“It’s fine,” Castiel replies, lips just brushing the crest of an ear. Dean smells of smoke and myrrh, the increasingly familiar scent of earthbound angels—his trip with Sam was successful, then. Castiel doesn’t ask how it went, what they learned.
Castiel swallows his prepared statement and forces himself at ease. Meg seems to like unsettling him—perhaps everyone—but the read he gets is playful rather than malicious.
Cas is a solid shadow, chin to his chest, hands clenched in determined fists, and fierce stare fixed on Dean. It's a look that says he's either going to smite you or fuck you. Dean swallows. Right now, his money's on smite.
Everything about Cas in that moment is passive compliance, as though he'd rather give way  to a whim than try to find one. "I trust you," is all he says.
“Never,” Dean taunts and shoves off the wall, paint brush making a wet stripe down Castiel’s arm as he bolts.
Castiel had drawn up a whole list with Meg of simple, reasonable, very basic questions he’d intended to ask the ghost, but all he can think to ask now is “You’ve killed demons?”
And that's how they are when Dean comes—Cas leaning in close, Dean's fist wrapped in Cas's tie, his legs bent up and around Cas's thighs. It rushes over him tidal-wave hard, and Cas's fingers feed the warm slick from tip to shaft as Dean's brain tumbles.
"Tell me about it," Dean rasps. Cas hooks his chin over Dean's head, runs a hand through his hair in comfort. It only makes the want inside Dean burn brighter, but at least that blocks out the stabbing agony for a second.  "Okay," he breathes. "Okay, so, I have to come a hundred times is what you're saying. I did three this morning but I . . . " Thinking is hard. Words are hard.
"Well, okay, let's think about this. Where've we been, who've we talked to? We don't think there's any witchcraft going on in this case, and—"
Dean makes an effort to suck down some chicken broth while it's still hot, because it's even grosser when it's cold. He wasn't kidding about wanting a cheeseburger instead. Sam’s told him he's anemic and that's why he's been craving red meat. He's probably right because, hell, at this point Dean would even kill for some spinach, Pop-Eye style. But eating anything other than wimpy shit like broth sends him to his knees in pain. It's like the purpose of this curse, or whatever, is to starve him to death. Slowly.
Unexpectedly, Dean offers the cloth to him. "You gotta do those on your own, man," he says, gesturing to Castiel's genitals without looking down himself. Castiel accepts the cloth and does what he thinks is appropriate as Dean fusses with bottles in the rack above their heads.
Without a word, Cas shifts into place behind Dean and Dean lets himself be handled, lets Cas bracket him with his legs, wrap his arms around Dean's sides. He lets Cas's hands soothe him, lets one hand smooth up to press him back against Cas's chest and the other travel lower, blunt nails carding lightly through scruff before they find skin.
“House ghost,” Dean says, leaning in, mouth hovering close to Castiel’s. “Can’t get more domestic than that.”
“Hey, it’s my house. You’re just living in it,” Dean counters. “And anyway, if I’d tried to scare you off, you’d be gone by now. Trust me. I’ve frightened off my share of folks.”
Dean didn't know it was possible to feel dizzy while laying down. But maybe it's the way Cas's demand went straight to his dick.
“I’ve got an entire section on the paranormal that begs to differ,” Meg says, pointing with her pencil back toward the book stacks. Castiel just chuckles again and shakes his head.
And with that, he flutters away, leaving Dean flushed and full of want in the good way. He turns around with a happy sigh that quickly switches to a frown at Sam's sappy, knowing grin, and lifts his duffle to shove it in the trunk. Something new catches his eye, though, and he stops.
Dean is working down Cas's wrists to his fingers, pulling off the dirt. The washcloth is turning black, the bathwater cloudy.
When Dean shrugs the light filtering into the room doesn’t flicker. He’s here but he’s also not. Castiel sees him—his hair is sandy blond, his henley is gray, his boots are black. He’s
He presses the bottle into Cas's hand and give him his best lusty grin. "The food's just the wrapping."
He comes on Cas's chest, fists and forehead pressed to the wall. When it's over, he slides down and slumps against Cas's side. His thighs still shake.
, Dean.") But after Dean makes him ditch the trench coat and shows him how to keep from losing a finger, Cas picks it up quick. He slices his way through a zucchini in no time, so Dean ends up showing him the whole shebang. He narrates as he takes Cas step by step through the rest, because when Dean wasn't watching soaps or porn during downtime, he was honing his culinary knowledge with cooking shows. (And half the time those food shows are like porn anyway, all intimate close-ups and juicy bright colors to spike your pulse and make you drool. Real life and porn are more easily confused than you'd think—shove it, Sam.) He has Cas slice up some peppers, then dice up the garlic and shake in the parsley, basil, and oregano while Dean puts bread slices spread with garlic butter and sprinkled with cheese in the oven and then stirs in tomato paste to thicken the sauce.
He feels Cas tremble at that and it gives him an idea. Dean fights the pain by concentrating on Cas. He nips at Cas's jaw and bucks his hips up to feel him, to make him feel. He moans and encourages, sucks at Cas's collarbone, digs his fingers into Cas's ass—does everything he can think of to make it so, so good for Cas. It's maybe the longest Dean has lasted the whole day.
“Oh, well, yes. But you haven’t changed your mind, right? I mean, not that there’s a reason you might have.”
It should not feel as good as it does when he comes. A gross, desperate jerk like that should not feel the same as a forty-five-minute workout.
He works at Cas, going for a little more lube when he needs it, sometimes just petting to relax him, occasionally teasing his hole. At one point he leans down to lap at Cas's nipple and Cas hums approval. He tests a finger, slipping it into Cas just up to the knuckle, and Cas buries his face into Dean's shoulder.
He had been ready, three days prior, when a phone call from the moving company informed him his delivery was delayed “due to an unforeseen delivery conflict,” but he isn’t ready now. He’s mid–paint prep in the living room and most of the way thought peeling several decades of wallpaper from the dining room.
Castiel clunks his head against the hutch with a sigh. “You win,” he mutters. The score so far is something like 800 to 0.
Sam gives that a considering “huh,” and slides his gaze to Meg. “What about you? Did you get to know him too?”
A couple seconds of rustling through the bags and he pulls out his final purchase—OUIJA. He settles cross-legged on the living room floor and pierces the plastic wrapping with a thumb, discarding it behind him. Meg had described the general principles to him, but he gives the instructions a cursory once-over, then lays open the board in front of him.
A hundred loves, he thinks, taking one last look. He thinks of Cas's low laugh, of his smart fingers, his steady, solid presence at Dean's side.
Castiel smiles, smoothing two fingers over an edge to clean off the dust. He rolls through the dial carefully, listening for any voice to cut through the static. Instead he finds music, pure jazz—better than what he’d hoped for—on a local NPR affiliate. He gives the cabinet an affectionate pat as he turns back to his unpacking, haphazardly humming along to Dave Douglas.
He wipes a hand over his face, pinching at his eyes. The sun is fully up now. It'll be a scorcher again, of course. Always is. He squeezes Cas's hand and gives him a smile before sitting up and reaching for his discarded clothes. Dean scrapes together the pieces of something like a uniform—dress code's pretty lax on the equator—and Cas moves about, too, cleaning himself up. He's got an unbuttoned shirt and some skivvies on by the time Dean's ready to go.
And then he's all up in Dean's personal space like they've never had four hundred conversations about this. "It's . . . instinct, for you."
After pie and coffee, Lisa's family leaves and Sam takes off to make the drive back to South Bend because he has a paper due Monday or something sadistic like that, and Ben scampers upstairs to go play Xbox with one of his cousins, who's staying the night. Lisa sighs happily and shoots Dean a grin. Then she stands to clear the plates, thanking Dean with a compliment and a kiss on the cheek as she goes. "Today I'm thankful that you play house with us," she comments as she heads toward the kitchen and Dean freezes.
For now, tonight, Castiel needs to exhaust him, needs to lead Dean to rest, so he searches with his fingers instead, feeling for that tender opening. He dips one finger into Dean’s body as he guides his cock under, slicking down along Dean’s taint, nudging his sac. Dean growls out a
with Cas. For years it was just another thing he shoved down deep, stuffed away in that emotional locker inside. Wasn't worth thinking about, more trouble in the long run, etc.
Cas only looks at him, eyes wide but expression unreadable. "You didn't have to save me," he whispers hoarsely.
Cas just watches as Dean cracks eggs. "You spent years acquiring credit cards under false names and hustling pool. Wasn't that stealing?"
Sam spreads his hands in a gesture identical to Dean’s. “I don’t know. I didn’t know he stayed. I thought after I left . . . I thought for sure he’d let go, somehow. That I was the reason he was sticking around and without me he’d give up. But damn, he sure is stubborn, isn’t he?” Sam’s eyes well with tears again, and Castiel feels his own prickle in sympathy. They share another watery smile.
Dean swallows back whatever's climbing up his throat, gives himself a minute to square what he's got to do, then gets up on unsteady knees to do it.
Sometimes Castiel thinks it’s alive, the house. Or coming back to life, maybe. It will if he does it right.
"Sam, it may be quite some more time," Cas says patiently, reasonably, like he isn't watching Dean hump a pillow in the middle of a sex-curse meltdown.
Dean glances up at Cas, taking in his just-open collar and crooked tie, full lips and mussed hair. He can't shut down what those things do to him, have been doing to him more and more lately, ever since Cas got back and cleaned himself up. And it's worse when Cas looks at him like this, all worried, wanting eyes. Dean's head spins. His balls tighten.
"Seriously?" Dean perks up for a second, stupidly proud. "Alright, so that's—" Math is also hard. "Eighteen? Just . . . Jesus fuck—" He doubles over fast, landing squarely in Cas's lap.
The toy soldier, Castiel thinks. It had probably been Dean’s, and Dean himself had been a soldier. “What service?”
It's late afternoon when he pulls up to the curb outside his new home. The place isn't that big of a deal, just a speck of a house. The immediate appeal for Dean, other than being readily available, was that he didn't have to share it—neighbors across a lawn were one thing, but people living on top of you or under you were a liability. He got to rent this whole two-bedroom house for a few hundred a month, plus utilities. The lease said he could even get a dog if he wanted one. But the thing that had sealed the deal for Dean was the kitchen. It was just a kitchen, and kind of small, but it was sunny and clean and  there was something about the reddish wood of the cabinets that felt homey and familiar. Like he could spend some time here. Plus the place came partially furnished, which is to say it was sporting a queen-sized bed and a dresser in one room and an old, heavy-legged table with chairs in the kitchen that matched the wood of the cabinets.
to do this to me," Dean pants, gripping his cock tight. "Not just help clean up some ugly curse's mess. It'll be better then," he promises, lips pressing the words into Cas's skin. "It'll be for real. I'll be so hard for you. I'll be this hard for you." He wrests Cas's hand from its grip on the sheets and wraps it around him, moving it up and down his shaft as Cas collapses forward, folding Dean in half and fucking deep.
Cas stills. Dean opens his eyes to see Cas looking up at him through his eyelashes, completely nonplussed. "Not my problem," he grates.
Dean's scowl is all for Sam, until it gets startled off his face by Cas slipping his hand into Dean's and lifting it to inspect his knuckles. He brushes a thumb over the cut at the corner of Dean's bottom lip and peers into Dean's eyes, not letting go of his hand. If this were a chick flick, Cas would be on the verge of confessing undying love. Just when Dean's about to make a crack about it, Cas says "Bobby," like a cue over his shoulder, and instantly Bobby's swivel-neck desk lamp flashes on right in Dean's eyes. He flinches and pulls away.
Dean Fuck-It-Why-Not Winchester goes after him, greasy fingers grabbing suit lapels and all. Cas melts into the kiss, digs his fingers into Dean's hair and allows Dean the lead.
"Yeah," Dean hisses. "It's—" He has to pant a couple times to catch his breath. He digs his fingers into the rumpled bedspread to keep from touching himself. The pain kicks up a notch, but that pleasure-burn is still there below it, beckoning him. "What the fuck," he spits. "It's stronger now. Cas, I don't think I can w—"
want, Dean." He presses tight against Dean's body, so tight Dean can feel that he's hard, too. "Because I know what I want."
Obviously he’s just forgetting. His concentration has been divided between several projects, so that’s possible. But in the last few days a number of his tools have gone missing entirely and even though he tells himself he just doesn’t recall wandering away with something in his hand, it’s beginning to try his patience. This was what every book on home repair he’s read warned about—moving onto a new project before fully completing your first (or second, or third) can lead to absentmindedness and induce exasperation. His experience can’t be all that atypical. Still, sometimes Castiel thinks the house is deliberately making things harder on him.
Castiel can’t help but reach out to stroke Dean’s temple, even if there’s nothing to connect with. He’s beautiful like this. “Soooo, no kissing?”
"But you like cars and you like food. Why does working with one bring you more satisfaction than another?"
He hasn't seen Cas in weeks and he's not exactly excited to see him now. This angelic intervention isn't helping any.
The tree line remains clear of threat so far, but Castiel can hear the Leviathan gathering, seeking him.
The kitchen is warm despite the January morning, and the sunlight glows on the cabinets, highlights the clutter on the counter. Dean gets a shiver in spite of the warmth. "Man, I have wicked déjà vu right now." Cas's eyebrows knit, so Dean explains, "Means I feel like I've done this before. Maybe I dreamt it." Then he smirks. "I used to dream about you, you know."
“Right.” Castiel nods as though that’s the most logical answer—though that might be the most logical thing he’s heard in the last five minutes.
A few hours later the house is jumble of boxes and furniture. It’s strange how it simultaneously seems like so much and yet so little. Castiel’s been living with so few possessions that the sea of cardboard before him feels like endless indulgence, though it’s striking that the contents of his entire New York life now fit in just one room of this house. Still, he’s far more excited to have his things than he expected to be. He unpacks his dishes so he can stop using paper plates, sorts his expanded wardrobe into his dresser, and even makes an appointment with the cable company to hook up his television and internet.
Darkness creeps through Dean's mind, pulling him down, but he has one more thing, just one more. He struggles against it. "Cas, whatever I've got, it's not . . . I didn't give it to anyone? I can't, right?"
Stuff from table clatters to the floor as Cas pushes Dean onto it. From flat on his back, Dean leans up to grin at him. "You are a kinky bastard, aren't you?" he teases as Cas drags down his boxers and jeans, but Cas doesn't answer and that's the last coherent thought Dean manages for a while.
Dean darts out a hand, palm open and fingers spread. If his eyes were still black, Castiel would panic and duck. But they’re clear green. Castiel meets Dean’s hand with his own and interlaces their fingers.
Castiel takes a deep breath, readying to recap events he hadn’t even fully shared with Meg. “I met him fairly early on. There’s still some furniture that belonged to your mother and grandmother in the house and he was upset I moved them, so he moved them back.”
Cas idly strokes along the insides of Dean's parted thighs, barely brushing his erection with the backs of his hands. The want in Dean roars.
The angel's attention shifts from Dean's fingers to his eyes and suddenly he goes all soft—his cheeks slacken, eyes widen. It's like he's so welled up with some unspeakable angel emotion he's going to start, like, leaking.
already, okay? No dice. It just . . . keeps coming back." If Dean could just curl up and die now, he would. He'd rather be decapitating Purgatory's uglies than telling his brother about his boner problems. But he can't go work a case like this. They've got a lead on the next tablet and they're supposed to go play insurance agents today. Popping a chubby in his suit pants over coffee with a grieving grandma of a widow is wrong on so many levels.
“So he left out the part about it being a one-time offer, I assume.” Sam winces as though he can see Castiel’s heart sink. “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me. Dean’s always the hero of his own stories, always in the right, never makes a mistake. And saying no to that reaper was a mistake.”
But then he remembers all those dreams and all that kissing in all those other kitchens and suddenly his brain is barreling toward a kind of conversation he's sure Cas wasn't intending to have. And if this keeps going in the direction Dean's brain is going, well—he needs to not be having this conversation anymore. Because dream make-outs with a hot angel are one thing, but there's no way that comes true.
He slips his hand around Cas's hip, fingers easily finding the dark scruff there. Dean tucks his nose against the back of Cas's neck and breathes deep—he woke up half hard and just touching Cas makes him harder. His fingers find Cas's own sleep-soft dick and he palms over it, fingers tucking down around the loose skin, cupping his balls. He massages, gently, uses his thumb to coax things along. Cas stirs, giving a sleepy, questioning hum. Dean smiles and kisses his shoulder in reply.
kitchen, and that's just weird. It's certainly not because the memory of those dreams—of Cas in kitchens—is making Dean's heart beat a little faster and his palms get a little sweaty. "Someone could see you."
Dean slides his hand into Cas's and steps in close. "Stay, Cas. I'm here because I want you here, so stay. Please. Lemme start over."
“Tell you what,” Meg wags her pencil at him before scribbling something on a post-it. “I’m off most days by six. Call me sometime and we can talk about how not-haunted your house is.” She sticks the post-it to the top book in his stack and smiles up at him.
He also doesn’t go to work. It’s poor form to take a week off this early in his tenure, but when he explains that his house is in need of fumigation, Anna is more than willing to give him space and time. It’s dishonest, of course, and Castiel doesn’t like the lie. He also doesn’t like that, if you carry through the metaphor, Dean is characterized as a pest. But the threat of bed bugs or termites or roaches—Castiel doesn’t specify—is enough to make his officemates relieved by his absence rather than suspicious.
“I’m learning to appreciate it,” Castiel replies, because he is. What he wants to ask is whether Dean has had much for comparison. Did he live and die in Kansas? Did he ever exist anywhere else?
Castiel’s shoulders drop and he sighs out his irrational tension. City instincts don’t apply to country living. Or maybe it’s living alone so far out in the country that’s making him paranoid. Either way, there’s nothing and no one here now. Just some cross-draft suction at work on weakened old door latches. Castiel supposes he’ll have to look into repairing or replacing those after all. He closes the kitchen door and secures the lock, then heads back out to the hall.
Alarm kicks up in Castiel. “You were killed by campus police?” Surely that would’ve made headlines. He could ask Meg for the newspaper articles.
Cas takes off his trench coat as though he's going to help, only he doesn't. Instead he settles on one of the nearby barstools and watches. He watches Dean crack open the container of leftover chicken parts, watches his fingers as he begins to pluck meat from the bones.
As soon as he reaches the upstairs hall, he hears an outraged howl. It’s Dean. Castiel hurls himself down the stairs and skids to halt next to where Sam is crumpled on the floor, not far into the living room. He’s bloodied and bruised but conscious, and staring at Dean.
Dean seems to startle, blinking several times in rapid succession even as he looks elsewhere. "You what? Oh, yeah. You look, uh, better."
He’d tried to warn them—tried to save them—and they punished him for it. They took his office, his company phone, his building access card. They gave him a severance and escorted him out of the building. And on that last elevator ride, falling fast as the floors ticked by, stood between the two security guards that held his elbows while he held the box of his personal belongings, Castiel did the calculation and knew he couldn’t stay in the city. They weren’t just taking his livelihood, they were taking his home. He’d never find another job on Wall Street—the black mark for getting kicked out of Angelus was the permanent kind—and he wouldn’t keep his loft or lifestyle long without one. The only life he knew how to live was effectively over. His only option was to start a new one, preferably somewhere far, far away.
Cas proceeds to fuck him into the mattress, which is how Dean comes the good ol' fashioned way, knees to his shoulders and cupping his junk out of the way as he begs Cas not to stop, never to stop.
"No, he . . . " Sam gets fidgety. "He said something about having a deal to break and that he had to go."
He's moved from the bedroom back to the kitchen and is currently debating which is the best cupboard to house all those little spice jars when Cas reappears. At his sides he's dangling a six pack from one hand and two grease-stained paper bags that surely contain burgers and fries from the other.
A week, a heap of used sandpaper, and a can of primer later, the dining room already looks fresher, brighter, friendlier—even with the china hutch looming at the center of the room covered in a drop cloth. He spends a morning applying the first coat of paint to the room, but when his stomach growls in protest that he neglected to ingest anything other than coffee for breakfast, he concedes to a break.
It wasn’t lost on him that he was hiding among the walls of this house even as he was cleaning them.
“I did.” Castiel shrugs and takes another drink of his beer. Dean pushes off from the railing and takes a seat on the steps beside Castiel, triggering another series of questions: If Dean is non-corporeal, how does he move as though he has weight? How does he sit on the stairs instead of sinking through them? “Can I ask you something?” he ventures.
Castiel just shrugs. “I get the impression your good opinion is difficult to obtain. I appreciate that I’ve secured it.”
Cas does look, but not for long. He turns his face away, lip bit and breath held. Sorrow and reluctance and something unreadable quiver on his face. It takes him two tries before he speaks. "Dean, I—" he stops again, huffs. "I see your pain, Dean. But I also see you as I always have."
"Yeah, well, you could've just asked," Dean jokes, because his other option is to let the lump in his throat choke him to death, but Cas misses the cue.
It doesn't sound like a question, but there's a little too much disbelief in Cas's voice than Dean thinks is fair.  "Yeah, okay, you caught me," he deadpans, digging out the mushrooms from the piles of plastic produce bags on the counter. Cas just looks on with undisguised surprise and interest as Dean breaks open the plastic wrap and counts out mushrooms. "You here on business, or did you just drop in to gawk?" Dean prods. Even after years, it's still unnerving being the receiving end of that stare.
"You aren't hearing me, Dean," Cas insists, grabbing his wrist. "I'm not supposed to exist." His eyes are huge with conviction.
"Dean," Cas stops him short, putting a hand to Dean's face. Dean catches a musky, salty scent—Cas's fingers smell like sex, like Dean. "Do you trust me?"
makes him tired. It's like somebody flipped the STUPID switch in his brain. He can't concentrate, can't come up with the words he wants. At least while he's sleeping he doesn't have to think at all, not about the pain wringing through his abdomen, or Sam's 120 touchy-feely questions, or how there's no cure, no answer.
Since then he’s bounced around the house, unofficial overseer of Castiel’s restorations. Sometimes he’s swept into a pocket, but most of the time he’s stationed on a shelf or countertop or stack of books. It’s not really a conscious thing. Castiel scoops him up, juggles him in his palm as he thinks about his next move, tosses and catches him idly, like someone more athletic might toss a tennis or baseball. It helps him think, and if he also occasionally gets lost for a time wondering about where the little green army man came from and who left him behind. (A child? a grieving parent?) Well, Castiel works on his own time now. There’s no one to scold him for daydreaming.
"Brother, your angel friend just brought you back from the dead," the vampire explains. He is clearly relieved, though there is wary wonder in his glance at Castiel.
"The curse, it's like, I don't know, confusing the good with the bad. Everything that feels good feels
"Look at me, Dean." Cas taps his cheek. "Look at me. It's the last time. You need to stay with me, Dean."
But since Purgatory? Dean doesn't know. It's like the locker sprung open. Shit just keeps tumbling out, and he's trying to let it. This wasn't something he'd wrapped his head around yet, but it was on the list. He'll just have to shove it away for a little while longer to get through this.
Always so polite, that Cas, even when he's not acting officer. Dean smiles and obliges, dipping down to nudge that tight point of muscle again.
His stocking foot is soaked with red and starting to feel slimy. He only put down so much plastic as drop cloth and certainly can’t cross the living room leaving bloody footprints in his wake. Well, he could. He might have to. Telling himself he can just sand down any paint droplets later when he refinishes the hardwood, Castiel cautiously puts down his roller, balances on his dry foot, and removes his paint-covered sock.
“You can run but you can’t hide!” Dean calls before he comes into view, and Castiel is ready for him. He flicks his brush hard as soon as Dean appears, droplets spraying over Dean’s bare arms and shoulders as he tries to block assault. “Oh that’s it, you are so done for,” Dean threatens. He swoops in close, bracketing Castiel in against the wall and Castiel feels paint globs land in his hair.
"Cas, fuck. Fuck, I want to—" Dean wants to make Cas come. Dean wants Cas to make him come. Dean wants Cas stripped bare and begging. He wants a lot of things he can't have because what if . . . Because someone could  . . .
Cas kisses him then. Not his shoulder or his throat but his mouth. Dean's coming in Cas's hand for the twentieth time, groaning through it, and Cas is right there, bearing it with him. And then he just covers Dean's mouth with his, tilts his head and seals his open mouth over Dean's. Not to stop him, but as though he wants to pull the sound from Dean's lips into his lungs, wants Dean's sound inside him. And, fuck, that thought's enough to send Dean off again, spiraling back into arousal so soon after release.
Dean shifts to the side and spins Cas to face him. "It's the thought that counts," he shrugs. Cas laughs again and taps at the pancake.
Just as he did with the electric razor, Dean works carefully around the corners of Cas's jaw, tipping his head with gentle directions from his fingertips. This time, though, Cas's eyes are open.
Dean convulses. His whole body bounces and trembles as he tries to fuck into the strokes of Cas’s hand without losing the attention of his mouth. “Cas!” he wails, voice broken. “Fucking hell, fucking— Christ.
Working on the house may have actually been easier in the weeks before Dean appeared. It certainly was before Dean started providing narration.
Dean grins up at him in a way that’s both annoying and charming. “Nah. Bugging you is in the job description, or haven’t you been listening?”
Castiel crosses the attic as quickly and quietly as he can and pushes the photos far behind himself, further smearing pictures across the floor. It doesn’t matter as long as they’re out of the way, away from what he’s about to do. He yanks open the trunk.
Castiel’s eyes lock with Meg’s and hope fills the ache in his chest. He doesn’t know what Sam Winchester would be able to do. He’s positive it’s a terrible idea to show up on someone’s doorstep to ask about their dead brother. But to be able to talk to someone who knew Dean, knew what it is to live with his ghost . . .
On his way back to the car, Castiel begins to pick out differences and details he hadn’t noticed earlier. Namely, the empty storefronts. There aren’t many, yet. There will be more. Out of curiosity—or, perhaps, penance—he bounces over a few state streets to gain a sense of Lawrence residential life. It’s not reassuring. The houses are quaint turn-of-the-last-century types, some more in need of lawn care than others. If Castiel didn’t know what he does, he’d call it solidly middle class. Except, there’s nothing solid about it. How many of those homes were purchased in the last few years? How many have adjustable-rate mortgages with interest rates that are starting to spike?
"You can't just start eating burgers and pizza again, Dean. Your body doesn't know what to do with that."
That’s when there’s a knock, of course. The sound ricochets up the stairs, startling him into almost dropping everything. Castiel sighs. The window installation service was scheduled for today—another thing he’d forgotten entirely. They can wait a minute, surely.
"You have to go, Dean. Now. Find the vampire. I'll remain here. They won't pursue you." Castiel collapses to the forest floor, hands and knees sinking into the damp mulch. He coughs and blood fills his mouth, spatters the leaves beneath him.
He spreads his palms on the cool plaster of the wall, rolls his cheek against it too. He's on his knees and Cas is under him, in front of him, his mouth—his mouth is really good. Too good, too too good. Awesome, even. Dean's thighs shake. He tries to think about something else. He doesn't want to come already, or does he? He tries to think.
Cas pauses before he does it, though, poised to ask permission, get confirmation that this is okay. His mouth hovers just above Dean's cock and there's no answer other than yes. Except maybe, "Fuck yes," which is what Dean says. Cas sinks down on him then. He laps at Dean's semi-soft cock, lapping until it's full and tight again. All of Dean's veins are on fire. Cas licks and pulls and sucks him off in a way that leaves Dean grasping at Cas's collar, his knees bending and kicking as he gives himself over to the soft, hot, wet attention of Cas's mouth. And he calls Cas's name, begging and encouraging
Bitter as he is over Angelus’s crash and what it means for the future, he doesn’t regret his move to Kansas or what the house has taught him so far. And after an evening away, he’d found himself thinking about going home and surprised by how the phrase seemed only to apply to this place, here.
Dean puts up with the small talk thing for all of thirty seconds before he asks if Sam has heard from Cas. It's not that he wants to talk about it. It's that he's worried.
"Tell you what," Sam says, still vaguely amused and suddenly in a hurry. "I'll give Mrs. Wheeler a call to reschedule our appointment then head back to the museum. Maybe something we looked at there yesterday can give us a clue as to what's, um,
"There's one thing we ain't considered," Bobby says, voice low, and Dean can picture him speaking to that glass of bourbon clutched to his chest, not meeting anybody's eyes. "Might not be anything oogly boogly at all. Might just be a regular ol' human thing. Could be he's just plain sick with something."
"I don't know, Dean. Saturday?" Sam's bitchface is audible. "It was Saturday night. He showed up all mopey and weird. He said you weren't getting it. Or that you were getting it because you asked him to stay for dinner, but you weren't because you can't expect him to do the same thing forever, or something."
When he turns around again, Cas is there. Dean jolts, but his mouthful of pie prevents him from cussing.
“Sam. Younger’n me. Raised the kid myself, mostly, what with Mom dead and Dad a half-functioning drunk.” The kitchen temperature drops a dozen degrees as Dean answers, and his expression remains shuttered.
Sam shrugs, turns down the corners of his mouth like it's no big deal as he swings the passenger side door open. "I had a day off."
"Yeah, well, it's called the Horn of a Hundred Loves," Sam continues, and Dean snorts. "Lame, I know, but it was part of an ancient fertility rite. The tribes-people believed it would, uh, keep you going, you know, like a hundred times."
face to Bobby and Cas. Neither of them break their stony expressions. He rolls his eyes. "Okay, so I'm a little run down. It happens. Nothing a little R&R won't fix. After this case," he emphasizes, throwing a look to Sam, who hasn't shut up about it and it's potential relevance to the second coming of the end of days, "I'll lay low. Promise. But maybe we oughtta stop whatever's killing people in Sioux City first."
in general. It's become Cas's routine as much as Dean's, kind of like hunting had. He's become part of the process, made himself essential. Dean tries not feel touched by that, but there's some kind of vice around his lungs anyway as he says, "You could stay for dinner, you know. I mean, if you wanted."
If that's the bad news, the good news is that it looks like Cas knows where he is when he looks up at Dean this time. "Yeah, I got that," Dean replies. He gets Cas seated back on the bed. "Okay, plan B. You stay there," he points as he leaves the room, like Cas is capable of sneaking off anywhere.
Meg makes a face. “Yeah, nobody wants that.” She grabs the chip bag and unapologetically pops it open, crunching down a couple. Castiel reaches for one and pokes into the gooey center of his sandwich—another flavor palate trick Dean he had taught him.
Still, though, Castiel thinks of Sam. Of a young man wracked with guilt over the loss of his older brother, his last remaining family member. And then that young man finds his brother has rejected peace, has chosen to stay in their home and pretend nothing has changed, to dog his steps and probably playfully hide his college textbooks.
Meg slips a hand into Castiel’s and squeezes as he begins his answer. “The last time I saw him, Dean was sucking energy into himself like a black hole. He had me locked in the house, objects were spinning through the room in a whirlwind, and his eyes were black. Entirely black.”
Cas huffs a laugh, but a bashful, flattered smile makes it all the way to his eyes, which makes Dean smile too. Dean clanks the neck of his bottle to Cas's in a quick toast and doesn't take his eyes from Cas as he takes his first sip. He didn't know angels could blush.
Cas could look. In the bath he looked tired and sore, but in the way a battle-worn solider might after an ass kicking. But standing there freshly showered and half naked, Cas looks . . . doable. No. Well, yes, that too, but Dean thinks what he means is accessible. Approachable. Or maybe just vulnerable. Whatever. He's not a thesaurus.
Dean's brain flatlines a little as Cas seizes another kiss from him, hips still pumping against Dean's hand. It's when he realizes Cas is trembling that he remembers there's a bed nearby. He doesn't know if the trembling is because Cas is exhausted or just that turned on, but he has a solution for both.
"May we return to our initial topic now?" Cas steps to the counter, brushing into Dean's space. Dean tenses.
A flash of what just took place hits Dean, and that burn picks up again, sweet and enticing. His mouth practically waters, even as his conscience cringes. He never thought he could hate wanting to have sex, but
That's all Dean does for an exquisite stretch: slip in and out of Cas, one finger, two fingers at a time, pulling out to smooth over his entrance, slick his body, soothe and tease and stretch. He kisses where he can, bites at Cas's shoulder, and just touches, just watches Cas take his touch. No hurry.
Dean needs Cas's voice to not sound so much like sex, and he needs his pants off pronto. The two seem to be related, but he doesn't have time to think about that.
Dean takes the blade from him carefully. "Never done this before to somebody else," he warns. "Been told I’m pretty good with sharp objects, though," he adds lamely.
Cas complies, moving slow, like his muscles are protesting every inch. But it's not that, Dean sees as Cas draws near. His chest seizes as the bruises on Cas's back come into view. They're huge. Dark at the center, over his shoulder blades, and turning a mottled purple-red as they spread out and down, tapering off low on his back. They look like one of those ink-blot tests. Or like wings.
Castiel is still gripping the shower curtain for support. It might be the humid air of the bathroom, but he's beginning to feel light-headed again. "Dean—"
Dean's got a little brother who'll be old enough to fight in a year. He'd be out here already if Dean hadn't begged him not to lie about his age on his enlistment papers and finish high school first. He doesn't want to think about Sammy manning a machine gun, or seeing half the shit he's seen. Dean looks over at Cas, wishing for the thousandth time he was still CO in Dean's boat. He's already got too much to lose on these front lines.
“This is not incredible,” Castiel pants, bending over a second to catch his breath. “This is my house. I need to live here.”
Meg’s eyes are assessing him again and he allows himself to assess in return, noting her long dark hair and open face. There’s something appealing about her cheekbones. It’s also been a long time since Castiel felt like noticing someone. He suspects Meg’s motivation is different than his own, but he won’t dismiss the possibility of friendship. He’d never had many friends, just brothers and coworkers—his family had been his job and his job had been his life. He isn’t sure what his life is now, but it has more room in it.
Dean swipes a hand over his face as he puts it all together. Of course Cas had been working an angle. This probably goes all the way back to Cas asking if Dean was sleeping with Lisa. No, before that—to Dean telling Cas he's a secret. And, Christ, what does that mean about that first kiss? It was what? Cas's attempt to bribe him?
Cas's clever fingers haven't stopped, Cas's mouth is strong and sure. He strokes over that lightning spot inside Dean, sucks hollow-cheeked on Dean's full, aching cock. Dean pours himself into Cas's hands, melts into his trustworthy hold. He has Dean in every way possible.
He swipes his own brush in a feint at Dean’s middle. Dean sucks in his stomach but his t-shirt doesn’t make it out unscathed. “’Tis but scratch!” Dean shouts and tugs his shirt up and over his with ease, until it reaches his wrist and the paint brush.
Cas's centuries are suddenly visible, and sorrow is etched in every one. It's the most familiar the angel has looked in months. "Dean—"
come back. Because somewhere around week three of Cas's return Dean realizes that the apocalypse has been over for half a year and the only friends he has are the same ones he had when he only had time to worry about saving the world. And he hates how the feeling of missing something lingers even while he's fully awake.
“Well, no . . .” He can almost hear Meg’s judgmental eyebrows raise. “I thought I was misplacing tools, but now I— I suspect he’s been moving them. And there was that time—a few times?—all the doors in the house opened. And occasionally the television comes on in the middle of the night.”
“Hey, can I ask you something?” Sam’s in the passenger seat, his knees grazing the dash even with the seat pushed all the way back.
Castiel looks up and cocks his head, realizing something very important for the first time. “You spoke with your brother? After, I mean. As a ghost?”
Dean comes with Cas's wet fingers inside him and reverent fascination written all over that wide, blue-eyed stare—he's almost not sure which one set him off first. Cas keeps going, at Dean's insistence, circling, stretching until he slides clean into him, stuttering Dean's name and digging his fingers into his flesh, face screwed up like a sin. Dean smoothes the creases from Cas's forehead with his thumbs; kisses his cheekbone, his eyebrow, his bottom lip; and tells him to move.
reruns on Lifetime, but he always makes sure to scrape at least something together so Lisa doesn't have to.
“There’s a clawfoot tub up there!” Ava pipes up, bending to the side in an attempt to follow Castiel with her voice. “Cast iron!” Castiel nods and backs off the stairs.
Cas echoes his smile—it squeezes all the way up to the corners of his eyes—and Dean leans down to kiss him. Cas's tongue traces Dean's bottom lip, sucks it between his teeth. He makes a feast of Dean's mouth, kissing and tasting as though he's a home-cooked meal or a friggin' last supper. Dean doesn't think twice about giving him all he's got.
"You are NOT coming in, Sammy," Dean threatens, holding the door fast. Cas comes out of the bathroom, wiping his hands on a towel. His tie is off, his collar open, sleeves rolled up. So of course Dean's dick kicks into gear. He feels flushed all over already.
"Here ya go," Dean says, switching it on. He offers the buzzing razor to Cas, who looks at the thing the way he does demons—all mistrust and distaste. Dean rolls his eyes. "Okay, here, let me. You'd probably just dork it up anyway."
That makes Castiel quirk a smile. “Legal isn’t the same as true, or ethical.” Angelus had gotten away with plenty of legal financial maneuvers; it didn’t make them right.
The plan for now is to travel as much as possible and return home every time to this house. Thanks to a creative sourcing assist from Gabriel—who was so pleased to hear Castiel is out from under Michael’s thumb, he threatened to come visit—Dean has a fake driver’s license good enough to get him behind the wheel and land some contracting work while they’re not on the road.
He clutches at Cas's shoulders, claws at his own skin. Pain rages, his nerves flash. Cas's fist, Cas's fingers fuck him deep and fast, pushing and pulling him closer and closer. Dean can feel the curse lash out.
That makes Dean shift, but he continues. “They didn’t get along, him and Dad. Got so good at peacekeeping at home, figured I’d go work on it overseas and joined up with the Marines.”
Cas looks troubled, but Dean is too tired for more words to explain. He just knows it's better when Cas is here, and that it's somehow better for Cas, too.
Miraculously, Cas pulls off. He has that interrupted-and-angry look, complete with well-used red lips, but Dean tugs at him more and tries to, like,
"He keeps all his bones," Dean says to himself, turning to the side to check on his bruise. "But not one of them is broken."
"Sammy didn't get to be Gigantor on Lucky Charms alone," Dean shrugs. "Somebody had to feed him real food," he adds, so that Cas doesn't think he was wheeling and dealing with leprechauns or anything.
"Cas!" Dean's hands are on him in seconds, turning him over, sitting him down, searching for wounds. "Cas, talk to me, buddy."
Castiel allows himself to be carried to the porch and up the steps, but drops his feet when they get there. He moves to sit on the top step, one hand gripped over Dean’s belted waistband to pull him into his lap. Dean complies into a straddle over Castiel’s thighs.
With an awkward kind of head bob, Cas seems to concede the point. "This is a change for the better," he says solemnly. "It . . . suits you."
Dean is kissing him again, their mouths tangling, probing, but "I got you," he says, his arm tightening around Castiel's back even as his thigh pushes between Castiel's legs, both preventing him from falling and sending pleasure coursing up through him. He moans again, kisses Dean in return more fiercely.
This kiss starts deep and stays slow. Dean slides one hand up the back of Castiel’s neck, fingers burying in his hair, while his other thumb strokes the jumping pulse in Castiel’s neck in a way that drives heat straight to Castiel’s groin. They chase each other’s taste between breaths and Castiel rakes his fingers down Dean’s bare back and sides, forever enchanted by all that inviting skin, by the warm swells of muscle, by Dean alive and well under his hands.
Dean hits the ground flat with a grunt, his legs giving out. He's still got Cas's arm clamped around his shoulders, but the angel is a near-dead weight along his side. Dean pushes away panic when it’s clear Cas is breathing.
For a good three seconds, Dean can only gape. Then he shakes in head in the hope some pieces will fall into place. It doesn't work.
Dean hits it. He tenses hard, curses and comes, praising Cas as he spills all over his knuckles. Cas comes in the iron grip of Dean's orgasm and Dean doesn't dare let go until he's done, until he collapses, boneless and panting at Dean's neck.
Laser lightning starts to fly as their demony friend gets more pissed off. Bobby's still looking down at the words, still rooted to the spot and determined to send the spirit packing. Zuul fires more bolts his way and Dean shouts at him to move, get down,
Honesty isn't part of the curse, Dean's just lost his grip on that locker door. And it's pretty much guaranteed to turn Cas on.
As a pretense of productivity one morning, he begins shoving around furniture, telling himself he’s determining the floor plan for after he refinishes the hardwood. Plus, it keeps him from watching the news.
He’s standing in the kitchen with the refrigerator door open contemplating giving grilled cheese another try when a voice behind him says, “Bacon.”
Castiel skims the last page of the deed of sale before signing each copy. “Bottom copy is mine?” he asks, even as he tugs it out of the stack.
Castiel winces, remembering his melting groceries. And he never did eat lunch. “I think I called to ask you what I should do.”
Other than the expanse of visible sky, what strikes Castiel most is the amount of space below it. Orderly angle parking and broad intersections with wide shoulders stretch the cityscape. There’s room for parking lots and grass curb strips and crosswalks with brick inlay. It’s not as though he’s never visited a small city before, but it’s different thinking about how this may be his city now.
CNN has the story. Angelus is failing. It’s sold off its shares in a fire sale, tanking the market in a day. Analysts are worried it’s the first domino to fall. There’s live footage outside Angelus headquarters, a static shot of the building’s entrance, no one entering or exiting. The crawl at the bottom of the screen ticks off the damage to the Dow, stock prices falling, falling, falling.
Dean peels his attention away from the sunset and down to Castiel. “Yeah, you strike me as a city slicker. New York, right?”
Dean scrubs at his face with his not-come-covered hand, trying to figure out when the last time he passed out after sex was. He can't.
That's when Dean realizes that, at some point, Cas got good at this, at all of it—slicing, roasting, sauteing, tasting,
"You gotta try this, c'mere," he jerks his head in invitation, still stirring, but Cas stays put. "No, really. Try this. You helped make it, you get to reap the rewards."
"Anyway, the thing about rhinoceros horn being an aphrodisiac is a myth, but from what I can tell this Horn of a Hundred Loves wasn't supposed to work like this in the fertility rite," Sam explains. "Not so fast and, uh, painful, I mean. And it wasn't specifically programmed for one hundred times, obviously. That part came with the, um, curse."
Dean's eyebrows climb. If he didn't know better, he'd say that sounded downright fond. He clears his throat. "Yeah, thanks. Now don't just stand there," he nods to the rest of the unchopped vegetables, "Help."
"Yeah, okay," he says louder, "c'mere." He manages to let go with one hand long enough to flick his fingers in the universal sign for
“No,” Castiel answers again, only this time Sam says it with him. He looks to his left and Sam shrugs.
The following Sunday there’s sunlight trickling through the window as Castiel lays in bed, just on the verge of awareness. A slight shift of shadow makes him blink awake, only to find green eyes and crows feet peering at him from the next pillow over.
"Dude, what're you doing? You're not supposed to be here," Dean hisses like a teenager with something to hide, but Cas just does the head-tilt thing.
The build takes longer this time, and Dean winds up growling out a string of dirty things he doesn't mean to, because that's what happens when you're on the brink of orgasm for eons. He pulls and shoves at Cas too. Drags him closer by a belt loop until Cas inches forward on his knees to settle between Dean's legs. Pushes Cas back to shove off that stupid suit jacket. Claws at his chest and catches his tie to yank him near again.
That makes Dean's stomach clench and his hackles go up. "Okay then, so, new goal: no more dying." It sounds harsher and more defensive than he'd meant it to.
“Eventually he began appearing daily. He helped me with some of the repairs, told me stories about his life and about haunting families who’d lived there. He takes great pride in the house and keeping it safe, from people and from other spirits.” This time when Sam smiles, Castiel shares in it.
A day and a half day of dry air and fluorescent, ’70s bricked sunlessness has made Castiel more appreciative of his modern, windowed workplace. And the lore . . . It’s mostly nonsense. Or, that’s his initial reaction each time he comes across chapters on orbs or ectoplasm. But enough of the accounts echo his lived experiences that he reminds himself that he can’t dismiss it all out of hand. Unexplained noises. Displaced objects. Sourceless whispers or laughter. Cold spots.
When he snaps out of it, Sam is making his dude-that's-disturbing bitchface and tells him that anger is the second stage in the grief process.
"Sonofabitch, Sam. I get it now, okay?" Dean grits his teeth. "If he comes back, just tell him I get it now."
By then Dean feels stronger. He's up and walking around, he gets dressed and showers every day—the whole nine. His skin is smoothing, its color returning and the scars fading. He's been eating a lot of ice cream. He's working up to pie. None of this means it doesn't scare the shit outta him when Cas materializes in Bobby's kitchen.
He strokes and kisses in counterpoint a few more times, then lifts his mouth away and straightens up. Castiel coaxes Dean up onto all fours again, hand under his chest, erection teasing against Dean’s ass through his boxers. “Come on, come up,” he whispers, voice grating in his throat. “Feel that?” he adds, lightly rubbing his hard dick against Dean.
In an instant, Cas grabs Dean's hips and pulls him tight to the cleft of his ass, grinding back against him. He even bends forward, parting his cheeks enough to cradle Dean's dick. Dean loses his breath. Dirty fucking angel.
It’s an obituary for one Patrick Leahy from 2007. Castiel scrunches his eyebrows, trying to understand how this is relevant and Meg points him to sentence toward the end. He reads it aloud to himself. “Survived by his daughter Eileen [Sam] Winchester of Lebanon, Kansas.”
"C'mere." Dean waves him into a kiss and Cas complies, seeming to regain his faculties as they go. In fact, it's Cas who breaks off first. He pulls back, alert and grinning.
“But I’d also like to be able to ask you questions, to know more about your past. This thing—us—it’s not exactly normal, as you said.” Castiel drags a fingertip along Dean’s jaw, delineating the air where its edge should be, imagining he could feel the scruff of Dean’s light five o’clock shadow. “And I don’t mind that, but I do mind you shutting me out.”
“Good,” Castiel bobs his head affirmatively, then begins tugging his tie loose. “Now I’m going to go change and then I’m going to fix myself an after-work cocktail and sit on my porch with my ghost boyfriend, and you’re going to tell me about Sam.”
"I'll hold you to that," Cas says, still panting, and Dean nods, holding his breath against the pain that hasn't gone away.
Dean's own emotions quickly shuffle from totally ticked off to not-really-sure-what's-going-on nervous.
“This chick, she’s got long dark hair, big eyes. She’s pretty, you know? But I don’t know her. And she’s in my house saying, ‘Come with me, it’s time to go,’ and I’m like, ‘Lady, I’m not going anywhere with you,’ because why would I? I’m home. Then she says, and I remember she was so calm, so nice about it, ‘Dean, you’re dead. You can’t stay here anymore because you need to pass on’ and— No, no, no, don’t let it slip! Aw, c’mon, you almost had it.”
The words are something of a surprise; he can’t say why he thinks that. Maybe he’s just stubborn, but with every layer of grime he lifts, every small task he completes, the house already feels less empty.
, the angel's coming at him like he'd been hit by Famine again and Dean was the new red meat. And talk about a surprise. Here Dean had been feeling guilty and weird for having dreams about just kissing an angel, and then Cas waltzes in, pins Dean's ass to a countertop, and pulls a few moves that he sure as hell didn't pick up in Heaven. Not that he's not flattered but, well, Jesus.
It's not the conventional choice. Certainly not what he'd set out to find after sealing the deal on saving the world. But—Dean sees the hundred times Cas quirked smiles at him across the kitchen island, remembers the look on his face after that first taste of spaghetti sauce, his earnest expression as he'd asked Dean to explain more about cooking—it doesn't look so bad. It seems like it could be comfortable. And durable. Like it might hold up under all the shit Dean's sure to put it through.
Castiel nods again. He’s at a loss for how to get closer to what he wants to know without resorting to Meg’s bluntness and he can sense her impatience.
Almost as suddenly as he began, Dean leaves off, dipping his hands into the bath water to shake off the lather. "All right, rinse time. If I turn on the shower, think you can keep yourself on two legs long enough to rinse off?"
Panic hooks deep into Castiel's chest. It's true. He knows it's true. But he can't act. Can't risk killing the man he's fought so hard to protect. Dean has already sacrificed more than any mortal man should ever have been allowed to give, and this may be a gift freely given, but it's also
Lots of things happen kind of at once then. The lights blow. Sam starts shouting for Cas, or at Cas, or something—Dean can't tell because Bobby's babbling beside him, saying things like "hang on, idjit" and "stay with me, Dean." There's another fucking pain in through his abdomen, and it's hard to breathe.
It turns out Cas is sort of a crazy perfectionist (really, Dean shouldn't be surprised by that) and it turns out that's kind of hot (ditto). Cas takes a strategic approach to each vegetable, considering the best angle before making the first precise cut, asking how Dean would like it (Dean's mostly sure he imagines the innuendo there): sliced or chopped or diced. And then Cas sets about his task, sleeves rolled up to bare taut, slender wrists that lead to nimble fingers. Dean has to force himself not to watch Cas wash carrots. Or potatoes. Or anything that involves stroking or fondling. It makes him drop stuff and burn things, like himself.
Last night they'd taken their time picking up the wreckage from their kitchen table adventure—the kitchen table that is now set for two, Dean notices with a pang of fondness. Afterward, Dean had cajoled Cas into the bedroom for the express purpose of sucking him off, because he was sure it would blow Cas's mind. It did, and Dean's pretty sure he's now addicted to making Cas writhe and whimper and come. His new goal is to make Cas curse. He has a couple ideas on how to make that happen.
and instead capitalize on the perfect opening to ask about Dean’s haunting habits. “So you were here? Since the beginning, I mean.”
play it; he can't roll out his usual game, not in Lisa's freaking kitchen, not with an angel of the Lord, and not with Cas because it shouldn't be a game with Cas, and since when did he make that decision?—he goes with the cold shoulder.
He licks his bottom lip. "No," he answers, letting go of Dean's wrist and stepping away like he's ready to leave.
Between them, they get Cas naked without leaving the bed, and it's only then Dean realizes Cas is hard too. His cock is heavy and red and ready enough to be leaking. A flash of panic hits Dean, because Cas isn't supposed to do that, be that, either. But he is. Because of Dean.
He’s positive it’s impossible for the house to laugh at him, but Castiel also swears he hears a whisper-light chuckle all the same.
Based on the fact that she’s now calling him for the third day in a row, he doesn’t think she’s buying it. He accepts the call and pinches the phone between his ear and shoulder, continuing to fiddle with his screwdriver and new outlet covers.
"I'm on a diet. Nice of you to notice. Gotta keep my girlish figure," Dean deflects and shuffles toward the kitchen. He isn't hungry—hasn't been hungry in days, actually—but he isn't going to have this conversation, either. Any second now Sam will step in and catch Cas up on the crazy-ass sigil thing happening in Iowa. Instead, Sam steps in front of Dean, blocking his path.
But Dean's hands are on him again, peeling back his coat, lifting his shirt. This time he finds the gaping, glowing slice in Castiel's back, deep enough to penetrate his lung and his grace. Castiel winces.
"Sonofa—" Dean mutters, but then he shouts too, his hips bucking hard up under Castiel, surging into his body, and Castiel is pleased to hear his name fall in full drop from Dean's lips.
The smile wipes from Dean’s face and he aims a finger gun at the back wall. “Radio goes over there.”
"I'm here, Dean," Cas whispers, lips somewhere near his ear as his hand softly scoops into place once more. "I'm here."
Cas shudders, clutches tighter at Dean, but he shakes his head. "Fuck me first," he says, and Dean almost loses it at the rough gravel of his voice.
"So, I thought," Dean glues his eyes to the snow-covered curb and shuffles to his feet, fists shoved deep in his pockets. "I mean, I got this place now, so I thought you should know that you, uh," insecurity clutches his chest like fingers of cold in his lungs. He's probably grimacing when he looks up to meet Cas eye to eye, but he refuses to shut down now. "You can show up any time, okay? Stay for dinner. Hell, spend the night." Cas's expression goes hungry at that and Dean swallows. "So," he clears his throat, "yeah. Mi casa, es su casa. Capisce?"
When Cas reaches around his waist, Dean doesn't object, just lets the angel slip against him, sturdy, warm, solid.
Dean squeezes his eyes shut. His chest feels so full he thinks it might split open. "Cas—" he tries, voice cracking. He feels himself slipping.
"I have to tell you all the things I've done. Your opinion of me may change once you know . . ." He shakes his head, changing tack and picking up speed and turning on the imploring, "I've tried to undo them, Dean, but there's danger for us now, all of us. Unknown things await if Crowley succeeds in opening the door to Purgatory and—"
At  some point Dean passed out. He knows this because he wakes up on his bed at Bobby's again, still in his jeans but not his boots, and with a bandage stuck to his stomach. Cas is wringing out a bloody cloth over a bowl and there's a box of bandages on the bed.
“We don’t have a lot of time, Dean,” Castiel tells him, confirming the fear spreading over Dean’s face.
"You can have me, Dean," comes Cas's low rumble. Dean pulls back, startled, and tries to determine Cas's expression in the dark. He makes out pale cheeks shadowed by downcast eyes. "It's . . .
Dean huffs it off with a half smile, resisting the urge to check on Cas more closely. "You know where we are?"
The angel's frowning now, too. "No. I've done what I can, but it's . . . It's not within my power, apparently." He glances down nervously, moving the bowl from the bed onto the nightstand. Dean's eyes follow.
"What the hell are you doing here, boy?" he scolds. Dean pants and swallows and holds out the crumpled page with the incantation. Bobby snatches it from him with an eye roll. "Idjit."
“To me, to Dad. Hell, to Bobby. And you come back now to ‘help’? It’s a little late for that, Sammy, don’t you think? We’re all dead!”
To his right is clearly the children’s department—a medley of bright colors, low shelving units, and not particularly quiet children—in front of him is the circulation desk and adult fiction. To his left, just beyond the racks of new arrivals, he spots a sign for the reference section. He nods politely at the elderly woman behind the circulation desk who’s peering at him over her reading glasses as he makes his way over.
He shakes his head, lips into a thin line. Dean rolls his eyes. "Look, I'll do whatever you or Heaven or whoever needs me to do, okay? I get that I'm the universe's bitch. Not saying I like it, but I get it. Bad shit happens, and better to me than somebody else. So, just, lay it on me."
, Dean thinks, holding his breath and curling in on himself as pain slices through his abdomen. It's the flu, or something. That's all. Once Bobby and Sam clear out and Cas flickers off to wherever, Dean's going down there and grabbing some books on sigils. He has a hunch it's gotta be a demon thing.
Cas leaves that evening before the chili's done, even though Lisa and Ben won't be back. He's silent as he rinses off his cutting board, collects his coat, and kisses Dean good-bye. All of it done a little slowly, a little sadly. Dean's heart sticks in his throat the whole time.
Dean catches a few winks himself downstairs on the couch, just in case somebody comes home. Nobody does.
“Point is, she was a reaper, okay? There’s a big afterlife secret for you. Reapers exist, and I said no to one. You’re supposed to be impressed.”
"It's alright," Cas says, and he's already on his feet, but hanging back, uncertain. "Tell me what you need."
"Both," Dean snaps, and cringes as the first perk of arousal hits him. "I can't," he gestures at his crotch, "You know, make it stop."
Dean's balls beginning to pull tight, that building, burn of being so close. But no, it's too close. Way too close. He doesn't want to be done yet.
Dean begins to tug Cas's white shirt up from where it's been eternally tucked into his pants. He pulls the fabric free in handfuls, slips his hands beneath it and onto Cas's skin for the first time. Cas sucks in a breath, immediately exhaling Dean's name. Dean drags his palms up Cas's back, down his spine, around his ribs. "Dean— Dean—" Cas repeats between bites and kisses along Dean's ear and neck, like he can't remember what whe wanted to say beyond that. Dean moves one hand down around Cas's ass, holding his body hard against him as he ruts forward to feel Cas's hard-on next to his. Cas groans deep. Dean almost loses it.
Dean's more than grateful the war hasn't swallowed Cas. He doesn't worry about his own survival—PTs are shit duty for the crazy and dangerous, sure, but his boat is fast and its crew fierce. So long as there's no Jakes in the air, they got a shot. The higher-ups see it the other way round, though. They decided Cas's pretty ass is too precious to risk on a disposable boat and made him XO on a destroyer. But Cas's tin can is a floating target 24/7, and what just happened to
Castiel lowers the grocery bags as carefully as he can with shaky arms and steps over them into the room. The furniture is scattered out of its arrangement. The couch has been shoved aside, rucking up the area rug along the way, and the TV stand looks as though it’s been yanked straight away from the wall, its plug still trailing. The radio console is all the way back across the room, exactly where it had started.
be here, and the more light spills above the horizon the truer that is. Cas's officer quarters might have walls, but that's not the same thing as privacy. They're still on base. They're still surrounded by a few thousand sailors. They're still flirting with a court martial and dishonorable discharge. But this, this never happens—Cas's ship docked for resupply at the same time, same place as Dean's PT boat is put up for repair.
Leviathan plummet to the earth around them, sinuous black shapes molding upward into bodies. They're circling.
Cas starts to protest again, "Dean, this isn't—" but Dean darts between his words and Cas's lips fall around the spoon. His eyes snap shut and he moans. When Dean pulls the spoon away, Cas leans after it, humming. "Mmm. Dean." His eyes open, hazy blue and pupils wide with pleasure. "That is very good."
"I'm thinking of getting my own place," Dean interrupts, because some things are more important than Sam's beauty rest. Lisa had been awesome about the idea last night, but in the light of day Dean's nerves are shot to hell. Which is lame, by the way. He can track down a Wendigo and knife all manner of monsters at close range, but the idea of apartment hunting scares the shit out of him. Go figure.
No one knows how many lives are going to suffer from this better than he does. The first day he’d tried to carry on, to run errands in town, but watching all those people, all these average, middle-class, striving Americans walking around with no understanding of what’s about to happen, what has happened, what it will mean for them for the next ten, twenty years. This isn’t a problem that can be solved. It’s only the beginning. And he’s so sorry. He tried to stop it.
“Okay. Wow, okay.” Sam sinks into a brainstorming mode. “Please know I’m not blaming the victim here, but is there anything you know of that may have caused him to do those things? Lock you in, for example?”
. It's shredding at his nerves. It's all he can think about. He groans deep as the pain churns into pleasure again.
"Here, lean up," he says, taking a seat on the edge, facing Cas. He dunks the washcloth into the hot water and grabs the bar of soap.
"I'm awake," Dean nods, sitting up slowly. He still has all his bumps and bruises, plus the burn, which itches like a mofo all the sudden.
He has a routine, a reason to get out of a bed. It’s an improvement. There’ve even been days he hasn’t thought of Angelus at all, and he’d pushed away the guilt that came with that realization by hammering down the floorboards harder.
Castiel pushes hard into the kiss, still play-fighting, and gets pinned firmly to the wall in exchange. Dean’s hips roll against his and Castiel moans before sucking a bite into Dean’s shoulder. Then he whispers, seductively as possible, “Drop the brush.”
It’s easier to deny something happened than to know what to expect now. He had allowed himself to want, had welcomed it and let it wash over him, only to find himself alone. It threatens to destabilize him, and he wants to be angry.
First there's a rustle of invisible wings and then there's Cas in his trench coat, leaning almost lazily against the countertop.
He greets her with a nod and solemn hello. She shuffles the folders from one arm to the other and digs into her pocket to pull out a house key.
A hundred horrible explanations fly through Dean's head. He leans back to look Cas in the eye. "What do you mean." It's not a question.
"It's early," Dean shrugs, wrapping his fingers all the way around Cas's length now. "You can go back to sleep if you want."
That night, Dean's alone in the bathroom again, brushing his teeth this time. He spits and rinses and takes another long look at himself in the mirror.
Dean clenches his teeth and swallows. Cas is just standing there, sagging against the counter, powerless, shirtless, hopeless, lifeless. It's cutting too close, too far into the space inside he purposefully keeps buried over. Cas is supposed to fight, supposed to smite and conquer and ride Dean's ass until he does the right thing. He's supposed to
Cas begins to glower so Dean puts up his hands and points to the house. Cas seems to take note of their unfamiliar surroundings then and, shooting one last doubtful glance at Dean, he turns.
"But I want it," he says, rock solid with determination. "Dean, I won't run from it. I'll make it part of me instead."
He tips his face into his pillow and gives himself a moment of giddy, embarrassed joy. He should have known it wouldn’t matter what he decided to believe or to forget. Because if there is one overarching, defining characteristic of Dean Winchester it’s persistence. Dean’s persistence is responsible for his continued existence over thirty years after his death, and for his appearance in Castiel’s bed.
“Hard evidence that my house is haunted?” he teases, noting photos with realty signs in front of houses he doesn’t recognize declaring them “Not Haunted” and a few documents peppered with legal jargon.
“If you can move objects, you could hand me things instead of hiding them. You’ve spent years making people’s lives harder, but if I’m so ‘mediocre’ at repairs and you’re such an expert, why not lend a hand?” Castiel pins Dean with a look he knows used to make even the loftiest Angelus brokers feel shame. “It obviously wouldn’t kill you,” he adds.
Castiel gives chase as Dean arcs wide around the maple tree. Steps away from the black ’67 Chevy Impala in need of some engine work that’s parked in the drive, Dean does drop the brush and allows himself to be captured with another kiss.
the first time, but he thinks he gets it now. The rest of his life used to vary between any second now and a couple years at best—say, 2014. But that isn't true anymore. Dean has decades now. Decades to do whatever he wants.
The car waiting behind Dean honks. He makes a face in the rearview and waves acknowledgement before turning left through the now green light.
Cas's hands flutter up to his shoulders, seeking anchor, but Dean weaves their fingers together and pins them down. He sets his knees and fucks him faster now, feeling the strain burn in his thighs, the aftershocks of Cas's orgasm pulse around him. Dean sucks kisses from Cas's mouth, their skin slippery, his dogs tags pooling on Cas's chest, Cas's hair in hopeless, sweaty spikes. Dean wants to erase everything around them—the barracks, the island, the war, the world—to make this moment stay and the rest disappear.
might be reaching, but he likes this little life he’s building and has been on an even keel. But now it’s 3:00 AM and he’s not certain he’s slept at all since forcing himself to bed around midnight.
It’s only after his eyelids slide closed, his chin droops to his chest, and the remote slips to the floor that the television switches back to the sex-scene channel.
"If this problem continues, you can't keep dealing with it alone. You'll die of exhaustion or exertion, whichever comes first."
“Hey, forgive me for breaking up the broment here, but that can’t just be it. Cas needs his house back.”
Castiel straightens as Meg takes a seat next to him. “I thought food wasn’t permitted in the library.” She’d obviously packed the sandwich for him that morning before she left for work, and Castiel is touched.
Meg pushes the doorbell and they hear footsteps inside. The door swings open on a man who is unmistakably Sam. "Hey, welcome," he greets, and there’s the barest hint of a twang in his voice. His hairline has receded and his hair is a little shorter and grayer than in the photos Castiel found in the attic, but the planes and angles of his nose and cheekbones have barely changed.
"One thing you can't seem to get through your angel brain is that just because living ain't easy doesn't mean it's not worth it. If that were true, we both know I'd've been dead a long time ago. And it's goddamn well worth it that you're standing in front of me right now instead of having your face eaten off by a Leviathan in monster heaven."
Months then, Dean guesses, standing back—finally—to make sure he didn't miss a spot. Cas looks older and younger clean shaven. His skin looks new and baby faced, but the creases at his eyes are more evident, more ancient.
“There’s an old farm house just outside of town. I understand it’s been empty for several years.” He wonders again about what he’d found in the china hutch—the fountain pen, the shoe polish, the toy soldier that’s still standing sentry over his dining room.
He takes a few steps forward to peer out the door and over the porch, but there’s no van or truck parked beside his rental. Castiel can’t quite explain it, but he suddenly has the feeling he’s being watched. It prickles over him, a light buzz of static over his skin, raising the hair at the nape of his neck and along his forearms. “Is someone here?” he asks as he turns and makes his way toward the kitchen. He adjusts his grip on the wrench in his hand, ignoring the sudden dampness of his palm.
But Dean notices that no matter what the meal or whether they've finished, Cas flutters away before Lisa gets home.
"Where'd you even get all this?" Dean asks, wading into the mess. He picks up a burnt pancake and taps it against the edge of the stove. It's solid.
His first reaction is to close his eyes again and sigh with relief. Of course Dean is there. Of course he crowds immediately across the boundary only just opened to him. Of course.
Dean's just hit the bed again when there's a knock at the door and the sound of a key in the lock. He flies up and claps himself against the back of door before it opens more than an inch.
"Dude, what have you guys been doing? No, wait, don't answer that. It's about food, or something, and sounds kinky. I don't want to know. But look, Cas says he's done just about everything he can to get you to move out and you won't do it. So, what's with the change of heart? I mean, I'm all for it, but—"
He’s not surprised when Dean follows. He is surprised by the clomp of Dean’s boots on the wooden steps behind him. It’s a lot of noise for a man that’s usually half transparent, especially since he’s still talking. “But she says it’s bad news if I stay, or some shit. Everyone gets just one chance to cross and this one’s mine.”
Of course he wants Cas. That's not new. Not entirely. It's just easier now, here. In this in-between, after all that's happened and before whatever's next.
Cas looks at him warily, and Dean can see him putting pieces together. "It's been getting harder to make you come. Taking longer." He lets that sink in for Dean. "This isn't going to be easy."
Sam switches to confused face. "Just overnight. But we thought that was it, we didn't think you'd make it. But—you're awake!"
The kitchen’s cherry woodwork is dusty but thankfully unpainted and the cupboard doors are windowed. They’re dirty but only a few are broken. At the end of the cabinets, there’s a sturdy door with a window that leads outside, to a wide-open backyard that bleeds into neighboring fields and distant horizon. Castiel’s not a great judge of distance, but the nearest dot of white indicating another farmhouse seems miles off.
Dean maneuvers over to Cas, climbing into his lap again, pressing close and wrapping Cas's arms around him. "I don't think you and I know what easy looks like, Cas." He kisses him, surprised and relieved almost to the point of tears to find that this, at least, is still good and warm and painless. "We're used to doing things the hard way."
He stops the groping and starts crowding Cas backward toward the bed. Cas catches on and wastes no time in shakily stripping off Dean's t-shirt before his legs hit the mattress. Dean follows Cas onto the bed, both pairs of borrowed sweatpants getting shucked along the way.
Castiel sprints to Sam’s side and pulls at an elbow to help him up. “I got this,” Sam whispers as he gets to his feet. “Go.”
Dean scoots back and sinks lazily next to him. Their shoulders press together and Dean's sex-Spidey sense begins to tingle. "A hundred times," he mopes.
“I tried to tell him, so many times,” Dean continues, “But Sammy he just . . . Well, he left anyway.”
Dean half sobs with how good it is as Cas takes him in again, and he can't stop his hips from blindly fucking forward. It's really important he comes, he remembers. He pushes, once, twice, three times and then— "Shit." He pulls away. "Shit shit shit,
After a few final, slow drags of his fingers, Castiel shifts, pressing the heels of his hands into Dean’s buttocks. He kneads gently, spreading Dean a little wider with each roll. He wishes he could see the pert rise of Dean’s ass, the peek exposed pink, but he’s also intrigued by this blindness. It’s like being without his grace—there’s still so much he can sense: touch, sound, taste, smell.
Dean leans forward, elbows on his knees and half smile pointed at the porch floor boards. “You sound like a shrink again, Cas.”
"What? No, hey, I'm good. Totally good." He hears Sam drop his phone and curse. He rolls his eyes as he waits for him to get back on the line. "So, what did he say about me?"
Talking to the toy soldier started after the TV incident. He recognizes it’s maybe a little nuts, but somehow it feels less nuts pretending someone is actually in the house than suspecting the spirit of a deceased someone is. In the back of his brain there’s a memory of his coworkers lampooning Tom Hanks and a volleyball, but he continues talking aloud to the soldier anyway.
"And, sure, I cook. But it's not like I'm going to open a restaurant or anything. Maybe I'd do a diner. Nothing fancy. Just short-order stuff, maybe. Eggs and sausage. Bacon cheeseburgers. Maybe some pie on the counter. No salad." He frowns some, whittling chunks of dark meat down to size, blunt knife blade meeting his thumb each time. "It's not like I've thought about it."
Dinner's not made. The tub of chicken is upended and all the meat Dean shredded is scattered in a greasy mess on the floor.
“Heya handsome, I have something for you,” Meg calls as Castiel steps into the reference department. Silence really isn’t the prized commodity for a library Castiel had always imagined it was, and anyway he’s usually the only patron in this section.
Dean grins and gets set. Cas bites his bottom lip and strains, silent, as Dean pushes in. Dean groans loudly and starts in on a string of curses, overloaded by the hot pressure, but he's cut off by Cas slapping a palm over his mouth and narrowing his eyes. He almost laughs but doesn't, only huffs from deep in his lungs, too distracted by the tight fit of Cas's body anyhow.
He signs the forms where Ava’s marked X’s, using the trunk of her car as a desk while she chatters about the charms of rural living. She assures him the county road commission plows his road in the winter, reports that the U.S. mail delivers right up to the porch, and suggests his property would support a great garden. Castiel imagines his hands covered in the same soil that’s on his shoes and suppresses a smile. He’s never played in a sandbox let alone dug in the dirt to grow his own food. “I think there’s plenty of work to be done inside the house first,” he says wryly, but as gently as he can.
He moves, experimentally, lifting his body just slightly and lowering it again. Dean's hands clutch for him, his mouth finds Castiel’s own, licking a kiss across it and cursing against his lips. "Fuck, Cas. Fuck, do that again."
Dean's swallows past that lump in his throat again. "All right, fine. Have it your way,"  he sighs, rolling this eyes, but his chest feels tight with secret satisfaction. And as he shoves at the pillow beneath his head, he thinks he catches a fond half smile from Cas.
In the sick yellow light, his ribs are shadowed like washboards. The long bruise on his side is a dark splotch, dripping down like spilled ink, and the burn forms a diagonal jagged gash, swollen and crusted. There are cuts too, or remainders of them. Pink and brown wounds sealed over but not
“Something’s happened,” Castiel sighs. “Your brother hasn’t been himself lately. He’s become dangerous to the point where I haven’t been able to stay at the house. I’d like to . . . to help him move on, or put him to rest. And I’m wondering whether you might know how I can do that.”
"Sure, where'd we leave off? Oh, that's right. Sam's been teaching you how to ask annoying personal questions."
Cas dips and drags that one slick, smart finger in and around the rim of Dean's body, knowing exactly what to do to tease. Dean twitches and squirms at every touch. It's jagged bolts of pain, flashes of
Castiel nods. Two years, then. Sam had lived with the ghost of his brother for two years. “And do you know about any of the families after you?”
“In that case, care to join me on my couch?” Castiel asks. He gets to his feet and stretches, rolling his shoulders and letting pins and needles work their way out of his legs.
He finishes painting the dining room and huffs and puffs the china hutch back where Dean had wanted it, as requested. The army man returns not to the drawer but to a shelf where he can sight out the glass into the room. And this time Castiel doesn’t think he’s imagining it when sometimes the little figure is pointed in a new direction, like toward the kitchen when just yesterday he was facing the front window. Now it’s confirmation he’s not crazy and Dean really is around somewhere.
"Good," Cas nods absently, moving closer. "I thought so," he says against Dean's mouth. And then he kisses him.
Cas tilts his head in silent question at Dean. Dean flicks a look to the door, and shakes his head. Cas puts down the towel and crosses the room, taking a seat at the end of the bed but keeping a respectable distance from Dean and, thankfully, staying out of his direct eye line.
“This is Dean.” It isn’t a question but Castiel nods. “It’s the last thing he said to me.” Sam’s voice quavers, and Castiel can feel the pain of Sam’s memory as acutely as he does his own. He puts a comforting hand on Sam’s shoulder before turning away.
One of Sam’s eyebrows spikes and Castiel glares at Meg. She shrugs at him. “Tell the man why you’re here, Clarence.”
Cas nods. Neither of them moves. There's no telling when they'll be together next. They can't risk this again, not here. But they'll find their way back. They have so far.
“Ah, yes. That’s what we—I—wanted to speak to you about.” Castiel leans forward, elbows on knees and tea cup held gingerly in his fingertips. “When did you last live there?”
Usually it’s Dean’s fingers against Castiel’s body, stroking tender and intimate until they’re inside, until he’s wide open and wanting, an ache so marvelous it can only be human. But Castiel isn’t the one in need tonight.
The second of silence on the other end means Meg’s gotten the message, but of course what she says—chiding—is “Oh but, honey, there’s no such thing.”
Dean's not sure he's got 100 percent of that, but he understands at least one underlying truth—much as they might want peace, they're made for war. For however long it lasts, or even longer, this is what they are.
"Who? Cas? He said something about blueberry pie, and that Lisa and Ben were there, or something? I don't know, I was studying. And I didn't know you'd told them about Cas but, hey, if they're cool with it then that's cool."
Somewhere along the line he wakes up in the middle of the night to find the chair across from his bed is empty. He squints through the dark to see if Cas is lurking in a corner before sitting up gingerly. "Ow, Jesus," he whispers, ghosting a hand over his bandage. It probably needs changing. Dean's cold—he's always cold; Sam says it's the weight loss—and he doesn't want to get out of bed, but he sucks it up. He gets to his feet and shuffles out the door and down the hall to the bathroom, peeking into Sam's room on the way. Sam's passed out with a book on his chest. Dean keeps going.
Meg looks at Castiel with excited eyes, but Castiel feels more likely to start tearing up along with Sam.
"Jesus Christ," Dean splutters, doubling over and dropping onto one of the beds, elbows on knees and head in his hands. A visit from their friendly neighborhood angel is really not what he needs right now. What he needs is a tranquilizer dart. Or to come his brains out. Whatever. Just to make this stop.
It takes Castiel a moment to find his voice. In cosmic terms, yes, it was a mistake for Dean to deny a reaper. In personal terms, Castiel is selfishly glad Dean messed that one up.
Dean laughs at that, loudly and freely. His joy is cut short by a punch of pain, though, and he ends up coughing. "Aw, fuck." He can feel it, that painful insistence. It's building strong already. "That was fast."
“That’s great.” Sam smiles and the age creases in his cheeks turn into dimples. “I’m really glad the old place has gotten some attention. I haven’t been back in decades, but I know it’d been empty for a while.”
Dean frowns at his stack of crackers. "Of all the royally un-fucking fair things in our lives, this wins. Beats em all, you know that? Because I don't get why it's me. And why
Cas studies him for a few lingering seconds, then nods and Dean feels the room settle, like the molecules in air had been waiting for Cas's takeoff.
Castiel watches as Dean continues to minister to him. His face is set with concentration, brow creased. But there is another, richer expression Castiel understands in Dean's actions—contrition. As he bathes Castiel's underarms, his knees and calves, his feet, he performs an act of humility, of service, of honor. Castiel isn't worthy of Dean's honor, but because it is given, he feels it all the same.
So that first time nothing happened. No big deal. But the idea is in Dean's head now, and it's getting harder to escape.  It doesn't help that he has other real memories of Cas in kitchens. Like Cas in Bobby's kitchen, crowding in close and threatening to throw Dean back into hell.  And Cas in Chuck's kitchen, shouting that he'll hold them off, he'll hold them all off. It's all a jumble of power and domesticity in Dean's brain—holy terror and the comfort of home rolled into one blue-eyed, super serious dude with messy hair and metaphysical wings. It's . . . confusing. And kind of hot. Dean tries not to think about it. Much.
“I understand.” Castiel wishes Sam would never stop. He wants to hear every story he has to tell, soak up every detail of Sam’s impressions and interpretations of Dean. But Meg has a point. They have a problem that needs solving.
Dean pushes on the pillow, his hips nudging up even without his consent. It's no longer just a feeling inside him, it's a
Dean twitches his head back toward the boxes waiting in the Impala. "Seeing as this is kind of your fault, you could help, you know," he suggests.
The next thing Dean's aware of is movement on the bed next to him. He opens his eyes, confused. Cas was just there and now he's not.
Turns out the problem is runic magic gone bad. Chaos magic with too little knowledge, too much charging of energies and
Cas gets caught in cataloguing Dean. He touches and kisses him everywhere—arms, elbows, abs, thighs—fingers stroking and palms smoothing by turns. It's all to the good, but Dean's dick aches for attention.
"Dean, I can't." Castiel's breaths are sloppy. His lungs feel heavy, shredded. As tattered as his grace.
Cas's hands grip Dean by the ass, pulling him in to grind against, just once, quickly, before they move on working their way up his ribs. But it was enough for Dean to feel how hard Cas is again. He tilts his head, letting Cas suck at his neck, loving that soft mouth, and moves his hand over just a few inches, dragging the side of one finger up the curve of Cas's erection.
Once they’re seated and served, Eileen takes her leave with a kiss to the top of Sam’s head before disappearing down the stairs. His lips purse with a light blush before he looks up at Castiel and Meg again. “So. What paper did you say you were from?”
Maybe anger lends the focus Castiel needed, because he sinks the next three nails with just two hits each.
Occasionally, Dean dreams about Cas. In most of those dreams, Cas is in a kitchen. And most of the time, he's cooking.
Any other time Dean would go down on him so fast. He'd return the favor, repay Cas for all of this, everything he's done. That's just manners. But it's more than that. Dean wants it too.
"Yeah." Dean can hear Sam's confused face. "Dude, is everything okay? You sound kind of . . . stressed out."
Dean scrabbles with Castiel’s shorts while Castiel concentrates on keeping the soft, blunt head of Dean’s dick nudging against the base of his wrist. When Dean’s fingers find Castiel’s own cock he trembles, breathless.
“I . . . The board game? No. Those things are superstitious nonsense, why would I need a ouija board?”
They both groan as Cas slides down onto Dean's cock. He does go slow, but he doesn't hesitate, taking Dean in full before Dean can argue. But, fuck, who can argue with that? Cas is tight and gloriously slick and warm. He's hunched above Dean, one hand on the mattress for balance, his eyes screwed shut but mouth hanging open in shock and awe.
Shoving aside that thought before it turns bitter, he sets down his mug and moves to make toast. The contents of his New York apartment are due to arrive in a few days and he’s resolved to dust and sweep and generally clean the rooms on the first floor to prepare the space. He’s decided to begin with the dining room, since it’s the smallest. Looking out at the sunrise, toast in one hand, Castiel reaches for his coffee with the other, but his hand passes through air. He glances down at the countertop to see the mug perched on the very edge, not at all where he thought he’d set it down. He shrugs to himself, and reaches for it, but just as his fingers brush its side, the mug tips to the floor and coffee splashes over the floor and up the wall.
They’ve divided up the research. Meg is redoubling her local history search efforts on the Campbells and Winchesters while Castiel dives into ghost lore. She’d selected the texts most likely to be useful but otherwise leaves him to it while she goes about her work.
The bright heat of Dean's soul curls around Castiel's fingertips, tender and familiar. It soaks into his skin, through his vessel's veins, rushing to restore the breech in his grace. He feels the wound gather and repair, feels the caress of its power like the brush of Dean's hand. It fills him, but he dare not take too much. He eases away, knowing his name is again inscribed in the depths of Dean's soul—an undeserved honor he selfishly cherishes.
Because he's had plenty of practice, it only takes Dean a second to decode that from cryptic angelspeak. Translation: Why stay here?
"I don't understand," Cas says as Dean turns to plop the mushrooms into the pot and stir. "If you have always been capable of preparing nutritious food for yourself and your brother, why did you only eat pizza and fried chicken and hamburgers?"
Cas presses his forehead to Dean's then, cupping a hand around the back of his neck. "Then trust me when I say that we will see you through this," he says. "You've conquered many worse foes."
A middle-aged man in a polo shirt stands outside the open front door. He waves a tube of paper he’s got rolled in one hand. “Hey. I’m here to take a look at your windows. Novak, right?”
Cas smiles softly to himself and continues to stir the pot. "Thank you, Dean," he responds, but it's not an acceptance.
Once in the bathroom, Cas leans against the sink counter as Dean shuts the door—to keep the heat in, he reasons. He turns back and tugs at the hem of Cas's shirt and jerks his chin for arms up. Cas does as he's told and Dean pulls the graying cotton shirt up and off.
"The fuck?" Dean mutters as he wills it down. He zips up around it with his lip between his teeth, then pushes on his crotch like a thirteen-year-old in biology class, but there's nothing doing. It doesn't take long for it to start to hurt. "Motherfucker," he spits as that warm burn in his gut twinges hard, like somebody kicked him in the nads, and he accidentally squeezes half the toothpaste out of the tube.
He waits until he's done eating to ask about Cas, until Sam's grabbing his bowl and about to head downstairs, so it seems like an afterthought instead of his only thought.
His errant hips have a similar effect on Dean, though. He gives a short groan that Castiel feels in addition to hears and Dean mimics the movement, pushing his own pelvis up and into Castiel's. Arousal meets arousal and Castiel shivers and moans, one hand quickly gripping behind him for support.
Dean snorts. He looks down at his hands, over at Cas's stockinged feet. He doesn't want to think about the creeping memory of euphoria, the sneaky thing that whispers
dig. But Castiel finds it hard to answer. He’d spent so much time doing his own questioning his relationship with Dean—whether it was real, or too good to be true, or unhealthy. Or over. He decides to focus on the specifics of Sam’s question, like a well-coached witness for the defense.
"No, listen," Dean pushes, "I wasn't trying to off myself, okay? I was trying to make sure I'm still fucking
This is more information than Ava ever provided him—not that he was interested in asking at the time. But one thing stands out among Meg’s description more than the others.
Reminding himself he has to get back to cleaning before he loses all momentum—and daylight—Castiel closes the drawer, leaving the little collection where he found it, where the original owners presumably wanted it. But on impulse he pops open the display glass door and sets the toy soldier on a shelf, positioning him just so before gently shutting it again. He couldn’t say why.
"I don't know, it's just different," he shrugs, going back to shredding the chicken without really thinking about it. "Car stuff's good. It's easy. There's always an answer."
He shifts back to his spot on the bed and gathers Cas to him. Cas slips into his lap more than happily and takes over his mouth with kisses. Dean kisses him back, but his hands are busy opening the jar. He gets what he needs and takes a minute to appreciate the very aroused angel straddling him—fisting his cock for a few strokes to watch him swoon, kissing his throat—but ultimately he slides his ass down the bed, turning onto his side, and tugs Cas with him.
He settles for kissing Cas hello and taking the booze and burgers off his hands. "Score one for Sammy," he says as he plops them on the table next to a box marked
“Telling them they were outside an acceptable margin of risk and could potentially crash the market.”
"It's me, Dean. I'm the reason you're ill." Cas picks up speed, "I was corrupt, 'crushed in spirit.' 'When the righteous cry for help, the Lord hears and delivers them out of all their troubles. The Lord is near to the brokenhearted and saves the crushed in spirit.' It's you and me, Dean. You were sickened to save me. To keep me here, to show me— To stop me from—"
They’re in the kitchen. Castiel with his suit coat off and tie loose at his neck as he examines his benefits package folder, Dean leaning back in a chair with his boots on the kitchen table. If he weren’t a ghost that would be precarious and unsanitary.
Stillness settles over Sam. The ankle balanced on his opposite knee stops jouncing. His long fingers press flat, one hand on his thigh, the other on an armrest.
"Shit. Cas, that's—" It's Dean's eyes doing the searching now, darting over Cas's face, hardly daring to meet his gaze. "I can't run."
On a whim he weaves his way through the boxes and hunts for a plug on the console radio that came with the house. He’d discovered earlier that the cabinet’s four doors actually hide a turntable, a speaker, and a cupboard with upright slots for records in addition to the radio. He doesn’t really expect it to work—it’s so old any number of things could be broken, not to mention the house’s sporadic electrical problems. But to his surprise it pops to life and lights up when he plugs it in.
Dean's in a bad way. He's jerked off twice already this morning and each time he's right back to where he began—hard up. The first time he jacked off was just because. A quick yank in the shower over morning wood and half-remembered dreams of a firm body and something feathery. But his boner came right back. Sprung up again in the two minutes it took to use the shampoo. He took care of it again, trying out longer strokes this time, a little ball-touch action, really working it out of his system. He felt good as he came, good enough to groan a little bit, and afterward there was a nice, warm burn low in his gut. But as soon as he started toweling off, his body was back in business.
And there they are, little emotional dominoes lining up like soldiers. Castiel’s chest aches. He wishes he could fold Dean’s hand in his. Instead, Dean’s arms are crossed, feet still on the table.
Cas strides forward and Dean leans back as the angel crowds too close. The last thing he's expecting is for Cas to press the back of his hand to his forehead.
"A soul is power, isn't it? A little nuclear reactor? I remember Anna said it's pure creation. I don't know how pure mine'd be, but I bet I got enough to kick start you."
They step forward as a group, trekking the remaining distance to the house in solidarity. Meg stops at the top of the porch stairs. Castiel wraps a finger through the screen door handle, and Sam clicks on the flashlight he brought with them, knowing first-hand Dean’s electricity tricks. Sam nods. Castiel holds his breath and opens the screen door. He’s not sure whether to pray the front door opens or not.
"Sam prayed and I answered," Cas snaps back, "because you ordered that I respond to his prayers as well as yours."
Ache and need and ecstasy surge through Dean. He squeezes his eyes shut and anchors himself to that kiss, to the touch of Cas's mouth, to Cas's lips and tongue and love. The storm kicks up inside Dean as Cas coaxes his body on, slips a long finger of his other hand low and slides it over the hot, loose muscle it finds there. Dean convulses. He hears Cas shush and soothe, feels his hands pause to spread Dean open before returning to their work.
Cas scoops up the pancake, twists his wrist, and drops it back in the pan, right-side up. He chuckles at his success. "I was supposed to be making you breakfast."
"Hey. Here." Dean's arm appears through the curtain, holding a towel. Castiel takes it and dries himself, wrapping it around his hips when he's finished as he's seen the Winchesters do. He opens the curtain to step out.
He forces himself forward into the dark. Maybe it is some kind of weird fuse problem. Maybe it was a glitch with the cable provider. There are always rational explanations, as he’s always telling Meg. He reaches for the armrest of the sofa in the dark, hand trembling as he feels for the remote. It’s where he left it.
Cas shivers and pants and repeats Dean's name, but he gets himself together enough to wrap his hand around Dean again. Dean bucks up helplessly as Cas mimics Dean's hand motions, jacking him off in return.  Cas counteracts Dean's hips by dipping down for a kiss, pinning him harder in place.
His anger slips away, leaving a lump in his throat. "Well," he says tightly, "Good thing you were listening."
Dean smashes back into Cas as he comes, moaning loud and unashamed as Cas cups his cock to his abdomen and lets it paint up his stomach.
“Yeah,” Dean dusts a hand at his knee, thinking. “Sam and me, things didn’t end good. Had sort of a fight. I don’t know how much you know about the war protests at KU, but Sam was at one that turned pretty bad. I tried to get him to leave but some dick cop clocked me with his baton and that was lights out.”
"I don't think it was just you," Dean offers. Because he's gone over it again and again and that psalm seems to be about him more than it is about Cas. "I'm the righteous one, right? I think maybe my 'cry for help' was just wishing that you'd, I don't know, be around more. Sam died, or I thought he did, and you never came, you know? And then you were back, but you had the war and I was just pissed you weren't, I don't know . . . it sounds stupid, but . . . mine? anymore?" Dean scratches at his eyebrow and tries not to feel embarrassed by his honesty. "I think it was a tradeoff. You needed a reason to stay because I wanted you to stay."
He stretches himself fully upright, forcing his body down as Dean levers his up. He arches back, feeling Dean press that spot inside him, and his erection pulses in Dean's grip. And suddenly, there—
“Lunch time,” he informs the army man, currently standing sentry atop the china hutch, rifle dutifully aimed. Castiel stretches a couple pieces of plastic wrap over his roller and paint pan. “Watch this stuff for me, will you? Make sure it doesn’t wander off anywhere.”
He knows Meg would believe him if he told her about Dean. She’d revel in being right, in fact. But the whole truth of a denim-clad, dead young man standing in his living room was somehow too much to want to explain. Castiel wants to know more before he tries.
But when Dean stands again, he's nose to nose with Cas. Centimeters separate them, and Cas's laser angel gaze is loaded with something a hell of a lot more dangerous than anger. Dean swallows even though his throat is dry and turns away, iron-willing back the memory of last time they were this close.
Sam waits, and Castiel gives in with a sigh. “I loved your brother. I do love him. He helped me through a very dark time with humor and companionship.”
Dean is stationed nearby, apparently waiting for him, but he doesn't move when Castiel pushes the curtain aside. Instead his posture stiffens and his eyes grow a little larger. After a second his throat bobs in a swallow. Castiel cocks his head.
"Don't like your peach fuzz anymore?" Dean asks, switching spots with him so Cas can have a seat on the toilet seat and he can see about getting the sludge ring out of the tub.
So he’d found a bar. He’d never been a drinker and he never patronized the kind of bars with sticky floors and decor by Budweiser on wood paneled walls, but he found a bar. He plunked his half-full box on the stool beside him and ordered whiskey shots until he started to feel that slow creep of apathy. Then he teetered to the back of the empty establishment, passed the pool tables, picked up a dart from the cabinet, and aimed it at the map of the United States tacked between the restroom doors. When it landed somewhere in middle America, Castiel raised his fists in the air in triumph, laughing at his improbable bullseye. The bartender didn’t think the extra hole in his wall was quite as funny though, and for the second time that day Castiel was escorted from a building, but not before he got a glimpse of where the dart had landed: northeast Kansas.
He rocks back against the Impala, stunned out of his anger, and tries that one on for size: In love. With Cas.
"Anyway, I like it here. Sam's, what, two hours away," he lists, fishing the vanilla out of cupboard, "off in law school la-la land at Notre freaking Dame. Lisa doesn't mind that I'm here." Dean digs out the shortening. "Ben's a cool kid." He shoves his head into the fridge. "Plus, I have a job, and—oh, crap, looky there." He swings the fridge door shut and does a bad job of sounding disappointed. "We're out of eggs."
He's certain he shouts, certain he hears Dean curse or cheer or both. But Castiel doesn't come back to himself until he realizes his hand is gripped hard around Dean's, both covered in his semen. His body sings with indulgence, his skin crackles with oversensitivity, but he’s still canting his hips, still allowing the feel of Dean inside him to skitter across his body like sparks.
Castiel does as Dean asks, and then does it again. It gets easier each time—easier to process the glut of pleasure. He's able to lean back and up, fingertips brushing Dean's stomach as he balances. Dean curses again.
Castiel nods, numb, trying to let the truth sink in. “Right.” He reaches into his back pocket and dials Meg.
“Your mother’s stereo is unharmed,” he says, and Sam shines his flashlight on the console next to Castiel.
“No, I told you, I’m not going anywhere. It just . . . took a lot out of me.” His smile turns sly. “You’re a hell of a workout, Cas.”
The hope is that the contents burn before the trunk. The goal is to get back up here before the whole thing burns a hole in the floor.
On the wall opposite the countertop and cabinets, there’s an entryway leading into the dining room, which contains another surprise antique—a massive old china hutch. The dining room walls are covered in faded, peeling wallpaper that will have to go. Another door at the front end of the room, to the right of the windows, leads him back into the main entryway.
Castiel takes Dean like he's tasting him, hungry for him. He yanks Dean's hips forward, pulling them groin to groin, and Dean arches, head thrown back and body taut as he strains to stay silent. Cas sinks his mouth to Dean's exposed neck, nosing at the corner of Dean's jaw, nipping at his throat.
Castiel nods. He realizes his mouth is still open but he can’t quite get himself to close it. Or move at all, really.
There’s also a little plastic toy soldier, standing at the ready, sighting down the barrel of his rifle, his paint chipped. Castiel smiles at him, hefts the figure in his hand.
It's what Dean wanted—a nice, long, lazy fuck. But he also wants to see it when Cas comes, wants to watch it spill out and slide up his chest, make that his souvenir memory. He leaves off and pulls Cas back against him, wrapping his damp, slick hand around Cas's cock with an upward stroke. Cas gasps and clenches his fingers at Dean's hip, but doesn't stop him. Just as he has all morning, he gives himself over and lets Dean work him up. It's been too long since Dean did this, but not so long he's forgotten how.
Dean frowns as if that’s obvious. “Well, yeah. I told you about how I said no to that reaper. I did it for Sam. I made him the same promise I made you—I’m not going anywhere. And if passing on is a choice, well, I chose to stay. This is home.”
Cas wriggles in Dean's arms to turn back to the stove, looking shifty. "I never dictated the flow of events."
He busts up his knuckles on the next case, punching a ghoul's lights out. They scab over, but the scabs don't go away. Not really. Not even after he finally listens when Sam tells him to stop picking at them.
“Of a haunting,” he whispers angrily as he peeks into the kitchen, relieved to see everything’s just as it should be in there.
In that second everything about Cas softens. He melts into Dean's hands, into the kiss. His tongue slides against Dean's, hot and purposeful, meeting him move for move. They both pull away breathless.
They go again. And again. Cas doesn't seem to mind the semen on his fingers, or the way Dean clutches at his shoulders, his arms, his clothes. He stays calm, moves as Dean directs or demonstrates, and never once flinches or laughs or complains.
With a few final pecks, he leans back, settling in behind Cas again, and swipes two fingers through the petroleum jelly. He rubs it between his thumb and fingers first, warming and loosening the gel as Cas reaches back to lazily stroke his side. When he folds his slicked fingers around Cas's pert and pretty erection they both moan. Cas curls in on himself for a second, then stretches out and fucks into Dean's hand with a satisfied groan, grabbing a handful of Dean's hip to as if to keep him close. Dean kisses his neck behind his ear and sets a pace.
Dean guesses that this is somebody's hunting or vacation cabin. Doesn't looked too lived in, judging by the dust, and there's not much by way of food other than canned goods. But there's water, there's power, and there's a four-wheeler in the shed. He thanks his fucking stars they've got that much. Wherever they are, that highway in the woods was a big, long empty stretch. No cars passed them and Dean was pretty sure they covered a few miles on foot.
It does, yes, but the tingling waves of pleasure coursing through Castiel are not, he's certain, related to cleanliness.
“Are you suggesting a BLT? I’m out of lettuce and I don’t like tomatoes anyway.” Castiel realizes he’s talking louder than usual, the way Americans do when trying to communicate with someone who speaks a language other than English. He doesn’t know where to direct his comments.
Castiel concedes and steps out of the car. It’s cooler here than in Lawrence, and he’s glad for his trench coat. In this moment, it feels like armor, a buffer between himself and whatever he’s about to discover.
Together they try to keep the pain at bay. They don't always manage. Cas never apologizes when it arrives, when the need shouts inside Dean until his muscles seize, but he also never purposefully keeps Dean waiting. He just climbs across the bed, up into Dean's personal space, and again they go.
Head still hanging, Sam nods. “And he’s angry with me. He’s been angry at me for thirty-five years.”
"Hey," Sam's voice brings them to a record-scratch stop. Dean pops his head out for a glance at Sam from over Cas's shoulder. "We getting a move on or what?" he asks from the doorway, ticking his head in the direction of the parking lot.
It's just a regular kiss at first. Just Cas's broad mouth, warm and soft. But it heats up fast. Their mouths open and Cas's tongue pushes in, sliding along Dean's in a way that fires up every sex impulse Dean has. Dean finds Cas's hips and cinches him tight, letting Cas's hum of approval roll hot through him. Then Cas nudges forward, pelvis pushing against Dean, once, twice—just enough, just a little—and if Dean wasn't getting hard before, he sure as fuck is now.
Dean doesn’t materialize the next day, or the one after, and Castiel carries on exactly as he’d intended.
“Anything in the archives?” While Castiel has been consulting indexes and skimming chapters, Meg’s been consulting the library’s databases.
This close Dean can smell Cas—no, it's not Cas. It's Purgatory. He smells the mud, the rotted trees, the blood. It doesn't reek in a human way like Dean had. The grime on Cas's fingers is darkest and it fades up his wrists and forearms, the pale skin of his shoulders and chest framed by the beard on his neck and face.
“Dean!” Castiel doesn’t know what else to do. If this is the plan working, this is also goodbye. “Dean!” It can’t be goodbye. Not like this.
"But if you knew, you could stop it." Sammy sounds a little desperate, and Dean doesn't like the silence that follows.
The pain pushes through him, bright and stabby. Dean rolls sideways on the bed, cupping his balls. "This is not okay!" he yells. All he can think about is how awesome that last release felt, how thrilling the pressure of his own touch is. He can feel his dick twitch in his palm. He's about two seconds away from ripping into his fly again.
He slides down Dean's legs, inching off to the side. "Hey—“ Dean protests, but when Castiel hooks his fingers into the elastic of Dean’s boxer briefs and tugs, Dean capitulates with an “Oh,” and tilts his hips so Castiel can pull them off.
“Hello?” He cocks an ear toward the first floor, but gets no response and hears nothing. No footsteps, no murmured conversation. Castiel frowns and continues down the stairs, slower now, and stops short again when he gets to the bottom. The front door is open. Sunlight streams through the screen door in a wide arc on the floor, bright enough to cause him to blink and force his vision to readjust as he scans the rest of the living room. It’s empty.
Dean skips over that. "Well, whatever was after you isn't here. You're fine now, 'kay?" He gives Cas a reassuring clap on the arch of his neck, but frowns as his hand meets a cold, wet trench coat.
Dean redirects into the subject of baking, showing Cas how to fold in the dry ingredients into the wet ones, how to spoon up the right size glob of dough onto the baking sheet, and—God help him—the benefits of licking the beaters.
Things are getting messy inside Dean as the yes-good-want-reward feeling vies with the punishing fuck-or-die pain, but in there somewhere are his actual emotions. They're in that damn locker. His voice cracks. "Yeah, okay? Yeah, 'course I do."
“Did you know ghosts thrive on attention? According to,” he scrolls up to check the author’s name again, “Weigel, ‘when you give a ghost attention, you give it power.’ That explains a lot about Dean. He certainly never lacked attention, not from me and probably not from anyone else.”
"What happened? Where's Sam?" He cusses loudly as he tries to sit up—getting vertical isn't going to happen. Gut wounds are the fucking worst. "Are they okay?" He props up on his elbows instead.
Dean grins and pulls him close again. "Okay," he says. "I can work with that." He waits for Cas's small smile before kissing him again, smooth and deep.
He's somehow a lot closer than he was before. Dean swallows carefully, breathes shallowly. "But not undead?"
Dean plasters on a smile over the guilt clawing up his throat as they enter the kitchen. "Hey! Who wants to order pizza, huh?"
Castiel puts a hand on the banister and nods to Sam, ready to mount the steps to complete his task, but when he turns back, static scratches in the air and then there’s Dean.
Happiness isn’t uncomplicated. Dean’s status an undead, undocumented time immigrant means he’ll never be able to get the automative tech license he wants or participate in any other system that requires a social security number. Their peculiar meet-cute means dodging questions about their early relationship and carefully curating friendships. These are the risks associated with Dean’s cosmic penance and the risks associated with Castiel’s choice to love him, to make this house a home, to stay.
In fact, he spends the next however many minutes with his pants shoved to his knees, his shirt rucked up to his chest, and one leg dangling off the table as Cas practically feasts on him. With one hand always cupping Dean's cock, nursing its base between his fingers, Cas laps at Dean's chest, sucks marks into his skin, bites the jumpy tender skin at the joint of Dean's thigh. Dean cusses and encourages him, tries to keep his hands on Cas when he can. But when Cas begins to mouth Dean's cock, soft wet lips sneaking up his length, alternating with tongue, Dean loses the ability to form words. And when Cas takes him into his mouth, tongue slick and hot against the head of his cock, Dean's hands lock in Cas's hair. He moans for how outrageously good it feels, how fucking perfect Cas is, for how much he wants to get his heels under him and push up off this fucking table and into that seriously sinful mouth. "Fuck. Like that. Cas, yes," he groans.
Dean sucks his bottom lip between his teeth and lets out a very tortured groan. “Look, I might not be able to help, but—and I’m just putting this out there, you know, for future reference—if you have an itch you gotta scratch, Cas, there ain’t nothing stopping you. Least of all me. I’m just sayin’.”
Dean realizes a minute too late that he's standing in front of Cas, hands hovering at his bare hips. He just . . . forgot to move. But he does now, gesturing to the tub and once again ducking his head to give Cas a scrap of privacy as he lowers himself into the water.
He shakes his head. Assuming there's something left up there to pray to, he tells it to make sure Cas comes back with all his bones, too.
"Get him out of here," Sam says to someone Dean can't see as he scoops a hand under Dean's back to lever him up. Dean winces and curses but gets to his feet. At about the same time he notices the blood on his shirt is his blood, he realizes that the shoulder Sam's lumping him onto belongs to Cas. "Just go!" Sam shouts over another lightning blast from Zuul.
It's snowed since he's been here last but his landlord knew it was Dean's move-in day and it looks like the front walk has been shoveled for the occasion. Dean turns to peek through the Impala's back window, estimating the number of trips it'll take him to get everything in the house. It's not like he owns a lot of stuff, but it was still a pain in the ass to load it all in there.
“So even when you’re not here, you’re still . . . around?” He isn’t sure that makes sense, but Dean seems to understand.
It’s sort of a natural progression, then, that he begins talking to Dean the way he used to chat at the soldier.
Dean tastes bitter and earthy. It mingles with the coarse musky scent of arousal, and Cas revels in it. Skating a hand up Dean’s back, he sucks a kiss into Dean, lips tight with a graze of tongue, then pulls away to take a playful bite of one butt cheek.
. In fact, the longer Dean ignores it as he tries to scrape up the toothpaste mess, the worse it aches. He could try one more time, he thinks. He feels ready to burst anyway, it shouldn't take long. He just needs this gone, needs the damn thing to go away like it should. Wincing, Dean whips it out again and jacks himself fast, leaning over the sink. "Come on, come on, come on," he pleads through clenched teeth. Something's going on here, something definitely not natural, but he's not sure how much this new sharing-and-caring policy with Sam really covers. There's some shit you just don't want to know about your brother.
Sam beats them both to it, though. “No offense, but I’ve been a prosecutor for almost two decades. I know when someone’s not giving me the whole story. What’s up? What brings you guys all the way to Lebanon?”
Castiel runs a hand over the wooden bannister of the staircase, and mounts the first step, peering up. Light filters from the open bathroom door over the dust in the hall. Some of the stairs look damaged. There are a few spindles missing from the railing.
And fuck it. They've been through a lot of firsts together over the years—first man rescued from Hell, first angel with free will, first escape from Purgatory—why not this one too?
Sam makes a good effort to hold in his laughter, turning red in the process, but it bursts out of him anyway. "Dean, I know you know how to take care of that."
“Yeah but what about all the other stuff? What’s the vibe? Which coworkers can you bitch to without getting ratted out to the boss? Is there a snack machine on your floor? That’s the real stuff you’ve gotta get figured out.”
And that can’t be right because he’s sure he’d turned it off. But then again, his short-term memory is proving to have more holes than those inexplicably popular foam crocodile shoes. Castiel plods down the steps—doing a poor job of batting away worry about early-onset Alzheimer’s—and rounds the corner into the empty living room to find the TV’s light splashing color, brightening and darkening as the channel changes and . . . that . . . that isn’t right either.
, and that squishy affection he really should man up and start calling love more often all squirm inside Dean. He steps close and cups a hand to Cas's jaw, drawing his gaze up. "Here's the difference from now on, 'kay? Doing something in the name of Heaven? Totally off limits. Doing something for you, Cas, because
" Dean stretches his arms out, bares his wasted body for Cas to see, and tries to ignore that he's not just shivering but trembling.
The highway stretches out straight and lonely between empty fields of harvested corn, all under a gray afternoon sky.
“Always knew you were a smart cookie, Clarence. Alright, you gotta figure out what or who this thing is if you want to get rid of it. You need a ouija board. Do you have a ouija board?”
There's some downtime while they let the pot simmer. Dean puts away unused ingredients, starts heating the water for the pasta, and wipes down the counters. Cas listens with full attention as Dean explains that recipes are place to start, but that he likes to improvise. "It's not much different from being on the road hunting. There's certain things you gotta do to gank a ghost or demon or vamp, but mostly you make it up as you go." He wrings out the dishcloth, drapes it over the faucet, and leans back against the island with finality, arms crossed and hip-to-hip with Cas, to watch the nonexistent action on the stovetop.
before falling away. Dean’s hole pulls at him, opening soft and loose and flexing hungrily, and Castiel feeds it, tongue stiff. He fucks in and out with slow pulls, making sure Dean feels every slick second.
“Welcome home,” Dean taunts, and Castiel’s lungs don’t have the air to reply. He backs away from the staircase as Sam rounds the corner to stand by his side.
When the world comes back, Dean has a hard time un-tensing. He's locked around Cas, unable and unwilling to let go, but a roll of Cas's hips tells him he's got to. He pulls free carefully, then reels off to the side, wrecked. Cas rubs a hand on Dean's upper thigh, one calm point of contact.
Castiel rocks forward harder than he has yet and Dean's hands smack onto Castiel's knees as they ride through the sensation together.
“Heck no,” Meg scoffs. She tips a nod as Castiel. “He’s the one with the tragic romance. I’m just here for moral support.”
Dean looks up, brow furrowed almost to a glare. "How can you even ask—" But Cas cuts him off again, this time with a shake of his head.
The last time Dean took a sharp blade to someone else's throat, he was chopping their head off. That was over twenty-hours ago and in a different world. The pure violence of Purgatory, the uncomplicated decision of kill or be killed doesn't exist anymore, not here. But there's something pure in this moment too, Dean thinks as he feels the scrape of the metal against Cas's skin.
"Right." He sits up and twists over to the side of the bed, practically dumping Cas backward. He needs something for lube and he needs it fast.
Dean hates that answer, hates it so much he shakes off Cas's hold. Something cracks inside him like lightning, like the Grand fucking Canyon, so fast and deep he might fall in.
"Are you sure you do? Because he wasn't just screwing with you for the hell of it, you get that, right?" There's a panicky concern in Sam's voice, but Dean's already way beyond where Sam's at in this conversation. "There's more to it than that, Dean. He—"
Noises are one thing. It’s a big house, and it’s old. Eaves creaking, heaters clanging, doors swaying in unidentified drafts—all those things are to be expected and don’t particularly concern Castiel. And sure, he begins to notice objects around the house moving. Or perhaps not moving, precisely, but they appear in places he doesn’t remember putting them, like his coffee cup on that early morning.
But he's pissed at Cas, too. Because maybe Cas's motives were all well intentioned and in Dean's best interest and whatever, but Cas had still been a manipulative little bastard. He'd played his little angel games, slipping into Dean's life, making himself indispensable and desirable, and then disappearing for weeks. And Dean had eaten it all up, pining for him and missing him and slowly cutting out the bullshit because even Dean knows you don't play games when you're dealing with somebody you love and—
Okay, so it's not as exciting or whatever as hunting and killing monsters. But it's what Dean and Sam and their dad and, hell, all hunters everywhere have always been hunting and killing monsters in order to protect. Family. People. Because people matter. And Cas matters, so Cas should be part of it. A whole part of it.
It's a few minutes before Dean comes around to full brain function again. Even then he waits for the kitchen ceiling to stop spinning, for their pulses to stop jumping. Eventually he pries his hand out from between their bodies. It's sticky as fuck, but he shakes Cas. "Hey. You alive in there?"
"No, Sam. He's got his own crap going on that's so important he can't be here. We haven't seen him in days and if he ain't here, he ain't part of it. This is you, me, and Bobby."
Scooting in behind Cas, Dean reaches around him to hover a hand over the pan. There's barely any heat coming off it. He turns up the burner a smidge and kisses the bare skin on Cas's shoulder.
"I— Cas, you—" Dean presses his wrist to the point between his eyebrows where the headache is going to show up. "Okay, let me get this straight. Last time you were here . . ." He gestures vaguely to the patch of countertop near the fridge he's been more or less avoiding for a month. "And we—" He waggles messy fingers between them. "And that was . . ." Dean squeezes his eyes shut. "I mean, you
"I'll give you twenty minutes to stop that," Dean threatens playfully as Castiel works his thumbs down the sides of Dean's spine.
Startled, Dean clutches a handful of shirtfront as Cas pushes, pushes him back, hard against a countertop, hands at Dean's hips and mouth insistent. On instinct Dean opens to him and Cas presses in, his tongue finding Dean's and the kiss turns filthy. Dean's hands fly to Cas's neck and his fingers grip into hair as Cas licks the length of Dean's bottom lip in a way that makes Dean's knees buckle. Cas slips his hands around to Dean's ass, slides them down the backs of his thighs, cups his hamstrings, and just like that Dean's ass is on the counter, with Cas's body slotted between his legs.
Castiel nods once. "Yes, I'll be fine." He begins to push himself up from the water and Dean immediately spins away, turning his attention to the taps at the opposite end. The air is cool on Castiel's body, but not unpleasant.
Dean picks up the scissors they use for cutting bandages, opens them like a scalpel, and takes a breath, bracing himself. He just needs to see, needs to make sure. He drags one sharp edge across his forearm just to watch it bleed—to make sure there is blood in his veins and a pulse to pump it.
Meg pushes away from the counter, throwing up her hands before crossing her arms over her chest. “What’s it gonna take for you? I was sure I had you with the legal thing.”  Her expression is still fond, though.
Dean doesn't wake up a lot after that. He sleeps through a couple days, then a couple more. When he does come to, every now and then, there's usually somebody keeping watch.  And it's usually Cas. He wonders what that means for the war.
A sense of anticipation builds as they weave around each other in the small kitchen space. Glances from Cas are more mouth-watering than the burgers had been. Heat flares in the inches between them each time one of them presses into the other's personal space. Brushes of Cas's body sizzle through Dean. He gets that will-they-won't-they nervous feeling, like a giddy rolling boil all over inside.
"Ya think?" Bobby scoffs, just as the skinny possessed kid who's been slinging office furniture through the air speaks, making some overblown threat to Sam and sounding a whole lot like Zuul.
Anyway, after he'd rocked Cas's world, he'd finished himself off with his fist where Cas could see and they'd hunkered down for what was probably an extended cuddling session for Cas but for Dean felt more like the best sleep of his life. Thing is, Dean definitely remembers Cas being naked during the cuddling, so although it's good Cas took some cash with him this time, news of the shopping trip makes Dean wince.
Dean is a brief silhouette, swallowed by darkness. Castiel hears him strip off layers, hears the dull thuds of boots hitting the floor, the clink of belt buckle. A few seconds more for shedding socks and a yawn, then Cas is jostled as Dean sinks to the bed and shuffles onto his side. Dean sighs. Castiel feels the shift as Dean rub at his eyes, feels the thump of his hand hitting the mattress, futile. Even after long days of driving and hunting and fighting, sleep still doesn’t come easily to Dean Winchester.
Not that he needed Dean’s death to have been symbolic or grand or for him to die a hero. It doesn’t change how he feels about him. They’d still be skating the bounds of reality and the laws of what Castiel thought he knew about physics with this strange relationship. But maybe because of how he feels for Dean and because they find themselves together in this way, the randomness and unfairness strike him deeper.
Cas does his half laugh thing Dean hasn't seen in ages, and the fact that it makes him ache in his actual bones makes him kinda believe that dorky thing Sam said about absence and hearts growing fonder, or whatever.
Castiel refuses. He clamps a hand on Dean's thigh to express his intent and bears down. He would have all of Dean.
Because Cas comes back, too, obviously. He drops in at random, but not as often as before and therefore not enough. Dean stops pretending that he doesn't care. He starts asking when Cas will come back, then asking him
"He, um, left this for you." Sam steps back to grab the book he'd been holding when Dean woke up and tosses it into Dean's lap. It's a copy of the bible and there's a bookmark sticking out. "And he said he's coming back, when he can."
“You fry this up extra crispy. Like, ’til even the fat is crunchy. Then you toast up some bread. None of that froo-froo multigrain stuff. Plain ol’ white bread.” Dean’s moved to the bread drawer, which opens on its own but Dean reaches in to pull out the remaining half loaf of white and plops it next to the bacon on the counter. “And then you slather on the peanut butter. You don’t need to go crunchy for this. The bacon takes care of that for you.” The cupboard door above the toaster opens and Dean saunters over to take out the peanut butter. “I knew a kid who liked bananas on it, but that’s for sissies. Stick with the essentials.” He adds the jar to the bacon and bread and crosses his arms.
Lisa's family comes over, bearing cranberry sauce and sweet potatoes and more pie. Sam comes too, but he just brings beer. Ben gets a lot of hugs; Dean gets to hold Lisa's sister's baby, which is weird, but kind of cool, actually; and everybody gets seconds or thirds and there's a lot of exclaiming over the turkey and the apple stuffing Dean half invented, half ripped off from the Food Network. The only people who've ever had his cooking are Lisa and Ben and Sam (well, sorta), and it's not like Dean's used to being praised or thanked for stuff—he didn't even have to kill the turkey, you know?—so he has to shove down the awkwardness he feels, but the day turns out okay.
Sam’s lips roll in and he presses his mouth in a light line. He nods hard again. “Because of me. Because I left.”
Still feeling shell-shocked, Dean opens the book and scans the page for what it is Cas wanted him to find—a passage is marked with a pencil line in the margin. Psalm 34, verses 17 to 20. Sam slips out without a word as Dean reads:
Either way, it takes him a couple minutes to snap his head back in the game. He remembers the clothes he'd set aside and turns to hand them to Cas. "These should fit, I think," he says, though he has to clear his voice to speak.
At Dean's first dip down to Cas's body, he sees hyperspace—tunnel vision of a thousand points of light speeding behind his eyes. Dean's between Cas's thighs, their cocks together, hot and hard. He thrusts for friction and Cas arches and hisses, hands scrabbling at Dean's shoulders.
He begins to marshal Cas in the direction of the bedroom, but hesitates for a second. Cas glances over his shoulder, head cocked. Dean looks at Cas, looks at the counter, looks back at Cas.
Cas feels good. Being near Cas feels good. But Dean feels miserable. He'd been hoping it was almost over. Now there's no end in sight. It's already been a couple hours, and how his dick hasn't fallen off yet he has no idea but suspects there might be angel mojo involved.
Facing each other, Dean tucks Cas's leg up over his hip, under his elbow. "This might feel weird," he warns, because he feels like he should, then kisses Cas as he reaches around to spread the first slick of lube along the newly exposed part of his body.
Dean send a frustrated moan into the mattress. "You guys have to go. I can't— I have to— Christ, this sucks."
Dean shrugs. "Yeah, pretty much. I mean, there's still some stuff left for the living room, but—" Cas takes the screwdriver from Dean's hand, setting it on the table with the other tools, crumpled burger wrappers, and empties, then steps in close to Dean. His gaze catches on Dean's lips for a second before his eyes make it up to Dean's, and that giddy feeling in Dean kicks up a notch, or ten. "Yeah," Dean croaks, throat tight. "We're done."
And in that moment Castiel hates Dean Winchester as much as he loves him. He fixes Dean with his most severe glare. "You're an idiot."
"Yes!" Dean hisses again, but his heart freezes for a second and he shakes his head before he thinks about that too hard. "I mean, no. No, you're not a secret. You're just . . . hard to explain." He ducks a look around the corner to see if Lisa or Ben has noticed him talking to himself yet. So far they're still watching TV. "Look, just come back later, okay? Sometime when nobody's around, or something."
But Castiel decidedly isn’t listening now. He finishes tacking in the nail and climbs off the ladder, leaving the molding strip with a loose end.
He continues along the hall created by the stairwell wall, toward a door that leads into the kitchen. “Cast-iron sink in there, too!” Ava calls and, yes, Castiel sees it, a large farmhouse sink with two deep wells.
Not too far in the future, Dean finds a bank that will give him a loan, if Lisa cosigns, and hole in the wall dive for cheap outside of South Bend and sets up shop. He calls it the Winchester Diner because, well, nobody ever accused him of being original. Folks like the name and most choose to chuckle over menu items like
Castiel smiles against Dean’s skin. As an angel he’d put Dean together, healed his wounds with a touch, made him whole. Now, as a man, he takes him apart.
She resumes fitting the key to the lock and gives a quick knock as she opens the door, calling into the house, “Hello, anyone home?” and turning back to Castiel with another tittering laugh. He frowns. She clears her throat and moves further inside the house.
Castiel gathers the items, tugs the string to turn the light off, and marches back up the steps. He closes the door on Dean, not that it matters. He’s already seen Dean pass through walls often enough to no longer be shocked by it.
He picks up his pace to make it back to the business district and tries not to think about the people around him on the street, blissfully going about their business with no idea what’s about to happen.
"So when you say you'll heal, we talking days? Years?"  He wants to know how bad it is, needs to know how much damage he did in dragging Cas back with him.
Dean releases a breath and lets his fists bounce nervously against his sides. Castiel smiles softly.
Meg’s stories are just getting to him. And even if she’s right, even if the house is somehow—impossibly—haunted, it’s probably the benign kind she’s explained to him. A residual energy. Maybe that’s why it affects his electricity. That’s a plausible scenario.
“He’s still there.” Sam says to a middle-distance, to himself. But his gaze flicks up to Castiel’s as he repeats it. “He’s still there.”
“The ‘vibe’ is office casual. It’s not anything out of the ordinary. In fact, it might even be painfully ordinary. I met the staff accountants and regional managers, and a young woman from tech support helped me set up my computer and voicemail. We all smiled a lot at each other but I’m not sure I remember anyone’s name. I have no idea where the snack machine is, though there is a lunch room on the second floor, so possibly in there.”
Dean nods firmly. "Okay. Okay, good." Except, he didn't plan beyond that last part. He hadn't been sure he'd even get Cas to stick around long enough to hear him out. So what he says next is as much a surprise to him as to Cas, probably. "Sam told me about your plan. Or, plans, I guess."
"No," Cas answers, concentrating on carefully scraping a teaspoon of baking soda from the box and tapping it into the mixing bowl between them. "It's a simple question, Dean. Are you having sex with Lisa?"
“From all this?” Dean spreads his arms wide, taking in the kitchen, the whole house, himself, and Castiel cracks a smile.
It’s a bit they do, a strangely likable one: Castiel comes for reference repair and remodel books, Meg hands him an article on the paranormal or rambles local lore at him. Her dedication to his conversion is charming, even if he finds the premise farfetched.
Dean stows his junk as fast as possible, rinses his hands and the sink, and yanks open the door fully aware he's a flushed wreck. "We have a problem."
Dean likes constant pressure. Overstimulation. More than anyone should be able to handle is the way Dean wants it. And he bucks and thrashes when he gets it, like now. Castiel holds two fingers at just the right spot inside him, giving it the shortest of strokes, mostly gentle pressure—nudging, holding, nudging as Dean fucks back on his fingers. His other hand is wrapped around Dean’s cock, holding firm and steady as Dean pulls and pushes, writhes and curses. “Fuck, Cas, fuck. There, fuck yes, fucking love— Cas. Shit. Oh God.
Dean peers through the dark for Cas's eyes, barely containing everything he's feeling. He can't make Cas better, can't fix him—they just have to wait—but he wills Cas to know that he's everything, that he's the reason Dean kept going for the last year, the reason he escaped.
They're both already leaking and Dean slides his thumb through it, over both their cock heads. Cas whimpers and squirms against him. Dean just holds tight, and begins to jack them. Cas shakes and his breaths go ragged, but the next thing Dean knows, his hand is fighting for space with Dean's. He takes Dean's cock in his own hand and Dean's lungs stop. Cas's hand is hot and too dry, but it's also perfect. He starts to jerk Dean off, running a thumb over the crown, and Dean bites his lip.
He. Dean. Castiel is almost positive his chest has split open, leaving his heart to beat unprotected and wild.
It’s far from pretending nothing has happened, though. They know. Others know. Castiel senses it in the lean of Dean's body, in the possessiveness of his kiss. And he knows all these things without relying on grace. He can know so much when he pays attention, and he wonders, occasionally, whether grace has always been just another word for intuition. Like now, he can sense that Dean needs—is craving—attention, affection, though he climbed into bed without asking for it.
What Dean wants most in the whole world right then is to roll Cas over and fuck into him balls deep. But he can't do that quite yet—or he won’t, because of Cas’s back—so he goes for the next best thing.
It should be more unsettling, the disappearing. Dean was visible, and then he wasn’t. No slow fade, no mystical dissolve. But although it was abrupt, it wasn’t scary. Castiel wouldn’t characterize anything about Dean as scary. In fact, compared to what he’s been told about paranormal encounters that seemed . . . remarkably normal.
It’s too early for moonlight up here, but he can see the footlocker is still where he’d left it, photos and photo album adrift across the floor nearby.
And that’s something else Castiel has learned, is learning—how to strip Dean of his defenses. How to make him accept love, feel pleasure. It’s a worthwhile lesson.
Now when the wrench he’s momentarily set down shifts just out of reach or when he hears the TV turn back on while he’s upstairs brushing his teeth before bed, he doesn’t question his memory or his hearing. Now he says, “Very funny, Dean,” and “Goodnight, Dean.”
Castiel plucks at the sheet now, self-conscious with honesty but knowing he needs to acknowledge the truth here, both to help him feel more certain of this new relationship with Dean and to mark the moment for himself. “It’s just— I haven’t been happy much in my life.”
“Best view in the world, right here,” Dean says, eyes on the pink and orange horizon, and Castiel remembers Zachariah saying the exact same sentence from the top floor of Angelus, overlooking Manhattan.
Sam snatches back the tiny glass jar with an eye roll and stomps downstairs. He shows up twenty minutes later with a bowl of white rice and an admonition to go easy. Dean plows through it and gets a stomach ache anyway.
Castiel smiles a little. Apparently Dean has as many questions about Castiel as Castiel has about Dean. “Yes, I did. It . . . didn’t end well.”
"You started it," Dean grouses and empties the sugar into the bowl. Cas keeps staring in that way that implies he thinks you're a crabby little kid but he still expects an answer. Dean sighs then mumbles, "Didn't work out, okay?"
For a long moment that's all he knows, all he thinks, all he is. Dean's other hand has come up to hold Castiel's neck, warm and broad. He aches for it again, Dean's touch. Craves every sensation Dean can give him.
He doesn't like the sound of that. It's not fair to order around somebody who just caught the drift of free will. He seriously is a dick sometimes.
So, it's one thing to know, in an abstract kind of way, that you think your best angel friend is hot. It's another to have him show up and shove his tongue down your throat and leave you with the most awkward case of blue balls so far this century. Dean doesn't know what he's supposed to think about that, let alone
But Dean interrupts him with a kiss because he already knows. He has a choice to make. He can shove his hand down Cas's pants now and bring him off spectacularly hard for the first time right here, or he can take a giant step back and stop this before it goes so far Dean can never take it back.
He’s just about to mount the stairs when he hears another noise. One foot on the first step, one hand on the rail, his body freezes even as his brain races through possibilities. Could be an upstairs window, could be the slap of a car door outside, could be in the basement. That same crackle of static spreads across his skin and dread floods in, pouring over him like fast-casting lead. Castiel couldn’t turn around now even if he wanted to.
For a guy who can knife mooks in the throat, Cas has surprisingly little skill with a cleaver and cutting board. ("That was an
“And you take care of him,” Dean calls to Sam, bobbing his chin at Castiel. Yellow glow creeps down Dean’s arm, igniting it from within, and Castiel feels its icy burn just before Dean pulls away.
Dean plops onto what was Sam's bed and pulls a pillow over his lap, acutely aware he may not make it through this conversation without Cas's, well,
Dean frowns. There's some kind of heavenly judgment in there somewhere, he can feel it. "What's wrong with burgers? I like burgers. Hell,
“Dean, no no no no no, don’t you dare!” Castiel laughs and swerves Dean comes at him with a paint-soaked brush.
The look in Cas's eyes softens from scrutiny to sympathy, thousands of condescending I'm-sorry-I-know-more-than-you apologies welling up in all that blue. "Dean, I'm sorry, but that's not true."
The next time Cas shows up, Dean is home alone. Lisa does the yoga lessons thing in the evening a couple times a week, on the same nights as Ben has soccer practice. Dean only works part time at the auto parts store in town, so he figures it's his job to get dinner on the table by the time they get home. Lisa appreciates it, and it makes Dean feel like less of loser so, smiles all around. That evening, when Cas pops in, Dean's somewhere in the middle of making spaghetti sauce.
They are out of the woods, in a house Dean determined to be empty. Beyond that knowledge and the warmth emanating from Dean, Castiel isn't aware of much.
A wave of good, old-fashioned Winchester guilt hits him then as he watches Lisa scrape plates over the disposal and load them into the dishwasher. It's not honest to Lisa and Ben to keep his life divided in half. It's not okay for him to pretend he's part of this family when he isn't. When he can't be. Not really. Not when he wants—and this is where the guilt really rolls his stomach—not when he wants to be somewhere else. With someone else. Someone who hadn't been invited today, even though Dean's pretty damn thankful for him.
He throws together a sandwich and grabs a glass of water. It’s a sunny day; he should go outside, eat on the porch, take a lap around the house. But instead he shuffles into the living room, perches on the arm of the sofa, and flicks on the TV. Just a half hour, he thinks, clicking through the channels, a short mental break, just enough to—
"Yeah, man. He showed up the other night while I was in the library," Sam says and it sounds like he's juggling four of those huge law books, his backpack, phone, and probably some frou-frou iced coffee drink. Dean has no intention of volunteering to hang up and call back later.
Cas's eyes slip closed and he sighs in a way that sounds like maybe he's breaking inside too. But then he looks back at Dean, his dark-water eyes wet.
Sam’s house isn’t remarkable. It’s an absolutely ordinary 1970s split-level, part light-blue siding, part brick in a subdivision on the north side of Lebanon. Castiel isn’t sure what he imagined, but the mundanity of Sam’s current home as compared to the farm house full of secrets he grew up in—and the problem Castiel is about to lay at his doorstep—is difficult to wrap his head around.
“Novak, right?” asks a man in a garish yellow shirt. He’s got one foot planted on the first porch step, clipboard balanced on his knee as he thumbs thick, dirt-smudged fingers through the paperwork. “Where d’you want it?”
Cas tilts his head up and whatever's going through his head, it's nothing to do with what Dean just asked. He's a million miles away, and there are more emotions wavering across his face than Dean can name—worry, relief, supplication, sorrow, joy, disbelief.
"Only one way to know for sure," Bobby says, getting to his feet. "Stay here," he orders and points to what's got to be protective runes on the carpet.
Dean grabs Cas's hand, presses it to his chest. "Look at me, Cas! Look at me. We got one thing that can get us out of here. Take it, Cas. It's yours anyway."
He tosses her a doubtful look from beneath his brow and opens the folder. “Another conspiracy theory?”
They haven't seen each other in six months. Dean wasn't altogether sure it would be the same between them, if what they'd had before Cas's promotion would still be there. They'd never put a name on it, and Dean's not sure he could, or wants to, but he knows it's been too long and he cares more about all the reasons to be here more than the reasons not to be. That last battle had been an ugly night fight—like a barroom brawl after the lights had been shot out, Dean had heard somebody call it—and that was after months of night runs and ambush attacks up and down the Slot, from Bougainville to Guadalcanal and back again. But it was all worth it for the fleet R&R that's got them here together. Helps that the good guys won, he supposes.
like burgers. You even like 'em nice and raw." He grins as Cas rolls in his lips and turns a light shade of green. "We hit diners for the home cooking. Wasn't exactly time to stop and cook during the apocalypse, was there?"
"Well," he says, pulling Cas back from reaching for the remaining batter, "I woke up hard from that one." He flattens his palm and reaches around Cas, slipping his hand under the apron and dragging his thumb over the curve of hipbone.
The pain comes and goes, but it doesn't stay away. Bobby and Sam keep trying to get him to eat—they don't like how much weight he's lost, he'll start losing muscle soon, they say—but Dean's still not hungry, and eating brings back the pain. It's like getting a dagger to the gut. Repeatedly. Only without the bleeding. When Sam sets a mug of chicken broth and some crackers in front of him for the fourth time in two days, Dean glowers at it. "This is bullshit,” he grouses. Sam keeps walking, ignoring him. “I want a cheeseburger."
He hasn’t moved, the ghost. He’s standing in the exact spot he appeared, in front of the bay window. There’s a ray of evening sunlight piercing right through his right hip and Castiel can’t stop staring at the pool of light shining uninterrupted on the rug. He gets to his feet, finally, and takes a few steps toward the apparition.
The warm, waning light of the day blazes across the fields around the house and Castiel soaks it in, eyes closed. It’s not actually silent out here the way he’d expected it to be. The fields surrounding the house have been coming alive as spring has deepened toward summer and the chirp of crickets and the sleepy evening titter of birds fill the air. It’s a welcome contrast to the relentless drone of the sander. And he can hardly remember when his life featured only a soundtrack of sterile HVAC hum and city traffic.
“Pretty sure. Once I found him in the obit, I did a White Pages search and found this.” She hands him a second paper.
“No. No no no no, I’m not leaving. I can’t leave. Sam! Sam, Jesus, look at you! You grew up. And Cas—” Dean’s voice breaks and so does Castiel’s dam of restraint. His face crumples in tears and he lets out a sob as the flame glow reaches Dean’s ribs. It’s starting to emanate from him rather than consume him.
Half an hour later he has the texts he needs plus a few more on refurbishment and stops by the reference desk, resolved to better thank Meg for her help. Before he can even begin, though, she’s eyed his selection and is ready with a retort. “Landed yourself a fixer-upper?”
He rolls his hips instinctually, breathes out Cas's name. His hands seize into fists around the bedcovers and his head twists, forehead pressing into Cas's neck. He's about to beg, but Cas doesn't make him. Warm fingers crawl into place over and around Dean's cock. "Oh God," he groans, hips pushing down, back arching. "Just like that," he says when he settles back down, "Just like that, Cas, yes."
Dean cusses and slams the steering wheel with the butt of his hand. "The little bastard was reading my mind, wasn't he?"
Castiel had been disappointed not to see Dean the rest of last night or this morning, but he hadn’t thought about it in those terms—Dean acting like an asshole, making a situation about himself. And yet, there were elements of truth there, and the fact that Dean had evidently been stewing about it was endearing. He moves over to his desk and flips through the mail, unshouldering his bag onto the chair.
There’s a creak and a thump just before Castiel reaches the kitchen but when he whips through the door—heart pounding in his throat and wrench up ready to swing—there’s nothing. Nothing but the kitchen door swung open, doorknob bumping against the wall in the breeze.
Castiel skin prickles like goosebumps, and he doesn’t think it’s just the temperature change. “‘Now’? As compared to what?”
He hops to the side and moves to sit down, with the plan of taking off his other sock and using it to wipe the red off his foot. Instead, the hand he extends while levering himself down also lands in the paint pan.
“Most recently, yes.” Castiel sips his beer and doesn’t miss Dean’s intense interest in his swallow. Does he miss beer? Did he used to sit here, as Castiel is now?
He picks up the PBJ and tries to unstick the ziplock quietly. Meg swings the book he was reading her way and waits until he’s swallowed his first bite before checking in.
He turns off the water himself, aware that his legs are beginning to feel weak once again. He braces an arm against the shower wall and runs a hands down his face, scratching his fingers through the beard growth he'd allowed in Purgatory. Dean had been correct, however. Castiel does feel better. Restored, if not in strength or grace then in spirit. But there are still so many unknowns ahead of him—of them. He doesn’t know where to begin.
With Cas braced above him, Dean's got himself in hand. He's rock solid and it's awesome, but also unfair. The slash of pain is still there. "God, Cas. God, I want to be hard for you, because'a you," he confesses.
The next time Dean wakes up, he's warm. And he's not alone. Cas is curled next to him, lying on top of the covers in shirtsleeves and socks, with one arm circled over Dean's back.
Cas nods. "You're being compelled to do this, Dean. There isn't shame in what you can't control." He says that second part absently, like his thoughts slipped somewhere else for a second. And he seems to be puzzling something else out when he adds, "You don't have a choice."
Sam bursts into relieved laughter. Elbows propped on knees, he hangs his head before smiling up at Dean, eyes shining. “Hey, Dean.”
"You're still here." Cas says, over-solemn and eternally disappointed, as the plastic mayonnaise jar hits the floor with a bounce.
“Would you like to see inside? I could give you a quick tour. You know, just to be sure. The house, it’s, um—it’s a special property, Mr. Novak. You really should see it first. Really.” Her eyes widen and voice drops as she insists, but then seems to remember herself. “Just to know what you’re getting into!” she adds lightly, but her laugh is fluttery.
He half sees Cas wave a hand in the dark as he rolls up against Dean. "It's fine," he says, but doesn't fight the position change. In fact, he keeps going. He pushes Dean flat and slinks down to kiss the top of Dean's shoulder, his pec, and suck at a nipple—and how he knew to do that, Dean has no idea but, fuck. He writhes and lets out a moan, feeling Cas smile to himself before swirling his tongue again.
It's absurd, Cas standing there with an apron over his trench coat and one of those floppy chef hats on his head, flipping pancakes. But it's one of those things that assures Dean he's actually sleeping and actually dreaming. The real Cas would never go for that shit. He wouldn't pop up into Dean's subconscious with a message from Heaven and decide to whip up breakfast while he's at it.
Hearing Dean call it that makes Castiel uncomfortable. Maybe it’s the lilt of judgement in Dean’s voice, or the sting of memory. Either way, it’s odd he never quite thought in those terms while he worked for his father’s firm, under the directorship of his brother. “Yes.”
He's showered and dressed and about to go—really, he is—when Cas catches his bottom lip between his tongue and teeth and sneaks into Dean's mouth. Dean hums and catches a finger in Cas's belt loop, pulling their bodies together again.
"I know." Dean can hear Cas's smug smile. He brushes his hand over Cas's crotch and Cas gasps. "Dean," he breathes, throaty and eager. Dean's the smug one now.
That hasn't happened for years. Sure as hell never happened in Purgatory. Dean leans against the bedroom doorjamb, arms crossed, and wonders what's different now, if this is like the power drain during the apocalypse or if losing his angel juice was part of the deal in escaping Purgatory.
Dean hangs up as he climbs out of the car and slams the door. Pissed off doesn't even begin to describe this one. And, all right, sure, so he's mostly pissed at himself. For not figuring it out sooner, for fucking up the thing he wanted before he even knew he wanted it, which has got to be a special talent.
Dean's eyes narrow. "What's that supposed to mean?" Cas shoots him another laser look and doesn't answer, which Dean's pretty sure is passive-aggressive angel for
Castiel glances at the rearview mirror to check on Meg. They’re three hours into their second four-hour drive of the day, and they’d gotten up early to meet Sam by midmorning. She’s laying in the backseat and using her leather jacket as a pillow, asleep.
