The Alpha brought one arm under the Consulting Detective and gave his a cock a few firm strokes before he pushed two fingers of the other hand into his entrance.
The man's face was a testament to the agony he was experiencing but he still watched Sherlock carefully as he got up from the ground and held a hand out for John.
Sherlock had often planned to delete this knowledge but he never did, partly because he quite fancied Shakespeare but mostly because John did too. They argued about the skull's name now and then, and Sherlock never admitted that he envied John for the idea.
“Sherlock, I…I am definitely not able to have such a conversation with an empty stomach. Do I even want to know how you… Oh, don’t answer that.” John said, pulling his jacket on and making a dismissive gesture with his right hand at the same time.” I am going to do some shopping. Need anything?”
“If you had told me right away this wouldn’t have to hurt.” The disinfectant made Sherlock hiss in pain before he sat up to take a closer look himself. A surprised expression crossed his face that was quickly replaced by a faint display of interest.
3 days into Sherlock’s heat, the former urgency was slowly receding and the bond was influencing their sex in new, thrilling ways. For one, John didn’t need to see Sherlock’s face anymore to know exactly what Sherlock wanted him to do next.
Thirty minutes later, he stood in the doorway. He knew why he hesitated and found it perfectly reasonable. Pity. Greg would have the look on his face that always made John want to cry. No not cry. Weep. He sighed heavily.
“I am glad.” He admitted. “I am glad that you weren't there when I woke up and I am glad that there never was a baby you could have burdened me with.” Guilt was nagging at him but he felt he had to go on.”I don't know what I thought. You were
“I don't know what else to say or why Sherlock brought me here.” John added quietly as he began to turn around only to stop midway and look back at the small stone.
Breathing out, Sherlock kept himself completely still while the slippery limb drew back and left his body. He expected to feel John pressing insistently against his entrance any second but the soldier had other ideas. With a gasp he noticed the unfamiliar sensation of heat and tightness and John. It took him a moment to recognise that this perception somewhat crawled up his back. An odd but entirely pleasant feeling, he realised.
“Let me guess… “ Sherlock said in his best I-know-something-you-don’t-voice and bit harshly into John’s neck. Startled, the doctor staggered backwards.
John felt the hair in his neck raising before he saw the movement in the corner of his eye and spun around pointing his gun towards a crowded corner underneath the stairway.
“I love you.” He whispered into the dark curls above him as he formed a tunnel with his fist for Sherlock to push into. Just slightly, he created a counter-rhythm with his wrist. Exactly as he knew Sherlock wanted it.
“Fucking hell!” He muttered when he saw Sherlock lying on his back in the middle of the bed, legs spread apart, desperately stroking his cock and pushing two fingers inside his leaking entrance.
“Wow, you are hungry aga….” Sherlock was standing naked in the kitchen, bent low to peer into the vegetable cooler. A choked “God!” fell from John’s lips.
The next two days went by painfully unhasty. Not on purpose, both Sherlock and John avoided each other. The weight of an oncoming éclat bearing down on every interaction, no matter how mundane, making them squirm in the presence of the other.
“We are few, as I said, and it seems that they have been living in small, hidden communities before there weren’t even enough left of us in every country to form such a community. Additionally, there is the fact that most Omegas are men.”
“Here.” Came the faint answer from beside the window. John was standing behind the curtain watching the street outside as it appeared peaceful to an uninformed observer. John turned towards Sherlock, untangling himself from the curtain and took the few steps over to the couch where he sat down heavily. Sherlock got up to take a seat on the other side of the table, opposite John.
But John had other plans. This new relationship to Sherlock was unlike every other he had ever had and he wanted their first time to be a testimonial to that. In the last two weeks, John had build up his courage and ended up deciding that the way they would have sex would show his commitment to their correlation.
“Labradorite. Not native to London.” Sherlock said, moving the stone in his hand to show John how the light got caught in it, making the surface shine blue and yellow before letting it drop to the ground again. “I'll leave you to yourself.” Quickly, the belstaff vanished out of John's sight.
After being able to analyse these additional limbs over the course of three months Sherlock shivered now as felt the one tentacle that seemed to come right out of his spine slowly extracting itself. From his experience it had only one purpose.
John felt his heart hammer against his ribcage as he forcefully pushed the door to the stairwell open and immediately made space for Sherlock to follow. The tall man’s handgun was held on eye level as they assessed the situation. Greg and Sean were trying to cover all other directions, standing protective behind Mycroft and Martha with their own guns drawn.
With hazy vision, he couldn’t do anything but watch as Sherlock let the dressing gown slip to the floor and headed to his bedroom. The detective stopped in the middle of the kitchen to note with satisfaction how John’s eyes had followed the movements of his bare arse.
This time John wasn’t able to erase the images from his head. Before he had made a conscious decision he had taken himself in hand and was so very, very close to orgasm that he just had to finish. Had to take the edge off.
This night, Sherlock was too agitated to sleep. His rips hurt and his left cheekbone also hummed with pain. Reverently, he took his violin out of its case and played, longingly looking out of the window towards his former home.
“It’s O.K., John. He is gone. Come here and stop me from eating the plate.” Sherlock said calmly. Somehow, it helped to sooth John. Sherlock was there, in the same room, Lestrade was gone and they were alone again.
Hesitantly, John pulled back and looked up into Sherlock’s face. The Consulting Detective’s eyes were closed for a moment longer before he dragged them slowly open and answered John’s questioning gaze. John wasn’t able to keep the happy smile from his face but, raising one brow; he cocked his head to the right and waited for an explanation. He could exactly pinpoint the moment Sherlock tensed and struggled for words.
Looking at the raised shoulders and crossed arms that were effectively covering John’s groin, Sherlock took a deep breath.
“Sherlock?” He asked through gritted teeth, pressing his fingers into the pale skin at Sherlock's hips.
As soon as Sherlock noticed that John’s hand was gone, he felt knees on either side of his thighs. He looked up into John’s eyes. There was a short moment of absolute silence before John positioned himself over Sherlock’s engorged q cock.  He held it against his entrance and, with a self - assuring nod sank slowly down until the head of Sherlock’s length slipped behind the tight ring of muscles.
John. It didn’t escape him that he was a Watson too but this fact didn’t interest him in the slightest. He was a Prince himself and that, as well, meant nothing to him.
“I miss you. I love you.” He shifted into his military stance and quickly turned around. He knew he’d never come back.
It was not the first time that he got his answer before having to ask a question, but that stopped happening a long time ago. His grin widened even more. He laid wallet and banknote on the desk to look up the rest of the message. Act 2, scene 3, line 44-45.
“How long have you been out there?” Sherlock asked enquiringly while completely ignoring the agonising pain the man was in.
His spine-tentacle moved behind him relentlessly. For a short moment he wasn’t sure if he should just let things happen to him, passive and just feeling, or if he wanted to explore every inch of John’s body. The doctor made the decision for them.
Experimentally, he added his hand to the sensation, carefully tugging at the sensitive skin covering Sherlock’s testicles. The reaction was instantaneous but only partly the way John had anticipated. He felt the flesh underneath his tongue lift towards him, silky skin over hard stiffness, as the legs right and left of him were pressing against him. The next second, Sherlock scrambled backwards into a sitting position before leaving the bed in a hurry.
Impatient, he let his whole kingdom know that he was willing to pay for new information about the unseen Prince.
John was still trying to process this new piece of information and the images it brought along when he curled his fingers downwards.
It took him longer than usual to relax enough to start with his ritual. He let his hand lay on his prick for a few minutes, just feeling the fabric of his pants between his hand and the skin of his cock. Trying to calm himself, John took a few deep breaths before he slipped his hand into his pants, and began to caress the shaft. He felt it gradually swell under his treatment, and closed his hand around the root. Again, he felt the small bump under his fingers.
“John Watson, do you think I am already demented? I know, I didn't seem to be very resilient but it is very offending that you don't think me strong enough to endure the truth.” Her expression was offended indeed.
There wasn’t an inch left between them. And Sherlock couldn’t help thinking that it was just the way it should always be. Nothing separating them. At least not physically. He felt John harden even more inside of him, the pace now smooth and languid again.
The torch's cone of light was interrupted by the dusty chairs which were stapled underneath the stairway but John could clearly identify a somewhat wet looking scaly surface behind them. No dog then...
“They all see it. Every single one of them. They pretend not to. I am fairly certain that I am playing my role very convincingly though. Because I am the best actor. I am so good at it, you would be pleased. No, that is the wrong word. You would be impressed at how I developed the ability to make everyone believe that I am feeling better. That I am not feeling lonely without you. That I don’t have to struggle to get up in the morning. It helps, you know. I watch their relief when I smile at them and I am almost able to believe it myself.” He shrugged his shoulders at that.
“I was never sure if you were.” Sherlock took a moment to think about the implications of John’s statement while Angelo’s slowly began to dissolve around them.
“He doesn’t have any.” Sherlock stopped him mid-sentence before he narrowed his eyes at him. “And you don’t tell him about them! Not about the real ones. Is that understood?”
Two hours later, Sherlock hears John passing on the staircase and not even pausing in front of the living room as he makes his way up stairs. His steps are heavy and just a bit on the clumsy side. Probably three beers and two scotch, then.
“No one qualified enough? In all of Greater London?” He didn't know whether to laugh or cry. His muscles ached and his back was not far from cramping all over.
“He shouldn’t have forgotten who was paying him. At least, he was willing to tell me where to look for you.” A blatant lie. John knew Bill would never have told them anything. Mike and Bill were his only friends since childhood. When Mike had told him that Bill had a new employment as
Now John felt drained and giddy at the same time. He felt more sure of himself and his abilities not to say his own value for their little group than he'd had in the last months.
"Change of plans." He whispered when Sherlock and Greg had reached his position. "Sherlock will be in the middle. Greg, you will look out for hand signs of him. I don't want to make too much noise as long as we don't know what's in there."
fault. I betrayed him. For you, out of all people. Even though… Even though we both knew what he means to me. You knew and you tried to take him from me again.” He swallowed hard.
“John.” A sigh of contentment and the Consulting Detective slackened in the awkward embrace of his own tentacles.
“I got this book when I turned fourteen. It was a gift from my mother. She was an Omega and she wanted her son to know what would await him if he ever managed to find his other half.” Sherlock said, calmly.
“Well, not especially for me. She wrote them when she was 23, in the hope that they would aid her future children. She was very happy when she met my father but she had always hoped to meet her Alpha. Although, people like us have always been rare, there were a few more in her time. When she married him, she knew she would never experience the bond between Alpha and Omega, but she trusted that one of her children would.” Sherlock explained with a loving expression on his face.
“Oh, you know how I love baking. Especially for you two.” She hesitated before she went on. “And I wanted to talk to you. See how you're doing.”
John came to believe that there had to be someone out there that was meant for him and he decided not to spend his life with anybody else. For years to come he would hold on to this conviction.
“Later, John.” Sherlock brushed him off rummaging through the chaos above the fireplace before fishing out a note and dialing the number on it.
John had hoped that a nap would help Sherlock to calm down but he was actually surprised when Sherlock slept for whole 5 hours only to eventually wake up with a murmured “Fuck.”.
Judging from the sun, it was around midday when they reached St. Paul’s and Sherlock decided this to be a perfect location to get some rest and a better impression of their surroundings.
John held Sherlock’s hips in a strong grip, forcing him on his cock again and again. The Omega was already bracing himself against the headboard while John kept on thrusting into him.
“Yes. God, yes. Please, John!” Agonizingly slow, John removed his fingers before he tried to regain the lost time by rolling on a condom hurriedly and coating his cock in a handful of lube.
“Aaaahhh, fff….” John's cock pulsed while his body bowed with the power of his orgasm. For a second, Sherlock cursed inwardly. He was unable to grab his own cock and finish himself off, being pressed as tight as he was against his flat mate-turned-lover.  His body moved of his own accord, trying to find the desperately needed satisfaction.
“As you wish.” The blogger muttered and, taking a torch from underneath the sink, made his way through the parlour.
Sherlock pushed back against the tentacle inside him and forward into the tunnel the tentacle formed around his heavy arousal. He could only move and feel. Speech had abandoned him at this point. With a huge effort he managed to moan in desperation but it was enough to make John understand. He felt a light press against his inner walls and suddenly he was coming, his whole body convulsing. His arms were barely able to support his weight as he threw his head back, wordlessly.
The next morning, John is sitting in the kitchen, nibbling on a slice of bread, but not even remotely enjoying it. Now and then he shakes his head at the thoughts that cross his mind. He feels the need for a strong scotch and a pub crawl but it is only 9 am. Definitely this evening, though. He'd already sent a text to Mike who agreed eagerly. For now, the food and thinking would have to do.
“Boring!” Sherlock exclaimed in mock annoyance before grabbing his hand anyway and dragging him to the exit.
Oh God. I hope the grammar doesn't suck too much. I STILL haven't found a beta and I learn to live with it, at the moment.
“0.2 per cent of the world’s population are Alpha-born. 3 per cent Omega. At least, that’s what my figures say.”
45 minutes of pain and sweat later John watched Louise leave, treatments table folded under her massive arm. Not even trying to get up from the couch, John called Sherlock's name.
Sherlock mostly kept himself out of 221b and busy with following people around until there was nothing left to deduce about them or they confronted him for his ‘stalking’, ‘creepiness’ or ‘awkward attempt at flirting’. Sometimes all of the three. One woman even yelled
“Oh, fuck!” John’s self control began to falter with every needy sound Sherlock was uttering. He pushed a third finger inside the tight entrance, busying his other hand by rubbing his thumb up and down Sherlock’s length. 3 fingers had to be enough, he presumed. They just had to be. Sherlock was close already with the added stimulation to his shaft.
Adding more oil, Sherlock dragged his hands up and down the tense arms before he let them wander over John's torso with soft pressing motions. Watching him in fascination, the blond felt the tension die away. His back still hurt but he was absolutely certain Sherlock would take care of that, too. His sides were ticklish but with little extra pressure even that felt relaxing.
“Drawer.” Sherlock replied before he understood the possible implication. “John, I am not sure that…”
Avoiding another glance at his reflection, Sherlock shucked his pants and let water run into the bath tub.
“But if something’s coming up through the ground, chances are the bunker’d get destroyed. They wouldn’t have a use for it if it was, right?” Greg’s voice was incredulous as he looked at Mycroft.
Right here in this moment, he realized that not being in control, not foreseeing the next touch/wriggle/thrust, was the real stimulus. Sherlock had a hard time not allowing his body to fall for John’s ministrations. This was only the beginning of a long cherished fantasy and he wouldn’t let his transport sabotage the real thing.
“Come on, Sherlock!” John whispered into the mumbling man’s ear. “Listen!”  Cross-legged on the floor, he was pressing his shoulder into the detective’s chest and tapping urgently against the hand he had pulled onto his thigh.
Carefully and almost without any pressure, Sherlock spread the liquid over his shoulder blades and lower back.
As he slowly blinked his eyes open, he noticed two things. The first was the distinct lack of sunlight in his room. The lamp was lit on his bedside table. The second, and more important one, was the cool air causing goose bumps on his thigh. His wet inner thigh.
Mycroft’s disgruntled look of approval and Martha’s worried expression did nothing to slow Sherlock down as he entered the reception area through a broken glass door.
John looked around for several seconds in a vain attempt of calming himself. “This is who I am. An angry, frustrated ex-soldier. I am not Sherlock's sidekick. I am… “ He didn't know how to go on. “I am glad I survived you. And I am glad you are dead. That's all.”
“How…? I don’t… No, this can’t be true.” She stammered walking backwards and pulling her own hair. As the hollows of her knees hit the coffee table she sat down hard on it.
“No!” Sherlock yelled, resolutely. His father’s face contorted in anger but Sebastian seemed to be unimpressed if not amused. Sherlock had to try something else than just arguing. He walked closer to the throne and knelt down at his father feet.
Sherlock supposed that Sebastian had needed those three days to figure out a new way to make him cry. The new way turned out to be unabashed violence.
“To give me a full body massage?” John asked in disbelief. He leant forward, looking from right to left while trying to find out where this was coming from.
Maybe that was a bit too much. Maybe John is exasperated now, or angry, or both. He doesn’t demand another picture. He doesn’t text at all.
Greg nodded, already used to them having completely mute conversations every now and then, he knew how their communication would work from that point onwards.
Startled, he realized that he valued John’s life higher than his own. He just knew that it was his job to protect John’s life at all costs. Looking back at that Moriarty incident he had probably known for a long time.
The consulting detective sat back on his heels and gave him a warning. “Now the legs.”Draping a blanket over John's upper body, he shuffled backwards, starting at the right ankle.
“Please, take off your trousers and underwear and lie down on the examination table. I will have a look at your member first, and then I will give you some private time before I come back and look at your erect penis. “
John was panting heavily above him. He didn’t seem to mind the faster, more intense pace so Sherlock decided to continue what he was doing.
“That was surprisingly pleasant. I wouldn’t mind a repetition.” Sherlock said, as if he was talking to himself but he looked expectantly at John, who immediately understood that there would be no further explanation in the near future. Not a first, when it came to Sherlock’s actions.
He watched with rapt attention as Sherlock pushed himself up from his knees and, closing his eyes, swallowed visibly. John’s skin was tingling and his pace quickened when Sherlock spoke again.
Tesco was the only shop that wasn’t closed down due to a shortage of staff but it was vastly deserted. John entertained the idea that he might have woken up in a post-apocalyptic alternate universe while he made his way through the aisles. His stomach was growling angrily, making him wonder when he’d eaten last. While he had been watching over Sherlock’s eating habits like a hawk, he himself had probably not eaten for days. He didn’t know. Everything seemed like a haze when he looked back now.
John was getting angry again. At himself. At Sherlock for not stopping him and, first and foremost, at Mary. He took a calming breath as he toweled his hair dry before being painfully interrupted by a cramp in his bizeps.
“Sherlock! Please, let me put the groceries away.” John wriggled free from the assault and fled into the kitchen with Sherlock on his heels.
“Not really. We didn't know her religion and there was no obituary, of course.” Sherlock stated cautiously. “And you were in coma. I didn't care much for her remains “ He winced,for once realising his lack of empathy. “ so I let Mycroft decide what to do.”
When John came out of the bathroom, Sherlock entered the flat. Having left without a coat, the detective must have been freezing outside but his face was flushed and there was a slight sheen of perspiration on his skin.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes, taking in John’s expression and every nuance of his voice before he made to walk over to him. Cautiously, he bent over his groin and gazed down.
Prince James’ carriage was outworn and it made Sherlock wonder if it would bring them to their destination, at all. When he first entered, there were already two men sitting on one side. They looked at him with disgust and annoyment. It was the first hint for Sherlock that something was wrong. He’d thought that James had chosen him for the game, too. That maybe he’d heard of Sherlock like Sherlock had heard of him. On the carriage ride he attempted a few times to find out what the Prince was playing at but James was only sitting beside him, smiling manically at his minions. He only talked to Sherlock in the short breaks they made every few hours on their trip, telling Sherlock jokes or overly dramatic stories that had occurred in his kingdom.
“So… dreamed something interesting lately?” Sherlock asked with amusement in his voice. The blush that appeared on the DI’s cheeks was answer enough.
“I will go out for 5 minutes now. Please make sure to have an erection when I come back.” With that, Rosen left the room.
“For a second I hated your offspring. Less than a second, I’d say.” Sherlock shook his head as if to shake off the feeling itself. “When I told you, I watched your reaction but I was too hurt to understand the change of emotion on your face. This whole wedding business…. “
Just then, Sherlock begins to move. He budges his hips in expanding waves, adopting a comfortable pace that lets John relish the feeling of their shared connection without making him desperate. He entwines their fingers over John’s chest and lets a happy smile cross his features. Forth and back like the tides, his motions fluent and unhurried, designed to torture them both. For a while, that’s enough, until it isn’t. Sherlock starts sliding up and down John’s throbbing length in earnest, now. Riding him with just the right amount of pressure. Exactly how he’d imagined it a hundred times before. He fights the urge to touch himself, groaning in desperation. John moves in sync with him, meeting every downwards thrust with one of his own. He shifts restlessly in John’s lap to find the right angle for is cock to graze his…
John ordered while falling back on the bed. Uncertain, Sherlock raised his thighs and watched as John pulled his legs up only to push them into the space beneath his pelvis. Sherlock held on to his shoulders, his cock brushing John’s hip bone and reminding him of his own desire.
Getting it over with, Sherlock pushed his pants down where their tight cut caused them to get stuck around his knees.
Some of you might miss an explanation for what John and the others did in Regent's Park and I considered writing one but frankly: Our friends don't know either and I personally prefer some magic in my life. Not everything should be explained and analysed in depth, in my opinion.
John watched as Sherlock folded his expensive shirt and neatly placed it on the nearby chair but closed his eyes when the pale man began to open his trousers. No need to stir his nervousness any more but he suddenly realised the position he was in.
"Mycroft is going to stay here with Mrs. Hudson but we will keep contact through the walkies and if we need help he will send it." Help meant the pilot that had brought them here and the technician that had been doing maintenance work in the bunker when all went to hell. Both of which John knew nothing about and had never talked to aside of some uttered words of reassurance when he saw the wedding bands around their fingers on the second day. He doubted that they would be of any assistance in case of an emergency. Their personal tragedy had taken over their lives and had drained them of every ounce of energy until only hollow shells remained.
In this case, Sherlock was the experienced one. He pushed John up as far as possible without slipping out of him and shifted his hips just a few centimeters to the left, before he thrust in again.
Above him, he heard little gasps and moans that eventually grew ragged when John scratched his fingernails lightly down Sherlock’s back.
“Ok. Ok, that’s… Sherlock, I’d rather not come without making it out of my knickers.” A little disappointed, Sherlock let John’s cock slip out of his mouth. Getting it over with, he pulled the offending fabric roughly off and threw it on the floor.
“John.” Sherlock said in a commanding voice. “Breath! I was just not expecting you to… be willing to…”
John thought about that when the man turned mid-flight and questioningly pointed into the crater. Nodding, he wondered if they'd ever make it further than 50 meters without encountering a more or less dangerous monster. They needed a better equipment. And an army would be good as well.
“You look tired. You should take a nap.” John stated but Sherlock continued to rub his hand against his groin through the fabric of the robe.
It was 3 am when John woke up to find himself cuddled up against Sherlock. It took him a while to realize that, in the first light of day, this could turn out to be problem. Even though if right then it didn’t feel like one. John felt oddly content right where he was. Sharing a bed with his best friend, felt like a natural progression of their relationship to him. In the evening, John had simply done what the situation had called for, usually that was a course of action that worked out for him. Until there would be evidence to the contrary he wouldn’t make himself regret his behavior. He pushed himself up resting his head on his left hand to look at Sherlock’s relaxed face and rhythmic respiration.
after all, John lay back on his front in the middle of the bed. The rustle of clothing told him that he hadn't severely miscalculated the outcome of this endeavour.
Undressing was awkward with Sherlock looking at him like a lion waiting to attack the gnu. The well-dressed consulting detective didn't move at all while John tried to adjust to the rather unfamiliar foreplay. He wasn't shocked, though. It was Sherlock after all and expecting their first intimate encounter to be like one of those he'd had before was just ridiculous.
John isn’t happy. Sherlock can see as much. Still, they gaze at each other with a smile gracing their faces. They are holding hands and nuzzling against each other. It’s distracting and more than a bit annoying. John drifts off for a few seconds but she is already there to pull him back to reality. She grins and kisses him. Time to leave. Sherlock can’t stand it, it’s too…something. He makes it to his room before he thinks
Sherlock stared into his eyes so intensely that it made all other means of communication unnecessary. Thoughts and words and the rest of the world became a mere afterthought whenever they were together like this.
Sherlock groaned to himself in frustration. He listened while John left the kitchen and made his way up to his room. Sherlock, using only his feet, freed himself of his shoes, slipping out of them without bothering to get up.
“Sherlock?” John hurried into the kitchen while he was still struggling to breathe again. Sherlock was there packing things into boxes and obviously refusing to acknowledge John’s existence.
“I….I wouldn’t be here if it could wait. John? Are you alright?” John took a step closer, now standing right in front of him, fixing him with a violent gaze.
Mycroft and Greg kept to themselves since they first had a long intense and very secluded conversation about dreams and the like. John was happy for them. They had actually won something out of their situation. Just like him and Sherlock, John supposed. When Mycroft left his quarter, he often appeared lost in thought. John had no doubt that the Politician still tried to find a way to rebuild some kind of civilization. Or maybe he only recounted weapons of mass destruction that were kept somewhere beneath their feet. If so, John didn't want to know.
“So it was you?” She said, her eyes wide and almost manic as she turned facing John. “You brought this with you. You started this!” She hissed stepping closer. “End it!”
Shortly before sundown, Prince Sebastian entered his room with big strides. Before Sherlock even knew what was happening, the wild looking man was looming over him, his dirty hair plastered to his forehead.
“Do what?” John asked raising his chin and looking into her eyes, unblinking. He saw Sherlock standing up as well behind her, ready to step in if necessary. It was such an unusual behavior that it caught John slightly off guard. Though, not as much as Mrs. Phillips beginning to pull her shirt over her head. This time he took a step backwards, unsure what to think and how to act. But he rapidly understood when he caught Sherlock glancing at her back with interest.
He didn’t move a muscle until he heard Sherlock rummaging in the kitchen. John listened to him searching through the cabinets. He doubted that his flat mate actually knew where the plates and cups were located but he would not help. No, he would not.
“As you wish, my son. You will not marry this man just yet but I want you to accompany him to his kingdom where you will live until you are ready to get married.” Sherlock’s face fell.
A wave of affection rolled through John and elicited a soft sigh. He instinctively knew that it was the bond, letting him share what Sherlock felt.
He demanded, angrily staring at his flat mate which immediately looked up at him. He knew what he would see on the back of the bra-clad upper body.
One hand on John's chest, Sherlock began to move. Slowly at first, he soon found a comfortable and languid pace.
They had been talking for a while now, both of them avoiding the topic of Omega-Heat. John didn’t know how to ask for something that was obviously a precarious subject to Sherlock but what he had read about it had made him curious, uncomfortable and aroused in equal measures.
He looked around for something to nudge it with and found a coat hanger which was entirely too short for his liking but would have to do. Greg's dubious expression didn't make the situation any better.
Sherlock and John were standing in their hallway after they had wrapped up their last case by running after the perpetrator for 40 long minutes.
He heard the detective sigh in fake boredom as he made his way through the kitchen. Thanks to Mrs. Hudson’s talkative nature Lestrade was only now climbing the stairs. John opened the door to let him in, a strong wave of guilt rushing through him at the sight of the DI. It wasn’t that he was looking different to any other time they had met but with John’s knowledge about what he’d done to him, he just couldn’t help it.
He didn’t know how normal people acted in situations like that. He actually doubted that people often found themselves in similar situations.
Quietly, Sherlock crept back to the house. He was decided to access the situation properly and wait for the right moment to attack when he heard Moriarty ordering his man to grab both of John’s arms and pull him upright.
Nervously, John let his fingers slip into the cleft between Sherlock’s cheeks, gently probing while lustfully watching Sherlock.
Hurriedly, he pushed his army trousers down and stepped out of them when he felt the tentacles slipping into his pants and slowly tugging them down his legs. Languorously, they wound around his waist and inner thighs, restlessly wandering over his pale skin.
The black rattan furniture was still there but dirty and wet to its core where it stood on the terasse. The railing was deformed but complete in contrast to its glass filling which was mostly cracked or entirely missing. The part of the bar that was roofed looked almost untouched, though and they decided to settle for the night.
“Obviously.” Sherlock said taking a seat opposite her. John, too, had noticed her loss of weight since she had come to hire them but there wasn’t much else he could offer her. Bracing himself he sat stiffly in the remaining chair.
“Gods? GOD’S?” Mrs. Phillips yelled angrily. “Monsters! That’s what we became! And what about the people that died? What about my mother?” Tears were gathering in her eyes and her voice broke to an ugly squeal. The hair in John’s neck stood on end, a strong sense of danger crawling up his spine he felt the urge to intervene.
Sherlock sat up, leaning forwards with his elbows on his thighs and closed his eyes in recollection. “Ok. As far as I know a man called Howard Phillips is the reason for this evolutionary step. Or Mutation if you will. His wife hired us a few weeks ago after he went missing. He had an obsession with everything related to the so-called Great Old Ones. Does that ring a bell?” Sherlock asked conversationally, opening his eyes to show the DI that he was meant to answer.
“So, what you are telling me, Doctor Watson, is that the bulge isn’t visible if your penis is flaccid. Am I right?” Doctor Rosen asked, calmly.
“Ok…” He nodded to himself. “Why do you like this one?” Carefully, he put his hand on the marked skin.
It took John very long to understand that his mother had not cried on his father’s head until his hair turned white.
When Sherlock emerges the next morning, he feels exhausted and wary. John will come around, eventually. He knows it. Has to believe it in order to keep the façade. John will find out for himself and everything will be just fine. Hopefully.
“Aren’t you going to sleep? The case is solved, after all.” John was fidgeting and staring at his hands, while he repeatedly licked his lips.
Soon, Sherlock was satisfied with his work there and moved on, sliding his fingers up over shoulders and upper arms. The movements made it seem as if he had lost track of his initial plan but before John could comment on it, he felt Sherlock sit back, resting on his thighs and immediately changing the tone of his ministrations.
“Stop talking!” Sherlock's voice didn't carry the demanding note he clearly wanted it to. He pressed hard down against John, rounding his back to guide John's cock where he wanted it. John's movements turned more hurried and grew in force. His eyes now watching the tentacles as they began to quiver.
Lovingly, he let a hand travel up the Omega’s back to rest it on the bruised spot that displayed their new connection. Out of an impulse, John pressed it hard and earned a passionate scream from Sherlock that fed his enthusiasm.
Not as aimlessly moving as he wanted to make himself believe, he found himself mechanically unlocking the door to his old life. Minding the time, John tried to take the stairs as quiet as possible as not to wake Mrs. Hudson. He sighed in relaxation when he heard Sherlock muttering through the door to the parlour. He enjoyed the times when Sherlock didn’t notice his presence and just kept on rummaging through his mind palace. Somehow, it felt like home to John. With the convenience of avoiding a cutting remark about his relationship status.
When John left the room, he avoided the obligatory handshake. He knew where Doctor Rosen's hands had been. That shouldn’t be a problem. At least not for him, but John had had enough physical contact with Rosen for one day.
His tedious boredom soon got unbearable and Sherlock was searching for distractions that would set free that exciting energy he had felt when he escaped Prince Sebastian.
“Sherlock, I have tried to convince you of the necessity of your marriage for years now. Every admirer that came here to court you was frightened of you, in the end. I know you don’t want to marry but it is not a good thing to spend one’s life in loneliness.”
John shuffled a bit closer. Erasing the space between them, he pulled their joined hands onto his thigh and smiled to himself when he felt Sherlock’s head on his shoulder.
The artificial light, Sherlock let immediately illuminate John's surroundings, barely cut through the dust hanging heavily in the air.
John was pretty sure he was right but the way the words were said was clearly meant to soothe Martha who was fighting back tears as she tried to make the maniacally laughing man drink a few sips of water.
“But…Do we look like monsters to you? You certainly don’t look like one to me.” He added in an attempt at kindness. He knew he had made a mistake when he saw a slight wince on Sherlock’s face.
“And stop this!” John said determinedly. Sherlock’s breathing visibly speed up but he nodded in affirmation.
“I think we are still evolving.” John stated, pointing a finger at his head before touching Sherlock’s temple with it. The detective froze in front of him. Towel hanging forgotten from his hand he asked himself if John really meant what he thought he did.
John had had enough. Enough of runny noses, yelling parents, complaining colleagues and chatty nurses. And the best was yet to come. A bored Sherlock. John squared his shoulders before opening the door to 221b and taking the stairs two at a time while he made his way to their living room.
The only answer he got was a nod before Sherlock’s head fell back again and his eyes closed. John struggled into a sitting position, leaning back on one arm while letting one hand wander over the other man’s chest and stomach. With care he pulled Sherlock’s hand away from his cock and closed his own around it. This was familiar territory to him. It wasn’t the first time he’d touched another man with the intention to give him pleasure but on these few occasions there had never been any romantic intentions on his side. This time he wanted to see and feel every reaction of his counterpart so he could repeat what he’d done if the chance arose again. After the first few strokes he established a rhythm and, having gained a bit more confidence in his actions, added some moves he himself enjoyed.
Wordless, Sherlock took John’s hand in his and pulled him down as he let himself fall backwards onto the bed. John caught his own weight with one arm, bumping into the Consulting Detective’s calf with his knee. None of them noticed, though. Sherlock had instantly begun to pull John’s jumper upwards what made it even more difficult to find a position that allowed them both to move freely. Trying to help Sherlock to accomplish his task, John pulled back but when he moved down again, Sherlock pushed him to the side by pressing against both of his shoulders. Irritated, John lay very still beside him and waited for the things to come.
“Am I now? And, statistically speaking, how often do I do that around you?” John looked at him expectantly.
John nodded at Sherlock's shirt before he sat up and pulled off his jumper. He felt the cool airflow of the ventilation system on his bare skin as he bent forward to get rid of his socks.
“But I saw it, too. Or didn’t. Whatever.” John remarked, lightly probing around the edges of the upper right orifice. Sherlock could feel the doctor’s breath on his skin and goose bumps blooming all over his back.
“It’s not surprising that you are always at work the whole day if you need that long for a prostate exam, John.” Sherlock complained, startling the doctor out of his revery. With Sherlock panting in between, it was difficult for John to muster up the strength to be offended. He knew very well that the consulting detective only wanted to get rid of his nervosity and that meant to come to the point rather quickly.
“Like every…?” John started but suddenly he realized how quiet everything was. There were barely any sounds from outside. He could hear few cars in the distance. The usual chatter from the café below was completely missing and even the ever present pigeons had fallen silent. When John cautiously stepped closer to the window and took a look outside there were no passersby.
Having dressed in a pair of boxers and a white shirt he walked down the stairs when he heard the doorbell ring. He ignored it, knowing all too well that their landlady was more than happy to answer the door but as soon as John heard Lestrade’s voice being carried up the stairs his attention was piqued. In a hurry he collected his trousers from the floor of Sherlock’s room and put them on.
“So, how can we help you?” Sherlock asked, coming to stand beside John’s chair and placing a hand in his neck. Lestrade’s eyes flicked from one to the other several times before he relaxed into the couch and nodded to himself.
Without looking up,  the consulting detective laced their fingers together. Feeling his anxiety dissipate, Sherlock leant back into the couch and, closing his eyes, took a deep breath.
At times, John was very worried about Mrs. Hudson. Her talkative and cheerful personality had suffered from the drastic developments of the last months and had turned into a rare and always welcome occurrence. Most of her days, she spend brooding in the huge kitchen section. Between all the stainless steel, her crooked body seemed alien and out of place. It hadn't taken them long to get used to her ear-less head but her melancholic state still prove to be hard to handle. Especially for Sherlock.
John sank his hand into the dark curls pulling Sherlock into a tender but promising kiss. At the same time he let his other hand wander down to the Detective's tail-bone feeling the glide of a slippery limp over the back of his hand. Above him, Sherlock shivered when he felt the first intrusion of the smooth tentacle breaching his body.
“No. It was the wound I got in Japan but if I am right, and I am sure I am, you operate as a catalyst to the mutation on people that haven’t evolved yet.” John stepped back from him letting his hands fall to his sides.
“John.” He sighs before kissing his neck while his arms close around John’s waist. He presses the length of his body against heated skin. It makes his senses tingle and he groans softly to answer the hitch in John’s breath. “John.” The name is barely a whisper on Sherlock's lips as he takes the sponge out of John's hand, letting it wander over his chest and stomach. The doctor's head falls back on his left shoulder, his eyes closed, the lips slightly parted and Sherlock is pleased by the possibility to watch the sponge glide over his golden skin. But much more pleased to see the which impact his proximity has on Johns hardening cock. He drags the sponge lower, over the pubic hair at first, but leading it still deeper - first over the right thigh then the left. John shivers under his assault but his eyes remain closed. Sherlock can feel his own arousal pressed against John’s bare back, just above the cleft of his arse. He drags his teeth over the doctor’s neck, biting carefully at his pulse point, sneaking his left hand to the hard length standing out proudly from the body in front of him. One slow stroke is rewarded with a rather obscene sound and a choked groan. “Sherlock. God, this is…Oh, fuck.” John thrusts unhurriedly into Sherlock's fist which makes his back rock against the detective's cock.  “Bed. Now?” The air around them is growing damper and Sherlock hasn’t actually showered but John's question is very welcome, anyway.
Aside of the Holmes brothers, none of their small group would have been able to afford a night at the Grange back in the days of hotel reservations and festive events. Now, the cathedral that had given the spacious hotel it’s suffix was barely more than a ruin. It’s walls sunken deep into the ground, the dome only recognizable to those who knew where to look for it.
Beneath him, John squirmed trying to keep from thrusting up. Agonizingly slow, Sherlock began to suck and move his head in long rhythmic motions. The tiny counter movements of John’s hips making it easy to adjust the tempo.
Sherlock had been at an absolute loss. When he’d entered the flat it was obvious that John had made up his mind about his attraction to Sherlock and then… Well, then the consulting detective had basically acted on autopilot.
“I...what? I don't know. What day is it?” Sherlock rolled his eyes at the man but his heart wasn't in it. Greg supposed even the Genius was able to imagine losing the sense of time out there.
“Oh, fff....” He commented eloquently as his breath left him in a rush. Not having a choice, John pulled back and repeated the motion. He clenched his eyes shut. The onslaught of stimulation, Sherlock’s appreciative groans and the pale man’s flushed face simply too much to handle.
“No really. I know I’ve been more than thick. It’s a bit embarrassing, especially for a doctor.” He crossed his arms behind his head leaning back and sighing in defeat. “They say that it is everywhere. How can it be everywhere? If it was in Japan, London and the few places the other passengers on the flight went to… But it is not. This is not a disease, is it?” Sherlock shook his head in response, surprised at John’s sudden calmness.
There was no need to remain silent when Sherlock was so deep in his head that it made him talk out loud. Relaxing further, John hung his jacket over a kitchen chair and put the kettle on.
“Have you been out there since you became ...that.” Sherlock gestured in an all encompassing way at the man's body. “Or have you spent time somewhere safe?”
With rapt attention he noticed the small hitch in John's breath as he reached his zipper and slowly opened it. Pulling down trousers and pants, Sherlock licked his lips suggestively.
John took him by the wrist again and pushed his arm over his head. Instantly, a deep blush blossomed on Sherlock’s face and his pupils dilated.
On day six, he entered the dark hut, the same way he had done all the days before. With a feather in his hands.
“That was a good one. I will have to thank Lestrade for it.” Sherlock said with a voice full of excitement.
Lightning brightened the sky over Baker Street as the rain ran over John’s face and dripped from his lashes onto his cheeks. Sherlock’s lips moved languidly against his, catching his lower lip and sucking lightly.
“Fff.... Yes!” The accompanying groan would have been answer enough but John needed to hear Sherlock to actually say it.
John rolled to the right, stopping Sherlock's legs from pressing uncomfortably into his back while he saw the men vanish into the gaping hole. The light of the lantern-thing was withdrawing fast into the darkness when he cautiously crawled forward to the descend.
Anxiously, John cleaned himself in the most efficient way. The whole time, his mind revolved around the U-turn his life had taken while he was fast asleep. From lonely, frustrated husband/soon-to-be father, to still-too-fond-of-the-flatmate widower.
“Of course I am afraid! If I wasn’t we wouldn’t be having this conversation.” He shouted in exasperation.
Even though the topic was unspoken between them, even though Sherlock and John almost never dared to think about it, their mutual understanding of what it was they felt for each other was as persistent and unintended as it was cherished. There was no discussion or even mention and there had never been. There simply was no need. They were grown men with experiences and preferences that had nothing to do with what they meant to each other. It wasn’t about sexuality or gender. Sooner or later they would find each other. Although both of them sometimes lost their faith in this fact, it was a major truth in both their lives.
It was too much. At least for John. As soon as Sherlock was completely resting on is thighs he made the tentacle stop. He let the limb rest inside him, though, the slight stretch being welcome nonetheless.
The liquid wasn’t tasty but appealing to John on an instinctual level. He just managed to think: “Pheromones!” before he pulled Sherlock’s hips in his lap.
Quietly, he locked his door and stripped out of his pants. He was still anxious because of the events of his last attempt at self-pleasure but he just had to relief himself after this hiatus.
Sherlock came to kneel over John, his legs on either side of John's thighs. The doctor entertained the idea of pulling him down and pressing their cocks together, to align them in a tight grip and feel their silky drag before coming wetly between them.
“Actually, you may not. I am waiting for someone.” The men’s voice was even but carried a clear tone of incomprehension.
It only took two days for Sherlock to become his own insufferable self again.  John had invited the client immediately when the Detective pressed the words
Johnn would have loved to be able to use the tempting looking elevator, in the cone of daylight ahead but he couldn’t imagine finding a way to get it running. The stairs it was then.
Inappropriate stimulus generalization occurs when different situations fail to produce discriminative operant responding. Generalization is not always inappropriate and occurs when you respond the same to two stimuli that are not identical.
If that description doesn’t help you to understand the psychological condition with which Sherlock diagnoses himself, think of a really horrible/ awesome person in your past and reflect on your reaction towards someone that looks even remotely similar.
“OK.” He nodded thoughtfully. He knew that he wouldn’t have to be careful and polite with John. If it would get too much he could just say so but right now… Well, right now he was more than fine.
“Lestrade. You shook his hand. Shortly after, he fell ill. I met him at the Yard and noticed that he kept scratching his back. Long story short, he’s got tentacles and disturbing dreams about my brother.”
“Mycroft, we are coming back. Put the kettle on.” He said knowing that his brother would detest his relaxed voice and display of domesticity in this strained situation. The way John smiled at him in amusement and relief was even better.
“Harder, John. Harder is good.” A request coupled with a simple statement but spoken in the most sensual voice John had ever encountered.
Whatever it was he wanted to say, it was drowned out by Sherlock’s loud groan of his name as the tentacle inside him began to squirm restlessly.
Through the Window, Sherlock watched as the men dragged John across the street, through a backyard and into a deserted house with barricaded windows and an old wooden door hanging loosely in it’s hinges. As soon as he saw them vanish inside he exited the Inn, deliberately stumbling and swaying in broad wiggly lines. With the coat collar hiding most of his face he made his way to the chubby housing. He waited silently in front of the door, listening for the voices inside. He could clearly hear Moriarty’s high pitched, manic voice through the broken front window when he began to speak.
The doctor was very much inclined, Especially that ‘different part’. He had been so focussed on pleasuring Sherlock that his own, by now leaking arousal, hadn’t been on his agenda at all. Pulling his fingers out, he used the leftover lube in his palm to give his hard length an experimental tug and immediately decided to leave it at one. Reassuring himself, he recalled the last time he had them both tested after a potentially toxic case. Good.
In his haze, John barely managed to roll to his side and press against the sleepy consulting detective. He felt one arm coming to rest around his waist
John turned around facing Sherlock’s now intense gaze. “In here?” He asked, irritation making his brows rise.
Well, that's it. The 3000 word One Shot I had planned. Hope you liked it. It's still unbetaed as hell.
“I wanted you for myself, this time.” Mrs. Hudson smiled when John saw scones and jam on her kitchen table. Not a even a minute earlier she had called him down, using his full name which meant that it would be wise if he was fast.
In contrast to the annoyed muttering he had expected, John entered the kitchen only to find another set breakfast table.
Doubt was something he’d gotten used to. He had doubts about his future, his feelings and sometimes he even doubted his past. In his weakest moments, there was nothing he was certain of, except one thing. He
“Nothing important. Just this…” He said, rummaging through his coat pockets until he found a crinkled letter and held it up. “It’s apparently Howard Phillips’ last letter to his wife. I wanted to hand it to her but the nurses said she still isn’t stable enough to be confronted with his delusions. I thought you’d be interested.” In a flash, Sherlock held the letter in his hands and began to tear it open.
“There's nothing wrong with you. Yes, you are missing something but I won’t tell you. You have to find out for yourself.” His voice is a low rumble, certain but kind. It makes John’s frustration even more pressing and the blood pound in his veins. Anger surges through him and burns in his cheeks.
Upon opening the door to their parlor every thought was forgotten as a strong wave of arousal surged through his body. There was a heavenly smell in the air that reminded him of summer nights and Sherlock. He felt his cock harden and press insistently against his pajama pants. John took another whiff of that seductive scent and groaned with lust.
“Looking back, I realize we felt the same way. When you touched my neck, John… It hurt even more.“ At that the doctor squeezed his hand prompting him to turn away from the scene and revert to Baker Street. Standing only a few inches apart, their eyes locked.
John should have suspected from the beginning when he saw the slight scratch on Sherlock’s thigh that looked so very infected but looking back probably wasn’t. He had just assumed that Sherlock was lying to him about the age of the injury. One more thing they didn’t talk about. What did it matter? But then the changes began and somehow John managed to remain oblivious while, at the same time, taking notes of the strange things that were about to happen.
He felt a third finger probing at his entrance while the other two still moved inside him. However John did that was beyond him but he couldn’t care less.
They stood there for a long while, both of them processing what just happened, before Sherlock turned in John’s embrace and hugged him tight to his chest.
John crouched backwards until he was positioned over Sherlock’s ankles. Placing his hands at the Omega’s hips, he pulled Sherlock up until he knelt in front of him, bracing his weight on his forearms.
Patiently, John watched as he was choosing a new course of action. Naturally, he did. His eyes on Sherlock, the crackling sound of kindling in the fireplace and Mrs. Hudson rummaging around in her kitchen downstairs helped the consulting detective to choose following through with his deductions.
And Sherlock hadn’t even planned it. Hadn’t accounted for a shared partiality for possessive behaviour. The choice of location on his body had, admittedly, been influenced by the position it would make John have to be in. And it had been a delicious torture to suppress his physical reactions to the close proximity of the doctor’s face and touch.
when he’d followed her around for too long. At least that gave him a reason to run for the first time in a week.
“The good thing is, from what I seen, everything seems to be healthy and functional. You can get up and dress now. If it happens again, come to me and we will take a closer look at possible reasons.”
“Oh,  O.K.! That’s… good.” John licked his lips again, obviously unsure what to say next. He slowly started to retreat backwards when Sherlock spoke up next.
According to Beth, they would take the next step in their relationship, soon after. But she was wrong. Annoyingly so. She had told him to wait until he was ready to have his first attempt at gay sex and Sherlock could only assume that that was the reason why John didn’t come on to him. Sherlock had had sex before and it had been with a man each time. One time it even god close to being good. Although, it hadn’t been satisfying, Sherlock had always known that he wasn’t interested in women. He had kissed a woman once, or was kissed by her, and realized that he needed different physical attributes to even want to give sex a try.
Still thinking about the last note, he suddenly recognized a book peeking out of the row on his bookshelf. He took a careful step in its direction. His pulse was racing. He had never seen that book before. He took it from the shelf turning it over in his hand again and again. It was a brand new copy of Twelfth Night by Shakespeare. Relief washed over John when he opened the book to find a white slip of paper between the first pages.
“It’s not enough. I need…” But before he could finish, John was forcefully pushing two fingers into him.
“It’s not about what I want. It’s about what needs to be done.” He couldn’t keep the bitterness from his voice.
Sherlock stepped closer, resting one hand on her shoulder his crisp white shirt stretching over his slim back. Swallowing, John watched the play of muscle before he shook himself out of it.
“0.2 per cent.” He groaned before he collapsed onto the bed and took John with him. Lying on top of Sherlock, John considerately licked the droplets of blood that were leaking from the bite while one word was flashing in his head in bright letters.
He didn’t look up when he heard the front door fall close. Supported by his hands on the worktop, John tried to calm his whirling thoughts. The unnatural silence outside of their flat made it all the harder to fight the panic inside of him.
“Last time we started the massage with me on my back.” He whispered through a careful smile before pulling Sherlock closer by the arm. Their lips still knew what to do. Which was good because all of John's experience with men was of the theoretical kind and he did not know if Sherlock had more to draw from.
“Oh no, John! You have been gone for at least 6 hours. The amount of food you brought only explains one of them.” He stated, stepping into the doctor’s personal space and looking down at him. Nonchalant, John put the bags on the counter.
John wanted to run. He wanted to leave before Sherlock found out what he’d done and they both felt miserable. There was a bigger problem at hand, though. Sherlock’s eyes were still closed and he was still not moving anything else but his mouth. The restless mumbling had set in again and this time John didn’t understand a word for Sherlock had switched to French. He knew John was there.
Sherlock, finally naked, took a few seconds to relish the view and didn’t realize that John was doing the same. He had never seen Sherlock in this state of undress. Especially not with an erection jutting out from his body. John waited for nervousness or fear to tug at his nerves but he noted with satisfaction that seeing Sherlock this aroused just urged his own excitement on.
“Nothing but rumors!” The false exasperation was thick in the amused voice. Sherlock made a face as if considering the truth of these
Steadying the shaft with one hand, John licked over the tip where pre-come had already gathered. Sherlock’s hand found his head again, pushing lightly to encourage him. John hollowed his cheeks and sucked the head into his mouth, eliciting a groan from the Omega. Looking up, he saw that Sherlock was watching him with dark eyes and slightly parted lips. His own erection was throbbing heavily by now. Trying to find some friction, he pressed his groin hard into the mattress below him while he took all of Sherlock as deep in as he could manage. Careful to not choke, he established an easy rhythm, sucking when he pulled off and breathing deep before he took it in again. Sherlock was squirming beneath him and moving his hips in tiny, shy thrusts. John watched him throw his head back in frustration and lifted a brow at him.
“Can we… maybe not stop...this?” Sherlock grumbled still panting. John felt a small pang somewhere in his chest. If he remembered correctly the feeling was quite similar to happiness.
“Your physiotherapist will be here in 5 minutes. You’re going to need some space for the exercises.”
A deep blush appeared on the detective's cheekbones making him look adorably young and giving John his answer in advance, while Sherlock preferred to stare at the candle.
“It’s OK. Don’t worry. I know you’d never do anything like that on purpose.” The DI said, reassuringly placing his hand on John’s shoulder. “I am already used to them and, in fact, I think they changed my life in a very positive way.” Lestrade grinned inwardly.
“OK. That’s enough now!” Sherlock said determinately pushing 2 boxes of biscuits and the can of energy drink to the other end of the table.
“As I for him.” Sherlock conceded. His heart was beating wildly in his chest and made itself known through the forceful throb of his pulse in his fingertips.
John couldn’t help the whimper escaping him. He turned his head slightly to the side and captured Sherlock’s mouth in one quick movement, startling the detective for a second. He buried his hand in Sherlock’s dark curls pulling him impossibly closer while his other hand slowly wandered over the other man's thigh. Eventually, John pulled away catching his breath and resting his forehead against Sherlock’s.
“I had to make sure it would work. I didn’t mean to include you but I had to concentrate on the task at hand.” The anger raised its ugly head again.
“Dr. Watson, we’ve got a client.” The way Sherlock addressed him made clear that he was expected to play along with what was happening down there. As if he wasn’t expecting anything more than a pleasant conversation he walked slowly down the stairs.
The careful touch to his thigh came as a surprise for Sherlock and made him shiver. He had expected John to ask for the colorful tattoo that was now only half hidden by his black pants but the doctor followed the lines of his initials with his index finger instead.
So John had to just sit there and watch Sherlock working himself into frenzy, developing the nervous habit of flexing the muscles in his back when he was especially agitated and appearing to the rest of the world like the madman he was. John was just glad that the Consulting Detective actually remembered to eat every day. And that was something, wasn’t it?
John was stroking himself when he heard Sherlock hovering in the doorway.  His eyes shot open in embarrassment but his hand didn’t even hesitate in its movement.
“God, I hope so.” John mumbled into his shirt as he pulled it over his head and hastily followed Sherlock into his room.
There is a time for running and then there are times where one has to face danger in order to win something of great value.
“Ce n'est pas possible.” Sherlock was pacing up and down a dark alley. He felt the cold rain running down his face. He was soaked. Shivering, he hugged himself against the bone deep iciness that had overcome his body.
Reluctantly, John took a step back and quickly slipped his dressing gown off to hang it loosely over the taller man’s shoulders.
“Of course.” John replied a little too elated, but instead of resuming his thrusts, he rolled them over so he was sitting on top of Sherlock again.
“The blood. It is not a dramatical threat, it’s a bait.” Sherlock explained. “We know there are probably monstrous creatures in the ground and from what I gathered from Sean’s memories, they are attracted to decay. I don’t know what will come up after smelling the blood but I’m sure something will.”
When Sherlock opened the door to Lestrade’s office, the Detective Inspector didn’t even spare his arriving guests a glance. The man sitting on the other side of his desk held all of the DI’s attention even though his posture clearly said that he’d rather be anywhere else in the world.
The pained yell that he elicited from the man’s throat made the crowd behind him wince in unison. He was pulling the dark hair towards him, looking right in the perpetrator’s face.
This time it takes a bit longer and Sherlock is already asking himself if this was it when his phone buzzes again.
Sherlock was just trying to keep his head out of it. And it was easier than he’d expected. Especially after John pulled one of his hands from his body and, entwining their fingers, pushed it into the mattress beside Sherlock’s head. A romantic gesture that was both unnecessary and appreciated. Sherlock didn’t do this with just anyone because he only trusted John to know and care for what it meant to him. He had gotten
Carefully, he stepped over the remains of a designer chair and motioned for Sherlock to follow in close proximity. He didn’t need to look back to know that Greg was right behind them having their back while they stepped further into the half-dark.
Without further explanation, Sherlock grabbed his right arm and pulled him hard down against him and rolled them around. Straddling John’s lap, he took hold of the doctor’s hands and pressed them down onto the mattress at either side of his head.
After hearing the shower being turned on and being sure that Sherlock didn’t pass out from the initial shock of hot water to his system, John had deemed it necessary to get the Detective to eat and rest. Preferably without someone interfering with the, no doubt soon to be, awkward mood that would inevitably lead to an even more awkward evaluation of Sherlock’s self-exploration and John’s snooping/ interruption/ encouragement.
as Moriarty put it so nicely, John had called in a favor and given Bill a golden coin for his troubles.
“Brother, would you be so kind to take a look?” Mycroft asked with a fake smile. Sherlock’s annoyance at still being expected to do the legwork for his pompous git of a brother was obvious.
Behind him he heard the chair creak as Sherlock got up. John held one hand up to stop him from stepping closer. His head hung low as he stared at his feet. “No. You better don’t.” He said forcefully.
“I wanted to bond with you from the moment I knew that it was possible.” Sherlock whispered, his breath tickling the blonde hair on John’s belly.
Deliberately, Sherlock got up and began to undress without breaking eye contact for even a second. His controlled efficient movements were harshly interrupted as John let his left hand glide through the coarse blonde hair on his stomach and drew nearer to his hardening cock.
John shrugged and, sitting up, pushed the blanket aside. “Sure, give me a minute.” He felt like it was his duty to calm Sherlock, make him feel normal and relaxed. Well, as much as that was possible with Sherlock.
“In. Your. Dreams. Who?” Sherlock demanded.  The DI steeled his gaze, looking at him with conviction.
“Martha, go to the ward and prepare a room.” John said urgently while binding the leg underneath the knee with a rubber cord.
Nibbling on one or the other snack, they were sitting in the kitchen trying to come up with a strategy. Occupying two tables, their separation still in place and still not mentioned, the army soldier cleared his throat.
John nodded more to himself than anybody else before he hurriedly climbed on the bed and pulled the duvet up to his chin. Sherlock got up from the bed and, unceremoniously, chucked his coat on the floor before climbing back on the bed and laying down on top of the duvet. John had turned his back on him, almost completely hidden from view, only his blonde hair standing out against the white bed linen. Sherlock’s shoulder pressed against his back was their only point of contact but it was enough to give them a sense of calm none of them had known in a long time.
“Yes!” Although, it wasn’t clear which question Sherlock had answered, John urgently entered the bathroom…
Sherlock felt sick at the sound of his voice remembering the days he’d spent chained to a wall having to endure Moriarty’s moods and insane perception of reality. However, he didn’t dwell on his disgust and instead focused on the fact that John was
The first blow landed right below his left eye. It hurt like hell but Sherlock managed to remain upright. The second punch was worse. This time he was hit in the rips, all the air leaving his lungs in a sudden rush. He was certain he’d heard something crack. Sebastian pulled his hair painfully, dragging Sherlock off the mattress and to the floor to kneel in front of him.
The Consulting Detective’s eyes opened sluggishly as he raised his head to regard John questioningly.
John’s heart was racing, his own pulse loud in his ears. His feet felt glued to the ground where he stood and there was a prickling sensation in his fingertips. It took him a whole minute to respond.
“You probably think I am an idiot.” By the end of the sentence, John realized what he’d just said and to whom. They shared a small smile when Sherlock made a dismissive gesture in response.
Taking a seat on the chair in front of the doctor’s desk, John recited the speech he had been repeating in his head over and over again.
“You got a cover up then.” John stated, pointedly looking out of the window when Sherlock arrived home.
He sighed theatrically. What he wasn’t willing to do for a case of murder. He was only five minutes away from doing it himself, the only thing stopping him was the knowledge that it would be annoyingly easy to solve. And he wasn’t even an inch closer to that damn Prince James.
He leans his forehead against the cool glass and suppresses a frustrated groan. For a while, he'd been able to convince himself that he loved her, but even then he knew deep down that he was only fooling himself. The sex was satisfying but always left him empty and sad afterwards.
John knelt on the wooden floor letting his head hang down and trying to breathe through the pain in his chest. He had taken the first few punches to his stomach with as much dignity as he could muster but the kick to his chest had pushed the air from his lungs and made his eyes water. Moriarty was still yelling at him but John saw no point in answering.
He paced up and down the living room wondering if he should repeat his approach with the exclamation mark. He muttered to himself and the various skulls surrounding him. John knew it would be a failure to act so obvious. More obvious then he had already been acting, anyway. Once in a while he stopped in his tracks to yell at Fortinbras, the one human skull he had left sitting on the mantelpiece. He was worried about the long time that had passed without a note. He worried for his Pilgrim.
That was not what John was getting at but the thumbs rotating underneath his collarbones were beginning to distract him.
As always, it was over after a new pile of coins had formed around his feet. The guard that usually stood in front of his chamber came to feed him. Everything went as usual until it suddenly didn’t.  While chewing his fish pie, Sherlock noticed something sharp and metallic in his mouth. Although he attempted to not show it, the guard knew exactly what had happened. Sherlock already readied himself for a struggle when the guard just winked at him.
People kept asking them how they managed to be so happy that everyone could see it and it always made him cringe inwardly when she looked at him fondly and called it "true love". His chest ached and he forced himself to return her smile with as much affection as he could muster.
This morning wasn’t at all better than the last one. No, it was even worse. John has a hangover of truly epic size, and as if that wouldn’t be enough, he is more than a bit confused over his latest decisions regarding his love life. He slips groaning out of bed, sneaks down the stairs and into the kitchen, where he gathers some bread and jam before fleeing back into his room as silent and fast as possible. He'll need some strength to handle this day and he's still confident to follow through with the rough plan Mike helped him with yesterday.
“John. John, I think it starts.” Sherlock’s deep voice was making John shiver and hot breath tickled the skin of his neck. John was strangely grateful for the shopping bags between them. The Omega was fully naked again.
“I don’t like this plan, Sherlock.” Martha stated for the umpteeth time, hovering cautiously behind him.
“I didn’t just decide, Mr. Holmes. You did it! You brought this upon us. You went to Japan and awoke them!” She accused him, her voice breaking on the sheer intensity of her hatred.
“Hng…” Sherlock was beyond coherent thought for a second. Bearing down by instinct only, he managed to nod in agreement as his hands grabbed the headboard to give him more leverage.
“Mine.” The word emerged in a deep groan from John’s throat as he walked over to the bed. He knelt between Sherlock’s legs, letting his hands slide up and down the inside of his thighs.
Trying to regain his composure, the shorter man pressed hard back into the mattress. He made an obvious effort to suppress his need to press/push/pound up into another gratifying contact. With heaving breath, John finally managed to open his eyes and take a look at his stunning position. Wanting more sensory proof for the realness of the situation, he raised his head and licked over the flushed neck above him. While he still relished their shared presence in this room, this bed and this world in general, Sherlock fixed him with an unreadable gaze. Questioningly, John raised an eyebrow and waited.
“Do you…Do you want me to?” His voice was almost a whisper now, barely audible to Sherlock even at their close proximity.
John tried to process Sherlock’s words but he was feeling as if a train had hit him. He was still staring at Sherlock who appeared to be frozen in place, not moving a muscle and certainly not looking at John. Silence stretched between them as the words started to make their way into the brain of a very confused army doctor.  Within the blink of an eye, John crossed the kitchen to stand behind Sherlock, softly embracing the taller man around his waist and resting his head between his shoulder blades.
John languidly crawled over Sherlock, bending down to press a soft kiss on the plush lips before he crouched down between the Consulting Detective’s legs. His inexperience didn’t stop him from giving Sherlock’s cock an experimental lick.
Resting his chin on John’s head and relishing the feeling of the soft short hair and warm breath on his skin, Sherlock realized that even in his own head he couldn’t say what he’d meant to say for over three years.
In a blur of movement, Sherlock grabbed his coat from the kitchen chair and crossed to the door in two strides, exiting without a look behind
“I want to know what we are getting ourselves into when we enter the ruins. Don't look like that! We are not doing this for fun.” John's own excitement and Sherlock's intrigued face made it hard for him not to grin so he ran to catch up with Greg, Sherlock on his heels.
“At night, when the objective world has slunk back into its cavern and left dreamers to their own, there come inspirations and capabilities impossible at any less magical and quiet hour. No one knows whether or not he is a writer unless he has tried writing at night.”
“It’s not logical. It’s… When I was ill and you took care of me, I saw things. I saw a man with us in the room when you…petted my head…” Sherlock stared down at the floor between them before gathering his thoughts and looking back up, noticing the unimpressed expression on John’s face.
The next day, Sherlock spent in silence and solitude. He had managed to convince his chambermaid to bring him books and tobacco. Every now and then he peered though the key hole of his door but he couldn’t find out when (if) the change of guards happened. He was quite content that he would be able to stand the situation as long as it would take Prince Sebastian to finally give up. Sherlock was determined not to cry whatever he might try.
Sherlock stared angrily at the floor of his hotel room clutching his hair painfully tight in his right fist. He was sitting on an awfully modern leather sofa that was neither comfortable nor cheap. It made Sherlock even angrier. His gaze was still locked on the little pieces of bone that had covered the floor after throwing an annoying, if not hateful skull against the wall.
It took the naked man a few seconds to understand what the gesture meant. Long enough to cause John to blush over his attempt at chivalry but before he could pull his hand away Sherlock took it.
But he wasn’t in the mood for any games or further delays. John had an idea on what was going on and he would get it confirmed or not but he’d get the truth out of Sherlock.
Capturing Sherlock’s lips between his felt way too natural. Supporting his weight with his right arm, John let his left hand card through dark silky curls while tormentingly slow dragging his rigid cock over the pliant body beneath him. Sherlock’s mouth fell open allowing a rumbling moan to escape.
“Lips slightly parted. Moist from repeatedly being licked.” He sighed audibly. “Pupils dilated and blinking ratio decreased to a minimum. Respiration increased by 30 per cent. Increased body heat indicated by minor blush.” He took a deep breath before he touched the face in front of him.
The consulting detective knelt in front of him and let his thumb press into John’s scar before closing his hand over the doctor’s shoulder and pulling him forward for a shy but languid kiss.
Sherlock felt John’s gaze upon his skin as he watched the tentacles move around him. The silk felt cool and smooth against his torso as he tried to turn around. As it had been before, Sherlock couldn’t move. John’s imagination was a heavy weight on his back as he felt his tentacles move to their destined position, holding him fast against the bed. His arms and legs outstretched, his breath hitched at the implication. John didn’t utter a word and Sherlock didn’t need him to. The pressure of the appendixes around his extremities was gentle but decisive when Sherlock felt the second pair caress his upper arms and back. It would have been relaxing had he not known what was still to come. He flexed the muscles in his legs to make John move forward with his explorations. As usual, he could already feel the lowermost tentacle against his thigh. As it idly moved towards his cheeks, Sherlock heard John’s breathing catch. The very tip slid into his crease and began to cautiously press against his entrance. The glossy surface of the pointed limb felt wet and hot and Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from moaning and pressing against it.
Carefully, Sherlock sat up and rubbed his eyes. His hair was a mess, standing in every direction because of John’s treatment.
Sighing, Sherlock stood up and turned off the TV. For once, he was utterly clueless on how to proceed.
“Acid?” Greg whispered enquiringly. The iron hook had been cut off at the same angle it had touched the thing's skin.
“Oh…” Sherlock sighed. “Oh, I…” John nibbled his neck softly but when Sherlock tensed above him he bit hard and possessively, unable to suppress the urge to do so.
“Fuck!” John swore, quietly. He didn’t have the strength to stop his hand from stroking. The close proximity of Sherlock’s lips and breath and tongue and…
John was really bad with stuff like this. Bad in a way that had fucked up every relationship throughout his whole life. And damn, if he wasn’t fucking up horribly right this instant. One moment he had been sitting beside Sherlock on the floor, eavesdropping. And the next he found himself entwining their fingers and whispering into the detective’s ear, actually bleeding encouraging the man’s line of deduction.
ps. Even though this story is finished as it is, I'll probably add another porn chapter because I can and I want to.
And that was exactly how Sherlock found him now. Kneeling on his bed and thrusting three fingers slowly in and out. John was sweating heavily. With half lidded eyes and unsteady breaths he held one hand out towards Sherlock, silently asking him to come closer.
Reluctantly, he pulled out of Sherlock until only the head was still inside. He held it there for long seconds before he plunged back in. A deep, satisfied growl emerged from John’s throat when he felt Sherlock push back in time with his thrust. Remembering the only bit of his medical knowledge that seemed to be important right now, John pressed one hand between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, forcing his head onto the pillow. Emphatically, John pulled out and thrust right in again. Sherlock had turned his face to the side to get enough air. It gave John the opportunity to hear him moan hotly at the first brush against his prostate. The Alpha changed the angle a few millimeters before he pounded into him again but to Sherlock it made all the difference. Screaming incoherently, he fisted his hands into the sheet and tensed to keep his position exactly like that.
“Then don’t! You’ll see soon enough.” The words were muffled by the sofa cushion as Sherlock rolled on his front.
Sherlock froze midway between door and couch table, staring at John as if seeing him for the first time.
He knew the way by heart, had seen every grave on the way a thousand times. He was observing everything he passed because he wasn’t able to face his destination. Not yet.
“No, I couldn’t have.” Sherlock states dryly and rolls onto his side to face John. He puts his hand on the doctor’s chest, feeling the strong heartbeat under his palm.
John’s rhythm faltered, his thrusts turning erratic but growing in force. Sherlock felt heat pool low in his body as John grabbed his hands hard and tensed beneath him.
He took him deep, trying to swirl his tongue around John’s cock and rubbing small circles on his thighs with his thumbs. The tentacles moved lazily on his back. They weren’t even half way extended when one moved past Sherlock’s shoulder blades. John watched nervously as the tip of it squirmed over his lover’s shoulder and brushed the small part of his shaft that was still outside of Sherlock’s mouth. It wound itself gently around his cock but didn’t do anything else then holding it steady. Sherlock’s head moved up and down with confidence when the Consulting Detective looked up to observe how John followed every move of his additional limbs. Slowly, the tentacle around his hard arousal unwound and rewound again.
“The two of us against the rest of the world. As it should be.” Sherlock agreed, giving him a brief kiss before leaning back and opening his door. “Let's go home.”
“Yes, I am. And I want it to stay that way. I am your Alpha. You are my Omega.” John stated confidently, his posture proud to hide his intimidation.
It wasn’t that hard to open his handcuffs with the small silver needle, after Sherlock had managed to get it out of his mouth and into his right hand.
John was still amused about the massive grin that was returning to Sherlock’s face every few minutes since Mycroft had managed to trip and fall onto the chapped cobblestone, landing flat on his face. Greg had helped him up, trying very hard not to join into Sherlock’s laughter as even Martha’s face lit up mischievously.
It started shortly after John had moved in into 221b. He had locked his door and drew the curtains closed before he settled in the middle of his bed and slowly began to unbutton his trousers. A soft sigh escaped him when he first touched his flaccid member. He hadn’t touched himself in two weeks and his cock immediately started to thicken in his hand. Patiently, he began to stroke at an unhurried pace, but the urgency to come was rising in him with every passing second.
“Will you let me take charge? I would feel a bit….more confident, you know?” John spoke quietly, holding Sherlock’s gaze.
“A natural defence mechanism, most likely.” Sherlock stated confidently. “I would have preferred to see it's whole body but I expect that it has no claws or other characteristics of a hunter. Herbivore or its complement in his food chain.” John looked at Greg who was watching the ruin nervously. “If we could only make it come out of it's corner so I could inspect it more closely...” Sherlock wondered absently.
Mimicking the experienced man, Sherlock began to push up into the tightness and delightful friction. With a sigh, John gave him a soft kiss before he raised his body to heighten the pressure he could put in each thrust. With closed eyes and his head hanging low, John upped the pace significantly.
“Yes, more than fine.” John agreed, suddenly in a very different mood than he’d been mere seconds before. Sherlock watched him in fascination. He could almost feel the tension draining from his body and being replaced with a strong feeling of anticipation. For the first time in days there was something like contentedness spreading through him.
Sherlock leans back on his bed. That is certainly much more interesting than he thought it to be. After a few seconds of thinking, he knows that this is going to be a great day.
“OK, guys. That's enough for now. I don't know about you but I don't want to find out what else is hiding in the dark without being prepared for it. Fuck, I don't even know if what we saw was human once. And if it was...” Greg's voice trailed off uncertainly.
“Money, of course. The excitement of our shared work. Also being grateful for you healing my intermittent tremor. I enjoyed spending time with you even though I wouldn’t be able to say why.”
Pressing up and against Sherlock's hard arousal, John felt his cock resting heavily against his pubic bone.
Above him, Sherlock seemed to lose all strength and dropped on top of him while John still shook through his climax.
“What is it? Are you alright?” He asked, scanning her for obvious physical changes. He hadn’t seen her since she’d fallen ill.  He’d meant to look after her during the day but he hadn’t expected her to be up so early in the morning. Apparently, the
Sherlock, taking the mug and leaning back in his uncomfortable office chair, watched with interest as Lestrade scratched his back with one hand while he took a seat on the other side of the wooden dinner table.
“Mine! You. Are. Mine.” Every word was emphasized by a thrust of his hips. Sweat was building on Sherlock’s chest and neck while the Detective’s moans grew louder and louder.
“Hi.” John tries to keep his voice even but doesn’t fully succeed. He is still hidden behind the blue shower curtain which makes it impossible for Sherlock to deduce if he is welcome.
“Idea? I assure you, I know what I'm doing.” Sherlock tilted his head to the side, undoubtedly trying to deduce a reason to hesitate. “Or is there another logical reason to pay someone less qualified.”
The tube was overcrowded and had at least 45 degrees. The people were extremely annoyed and impolite, so when John reached Baker Street Station he was more than happy to abandon it. As he stepped out on the street, the sky was dark and heavy and the air was charged. John inhaled deeply and relished the cool wind that began blowing down the street. Thunder was growling in the distance.
Slowly, gradually, John lost the ability to tell night and day apart. He felt claustrophobic in the purest sense of the word. He'd spent hours imagining the solid steel separating him and the others from the creatures that had taken over his formerly safe reality only to turn it into a crawling, scratching defacement of life.
“What the…?” He blinks a few times at the text to find the fault or typo in it. There is none. There is only one simple order.
John shook his head. “I need to lie down.” As he pushed himself up from his chair, Sherlock pointed at a box of biscuits on the kitchen table. “Mrs. Hudson bought them for you.”
Without waiting for John, Sherlock stomped up the stairs. Furious, he went straight to his bedroom, flinging himself dramatically on the bed even though nobody could see him. He was laying face down on the mattress, hardly able to breathe, but he didn’t care. He wasn’t able to find the strength to turn on his back. He heard John rummaging in the kitchen. Upper cupboard. Fridge. Silverware Drawer. Rustling breadbasket.
When their eyes met, it felt like some kind of spell was broken. Sherlock threw himself on the bed with a manic grin on his face. The bouncing brought John of balance and he fell on his side, lying beside Sherlock. Although his fingers had slipped out of him, John couldn’t muster up the strength to be upset. Sherlock’s happy grin just made him smile in return.
Resting his hand on a claimed thigh, John began to press in. He was fairly certain that Sherlock’s body was not as well prepared for the intrusion as it could have been. Torturously slow and pressing down on the detective’s lithe body to stop him from wriggling, John drove his hips forward. Already biting his lips in effort, he felt the head move past the tight ring of muscles. With a groan, John paused to get used to the fierce sensation and give Sherlock’s body time to adjust. Even if the man in question was not willing to allow his body a break. Still holding him in an iron grip, John made him wait.
He took the dressing gown from the hook at the inside of the door. Luckily, it was the blue, satin one, it wouldn’t feel too irritating on Sherlock’s skin.
The Consulting Detective immediately invaded John’s personal space, leaving no distance between them. John had to strain his neck in order to catch a glimpse of his impression but before he had a chance to relish the slight blush on Sherlock’s face he felt full lips against his own. If he’d ever allowed himself to imagine such a thing as kissing Sherlock Holmes he would have never expected it to be hesitant and soft, innocent even. It felt like a relief, a desperately needed gulp of air after holding ones breath under water. They didn’t touch each other. There was no grabbing or fumbling. No moaning or sighing. Just the gentle press of lips against each other.
John felt the muscles around his cock tightening, the pace Sherlock was setting beginning to falter and turn erratic.
Sherlock was close. His boney knees pressing painfully into John's calves as his rhythm began to falter.
Before the startled man could react, he had already pushed him onto his back and was straddling him.
As he entered the parlour, John almost ran into a cup of tea. Surprised, Sherlock balanced the hot liquid without spilling more than a drop or two.
“Yes!” John confirmed by grabbing Sherlock's lush arse with both hands and pressing his hips forcefully up into erratic thrusts.
The words John is calling out are an incantation to Yog-Sothoth (known as Yob Soddoth to Terry Pratchett readers).
Eavesdropping, Sherlock and John looked at each other. A small smile was playing around the edges of the Consulting Detective's mouth, his excitement as apparent as it was inappropriate.
Greg had managed to follow John up the last few steps and stood gaping beside him. John was actually able to feel Sherlock's inner defeat at the sight of vast nothingness. The ruins formerly known as London lay ahead of them. Grey and shapeless, the remains of Islington weren't recognisable anymore. As if somebody had taken discoveries like electricity and basic architecture and deleted them from existence, their surroundings were so unfamiliar and somehow disturbing that he felt the air stuck in his lungs. Comfortingly, he took Sherlock's hand in his and stroke his thumb over the soft surface of his lover's skin. Seeing the wetness gathering in Greg's eyes, John was at a loss for words.
Now he was able to see the tips of the tentacles lurking out of Sherlock’s back. Inertly, they emerged out of it, squirming right and left. John watched them in fascination before his whole attention was drawn to Sherlock’s mouth barely touching his cock. His eyes closed of their own accord and he couldn’t suppress a hiss at the sudden wet heat around his growing arousal. He felt himself harden further with Sherlock’s cautious suction.
Shaken, John threw his head around and looked at the men's target. The picture Sherlock had sent him affected his heart-rate in a not entirely unpleasant way. John realised what was happening the second he saw that Sherlock had his night vision back on.
He opened the glass door to Sherlock's room without hesitating. The consulting detective had already prepared blankets and massage oil. John took it all in but came up blank.
Nodding, Mrs. Phillips got up and shook John’s hand. “Thank you. If you couldn’t find him…” She said by a way of goodbye. Sherlock’s face twitched in annoyance at the words and John knew that the case wasn’t over at all. As soon as the door fell into its frame the Consulting Detective produced a laptop out of thin air and began typing furiously. John settled for the 3 day old London times and the last box of biscuits, instead.
“Well, the Great Old Ones are mythical creatures that Phillips believed to be real but asleep. Looking back he was obviously wrong, wasn’t he? Anyway, they are said to be very powerful crossings between animals, men, aliens and everything else you can imagine. Not everything at once but always a chimera. Additionally, they exist outside of our time and space. Wrong, too. I found out that Phillips had taken a flight to Shikoku and, going by what I gathered from his various manuscripts, I suspected that he would attempt to sacrifice himself in a ritual to Cthulhu. One of the more famous Great Old Ones. We lost his trace at a water reservoir. At this point, I suppose that Phillips found something before he died and fell into the water. Probably a prehistoric virus that affects the genetic composition and changes important genetic information entirely. Whatever it was he found, it scratched me when I almost fell into a burrow. John managed to pull me up before anything else could happen.” Sherlock concluded dryly.
His moral compass was off the rails. He knew that. But he'd also known that one does not abandon his marriage. Had been so sure of it that he'd made himself overlook Mary's attempted murder and constant arrogance in favor of an unborn child that never existed.
“As if you could stop us without your minions.” Sherlock drawled while pushing his brother aside. John made an apologetic expression but pushed past Mycroft immediately when Sherlock opened the door.
As soon as he had nodded, he felt the singular tentacle retreat from his body and squirm lower. The doctor’s cock pressed against his entrance seconds later, probably supported by the appendix. John watched him wordlessly, his eyes dark with arousal. Sherlock was sure that he offered a similar sight. He was panting open-mouthed, sweat was running down his temples and he already missed the feeling of something moving inside his body. A small whimper escaped him when he felt the insistent press of John’s glans against his already loosened ring of muscles.
Greg watched Mycroft struggle with the idea of propping Sean up to support his fragile stand but obviously wasn't able to make himself go through the motions. Greg wasn't keen on touching the strange mutant, either.
“God.” John moaned as he slowed down again. He felt abandoned in time. Somewhere outside of this room the world was turning into a madhouse. It would take years for mankind to get used to their new biology but right there and then John didn’t waste a thought on the rest of creation. He considered this moment the height of perfection. Sherlock upon him. Around him. Here with him. This was what he had been waiting for all his life without even knowing for the better part of it. He felt Sherlock lean back into the strong hold of the tentacles. It gave John's thrusts the possibility to go even deeper. The Consulting Detective wiggled his hips here and there until he found the position he’d been looking for.
“Isn’t that what your father always said when he abused you? Milksop?” The p in the end rang out with a popping sound. He grinned sardonically at his opponent.
He dragged his nails over Sherlock's side leaving scratch marks that stood out harshly against the milky skin.
In the week since waking up from the artificial coma, John had felt the memories from his dream dissolve and deform in the back of his mind.
“Yog-Sothoth knows the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the gate. Yog-Sothoth is the key and guardian of the gate. Past, present, future, all are one in Yog-Sothoth. He knows where the Old Ones broke through of old, and where They shall break through again.”
The enticing glide of Sherlock’s lips against his coupled with the feeling of the desired skin, naked under his hands were affecting John more with every passing second. He quickly reverted to Sherlock’s neck where he licked and bit and for some seconds just breathed. John felt himself gradually grow hard against the consulting detective’s thigh. The knowledge of his arousal pressing against the mark he’d left on Sherlock (
Who would take Yorick, replace him a few days later with a lot of brothers and sisters, and leave a note for him that would lead him think about….doubt?
The flight back was spent sleeping and trying to ignore the tremendous tantrum the detective was throwing after not even having found “a decayed finger”. Throughout their 15 hours of flying including two stops, one in Tokyo and one somewhere called Doua, John kept quiet and friendly with Sherlock, not punching him once, which cost him an immense amount of self control. Of him and everyone else on the plane.  Just before the plane initiated the landing maneuver at Heathrow, John noticed the tiny crevice in the Detective’s tight Jeans and a cab ride later John decided that he had to check on that to actually be able to get some sleep.
John let his right hand wander over Sherlock’s bare torso, marveling at the paleness of his skin. Purposefully, he slid one finger down to the crease of Sherlock’s arse, pushing Sherlock’s own hand aside.  Wetness and an impossible heat were engulfing him all of a sudden. John pulled the finger back and could smell the scent that had hit him upon entering the parlor. Curiously, he licked his finger.
The hand in his hair tightened when he used his nimble fingers to press against John’s perineum. Research really did always help.
“Yes.” John agreed to the situation as a whole. The detective raised his arms to firmly push them against the wall, giving John more leverage.
It was well after dark when Sherlock arrived at 221b. Deliberately slow, he made his way up the stairs. He could already hear the TV, drowning out whatever thoughts John might have had at the moment.  At first Sherlock didn’t see him anywhere but he knew that John was somewhere in the room. Even though John sometimes forgot to turn the TV off, as it happened so often lately, Sherlock just knew that John was close by. He hung his coat on the hook and, sitting down on the coffee table, pulled off his shoes and socks. The only source of light in the room was the changing TV picture which blinded Sherlock somewhat.
John’s head fell back against the bed when Sherlock rolled off of him. For a few seconds they just lay there while their breaths got back to normal.
Apparently satisfied, John let his hands wander up and down Sherlock’s legs, obviously planning his next attack on the tempting body.
“Will you spend my heat with me?” There was only one logical answer to Sherlock’s furrowed brows, tight lips and slightly trembling voice.
Writing the note for John took him 15 minutes and three attempts. When he was done, he folded it neatly in half and let his fingers slide over it.
He found the best spot already occupied by an unassuming middle-aged man in worn clothes who was sitting at a table for two in the right corner. Without hesitation he strode forwards and took hold of the remaining chair. Remembering that some might consider it rude to just sit down he looked into the irritated face on the other side of the table before he said: “May I.” It wasn’t a question.
He had never asked Harry about the catalyst for her alcohol addiction, but he was relatively certain that she hadn’t been as lucky as him regarding their foster families. John felt an uproar of protectiveness every time he thought about all the things that might have happened to her. A sour feeling in his guts that latched out now and then to send hot pressure surging through his veins, and that could only be calmed with many deep breaths and strong tea.
“My brother will be here in five minutes. The Helicopter has four places left. Go and get Mrs. Hudson.” He ordered looking at John with an indefinable expression on his face. John nodded at him and moved to the door but came to stand just before the threshold.
Sherlock knew he had no chance to further delude the thug after he’d gotten a first glimpse at his face. When he heard the heavy footsteps drawing closer to the door he leant forward, resting one hand on his left knee and waving the other in the air, muttering unintelligibly to himself.
The Omega was completely blissed out, he didn’t move a muscle when John tried to lift him from his lap only to be reminded of his new biology. The movement had renewed the pressure on his knot and he held Sherlock close to his chest as his second climax hit.
"You were merely acting like a human being. OK... yes, you have a point. I know it wasn't easy for you but I would be thankful if you could just keep that up for another 11 minutes and 24 seconds." He pulled out the chair besides him from under the table and looked at Sherlock expectantly.
The doctor picked up pace. His movements turning harder and more abrupt in strength and depth. He made the tentacles tighten even more on Sherlock’s body and one wind around the Detective’s cock where it formed a tight tunnel. The doctor, too, began to pant now.
“Oh fuck. Oh….Sherlock!” He can feel Sherlocks bottom resting on his thighs and marvels in the fact that he is fully engorged in brilliant consulting detective.
.” Eyes scanning the ground, the consulting detective began to search for the mark while John watched him, not knowing what he was supposed to do if Sherlock found it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but began to talk none the less. “What do you think is happening out there and in here?”
“Would you like to make that happen, Sherlock? Erm…Now, I mean.” The doctor still fought to calm his heartbeat when Sherlock took hold of his hand and pulled him out of his chair, leading him toward his bedroom. He stopped dead. Still holding John’s hand, he turned around to look at him.
After waiting for any sign of movement behind Sherlock’s closed door, John decided to place the list on the living room floor in front of the Omega’s room and go upstairs. It was already late at night and though John didn’t expect to find any sleep soon, he would just lie down and think about what he’d just read.
He was not one to dwell on the softer emotions but, as Sherlock liked to point out, he was a romantic man.
Without further ado, John pushed his index finger through the loosened ring of muscles until it slipped fully inside the tight opening. Sherlock’s breath quickened marginally while the hand on his cock slowed down.
“Beautiful.” He whispered onto the pale skin. John positioned his cock at the crease of Sherlock’s arse, rubbing it against the slickness between the luxury globes. The Omega pushed back against him with a frustrated groan.
If John thought, the upper body had been relaxing, the thigh prove to be the opposite. Sherlock’s formerly systematic movements became careful, insecure even. And it didn't help that John had to concentrate on his earlier anger to suppress unwanted physical reactions. He'd always been sensitive at his inner thighs but this he hadn't expected. And looking down his body didn't help, either.
Or maybe, just maybe, he was right to feel as if being granted a full discharge from a potential death sentence.
Agreeing, John got up and went to stand in the middle of the room. Expectantly, he motioned for Sherlock to go over to the desk. “Take of your shirt and bend over.”
“S’pose we’re not gonna find another view like that.” Sean said, looking around at the corrupted buildings and ruptured streets.
Nothing Happened. The man jumped up holding on to the pole for balance while he tried and failed to grab the lantern. John cringed watching his attempts to remove his hand from the alien surface. His friend arrived, pulling on his arm while taking care not to touch the thing himself.
John has his back turned to him, standing under the jet of hot water. He doesn’t turn towards Sherlock and in spite of his unsteady breathing, he continues through his washing routine. Sherlock doesn't worry about it. He can handle John’s excitement. It even serves his purpose.
“Moran.” Sherlock corrected. “Would that be something you want?” He asked, already at the door and slipping into his coat.
“It’s your choice, John. Do you want to come down my throat or have me riding you?” John is unable to respond while his mind supplies vivid pictures of both opportunities.
“I suppose when he tended to my wound he somehow shared into my… evolution. I am very sure he has gained mental abilities instead of physical traits. I gained both, apparently. What about you? I didn’t get the impression that your mental abilities are any more impressing as they were before.”
Gently, he kissed John’s temple as he noticed the first signs of orgasm in the doctor’s movements. The feeling of John’s shaft as it thickened inside of him and the faltering breath against his neck drawing his attention to the way sweaty skin rubbed over his own cock.
Sherlock moved quickly to his right side before Greg started to cross the distance in a zigzag pattern and came to a halt at the other side of the entrance. They had no choice but to take a look if they didn't want their short visit to be a complete waste of time. With a decisive nod John pushed himself up the wall before he pulled the gun from the back of his jeans and took a careful step into the doorway.
Letting admiration show on his face but not commenting on the correct deduction, the blogger returned to his work.
The movement around his sensitive length made John blissfully aware of the trust that existed so natural between them by now. If it was during one of their adventures or in an intimate situation like this, there was no doubt about the deep connection they shared. How far they'd come.
Sherlock fully expects John to have come to the wrong conclusion and considers leaving hints for him. He can only assume what might happen if John doesn’t make up his mind on his own. Trust issues. Fear of being manipulated. Both a bit not good. Nothing would be less futile for their future than John thinking Sherlock was trying to brainwash him into...whatever would come out of it.
Why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make of me. You would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would pluck out the heart of my mystery; you would sound me from my lowest note to the top of my compass; and there is much music, excellent voice, in this little organ, yet cannot you make it speak. 'Sblood, do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe? Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, you cannot play upon me.
Still, John knew that it was Sherlock on the other side of the door and this had nothing to do with his own attraction towards the prince. Now he regretted teasing Sherlock and not telling him from the start that he was the one who’d helped him. He’d just wanted to get to know him a bit better. And it wasn’t as if he’d recognized Sherlock when he took the seat beside him. How could he? They met for the first time. Although it only took a few seconds for Sherlock’s striking features to really sink in and wake the memory of Bill’s description of the caged Prince before John’s heart began to beat faster.
Sherlock took a step backwards, regarding John from head to toe. A small smile appeared on his face as he moved to the side and walked towards his room.
With his eyes closed, he began imagining a tall, pale woman eagerly licking the tip of his cock. Her dark curls were falling over her lust-clouded grey eyes.
John stood in the middle of the room looking at Sherlock in awe. So beautiful. His Consulting Detective. He wanted to be what Sherlock deserved but he couldn’t be sure that he was capable. This would be Sherlock’s first time and he would make it a wonderful one if he could.
“You're absolutely right.” He had a hard time getting a grip on his arousal as he let himself be pulled up from the couch.
of March, 3 days after their trip to Japan, John found himself in Sherlock’s room. The Detective was lying curled up in the middle of his ridiculously large bed, his head pushed back with sweat running down his chest before oozing into the sheets, dressing gown pants sticky and rumpled. The doctor regarded the feverish body, considering his weight and the clarity of bones underneath the flushed skin. Sherlock groaned in his sleep, discomfort showing on his face. A few hours before, John had already taken his temperature but doing it again was a very tempting idea at the sight of a suffering Consulting Detective. At first, he had thought that Sherlock was exaggerating, still frustrated by visiting Shikoku to no avail. But when the genius had stopped complaining and slept the better part of the day, John remembered the incision. And if he was honest with himself, john didn’t feel very well either but his own indisposition blurred in the face of the Detective’s ailment. Sherlock didn’t even wake up when the doctor pushed the dressing gown aside to take a look at the wound.  There were no signs of blood poisoning. The skin around it was looking healthy, almost more so then the rest of Sherlock’s thigh. So John just dragged him into a sitting position and slowly managed to move him over to his room. Every now and then, the Doctor sat at Sherlock’s bedside and took his pulse or instilled some water into him. This time, he had only come out of a sense of
“What the hell did just happen?” John asked turning his back at the Consulting Detective. “What, in the world, just HAPPENED?” He yelled, not daring to face Sherlock out of fear that he’d not be able to keep his anger and disappointed bottled up.
John could feel the frustration getting passed on to him intensely through their bond. It made the hair in his neck stand on end and his guts tighten. Probably not even a cup of tea could drain the tension out of him but he tried, anyway, although the task held a bit more difficulty with Sherlock stomping awkwardly around the kitchen table.
The only exception to the otherwise forsaken cities were hospitals and churches, although in many cases there was no immediate distinction between the two. Suddenly having found their faith, hundreds of people huddled in churches and ended up tending to each other during the painful time of transformation. Hospitals had closed down due to an overload of capacity on the first day. Many people stayed at home without the luxury of having someone tending to them. In the following days, most of them would be found dead or delirious in their bathrooms, under kitchen tables, on sofas or in their beds.
“Oh, that’s very helpful and so mature.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. The doctor didn’t reply, throwing him an angry look. “Interesting. You seem to be more affectionate when you are asleep.”
“Come back to me, Sherlock!” John said worriedly before pressing a hesitant kiss onto the madman’s temple.
In the following week, John visited five different urologists. Two of them immediately dismissed his worries as imagined. The other three were a disappointing replay of his visit at Doctor Rosen’s practice. The bulge never showed.
“John…” She put her hand on his and gave him an emphatic look. “That Mary business. It's horrible. I know how you must be feeling. My husband wasn't…”
The streets where even more deserted when Sherlock made his way home. He was in no hurry to arrive, already fearing John’s tumbling thoughts echoing through the thin walls but he knew that they’d have to talk eventually. He’d actually expected John to find out for himself what was happening inside their small flat. The changes were so very obvious to Sherlock and with John’s lingering glances on his back and their shared dreams he had assumed that they were just keeping quiet about the whole thing but he had severely underestimated John’s ability to ignore what he didn’t want to see.
The lanky man took one controlled step forward, letting the bag with their food drop unceremoniously on the table. Another second or two passed before John had to fight his defense instincts when Sherlock almost jumped him in one sudden explosion of movement.
Within a second, Greg was behind him pointing the torch where John was looking. His fast breath was giving away that he hadn't expected to be send in by Sherlock.
“Piss off!” It was everything Sherlock could reply. Prince James repelled him like nobody else had ever done.
“What is it? Are you such a wimp that you can’t even take a few insults?” Sherlock was holding his sole attention as the suspect took a step towards him and, therefore, away from John.
John tried to be fast but silent. Fortunately, he didn’t wear socks or shoes. It wasn’t the first time that little habit of his came in handy. Frantically, he produced his gun kit from under his bed side table and made sure the firearm was serviceable. Stuffing the gun into the back of his trousers and adjusting his jumper so it wouldn’t show, he took a deep breath and waited for Sherlock’s call.
“The physiotherapist will be here at 2. I scheduled the massage for five pm. Is that ok?” Sherlock interrupted his thoughts.
If Sherlock hadn’t been so caught up in his own desire to come, he would have basked in pride, being the one that had done this to John. But as it was, it just felt like the permission to finally let go. He took a stronger hold of John’s hips and thrust up into him. Violently and in a punishing pace he neared his own climax. John was splayed out over him, seemingly blissed out, and Sherlock definitely did not expect him to, voluntarily, clench around him. He came with a shout, burying himself deep in John’s body.
“Father, I am begging you. I promise, I won’t spend all my life alone but please, please, don’t wed me just yet!” He looked up through his lashes with his saddest look plastered over his face. “Please, beloved father!”
John wasn’t able to focus. He felt guilty although he assumed Sherlock had a point. He should definitely call Lestrade and ask if there was anything he could do for him.
“I can't wait to be in bed.” John drawled in exhaustion. The hallway seemed to be much longer than a few hours ago.
The first thing John noticed was the smell of Chinese food that made his stomach rumble. Then, several seconds later, he could feel Sherlock blink against his collar bone. His long lashes catching in the soft hair covering his chest.
John Watson had always deemed himself an average guy. The two of his attributes that weren’t common, were his height and his admittedly strong taste for danger. And because of his self-perception most people saw exactly that. Except for Sherlock, of course. John wasn’t quite sure what the Consulting Detective knew about him that he himself didn’t, but he had no doubt that it was something of value for his work or (hopefully) his sanity.
The weight that had pressed against his lower back and arse was lifted hesitantly as he felt Sherlock move off of him.
He felt one hand on his back before he saw John shifting his gaze between his legs again. The tentacle that had been lightly touching him seemed to harden now, its surface becoming blunter but still yielding like something alive. The narrow end of it wound itself around his cock and even though it didn’t move it gave him the drag he desperately needed right now. John’s hand slowly descended downwards over his buttock and thigh.
Sherlock was still panting but looking up at him in wonder. John tried to kiss the expression away but when he opened his eyes again, Sherlock still looked astounded. Smiling, John cocked a questioning brow.
John watched two men cautiously nearing the illuminated area. They took turns taking the lead by stopping behind everything that could possibly shield them on the way. Both appeared to have evolved differently. The bulky back of one an odd counterpoint to the other's locust-like limbs. John felt a finger brush the back of his hand.
It was very difficult to sustain an erection under these circumstances. John pictured a few of his best experiences in a huge mix, adding a few isolated features like long legs and soft pale skin while he tugged uncomfortably on his cock. Just in time for the doctor’s return, he felt his prick swell under his ministration. And he already knew what he would see. Nothing. There was no bump. Not even a slight bulge.
John stepped in the parlor, his arms full of groceries, when he was forcefully pushed back against the wall. Sherlock pressed his whole body against him, whispering desperately.
John hadn’t exactly planned to visit Sherlock. A rather frustrating combination of a strange woman in his bed (who called herself his wife) and a strong homesickness for 221b had had him practically fleeing from his flat and wandering the streets at 6 a.m. on a Sunday.
Suppose there is an epiloge in order. Hope you liked the porn with feelings. More Tattoo!lock ahead. If you spot mistakes (and I am sure you will) let me know.
Just as he came to the conclusion that he would horribly embarrass himself if he gave into his body’s need, John opened his eyes.
John didn’t understand it all. He didn’t know what an Omega was. There was no description of his so called Other Half, only that its smell would clearly mark it. The book said that if an Alpha, let’s call him John, gets exposed to an Omega’s scent over a long time, he would begin to feel tense, protective and, finally, aroused most of the time. The biological response would only show if the Alpha engaged in sexual activities with said Other Half. Then, a so-called knot would form at the root of his penis which would later ensure that the connection to the, hopefully fertile, Omega was held up long enough to ensure impregnation.
Forcing himself to smile, Sherlock sat down, noticing how close the chairs were positioned to each other.
“Just send him a gift hamper if you don’t receive one of him first.” Sherlock drawled. He was still bending over so John couldn’t see his face. He wasn’t sure if he was being serious but considering his usual attitude, he probably was.
“I needed a tattoo, so I would get an appointment and with it the proof that the suspect was indeed the serial robber. I had you tattoo my thigh. You finished and I realized I rather liked your name on my skin. You went to bed and I took the equipment to my room. I still needed a tattoo to cover. So I put one on my hip. Unfortunately that weak excuse for a criminal wasn’t able to make it through more than one interrogation before confessing every thing since age 3. But now I had the tattoo. So…” He concluded in annoyance, raising his eyebrows in a here-we-are expression.
As she lay between the Nodding Suns enjoying the warm sunshine on her skin, somebody cleared his throat a few meters away. Reluctantly, she opened her eyes and pried into the shadows of the surrounding forest. There, right below a cherry tree stood a good-looking man wearing a half-smirk and looking directly at her. Even though she was intrigued by his pleasant appearance she immediately sat up and gave him a stern look. He excused himself for interrupting whatever she had done and asked if he could join her. Conversation came natural to them. His eyes were gentle and full of humor. Before she knew what was happening she began to plan a future with him but while the love of her life appeared, her gift vanished in the exact same second.
Just as he made to stand up to follow Sherlock into the shower, the world shifted beneath him in a most awkward way and he sat back hard. This time the shaking was closer to an actual earthquake and john tried to remember how much time had passed since the earlier one. He heard their mugs and plates clink in the cabinets before a distinctive
John was still amazed by the homeless girl that played his melody and hoped that she was also an opportunity to deepen the contact with The Pilgrim. He knew exactly what to do if he got to see her again. He took out 20 quid and a pen before writing another one of his favorite Shakespearean quotes neatly in one corner of the banknote. He waited for the ink to dry before he tucked the money back into his wallet.
John withdrew the gun and looked at it, contemplating what had just happened. He could clearly see it and he was sure seconds ago he wouldn’t have seen anything at all but would have been able to feel its weight in his hand at the same time. He put it on the mantel piece, letting his hand rest on it while collecting his thoughts. It wasn’t even midday and John was already feed up with that day as a whole. His stomach was growling, his head spinning and the urge to kick Sherlock was almost surreal in its intensity. He wasn’t sure how much of it was conveyed to his flat mate but it was obviously enough to have him shifting uncomfortably in his seat now.
He kissed up the tall man's throat, trying very hard not to lose himself to the pleasure that was beginning to build in the depth of his being.
“It’s not fully healed.” The detective replied in a hushed tone before he added ”But it’s soon going to be.” which earned him a fond smile. He felt the slight touch against his skin shift upwards. His breath faltered when a brush of knuckles against his scrotum was accompanied by a shy kiss on his collarbone only to leave him in a rush when John dropped to his knees in front of him.
Sherlock was loud on purpose when he took the seventeen stairs up to their flat. Clearly, John had wanted to prepare something requiring the requested hour. Sherlock just hoped that it didn’t include John moving out, needing one hour to gather his belongings. He stopped in front of the living room door, uncertain if he should knock or just step in. He knocked once and opened the door while calling John’s name.
He broke the moment the car pulled up in front of 221B. Sherlock was just about to open the door and hurry out when John gripped his hand harder and made him stop mid-motion. With a smile, he bend over and pressed their lips together, just to see if they still fit.
“John.” Sherlock’s quiet voice shook him out of his trance. He blinked his eyes open and saw the Consulting Detective looking at him with wide, surprised eyes.
“It’s the scent, John. It’s all over this flat.” Sherlock was standing in the doorway of the living room, his dark coat heavy with rain. A puddle of water had already formed at his feet.
Weeks went by without John asking Sherlock for help. Not that he didn’t wank. No. He was fairly certain that he was onto the best way to destroy every last brain cell with his abnormal frequency. He just hadn't found the bravery to approach Sherlock with his hard cock in one hand and his mind in the gutter.
“We definitely have to do some experiments on that.” He muttered to himself. Rolling his eyes, John decided to take a shower as well. He was sure that Sherlock had already forgotten about him. He knew he should have been offended but he was so used to Sherlock’s behavior that he found he didn’t mind one bit.
“Well, it’s been a trying day.” With that he left as if they had been watching TV all night. Sherlock sat on the coffee table in midst the remains of at least 4 meals and some of Phillips’ notebooks. Dumbstruck, he stared at the door John had left open when he’d gone upstairs. Was he expected to follow his flat mate upstairs? Had he missed something? Was it just John’s way of fleeing the situation? How could John get a hang of controlling his thoughts at exactly the wrong moment?
That was better. Lying on his stomach, John didn't have to worry about embarrassing himself and managed to enjoy the warmth spreading through his back and shoulders. The nimble fingers manipulating his muscles were as skilled as Sherlock had promised. Above all, his lower back had needed attention. Of course, the massage wasn't actually meant to relax but nonetheless it did.
“Yes, I was… trying to remember what I planned to tell you on the tarmac.” He answered, suddenly back in reality.
Seeking relief, Sherlock gradually picked up a faster pace. He moaned when he felt John’s knot press against his entrance. It felt too big but Sherlock wanted it inside of him, none the less. He twined his arms around John’s neck.
They were almost finished when the doorbell rang again. John opened the door to see Lestrade, looking like he had been running all the way from Scotland Yard.
Sherlock rolled flat onto his front, stretching his now free arms. His breathing was fast but his body seemed to be in a state of total relaxation. John knelt over him, trapping his Omega’s body between strong legs. He let his hands deliberately wander down over Sherlock’s back and sides, marveling at the feeling of smoothness under his fingertips.
He took a deep breath and gently, oh so gently, pushed into Sherlock. The tight heat that engulfed him suddenly was even more intensive than he had expected. Sherlock was laying very still trying to get used to the sensation. He opened his eyes and met John’s.
Picking up a faster pace, he thrust into the confining heat with more force than he intended to but there was no complaint coming from below him. John was moving viciously, feeling the need to push deeper and deeper while he used both hands to steady Sherlock’s hips.
When he opened his eyes, John was alone in his room. Exhausted and ashamed, he rolled on his side and fell asleep.
There were almost 40 people drinking and chatting in the almost tropical main room. Sherlock immediately regretted taking the heaviest coat available. He hated feeling all hot and sweaty but in this situation there was no helping it. While he walked through the room, seemingly purposeful and familiar with his surroundings, he looked for the best place to unobtrusively observe everything and be almost invisible himself.
“John?” There was irritation and something else. (That John was clearly mistaking for arousal, because of the sudden hoarseness of Sherlock’s voice.)
Sherlock's cheekbones coloured even more. From a soft exhilarated rosé to a full blown scarlet as his tongue flicked over the plush lips. John watched it all. Watched as the heated gaze was dragged upwards with noticeable effort.
Every time his hands moved an inch higher, Sherlock looked up at him as if asking for permission. John was breathing in a shallow regular rhythm, trying his best to remain calm but soon felt his body give way to the sensations. A calculating expression appeared on Sherlock's face as he closed his hands hard around John's legs, using the same technique he'd used on the sides of his upper body. It hurt minimally but his muscles felt a bit better afterwards. It did nothing to diminish John's physical inhibition, though. Quite the contrary.
John looked at the exposed flesh taking up most of his field of vision and, pressing his left hand against his initials on Sherlock’s skin, he used his right to prod at the fresh tattoo beneath Sherlock’s hip bone which was covered with so called ‘second skin’.
John stood in the pouring rain, looking up at the dark clouds and waiting for the next lightning. He was already soaked through and felt the water running down his chest and back but the rain was lukewarm and a welcome change to the earlier heat. There was a new flash of light, loud thunder rumbled through the sky. John could feel it in his body and his heart was racing with excitement.
It was earth shattering.  John lay trembling on his back, seeing hearing and thinking nothing at all. His whole body tingling with the sensation of want…
Not the safest of guesses but John and Greg had agreed that there was no other possibility than to take the risk.
With a huge amount of effort, they pulled hard. John felt whatever it was slip from the man's leg and for an instant he thought they had pulled strong enough to throw the man over their heads because he felt the shoulders he'd held on to glide upwards. Letting his arms fall to the ground he turned onto his back and watched an imposing pair of wings flap higher and higher. With his mouth open, John blinked a few times to clear his eyes from the fresh sweat that lay heavy on his lashes.
Under the shower, John made a mental list of the things he had surprised himself with. The list was short but rather intense.
Greg had been waiting anxiously for the couples return. The minute he heard the automatic lock he jumped up from his seat and ran to the entrance only to find a complete stranger limping through the door. He made to pull his gun, baffled that Mycroft opened the door for an incalculable thread, but he didn't carry it in the bunker and the second after he'd realized he already saw Sherlock coming in with John behind him guarding their back.
For long seconds, Sherlock just analysed the sincere expression and seemingly determined posture of the man on the other side of the room. Finally coming to a conclusion, he closed the door behind him and began to unbutton his shirt.
“Fair enough.” John said, shrugging. Sherlock’s posture instantly changed into one of utter relief but his arms were dangling loosely at his sides and he was already starting to shiver in the cold rain.
“Good. Good. I thought you probably…changed with being ill and all that…” John stated in relief while Sherlock weighed the box in his hands.
“It’s beginning again.” He said to no one in particular. Lestrade nodded and took a seat on the floor. John furrowed his brows at him when he felt the first tremor in his feet.
They talked until noon, both avoiding everything that had to do with Sherlock’s upcoming heat but the earlier tension quickly died away. As always, they had no difficulties to talk to each other about everything that came to their minds. From assassination to zoophilia.
A few minutes of nervous waiting later, Sherlock heard John’s steps on the stairs, then crossing the kitchen and, finally, there came a knock on his door.
“Oh, just shut up! Or better still, tell me where you thought you could go with your loot. No one in this kingdom would mistake this jewelry for anyone else’s than my mother’s!” The only answer he got was more screaming. Rolling his eyes, he pressed his knee in the thief’s spine.
He had solved the case, saved John’s life and, better still, his initial fear for John had helped him to react even faster than usual.
The first thing he felt was pure disgust at the unfamiliar consistence of the thing's surface. His repulsion grew when he realised that there wasn't even a real consistence at all. He stared at the coat hanger as it slowly sank into the green scales. Blinking repeatedly didn't change what he was seeing. Worried to be suddenly pulled forward, John decided to draw back instead of just watching the hanger vanish but when he did there was nothing left of what had somewhat been melting into the creature. Beside him, he heard Greg swallow loudly as the both watched small clouds of smoke rising from the sharp end in the coat hangers former middle.
He finally finds the phone and holds it over the one open eye to read the message before both eyes fly open in utter disbelief.
The detective began to squirm uncomfortably before he dipped a finger into the mess on his cock and made an annoyed face. Without further explanation he got up from the bed and vanished in the bathroom. Immediately, John heard the water run in the shower.
“I might try.” Sherlock replied, not even attempting to sound convincing. He lay one hand on John’s shoulder and made to stand in front of him.
“It’s beginning again.” He said to no one in particular. Lestrade nodded and took a seat on the floor. John furrowed his brows at him when he felt the first tremor in his feet.
Now that John was standing in the open door of Sherlock’s bedroom there was no realization that the moment had come, he just pushed the door wide open and stepped into the next chapter of their relationship.
Ah. That’s why it took so long. John obviously needed a bit longer this time to find the bravery. But now Sherlock gets the idea behind it and, grinning inwardly, attempts to stretch the untold rules of John's little game. He takes the picture from a bit further away. He is still cutting it but now there is not only the demanded hipbone in the picture, he also left a hint of his dark pubic hair in the left lower corner. Smiling, he presses send.
Sherlock stood beside his bed. Shirtless but wearing trousers and pants. Both had dressed for this day, for an awkward conversation that would hopefully end up in physical contact of sorts. Sherlock had noticed the second he saw John behind him on the stairs but his flat mate only considered in this very moment that Sherlock was actually wearing more than a dressing gown and pajama bottoms.
The closer they got to the metal door separating them from the gruesome outside world, the louder and more insistent the apparent screaming became. Behind them, Greg and Mycroft entered their part of the corridors, closely followed by Martha and Sean.
“Fine. Very good, indeed, Sherlock. Do you want to know in detail? You know I could tell you, we have been quite busy…”
Waking up with John Watson was, what Sherlock would call, a rather unique sensation. Aside of the fact that it was unusual in itself that Sherlock slept during the day, that was.
He was not one to dwell on the softer emotions but, as Sherlock liked to point out, he was a romantic man.
The water was cool and soothing on his itchy skin. John positioned himself under the spray in a way that made the water run down his body in thick streams, caressing his back and thighs. His thoughts were spinning with confusion and anxiety. He tried to calm down, telling himself that he and Sherlock were both men. Men understood the male urge to achieve satisfaction. John had to believe that even Sherlock would have felt it at least once in his life. It would be enough to get a certain amount of absolution from his flatmate. It had to be.
The heady scent made his cock throb impatiently. He firmly rubbed it against Sherlock’s leg before he put a hand on his Omega’s hip, beckoning him to turn around.
Slowly, John made his way on the bed, kneeling beside Sherlock and taking his hands in his own. He had to say something first.
“John?” The grave was in the far right corner of the meadow 'marked’ with what seemed to be a pebble.
“Thank you, Sherlock.” The DI said, watching Sherlock stride from the room. John shook his hand in a friendly gesture and followed his flat mate out the door. A slight tingle made Lestrade rub his palm while he turned back to the suspect. “Address?”
There were coins laying everywhere around him, barely piled up. Sherlock tried to distract himself, counting and estimating their amount. He knew it wasn’t possible but there was nothing else he could do.
It was pretty obvious now, that the night they had taken Sean in, he had been on a suicide mission meant to test or even get rid of the weak ones.
“I am sorry you are bored, Sherlock, but I don’t think there’ll be anything to do for either you or me. The only ones busy at the moment are doctors and nurses.” He drawled but in contrast to his words gestured for Sherlock to follow him back inside.
“Look at me, John!” The doctor drags his gaze away from the point of their connection, noticing the precome that is dripping from Sherlocks neglected arousal. Their eyes meet and Sherlock sinks down on John’s cock. Agonizingly slow, but definitely enough to let John feel the hot tightness that continues to pull him in.
When Sherlock started at the back of his calves, John felt himself gradually drift off. The touches to his skin became a pleasant afterthought as his mind began to wander.
As if being burned, he pulled his hand away. “I don't want to talk about.” What would he tell her, anyway?
But now three months were over and in a few hours the automatic lock would allow them to visit the surface after 92 days of white noise through the radio set and endless days of boredom and sleep.
“I...I don't know what that means. John...” Mrs. Hudson was at a complete loss looking around for help.
“Sean. My name is Sean.” The man pressed out. Only now, Greg noticed the claws at the man's feed. The left clearly broken and almost torn off but he was more worried about the unharmed one and if he wasn't imagining things then what was partly visible above his shoulders were wings. Bleeding huge dark brown wings. One look at Mycroft's unusually obvious amazement told him that he wasn't imagining anything.
Harry found him through the student register at Bart’s when he was 19 and she had been 21. Her already existing addiction only reinforced his decision to join the army. Since the day his parents died and all he managed to do was taking his sister and flee the house, having no power to protect his family, John had felt useless and helpless.
Fortunately, when the door opened they all stumbled backwards. Nobody had expected the door to open of it's own accord. But because of that none of them had to be dug out from underneath the pile of rocks that immediately came tumbling in. When John saw the rays of light through the dust he narrowed his eyes.
Sherlock made a hushing noise at John, looking at their door to remind him that they had an ill landlady in the flat downstairs.
As soon as his knot deflated, John got up to get two bottles of water and some crackers from the kitchen. He was just taking the water out of the fridge when he heard Sherlock stepping into the room.
The background was designed to look like lilac, purple and violet water color splashes but in the middle, adjusted to follow the line of Sherlock’s hip bone, was the chemical structure of...
“I am so happy you are better.” John gave her his best genuine smile and spread the butter on his toast.
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table, his sole focus on a small sample under his microscope when John sneaked up the stairs.
Regaining his composure, Sherlock forced his hands back into action and continued with the next button. His mind was reeling with deductions and taking note of the doctor’s telltale body language while he was desperately trying to appear unaffected himself. John’s eyes followed his every movement as more and more pale skin was revealed.
Slowly, Sherlock drags just the tip of his cock over John’s hard arousal leaving a trace of pre-come on the sensitive flesh. The doctor squeezes his eyes shut and lets out a small whimper.
What if Sherlock refused? Spending the heat with John was practical and the logical way. Spending their life together, on the other hand….
“Shit. How long have you been walking around with that?” He asked accusingly when he saw the angry red and purple around the wound in the artificial light of the torch. He sat on the table bending low over the Detective’s leg.
With his upper body hovering over Sherlock’s and his tummy pressing down on sensitive hardness, John shoved deep into the detective’s tight heat.
As much as Sherlock tried to delay the inevitable, in the end he wasn’t able to help it. He was ticklish and after a few minutes he eventually cried of laughter. Again.
A few seconds later, he felt the mattress dip before two boney knees cradled his thighs and warm oil dripped onto his spine.
John had grabbed the man's shoulders. He knew he was leaving bruises but he was sure that the man wouldn't mind. He felt the sudden give before he heard the loud crack of bones.
Handing John his gun, he slowly turned the rotary control on the metal door while focussing on creating a working illusion. Keeping the gap as narrow as possible, Sherlock cautiously pulled the door inwards while John peered out through the widening opening.
He imagined himself spitting on the meaningless earth in front of him but decided against it. “You picked me up when I was broken. Thinking my best friend was dead. Thinking… That's how normal people lived. But you weren't normal. And I am not either. Obviously. Because I actually tried to forgive you for shooting MY BEST FRIEND!” Tears were running down his face and he took a calming breath as he saw Sherlock lingering only meters away. “This! Yes, this is
John's steps seemed unusually loud on the dirty wooden floor. He felt oddly elated. He knew he probably shouldn't but Sherlock had taught him long ago that he didn't have to feel guilty for his strong taste for danger. He still wasn't able to see further than a meter or two and tried to be as quiet as possible. The rain covered most of the sounds what made it all the harder to be sure that there was nobody or nothing hiding in the darkness around him.
Standing in their parlor with almost no space left between them made John painfully aware of his own dressing state. He was pretty sure that reciprocation was in order but that would have meant to take his eyes off of Sherlock. Something he wasn’t really able to do. So, when he felt lean hands on his shoulders and saw plush lips drawing tentatively closer, every thought about clothing deserted him.
Pulling back with his hips, he felt the firm drag around his length and heard Sherlock moan into his ear. The detective’s hands were holding on to his waist as he pushed in again. Sherlock’s head fell back into the cushion, his feet pressed into John’s thighs as he pulled him closer. When their eyes met, John licked his lips through a laboured breath.
“I was planning to let you fuck my mouth. The feeling of your cock hitting the roof of my mouth would be excellent. I imagine, it would be hard to breath and I might choke a bit while I try to swallow around it. Would you want…” John pushes his groin hard against Sherlocks moving lips and the rest of Sherlock’s sentence gets cut off. John is on edge, the first signs of his orgasm are already pooling along his spine.
Even in his sleep, Sherlock’s hand repeatedly wandered to his groin. John sat on a chair that he had place right beside the couch, where he patiently stopped the Omega from masturbating unconsciously. One hand, though, was constantly cradling Sherlock’s head, playing with the soft curls and massaging the scalp. Every time John interfered with Sherlock’s subconscious attempt on self-pleasure, the Consulting Detective groaned in frustration but he didn’t wake up.
Cautiously, Lestrade walked to the door, taking care to keep a healthy distance to the furious doctor. He just opened his mouth to say something else, when John closed the door with another growl.
John grinned to himself. With precision he let just the tip of his erection glide over Sherlock’s now perceptibly hardening shaft. The movement made both men groan simultaneously before each of them strove to intensify the sensation.
John felt oddly thrown back as he cleaned the table. The same old routine in the same flat with the same people. People who were more of a family to him than any blood relative had ever been.
ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn - In his house at R'lyeh dead Cthulhu waits dreaming.
He knew there were people who actually did things for absolute strangers but Sherlock did not see himself as someone who’d be on the receiving end of such an event without owing someone for it. But he was, wasn’t he?
That night, John was standing in the middle of the living room. All he could remember was his own voice screaming this painful word, the name he would never forget. And blood. God, he needed to talk. But there was no one. As always. But this was not what made John turn around himself in utter disbelief. Yorick. Yorick was gone.
“Aren’t there any leftovers from yesterday?” Sherlock’s voice resounded from the inside of their fridge when John entered the living room.
“I said SHUT UP!” His whole body was trembling now. But Sherlock didn’t worry about it. John was already standing behind him, raising his gun.
John took his left hand away and, seeing bruises form on Sherlock's skin, let his fingers slide around a pale waist to take hold of his lovers lean arousal.
John smirked knowingly before he gestured for Sherlock to join him on the bed. The big mattress could easily accommodate the two of them. Meant as the royal suite, the whole quarter was large and overly comfortable but in the face of apocalypse Mycroft had chosen to safe his brother and his chosen little family over king and country. The former soldier found he didn't mind one bit, especially right now where he was thoroughly enjoying the benefits of being alive and in love.
John looked at the mellow face beside him, a surge of pride tugging at his guts while he thought about being the one that Sherlock had chosen to let into his guarded heart. He doubted that he would ever understand how he had managed to make Sherlock care for him, especially considering how much Sherlock had already given him so freely. All the things he once craved, that he missed to a degree that it made his body revolt, where now available to him just because of Sherlock. Even things that he never knew he needed. Knowing for sure that his fondness was returned, was threatening to overwhelm John but it also induced a new wave of affection inside of him that he just had to act on. Cautiously, John leaned over Sherlock and pressed a lingering kiss against his temple. For long seconds, he reveled in the feeling of soft skin under his lips and the smell of Sherlock’s hair in his nose. John swore to himself that he would do everything he could to enforce their bond. Surprisingly, he realized that there were no boundaries he couldn’t see himself cross. Cuddling up against his flat mate, he let his right arm rest over Sherlock’s heart where he felt it beating against his palm. Instantly, he drifted off again.
“What? Would I have woken up next to you, if I hadn't?” He asked, his voice higher than he had intended.
knows what he is, literally, missing. He doesn’t find any but tries not to worry about it. He's too close to notice every slight change. Lauren is obviously not. The same old argument but much sooner in their relationship. Sherlock listens to them, holed up in John’s bedroom and Sherlock is tempted to go up there and go through their fight in the manner of a theater monologue just so he doesn’t have to listen to the same old arguments again and again. He knows better. Eventually he hears the door close with a violent thump.
There it is. I don't know how I managed to write something like tentacle porn that fluffy but...Here we are!
A wave of relief flooded his body but it was instantly pushed aside by a shudder along his spine as he watched his flatmate fall to his knees beside the bed, staring at his face in astonishment.
John felt the urge to refuse the order but he was glad to have something to occupy him. As he walked over to the counter and glanced back he saw Sherlock taking one of Mrs. Hudson's hands in a compassionate gesture.
Sherlock felt exhilarated by the prospect to see this democratic conglomerate of villages and barn yards that was usually only called the ”Torry”. Never before had he visited a place without gentry at its top.  The Watsons were known for a close relationship to the citizens of their territory and generally considered rooted to the soil. Sherlock wasn’t interested in meeting them, though. He already knew where he’d most likely find this
After his return, Sherlock had at first been relieved to be back to his old life but it had only taken a few days until he had begun to feel restless. Though, he was happy having made it out of his imprisonment, he missed the excitement. His servants were complaining that his moods were even worse than before and tried to avoid him if it wasn’t inevitable to be in his presence.
At one point, John took a seat on the couch beside Sherlock. Somehow it had felt wrong to keep a distance. They were probably the last of their kind. And if John enjoyed Sherlock’s enticing smell, it was just a fortunate coincidence.
“It takes a lot of energy, doesn’t it?” Sherlock asked, leaning back and indicating a hand at all the foot on their coffee table.
Two months in and they look happier than ever. Sherlock can see it by her twitchy fingers and dreamy expression. She will ask John if he wants to move to her place soon. And what then? A life in 221b without John is not imaginable. It’s not worth being called a life. It’s beyond his capability. No. He will stop it. Only, he can’t. John looks at her with that fond expression. Listens to her incessant muttering about a “bitchy” colleague and cuddles up against her during Doctor Who. They meet almost every day, talking about their future and past. Their future is what scares him. His own terrifying right now.
It took John two hours to patch up what was left of Sean's clawed left foot. With luck there would be nothing more than a limp reminding the mutant of that days attack. It was also possible that John would have to take the leg off in a day or two but he hoped that the changed genetics would aid the man's healing process.
Sherlock watched John as he stepped through the door of 221 b and followed soon after. When he entered the living room, John was rummaging in the kitchen, apparently searching for a snack. Sherlock was well aware that he wouldn’t find one and prepared himself for frustrated muttering but when John gave up and turned around, his face was relaxed and he was smiling. Sherlock had left the house in his coat that morning and, though he would never admit it, he felt awfully warm and wanted nothing more than to take a shower. John sat at the kitchen table staring at a point on the wall, still smiling, when Sherlock threw the coat in his armchair and walked into the bathroom.
“Two fingers, John. That’s not enough but I want to feel the head of your cock stretching me and I want to feel the evidence of what we are going to do, for as long as possible.”
The detective starts to kiss down his chest, murmuring into the skin. “John, my John. Wonderful, fascinating John……” He shuffles lower over John’s body, licking around his belly button, occasionally biting lightly or just dragging his teeth over the skin. John’s hipbone seems to be extremely interesting to him for he spends a good  five minutes nibbling and sucking the elatedness until it shows an impressive hickey and the doctor is squirming beneath him, trying to push his groin against Sherlock’s chest in an attempt to get some friction.
“Oh that. No… Well, just these, you see? But from what I saw on TV I am very well off.” She said unbothered, pushing her hair back to reveal two holes where her ears had been, the skin around them smooth and unmarked. Sherlock looked at her calmly nodding in contemplation. John stared at her in amazement. He didn’t know if he’d taken the loss of his ears with such indifference.
“Fuck, yes, I…Christ, that’s..” The rest was drowned out by Sherlock’s thought’s pressing into his head and filling his consciousness.
Before John remembered how to open his eyes, Sherlock lay down on his back with his legs on either side of him, assuming his former position with ease.
The cut was clean and it’s area unbroken. Dissected when it wasn’t moving and probably not even attached anymore.
Stuffing the gun into the back of his trousers and adjusting his jumper so it wouldn’t show, he took a deep breath and waited for Sherlock’s call.
“Tea!” John announced overly cheerful. “Mrs. Hudson.” He put the cuppa in front of her in a big gesture. Sherlock sat beside her by now and nodded at him when he was handed his mug.
“Does it hurt?” He heard himself ask while letting his fingers idly wander over the foreign surface. Sherlock sighed shakily.
No, the tattoo was just a minor event in a bigger pile of occurrences. All these years, John had believed Sherlock’s claims of being above physical needs and emotional attachments but every so often a small piece of that facade did crumble away. Aside of the obvious proof for Sherlock’s ability to
“No. But I read several articles on the topic and I know how your muscles are stressed when you move and that, right now, your legs, back and shoulders are tense and close to cramping.”
“He’s seen far more than any of us.” Sherlock declared, seemingly unfazed by Sean’s ongoing hysteria. “He remained sane until now. He’ll calm down again.”
John shoved all the way in, watching Sherlock’s face to see it contort with pleasure. Smiling, he pulled a bit back before he pushed in harder.
Fighting the urge to laugh at the ridiculousness and biting his lower lip, John looked at his initials between Sherlock’s legs.
“Do it, John. God. Please, I need it.” He whispered hoarsely into the Alphas ear. John gripped his hips even tighter, forcing Sherlock down on his knot. It didn’t pass the tight entrance at first. Sherlock screamed in frustration, scratching his nails over john’s back.
Outside, a hansom cab was noisily passing by as the doctor returned to his chair and waited for Sherlock to begin.
Lestrade looked at him but didn’t ask if he had missed something. There was enough lying ahead of them that he would have to accept as a part of his reality, now.
“John, I’d really like to talk to you about the sentiment that is written all over your face but that will have to wait until I can stop thinking about how to get you to fuck me again.” Sherlock stated casually. A shudder ran down John’s back at the swear word and he felt a familiar stirring in his groin.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at him. He could only assume what was happening here but he was willing to try something, even if it would be a long shot.
London awoke reluctantly from it’s forced cessation. Phillip Anderson was one of the first to make it back outside after everything had fallen quiet. The shoes felt strange on his scalloping feet but he’d managed to press into them on the fifth attempt. Like everyone else, he tried to appear as unchanged to the outside world as possible. Sally Donovan didn’t have that much choice. Her diversification was much more apparent to an outside observer. At first she had loathed them but encouraged by the media reports on certain mutations she decided early on not to hide what was a part of her now. She probably would have been able to hide the small lucent wings on her back beneath a wide jumper but the second pair of arms was definitely too much of a challenge. And frankly, she didn’t see a point. Almost everyone had changed and if they hid beneath clothing they could but cowardice had never been one of her traits.
Sherlock’s eyes are closed and his head thrown back in pleasure and pain. His mouth hangs open letting a soft “Hnnnng.” slip out. All John can do is to grip Sherlock’s hips tightly and hang on for dear life.
“John Watson. Tse, tse, tse. Why did you take an interest in my business? I hadn’t even begun to take over YOUR TERRITORRY!” He yelled angrily.
“John! So close….Please!” Sherlock threw his head back into the pillow pressing their entwined fingers tightly together. John let go of his cock just to bend down and push his belly out so that Sherlock felt every thrust against his throbbing member and got enough of the so desperately needed friction. Now, John finally dared to let go. With Sherlock so close, he started to thrust in earnest pushing in as deep as possible. He felt his climax build just as Sherlock started to clench around him, moaning his name constantly.
Annoyed, Lestrade got up from his chair and crossed the room towards the dark corner where John and Sherlock had taken an observing position. When he had called and told them that he needed help finding a missing child, John hadn’t expected Sherlock to actually be interested but surprisingly the Consulting Detective had merely taken his coat from the hook and said “Coming.”.
A shudder ran down John's back. Instantly he decided he'd seen enough. With another movement of his hand he signalled to go outside.
John was trailing kisses down Sherlock’s neck to his left nipple. He sucked the nub gently into his mouth and slid a finger over his Omega’s flat belly. Goose bumps were blooming all over Sherlock’s lean torso. With his other hand, John pressed Sherlock’s wrists onto the floor over his head.
“Oh.” John remembered a passage in the book saying that 90 percent of male Omegas weren’t fertile. “We are dying out.”
“Fair enough!” The other man leant back in his chair and nodded for Sherlock to sit down. In spite of his obviously sociable personality he didn’t try to drag Sherlock into a conversation about topics that usually bored him to death. They sat in comfortable silence, both watching the other guests of the Inn going about their business what mostly consisted of drinking, talking and ordering more to drink.
He felt as if all control had deserted him, his sole focus on his own pleasure. John had let himself fall forward, barely catching himself with both arms on either side of Sherlocks head. His harsh breath tickled the skin of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder as he leant down and captured the freckled skin between his teeth and came in drawn out pulses between them.
Too opaque to the few observers, it’s middle hid uncountable tendrils of brownish color, whirling and winding restlessly. The cloud spreading it’s shadow wide over the ground before dissolving and spilling it’s contents over the perished city.
John hadn’t answered. In fact, Sherlock hadn’t heard him at all. He could just hope that Moriarty wasn’t yelling at a corpse. Something Sherlock had no problem imagining.
“I am going to ride you, John. I will feel so tight and hot around you. My muscles will clench when I come over you. It’s going to be delicious.” He bites John’s neck and shoulder to emphasize his statement. With a groan John takes hold of Sherlock’s hair and pulls him into a kiss. Their first one, the doctor realizes. Sweet and soft, they let their lips just brush against each other at first but after a few seconds John takes Sherlock's lower lip between his. He sucks lightly and suddenly the kiss turns passionate and hungry. Sherlock licks over John’s upper lip, demanding entrance which is immediately granted. The doctor’s hands wander over his back and pull him down hard. They thrust against each other, panting and moaning with every glide of hard length over hard length.
The climb was exhausting and midway it began to drizzle what made every step even more difficult than the loose earth beneath their feet alone. Greg fought to catch his breath when he suddenly ran into Sherlock. He had been the first one to reach the top edge of the crater they had found themselves in and had stopped in his tracks as if he had forgotten about the others behind him. "So much for stick to the plan." John muttered, pushing past them.
But tonight when Sherlock showed up while Bill didn’t, he thought that Bill had told Sherlock to go looking for him and where to start. He hadn’t though. How Sherlock had managed to find him without knowing who he was looking for was a mystery to John.  But that would have to be solved later. If a Later still existed for them.
He knew he should be worried, but it just felt too good. He felt too desperate. Too on edge to stop from lightly stroking himself. Every few strokes, he pressed the root of his cock and felt that same shiver again. Only it was growing in its intensity by the minute.
John got up and ran to the dark doorway, coming to kneel again just beside the entrance, his back to the wall. Cautiously he peered into the darkness but he still wasn't able to make out any distinctive shapes. The rain was stronger now what made his attempts to listen for movement inside futile.
Stepping out on the street with his shopping bags, John noticed a melancholic and familiar melody. His. The song Sherlock used to play for him when he needed to calm down from a nightmare. He glanced at the young homeless girl standing in front of Tesco playing the violin. She winked at him.
With a fond smile, John bit into the other man's shoulder and tightened his left hand's grip. The cheeks of Sherlock's arse were contracting, tensing and relaxing faster and faster while he pumped his hips. John felt desire ripple through his guts.
“I think that’s been enough talking for today.” Sherlock’s heart began beating wildly in his chest. Images of the possible outcomes of their evening filling his head with that short sentence.
“It appears that it only happens when you address me in your mind or are strongly concentrating on me.” Sherlock said, deciding not to mention the insult.
“If you get the scones we can start.” Rolling his eyes, John decided to get some scones for breakfast.
Sherlock shook his head, a movement barely visible the way it hung hidden between his arms. He’d just managed to find a rhythm, pushing back in time with the careful thrusts. He felt the sweat running down his forehead and collecting in his messy curls. His arms were strained with exhaustion already. Everything felt a hundred times more intense than it should have. It reminded him that all of this just happened in a dream even though it seemed as real as anything he’d ever experienced. Beside him he felt the mattress dip. Slowly, he turned his head and forced his eyes open to look at John. He’d never seen him in one of his dreams, only known that he was there, doing this to him. Now he saw that he was wearing only his pajama bottoms. The sparse hair on his chest was sweaty and faintly glowing in the dim light that had no source at all.
“Sherlock, my son, would you please come and welcome our guest!” He groaned in despair when he heard his mother’s voice. She only called him by his chosen name when she wanted him to be pleasant. Another one? Really? Slowly, he made his way to the throne room where his father was proudly looking down onto his guest.
Sherlock’s orgasm had made his inner muscles clench around John’s knot, pressing it hard. John’s vision got fuzzy around the edges as the cramped ardour squeezed him to climax.
“Oh...” A sigh was all the answer he got as the tentacle pressed into Sherlock. Deliberately, he made it establish a rhythm that drove it deeper into his lover at every thrust.
Slowly, John drew back and looked up into Sherlock's widened eyes. For a short moment, they both studied the other's dilated pupils before John just repeated “Don’t go!” and took a step back, breaking their contact.Sherlock just watched him, obviously deducing John’s innermost feelings and trying to find out what he would do next. His conclusion was proven to be right when John started fidgeting, muttering “I have to think for a while.” and turned to leave. Stepping out of the kitchen, John cast a last glance at Sherlock, giving him an uncertain smile.
He should probably have felt used or humiliated or… emasculated. But the only thing he felt was the need to see Sherlock shake through his orgasm. Feel him come against his body and into his own pants.
“I am sorry we kept you waiting, Mrs. Phillips. Please, sit down.” He gestured to the chair, closing the door behind the young woman. She wasn’t much taller than John when he’d first meet her but now they seemed to be of equal height. Sherlock watched her intensely while she took the few steps towards the chair. The Consulting Detective nodded at her when their eyes met but kept his face impassive. These things were always John’s area of expertise and by the way the woman curled in on herself as soon as she sat down, the Doctor knew that he didn’t have to use many words to make her understand.
“Oh, stop it. OK you win! But never ever talk to me again about…This.” Sherlock’s face was scrunched up in a childish display of disgust but John could say that he was just playing his role. The DI grinned satisfied, taking a seat on the couch as John motioned for him to do so.
The king was furious when he saw the state his beloved son returned in. He promised Sherlock that he would never have to go back to Prince Sebastian.
“Then you are mine and I am yours, at least until my heat is over.” Sherlock said happily before he walked over to the drawer with the take away leaflets.
“Come on, John. You watched it and you felt it. You probably still feel it.” Sherlock said impatiently.
“Well, obviously.” John replied, sitting up on his heels. “ Should I have…. Did you want me to leave?” Anxiety was flooding his whole body. He felt his stomach cramp and and his head spin. His hands found the blanket underneath him and began to clench around the soft fabric.
John demanded half heartedly before he returned to his diary and Sherlock resumed his show of impatience by rapidly tapping his foot on the linoleum. When the timer hit the one minute mark, Mycroft's and Greg's steps were echoing in the halway.
Beside him, Greg and John were adjusting the straps on their own gear before readying their guns. They were forming the advance party, while Sherlock and Sean were meant to be in the back, Mycroft and Martha being in between them.
Since Mycroft had picked them up, they had undergone drastic changes in their behaviour with huge amounts of sleep being the one they all had in common.
“I don’t know what you mean.” Sherlock said, contorting his face in pain when John pressed on the edges of the scratch.
“Lestrade! The Grandmother has him. Mr. Mullins here is a mere instrument for her. She wanted her grandson to live with her and not the despised daughter in law. He followed her order, being too weak to stand up against his overly dominant mother. If you go to his parents house in… Where is it Mr. Mullins?”
He was unable to breath, or move, or even react as everything fell into place. Suddenly, he realised why he had been shot. Why Sherlock had behaved so strangely out of character.
He was fairly certain that the last urologist thought him to be an exhibitionist who got off on wanking in front of him. That was when John gave up searching for medical advice.
Sherlock had been at an absolute loss. When he’d entered the flat it was obvious that John had made up his mind about his attraction to Sherlock and then… Well, then the consulting detective had basically acted on autopilot.
Sherlock didn’t know where to go, after leaving the house at 4 am. He only knew that he needed as much space as possible to find out what John’s behavior meant. He had a vague idea but Sherlock knew that this
Slowly, hesitantly the Yard came to life again. All the while, 221b was largely forgotten by the outside world. But not entirely.
“Sherlock, are you serious? That doesn’t sound like you at all. Did you actually listen to yourself? That is ridiculous!” John stared at him wide-eyed.
