“You’re in a dangerous business, Rogers. There’s bound to be collateral. Sometimes, people are just going to outsmart us and we can do nothing but deal with the repercussions,” Toni explained, leaning forward in her seat and resting her elbows on the armrests. “You will never be able to protect everyone from everything, but you can improve your responses. Keep your team tight and have an emergency plan in place. It’s all you can really do to prepare for these situations.”
Tony coughed, sputtering water from his lips as his shoulders slumped. “I-I only told them about the bombs! A-and that Bucky was alive!” He cried out but eyes was only met with water again.
“Understood.” Steve was already walking forward, following the creek north towards the way they had been heading. “But you know me, Bucky, and you know I’m not going to leave anyone behind, no matter what they’ve done. It’s not how we were raised.”
Loki sighed slowly, eyes narrowing. “Stane sent his men to break into Tony’s house, to figure out why Rogers would have protection over him. They found Tony’s flashdrive and Stane saw his weapons designs, decided he wanted Tony." Loki paused to cough, leaning back in his seat. “As far as Stane would tell me, he’s planning an invasion. He hasn’t forgiven Steve for taking part of his territory years ago. He’s planning to take it back, along with the rest of the city. He thinks Tony’s weapons can help him do that."
“You’re right,” Bucky agreed, staring at the bottles on the shelves in front of him as he brought the glass to his lips. “I don’t want to hear that right now.”
It certainly wasn’t a formal ‘thank you’, but it still meant something. He was giving her all of the credit before her father. It was a start. Her father gave her an approving look, nodding his head. “You did well, Antonia. I’m sorry you were ever put in that position.”
“It’s not about the money, it’s about the lack of respect,” Steve huffed, taking the scotch from her hands and showing her to the chair before his desk that had been recently vacated. “Something you know all too well.”
Steve was moving without a second thought, phone still clutched tightly in one hand as he crossed the dance floor. There was a crowd of remaining guests blocking the bottom of the staircase as they all traded goodbyes and fake sentiments; Steve was less than gentle as he shoved through them. They slowed him down, but the moment Steve reached the staircase, he was sprinting up the steps two at a time. Second floor bathroom, second floor bathroom. Steve wove through the tables that crowded the balcony, colorful exhibit displays flashing in his peripherals as he followed along the walls in search of the bathroom. He finally spotted a door labeled restroom and shoved the door open hard enough that it creaked and smacked against the wall. The sound echoed through the empty bathroom, Steve’s panic only rising when he realized no one there. “Bucky, come on, pal,” Steve said into his phone, shoving a hand through his hair. “I swear, if this is a joke, I’m cutting your pay and-“
"Clint, it wasn’t some hook up, alright?" Steve said calmly, his whole body going lax as if to make himself less of a threat. "I-"
Tony turned on the shower, turning to the mirror and beginning to shave. Tony ignored how puffy and deflated he looked. Steam fogged the mirror around the edges, framing his face. His hair was flat, his face was swollen, his lip was bitten, and his heart was torn. Maybe one more day of wallowing wouldn’t hurt.
The brunet ran off while Steve took his knife and made quick work of her AC/DC t-shirt until she was down only to her tank top. Tearing a strip of cloth free, the blonde raced to the stream and dabbed it in the cold water before wringing it out. He returned to her side moments later. “It’s going to be alright, Bucky’s going to fix you up,” Steve murmured to her, wiping away the sweat from her face before pressing the cloth to her forehead. “He’s the best in crises.”
“We both know no one tells your father what to do,” Happy teased, tipping his head to her before turning back to the car. “But I can make sure he gets home safe!”
Bucky grunted his thanks, taking up a slice of the sandwich. There was a knock against the doorframe and Steve glanced over his shoulder, offering Bruce a tired smile as the brunet drifted into the room. “Dr. Banner,” Steve greeted, moving to shake the man’s hand. “I can’t thank you enough for making these house calls.”
Bucky shrugged slowly. “Frustrated. He wants to find you bad and Loki isn’t talking. He has no idea how to handle what’s going on between the bombs and your kidnapping." Bucky said before studying Tony’s face, a grin slowly spreading. “Why so worried about him?"
Bucky huffed and turned to pass Tony a pair of pliers. “I’m going to kick his ass when this is over," Bucky grunted and Tony laughed.
“He’s the doctor,” Steve said, not glancing up from his paper. “As you can imagine, there are a lot of injuries doing what we do and it can get a little pricey with all the trips to the hospital. Bruce has his own medical lab I’ve set up for him. It’s down that back hallway,” Steve said, nodding his head towards the living room.
“No,” she said after a moment, eyes flicking between Bucky and the doctor before she pushed off the doorframe and entered the bedroom. “I was on my way to the kitchen and I just… I guess I just wanted to see how this idiot was doing.”
Toni wiped down the mirror until she could see her own reflection, plucking her toothbrush from the holder and wetting it under the faucet. She just pushed it into her mouth when she heard the bedroom door shut, and Ty’s muffled voice carrying through into the bathroom. Toni raised a brow at his urgent tone, but the words of the one-sided conversation were near inaudible except for the bits and pieces that filtered through. “I know we planned this… what if… kept busy… benefit tonight.”  Was he talking to her? She reached forward and shut off the faucet quickly. Without the sound of running water, Ty’s voice came through crystal clear. “I will, I’ll talk to you soon. Promise.”
Bucky shrugged as he peeled open the lid on one of the chili cans. “I think her belief in her family living is the only thing keeping her going. You’ve seen how people traveling alone in this work get. If they don’t have something driving them, they go insane.”
Without hesitation, lightning quick and unwavering, Toni lowered her pistol and fired a shot into Ty’s thigh. The man crumbled to his knees with a curse, shaky hands gripping at the wound. Toni stepped forward, lowering to his eye level, lips curling back in a sneer. “Never said I was going to kill you. Doesn’t mean I’m not willing to put a bullet in you,” she whispered lowly. She straightened up, turning for the front door. “And the wedding is so fucking off, Stone.”
“No, I guess they wouldn’t,” Tony huffed, shrugging as he ran a plate under water. “Sure,” he nodded, accepting a mug from Loki and taking a sip as he loaded the last dish into the dishwasher, closing it and starting it.
She was unconscious now, and had been for the past fifteen minutes. Bucky had finished setting her arm, now using their last roll of bandages to wrap Toni’s forearm and create a layer of padding. He then took the two sticks he had found, each reaching from the girl’s wrist to her elbow, and placed them on either side of her arm. He tied them into place using three torn scraps from her discarded t-shirt, finishing off the splint. Using the remaining half of the shirt, Bucky cut a line from the collar to the hemline, creating one long strip that he stretched out as best he could.
Howard chuckled, leaning his back against the bar to examine his daughter. “It doesn’t take much to do that. She’s a Stark, in that way. We’re incredibly stubborn and hardheaded.”
She wouldn’t elaborate more on that and Bucky didn’t push. How could she guarantee that her family was even alive? In this world, it was easier to just assume everyone is dead. But he was reminded how young she was, even younger when the country first fell. She didn’t have a normal transition into adulthood and maybe clinging to the idea of living family was all she had. And she had very little. Bucky’s jaw clenched, and he turned back to the fire, twirling a piece of straw in his hands. Finally, he huffed. “North it is, then.” He heard her shift to look at him, but he kept his eyes on the flames. “Get some rest.”
Toni shifted back in his lap to wipe at her cheeks, but never moved too far out of his embrace. “I don’t know what hurts worse; the fact that I let Ty use me, or the fact that I meant so little in my own godfather’s eyes. He helped raise me, Rhodey. He was at the Christmases and family dinners, he took me to visit colleges when dad was busy. Now dad could be surrounded by enemies in our own territory and I… I can’t do a thing,” she rasped, warm tears spilling one after the other. “Why can’t things ever just…just be good for a change without any manipulation, any schemes, any…any…”
Smug bastard. “I did. But I’m a little confused as to how you two got talking,” Toni began, taking up her fork and examining her fruit.
Steve stood tall, holding the bag up. “Big words to the guy who just saved your ass, kid,” Steve smirked. “You make a horrible damsel in distress.”
He moved up three flights of stairs before walking to his door, sliding the key into the lock and giving it a slow turn. As soon as he pushed the door open he was met by a sneer and Clint’s fist hitting his lower jaw. The force through him to the ground, landing hard on his chest with his hands splayed out right at Steve’s feet. Looking up slowly, he found Steve’s handgun aimed for the center of his forehead. “Going somewhere?" Steve asked, nodding his head towards the bags Loki packed in the corner.
Tony squeaked. There was nothing in the world like Cap speaking to him this way. Nothing that twisted his will into this submissive puddle like him.
"Go on Snow White. You can do it." Tony urged him. Bucky sighed but ultimately nodded and got shakily to his feet. He only lingered long enough to kiss Tony softly.
Tony gave an appreciative whistle as though he hadn't seen him entirely naked before. As though his hands hadn't been literally inside his chest. "Yes sir, Sargent."
Tony reached between their bodies and grasped Steve's hardness. He slowly positioned it against his entrance and let himself slowly sink down. "Ah..." He gasped out, leaning his forehead against Cap's sculpted chest.
"Highly compromised?"  He slowly extracted himself from bed, careful so as not to wake Steve and padded to the bathroom.
Tony came so quickly he was ashamed. He gasped out only a moment before he spilled into Bucky's throat. "Oh God! Oh my fucking God!" Tony practically screamed out. Bucky sucked him through it, milking him for all he had, until Tony whined.
Cap stood with his fists clenched, "Nothing, Tony just, get dressed and go." He said without turning.
"Well?" He snapped. "What are you doing? Second thou---h! Mmmmh!" His sentence was cut short by a gutteral moan as Steve pushed the head of his dick inside.
"I thought it was going to take another month to complete the leg but I was looking at your scans; there are enough viable anchoring points that it should be easy. We'll just run a few leads into the muscle, a few sensors, build off your existing bone and--"
"You see, I knew there was something I didn't like about you being so familiar. The way he talked about you." He scoffed seeming actually angry now, and was unceremoniously picking up his shoes and cramming his feet into them. "This was obviously all a mistake." He stood with a wide, board-meeting-presentation stance, the kind he'd use to cockily command the attention of entire rooms.
Steve didn't register much after that as the long thin box made of bullet proof glass descended the ramp. He didn't approach as it was loaded into another vehicle, bound for Avengers Tower.
" Tony said with measured calm, keeping his breathing even. "Blood is the family business-- was. Was the family business. I've killed thousands, maybe millions with just my cold indifference alone." He took the squat can of ginger ale on Bucky's bedside table and cracked it open. He took a long slow drink before continuing.
a shame." Tony moved so he was kneeling with his chest resting on Bucky's, his lips right by his ear.
Tony didn't have a small dick by any means but Bucky was able to press his lips to Tony's pelvis each time. Looking down at Barnes was intoxicating. His eyes hooded, pupils blown with lust, lips reddened from their work.
Bucky and The Soldier. Those two entities swirled in his head like oil and water. He remembered too much and too little and it threatened to tear him apart.
"Ask me that again when I've come to terms with this." He held his right hand up again before tearing off all the leads and censors. The only thing he took his time with was the IV. He stood up. The leg held and his own stubbornness forced him into walking a straight line for the door. "What made you stop, Tony?" He paused to ask in the doorway.
The only sounds the pair made were soft, breathy groans, and the various clinking sounds bits of their uniforms made, dog tags, buckles.
Bucky let his hands wander over that side. The feeling was dulled to almost non existent even if he dug his nails in. Just disconcerting numbness and pressure.
"The only thing that's really been missing these past years has been my Sargent." Steve dramatically sighed. "Kinda hard out there without my best guy watching my six."
"I feel. . . Good. I mean, I don't feel wound up tighter than that clock you fixed earlier." He noted that there was a copper pipe running from the ceiling to halfway down the wall, it had a fluted valve on the end and Steve decided that must be where the music was coming from. "How do you feel, Howard?"
He leaned forward and kissed Steve languidly, wetly. "Your mouth tastes so, so good, doll." He said so obscenely that Steve almost had to look away. If only the super-soldier could hear Stark's thoughts. His cock twitched against Steve at the thought of running said cock around Steve's full, glistening lips.
A concentrated beam from Stark's suit cut through the ceiling above him. A steel girder groaned dangerously bending inward as it's structural integrity was compromised.
His thoughts were interrupted by a metal clad fist to his jaw. Caught so much by surprise, Steve went sprawling.
Bucky looked down at his fingers, white-knuckled as he gripped the rotting wood of an old tree stump. There was pain-- no, well, yes and no.
Banner passed Tony a glass of water and two pills. He knew Steve wouldn't take them, so he tossed them into his own mouth.
The admission spurred the cold anger in Tony further. He stood and kicked Bucky clean through the living room wall and into the kitchen.
"I hate admitting that you're a good man, Tony." Bucky reached out with his one hand and pat Tony's own. "Nothing like your father."
There was a round object just behind it, several cords and wires branched off from it. "This is what worries me. I think it's the source of all our troubles."
"Well if you hadn't looked ready to wring my neck when I mentioned having a fella, I'd have offered you some relief." Howard smirked. Steve couldn't believe how forward and lewd Howard Stark was. Did he have no shame? Well, Steve thought to himself, he was certainly rich enough to afford not having any shame.
"We finally crash into one another after what, 70 years? And it seems like everyone in the world gets to kiss your ugly mug but me. First that dishy blonde now another Stark?" He smiled, it was a bitter one.
Bucky snorted another laugh. "Could be" he said coyly. He bit his lower lip and looked up at Tony through his eyelashes knowing just how he looked.
He was just the remains of the day. He stepped back, looking at the damage in his reflection on the glass.
The older man had his brows knit. He frowned but it was the most heartbroken looking face Peter had ever saw.
Howard grinned almost looking at Rogers tenderly as he popped his hips, eliciting a sweet moan, deep and lustful.
"I would like to see the little broken man." The unknown voice announced, it sounded much closer now.
He felt vulnerable, raw, he'd not woken up quite enough to have put up his usual cocky and brash persona. To put up his walls. When Steve's finger pushed against him he gasped. "St--stop. Steve." He reached back and gripped Steve's arm, stilling him.
With Steve beneath him, insides clenching around him, Stark felt his denied release building. He grabbed Rogers' cock, and pumped him hard, knowing he wasn't going to last much longer.
He didn't think it'd actually happen but. . . Cap just seemed so pure and innocent anything vulgar from his lips was so
Sighing deeply he dragged himself along the floor and retrieved the crutch. There was enough strength in his arms especially the metal one and his good leg that he could lift himself up.
"When. . . When I'm feeling up to it. Can you walk me through everything?" He reached out his hand and gripped Bruce's. "I'm scared. That's not something I'm supposed to admit but I am."
Bucky slowly nodded. "I feel. . . Fine, Dr. Banner. Is this your lab? It isn't terrifying." He tried a smile but it was tight and more sad looking than anything.
Tony looked utterly confused. What was the occasion? Was there another important date he'd forgotten?
"Damn right. So what are you gonna do to fix this?" It pissed Tony off that Steve could hold the mug just out of his reach.
A plume of smoke marring the otherwise perfect, mild day; a syringe just in his line of sight, and rows of cold, indifferent faces.
"Have you looked at this here, Bruce?" He said gesturing to the underside of the plate he held. "This woven mesh looks almost organic."
When Steve cleared his plate, Howard pulled it from his hands, tossing it haphazardly away. He jumped up, straddling Steve's waist?
Bucky's feet shuffled to a pause, he only half turned to look at Steve. "I left Sam back there fighting some half child half arachnid. He probably needs a hand."
"Maybe I could lend you a hand though?" He took a gleaming, polished and brand new arm from behind his back. Bucky's eyes widened. What was this
"Expect to see me here? No, if course not." Howard cut him off, finishing his thought for him. "Just remember Rogers, if I really wanna find somebody, I can." He winked, just as cocky in real life as he was on stage.
Somehow they'd beaten the van getting there, when he saw the huge Stark Industries van pulling up he called out to Tony; "Take care of the kid, I'll catch up."
Another six hours later a disheveled woman in a white coat, poorly hiding bloody scrubs approached Steve and Tony.
The only relief he'd experienced was through running. It wasn't exactly a common hobby amongst New Yorkers. Nobody did early morning laps around the block, not unless they were being chased by someone.
Bucky tilted into the kiss and parted his lips. Their tongues clashed, slipping together with urgency.
It was when he found an old oval picture frame that he finally paused to actually look at something closely. There were two smiling boys in the photo, it was faded but gilded with light like everything else.
"Here." Steve lightly pressed his finger between those pretty lips, eyes admiring the way they always had a gentle upward curve at the corners, the way they got so red from kissing, the perfect Cupid's bow.
Well, that or he knew Bucky was so unstable that having to go through protocol get to him in case of an emergency was more of a hindrance.
He experimentally slid both hands along his thigh, fingertips brushing where it ended. He could feel most of it, there was a severe numbness on his inner thigh however.
He drew back his arm, ready to punch Steve square in the face. Steve was unsure of Tony's resolve to do it but wasn't surprised when metal connected with his jaw.
Tony was having coffee with Rhodey down stairs when an elderly FedEx worker knocked on the glass door.
"Bucky, please." Tony sank down on the couch beside him. "I want you. I've wanted you since we kissed the first time. Hell before that."
Steve had put a lot of effort into preparing Bucky but,  it was still not enough to ease the burn at actually being breached by Steve's thick dick.
They were deep in the woods, it was dark except for when the rain clouds allowed a little moonlight in.
Sam couldn't see anything through the thick, black smoke and all the dust that was still settling. Every time he tried flying through it he couldn't breathe and his eyes burned and watered in spite of his goggles. He felt very impotent presently but he kept up his search trying to pick over everything, looking for any sign of Barnes. A glint of metal arm, anything.
"Where the hell do you get off Steve!?" He shoved him, hard. "We're done here. No more. No more using me."
"I told . . . I said I didn't want anyone coming here." Bucky backed up further, toward his bedroom door.
When he stopped at last he was gasping for breath. Tony put the dust bin down and gave him a paper towel for his mouth.
Cap's hand pumped Tony's cock, his tongue slowly withdrew. "You said, I had to tire you out, right?" His tongue darted out sliding a slow circle around Tony's entrance.
Vision and Wanda were toward the front of the Quinjet, both speaking in hushed tones, oblivious to everything around them.
Cap's tongue slid past Tony's lips and Tony's eagerly met it. Somehow Steve always tasted like fresh mint, like he'd just brushed his teeth. Tony's body started relaxing against Steve. His eyes flew open as Steve's tongue slid over the roof of his mouth eliciting a moan. He pressed himself against the other, silently asking for more.
Howard eyed the way the water ran off him, the way little beads of water flew as Steve's cock twitched in mid air. "Jesus Christ." Howard said under his breath, keeping a death grip on the sink.
Howard cried out, repeatedly. He saw stars as an orgasm wracked his body, his cum running down the polished oak of the sink basin.
"B-bucky came home from some gin joint half drunk out of his mind, no dame on his arm, he hadn't pulled that night. He'd been so frustrated. . ." Steve paused, looking down at Stark, who had likewise paused, only tracing a finger lazily around Steve's nipple. Steve swallowed hard and resumed his story. "He came into my room and practically ripped me out of both bed and my pajamas. I was small back then you'll recall. He kissed me sloppily, I could taste the gin. I couldn't protest, didn't really want to protest. He pulled me out of bed and bent me over it. He took me dry that night and I remember screaming out into the mattress. I came hard, regardless and we curled up in my bed." Steve shifted, mostly to keep Howard from feeling how his cock twitched at the memory.
"Everyone is entitled to feel what they need to feel, Bucky." Bruce put the ginger ale down and sat down on the bedside chair.
Steve roughly grabbed Stark's hips and bucked his own up, grinding his clothed cock against Howard's ass.
Over the past few days, Steve had tried countless times to gain access to Bucky's room. He'd abandoned the apartment on favor of the tiny room in Bruce's lab.
He'd watched the quinjet make it's approach knowing who was on it. His heart didn't quicken he just felt empty.
"Im trusting that Tony gave you a heads up about everything. About the uh, ice?" Bruce picked up a syringe of amber colored fluid and stepped over to very slowly administer it into a valve in a line that ran into the glass box.
"We have something to discuss." He peeled the covers away from Tony's face and leaned down to whisper in his ear. "I want you to ponder exactly what it might be while I take a shower, little slut."
?!" Red and gold gripped Bucky's chin hard enough to hurt. "How many people begged you not to kill them? Do you even remember her?"
Tony signed for the package and took it back to the couch where Rhodey was wiping tears of laughter from his eyes.
"So that arm. It's gonna require surgery. Luckily we were able to save all the connections points I eternally. You had some kind of failsafe behind your heart." Tony tapped his chest.
"God, I used to hate you." Tony rambled at a breakneck, the tell that Steve had picked up on, indicating that Stark's nerves were acting up. "The way dad used to talk about you. Like you were some fucking god he'd made."
this new form of Steve. He sorely missed the little guy Steve used to be but there was absolutely no denying that this version was easy on the eyes. Gorgeous even.
Already he'd broken a mustard jar, a tap on the kitchen sink and crushed the back of a chair at the dining table. And that was all in the span of just this afternoon.
"Sorry? Don't be. I deserve this." Servos whirred as both hands clenched the edge of the blanket. "I deserve all of it."
Steve smirked and slid down kissing a trail to the top of Tony's pants. He knelt up and practically ripped them down. The only thing he paused to do was toss Tony's sneakers off one by one. Then Tony suddenly found himself naked in a German parking garage.
It was the only way Howard could keep from having a huge post-sex drop in mood, almost falling into a depressive episode every time he did something like this. He had to act like this was real, like it mattered.
He squeezed his eyes shut and let the incredible, slick feeling envelop him. The strong, wet appendage swirled within him, writhing like an eel. Intermittently, Steve would pull back and languidly let his tongue circle quivering flesh, teasing just at the entrance. Tony's moans became needy pleas and it lit fire in Steve's loins. After a while he let Tony's shaking legs drop and looked at him with smouldering eyes, and a dark expression on his face, almost predatory. It excited Tony in a way he couldn't quite pinpoint.
Steve slowly extracted himself from the chair and stood close to Bucky. He held his hand to his chest now.
"Well I think we've got all that figured out too. This one should give you an even dispersion of sensation, pressure, hot, cold all the little tactile things. Questions?"
However it did nothing to quell the knotting of his stomach. He couldn't fuck this up, he just couldn't. Not again. He had a lot to say and a lot to answer for. If he could get the words out.
Bucky suddenly realized what he'd said, what he said he'd do.  He groaned now. "Fine, Pete." He sighed standing to help Peter up.
"You can't. Just like I can't bring your mom back." He flexed the hand and ripped the covers off himself, looking down at the new leg. "How long have I been out?"
When he looked back down at Stark he had his eyes squeezed tight and was biting his lip so hard that Steve wasn't surprised when a little blood trickled down.
Steve stood, walked around the side of the bed and sat down, nesting his back among the pillows and the headboard. "Come here, Tony." He cooed. "Come get my dick wet."
Finally at the school, he pushed open the gate to the area where kids usually practised their track and field skills.
It wasn't easy, picking over the rubble, he kept nearly misstepping or sliding on loose stone. It reminded him of the war it looked like a bomb site.
Howard desired nothing more than to hear more of those moans. He bucked his hips, the sound of their heavy breathing, moans, and bare flesh connecting.
When Steve made to follow the elevator doors closed. "I'm sorry Captain Rogers, you don't have clearance for this floor."
It seemed to light a fire in Tony. "You bullheaded bastard! All the shit you're constantly bitching about, about Steve and how you were
"And God above, if you could see the hungry, possessive way he looks at you when you aren't looking."
"By Thor's brother, Loki." Peter was speaking from directly against Bucky's ribs. "H-hey hold me. Ju-just, like, your arms. It makes me feel safe."
"Alright I need one of you to start debriefing me on this whole "getting shot" business, now because I'll lose it if you don't come clean with it."
"Hey, hey, you don't have to talk about it, Snow White. Just breathe, that's a thing you can do yeah?" His voice was calm and Bucky tried his damnedest to focus on it.
It had been about torture but the face of his captor was a shifting amalgamation of Zola, Steve and Tony.
When the elevator doors closed and Bucky was alone he curled into as much of a ball as he could manage.
he feel about Bucky? They'd been best friends for as long as he could remember. They'd had sex a few times before and during the war but, they'd never spoken about it, never named any feelings. Just friends, til the end of the line.
He allowed himself to relax and observe the lab as they walked through it. Sunlight filtered through the windows, equipment Bucky couldn't name was lining almost every surface. Tony and Bruce were standing across a long table, staring one another down.
"I did sleep actually. Thank you for asking. So how do you fancy brunch instead of lunch? Maybe a guest?"
"Steve, you don't get it. I've told you everything and you still don't get it. I loved you. I loved you and I was never what or who you needed. I was a friend you fucked but you were my world. You were what I held onto until I broke. You were my very. Last. Memory." Servos whirred in protest as he tried to free his hand. "Its kinda a slap in the face to see you setting up housekeeping with a man after playing straight for Peggy Carter for so long."
Had Bucky hurt him? Bucky glanced down at his metal appendages and snatched them away, cursing them to himself. Fuck he hated those hands.
Tony kept his eyes trained on him as he paced. "We probably could, Cap but I think moving him now would probably get us brought up on murder charges."
He'd done so well with someone standing near. Why couldn't he do this now? He just wanted to go five feet to take a piss.
He didn't even notice Steve picking his way around the parts spread on the floor til the man's hand closed around the phone.
He gripped Stark's jaw in one hand and glared down at him. "I can't do this, Howard." He began. "I've only ever been with Bucky, I mean sure I've kissed a few girls and, and, and--- besides! I'll hurt you! I don't fully understand my strength just yet." He rambled, stumbling over the words in an effort to get them all out.
Tony studied the scan for a while, tracing all the offshoots of metal and wire. "How long will it take for you to get everything prepped for it?"
This was hard, not talking to Tony. It was hard closing his heart to him. It made Bucky feel sort of sick and sore inside. They'd been through a lot. Sometimes it was hard to remember they were both human because Bucky barely felt like one.
"Like, I'm not being a little kid about it or anything. I just thought Tony would remember, since he wasn't off fighting to save the world. But I guess he didn't remember and I mean, it's cool, but stings a little I guess." Peter was babbling and Bucky told him so.
"He. . . He's gone again isn't he? To someplace I can't follow him to." He didn't even try to suppress the hiccuping sob that escaped his throat, focusing instead on the movement in the back of the ambulance they followed.
When they were both settled in the huge tub, with Tony laying on Steve's chest, Tony finally spoke up about something that had been on his mind. "You love me, Cap?" He asked tentatively.
It took him a minute but Bucky finally plucked up the courage to slide his hand over the end of the stump.
It was hot inside, and Stark's walls gripped the digit tight. "Mhhh" Howard groaned, when Steve experimentally curled his finger.
"Yeah, I know, Buck." Steve said with a practised calm. he was mostly buying time for Tony-- who was still struggling with his shoes-- to get clear or at least back in his suit.
He took an entire box of pizza and his work and disappeared into the elevator. "See you tomorrow dear." He said as the doors closed.
Steve took one confident step after another and finally sat his rear down in the chair opposite Bucky.
Steve cautiously closed the distance between them, catching Tony's chin between his thumb and forefinger. He tilted the smaller man's head up so he could look at him in the eye.
His hands slid from Tony's hair, down his back and settled on his ass. Steve gripped it hard, pushing their hips together. Steve rolled his own, grinding them together, making sure Tony could feel how much he wanted him. The nature of Cap's suit left nothing to the imagination.
"You came out of the coma about a month ago. Do you remember waking up then? You reacted kind of badly, so we've been keeping you asleep." Banner's voice was so soothing that Bucky felt almost like he could slip back into sleep. He vaguely wondered if the man knew that.
"Oh shit, sorry. I mean I have you a small apartment set up one floor down." Tony's hand was rubbing his chest again.
"I kinda took a bullet in the leg the other day. . .  Still smarts." He rolled the leg if his supposedly fashionable, baggy sweat pants up all the way to his thigh.
"Why don't you go play with Dr Banner for a while. Tell him I said you could mess around with the gene sequencer." Nobody had to tell Peter twice, the promise of practically free reign in the lab was too tempting.
He walked along the mantle piece, letting his fingers ghost over the objects displayed there. They made his head buzz a little, like they should be the most familiar things in the world but, he just couldn't place them.
An hour later they were sitting air-drying after a quick shower. Tony learned what Bucky had meant by a failure in the waterproofing. The leg sparked when wet. Curious.
His eyes shot up to meet Tony's he could tell that Steve's touch was all that was grounding the other man to the spot. "Goddamn your old man liked to talk didn't he? Steve here goes into the ice and the first undercover HYDRA agent with a low cut dress to offer him a drink, he goes sappy and spills his whole life story? Pathetic."
Bucky couldn't fight this. He wasn't going to win. Mostly because of the deep guilt he felt. The Stark's were two of the faces that haunted him.
Steve could likewise barely see from the smoke. Somewhere in the near distance he could hear Tony putting out the worst of the flames with the retardant foam from his suit. It was comforting knowing he was there.
"I told you." He panted, gripping Steve's shoulder almost tight enough to bruise. "I felt like I could cum from you talking dirty."
The Memory Suppressing Machine. He could feel the rough hands of his handler Colonel Karpov, making him sit still, making him behave.
Bruce nodded slowly. They were looking at a full body scan, hovering a few inches above Bruce's tablet. Several parts of Bucky's anatomy were highlighted in yellow.
Steve soon found himself being dragged through the labyrinthine corridors of the Stark mansion. By the time Howard pulled him into a room and locked the door behind them, Steve couldn't even recall how many turns and flights of stairs they'd taken.
Tony cleared his throat and offered an arm. "Do you need any other help?" Tony asked as he watched the other man dry his long hair.
When Peter pulled back he made a face. "See? Didn't feel anything.  Did you? Ugh, It was like kissing Aunt May." He shuddered.
The aggressiveness of it startled Steve and his teeth sharply grazed the invading appendage. Now it was Howard's turn to gasp out a wanton moan.
"That's it! Th-there!" Tony cried as Cap's cock assaulted his spot. He writhed beneath the other man, Fingers digging into his biceps. When Tony finally came, it seared through his brain and body like a jolt of lightning. He saw first only whiteness then stars, then Steve's face above him.
Bucky knew that and resisted the urge to groan and bury his face in Tony's neck. He was supposed to be trying. He was supposed to behave.
That's all he knew stretching on for what seemed like an eternity. He squeezed his eyes tightly closed and waited.
Tony flew at him, tackling him back. Bucky's metal hand managed catching the red and gold fist that was aimed at his face.
Howard found it hard to relax. He put his hands on Steve's shoulders and just made soft sounds as Steve kissed him. He didn't exactly understand what Steve was playing at but if he kept up--- acting sweet, talking about meaning-- Howard knew the drop would be so bad that he'd not be able to get out of bed.
"Right? Pulled back one more time from oblivion? Why?" His chest was tight, he couldn't breathe. "Steve I don't feel right!"
"Couldn't keep em all from me I guess." His hair was all cropped off unevenly and he didn't turn to look at Tony.
Steve let out a sigh of relief and slumped back against the wall. "Where are you taking me, Friday?" He asked.
Howard closed his eyes and focused on the feeling of Steve's lips on his neck and his hands on his back. This was easy, he could do this, he let himself melt against the much bigger man, let him do what he pleased.
Tony leaned down and licked one of Barnes' nipples til it pebbled then bit it lightly. Bucky's knees were shaking. It was almost a relief when Tony moved away, grabbing his hand.
Tony knelt down beside him, putting down the apple he was eating. "I'm here. You're safe." He reached out and put his hand on Bucky's chest.
He marveled at the way he could feel the suds and the individual strands of his hair with the metal hand as he worked through the neglected mess. Shit, it was at mid-back now, he should cut it.
"Glad I thought of this. You can see everything without drawing a crowd." He said as Bucky lead them back toward the waiting car.
Tony knew how to fuck, and fuck well. When Bucky adjusted he gave him a sharp pop of his hips. Bucky shrieked because he immediately hit his spot. "Oh! Oh my-- Tony!"
Tony's hand shook as he gripped Bucky's chin, tilting his head back. He slowly pressed his lips to Bucky's.
Clint and Natasha sat side by side, leaning their heads together, eyes closed. Their body language was so relaxed, Steve almost envied their easy friendship, their intimacy.
"So you been out fighting again? Typical, Rogers." Bucky gestured to Steve's appearance, the soot and blood.
"Steve? Steve's here?" A trap surely. No, no he escaped HYDRA, right? He let himself remember everything, but it was hard letting The Soldier slip away.
Steve let himself take Bucky by the waist pressing their bodies in closer. His hands slowly slid up and down his sides. "I still can't believe you're alive and you're here." He breathed as he leaned to kiss along Bucky's neck.
He bobbed his head, moaning softly, sluttily, vibrations from his voice running through, Cap's thick cock.
understood the limitless bounds of his nervous energy. How tearing himself away from activity and forcing himself into stillness made both mind and body practically scream.
On the day before he was set to leave on his tour of America, Steve found Stark missing from the sofa.
There were a million and one things that Steve could have wanted to talk to him about. However- Tony thought as he listened to the shower running- there weren't many of them that would require him being called a slut.
It was desperate now, the way he pushed himself back against Steve. The gunshots were closer and he was sure he'd heard a grenade in the distance.
"I've lost you anyway, Stevie." He coughed, blood bubbling past his lips. He finally managed locking Steve in his sea-blue gaze. "Stevie will you bury me beside my folks? I sa-- saw my stone in the veteran's cemetery, but I . . . I wanna be by my folks."
He made his way around the room looking at everything.  His eyes slid over the sparse bric-a-brac: tiny animals, a porcelain crinoline lady, one of her arms chipped entirely off. It made him feel unsteady somehow, but no other negative emotion bubbled up. No panic, no fear.
The leg looked good, better than the stump. It was exactly in proportion and only a bit heavier that his natural one. He could feel it as well as he could feel his metal arm--- arms.
His waist was gripped hard, Steve pressed his hips to his ass, grinding his hardness against him. Howard whimpered, pushing back against him.
It's just that they'd gotten so close over the short amount of time Bucky had been around. When Peter had heard Bucky was hurt again and absolutely couldn't see him, well, that didn't sit right with Peter.
Just as Tony started to relax, just as Steve saw his wide brown eyes welling; movement behind him caused him to snap around.
Bucky laughed and shook his head. "Secrets safe with me." He promised and pulled the kid's leg back close.
"Unusually am." Stark replied softly, watching Steve's eyes slipped blissfully closed. "Unfortunately it gets my heart broken most of the time." He added when Steve's breathing settled out in the rhythm of sleep.
"We're going to be bringing him home in a coffin at this rate." Steve finally paused, letting his body slump against a wall, slowly sliding down to the floor.
He was brought out from his thoughts as Cap pulled first his own shirt off over his head then Tony's.
"I know you don't expressly need it. But I want to give it to you. . . Slow and sweet." Steve whispered. Bucky's cock twitched at the words.
Steve's head snapped up at those words, "Feel?" He asked. He felt a pang of guilt, he'd shoved his shield between two of those plates before.
"You're a little slut for me aren't you? Even when I'm being so nice and feeding you. I mean, fuck, look at you." Steve was slowly pushing his fingers in and out of Tony's mouth, sliding the pads of his fingertips over his tongue.
In the few moments of silence that followed while Steve took an assessment of himself, he wondered why he could still hear the phonograph. It had an almost echo like quality.
He let his tongue slide circles around the head then dip into the slit, tasting Steve's precum. After a few frustrating minutes of Steve not uttering a sound he raised up with an audible pop of his lips.
It was giving Tony anxiety but at the same time it kept his mind off the antiseptic-and-shit smell of the hospital and constant beeping of countless machines.
"Mhm, yesterday morning. Off on some mission or other. Was he always like that? Throwing himself headlong into things so he could process or hell, deflect, whatever?" Tony sighed out.
Bucky sucked the digit into his mouth, knowing Steve wanted it wet. He had lube in the bedroom, but this was too good. It was too much fun to tease that long finger with his tongue and teeth. It tasted like gunpowder and sweat, like battle and Bucky couldn't say that he minded. Especially after noting the way Steve's eyes went from lust blown to totally black. Bucky moaned around the finger and when he let it go from between his lips it was dripping wet.
." The words Tony spat at him broke Bucky to the core. He couldn't even sort an emotion from the whirl of feeling in his gut.
"Yeah." Steve breathed. "Your right one is mostly well now. It's just bandaged because the skins delicate"
"Nh-ninet-teen four-- ahh..  forty f-fuck! Forty Five!" Tony's hand was working him in short quick motions. His lips played at the edge of the shell of his ear.
"He is presently in conference with--- nope, his conference just ended." There was a pause. "Should I inform him that you're looking for him?"
Steve made a disappointed sound and stood. He was wearing his best black suit, charcoal shirt and black silk tie. Fuck he looked good in that.
The man Steve had unstrapped from that table in that camp. . . He was already far removed from who Bucky had been.
He looked down at his bare feet. The only thing he hadn't put back on was his sneakers and it made him feel a little childish.
"You." Steve replied easily. "How unfair life's been to you. How I wish I could have saved you. How I wish I'd have known."
Steve rolled his eyes and ripped a large portion of the chest plating away. He'd wanted to take this slow, tease Tony, make him squirm, but Tony's words were like a challenge. He'd get him out of that tin can alright.
Steve shook his head and approached the tub, sitting down on the edge of it, with just his lower legs in the water.
"My mind, for one. The programming. . . But it. . . It's far away. . . And it might take a long time." He shifted so he could see Steve's face.
"Take your shirt off too Buck." He ordered in a low, reverent tone, deep and husky. His eyes raked over Bucky, followed by his hands sliding over the tops of both thighs. Bucky braced for Steve drawing his hand back before it met metal. He was pleasantly surprised when Steve's hand continued on as if the division wasn't even there. It wasn't at all like the first time he'd flinched away from his cold metallic touch.
Sobs ripped through Bucky unbidden. "I've ruined so much. I should have known better than to let myself start falling in love with someone who's parents I murdered." Bucky waited for the blast but it never came.
"If you think I'm not still going to fuck you til you can't walk straight tomorrow, you've got another thing coming." Steve gripped his chin, forcing him to look at him, thumb running along perfectly groomed facial hair. Still, Steve knew he had to give Tony a moment.
"Been with Tony already today, Buck?" There was a dark, rich tone to his voice now, lust getting the better of him.
"See I thought I was dead but here I am." Bucky had his eyes closed. His throat was parched, sore and tight. Don't cry, Barnes, you're a man.
"Then. . . " Tony's mouth went dry, what was he doing? He'd raised up from the bed and was staring down into Bucky's eyes. "Then I guess we gotta make it even, eh Snow White?"
But there was nothing he could do about it, chained to this wall and injured as he was. Frankly, despite all of the pain from his wounds and the stress of his fate, Bucky just felt
“In my godfather’s wine cellar. My fi- Tiberius had been acting strange these past few days and I had set something up between him, Obadiah, and I in order to work out what they were doing,” Toni set the rapidly cooling tea aside, untouched. “I heard Bucky in the wine cellar and I got him out. But they saw. By now, I’m sure Obadiah is up to speed on what happened and planning. But my father wasn’t-“
Steve considered this detail, looking between Clint and Justin. “Get me the information I need. We attack tomorrow night.”
Tony huffed, giving the room one last look over before shrugging and moving out to the car, sliding into the backseat and setting his laptop aside. He watched Steve slide into the driver’s seat while Clint moved into the passenger side before slumping in his seat. “Seat belt?” Steve questioned, looking back to give Tony a smug smirk.
Steve sighed slowly and scrubbed his face. “Alright. Here’s what we know: Tony is making weapons to aid Stane in an invasion, using the bombs and probably Bucky to motivate him. When is the invasion?"
Bucky huffed, stalking forward towards the brunette with all intentions of grabbing her. He could carry her against her will; it’s not like she’d be able to put up much of a fight. But before he could, Toni’s foot caught a crack in the crumbling asphalt and she fell to her knee, bracing herself before she could hit her arm. “Fuck,” she swore, her good hand clenched in a fist.
“Alright, kid. I want your wallet and anything else you have on you,” the man said, voice gruff and low.
Clint gave him a look, setting down his fork and pointing to Bucky. “I dont even want you in the same room as him,” he reprimanded, turning back to his pancakes and ignoring Bucky’s pout.
Toni’s jaw clenched, but she didn’t deny his point. She was quiet for a moment, the two simply swaying to the upbeat classical. “It’s easier to hate him than to admit that maybe we both crossed a few lines today. Spent three years hating the guy, why should I care how he feels?”
Steve growled, stepping around the desk and out into the hallway. “Where are they?” he asked shortly as he passed Sharon’s desk, hardly waiting for the “Library” she tossed out in response before he was stalking through the house towards the reading room.
The benefit was winding down in the late evening, patrons leaving the museum in larger and larger clumps. He had survived his brief talk with Howard, discussing security strategies to promote more of a presence to his underlings. Stealing off the top wouldn’t even cross their minds from now on. It wasn’t nearly as embarrassing as he had feared, despite Stone’s smug involvement in the discussion. As his primary business partner, Howard had a right to be concerned about issues in Steve’s operations, however small. Toni had rejoined the group just as Howard excused them, claiming that he unfortunately had other business partners to woo that night. And as Howard placed a hand on Toni’s shoulder and guided her and Ty away towards their own table, Steve swore he saw Toni glance over her shoulder and give him a strange look.
“Well it’s a good thing nobody did ask,” Loki huffed, giving Bucky a look before flashing his eyes to Tony. “Pleasure to meet you, Tony.”
Tony sat on the floor against the door, tears streaming down his cheeks as he looked to his bed with distant eyes. “Tony, please let me in,” Steve whimpered from the hallway on the other side of the door.
"Nonsense. I’ll have an assistant to you by lunch time tomorrow," Obadiah hummed, taking a bite of eggs. “Don’t you worry." He smiled. “I’ll make sure it’s someone you can be comfortable with. Think of how much work you’ll be able to get done with some extra help." Obadiah smiled, proud of himself for the thought.
Clint sighed, rubbing his face in frustration and shooting a glare to Tony. "Come on, we'll talk at my house," he huffed, nudging Steve towards the sidewalk before leading the way. Steve nodded and kept a firm grip on Tony as he dragged the boy with him, following Clint.
Natasha’s dark eyes bore into Steve as she approached his desk to stand directly before it. “No one is asking you to give up. Of course not. I’m telling you that basic self-care is needed to keep you fresh and
“Like running your father’s tech company and all of his charities in order to cover up the illegal money moving into your father’s bank account?” Steve supplied, scribbling his signature across the bottom of the first contract.
“There’s going to be hell to pay no matter what the outcome is. He’s my best friend and my most trusted advisor. I wouldn’t even be in this business if it wasn’t for his help,” Steve growled out, watching the red light turn green.
The two watched her father disappear, before the intruder’s eyes were on Toni with a grateful and guilty expression. “Look-“
“There was blood in the back of it, and, as far as I know, Bucky was the only one definitely shot at that event. So for now, it’s a good assumption,” Steve snarled, pressing one finger against the desk as he pushed on his accusation. “And you tell me. The SUV was in your father’s territory.”
“She certainly acts like one,” Bucky muttered. Despite his harsh words, Bucky shrugged off his flannel shirt, sliding her good arm through one sleeve before folding the other side over her shoulder. He buttoned it once in the middle to make sure her sling was covered. At Steve’s raised brow, Bucky looked away with a shrug. “It’s to prevent her from going into shock. You weren’t wrong: she’s in a lot of pain and she’s going to be for a while.”
Steve regarded her for a long moment, jaw working furiously as he processed her cautioning.  She didn’t think her father would do this to Steve, but she also needed Steve to be aware of just how careful he would need to tread moving forward in his search for Bucky. Toni didn’t know why she felt the need to warn Steve against her father- shouldn’t she do the opposite? Shouldn’t she root for this kind of divide between her father and the man that used her? But then again, Steve would have hurt her in vain if his relationship with Howard broke down, and their business together did bring a lot of profit to the Starks. Yes, Toni was doing this for Stark Industries. That was it. “Leave, Ms. Stark. I have a friend to find and a business to tend to.”
“You’re gonna be deep shit if you don’t give the kid back his wallet,” Steve growled, flicking the safety of his gun off. “He’s under my protection. Now you have until the count of three to give him back his wallet.”
“Some unexpected guests decided to pay a visit to Tony. We’re relocating him here to keep an eye over him,” Steve replied, moving up the stairs to one of the empty guest bedroom at the end of the hall, across from Steve’s master bedroom. He pushed open the door, setting Tony’s things down onto the large bed.
Bucky slid a videotape into the player and turned the TV on. Loki watched himself drug Tony and take him, the video playing over and over. A sickening feeling rose in his chest and he was narrowing his eyes. He forgot about the cameras. Part of him wondered if they caught him planting the bombs. He took a deep breath and looked to Steve. “I know how that may look-"
“Thank you,” Bruce smiled, looking down at the wound rather than Toni but his tone was laced with sincere gratitude. “I never thought anyone really read that.”
Toni paused, turning back to find him face her now, gripping at the back of his chair. He seemed to be contemplating something, struggling to form the words. She was about to dismiss it, to turn and continue on her way when he finally forced his words out. “I never thanked you, for saving my best friend. You didn’t have to do but you did and I…” Steve looked down, taking up his whiskey glass to avoid meeting her eyes. “It means the world to me to have him safe, so… thank you.”
“I think I still managed to piss your daughter off, though, if the way she left our dance was any indication,” Steve admitted, taking a sip of the martini and carefully concealing the face he made.
A whirlwind of green spun around in the blender, accompanied by the jarring growl of the motor. Steve leaned against the counter next to the appliance, back against the granite while he watched the coffeemaker sputter out the last few drops of the dark liquid into the pot. He had just returned from his morning run, though it was much lonelier without his usual companion. He had spent most of the night at Bucky’s side, and the exhaustion weighed on his slouched shoulders. The brunet had been out cold since they got him into bed, and Bruce had done a beautiful job of cleaning up the nasty bullet wound and stitching him up, but Steve ached to talk to his best friend. Just to hear his voice again and reassure himself that Bucky was really there, was really alive.
“Why are you here?” Tony asked, his voice sounding worn and wary. Tony never did have a problem with getting straight to the point.
The car sped off down the street, adrenaline coursing through her veins as she glanced back towards Obadiah’s townhouse. They did it, they really got away. There were going to be repercussions, but for now they were safe and Toni was thankful for it. Up until a blue Mercedes turned onto the road ahead of them and Toni felt her heart stop. Obadiah’s car. The Mercedes pulled past them and as Toni turned her head to look out the window, she found Obadiah turning to meet her gaze. Their eyes met and everything seemed to go in slow motion. His brow furrowed in confusion, before his eyes darted towards the backseat. Whatever his reaction was, Toni didn’t get to see it because she pressed the gas pedal to the floor and took off.
The numbness encompassed most of the entire left side, just up to his chest and all the way down the side of the severed leg.
Stark was a little shocked to find that there was no driver. Barnes fished the keys out of his pocket and climbed in the driver's seat.
Soon they were speeding down side streets and narrowly avoiding pedestrians. Steve had to remind himself that this was an expensive car and not to hold too tightly to anything, regardless of how anxious Howard's driving was making him.
"Are. . . Are there a lot of things you still don't remember?" Steve asked, pressing a kiss to Buck's hand. He was trying to be cautious, trying to not be upsetting.
The hand draped around his shoulders rubbed Bucky's chest soothingly. Perhaps Bucky didn't realize how touch starved he was but he found himself curling into Thor's side. The man was treating him exactly how he would have treated one of his little sisters if they were upset or injured. He was left wondering if Thor had any siblings.
Steve jumped back a bit, Howard pulled off from his cock and smiled. "Problem?" He queried, moving from Steve's side to between his legs.
"Hop in." He instructed as he took his place behind the wheel. "You'll like it I promise." He assured Steve, patting the passenger seat.
"I said no. Please respect that, Tony. I know something's not right here. Don't. . . " He sighed and closed his eyes, letting his head fall back on the couch. "Don't break my heart worse than it already is. I've been nursing a wound in it the size of Brooklyn ever since I knew about Steve and Agent Carter. Don't add to that, please."
He blinked blood out of his eyes, trying to get the ringing in his ears to stop. "Tony." He groaned out, spitting blood. "You good?"
Smiling he took a step back and gripped Howard's ass, one hand on each cheek, using his thumbs to spread them wide. He stood there staring for so long Stark got uncomfortable.
Tony finally relaxed against him. "He feels like mine too. I love that kid and it's the most pure feeling I've ever had. I'd fight god for him."
Howard lay back, relaxing with a wet washcloth over his eyes. Steve took him in really for the first time.
He moved away and sank down onto the sofa. "I thought I had something incredible here. I thought there was a possiblity here. Tony's amazing by the way. I honestly do understand how you fell for him." The fire was leaving Bucky as the strong pills took effect, he pulled his feet up and curled in on himself, burying his face in a throw pillow. "Go away. I can't stand looking at your stupid beautiful mug any more, Stevie. It all hurts. It all hurts too much."
"Thanks Tony." He stated with sincerity. "You have no idea how good this was. I needed it so bad." Did he know he was speaking in a low husky tone?
Peter closed his eyes and nodded. If nothing else, him letting Bucky talk to Tony was gonna break the awful, heavy silence between them.
Steve became vaguely aware of the sound of music, a phonograph was softly playing in some corner of the room. He relaxed a bit and ate listening to Ruth Etting singing sorrowfully about unrequited love, wishing the fella who'd stolen her heart would just take all of her.
"Clammed up on me, Rogers?" He couldn't keep the edge out of his voice. He wiped his lips and sat back, regarding Steve curiously. At least Soldier Boy's eyes were half lidded and he was panting. So, he was clearly enjoying himself.
"It's already being drawn for you." Friday was quiet for a moment then added "my opinion sir, You need to eat something too, you look skinny." What motherly AI they had around here.
Bucky made a low sound and slowly parted his lips.  His tongue met Tony's with slight hesitation the other man tasted nice, not perpetually minty like Steve but something. . .?
When he was back on his text contacts screen his thumb briefly hovered over Bucky's name. Fuck it. He tapped send.
Steve took an apple from the dish and just held it in his hand. A hand still that still startled Bucky at how big it was. Steve's hands were still elegant, not bulky or anything, just
Finally Steve sighed deep from within his soul. "I had so many things planned to say to you." He ran his hand back through his hair and grimaced that it felt dirtier than it looked. "But it's all getting away from me right now."
He tried to let the feeling of Steve be all he needed in the world. He was a man, a soldier, Sargent James Buchanan Barnes. He didn't need the trappings of Steve Rogers affections.
He heaved a deep sigh and gave himself a passing look in the mirror as he steeled himself for seeing Bucky. The cut was only sluggishly bleeding now, his hair was a mess, he had a little soot on him but he was otherwise presentable enough.
"No, seriously, he's from a place called Asgard. He's like a prince or something." Tony leaned against the doorframe, watching amused as it sank into Bucky's mind.
He sat down, scooting til he was back against the headboard and, slowly palmed himself through the thin pajama pants he wore.
Morning dawned on Steve sitting up at his desk asleep. He was fully kitted out in his uniform with his shield on his back.
Just when he was about to disobey a direct order from his Captain, Steve's hand gripped his aching cock and gave it a few slow strokes. Cap's fingers slid over Tony's head, slicking with precum. "C-cap, I'm--fuck!- not gonna last like this!"
"Are you wearing a cape?" Bucky couldn't help comment as this Thor person carried him out of the room. Fuck, how long had it been since he'd been out of that room?
"Oh god!" Tony curled forward, his cock twitching in Steve's hand, spilling his seed onto the previously pristine sheets below.
Tony nodded wordlessly and focused on breathing. He'd had Steve before but he never remembered feeling this painfully full. Then again, it had been a while.
"Easy. Easy." Bruce soothed. "We can get to all that later. Right now you need to focus on your strength. Maybe eat something? Crackers?"
He understood why Banner had tried reassuring him so much before he'd left because as soon as he was out of sight, Bucky's chest tightened again.
"Ahh fuck, thank you Tony. That helped." There were tears from laughter on the corners of his eyes. His hand didn't drop from Tony's, his thumb traced little patterns over the back of it. "I'm thankful for you."
Stark, was shaking and trying to compose himself. His post coital self was a bit mushy at the seams. He pulled his softening cock out of Steve and reached for the night stand. When the drawer opened there was a cloud of steam rising.
Bucky observed Tony with bated breath. He let those eyes study him, those wide, beautiful eyes. There were honey tones amid the deep brown and a perpetual spark of wonderment.
Bucky hesitated only a beat before he nodded. "Lots of little things. Maybe you can help me with that?"
Peter groaned deeply and let his head fall back against the wall. "C'mon man I didn't think you were a narc."
, will do that to a man. Maybe he's tired Steve. And that's fair honestly. That's something he deserves. Opinion, choice."
He was naked on the flagstone floor, knees bruising from how long he'd been forced to kneel there.  The fuckin' HYDRA Nazis had just hosed him off, the water so cold and pressure so high he thought his skin would be blasted from his body.
Bucky fought it, he fought as Tony managed getting his tongue into his mouth and when Tony's thigh pressed between his legs.
"So." He began, heaving a sigh. "Howard was abusive as shit to me. I guess he resented me for something? Anyway I was never what he expected of me. It took me a long time to come to terms with the fact that somewhere in there, dad did love me. But mom, mom was amazing. And I. . . Bucky I saw you on that tape. Someone sent me a tape in the mail. That's how I found out."
Whilst Steve was taking in the room, Howard loosened his tie and slipped down his suspenders. He kicked his shoes off and undid the sock garters kicking those off as well. His shirt and slacks fell haphazardly where they willed and Howard sat on the edge of the bed in nothing but his shorts and undershirt. "Coming, Steve?" He queried, drawing Steve from his reverie.
Instead of guiding him somewhere, Tony pulled hard on Bucky's arm, startled, Bucky practically fell forward. He braced himself on the table Tony had recently occupied.
"Why'd you save me? I thought we could have left it alone at that point. I got . . . Things off my chest. You could have had closure, could have known just what had happened to me. Went on with your life. Had your Starks or whoever else without a crippled war buddy hanging over your head."
What Stark lacked in stature he made up for in dick. Steve found this out quickly as it slowly slid into him, stretching him further than the fingers had.
Steve groaned and pulled back "take your shirt off." He gasped out. Bravado and bratty attitude tossed aside, Tony too tossed aside his shirt.  "Pants too. Off." Cap ordered. Here Tony's hands fumbled with his belt, shaking too much to be quick.
He had olive skin, now covered in the evidence of last night. Dark bruises, a bite or two. Perfect impressions of Steve's hands on his hips. He had callouses on his hands from all the mechanical work he did. There were a few scars Steve had had nothing to do with, one on his left thigh that was of an irregular shape, spreading from his hip all the way to his knee. It looked like fuel had caught fire on him, perhaps. The other scar of note was very obviously an old gunshot wound to his shoulder, a small caliber round but visible and identifiable.
The elevator ride was just enough time to get Steve's nerves keyed up. Sure he was a brave man, recklessly so, some might say.
Without another word the huge blonde man moved to stand beside Bucky's bed. He leaned down all too close and stared at him with narrowed eyes. "Hm." He rubbed his short beard-- just as blonde as his hair-- and nodded. "You are indeed a little broken man." He stated, not yet moving away.
Sarah Rogers shook her head, still smiling. "Oh James, you took such good care of my boy. Don't worry about him. You deserve some rest don't you?"
That was a thing wasn't it? Steve hadn't been there for most of Bucky's mental recovery, didn't know how bad it was those first few months. The night terrors, the nearly getting killed in traffic when a memory would grip him so hard he was no longer present. The rebuilding of his soul as he tried to come to terms with the man he used to be and the gun they'd made him into.
"You're stupid. You keep running from things you want. Maybe even things that'd be good for you!" Tony was on his feet now.
A little thrill cut through all the emotional anguish twisting in Tony's guts. He wordlessly wiggled himself to Steve's side.
He laid there until sleep took him again. He awoke with a start an hour later, the image of Steve's face as he fell from the train burning in his mind.
"He is fine. Otherwise he would have complained by now."  Thor wrapped his arm around Bucky protectively, as though someone were threatening to take away his toy. "Right Bucky?"
Steve raised his hips, grinding up against Tony. "I was rough because you were being a hard-headed, asshole."
Grinning wickedly he pecked Tony's nose and left for the bathroom, stripping his clothes off as he went.
Bucky arched when it slid over his hole. It was still a little sensitive from Tony's hasty prep and their hard, quick fuck earlier.
He'd never really had someone go this slowly, take this much time, with Buck. . . Well. He pushed the thought away and focused on Howard's lips. They felt simultaneously like fire and ice to him. Each time they met his needy skin Steve felt a jolt that traveled down his spine and somehow ended up in his groin.
Bucky's head snapped to the side. "A nerve? You still keep her picture in your compass? All faded and worn from staring at it all lovelorn?"
This was good for Bucky, Tony realized he'd never personally seen the man laugh or crack a real smile.
After a while he shook his head, it wasn't doing any good. He barely registered Bruce placing a pill in his mouth and pressing a tiny cup of water to his lips.
His plans quickly fell apart once they got started. Steve was on a hairtrigger after so long without.
"You'd be surprised." Tony risked sitting down behind Bucky and pulling the other man back against his chest. He was almost rag doll limp in his arms. "Want me to start?"
"-----explosion, he was in the middle of it." He tuned back in to reality to hear Sam finish explaining to Steve what had happened.
When Steve grabbed onto both cheeks of Bucky's ass and grinded against him hard Bucky gasped out a needy "Please, Stevie!"
"Maybe one day." Tony purred as he scooped up the mess dripping down his stomach. He shoved his fingers into his mouth, licking them clean. Bucky also had a strange sweet taste like Steve, tempering the bitterness to almost non-existent.
"Tony Stark, if you don't kiss me I'm going to just--- fuck it." Bucky was the one to close the gap this time, claiming Tony's lips with the urgency of a man on fire.
"I ---" he swallowed hard then decided to let it all out in a rush. "I've been fooling around with Bucky! Not sex but making out, I mean I did jerk him off las- last night."
Bucky was fucked up, probably needed psych, probably needed meds to counteract the hell his mind was.
Bucky smirked and leaned in to nip onto Steve's lower lip. "You're right of course." He purred when he let the kiss swollen flesh pop free of his teeth. "Tell that to my dick though, Rogers."
"Here you are, Rogers, state of the art. Best Gymnasium money can buy." There was a running track, carpeted in some kind of rubber-like material that cushioned the step. There were dumbbells in the corner, strange equipment Steve didn't have a name for and in the center was a swimming pool. It's reflection dancing on the walls in the light of the rising moon. Was it already that late? Steve almost hadn't noticed.
Bucky woke up slowly at first and then all at once. He made to sit up in bed but someone pushed him back down. "Shh, shh, it's okay Bucky." Dr Banner's hands were gentle as he eased him back down onto the pillows. "You're safe, everything went well. Relax."
"Just for you." Tony lay the arm across Bucky's lap and grabbed a chair, spinning it around. He sat with his arms crossed on the back of the chair, his cheek lightly resting on his forearms. "So let's talk."
"Fine." Steve purred, he reached out his hand and slid it over the supple contour of Tony's ass. Tony shivered pleasurably at the touch.
"How's two days from now sound? Get your strength up." Tony stood, picked up the arm and exited, just as Bruce was returning. When had he even left?
The mere thought of Zola when he was in such a weakened state made all the suppressed memories surge back.
Jarvis left and Steve put the plate aside. He sank back on the bed covering his face with his hands, letting last night's events come flooding back.
"It wouldn't work, I've tried." He rolled into his stomach. "Stuff starts healing too fast for it to make a difference."
"If it makes you feel better. If it gives you come closure, Tony. . . Just do it." He gripped Ironman's wrist and put the repulsor dead bang to his temple.
"You know," Bucky began, pretending to focus more on his metallic arm than on Steve, flexing his fingers and turning his hand over as if inspecting his nonexistent fingernails."I liked ya before you were so easy on the eyes."
"Tell him!" Bucky interrupted. Something ugly was bubbling up inside Bucky, it unsettled him. The events that had occurred up til this point were swirling around like a thick fog in his head; the war, Steve changing, then what happened after he fell. . . He shook his head and crossed his arms, turning away. He realized he was being possessive and jealous. After all Steve was all he had left to cling to from before. The only really good thing.
He'd just finished telling her about Romania, about hiding, and about Steve being the only one to believe him.
"When he shows up, send him to play with Banner. And for god sakes send a tv up here." He measured the spot he'd picked out with his eyes "60 inch. Thanks."
Bucky held up his hand, stopping Tony mid sentence. "Stop, stop. I don't want to hear about the m-medical aspects." It was  making his head spin and his breath catch in his chest. "It's too much, I. . . Bucket!" He cried out not a second too soon.
"Close, doll?" Steve asked, voice tight. Bucky could feel how Steve twitched within him any time he slowed. Steve was nearly there himself.
He lay back on the pillows with a frustrated sigh. "What the hell are you gonna do about all this, Barnes?" He breathed out loud to himself.
Steve's eyes widened. It hadn't really sunk in that maybe there were still things that Bucky didn't remember. It broke his heart a little to think that he'd forgotten this.
The kid had tripped and fallen over an old beer bottle and scraped his knee. All this before his spider-sense kicked in.
"Do you think it's selfish of me, after all this, all this effort everyone put in to have me sitting here today--- do . . . Do you think it's selfish that I just want to die?" He didn't meet Tony's eyes.
"It was in Erskine's notes that you might experience something like this. Come on." Stark slung his arm up and around Steve's shoulder, forcing Steve to kind of stoop over as he was lead away.
Steve gasped out loudly, the words going to his head, making him dizzy.  He arched up, his legs wrapping around Howard, drawing him forward.
Tony stood speechless, half in the Iron Man suit. He looked at Steve incredulously then stared down at his feet. His heart felt like it had settled somewhere in the pit of his stomach.
"I reiterate, you have a mouth on you, Mr Stark." Steve breathed, trying to not sound as self conscious as he felt.
Steve complied with a soft smile. He rolled onto his side to face Howard. He pulled him closer and kissed him softly, making an effort to keep his eyes open. He felt so deliciously
He hopped back into bed and grabbed his phone. He undid his pants and let his cock spring free. He snapped an upshot of himself and sent it to Steve without hesitation.
Steve looked up at the gleaming appendage. A little well of sorrow began to fill within his core. He'd never kiss Bucky's fingers again. He'd never feel them again. He'd never watch the way they turned bright red in the wintertime-- the way Steve would warm them with his own breath. That was one of the first barely intimate things he'd ever done in regards to Bucky. Holding his hands to his lips and breathing hot on them.
He was pulled from his reverie by Tony's hands coming to rest on his shoulders. "There's a car, we're gonna follow" Tony's face was smudged in soot and dirt. His tee-shirt was clinging to him with sweat. "C'mon Cap."
Bucky knew he wasn't going to just walk away from this one. He knew he'd be better off just putting his Beretta into his mouth.
He was slightly spaced out when the doors opened into Bucky's living room. Bucky being seated at the dining table in the attached dining area staring directly at him snapped him back to reality.
So now the gangly kid sat on top of Bucky's dresser, watching him sleep. Not that he was trying to be creepy or anything.
"Good" Tony sounded a little unsure of Bucky's decision but wouldn't protest. "Let me go talk to Bruce. I'll set up a time. . ." He was up and moving toward the elevator.
Steve heaved a sigh and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Tony, it was 1942." He groaned. "Howard was--" again he was interrupted, this time by Tony.
Something about the whole thing seemed a little off to Steve, but then again Howard had said he liked a bit of pain.
It was strange, one moment he felt like he was inside his own body-- though he didn't seem to be controlling it--- then at certain moments he was hovering several feet away. He could, however, feel
He shifted, using his metal hand to tug his pajamas down. His hand was now free to move more freely over his leaking flesh.
, I thought. . . I thought that was how you felt about me." Steve finally took a bite of the apple, needing to do something to occupy his physical body while his mind raced.
"Y-yeah? You want me, Snow White?" Tony stood and let his once again rigid cock slap wetly between Bucky's cheeks. Bucky moaned just from that.
He received a curt nod and reached out. His hand slid around Cap's cock, pumping it a few times whilst trying to settle his nerves. Captain America was more intimidating by far than Steve Rogers. Especially at this angle.
Steve focused on the spot only briefly making Stark whine when he went back to scissoring and pumping, avoiding his prostate all together.
He was in a cell, the remains of his arm had just been sawn off. He clutched the healing flesh of his stump, nails digging in, drawing blood. Anything to keep the burning pain he somehow felt where the rest of his arm used to be -at bay.
Tony was presently sitting on the kitchen floor, drinking what was likely his eighth cup of coffee. An array of parts were fanned out in front of him. Some of the pieces were no bigger than the head of a pin.
Peter suddenly blushed bright. "It's not in there. I have a . . .friend. who uh is pretty uh good at getting bullets out."
But if you wanna chat or something, even kick my ass to post chapters, I recently finally joined Tumblr.
Howard sighed deeply, letting his head drop to Steve's shoulder. "Slower." He resigned, though he was still unsteady, still unsure.
The room he entered into looked like it belonged anywhere but Avengers Tower. The floors were a lustrous hardwood, the walls were pale green and thin linen curtains hung down from all the many windows overlooking the city. There was a low sofa in a rich creme color and an easy chair to match. He didn't even remember where he was in the book that lay on the edge of the coffee table.
"I haven't stretched you much are you sur---" Steve began, before remembering how angry he was with Tony, that they were practically at war with each other. "Fine." He stated, pushing Tony's legs wide and moving between them.
He missed laying there in naught but their slacks and undershirts, sipping Sarah Rogers' homemade lemonade.
When Steve came he leaned in and bit Bucky's shoulder, stifling the cry he let out.   "Oh my God, Bucky." He breathed, holding his hips flush to Bucky's ass, unwilling to pull from the heat of his body just yet.
"Jesus Mary and Joseph!" Bucky exclaimed. "Did the bullet exit?" He lifted the kid's leg and looked at the back of it. No wound marked that side.
A meek looking, disheveled man came into his view. He looked kind, there were the start of lines at the corners of his eyes.
Now that it wasn't in such a clinical environment, Tony pressed his fingers to Bucky's chest in an entirely new way. He was exploratory, curious. His fingers slid over each of Bucky's nipples, teasing them to hardness.
Steve used the moment he was giving Bucky to come down a little to shuck his own clothes. They joined Bucky's in a pile on the floor.
Bucky backed up against the counter, eyes wide, he resisted but Peter was so strong. He wrapped his arms around Bucky's neck and pulled him in. He kissed him hard and deep, with all the clumsy eagerness of an excited teen.
Bruce too offered a slight smile. "Okay Bucky. If you start to feel bad, let us know, okay? No shame."
"Steve. He had a . . . A mark, a kiss mark." Bucky tapped his own neck, just below his ear. "That means it was very fresh. They don't last long with the serum. Little bruises like that. He didn't have any right to kiss me."
, hurtling over the precipice of his release. He came with a shout, his insides becoming a hot, slick vice around Steve's dick.
"I'm gonna have to keep my eye on you two aren't I?" Steve removed his fingers and raised Bucky's hips, throwing his legs over his shoulders.
Bucky flashed in Steve's mind briefly before he found himself saying; "Step off pal, are you nuts?" When had he stood up? He didn't recall standing.
Finally there she was, sitting on the love seat in the corner beside the small bookcase. The old kerosene lamp was lit in spite of it being bright in the room already.
"People aren't property." Tony had started to reach his hand out to Bucky to comfort him but pulled it back.
He buried his face in one of Cap's pillows and tried to deny he was crying as he drifted off to sleep.
Steve nearly jumped when Tony looped his arm around his neck, pulling him in close to his side. He kissed Steve's temple saying; "We'll get through this, Cap."
Maybe one day he and Steve could tell each other their feelings. Instead of sneaking around, barely touching one another in a way that wasn't simply meant to get them off. Best friends who leant one another a hand.
Howard settled back on the pillows and let his eyes drink Steve in as he uncovered his plate and tucked in to the pile of sausage and eggs there.
"Off with them then." Steve's tone had Tony trembling. He fumbled shakily with his pants, thankfully he was just in old jeans and not something that explicitly required a belt. He'd never have gotten that undone. He slid out of the garment and it joined his shirt in a pile. He blushed realizing he had entirely neglected and put on underwear that morning.
The baton ran under his chin lifting his head. He knew the man was looking into his eyes but he couldn't see anything through that ugly helmet he wore.
Steve gasped out raggedly when he felt lips and teeth doing their work to his neck, teasing out their mark.
He paused on the top of what had once been a luggage carrier and cupped his hands around his mouth. "Bucky?!" He called "Bucky Barnes!"
He studied him with wonderment until he noticed Friday was repeating herself for the second time to him
Bucky wasn't sure if it were an accusation or a plea. "He got shot." Bucky offered most unhelpfully.
Bucky walked out of the bathroom, eyes puffy and red. It was his hearing Steve shuffling around like the world's lousiest cat burglar that finally drew him out.
"I'm glad we have gotten to know one another. Glad you got my opinions to change. We may have unresolved issues where Cap is concerned but other than that I enjoy having you." Tony's own fingers slid along Bucky's wrist of their own accord.
"Good." He shifted a little, facing Tony more. "The nightmare though. Steve threw me out the window."
Steve jumped for a second time when he looked to his left to see Jarvis standing there holding a cloche.
His eyes took in the tiny desk, more of an end table from the rubbish with a chair pushed up to it. Several sheets of paper were spread on it. Drawings. He remembered them all. Coney island, a drunk on a bench, him.
"Your skin was just so perforated from the shrapnel of your arm. . . Anyway. . . Um here" he tapped the highlighted missing left leg. "This one was unfortunate. We never found the leg."
Bucky was supporting himself against the utility sink and almost slipped into it when Tony chased his own release inside him.
"Peace offering." He put the bear down on the bedside table and let the balloons go, letting them float up to bump against the ceiling.
"Piece of fucking shit." Tony breathed. Steve couldn't tell who it was directed at. Him? Bucky? Howard? Maybe all three.
With a sigh Steve began shifting furniture around. He moved an end table and the coffee table then went to the other long sofa and took all the cushions off. These he piled beside the sofa Bucky was on and lay down on them.
He gripped Steve's hips, --not really having much of a chance of stilling them-- and pushed in deeper, as deep as he could go, pressing his pelvis flush against Steve's ass. Both men moaned in unison with Howard's shallow motions.
"I think this ones going to be viable." Tony breathed a sigh and stood up, putting the hand on the counter beside the Pizza.
"Alright but you gotta be there the whole time." Pete hissed when Bucky pulled his pants leg back down. It
Tony rolled his eyes and smiled at her. "Smart, beautiful and a functional human being, Pepper Potts, ladies and gentlemen."
"O-oh and the arm, Tony..I can feel so many things. I felt the soap bubbles! Individual strands of hair- I. . ." He rubbed his short stubble then excitedly, sort of without thinking reached out and rubbed his hands over Tony's neatly trimmed beard and up into his hair. "A-all of that. . ." His excitement seemed to fade away when he realized what he'd done-- invading personal space, Tony's personal space. He'd just always been so tactile, wanting to touch everything, feel everything.
Steve was ghost pale and didn't realize how much his knees were shaking til he'd been forced to take a seat.
Bucky fell to his knee for the fourth time that day. A crutch clattered off to the side, skidding just out of his reach.
Bucky found himself being pushed against the window, Tony's mouth on his, both unyielding metal wrists trapped in Tony's warm hands.
Tony hopped up on a clean spot on one of his workbenches. "Gonna talk to me, Bucky?" He asked, pushing the sound of his nerves out of his voice.
"I think I need to sit down with Bucky and discuss things. Unpack a lot of shit. Make him listen to me. He never used to talk this much." Steve almost laughed but it came out a choked sob.
Steve could feel the blood rush to his cheeks. Howard smiled triumphantly, seeing Steve blush like that- like he had made some sort of conquest.
Tony knew that look of resolve, remembered this was only a meant to be a little more than a hate-fuck. He braced himself as he felt the hot, slick tip of Steve's impressive cock between his cheeks.
Then there were days where he'd lock himself in the bathroom and scream into one of the thick bath towels all because he couldn't stop the memories. The memories of his time as The Soldier. All the faces, all the people he'd killed, their anguish and his cold indifference. Was it that? Indifference not just programming? He knew the answer in his heart but it was less comfort and more a reminder of his failure to resist HYDRA.
Tony, emboldened by need, slid his hand between their bodies and gripped Steve's clothed cock. It was his turn to smirk at the strained sound Steve made. "Are you going to take that suit off?" Tony purred, "I kind of prefer Steve Rogers. Never fucked 'Captain America' before" he snarked.
"I said I'm sorry. I haven't been treating you fairly." Bucky straightened in his seat and took his hand back. "I haven't been treating either if us fairly."
Tony had only left Steve's side to shower and change at the motel just across the street from the hospital. He still looked disheveled, and somehow missed a smudge of soot on his forehead.
His phone was in his hand before he realized, dialing Steve. Once he saw what he was doing he ended the call and sank down onto the floor with a defeated sigh.
When he tilted the frame, the light caught his reflection and he paused. His hair was short, styled with pomade, he was in his dress uniform. . . That didn't make sense.
Oh after the serum and Vita-Ray? Of course. Steve rolled his eyes yet again and sidestepped Stark, only pausing to chastise.
"Well, you know what they say, wish in one hand." Tony was occupied now with inspecting bits of Bucky's arm that were arranged on a table close by. He picked up plates and looked them over.
Tony rounded on him, shoving him back, needing to keep a few feet at least between them so he could breathe.
Bucky was skilled. Tony was amazed at that mouth, that tongue. The way the tip of the sinful appendage slid over Tony's tip, toying with the slit. Tony was
Howard stated a little hastily, getting to his feet as well. When Steve paused he continued with equal haste. "At the expo. . . Well-- well I noticed your friend. . ."
"Steve I'm sorry. About Tony. I- I was an ass. I'm just so jealous. We'll never be together. Not like I dreamed."
So the game was afoot. Tony slowly stripped the shirt off. He folded it neatly and laid it on the floor beside his chair.
His hips bucked erratically, and Bucky groaned each time he slammed haphazardly against his spot, insides twitching with overstimulation.
When he added a second finger, Steve leaned in, caught his earlobe with his lips and purred "mmm, are you imagining my dick inside you, Stark?"
Bucky felt so off balance on his left side that he was forced to lean against the strange man. Thor made no effort to make him move so he settled into it.
Tony nodded, not really sure how to express the gratitude he felt toward Steve. It was a relief that someone
Bucky took the towel and draped it over his shoulder. He used his arms to raise himself up from the tub and back onto the edge. There was no hiding any of his body any more, but Bucky seemed unbothered.
"And you know what else Stevie?" He strode forward, Steve braced himself to take a punch but all Bucky did was repeatedly bang the tips of his first two fingers against his helmet where his temple was. "Think! You
"I saw the change in you, Buck." Steve stated solemnly. "I thought we could pull you through it. We didn't have words for all the shit that happens to a guy out on the front back then like we do now. I'm sorry Bucky. The worst thing that ever happened to me was losing you "
And God, Steve thought, what had he done to his hair? It was cropped almost to the skin in places. He shook his head, clearing his mind, getting back to the task at hand.
"No." Howard said a little exasperated. "Of course not. You have your Sargent Whats-his-name, maybe you'll find some dame along the way. . . Who knows. And me? Well I'll find a dame too. Someone I can look at for more than five minutes without wanting to put a bullet in my head. Someone my parents will approve of, someone I can placate them with. Once this is all over with, you'll forget all about this. Maybe it'll be some deep dark secret you'll tell your wife on your deathbed." He went to slide down further in the tub to submerge his head.
Peter left quickly, murmuring something about having to meet with someone. When he got to the door the kid paused in thought.
He couldn't read the look on Tony's face as he slowly let his hand drop. "S-sorry. I got excited." He practically whispered. "I - I think I can get the pants it's okay."
Tony grumbled softly incoherent, flipping Steve off before slumping into the chair across from Bucky. “Not a morning person, huh,” Bucky asked as Tony slumped his head forward to rest on the cool table top.
He wasn’t quite as lucky because the agent’s only response was a throaty chuckle. “Well excuse me for making conversation," he murmured into Tony’s ear. “I see this hot little thing walk into the room and you expect me not to act?" he hummed, hands slowly trailing along Tony’s sides.
He glanced over to the television screen, looking on as Clint made a lunch of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Everyone was seated at the table watching him, but no one talked. Tony shifted a bit a sighed, closing his eyes slowly. What he would give to be back in the Estate, annoying Clint, helping Bruce in the lab, spending time with Steve, being wrapped in Steve's arms-
Bucky had to move forward to grab Clint and keep him from charging at Thor. “It isn’t Thor’s fault; he isn’t the one who betrayed us," Bucky hissed softly as Clint frowned and shoved him away. “It was Loki."
“Of course, Howard. She’s welcome here, we have plenty of room.” Now that must have killed him to say. He must be feeling real guilty for suspecting her father. “And anything you need moving forward, let me know. We’re allies for a reason. And as for the meeting I missed the other night-“
With blinding speed he had the pistol cocked and pressed against Tony's forehead within seconds, eyes narrowing. Clint tensed in his seat, his own hand slipping to the gun at his hip. He'd protect his brother no matter what. "Listen, I dont have time to deal with little brats like you, I have more important things to deal with. You breathe one word of what you saw and I'll make sure your torture is so slow and painful that you'll be begging for death. Got it? The only reason Im letting you live now is because Clint is one of my most trusted men and Im sure he's more than capable of keeping you in line."
"Boring. Thor got hit in the leg but Bruce is patching him up with the others are raiding the last of Obadiah's weapon stores." Steve explained, turning to give a look at Bucky in the seat behind him. "You okay? We thought-"
Ty groaned, straightening out and moving to stub his cigarette out against the stone façade of the building. “Seriously, Toni?”
Now, Steve was an honest man, just as his mother had raised him. His father would swear up and down that the truth was the best and only form of currency. And if his father’s wisdom wasn’t enough inspiration, Steve could always count on getting his father’s belt to help knock the lesson into him. But Steve was with a different crowd tonight; the people at this party, most importantly the Starks, played by different rules. This may be his one and only chance with Howard, and if he had to lie in order to keep his interest? Then Steve would do it. He needed this deal.
Tony’s palms slid slowly over the cool metal of the prototype, fingers nitpicking at each wire before he finally slid the programming panel shut. He couldn’t believe he had finished building his first weapon, just for it to go to some crazed, power-bent man. He sighed, eyes skimming over his detailed working before lifting it, a soft sound of admiration escaping from his throat.
Natasha was quiet for a long moment, slowing to a stop at a red light and flicking on the turn signal. “Then we will cross that bridge if we come to it.” Because Natasha was never one to sugarcoat things, and Steve would normally appreciate that mentality if it didn’t piss him off so much in this instance. He didn’t want rational answers, he wanted blind reassurance. As if reading his mind, she finally amended her assessment with a “But there will be hell to pay if that does happen.”
Tony pressed a hand over his mouth to stop a sob from leaving his lips as he reached up, checking for the fifth time if the door was locked. It was. “You forgot my birthday, and missed my party to visit Peggy in a retirement home,” Tony snapped, the name tasting bitter.
It was Friday, four days after the incident, and Tony decided to take it upon himself to do the grocery shopping for the week. Which usually meant Tony would return home with two bags filled with coffee and two bags filled with junk food. If he left the shopping to Clint, his brother would get nothing but fruits and all that other healthy stuff Tony refused to touch.
Bruce learns a bit more about Clint and Tony's relationship while Tony and Bucky try to contact the others.
It was nearing one in the afternoon by the time Toni arrived at Steve’s office. She was surprised that she had been allowed through the front gates at all, seeing as the plates on her car probably weren’t registered in the guards’ books and, without riding in one of her father’s vehicles with his drivers, it was clear she was here on her own business. The guards had only glanced at her ID and had a short conversation on the phone before nodding her along, which most likely meant Steve allowed her arrival. Her suspicion was confirmed when even Sharon didn’t make any protest against Toni’s beeline for Steve’s office door.
“You’re honestly telling me you think my father was behind whatever happened to Bucky?” Toni asked, pinching the bridge of her nose as she tried to wrap her head around the absurdity of the claim. “Why? How do you even know Barnes was in that SUV? Plenty of shady people were at that benefit; that unmarked car could been there for a number of reasons.”
Clint nodded, face buried in Bruce’s shoulder as he sniffled. “I can’t lose that kid, Bruce. Tony’s all I have left."
“Make sure the contracts are finished, Barnes. I will see you tonight at the benefit,” Toni pushed through the front door, descending down the front walk towards the waiting car in the driveway.
Bucky was quick on his heels. “Jesus, hold on a second,” he ordered, catching Steve’s arm and dragging him to a mirror on the hallway wall. “You look like you just had a fit. And considering the fact that you
"Great. And with your new assistant, I hope your work will be done fast." Obadiah smiled. “I’ll have lunch sent in." He smiled, moving towards the door. “I expect great things from you two!"
A moment of silence passed between them before the door opened and Bucky was there, smiling. “Dinner’s ready,” he announced.
“Whoa, calm down, Princess,” Steve huffed, moving to the fridge. “I just came in for a drink myself.”
Tony shivered at the feeling of Donovan’s chest to his back, fingers pausing in their work as he leaned away. “Obadiah’s weapon. Isn’t it obvious?" Tony snapped, hoping to discourage any more contact.
Tony was cut off as Bucky yanked him into a brief, thankful kiss. “You built me a whole new arm? Nobody told me what a genius you were!" Bucky exclaimed. “I…I was expecting having to live without one but…but you gave me back what I lost. Thanks, kid," Bucky huffed and tugged him into a tight hug.
Steve sent a rough punch into Loki’s face, knocking him out before turning to Bruce. “Get our friend on the first boat to Europe. No money. Nothing but the clothes he has. If I ever see him in
Bucky was already reaching past her, grabbing the backpack she had stolen that must have landed close by in the fall. Steve gave her dark curls another reassuring pet before he took his knife from her pocket and turned to dispose of the hunter that had caused her fall. “What do you need me to do, Buck?”
Tony suppressed a shiver at his eerily calm voice, eyes narrowing as he nodded slowly. "Fine," he spat out.
Bucky glanced over Toni’s head, finding the blonde at the other end of the aisle with two water bottle packs in his cart. Bucky nodded once, glancing down and offering Toni a small smile. “Yeah. Yeah, we’re good.”
The man nodded shakily and Steve shoved him away, watching the mugger take off down the sidewalk before turning to Tony and offering him a hand to help him up. Tony’s eyes narrowed as he ignored Steve’s hand and stood on his own, brushing himself off and tucking his wallet back into his pocket. “I didn’t need your help,” Tony snapped.
"You mean you actually wanna go through with it? It'll more than likely kill him." Bruce was chewing the sleeve of his lab coat, deep in thought, considering all the options.
Tony found himself shifting closer to him. "No. Not at all. I can't take a bath after what happened to me. And you see how into bathrooms I am just based on the ostentatiousness of your own." It was ostentatious. It was 200 square feet of white marble and glass, bigger than some New York apartments. It had an inset tub and Cascade shower, the sink was one of those motion sensor things made of matching marble. There was also as promised a soaking tub one could sit in submerged up to their neck. One wall was solid one-way glass that looked out over the city.
On his best days he was held together by tenuous fibers that linked the present to his past. Being back in New York grounded him more than he could even know. Doing normal things, take a bath, eat a sandwich, read.
Peter's panting breath was visible in little clouds of condensation on the chill winter air. "Please-- aah ow, Bucky!" He groaned out, pulling back slightly from Bucky's touch.
Howard's eyes flew open and he tensed when Steve slid a finger between his cheeks, not penetrating, just teasing the tightly puckered flesh. "Mhh." Howard whined.
"You want my cock, Stark?" He growled, sending a shudder of pleasure through Tony- that forceful tone, it was thrilling--- but hearing Captain America speak like that, god, it did something to Tony.
"You got it." One of the huge windows flickered into an HD feed of Bucky sitting on the couch eating a sandwich. He was flipping through a book he'd read a dozen times. Even alone the man looked tense.
"W-were you about to have a flashback? Where you were captive again?" There was so much resigned understanding in Tony's voice that it made Bucky's heart ache all the more. He slowly nodded, burying his face in Tony's neck. He understood. Tony understood him.
Thor didn't seem to mind his lack of limbs or the weird smell that came from his hair due to the chemical rinse he'd used thus far instead of a proper shower.
Bucky hadn't considered a replacement, hell he was just trying to come to terms with the loss of the limb.  "I don't know." He replied softly. "You've designed one already haven't you?" A smiled pulled the corner of his lips, it felt foreign.
" Bucky's fist came down on end table to his right, cracking it in two. "What am I Steve?! And what did I do so bad in my life that I keep falling into these situations? First I'm Hydra's puppet now I'm a Stark Industries science project?!"
He sighed contentedly and rearranged himself properly. It had been too long since he'd done that on his own.
It didn't look good for Bucky. He was decidedly naked, though the sheet was wrapped several times around him.
"I-- i kn-know." Bucky was trying to lift the steel with his Vibranium arm.  "J-just finish it." He lay back amid the debris panting and staring up at Tony.
"Steve one day I'm going to want to really talk about what happened with Hydra. I kn. . . I know you have seen footage and read files but that was all from outside my head." He found himself being pulled to Steve's chest as he crushed him in a hug.
He pulled off with a slick pop and gave Tony a taste of his own medicine, shoving a cum-coated tongue into his mouth.
He started to say something smart, bratty even, but stopped himself and simply nodded. "Yes, Captain." He groaned.
The Super Soldier could feel Stark's fluids dripping slowly out. He was relieved when the towel passed over first his chin, chest then abdomen. When Stark finished cleaning Steve up, he lay close to his side.
"Mr Stark." Steve tried sounding cordial in spite of his surprise. He took Howard's proffered hand and shook it. "I didn't --"
Bucky ended up giving Steve some pretty phenomenal head in the shower. Bucky loved watching Steve fall apart for him.
had changed so much and it was reacting to this stimulus in new and thrilling ways. Ways that were still revealing themselves to Steve.
"They afraid I'm gonna off myself like that too?" He furrowed his brow and bit his lip as he began to feel a hot prickle behind eyes.
Steve sat on the vacant bed and tilted Tony's chin up, making him meet those painfully blue eyes. When had he grown a beard?
God, Tony. He should have be with him right now but Bucky. . . Well. Steve sat back up and actually got to his feet this time. He hears the toilet flush and decides now was the time to quietly slip out.
Tony was practically trembling as he reached back and slid a finger into himself--- he hadn't done this in a while, it made him feel like a horny teenager.
The heavy boots echoed as the guard circled him. The weapon crackled to life then came down across his back. It was held there til Bucky convulsed limply on the floor.
That very same brain nearly whited out when he was given the first couple of inches. He arched against Steve, feeling his muscles rippling through the flexible fabric of his suit. His arms went around Steve, both panting harshly as they waited for Tony to adjust.
"I thought of you when I crashed the plane. I was talking to Peggy but I just kept thinking about you. About how I really didn't much mind leaving in a world without you in it." Steve blurted out, having never voiced this out loud before.
Steve watched as he disappeared behind a shipping container then turned when he felt Tony's hand on his forearm.
Instead of resting his cheek on a comfortable knee, he was kneeling on a strip of wood full of tacks.
It took him longer to find his way out of the mansion than he'd have liked but soon he found the pristine pebble pathway and breathed a sigh of relief. He followed it back to the front of the house and sure enough Jarvis was standing beside a sleek black car.
Slowly, slowly he eased himself into the water. The temperature felt different on the severed stump of his leg. The water felt hotter there but not overly so.
Steve pushed Tony against the closest wall, claiming his mouth more hungrily now that it wasn't framed in metal. Steve loved that out of the suit, Tony was quite slight in his build. He had muscle, sure, but it was the lean and tightly coiled kind. He was shorter too, even after all these years of being over six foot someone smaller than him gave Steve a huge thrill.
Their next kiss was a heated thing, accentuated by the unconscious rolling of their hips. It was all teeth on lips and heated groans.
"Mornin' doll." Came an alert but muffled sounding voice from beside him. He shifted, so he could regard Howard Stark.
"Right, so, Snow White," Tony stepped to the side of the table he and Bruce were at and pulled a sheet from over the objects there. "I've been up all night, as usual, but I came straight here when I had this breakthrough." Tony gestured to both the gleaming arm Bucky had already looked at with the addition of a metallic leg that looked like it was also made of Vibranium.
He sank to his knees before Bucky and fumbled with the button on the overly tight jeans he wore. "Tony pick these out, Buck?"
He practically moaned as he slid down into the water. He slid all the way down til his head was under then scooted back up.
"M-morning, Bucky." He said groggily, rubbing sleep from his eyes. His hair stuck out in all directions and his clothes were a mess. One shoe was missing.
Steve stood up quickly, shoving his softening cock back inside his pants as he did so. He stood so that he partially obscured the prone, naked man behind him.
When his tongue slipped inside, Tony brought his hand to cover his own mouth, trying to stifle the needy sound he made.
A string of cursed and pretty moans were in constant supply from his lips as Steve did indeed fuck him.
"How fucking dare you!" Tony yelled out, his voice slightly hitching. "It's not like you just met me at some random bar and said.
First they had had to graft in a fine Vibranium mesh to build anchor points on. That wasn't even the hard part. Bucky nearly flatlined every time they touched one of the nerve or muscle connections that Hydra had put into him they hadn't wanted to connect up properly with their modifications.
"I fucked up, Cap." Tony couldn't look up at him, just stare at the stripes that ran along the abdomen of the uniform. "I fucked up so bad I don't think I'm gonna bounce back from it."
Tony, trying not to let the implications of what he'd just done wash over him, let out a nervous laugh. "Side effect. It won't go away." Was his vague explanation.
"Just take it easy until the shoulder heals. Don't wanna go ripping anything." Tony instantly regretted his words as Bucky paled. "Get some rest, Buck. I'll come check up on you in the morning."
Bucky's forced smile softened into something more genuine. " 'fraid I'm retired from the whole 'sargent' gig, Rogers." He pushed the bowl of fruit that was the centerpiece of the table in Steve's direction. The ready availability of food was a new thing to Bucky. The abundance, the flavors, the variety. Those things were unheard of when he and Steve were young.
Steve reluctantly parted lips with Tony, scraping his perfect teeth over the lower one as he did so, catching it just enough to make Tony yelp out a moan. He smirked as he kissed a trail from Stark's lips down his neck, leaving more purple bruises in his wake.
Steve pressed his lips to Tony's neck and both men tried not to acknowledge the shiver that went through Tony's body.
Cap became frustrated and pushed Tony down against the concrete, sinking down to his knees along with him. Steve's dick was throbbing, he knew he had to slow this down, take at least a little time.
He was constantly giving small food gifts to the few people he'd befriended. Steve was no different in that regard. But then again Bucky had always tried keeping Steve healthy, spending money they didn't really have to try to get some nutrition into him.
Steve's arms wrapped around him tightly, drawing him in closer. He hadn't realized how much he was starved for affection.
"Serum doesn't regrow limbs." He stated almost automatically. "My arm was crushed. My . . . The metal one."
"Because you didn't give a damn who I was. Didn't try to lick my boots. You also didn't try to coddle me. You showed me things about the world I woke up in, gave me shit about it, but still showed me. Hell. . ." He lay back and passed a hand over his face, blood and pain be damned. "You were the first person to force some food into my mouth that wasn't, wasn't-- hotdogs! Or pasta and peas! Or goddamn eggs!" He rattled off the list of vaguely Great Depression era sounding foods that Steve had grown up with.
Steve was at a loss for what to say to Tony. Maybe he should just wait for him to talk. Maybe he should try and hold him, mayb--
"Tony?" He called, pulling the other man from his thoughts. Stark now held a mostly assembled mechanical hand in his own.
Tony was still sitting in the dark room when Steve arrived. He was sitting hunched over with his head in his hands, fingers knotted in his hair.
He pulled a file from between the cushions and thumbed through it. "Mhmm. See here" he pointed to a line in the wall of text but all Steve could make out was "Painful excess of energy" before Howard flipped the page.
Something dangerously tugged at the edges of his mind so he dropped it and focused instead on washing.
Steve's lips parted against Tony's neck, teeth gently grazed the flesh that was becoming heated under his lips.
Tony snapped to attention as the lab door slid open and Obadiah strode in, smiling brightly to Tony. "Good afternoon, Anthony," he said brightly, setting down a plate beside Tony consisting of a chicken sandwich.
“I have lunch with Rhodey. That’s the only thing I’m concerned with today and that’s how I like it,” Toni declared, tucking her lipstick back into her bag. “Dad will say something and from there, it’s all up to Rogers.”
Clint shrugged him off, turning to glare at him. “He shouldn’t have been taken in the first place. This was the exact type of thing I was trying to protect him from!"
"We’ll ask him later. For now, start breakfast," Steve sighed, watching as Clint moved off to the door. “And wash your hands!"
Toni watched in confusion as the two men grinned at one another and shook hands, Ty moving to retrieve a second beer for the man. “I wasn’t aware you two actually knew one another.” She had been with the two all three occasions that they actually met, and those were hardly anything beyond pleasantries.
“Anyone can be little to you, big guy,” Tony huffed, making a strangled noise as Thor practically dragged Tony from his chair and hugged him tightly.
“We’re running out of time,” Steve responds, matter-of-factly. “The more time we waste grappling for information, the more time Bucky is stuck with whoever took him. The more time they have to harm him, to kill him. I can’t… I can’t keep sitting on my hands here, Nat. I don’t want to blame Howard, and I know I have no basis for it. But I need to do
Loki gave Tony a look as he moved the rest of the dishes over for Tony to clean off. “Do you think they would need someone with drug and poison expertise during a fire fight?” He asked, sarcastically, grabbing two mugs from the cabinet. “Coffee?” he asked, grabbing the pot and filling the mugs.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Look, it’s almost night so we have to find shelter anyways. We find a place, stay the night. Then we’ll see when she wakes up and decide what to do with her.”
“Even if I was able to convince Howard to take me on as a partner, he’d have to actually agree to meet with me first. And his waitlist is… what? Two years out? I’d never be able to meet with him and strike a deal so last minute,” Steve muttered, waving his hand dismissively.
A struggled breath escaped Obadiah as he rolled onto his back, but a shot from Bucky's handgun quickly silenced it. "That I did," the brunette laughed.
“Today?” Ty said incredulously, pinching the bridge of his nose and taking a breath. “That’s a bit short notice, don’t you think?”
“What? I’ll have you know my mother thinks I’m a catch and you’re lucky to have me. She just said so on the phone, so there,” came Ty’s chipper retort over the sound of the faucet running again.
"You still fucking lied to me, Clint!" Tony snapped angrily. "You could've told me about all of this, I-"
“Maybe I will,” Toni huffed, glancing over as Bucky stepped out of the aisle beside her, a board game in hand. “Is that…Monopoly? Where the hell did you find that?”
Toni smiled a bit wider, something more genuine than the predatory, fake smile Steve had grown accustomed to. “I was a fan of yours, Dr. Banner, before and after the fundraiser. You do amazing work for the hospital, of course, but your private research is very interesting in itself. I particularly enjoyed the paper you published on anti-electron collisions.”
"He’s only twenty, Steve. You’re five years old than him," Clint hissed, eyes narrowed. "You can’t just take advantage of him!"
The guilt disappeared from Steve’s face, replaced by a defensive fire burning in his blue eyes as he stood to match her position. “I think I did you a favor. Your father loves me and my ideas.”
Steve pulled the car to a stop outside of the factory's main entrance, smiling as the two guards barely had time to lift their heads before Thor leaned out the window and put a bullet between their eyes. "Good aim, Thor." Steve praised as he stepped out of the car and adjusted his vest, taking a loaded magazine from his back pocket and jabbing it into his assault rifle.
"My…my neck?" Tony stammered under the cool gaze, looking up. “I just fell asleep in the lab. I can get a bit dedicated to my work."
“Then let’s skip the making out and really have fun,” Bucky teased, though he planted a kiss to Steve’s haw and stepped away. “We won’t get any free time now, thanks to her.”
“You’d like him, Tony.” Clint commented as he sat down with his own plate of pancakes. “Into all the science and tech crap you like.”
“And if Steve’s unable to save Barnes- if the trash is even still alive- then we’ll know he’s not worthy of your father’s guidance,” Ty chirped, smiling wider as he leaned his head back to its original position and covered his eyes with his forearm.
The tension in Toni’s shoulders relaxed marginally, and Bucky had the feeling she found his intrusion more welcome than anyone else’s. She straightened and turned on the stool, watching Bucky approach the bar with a small smile. “It takes very little to keep me going,” she joked.
Steve blinked, glancing back over his shoulder to scan the crowd. Toni stood in a quiet corner, conversing quietly with a pretty, redheaded woman with a notepad. “I’m sorry?”
Bucky stopped beside the girl, but his hand stretched out to her in gentle offering rather than coercion. Toni glowered at his palm, before she finally clasped her hand around his fingers and used the grip to heft herself up. She didn’t thank him, but she did shift on her feet a moment before huffing. “Fine,” she muttered, slender arm curling around his shoulders while Bucky bent down enough to wrap an arm under her knee and heft her up. “But only because I want to get out of the rain, not because I want your help.”
Steve tensed and turned to glare at the redhead. “Eleven? You let me sleep all night? Nat, I have serious work to do.”
By dinner time, Steve was finished with his paperwork, moving into the kitchen and finding five plates of spaghetti placed around the table. “Clint, did I ever tell you how much I love when you stay over?” He grinned.
Bucky nodded once. “It’s a closed fracture, which means the bone hasn’t broken skin. But the bone is definitely displaced, I can feel it. I should be able to reset it.”
Tony huffed as he was pushed onto the roof of the manor where a helicopter was waiting to take off, blades spinning idly. Obadiah's hand was clamped tightly over his shoulder to keep him in line. "Where are we going?" He snapped to the older man, watching the sick grin that stretched over his face.
I know, I know, I know. It's been a while. In my defense, I had the hardest time finding the motivation to write this chapter. And I don't know why! I had it all planned out and ready, it was just a matter of putting ideas to words. Anyways, here's the new chapter, slightly longer than usual as a thank you to all those who have been waiting patiently!
If her father was a part of this, what would he do if he found Toni aiding Bucky? But that was just the long term issue; what the hell was she going to do now? Help Bucky escape? They’d have to make it past two men who seemed intent on keeping the brunet man captive. Raza, who was a trained guard hired by Obadiah to head up his security, and Ty, her fiancé. Her
All at once, Toni realized the significance of what she was hearing. Steve purposefully missed his meeting with Howard, not because he lost track of time of because of pride, but because Howard was a suspect. Howard was Steve’s only suspect. “I can’t be hearing this.”
“Eleven,” she hummed in response, moving to the balcony and unlatching the doors. The bird songs were even louder now, and leftover rain dripped from the leaves on the tree outside.
She choked on the words again and Rhodey drew her back into his chest, pressing his forehead against her temple and rocking her slowly. “I’m so sorry this happened. I wish I could have protected you from it,” he soothed quietly, hand smoothing up and down her back. “I’m so sorry, baby girl.”
“Why? So Rogers can continuously postpone the meeting in order to avoid me? Where’s the fun in it if I can’t come by for a surprise visit and torment him?” Toni chirped, before giving the woman a look. “I’m kidding. Before you get all prickly, I’m here for a purpose. Contracts to deliver and what not. Trust me, I wouldn’t be here if my own accord.”
“No, turn it around and head for the docks. Gossip thrives there and maybe we’ll catch something,” Steve ordered with a stubborn set to his jaw. “I refuse to go home until I make sure we’ve talked to every one of our leads. I don’t care about the paperwork or the meetings, I care about my friend. And when it comes down to it, the guys working for me follow me because they know I’d have their back in any situation. I would drop everything to protect my own and that’s exactly what I’m going to do now.”
“That’s because she didn’t,” Toni cut her off, waving a hand dismissively as she passed the secretary’s desk. “But it is always a pleasure to see you, Sharon. Is your boss in?”
Bucky shook his head, holding onto Clint as he watched Natasha drop from the vent. "Grenade damaged it. Had to amputate," Bucky grunted as he straightened. "Tony built me a new one. You're brother's a genius."
"No problem, Steve. Like I said, just eat and sleep," Bucky called as he moved out the front door to his car, checking the ammo of his handgun before pulling out onto the street.
“Did you work your contacts at the old club? Did anyone hear about Bucky?” Steve scowled, pointedly ignoring her requests.
Clint sighed as the coffee maker beeped, standing and fixing three mugs of coffee, handing one to Steve and Tony before sipping his own. "One night, I was walking home from my shift at the factory and I was jumped by a couple of guys. Steve showed up and saved my ass, even offered me a job. It's because of him that we have a roof over our head, Tony." He snapped.
Tony huffed, standing and slowly beginning to clear the table. “Why aren’t you going?” Tony asked, glancing to Loki while he tossed Bucky’s half eaten burger in the trash before sliding his plate into the dishwasher.
Clint didn’t need to be told twice as he lifted himself onto the wall, sliding his bow off his arm and inserting an arrow. “Switching to thermal. Watch my six,” he murmured, looking down the wall to his left and peering through his scope.
“Babe,” Toni began, watching Ty fuss with the bottles at the bar. “Pour me a little something? You know what I like. I’m going to use the restroom before we leave.”
Toni looked him over, eyes darting over Steve’s expression as if looking for even the smallest indication that he was lying. She opened her mouth to respond, finally, when the door opened again and Bucky came in. “Grab the water bottle from my bag,” he ordered, and Steve readily complied. He brought the bottle forward, with the last few sips of water inside. “I found a morphine tablet in the receptionist’s desk. Looks like the employees were dipping into the private stash.”
“Easier said than done,” Bucky scoffed. “I know it would avoid a lot of grief if I just followed Steve’s orders and stayed here. He’d feel less guilty and I’d be able to heal. I just can’t… I can’t stop thinking about the fact that those bastards are out there. The men who had every intention of using me and my death to tear this city apart still walk the fucking streets-“
“Jesus, can you stop brooding over there? I can practically feel your guilt from here,” Bucky snipped, and Steve finally met the man’s gaze. “You can’t blame yourself.”
Bucky stood in the door way, watching Tony as he set his laptop down carefully. “I’ll be happy to watch over the kid,” he smirked, voice still thick with sleep but the teasing tone was still distinguishable.
Ty leaned beside the window, staring down at the street below as Toni moved for the door. “Just get some sleep first. It’s four in the morning and you look like shit. You can call him at a more decent hour when you wake up.”
“Sounds like Steve,” Bucky admitted. “Whatever he might have did or said… He just cares about his own very strongly. He doesn’t think straight in those situations, so don’t let anything he did get to you-“
The boss huffed, glaring to Donovan. “As far as I’m concerned, Stark is an enemy and do we trust what our enemies’ tell us?” He waited for Donovan to shake his head before continuing. “No, we don’t. And now, I’ve lost one agent, all for you to bring me back a pathetic flashdrive.”
“Rogers, great to see you again. I was just telling Howard this morning how great our meeting went yesterday,” Ty assured, shaking Steve’s hand with almost too much vigor before releasing it in favor of wrapping the limb back around Toni’s waist. “I assured him we’d make wonderful partners in the future.”
is what Toni's birthday dress is modeled off of! Complete with a link to one of my side tumblrs made for this very purpose!
Howard, either tactfully overlooking or blissfully ignorant to the tension in the air, straightened his tie and leveled his dark gaze on the bar in the far corner. “I’ve actually been meaning to talk to you about this issue I heard you’re having with one of your managers.” Steve inwardly cringed like a scolded boy, because
"Thank you, sir," Tony murmured, slowly taking a bit of his sandwich and watch the mob boss closely. Since when was his lunch delivered?
Natasha shifted in her chair, and Steve could practically feel her eyes roll. “And that’s all it is, a hunch. Stark has been nothing but good to you and your business. He actually seems invested in your life, and I would even go as far as to say he views you as a son. You can’t afford to turn on him.”
Clint groaned and stood, pacing the kitchen. "I told you, Steve, my brother is a genius. He designs computer programs and things like cars, computers and...weapons." Clint groaned again, punching the wall. "Fuck! He was complaining about his stupid flashdrive going missing after the break in and...and..."
Clint moved around the house, shoving his clothes into his bag while Tony sat at the bottom of the stairs, staring forward. His hands were still shaking slightly, and he was desperately trying to get a hold of the situation. That man had broke into his house and practically assaulted all just to know what he was doing for Steve. Who had sent that guy? And why was he taking such an interest in Tony?
Steve shoved the front door open, eyes wide and frantic as he moved quickly down the hallway to the lab. Stepping in, he found Natasha crouching beside Bruce and Phil, helping them sip up. “What the hell happened?" Steve cried, immediately moving and helping Phil stand, looking over the man.
Clint gave Natasha a brief nod, turning to face the group. “Rhodey, you and Dugan should go through our stored weapons. Create packs for each of the groups to take. Bruce,” Clint said, turning a soft look on the doctor. “Pack all the medical supplies you’ll need.”
Steve stood slowly, hands raised in surrender. “Listen, I really meant to talk to you about it first, but I was so caught up on having Tony back that…well, things happened.”
In that moment, Toni made a choice. Because if this was the business her father was going to be in, stabbing friends and partners in the back like this, she wanted no part in it.
Ty was quiet for a brief moment, before he shrugged. “If that’s what you’d like, I wouldn’t be opposed to it. Stane is a good man, and I’d like to know him better. We’ll have Pepper set something up.”
So it has officially been about four years since I've posted a story, and it's not for a lack of trying! I know I've written a Mob AU before, but this story is completely different and in no way related (but hopefully better written!) . This story just happened to be the most developed in my stash of planned AUs and other works. I wanted to try my hand at writing a Female Tony, as well as a Stuckony story line, so here we go!
“Ignore her,” Ty waved a hand dismissively, shark-like grin still in place. “This meeting is about you and me. I mean, we may be business partners one day.”
Bruce’s grip on Clint tightened briefly before he took over typing, fingers moving faster than Clint’s from practice.
Steve’s blue eyes landed on her coolly, barely contained rage visible in his tense muscles and clenched jaw. He finally leaned closer, eyes narrowed on her. “Somebody grabbed Bucky. He’s
Two men occupied the room. Steve stood with his back to Toni, looming before his office window overlooking the gardens. His hands were folded behind his back, broad shoulders tense in an unmistakable way that betrayed his anger. On the other side of the desk, sat between her and the blonde, was a thin, red headed man. He had his back to her as well, and though Toni couldn’t see his face, she was sure he was watching Steve intently. His nervousness was conveyed in the jittering bounce of his right leg.
“Actually, I asked you to dance so that I could wish you a happy birthday,” Steve assured, lifting her back upright and smiling widely. “How does it feel to finally be able to buy alcohol, gamble, and get into nightclubs?”
I scared him. I know the situation was shitty and could have turned way worse real quick,” Bucky muttered. “And I know the guilt is just killing him but I… It’s stupid, but I feel guilty myself for letting myself get taken, for being Steve’s weakness.”
When he was good, he moved out of the door into the empty marble hallway, distinctly aware of the smell of pancakes filling the air. He found it strange that where ever he was, he wasn’t guarded. As if he could go anywhere. The last thing he remembered was eating dinner. So how the Hell did that end with him being in an unknown place? Following the smell of pancakes and the directing servants, Tony slowly walked into a large dining room.
“Cut away her t-shirt- no, stop blushing, now’s not the time- cut it so we have the extra cloth,” Bucky ordered, standing from her side. “Cut a strip of it and wet it in the stream. Keep her cool and calm while I get what I need.”
"We’ll strike tomorrow at eight." Steve’s voice cut through the conversations like a knife as he strode into the basement, blue eyes ablaze with fury.
Steve grabbed the offending hand easily and flipped him over his shoulder, watching him land with a groan. “Don't worry, I’d never hurt a princess,” he snickered, taking a step back.
“I was thinking this afternoon.” Toni had to strike quickly, just in case bad things were planned that might only grow worse with inaction.
“Just tell the kid about your real job and you wouldn’t have to worry about hiding this all from him.”
Bucky still looked lost as he watched Tony’s thumb slide down the lists of codes. “Well what will that do for us?" Bucky asked, leaning over Tony’s shoulder.
“If I don’t kill him first,” Steve muttered, combing a hand through his blond locks to smooth them back before he turned back towards Bucky. “I’ll handle them. Go one ahead and start checking the shipments at the warehouse. I have a feeling the manager has been taking a little off the top to sell himself.”
"Wha-- n-no I'm sp-spiderman." He reached out his hand to shake and Bucky grasped his small flesh hand in warmish metal fingers.
After a moment of silently sharing one another's company, Bucky bit his lip and brought up something Tony had mentioned. Well, more than mentioned, they'd discussed it and nauseum for a day.
Steve swallowed hard and tried to focus. He had to ground himself, force himself to not rip his clothes off and just take Bucky as he pleased. Instead he trailed his spit-coated finger between the cleft of Bucky's ass.
Just as Bucky was letting himself get lost in this memory, the scene pitched so violently he wasn't surprised to be on his knees, vomiting.
Steve paused before slipping his finger back where it was, circling and sliding over Howard's entrance. This time when he started to push it inside Stark only whimpered and let him.
"I love you too, punk." Bucky leaned in and lightly kissed Steve's forehead. "Baby steps though. I want to learn you all over again. We've both changed a lot."
Howard lit his cigarette on a pencil thin lighter that produced a perfect tiny blue flame. "What are ya, daffy? I've had stacks of paperwork that'd bury lesser men. Couldn't afford any social calls, you see." He blew a smoke ring and Steve instinctively sidestepped it.
Bucky and Steve had yet to have their sit down talk but Tony said he was working on it. Bucky trusted him.
Bucky's eyes were squeezed closed, nobody had ever pushed his mind like this, asked him to try and remember painful things. Or, what people thought were painful. They were just blanks for Bucky. Little black voids, but they were voids he knew he should have attachment to, emotions connecting them all together in the map of his life.
