Breakfast was a simple routine that did wonders for calming Sherlock back down. As always, John sat in his chair, Sherlock kneeling by his feet, and hand fed him strawberries dipped in cream and drizzled in honey, and leftover bits of the banana cake that Mrs Hudson had made. Sherlock relaxed into the caretaking, his arousal settling back into a low, background hum. When they’d both eaten their fill, John let his fingers rest in Sherlock’s mouth, watching the sub intently as Sherlock licked the sweetness from John’s skin.
So- today is not a good day. I don't think there's anyone reading this who doesn't know why. Hang in there, guys. There's not much I can do, halfway around the world. But I made doubly sure to post a chapter today, and I hope that it's enough to take you away from all this for at least five minutes. And if any of you need someone to talk to, if things get a bit much and you need a distraction, or anything like that, you can always message me on tumblr @aeroplanesrock.
Sherlock groaned softly as the ridged sound worked its way out of his slit, his softening cock oversensitive from his powerful orgasm. John leaned down to kiss Sherlock on the nose, his smiling face coming into view as he took off Sherlock’s blindfold.
A funny thing I noticed, when I was editing this chapter...I tend to forget to capitalise Mary's name, whereas I keep accidentally typing 'John' like this: JOhn. Hmm...wonder what that says about me.
“God, I love making you make that face.” John groaned. Sherlock’s only response was to bury his face in John’s neck with a whimper, hands grasping at John’s shoulders as John pounded into him.
Luckily for Magnussen, Sherlock was no Ice Man. He was not cold, or ruthless. He was a man with deep insecurities, a man desperately in love. He was, to put it simply, easy prey. Magnussen dug around in Sherlock’s connections. He discovered Mary Watson’s deliciously dirty past, and almost got shot in his own office. A stand off, about to end very messily for him indeed, took a sudden turn for the better. Sherlock Holmes took a bullet to the chest, and Mary Watson turned from unexpectedly feisty prey to unwitting ally.
Sherlock was frowning at him. “You’re still feeling the effects. That’s unusual. You must have some sort of susceptibility. You should go to bed. If you’re still feeling strangely in the morning, I know someone who can-”
Most of the world knew Mycroft Holmes as a cold man. He’d perfected his emotionless mask as a child, and wore it everywhere he went. In his work, he was ruthless in his decisions, with little regard for personal connection. It made him, ironically, a person who could be trusted. Conflict of interest was not an issue. He was a man who could make the sacrifices that needed to be made. Like, any man, though, he had his secrets; big ones, even; secrets big enough to be used against a man who seemed as unshakable as the ground itself. Earthquakes were, after all, not impossible. Naturally, secrets like that were bound to fall into the wrong hands; the hands of one Charles Augustus Magnussen, for example.
The flogger was perfect for this. They’d discovered that different implements were good for different things. The riding crop was a warm up, the light sting just enough to get Sherlock excited. The whip was for more intense pain play. The flogger had a more spread out impact, landing on Sherlock’s skin with a heavy thud that was almost relaxing.
Sherlock was pleased to have so smoothly gotten over the hump that was interacting directly with John’s cock. Unfortunately, this did not mean that the rest of their sexual life immediately fell into line. He was somewhat apprehensive about John touching him in return, and while John showed no impatience, Sherlock himself was fairly aching with desire. Each time he finished John he felt his own genitals throbbing in sympathy, and yet, each time John offered to return the favour, Sherlock turned him down. He had no idea how he’d react to John touching him there; he himself only did so to clean himself. Sherlock supposed he ought to rectify that, before starting anything with John. While he hated that he was keeping John waiting, he was wary of the possibility that he might start something that he would not be able to finish, leaving John hanging halfway through. Of course, John would be as wonderfully patient about it as he had been about everything else, but that was the point; Sherlock didn’t want him to have to be; so Sherlock had to be sure of himself before he let John touch him.
“That still doesn’t make sense. Why wouldn’t you tell me? Even more, why would you go through- all that- to keep that from me?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Then perhaps you should.” He rose from his chair, slinking gracefully towards John. “What you heard earlier was my truesong, my most powerful song. I need to be in my true form to produce it. But any song I produce has some power.”
John put his hand on Sherlock’s elbow, tugging him gently away from where he was glaring very intently at the ground.
John took a sip. The chocolate was wonderful - warm, smooth, creamy, and very, very chocolatey. He turned to smile at Sherlock. “No wonder you love Christmas so much. It’s got all your favourite things - sweet drinks, not having to get dressed…”
“Start with introducing yourself. Who you are, how you knew him. You can do a brief rundown of his life- whatever of it isn’t classified, obviously. Pick things that relate to your point. The reason you’re doing the eulogy is because you have a unique perspective of what he was like, being his only sibling. So you can make use of that, talk about what he was like as a child, or the side of him that other people didn’t get to see. Pick two or three characteristics you want to talk about. Something flattering, if you can. Tell stories that illustrate why you say that he was...whatever you’re saying. Then finish with something sentimental. The biggest way he’s impacted your life, or something you wish you’d said while you have the time, or something like that.”
Sherlock didn’t even want to think about spending the whole night with this man. He hoped he didn’t plan on staying over. There would be no way he’d get any sleep with Magnussen in his bed. Possibly because he’d kill him in his sleep. Sherlock lost himself in the fantasy, allowing his body to continue on autopilot.
“I’m so glad he has you. I was so afraid he would end up like Mycroft, you know. Not that there’s anything wrong with how Mycroft was, but Sherlock isn’t like him. He’s not happy alone.” She continued.
Cheesy ending, I know. Sorry. And yes! This fic is finished! But not to worry, that's just because I felt that the story I had planned needed to be divided into two parts. So as you can see, this has been made into a series, and the next fic will pick up right where we left off. I'll post it soon, so please do subscribe. Thanks to everyone who's stuck with me all his way! You've really been lovely and encouraging! Hope to continue to see you around.
“This isn’t really- I’m not trying to make excuses for what I said, because there are none. I shouldn’t have. But I guess I should explain why that came out. We’ve had a pretty good run of things, we’ve been this -us- for a while now, but-”
John released Sherlock’s hand and rolled onto his back, stretching with a jaw-cracking yawn, back to his fuzzy, sleepy morning self now that he’d satisfied himself as to Sherlock’s well-being. “Mmhmm. ‘M all yours.”
Sherlock’s grip on John’s left hand loosened slightly, and he opened his eyes, looking at John through a blurry film of tears. Blurry John smiled.
John’s voice was steady, even as tears gathered in his eyes. “That this isn’t enough for you anymore. Because I know I never really get as...intense as you like, and I won’t be able to provide you what you need now that the novelty has worn off.”
“You’re eating too.” John said, as though he could hear Sherlock’s thoughts. Sherlock frowned at him. “Yes you are, no arguments. State you’re in right now, there’s no way I’m letting you drive us home.”
“He knows that you were the one who shot me, though you were actually there to kill Magnussen. Possibly he’s also deduced that he had something on you, too, although I doubt he’s had time to think that far.” Sherlock had his hands in his pockets, looking far more relaxed now, though it was mostly a facade. Still, he seemed to have sensed that she had no immediate intentions of murdering either one of them.
The present exchange afterwards was even worse. First was Mr. Holmes’ gift to Mummy. For that, they all had to get up and wrap themselves in blankets and dressing gowns so they could traipse out to the shed, where Mr. Holmes had hidden - a motorcycle, of all things. Mummy beamed, throwing her arms around her husband’s neck. Mr. Holmes patted her on the back.
“Did you know that I can stimulate your prostate this way?” John’s voice floated through Sherlock’s consciousness as if from a distance. “Apparently it can be very intense. I just need to get deeper, right-
Blushing at John’s vaguely awestruck expression, Sherlock turned the vibrator on at a low setting and held it against himself.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed. “What about my cage?” Usually John helped him to put it back on after they finished a scene. He wore it pretty much constantly when they weren’t having sex.
Sherlock picked slowly at his food. He was hungry, but he kept getting distracted by watching John. He looked good. Sherlock hadn’t been lying, when he’d said that married life seemed to suit John. He’d put on weight, he looked well rested. Quite clearly, Mary was right. John deserved this happiness, no matter how painful it was for Sherlock. Sherlock drank in the sight of John, committing it to memory. He had hundreds of such mental images of John, accumulated over the years. Before John, he’d have thought such things frivolous clutter, things to be deleted. Now, he’d never delete any of them. Every single one was vitally important.
He deftly unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, running his fingers over the puckered divot on Sherlock’s torso with a look of intense interest. Sherlock stayed still, watching Magnussen with a strange sort of calm. He felt a distance to the situation, like he was watching it on a screen, or like he was underwater, everything muffled and slowed down. Magnussen picked up one of his hands, and it lay limply in his grasp, no longer a part of Sherlock’s body, just a puppet hand with no one but Magnussen around to control it. Magnussen unbuttoned his cuff, then lifted Sherlock’s hand to his mouth, kissing the palm, the sound of it soft yet audible in the screaming silence of the room. The sensation of Magnussen’s rough beard against Sherlock’s sensitive fingertips jerked Sherlock back to reality, and he shuddered, jerking his hand away. Suddenly everything became immediate, and real. He shut his eyes tight, trying to find his way back to that sheltered underwater place, but the sound of Magnussen’s quiet chuckle was loud in his ears, his breath hot against Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock smiled. He could hear the excitement in John’s voice, could guess at the little thrill he felt at the possibility of getting caught.
Sherlock kissed with careful deliberation, each one seeming meticulously premeditated and decided upon. John never initiated, but never refused; he quickly learned to recognise the look Sherlock got in his eyes when he was just about to kiss him, and John would smile and wait, head tipped back and lips parted slightly in eager anticipation of Sherlock’s own. Sherlock was quite pleased with this arrangement, though he never said anything about it. He felt a bit like he was wooing John, and though John made it quite clear that was hardly necessary, Sherlock liked it all the same. John deserved wooing, and it was likely no one else had ever bothered before.
“I don’t know what he did to you, other than what I saw, though I suppose I can guess the gist of it.” John said quietly. “I don’t want to misstep, but I feel like I’m fumbling in the dark.”
“I know.” Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, blocking it out. He couldn’t think about that now. He needed to get John to safety. “I’m going to change.
Shifting closer to Sherlock’s head, he shifted the blindfold to reveal Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock screwed his eyes shut tight- he felt like at this point any additional visual input would be completely overwhelming. John cradled Sherlock’s face in his hands, thumbs tracing those prominent cheekbones.
Once John was mostly awake, he was herded downstairs. The Holmes Parents were there, also in their pyjamas. John smiled at them. “Morning. Merry Christmas.”
“Wait.” Sherlock said quickly. “Don’t hang up.” He didn’t want to be left alone in this hotel room, not even knowing John would be there with him in person  in half an hour. “Talk to me?”
Cautiously, John reached out, taking Sherlock’s hand again. Sherlock exhaled slowly, lacing their fingers together. It felt, good, grounding, to have that simple touch, knowing there was no threat or expectation behind it.
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s shoulders, steering him out of the room. “Come on. I finally have you all to myself for a month and a half, and we have dinner reservations to celebrate, but first, we have to get home because I want to ride you.”
John had no idea how to answer that. What came next? There were a billion things they needed to address. John didn’t even know where to begin, and Sherlock seemed completely unwilling to talk about it. He sighed.
Sherlock’s current theory was that he was being married off to someone as part of some sick deal. It made sense- the photographs, evidence of the ‘goods’. Magnussen’s tests of how far he would go, preparing him for this moment, when he would sign away his freedom to someone he’d most likely never met. His stomach roiled at the thought. He’d be like a mail-order bride, forced to wait on a man who would probably be as horrible as Magnussen, raped as often as the man could get it up. He’d be taken away from London, maybe even away from England, trapped in some big country house where he would rot into madness while everyone searched for him.
After a few moments, Sherlock started to get impatient. He thrust his arse in the air, whining. John chuckled, slapping Sherlock’s pale, round arse.
John was still asleep beside him, although Sherlock could tell by John’s breathing that he wasn’t far from being awake himself. Sherlock decided to help him along a little. He swung one leg over John, straddling his lap. He leaned down and pressed his lips to John’s. He kept the kiss light at first, just feeling John’s warm, dry lips against his. When John remained annoyingly unresponsive, he switched it up a little, nipping and licking and nuzzling affectionately. Soon, John began to stir, arms instinctively wrapping around Sherlock and mouth moving with his even before he was properly awake.
John hummed thoughtfully. “Well. I’ll admit, marriage in itself holds no appeal for me in itself. When I married- When I got married for the first time, it was a terrible mistake. They’re not really memories I want to revisit. And now it’s pretty hard for me to view marriage as being this great ideal of a relationship. What we have, it’s so much better, even if we never went to have a party in a church. Even without that, being with you is the best and most meaningful relationship of my life, so it never felt necessary. Didn’t think it’s something you wanted, either.”
Sherlock’s voice turned hesitant, uncertain, and it made John ache. “I do.” He said firmly, leaning down to give Sherlock a salty kiss. He tugged Sherlock into his lap, threading one hand through Sherlock’s hair and wrapping the other around him. “I love you. And I’m sorry I doubted you.”
For nearly an hour, Sherlock worked his way through all of John’s favourite pieces. When he was done, John clapped long and loud. He got up, going over to Sherlock to wrap his arms around Sherlock’s neck and kiss him soundly.
“You’re right. There’s no twelve-step programme, we don’t have to do everything ‘in order’. We don’t have to do everything at all, just what you feel you want to and are comfortable with.” John said firmly.
Sherlock hesitated. “No.” He eyed John nervously, wondering if he would try to insist on being a gentleman.
While he heals, Lestrade refuses to let him in on cases, appeasing him with cold case files. He even enlists Molly’s help to get him interesting things to study. He turns up a couple of times a week, bearing a cooler box of some body part or other, several cold case files, and takeaway for the both of them. It becomes a nice sort of routine, picking over the Met’s stupid mistakes and enumerating them to Lestrade in between bites of garlic fried rice.
John wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s cock, stroking him, pushing him closer and closer to that long-awaited edge.
“A good man. Someone who can do something extraordinary, and uses it to help someone. My best friend. A man I’ve fallen in love with.”
Sherlock stared down at his lap, picking morosely at the lace hem of the dress that Magnussen had gotten him to wear. It had been over a decade since he’d last worn a dress. That had been for a case, where he’d had to infiltrate a feminist book club, of all things, and it had been an unmitigated disaster. It should have been fine, after all he’d lived as a female for more than half his life at that point. However, once out in public in a dress and without his binder for the first time in years, surrounded by overly friendly women who kept saying ‘his’ name, the wrong name, he’d panicked. He’d locked himself in the (wrong) bathroom for forty-five minutes, then, once he’d gotten it together, left early. He’d promised himself then that he’d never wear a dress ever again. No case was worth it.
“And is this what you wanted? You’ve been trying every slutty trick in the book for months, trying to get my cock in you. Is it as good as you hoped, in your little fantasies?”
Sherlock untangled himself from John’s sleepy grasp, getting out of bed. “John, stop that. Get up, you can have your lie-in some other day.”
John rolled his eyes, smiling fondly. “Well, glad to see you’re sleeping, at any rate. Here this one’s yours.” He set a bag on Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement, the heat from the food seeping through the blankets and warming his skin. John sat in his chair, opening the box with his own lunch. Sherlock turned on the telly, hoping that would distract John from noticing anything untoward.
The slight hint of alarm on Sherlock’s eyes told John all he needed to know, even as Sherlock denied it. “Of course not, John. How on earth did you jump to that conclusion? Don’t try to deduce, it’s just not working out for you.”
John hung up his coat and turned around, still ranting angrily. He halted when he didn’t see Sherlock where he’d expected him. He glanced down. Sherlock was on his knees, looking up at him with a contrite expression as his fingers swiftly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing a pale chest, John’s name emblazoned starkly across his left breast. Normally the sight filled John with warmth and affection. In this moment, though, it only fuelled his anger. He grasped Sherlock’s open collar, hauling him to his feet.
“Gorgeous.” John murmured. He ran his hand up Sherlock’s quivering abdomen, tweaking his nipples and playing with them until they hardened. Sherlock’s mouth fell open as he panted, a pink flush spreading across his chest. “My Sherlock. So beautiful.” He leaned down, pressing his lips to Sherlock’s sternum, right over where his own name was inscribed.
“Yeah.” Sherlock groaned. He wrapped his legs around John’s waist, hips rocking as he fucked himself on John’s cock.
John collapsed on top of Sherlock’s back, breathing heavily. After a few moments he got up, chuckling at Sherlock’s protesting whine as his warmth left the bed. He reached down, carding a hand through Sherlock’s thick curls.
“I don’t think I do.” John’s voice cut through his thoughts. “I- Yeah, I married her. But I didn’t -don’t- love her like I should. I-” He paused, taking a deep breath. “I fell in love with someone else long before we even met.”
“He’s so stubborn.” She said fondly to John once they were out of earshot. “Mycroft was, too. The pair of them were quite the handful. Then again, Siger says they get it from me, so I shouldn’t complain.”
Even after everything, Sherlock didn’t even consider not going. He was too deeply entrenched now. He did decide to leave his coat at home; better not to risk anything that might happen to it.
John lifted his gaze to Sherlock’s, holding it steadily. There was not much ambiguity there, either, not with the intensity in John’s gaze. Suddenly Sherlock found himself bitterly angry.
John huffed. “Well, I’ll do my best. I don’t know what good it will do, though. I have been trying, but he won’t tell me anything.”
John took the key he always kept with him out of his pocket, deftly unlocking the cage and carefully easing off Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock’s freed cock began to harden immediately, thickening and stiffening in John’s hand as Sherlock moaned in relief.
They were halfway through their meal when Sherlock abruptly stopped, putting his fork down. “Thank you, John.” He said sincerely. “I very much enjoyed myself today.”
“Well, you already know how pointless and arbitrary I find this particular celebration.” Sherlock murmured. “Though as I already plan to be spending the next year in various hotel rooms with you, perhaps there is an element of truth to it.”
Here it is! The long-awaited scene (or the beginning of it, anyway). Can you tell I don't generally write action? Haha hope it's not too disappointing.
Sherlock suspected the dry friction was starting to burn, and in the absence of any lubrication, he spat into his hand and tried again. It seemed somewhat disgusting, but judging from John’s low groan, he didn’t seem to mind.
Sherlock shuddered and sighed and fell silent, knowing there was no talking his way out of this. Magnussen had probably planned this, did it on purpose just to keep Sherlock off balance. It frustrated Sherlock to no end that it actually worked. Emotional leverage aside, Sherlock was still a genius, he should be able to predict stupidly simple power plays like this. Still Magnussen seemed to outwit him at every turn. Sherlock sagged miserably, bracing himself against the shower wall.
John blinked. “Um, yes. I mean, no! Uh, we haven’t discussed it. This is all...new. And I don’t think Sherlock would- Hey, wonder what they’re doing? We should go down.” He turned, practically fleeing down the stairs.
“Alright, alright.” He murmured, throwing one leg over Sherlock’s thighs. He lined up his cock, pressing into Sherlock with a groan. He began to work his hips, sliding in and out of Sherlock’s arse, kissing down his spine as pleasure coursed through him. It didn’t take long before he was rutting in earnest, doing his best at the same time to avoid overstimulating Sherlock’s prostate.
“It’s acceptable,” was all the praise Sherlock could bring himself to voice, but Mrs Hudson understood him all the same, patting his cheek before taking herself downstairs to let them rest.
“That would be the crying. We’ll stop at the next gas station and get you a bottle of mineral water.”
The pair came back in just as tea was ready. Mummy cupped her mug with both hands, smiling gratefully at John. “Thank you, dear. It’s terribly cold out.”
In spite of his trepidation of what was about to come and his discomfort with being in Magnussen’s home, Sherlock found it surprisingly good to finally shower. The warm, rushing water was soothing, and the unopened bottles of soap, shampoo, and conditioner were refreshingly scented. If he concentrated, he could almost pretend he was in a high end hotel, maybe for a case, funded by Mycroft of course, since they’d be doing it as a favour for him. They’d have just finished up, solved the murder, with the rest of day until the next morning to just relax. John would be outside, waiting for him to finish up in the shower so he could have his turn. When he came out John would snark at him for using up all the warm water, Sherlock would roll his eyes and tell him that, obviously, this wasn’t Baker Street with its tiny hot water heater, the pipes here were heated so he could take a shower for two hours if he wanted and they wouldn’t run out. John would love that, he liked his long, hot baths- Sherlock always made sure to bathe or shower at odd times so that John would have the full tank for evening bath. Sherlock smiled slightly to himself, thinking of the way John’s eyes would light up at the thought of endless hot water, how he'd look once he was done, wrapped up in a terry bathrobe, hair sticking up in damp tufts, fingertips deeply pruned from his long soak.
He kissed a trail down Sherlock’s neck and torso, the abrasion from his beard making Sherlock’s pale skin bloom an appealing pink.
It wasn’t a verbal ‘hello’ that Magnussen wanted. Sherlock didn’t bother prevaricating. He leaned in, giving the head a tentative lick. It tasted- neutral, somewhat bitter, but ultimately the taste was easy to ignore. Sherlock hesitated, unsure what he was doing. He’d seen this act in pornography, of course, he knew how it went. He was less sure of what to do when he was with someone he wasn’t particularly interested in pleasuring. The hand on his head nudged him slightly when he paused for too long, and he continued, licking a few more times before putting his mouth around it. It filled his mouth uncomfortably, poking at the back of his throat, and making him gag.
John set the photographs back on the table, face down. His eyes were blazing with anger. “Well, bollocks to your plan, Mycroft. This is beyond coaxing Sherlock into talking. This ends now. I won’t let it go on a moment longer.”
John nodded, glancing around. Spotting a sign for the taxi stand, he headed off towards it. When they were finally settled in a hotel, Sherlock flopped on the bed, groaning with relief at finally being horizontal.
With great effort, Sherlock twitched his hand out of Magnussen’s grasp, allowing it to fall back onto the bed. He felt tainted, almost, the sensation of Magnussen’s touch, his kiss, lingering on Sherlock’s skin. Impotent anger burned through him. He was no woman. It didn’t matter what Magnussen said, what he knew.
Sherlock smiled contentedly up at John. “So what are you plans for the rest of the day?” He asked, stretching. “Not that this isn’t lovely, but I’m guessing you had plans.”
“It’s not quite five years yet.” Sherlock explained quickly. “But it’s only a month more, and it seemed presumptuous to get you an anniversary gift. Especially as you were still married, at the time when I thought of it. In any case-”
Sherlock huffed, biting his lip. “Alright, fine. But just as a disclaimer, I’m only telling you because you asked. Not that it was meant to be a secret, per se, but I hadn’t intended to bother you with it, and this should in no way be construed as a request-”
Sherlock gazed up at John, dazed with pleasure as John spread his thighs open, pressing his cock slowly into his arse, the thick length spreading him open and making him moan.
Knowing the drill by now, Sherlock began to walk towards the bed on autopilot, unbuttoning his shirt as he went. He preferred to take his own clothes off. It was worse to let Magnussen do it. Magnussen chuckled, catching Sherlock by the elbow.
John sat back a little, rubbing a hand over his face as he steadied Sherlock’s cock with his other hand. “Christ, you scared me.” He muttered.
John’s eyes widened, and his hand closed sharply around Sherlock’s wrist before abruptly loosening, fingers slipping down until he was only holding Sherlock’s hand, though no less preventing it from continuing on its planned course.
“Well.” John said, quickly changing the subject. “That was pretty amazing, what you did. Why don’t you do that more often? Would save us a lot of running about.”
Sherlock flushed at the praise, twisting slightly to put his instrument down before leaning into John, kissing back. John cupped Sherlock’s cheeks and leaned back, smiling up at him. “Time for your present, I think.”
“Sherlock, are you…?” John sounded startled, but Sherlock could hear the husk of arousal beneath that.
“So that’s all this has been about. He’s been a little off recently. I thought maybe it was just because of his injury and-” He paused. “There was something Sherlock said, a few weeks ago...I think he knows who the shooter is, and just doesn’t want to say. Do you think that has something to do with this?”
“After dinner.” Sherlock said briskly, sitting up again. “We’ve got reservations, remember?” He glanced at the clock. “You might want to have a shower first. We’ve got thirty-five minutes, come on.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. Of course. He turned his arm over, exposing his pale wrist and forearm. There was a pause, and then Magnussen began to laugh. Sherlock glanced up, glaring at him through slitted eyes.
A couple hours later, after a few more presents and several more cups of hot chocolate, John and Sherlock were on their way back to London. When the house was out of sight Sherlock leaned back in his seat, breathing a sigh of relief. “Thank God that’s over. I do love my parents, but living with them is simply unbearable.”
John tucked his cock back into his trousers and stood as Sherlock hunted around for his jeans. “So. Is that it? A goodbye shag, and then you’re gone? Do I get to see you again?”
“No need for that.” Sherlock pushed John towards the bathroom. “Just wash your face. No getting dressed on Christmas, it’s a rule.”
“While we’re waiting for something to happen, maybe you would like to know how we all came to be here together. I’m sure you think it’s all about Sherlock here. In truth it has almost nothing to do with him. We’re here because of you, Doctor Watson.”
Thinking fast was Mycroft’s specialty; moving fast was not. It was fortunate that Mycroft did not have far to move. Split second decision made, Mycroft leapt without hesitation, putting himself between John Watson and the oncoming bullet.
Sherlock froze in the motion of hanging up his coat, staring at Magnussen. He felt a sudden urge to put his coat back, but he knew it was useless. Magnussen wanted his vulnerability, and he would get it.
Months passed in a blur of cities and kisses. John found himself marking the days by the latter rather than the former. He’d recall the days by these precious, scattered events- The day Sherlock kissed him to shut him up when he’d been laughing about the sight of Sherlock on a bicycle; the kiss bestowed upon him as they cuddled in bed, John telling embellished stories of their supposedly haunted hotel while Sherlock laughed and scoffed; the kiss presented together with a mug of hot chocolate as John nursed his bruised ego after a miserable failure on one of Vermont’s ski slopes.
John picked up the sounding kit he’d bought, selecting one of the instruments and drawing it out, the kit clinking quietly. Hearing this, Sherlock’s breath hitched, his entire body almost trembling with anticipation for what was going to happen next.
John didn’t even realise, at first, that his flatmate wasn’t human. Well, actually, he’d suspected something at first.
Once they made their way back to Baker Street, John turned to Sherlock, smiling. “So, your present first, or mine?”
Also- does this seem too fluffy? I'm aware it seems strange, but you know that thing you do where you drown yourself in something nice and forget about all the bad things until you absolutely have to face them? That's basically what they're doing.
“Mm, you’ve thought about this, haven’t you? Touched yourself and thought about me bending you over my desk and having my way with you.”
John stopped short, and then after a stunned moment, broke out into a wide grin. “That’s the best thing I’ve heard all day.”
Sherlock shook his head. “It was. It would have been. It’s just transport, and you, John, you are worth- anything. Everything.”
All these rational arguments were swept away by a mounting terror. Magnussen would be back, surely, with more of that. Perhaps he’d even make Sherlock dress like a woman, even behave like one. Doubt crept into Sherlock’s mind. Would it be so bad, if he refused? Magnussen would tell John, but maybe it wouldn’t be so bad. He’d just know that his wife was a killer...he’d lose all trust in her, but he’d feel the need to overcome that, to save their marriage and to stay together with her for his child...Mary had John trapped, and if she knew he knew, perhaps John too would be in danger. Sherlock pushed the thought away. He couldn’t risk John like that. Even the chance of John being hurt was too great to risk. He’d come this far. He couldn’t give up now.
Sherlock stifled his whimpers into his wrist as John tongued him open unhurriedly, with slow sweeps all around and
Magnussen drew a syringe out of his pocket. “I see you’re confused.” He said as he methodically drew the fluid into the syringe. He glanced up at Sherlock. “It’s oestrogen.”
Mycroft steepled his fingers together in thought, for a moment looking very much like his younger brother. “It’s possible.” He said eventually. “I’ve been looking into it, with little success. Whoever shot him was highly skilled and very thorough. I haven’t been able to discover much.”
Sherlock fumbled for his phone, squinting at the sudden, harsh light. “Nearly midnight. You should go sleep upstairs.”
“She was manipulated by him to get to me, much like how he used me to get to- to Mycroft.” He said, too quietly for Mary to hear.
“Mycroft’s always been there. Being my older brother, and all that. I’ve never known life without him hanging around in the background of it. You think he was overprotective- you never saw him when I was a child. He was even worse. Always trying to save me from myself. I didn’t much appreciate it, but even so. He was the older one, the smarter one.” Sherlock grimaced. “He knew everything. So it’s- it’s weird. I always thought I’d die first. Even though he’s older. I was the one who made stupid and reckless decisions. He was the one who always knew what to do. And the one time he went and made a stupid and reckless decision, it killed him.”
Magnussen was waiting for him in the car. When Sherlock got in, he leaned over, cupping Sherlock’s chin to bring him closer and kissed him on the lips. “Good morning, Mr. Holmes.”
John ran his hand up Sherlock’s flushed chest, ghosting over his skin as he felt Sherlock trembling beneath his fingertips. Sherlock groaned, shaking his head.
John shook his head. “I did enjoy getting to see the museum, you know. And even if I didn’t, I always love to see you enjoying yourself.”
“I love how much you love it, when you suck me.” John murmured. The way you look- utterly perfect. I’m such a lucky, lucky man. To have such a gorgeous, devoted, slutty little submissive. God, I love you so much.”
John chatted to Sherlock all the way back to the hotel, breaking his stream-of-consciousness chatter only to give directions to the taxi. He kept it up until he was outside the room door, and Sherlock could hear John’s voice in stereo, a muffled preview from outside, then again a half-second later from his phone. Sherlock hung up as he heard the door swing open.
Sherlock groaned, arching up against John, the low burn of arousal he’d been feeling suddenly flaming into an inferno at John’s words. His heart raced, his cock fattening until it strained against the cage he wore nearly all the time now. “Yes, John.” He gasped out.
“It’s alright.” John murmured. “You’ve been holding it together for so long. But there’s nothing left to do, now. You can let it go.”
“Say that again?” Sherlock asked quietly. John hadn’t said it outright like that since the first time. Sherlock hadn’t at all, though he knew that John knew.
“That was amazing.” John sighed against Sherlock’s chest. “God, I love you.” He smiled up at Sherlock, sleepy and sated. He put a hand on Sherlock’s thigh. “Want me to…?”
Nana’s house was a wonderful place. It was just close enough to town that they could cycle down in the mornings if they wanted to, and poke about the little shops and buy a pastry to snack on as they wandered about. Behind Nana’s house was a forest, and John and Harry liked to wander through it, and play there. Well, John liked to play. He was ten, and full of energy and a sense of adventure. Harry was fourteen, and she’d sometimes play with him, but other times she’d decide that she would rather climb a tree and just sit there for several hours with her notebook.
She smiled, a bit tearfully. “That’s all I ask, John. He’s my baby boy, you know? Always has been, always will be. I’m sure you’ll understand when you and Sherlock have your own.”
John sat up to frown at Sherlock in confusion. Sherlock was more prone to lie-ins than John was, usually. Unless there was a case, he typically went to bed in the wee hours and woke any time between ten and three - it was like he’d never grown out of his teenage sleeping habits. This was a peculiar departure from the norm. Nevertheless, he obediently got up and began hunting around for a clean set of clothes.
“And look what’s happened since then.” John’s fingers traced back up Sherlock’s spine, but this time they followed the raised lines of the thick, ropey scars that covered his back. “I haven’t done a very good job. Couldn’t even stop my own wife from shooting you. Didn’t even notice when someone was hurting you for months.”
Sorry, I know I'm supposed to be more regular with updates now that my holiday's started. But in by defense, a pasar malam (night market) sprang up at a train station near my house, so I've been going there in the evenings (my writing time) to wander around and eat street food.
They were chasing a suspect through London, but Sherlock could already tell they weren’t going to catch up to him. The suspect knew the area too well, and was quicker on his feet than the both of them. Lestrade was on his way, but the suspect would be lost before he arrived. Sherlock made a split-second decision.
Sherlock was still frowning in confusion. His fingers knotted in John’s collar, as though to keep him there while he worked it out. “That doesn’t make any sense.”
“Good.” Sherlock said distractedly. John had said something along this line a few times already, in the weeks past. “Can I touch you now?”
Sherlock stilled almost imperceptibly, and John took notice. So it had something to do with that whole mess. Sherlock had said he didn’t remember who it was. He’d been lying. John had let it go then, but now he needed to know.
“That’s my good boy.” John said warmly, running his hand through Sherlock’s hair. With his other hand he opened the drawer, taking out a wide band of dark cloth. “I was thinking of blindfolding you, make it more intense, but this kind of play is already pretty intense. Should I leave it for next time?”
“Sherlock, you know you can- You can’t avoid it forever. And there’s no need to pretend like you don’t care-”
“I know you want me to wait until tonight to come, but that doesn’t mean you can’t.” Sherlock argued. “Please, John.”
Sherlock had only said ‘No’, and looked so offended that John dropped the line of questioning entirely.
“Well,” said Sherlock, picking his words carefully, “there’s no reason we have to do it all at once. After all, we have the rest of our lives.”
John watched as Mycroft opened the envelope and drew out the contents halfway, his furrowed brow smoothening out in an expression of shock. He slid the sheaf of paper back in, setting it down on the table between them with shaking hands.
Now that he was there, in the mortuary, Mycroft’s naked corpse in front of him, Sherlock couldn’t seem to stop looking. He’d planned, originally, to go in, identify him, and get out, without really looking all too closely, because of course it was him, and so to spend any more time than necessary would just be morbid and self-indulgent. Yet there he was, being morbid and self-indulgent and staring at his brother’s dead body.
“I love you.” He murmured, gazing intently into John’s eyes. “I adore you. There is nothing that brings me greater joy than being here with you.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I don’t need to. I want to. It sounds good. Travelling with you, wherever we want to go. I’ve only ever travelled where I needed to go. After the last few months...having the freedom to do whatever the hell I want sounds very good.”
“The place is infested with gremlins.” One dorm mate had explained to him on his first day there. “Don’t bother calling the electrician. Just invest in some candles, don’t buy anything that needs refrigerating, and go hang out somewhere else if you’re expecting a call.”
I know, this is upsettingly short considering the length of the first chapter. The unevenness disturbs me too, but it was just such a good stopping point.
“Git.” John murmured into Sherlock’s ear, but his tone lacked bite, and was softened further a moment later by the kiss he pressed against Sherlock’s cheek.
“Mummy, perhaps we should go in? I expect John is getting rather cold.” Sherlock said, after bearing the hug for several moments.
John smiled down at him. He bent down, smoothing the curls away from Sherlock’s forehead to kiss him there. “Sure thing, love.” He began to get up, but a hand shot out to stop him, closing around his wrist.
John nipped at Sherlock’s inner thigh, making him moan. “Do try to be quiet, my dear, someone might hear you.” He rebuked gently.
“You can’t.” Sherlock said simply. He should know. He’d tried to do just that for John, but that had backfired quite thoroughly.
Magnussen gave the same treatment to the other hand, and then slid Sherlock’s shirt off his shoulders. Sherlock heard the whisper of cotton hitting the floor, felt it land at his heels. He tried to focus on that, but was drawn back to his situation by Magnussen running the flat of his hand up Sherlock’s bare back. “So many scars you have acquired over your life.” Magnussen mused. His fingers traced the raised lines on Sherlock’s back, but his eyes were on the thinner, older, much less noticeable scars that ran across his chest. “Still, you are a very beautiful man.”
Sherlock wrapped a hand around his cock, jerking it with quick, desperate strokes. He muffled his cries against John’s collar bone, John’s thick cock milking his orgasm out of him in sharp, intense bursts that spilled between them. John flipped them over and thrusted a few more times into Sherlock before coming with a groan as Sherlock clenched and spasmed around him.
“You’re very similar to your wife, Doctor Watson.” Magnussen murmured. “You know, she tried to shoot me too. That was, oh, three months ago? You may remember, as she ended up shooting our dear Sherlock here, instead.”
John grinned at the way Sherlock perked up. “Well, I pulled a few strings- managed to get us access to the museum itself.” He shrugged, feigning nonchalance, then laughed at the way Sherlock abruptly sat bolt upright.
Short lil chapter to bring us into the next phase. What do you think of the idea? Let me know. And if you want Sherlock and John to visit your hometown, or if you know somewhere they might be interested in visiting, let me know!
Sherlock stuffed his wrist into his mouth to stifle a sob, silent tears rolling down his cheeks. He sucked in a deep breath when Magnussen licked him again, his tongue wet with pooled saliva. He repeated the motion several times, drenching Sherlock’s vulva in his spit until he could feel it running down the crack of his arse. He began to rub the flat of his tongue hard against Sherlock’s clitoris, and Sherlock’s eyes widened as blood pooled in his groin, shame colouring his cheeks as he felt the first touch of unwanted arousal.
John grinned. “Great. I’m so glad I have you.” He paused, and his expression softened. “Really, I am. I don’t know what I did to deserve a brilliant, amazing, handsome genius like yourself.”
“Hot chocolate.” Sherlock said. He sat next next to John, curling into his side, cradling his own mug of hot chocolate.
John pushed a few more times to find out more, but Sherlock wasn’t giving anything away. Reluctantly, John let it go for the moment, and allowed Sherlock to change the subject.
“Yes.” Sherlock glanced at Mycroft, then quickly looked away. “He won’t mind, after all he’s-” Sherlock stopped, and swallowed. “He won’t mind.”
John took his time undressing Sherlock, savouring the slow reveal of skin as he unbuttoned each button. Sherlock stood calmly, arms loose by his side as he watched John’s deft fingers. Sherlock’s shirt finally unbuttoned, John slid his hands up Sherlock’s chest, brushing across his nipples and causing him to let out a soft breath. John slid the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders, allowing it to fall to the floor. Next, he undid Sherlock’s trousers, easing them off those slim hips. Sherlock stepped out of them, pressing closer to John. Underneath, he was completely nude, unadorned except for the cage locked around his cock. John ran his hands down Sherlock’s scarred back, squeezing his round arse with a small grin.
“Mm, what a lovely way to wake up.” John murmured, holding Sherlock closer. “What’s the- Oh, yes.” He opened his eyes, smiling up at his lover. “Happy Anniversary.”
Magnussen chuckled as he watched Sherlock’s reaction. “Andrew, this is Sherlock. Sherlock, Andrew. Quite an amusing coincidence about the name, is it not?” He gestured for Andrew to begin setting up. “As you can see, Mr. Holmes, I’ve arranged a little photoshoot for you. Something for me to keep as a little...memento.”
Sherlock nodded and slumped over to put his head on John’s shoulder, leaning on John the same way John had on him earlier that day. The position made his back hurt, but it felt good anyway, so he didn’t move.
A few days before, Sherlock found himself again in bed, for the same reason as last time, the only reason he was ever in his bed nowadays. He’d had a over a week’s respite, after Magnussen’s last visit, though he’d spent that week in misery over Magnussen’s newest game with the oestrogen. Magnussen got off him, and Sherlock sat up, staring blankly at his come-streaked thighs. As usual, he ignored the man moving around the bedroom, getting himself dressed.
Sherlock hopped up and hunted around for his vibrator before stripping off perfunctorily and lying down on the bed.
“Good idea.” John agrees. He makes a mental note to himself to read that letter over before allowing Sherlock to send it.
“Few days.” Sherlock admitted. It didn’t seem like much, but for Sherlock, who made decisions like ‘Should I invite this man I’ve never met to be my flatmate?’ in split seconds, it was almost embarrassingly indecisive.
John looked from Sherlock to Mycroft, then back at Sherlock. He nodded. “Okay.” He murmured. “Okay. So, how are we getting home?”
Thee moment the suspect was cuffed, the song ended. A wave of disappointment crashed over John, but he shook it off, taking charge of the suspect as Sherlock dusted off his coat and looked mournfully at the remains of his shirt.
“Oh, Sherlock, John! Look at the two of you, brown as nuts! I have missed your faces, it’s been too quiet around here. Not that I’ll be happy if you blow up the flat again, mind you. But oh, it’s so good to see you happy again, after all that awfulness.”
“Hurry up. Get it over with.” He muttered, the first words he’d spoken since seeing Magnussen in the flat. Sherlock could hardly believe that had been less than an hour ago. He felt like he’d been trapped here for an eternity.
In spite of the attraction he knew he harboured towards Sherlock, John felt not even a flicker of lust as he looked at the photographs. His stomach was churning with horror, thinking of what his friend had been going through, silently suffering for months. He looked up at Mycroft.
He stepped back, then turned, exiting quickly. Sherlock stumbled forwards, disoriented by the sudden loss of John’s warmth.
“Please, John. May I suck your cock?” Sherlock murmured as John let his fingers fall from Sherlock’s mouth.
“Please, John.” Sherlock whined. John nodded, settling back into the headspace of the scene now that he knew that Sherlock was fine. He shifted the sound around inside Sherlock, eliciting desperate whines with every movement. Slowly, he drew it out, and set the sound down carefully.
Mycroft took the brown paper envelope from his assistant, noting the discreet ‘CAM’ printed on the bottom right corner. He hesitated, glancing at John, then began to open it. He’d enlisted the man’s help, after all. Might as well keep him involved. Mycroft needed all the allies he could get, and John Watson quite possibly the only person, at this point, whom Mycroft knew he could trust implicitly.
That night, they lay wrapped up in each other in the darkness of Sherlock’s childhood bedroom, resting together.
Sherlock nodded, a pleased smile suffusing his features. John knew him so well by now, knew how his mind and body worked. It was wonderful to be have someone who really understood him and could always give him what he needed.
He was more of a boy than a man, really, just a boy with an ugly uniform and a forced smile. Under the smile, he looked like didn’t want to be awake any more than she did.
“What the fuck were you thinking? You’re the Consulting Bloody Detective, surely you noticed she was in no state to deal with your-”
Sherlock wondered if he meant that in the sense that Sherlock wouldn’t have been shot if he hadn’t been investigating Magnussen, or in the sense that, as he was the one who’d called an ambulance, he’d played a hand in ensuring that Sherlock was here in hospital, rather than downstairs in the morgue.
Gosh, you guys, I am so tired. Tell me if this makes sense. I am...an emotional wreck I cried writing this idk idk someone save me from myself. End of term is the worst.
Sherlock flinched, scrambling for the covers as the door creaked open. His eyes were screwed shut, not wanting to see John looking at his disheveled nakedness. It took him embarrassingly long to register a few things- firstly, Magnussen had said
It didn’t take Sherlock and John long at all to pack. John was used to packing quickly and travelling light, a holdover from his army days, and Sherlock was too excited to really care what he was tossing into his bag. “We’ll be able to buy anything we really need.” He reasoned as John attempted to get him to be more systematic. “Or get Mrs Hudson to mail it to us.”
Yet there he was, in a dress; a wedding dress, no less, and seated in the lap of the most vile man he’d ever met, because it was for John, and John was worth more than every case Sherlock had ever worked combined.
John nodded. “Lift your head.” He instructed. Sherlock did as he was told, and John slipped the band around Sherlock’s head. Sherlock’s world fell into darkness.
So this chapter doesn't really have the...energy...of last chapter. That's my fault, I'm sort of emotionally bleh right now, (also I came four times today already so maybe that's also why, but TMI) so I think that showed a lil, sorry.
Sherlock smiled at that, pleased at John’s praise, and also at the success of his ploy to distract John. Unfortunately, it didn’t last long.
On the rare occasions when John indulged himself so far as to allow himself to imagine himself confessing his feelings to Sherlock, he had never guessed that it would be so dramatic and yet so undramatic at the same time. Perhaps it was because he wasn’t really one for elaborate setup. That was more Sherlock’s purview. In his head, his confession came in a quiet moment, when he had finally got up the courage to say something, or when he could hold it in  no longer. There were no dead brothers, no vile, evil, dead rapist blackmailers; just the two of them, alone in Baker Street, the fire burning low, perhaps the remains of Chinese takeaway between them.
Sherlock stuffed his wrist in his mouth, biting down hard and for a moment the pain felt good, expanding until it eclipsed everything else. Then suddenly he was flooded with a sense memory, of another time he’d done the same thing. He was flat on his back in bed, Magnussen’s head beneath his thighs, scratchy beard contrasting with a warm, wet, unwanted mouth.
There’s something strangely intimate about meeting a city for the first time in the wee hours of the morning, when everything is hushed but not silent, like the deep, slow breaths of a sleeping lover. Stepping out of the ever-bright and bustling airport into the cold winter night, Sherlock took John’s hand, stopping him for a moment as he just stood, gazing up at the night sky and breathing in deep lungfuls of Philadelphian air.
Sherlock scoffed. “Pointless. Wastes time we could spend making it so.” He ground his hips down against John, just to make his meaning doubly clear.
Why are they talking about THIS when Mycroft just died? Because when there are that many things to process, sometimes you have to start with the easiest one. John thought it was the easiest one, anyway. Frankly there is no easy one.
I wrote Mary as being more self-serving rather than actually having malicious intention. I think it makes her a more interesting character, even if it does mean that she ends up with a happier ending than she probably deserves.
Cautiously, John took the envelope. Inside were approximately twenty sheets of glossy photo paper. Each one was a different, full-colour, A4-sized photograph of a naked Sherlock- Sherlock on his back, back arched, knees in the air and legs crossed, looking over his shoulder into the camera; Sherlock on his knees, sitting back on his ankles, knees spread wide, arms crossed behind his head as he stretched up, elongating his torso, head tilted back to bare his neck; Sherlock on his knees and elbows, arse thrust up into the air, legs spread; Sherlock on his back looking up into the camera, one arm draped across his chest, the other hand covering his crotch.
“As soon as we can.” Sherlock said simply. “Once we pack, we’ll get the earliest flight we can to any part of America. Any decently interesting part, that is.”
“I know you’re awake, John.” Sherlock said, his voice sounding unnaturally loud in the hushed, awkward silence.
“God.” John groaned, hands flying to Sherlock’s hips to steady him. “You’re really not wasting time, are you?”
We were supposed to make a decision as to where to go today but??? The boys are just??? Not able to focus they keep wanting to talk about other stuff and be sappy like guys,,,,we have to keep the plot going okay,,,
“Yes.” John murmured, thinking of the anniversary he’d had planned- one he desperately hoped he would be able to carry out. The reminder of what was on the line steadied him, and he took a deep breath. “But the last week or so you’ve been...distant. And I was frustrated because I haven’t been able to get through to you. And I know, yeah, I should have talked to you about it before it came to this but I was just- scared.”
Sherlock kissed John with a smile. Though he didn’t quite know how to express it in words, he felt so lucky to have someone who loved him as much as John so obviously did. “I’ve got a present for you, when we get home.” He said.
John took the cheapest dorm, in uni. It was a ten minute bike ride to campus, and it was a huge old house, with enough space for thirty people. There was a kitchen, a common room, a laundry room, and absolutely nothing worked.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’d rather get back to London.” He needed all this to be over, needed to be at home where he could sort out his thoughts without all these wide open spaces around him leaving him exposed and vulnerable.
John was suddenly enraged. “So you’re the reason Sherlock was-” His voice faltered, unable to say the words. Sherlock stepped forwards, wrapping a calming hand around John’s wrist.
“Relax. Enjoy a little privacy.” Sherlock’s attempt at discretion was utterly ruined by the bright red flush that suffused his face. “I mean, we’ve been attached at the hip for months now. Some alone time would be good. Healthy, even. Or so I’ve heard.”
He paused when he saw the app Sherlock was using. The screen read: ‘General Average: 150Hz. Minimum Average: 122Hz. Maximum Average: 196Hz. Your range is mostly: Male.’
John’s brow creased in confusion. “Why don’t we just make an extra dinner for them? That’ll be nicer than eating leftovers.”
John glanced at Sherlock as Sherlock watched him with an intent, almost desperate expression. Something was wrong, John could feel it. Still, he couldn’t just come out and ask ‘What’s wrong?’. That would never work.
John kept up a litany of praise interspersed with moans as he fucked into Sherlock. As he neared orgasm, he fell silent, panting raggedly as he thrust into him until he came, gasping out Sherlock’s name.
“Very true.” John gripped Sherlock’s hips and tugged him down, making Sherlock gasp in surprise as John suddenly filled him, his arms flailing before he caught himself on the bed.
This was Magnussen’s fault, he determined once he calmed down, and the thought made him absolutely furious. He refused to allow the vile man to continue ruining him from beyond the grave.
Next chapter: Christmas! Sherlock's favourite holiday. But will it be the same without Mycroft? Of course not.
Sherlock was practically limp in John’s arms, every inch of him plastered against John’s front. John chuckled, and scooped Sherlock up in his arms, crossing the small office to deposit Sherlock gently onto the table. He deftly unbuttoned Sherlock’s shirt, running his hands over Sherlock’s heaving chest.
Sherlock pulled the duvet over them, resting his cheek on John’s head. John was already slipping back into sleep, and Sherlock closed his eyes, perfectly happy to follow John’s lead.
Leaving the house became nigh impossible. John couldn’t go out for milk without being accosted by journalists looking for information. Luckily, not long after that the police released Mycroft’s body, and John and Sherlock had to make their way to Sherlock’s parents’ house for the funeral. Sherlock enlisted the help of his Homeless Network for a distraction so they could get into a cab, and they managed to get to their destination without significant incidence.
“brownies are magical little creatures. You never see them, but they come out at night, when everyone is sleeping, and they help is by cleaning up the house and putting everything to rights. So we leave a little extra food, so they can have something to eat for their supper.”
John sighed softly and opened his eyes, some of the tension leaving his shoulders. “Yeah, I am.” He admitted.
Sherlock lowered his eyes coyly, a flush creeping up his neck. “Well. Perhaps I thought you deserved a little effort.”
That had not been the first words that John would have expected to come from Sherlock’s mouth. “What? Sherlock, your brother just-”
John showed no sign of impatience with this glacial pace, except for those mornings Sherlock woke up alone in bed to the sounds of John pleasuring himself in the shower. John would return to bed after, flushed and sated, and Sherlock would hide his burning cheeks in the pillows and pretend to be asleep, frustrated and embarrassed by his own inability to provide.
He trailed damp kisses down Sherlock’s chest and stomach, pushing Sherlock’s thighs apart with his hands. At the first brush of rough beard against his inner thighs, Sherlock shuddered, a strangled, desperate noise escaping his lips. He screwed his eyes shut tight, heart pounding out of his chest with fear as lips descended on him, a gentle pressure against his most intimate, untouched parts. Magnussen’s tongue flicked out, testing, and Sherlock jerked, breath coming in ragged, terrified gasps as the reality of his situation suddenly hit him with all the force of a sledgehammer. He was being raped, he thought hysterically, realising that this was the first time he was letting himself use the word. Magnussen was raping him, plain and simple, and he was allowing it. He tried to remind himself of why he as doing it- but as soon as John’s face swam into his mind’s view, he pushed it forcefully away. He didn’t want to think of John now. It felt as though if Sherlock thought of him, it would taint him somehow, and Sherlock was doing this to protect John, to make sure that none of this ever came near him. John deserved that. Sherlock had hurt John deeply, it hadn’t taken him long after coming back to realise that. John- strong John, he’d recovered himself, he’d found happiness and a wife, he’d forgiven Sherlock in spite of everything. Still, Sherlock still saw the sadness and hurt in John’s eyes, saw the careful blankness in John’s expression sometimes when John looked at him. Sherlock had done that to John, John who used to laugh freely with Sherlock, who used to look at him with nothing but admiration and friendship, who was replaced now by a man with a dark shadow in his eyes, who never looked Sherlock full in the face for more than a second at a time without that hurt seeping into his gaze. Sherlock had been a positive part of John’s life, once, but he’d dropped himself into the negative when he fell, and possibly made it even worse by coming back. As much as John tried to include Sherlock, to make him feel like nothing had changed, Sherlock saw. He knew they’d never return to the uncomplicated friendship they’d had, that there would always be this darkness hanging between them. That was Sherlock’s fault, and now all he could do was lie back and allow the most horrifying man he’d ever met have his way with him, because the alternative, the possibility that he might allow John to be hurt yet again-  that would be worse than anything that Magnussen could think to do to him.
John slithered down to lie beside him, turning onto his side. “Still, we could go nearly anywhere pretty easily. You managed to hit all the widely-spoken languages.”
“Welcome to Appledore, gentlemen.” Magnussen murmured as the two men strode through his front door. His grip tightened on Sherlock. With a single glance, Magnussen could tell that his plan had gone awry. Mycroft Holmes was meant to arrive alone, unarmed, ready to bargain anything for the safety of his precious little brother. Instead, accompanying him was John Watson, and they both looked ready for murder.
John leaned down to kiss Sherlock, letting him feel his anticipatory smile. “Now, I’ve got something more interesting for you.”
Sherlock opened his eyes, relaxing fractionally as he took in the sight of the young man standing awkwardly in the doorway, before tensing again as he noticed all the paraphernalia he was carrying, deducing immediately what was about to happen.
The plan went something like this- America first, simply because it was so far away and unconnected to everything else. So they’d go, see what they wanted to see, both in the Northern and Southern continents, then fly back to Europe once they’d gotten all that out of the way, and hopefully not decide to make a return trip, because it was eight fucking hours of flying just to get there. Then a Europe tour, and then they’d wiggle their way through Asia. Sherlock discovered that it was actually possible to travel entirely overland, mostly via train, from London to the furthest tip of Southeast Asia, not including Indonesia, which was not connected by land at all. He decided they very much needed to try that, so that was to be the second leg of their trip. Then they might or might not go to Australia, depending on how they feel at the time. Whether or not they go to Australia, they would then fly back up to cover the bits of Asia which they would miss on their roadtrip, mainly India and Nepal. Then they’d take another flight to Turkey, then Egypt, then any other African countries they might want to see. Then back up to Europe, where they would either see a few more places in Europe or just go straight home, depending on how they felt.
“Your wife.” Sherlock said abruptly. “Or ex-wife, rather. Or is she still your wife, if the divorce didn’t go through before she died?”
Sherlock sat up and stretched, wincing slightly at the familiar twinge of soreness from his well-used hole. “Better get used to it. God, that was good. We’ll be revisiting that one.”
Sherlock woke on the day of his and John’s one year anniversary (the anniversary of them confessing their feelings to one another, not the anniversary of when they started having sex) with a buzzing excitement. John had a surprise planned for him, he knew it. Wonderful and occasionally unpredictable as John was, he was still terrible at keeping secrets. Or perhaps not quite so terrible, as Sherlock hadn’t managed to figure out what the surprise was, only that John had ordered something online and hidden it upstairs in his old room. It had been a struggle not to snoop upstairs and take a peek, but he’d manfully resisted. He loved being surprised by John, just as much as John loved to surprise him.
Sherlock nodded, glancing around. Spotting a nice-looking pub, he headed over. It was the bottom floor of a small inn, and was rather atmospheric, with wooden signboards and hanging baskets of tiny white flowers. They went in and sat down, picking a spot near the door. Sherlock sat against the wall, where he could watch the flitting of the fish in the aquarium set in the opposite wall as John ate.
John nodded and shifted aside, making room for Sherlock. “You sure this is okay with you?” He asked as Sherlock settled beside him.
Aaaand we're done! Thank you everyone who's read this series, and double thank you if you're one of those who've followed along and commented and kept me motivated even through a six-month hiatus.
John flicked off the lights, leaving the bathroom light on in case they needed it. As he slipped between the warm sheets, suddenly realised how bone-tired he was. Mere moments later, he was fast asleep.
John gripped Sherlock’s slim hips beneath his coat, tugging him close. “I thought you’d know by now that you hardly need to seduce me.”
When it was over, he felt limp and wrung out, and the bed was far too large and empty. “Thank you.” He whispered into the phone beside him. “Could you- Can you come back?”
They could certainly have spent more than the five days that they did in the city, but John wanted to move on. It was nearing the New Year’s, and seeing as New York was only an hour’s train ride away, it seemed a waste not to get there in time to watch the ball drop.
Sorry for the long delay. I had to restart this chapter a few times, and I keep getting slotted for closing shift at work.
“Well hello there, gorgeous.” John said warmly. Sherlock heard the soft thud of John’s day bag hitting the floor. Then he felt the bed dip, and John spooned up behind him, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and pressing a kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck.
Sherlock barely reacted as this was happening, mind still reeling from the shock of having orgasmed from Magnussen’s ministrations. It was a sickening loss of control. After that, it hardly seemed to matter that Magnussen was fucking him open with his fingers, that his hard cock was pressed up against Sherlock’s thigh, that he was climbing on top of him, pushing into him, thrusting in and out rhythmically as lips descended on him again, endless touching and kissing and thrusting, moans sounding out above him. Sherlock lay pliantly as Magnussen fucked him, as he held him tight, a hard cock throbbing inside of him as Magnussen orgasmed.
There was too much inside- a roiling storm, too violent to be let out safely. He wanted to scream, wanted to fling open the car door and feel his body tumble across the asphalt like a physical expression of his painful, tumbling thoughts- but that would alarm John, and he was just upset, not suicidal, so he kept his hands twisted together firmly in his lap.
Sherlock stopped short at the door, blinking in surprise. The room had been repapered, now a soothing blue and purple, and he could see that his bed had been replaced, though it was similar, a solid hardwood frame. As promised, all this things remained in place, his periodic table and his bee drawing, and everything else all more or less where he’d left them.
John shifted, waking. Even in his sleep he could sense when Sherlock was in distress. Perhaps it was their deep emotional connection creating a bond beyond logical understanding, or perhaps it was the tension in Sherlock’s shoulders. He sat up, touching Sherlock’s elbow gently.
John stepped closer, holding Sherlock steady as he struggled back into his tight jeans. “Dinner?” He suggested. “Tonight, if you aren’t busy.”
Damn the man. Damn him and his gorgeous, fascinating dual nature. John trusted Sherlock absolutely, Sherlock knew he did, and yet Sherlock was utterly incapable of dissembling with him. It was nothing about John knowing Sherlock’s mannerisms, or whether he had any kind of ‘tell’. John simply knew Sherlock, he understood the core of him like he’d been raised to know nothing else, and now that there were no secrets between them, John anticipated him perfectly.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but hugged Mrs Hudson good-naturedly. “It’s good to see you too, Hudders.”
Hoo boy, I cried writing this. I go four hours of sleep last night, now I'm tired and emotional. And possibly high on caffeine. I had a shift at work, so I drank half a litre of tea and nearly half a litre of coffee in the morning so I wouldn't fall asleep.
So began a stalemate that spanned years. Mycroft unable to to act against the blackmailer systematically weaving his net around the British government (of which Mycroft really was only a small part, no matter Sherlock’s hyperbole), yet not giving him an inch more. There were many things that Magnussen wanted from Mycroft, and while the Mycroft did not act against him, he was also not ready to betray his country, not even to save himself and his secrets. If Magnussen wanted Mycroft Holmes, he needed something that he valued more than his secrets, more than his country. He needed Sherlock Holmes.
“Seems like you need a little help getting in the mood.” Magnussen said, fingers hooking in Sherlock’s belt loops and tugging his pants off his hips.
“She said...she explained why I shouldn’t tell you. About what happened.” Sherlock said evasively. Now that it had all come out, he felt incredibly stupid. John hadn’t reacted in any of the ways Sherlock had expected. Not that he was upset by that, far from it, but it was embarrassing to have made such a huge error in calculation, and for so long.
Sherlock hated John’s driving. He loathed how slowly he drove, all patient and polite; all in all the opposite of Sherlock, who always drove like an arsehole with an emergency. He hated John’s ‘driver picks the music’ policy, and the way John ignored him because he needed to ‘focus on the road’. John hated Sherlock’s driving, too, but he hated driving with Sherlock in the car even more than that.
“I have to write a eulogy.” Sherlock muttered against John’s chest. “I’m not sure what to say. I’ve never had to do this before. Never paid attention at funerals.”
He was ripped out of the fantasy when the bathroom door opened and Magnussen walked in. He was naked, his red, hard cock bobbing in the air as he got into the shower with Sherlock. Large hands wrapped around Sherlock’s waist as he was tugged backwards, hot flesh digging into the cleft of his arse.
John smiled, shaking his head. “That would be quite nice, actually. Maybe we will be. What’s Christmas in Japan like, anyway?”
“She’s right, you know.” Once again, Magnussen’s voice interrupted Sherlock’s thoughts. “He’ll forgive her, even if you tell. He forgave you, after all, and you killed yourself for two years. She only killed you for a few minutes. And he does love her so.”
It was a heady feeling, this simple act; watching John’s face, and knowing he was the one bringing John this pleasure. Sherlock stroked his free hand through John’s hair, trailing his fingers over his bristly cheek.
“No.” He gasped. “Nonononono. Please, no.” Magnussen paid him no mind, and neither did his body. He clenched his hands into fists, squeezing his eyes shut, trying to force the sensation away. It should have been easy, like ignoring hunger, or pain- Mind over matter. He did it all the time. Yet the feeling refused to go away, only grew as Magnussen tongue-fucked him. He’d never had this done to him before, had no strategies to block it out. A shiver crept through his nerves, horror and arousal mingling, indistinguishable on a physiological level. The weak spark of arousal threading its way through his body was growing stronger, weaving around his veins, taking his body hostage as he squirmed, panting, disgusted with himself. A moan escaped his lips, and he gritted his teeth, breath coming hard as his arousal intensified suddenly, pleasure shuddering through his body even as his mind was in anguish, limbs jerking as he came hard.
He didn’t move to cover himself when Magnussen stood, gathering his clothes and dressing himself. Magnussen, fully put back together, stood by the bed, regarding Sherlock’s limp, defeated form. He smiled.
John was supposed to stay with Harry, but of course, while climbing trees is fun, sitting in them and doing nothing is rather less fun. While Harry was preoccupied with her notebook, John snuck off to have an adventure on his own.
There was no way to hide the truth from John, no way to lie convincingly. Sherlock felt like he was being torn apart. He’d spent months submitting to Magnussen’s every whim to keep this truth from John, had been prepared to send the rest of his life doing so. Now, it was all for naught.
Sherlock blinked, his expression smoothing into something more neutral- his ‘lying face’, clear as day. “Shouldn’t you have stayed with your wife this morning? Morning sickness is terrible, and it’s not like we had an appointment. You didn’t have to leave her.”
So Sherlock sucked at his lover’s cock in earnest, using everything he’d learned over the last year and a half about what John liked, drawing it out just long enough to be pleasurable but not frustrating. As he felt John about to come, he looked up, locking his gaze with John, his eyes plainly displaying the complete, all consuming love and devotion he held for him. John smiled, his expression returning those feelings, and then John’s face contorted with pleasure and his hips bucked up, his head tipping back as he came hard into Sherlock’s waiting mouth.
“Boys, yes. Not a man.” Sherlock smirked up at John, who laughed at the cheesy line. He leaned down to kiss Sherlock again, sucking Sherlock’s plump lower lip between his own.
Just then, Mycroft’s assistant walked into the room. She held out a thick envelope for Mycroft to take. “This just came for you, sir.” She said.
Sherlock grabbed the vibrator from where he’d dropped it on the bed, returning it between his legs. He sighed, wriggling against John.
Sherlock heard John come back in, and he turned his head, trying to catch a glimpse of what John had in store for him. When he realised what it was, his mouth opened in a soft gasp, breath coming quicker in anticipation. John smiled at Sherlock, glad he’d already sterilised the items so they didn’t have to wait for that as well.
“Right, now you know what we’re going to do, you know how absolutely important it is that you stay absolutely still. No jerking about, or any of that, okay? Can I trust you?” John said seriously.
Sherlock tried to picture how he himself would react. If John -the person he loved- shot his best friend. If he shot himself? That was a completely different scenario. If he shot- Lestrade was the most likely equivalent in this case. Could Sherlock somehow abandon his love for John, for Lestrade’s sake? It didn’t seem plausible. Besides, it was John. He would have had a good reason, surely. Furthermore Sherlock had never imagined John to be a sweet and harmless locum nurse. He’d shot a man the day after they met. Sherlock had always known John’s potential to be a lot more dangerous than he looked. What if he hadn’t? Would that somehow affect Sherlock’s feelings? What if-
They didn’t stay long in Philadelphia. Neither John nor Sherlock had any particular interest in the history of America’s independence, and didn’t bother visiting any of the sites recommended by what felt like every single smug local who happened to notice their British accents. Sherlock instead decided they should go to the Eastern State Penitentiary. They two of them wandered through the crumbling stone ruins together, John only half-listening to the audio tour they’d been given while Sherlock did a little tour of his own, keeping up a running stream of deductions about the past inhabitants of the cells they passed. They also had a wander about the Franklin Institute, and they spent an entire day at the Mütter Museum, a medical history museum that was fascinating for the both of them. Sherlock spent over an hour standing in front of the Hyrtl Skull Collection, a wall of 139 human skulls, observing each skull from every angle possible until he was sure he’d stored each one accurately in his Mind Palace for later reference.
A pair of polished black dress shoes appeared in his field of vision. “I’m not yet done with you today, Mr. Holmes.” Magnussen’s voice sounded from above him.
Mycroft met John’s eyes, back straightening. “No.” He agreed, voice filled with a quiet, ice-cold fury. “We won’t. I have a plan.”
“Sherlock, it’s okay. We can take a cab.” John squeezed Sherlock’s shoulder comfortingly. “You’re doing your best. It’s like you said, the police love open and shut cases. They won’t search all the way here. We’re okay. Come on.”
John leaned up to peck Sherlock on the lips as Sherlock’s eyes glazed over. “Soon, love. Come on, eat up.”
Sherlock shut up, and John pulled him into a hug. “I love it.” He murmured, turning his head to press his lips against Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock crossed over to the music stand, picking up his bow, and John nodded in understanding, going to sit down. Sherlock cocked his head, as though suddenly thinking of something.
Watson. Secondly, Magnussen gained nothing from letting John know- he would lose his hold over Sherlock for nothing more than the opportunity to watch him suffer. Thirdly, and oddly enough, the fact that really pulled him out of his rising panic- those weren’t John’s footsteps.
Silence fell between them again for several minutes. There had been little ambiguity in Sherlock’s words, no way to misinterpret them as being platonic in any way. Sherlock spent the moments bitterly cursing himself. Surely he could have made something up, invented an excuse. John had never seemed to notice all the other times Sherlock’s unwanted feelings threatened to bubble to the surface.
, and we’ve been together half that time, almost, and you never once broached the subject, or even made it seem like it was something you considered. Clearly it’s not something you want.”
Mary Morstan was dressed and made up, ready to leave, when her husband came in the door. She smiled at him, more out of habit than anything.
Sherlock nodded, and John leaned down to kiss him before leaving. Sherlock relaxed into the mattress, allowing himself to float as he listened to the sound of John’s footsteps on the stairs.
“I think I’ll stay in today.” Sherlock told John one morning. It was almost Spring now, and they’d been back in Europe for almost a week. “You should go, though. See that archaeological museum you were interested. I’m not so keen.”
By the time John sat back to admire his handiwork, Sherlock was sweaty and glassy-eyed, his thighs rubbed red and raw from John’s beard, and his cock was leaking so much that his precome was dripping into his dark thatch of pubic hair, more of it dribbling out of his slit as John watched.
“Could I- kneel?” He asked John. John shook his head, and a tiny, panicking part of Sherlock’s brain started panicking even harder. It wasn’t that he couldn’t, rationally, understand John’s intent. John felt guilty about what he’d said, he intended to apologise, he felt uncomfortable allowing Sherlock to put himself below him, physically and psychologically, when he was trying to make amends. Even so, there was a visceral sense of rejection. John refused his submission, refused him- the two were interchangeable to Sherlock in a way that they weren’t to John. As easily as John dominated Sherlock inside of a scene, outside of it he shrugged it off just as effortlessly, went back to being Just John, a separation that felt impossible to Sherlock, whose submission was wrapped tight around his psyche even before he met John. Now, years after, they’d been together this way for so long that being Just Sherlock, but without that sense of being with, belonging to John, seemed as hard as being Just Sherlock, but without his nervous system.
The ride back from the case was a tense one, John almost vibrating in his seat as he restrained himself from starting a scene with the cabbie listening in. As soon as they got in the door, though, the anger broke through his thin shields.
Sherlock could feel John shifting beneath him as he turned to look at him. “There’s no good way to grieve.”
“You really have been compromised, Mr. Holmes. Were you thinking about this?” He drew the vial of yellow liquid out of his jacket pocket. Sherlock glanced away, not wanting to look at it. “Oh, Mr. Holmes.” A cool hand cupped Sherlock’s cheek, guiding him to look at Magnussen. “I think I’ve mentioned before that I I find you very beautiful. Your body- it is lovely. I have no desire to change it.”
John’s mouth fell open, but no words came out, only breathy, half-voiced pants. His eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s face, watching him with an awestruck expression. He thrust up into Sherlock’s fist, and Sherlock stroked him faster, eagerly pushing him closer to orgasm. Sherlock’s own heart was pounding, breathless and dizzy with anticipation.
The mattress restraints were attached to the four corners of the mattress, so that Sherlock could be strapped spread-eagled to the bed. Sherlock shuffled closer to the headboard, spreading out his arms and legs. John secured first his arms, then his legs, making sure Sherlock was cuffed neither too loosely nor too tightly.
, trust him to know his limits and let John know where they are, trust that Sherlock would not allow John to continue if he was really hurt. And John has to trust himself and his own abilities as well.
Ahh, clever John! I hate it when people write John as bumbling or idiotic because he's not! He's very smart! Sherlock's brilliant, but John is also an intelligent man and I think it's important to respect and represent that when writing him as a character.
Dinner was an annoying affair, full of relatives Sherlock hadn’t seen in decades and cared nothing for. John and Sherlock begged off early and went to hide out in their room. The pair of them lounged on the bed, John googling potential travel destinations while Sherlock sprawled across the rest of the bed, gazing up at John’s profile.
John rolled his aching shoulder as the heavy weight of Sherlock’s head lifted off it, smiling slightly at Sherlock as the man blinked sleepily at him.
Magnussen rubbed his whiskered jaw across the back of Sherlock’s neck. “I did.” He agreed. “But you were taking so long, I thought I might join in on the fun.”
“God, it’s good to be out of those chairs.” He sighed, stretching. His back popped, and he moaned, sinking deeper against the soft mattress.
“Sit down, Sherlock. Talk to your father.” She added, as he came down the stairs. She hustled John upstairs before Sherlock could form another retort.
John gripped Sherlock’s hips and thrust into Sherlock as he lay limp and panting. With barely a dozen stroked he too was tumbling over the edge, fingers digging into Sherlock’s arse as he came with a long, low groan.
“Typical, John.” Sherlock hissed. “Always coming to the same conclusion, ‘Oh, it’s Sherlock being all aloof again, isn’t he funny, trying to pretend he doesn’t have feelings-’ I am
Sherlock spent a few minutes warming himself up, then he dialled John’s number, setting the phone to loudspeaker and putting it beside his head.
John smiled at Sherlock and opened the box. Inside was a little medal, fake but well made, set in velvet with a small plaque beneath it. It read- ‘To John Watson, in honour of five years of loyal service. Many thanks, Sherlock Holmes.’
“Doctor Watson.” Said Sherlock, edging into the room and shutting the door behind him. John’s sharp eyes didn’t miss the way his nimble fingers locked the door once it was closed. “I thought I’d come to say goodbye.”
John shook Sherlock’s elbow gently as the cab turned onto Baker Street. “Nearly home, Sherlock. Wake up.” He murmured.
Thus decided, they took a train back to London. Mrs Hudson met them at the door, fluttering delightedly about them.
Sherlock sighed. “I don’t know what to say, John. He- he raped me. I let him. He didn’t physically harm me. There was some other stuff, but that’s it, really. I didn’t like it, but it happened, and now it’s over. And you’re here. That’s good. I’m not- It’s a silly thing to say about something that’s been happening for months, but I’m still processing it. What do you want? An emotional reaction? I don’t even know how I feel right now, there’s too much. I could give you a blow-by-blow account, but that would take a while, and I don’t see what purpose that would serve.”
John leaned back, allowing his knees to fall open. “Well, all right. Since you asked so nicely.” He said with a quiet chuckle.
Bracing himself for his first look at the man to whom he would be bound for the rest of his life, Sherlock glanced up. A quiet gasp escaped him as he met the wide blue eyes of Doctor John Watson.
Sherlock just shrugged, and John sighed softly, crossing over to the sofa and sitting down. He patted the seat beside him, and Sherlock sat down, looking tense and uncomfortable.
John laughed, leaning up on his elbows to peck Sherlock on the lips. “You’re supposed to say it back.”
John leaned down, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s cock. He lapped at it, slowly, teasingly, savouring the sounds he drew out of Sherlock. It wasn’t long before Sherlock was fully hard and leaking precome, balls drawn full and tight. John leaned back, watching Sherlock, running his hands up and down Sherlock’s trembling thighs as he waited for Sherlock to calm down. Sherlock let out a shuddering breath, heart pounding against his ribcage as he struggled not to arch up into John’s strong, sure hands.
“Quite a realistic feeling.” He mused. He lifted it to his face, inhaling, soaking in Sherlock’s smell that lingered on the silicon. He set it on Sherlock’s bedside table, and his hands returned to Sherlock’s pants, fingers sliding over his labia.
He heard footsteps approach, and stop right in front of him. He looked up, and up, and up. Standing in front of him was a centaur. John recognised them, from the pictures in his books. Tears forgotten, he stared in awe.
“Well, firstly, I like the running. Secondly, I like my shirts. And thirdly, I like to keep it quiet, because it seems to make people even more frightening than they already do.”
“Not at first.” She admitted. “How we met, when we started dating, that was all real. Then he came back.” She glanced at Sherlock. “The way you looked at him- I knew I could never compete. I was going to leave you. But Magnussen made me stay with you.”
Sherlock’s arousal reignited at the reminder of the night that John had planned for them. Suddenly the warmth of John’s body against his left side turned from comforting to teasing, the hand on his knee turned from a solid, grounding weight to a promise of things to come. Sherlock’s had swam with anticipation, and the knowing look John was giving him did nothing to help.
Magnussen observed Sherlock’s brief struggle with himself, smiling as his features settled into a defeated expression. “Good boy.” He praised. He looked at the photographer standing at the side. “He’s all yours, Mr. Watson.”
Sherlock scowled. John was being deliberately obtuse. “I meant- I believe the popular term is ‘snogging’, or in the American colloquialism, since we were just there, ‘making out’ .” Sherlock continued talking quickly, before John could say anything. “Which is not something I’m particularly keen on, and I eventually decided I’d rather move on than get stuck on step two.”
John was a practical boy, and so he figured that walking was more likely to get him home than sitting around. So he picked a directing, and walked. The sun got lower, and lower. John didn’t seem any closer to reaching the end of the forest. Grown-up ten-year old boy he may have been, but John was tired, and hungry, and terribly lost. He sat down and began to cry.
John quickly surmised what was going on, his expression softening. He sat down next to Sherlock. “One of those days, huh?” He said sympathetically. “Anything I can do to help?”
He couldn’t shout to warn John. John was quite clearly in no mood to do sensible things like ducking. If he said ‘gun’ John would turn and fire, and then he would get shot. Mycroft could fire, but even if he managed to hit Magnussen, John would still get hit. Nearly every scenario that ran through his mind at lightning speed ended in John shot and possibly killed. Mycroft knew that no matter what, he could not allow this to happen. Sherlock had a huge amount of trauma to get through. He would not survive having John Watson’s death on top of that. Between their fraught relationship and Mycroft’s own cold nature, there would be little that Mycroft could do to help him to overcome that. There was only one solution that held a chance at a happy ending for Sherlock.
Sherlock closed his hand around John’s cock, watching John’s face intently as he did so. John looked back at Sherlock through lidded eyes, a soft smile playing about his lips. Sherlock slowly started to stroke him, adjusting his grip and changing the pressure according to the feedback from John’s expression.
