"Ah," John agreed, taking the steps slowly, so as not to face plant. "It's... nice. Very homey."
That night, John truly surrendered to Sherlock, and for the first time in his life, the seed that had been planted in his chest since his first encounter with John Watson began to grow and bloom until Sherlock could hardly breath past the swell of unfamiliar sentiment.
Sherlock smiled and stepped closer, a few paces away, now, but near enough for John to reach out and touch. He didn't.
“Jasper, stop this at once,” Mycroft demanded loudly, knocking on the partition twice for the driver to pull over. He rarely ever raised his voice, so when Jasper heard it, he stopped mid-kick swiveled to face his uncle, abashed as he spied the angry flush of red on Mycroft’s cheek. “I understand that you are angry with your father, but he has been searching for you without fail since you ran. In fact, I understand why you did it, but do you plan on running forever?”
After he'd placed the items on the bed next to them, Sherlock pulled John's head down for another slow, sensuous kiss, imbued with all the promises he held for the night ahead. He reached over and grabbed the condoms, once they broke apart, and tore off one to open and roll onto John's weeping cock.
Sherlock dragged the sponge across his chest, soothingly over his nipples and then harder over his stomach to scrub away the dried semen. Sherlock was a quiet presence behind him, and John didn't feel the need to fill the comfortable silence with chatter.
The man nodded vehemently, then said, “Left. The—the left.”
for info on updates and projects. All important news on updates are posted there, so don't miss out!
There was a loud rustle and then John was locked in a choke-hold by a deceptively frail figure in a lab coat. Wiry grey hair stood out in every which way, and Förstner's green eyes bulged from their sockets, darting about wildly. It was the needle in his hand that made Sherlock freeze, the point pressed against John's jugular vein.
John's eyes snapped open with a sense of panic and dread clawing viciously between his ribs.
Murray nodded, still seeming a bit troubled, but already adapting to the idea of being Sherlock's spy. “And you're sure you don't want me to get a message to him?”
As quick as it boiled up, John's anger died a lacklustre death until it faded back into worry and unmitigated fatigue. "Sarah, I- I
John smiled, a feigned indulgence, and turned his eyes away.
They found a small clearing to settle at late in the evening. By this time, John's feet were numb and his bladder was full, so he found a place to relieve himself before returning to their camp.
He wanted to have that length inside of him, ramming or slow, whichever way Sherlock preferred, as long as they both got off in the end. John licked his lips and thrust his hips up, watching as Sherlock’s eyes flicked down to his cock in obvious desire to touch it. Instead, Sherlock leant forward to press their lips together, his long, lean body covering John’s almost entirely.
Sherlock straightened up from his slump and prowled towards John, crowding him against the wall. With a steady hand— far steadier than John’s gelatinous knees—Sherlock tilted his chin up. “Another time perhaps,” he said softly, before bending close to lay a sweet, lingering kiss on John’s lips. “I wouldn’t dare pass up an opportunity to see you like this again, though a more ideal location would be preferred.”
"Goodnight, John." Then he was gone as if he had never been there, bedroom door clicking shut softly behind him.
"Sherwah!"
John chuckled, sitting back into the seat. “True enough.”
Sherlock needed to get Förstner talking until the cavalry arrived.
“Sherlock,” John returned, sliding into the seat opposite Sherlock. When they were settled, Sherlock ordered a bottle of white wine without a glance at the menu the waiter laid out on the table. “If I knew we were coming to a posh place like this, I would’ve worn something a bit…” John tugged on the collar of his best jumper, a cerulean, cashmere number his sister had bought him for his last birthday.
Angelo grinned broadly and finally released John's hand. “No, the pleasure is all mine. Sherlock is good man! He got me off a murder charge.”
Mike waved him off with a half-arsed hand gesture and urged John to continue with his retelling of events.
Eventually, he suffered the same fate as Murray. John was invalided back to London with a pension and a sad little bedsit to greet him.
Jasper's shoulders were shaking with anger and John wished to reach forward and calm him with a soothing touch.
John looked down for a moment, and when his eyes returned, Sherlock was suddenly breathless. “Please?”
The tunnel smelled like grime and sewage and reeked with the heady scent that clung to old structures that have stood for centuries. Overhead, rain pounded the streets, but the water never touched the ground beneath. The place was well kept, but not enough to ever arouse suspicion.
John pulled his legs up to his chest and wrapped his arms around them, feeling hollow, the earlier warmth a distant memory. Whoever this Moriarty character was to Sherlock, John was gutted by their interaction. He hadn't imagined Sherlock's fascination, nor the way his eyes lit up at the constant challenge that Moriarty embodied.
Jasper darted around, stacking papers and attempting to give the room some kind of order. "Sorry for the mess. My dad's a bit of a collector."
A long-fingered hand lodged itself into John's shorn hair, pulling sharply. John gasped, and Holmes finally relented his pillaging of the younger man's mouth, their harsh pants filling the silence. The air around them grew hot and moist as their breaths mingled.
Jasper didn't try to mask his disappointment, but he nodded in understanding, knowing that nothing could change John's mind. Jasper knew that if anything happened, John would blame himself and his inability to prevent it.
John rolled his eyes, chuckling. “Yes, you berk, come on.” He grabbed Sherlock’s hand unthinkingly, and pulled him towards the kerb, putting out his hand for a cab. Beside him, Sherlock dipped to kiss John’s neck as he turned away.
There was also the attraction to think of. John wasn't anything special. Plainly speaking, he was an average man; a little shorter than usual, but otherwise, there was nothing spectacular about him. Yet, Sherlock had wanted him so strongly that he'd risked his life to accompany John on a journey that held little benefit for him or his pack.
It was new and exciting, and as his venture into pharmacology continued, he found that he was never bored with it.
Sarah dog-eared the page in her book and set it aside before she manoeuvred herself to the edge of the bed where John sat with his chin resting in his palm, elbow propped on a thigh. She laid a small, gentle hand on his arm. "It's going to be fine, John. You know you don't actually have to meet with him. I'm sure he'd get the picture."
God, no, he wanted to tell her, if only because the moment she saw him, Sarah would know. She always knew. Then again, Sarah would be suspicious if John declined. He should have left the text unanswered, but a fat lot of good that would do now.
"Yes."
It was all just a matter of time, in his opinion.
It wasn’t until he entered a clinic late in the day that he saw a familiar face.
“I-um… thank you, Sherlock. For letting me stay the night.” John swallowed, brows furrowed as he flicked his eyes between Sherlock and his own clenched fists. “I don't—um, expect you to forgive me or anything, but it's nice—”
The aroma wafting from the kitchen was mouthwatering, and John realized he hadn't had much to eat that day, besides a slice of toast and a packet of crisp he grabbed during the graduation celebration. Right on queue, John's stomach groaned loudly, as if he hadn't enough to be embarrassed about already.
Seriously, the man was killing him.
Holmes flashed a crooked grin in blatant self-satisfaction, preening like some damned peacock, and perched an eyebrow challengingly at the younger man. John’s defensiveness leaked away under Holmes’ charms, shoulders dropping in defeat as he shook his head. "You're insufferable. I really don't think working for you would be a good idea."
John sputtered, indignant, and stubbornly refused to look down to where his pants were most assuredly tented. He wasn't going to allow Holmes the satisfaction of knowing that the moment between them affected John more than he was capable of admitting. "You can hardly blame me when you were shoving your tongue halfway down my throat!"
Sherlock seemed startled and bemused by his reply, jaw slack in a sudden turn of tables. “What?”
and Morgan for making this chapter lovely and readable! You two give me life!
"Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock cut off the elderly woman's admonishment between gritted teeth, "if you'll please bring the food to the table. We're all more than a bit hungry."
- being the merciful gentleman that I am, decided that it would be fair to pass it on in the hopes that you'll do the right thing with said information.”
“You- John you,” Sherlock fumbled, grabbing the hair on the nape of John's neck roughly. John reciprocated by grabbing two handfuls of those midnight curls and yanking. Sherlock nipped his lips hard enough to draw blood, crimson liquid staining his chin. “Fuck…”
Sherlock walked through the door, pulling his gloves off as he walked down the last set of stairs that would take him to the underground club. The doorman on the other side pulled it open with an, “Evening, Mr Holmes,” and stepped back to let him through.
Lestrade swore and swept out the room behind the medics, leaving Sherlock alone with forensics, taking pictures of Förstner's cooling body. Unfortunately, John's gun had been bagged as evidence.
Follow me on
Despite having spewed his own vicious words, John's request burned, little, hot coals smouldering in his chest. It made him cross that he couldn't tell his anger apart from passion. Sherlock hated him and in equal parts adored him even still, missed John much more than he cared to admit, and was eager to crawl inside of him as he’d done before.
John stood and walked to the treeline where Sherlock was waiting for him. The other man was looking at him with a deep, profound stare that John translated almost immediately, because he felt it as harshly as he ever had. Hatred. Rage. Loss. Hatred. Rage. Loss… Acceptance.
The human was hysterical at this point, and John could barely hear himself over the timbre of Sherlock's aggression.
Sex hadn’t been much more than something to occupy his mind, something to keep him away from more disreputable vices; merely an exchange of power and bodily fluids. Sex had never gone hand-in-hand with love and emotions, and he had years of experience to prove that. Prior to John, he never had issues with divorcing sentiment and carnal knowledge.
Jasper shook his head to himself and kept walking, pulling the fleece cap tighter over his curls. Nothing for it now, he figured. He would have to make due with the park bench and hope that his father didn't happen by him. Jasper knew he was looking for him, and it was quite a risk sleeping outside of the shelter. Jasper hadn't even don't
So with vigour, Sherlock began to rut on John's lap, growling as John's teeth clamped down on his shoulder. John's hands were still guiding his movements, shoved beneath his waistband to press against Sherlock's bare waist. He was sure there would be bruises there the next day, but no matter. By that time, Sherlock would be sated and hopefully indulging in another taste.
John didn't need any more incentive than that. He was already shirtless, so all he needed to do was shuck his jeans.
He turned to Holmes holding her juice in until their lips met, salty liquid spilling down to their chins as Holmes wrapped an arm around John’s waist and pulled him forward.
“That won’t be necessary. A vehicle will be there within the next two hours.” Message delivered, the line went dead with a muted click.
Jim's smile widened as he peeked into the envelope, and in a moment of unadulterated pleasure, he sang, “I know something you don't know!”
Sherlock shrugged on his jacket, watching his son warily. “I'll be gone for a few hours at most. Is there anything you need,” he asked when Jasper still hadn't said a word. Jasper pushed his glasses up and raised his eyes from his feet, finally opening his mouth to speak.
The response was almost immediate.
And it was true. John's mind was constantly on Sherlock as much as it was on the hunters, but even he was clever enough to know that that was an unhealthy balance. He was getting attached.
It was risqué, offering John a position with his company and one that functioned so closely to his own, unknowing if he would quickly grow bored with his new enigma. When he'd approached Janine about his decision, Sherlock was surprised to find that he was genuinely nervous to hear what she had to say.
God, he was so wrecked.
Victor smiled, his dark eyes going soft in nostalgia, before he focused back on his work. “Mm-hm, I recall you never giving them, however,” he teased. “Though, you've always been a very expressive person. You didn't always have to say what you were thinking.” Then Victor paused, casting Sherlock a knowing look that said more than enough about what they were
The scent of his own excitement mingled with the aromatic musk of an equally aroused Alpha, and Sherlock was inhaling greedily, befuddled and on the verge of tipping over. A minute later, Billy was bounding up the stairs, tripping over the creaky fourth step in his haste.
The noise of Baker Street, and Mrs Hudson, and the lorry, and the obnoxious driver one street over fell away, until the room was muffled in silence. Sherlock’s ears popped with the change, accompanied by the sudden, tinny bout of tinnitus. It appeared John had learned a thing or two about keeping his cards close during his time away, because for the first time, Sherlock couldn’t read the straight line of his lips or what made his brow crease. It was like opening a new book for the first time, curious to see where it would take him.
John shrugged. “That’s all I've got at the mo’.”
“I’ve never needed people. In fact, I find the human race quite dismal. I’m constantly confounded that this species has successfully evolved to this point, considering Darwin’s theory of evolution and natural selection—”
Sherlock merely ran his tongue over his muzzle and yawned. John couldn't smell blood anymore, so he must have found a source of water to wash off in.
"Why, exactly, are we keeping him chained down here like a prisoner, Sherlock?"
“Extraordinary.”
Playlist:
John froze, blinking a few times before he looked up with a bemused frown. “What do you mean?”
She found him sitting at the kitchen table, peering into a microscope at a slide of murky, green liquid. He looked up when she drew near, and pushed away from the table.
"Shit," the teen swore under his breath. His sister was such a coward, never wanting to face herself or the things she put others through. John didn't even know why he put up with her shit. Honestly, he didn't know why he put up with either of them. Remembering his mother, John turned to see if his mother was still in her drugged haze on the couch, and found it empty. His mother had gone, meaning she had to step over him to do so. She probably hadn't even stopped to see if John was still breathing before she went on her new quest to find something to dumb her sorrows.
Once again, Molly had shown him a kindness John hadn't known he'd been starved for. For a moment, John could forget that he was in a room of angry wolves, all fighting over his place in their world; he was struggling to figure out where he fit anymore.
"If she-," Rupert paused, licking his lips nervously before he continued, "when she comes back, your mother and I have decided that we will do whatever it takes to get her into a good program." John could see his father's Adam's apple bob as he swallowed, and the sheen of his eyes. "That's still my little girl, and I'm not going to give up on her."
Even in the darkness, Sherlock's eyes never wavered, pellucid in the dim light of the room. No one had ever looked at John that way, pierced through him with their gaze like Sherlock could. So, John looked away, afraid of what Sherlock would see if he looked too deep. It was too soon to lose something he'd just discovered; it was like a new and wonderful thing that seemed all too good to be true. That was all well and good, but John wanted to hold on to this crazy, wonderful man while he could.
“In a few hours, I hope.”
“Are you alright?”
Sherlock gently withdrew his fingers and took a measured breath, breathing a bit harder than he was before. John could see his cock pressed against his trousers, the silhouette of a long, hard ridge. From his pocket, he procured a plain black plug, thick round the body and narrow at the tip, and added lubricant before placing it against John's loosened hole. With a quick flick of his eyes up to John, Sherlock pressed it in with unhurried precision until the tip just barely grazed his prostate.
"Sherwah!"
John backed away until he felt the backs of his knees hit the edge of the bed, and lowered himself slowly.
The feel of long, thin fingers preparing him, moving inside of him, pulled a delighted gasp from John's lips. When had it ever felt this good, he wondered, being dismantled so carefully, so slowly. Sherlock watched his face closely as he worked John's hole looser with benevolent fingers, his own lips parted slightly in wonder and arousal. His dark fringe sat slick and tousled on his forehead. God, he was so beautiful, it hurt to look at.
Mycroft's eyes zeroed in, looking for weaknesses, flaws, strengths, all the things a competent Were would look for when sizing up a possible opponent. “John Watson, then,” Mycroft repeated, more to himself, as if he were filing John's name away for future references. “If my brother doesn't survive this, you had better hope that you don't either.”
John broke away from the kiss, angling his hips up to meet Holmes’ as the man set a brutal pace that had them both crying out. Holmes bottomed out on each thrust, right against his prostate.
John moaned at the praise, allowing Sherlock to manhandle his head back to where he wanted it, a large hand fisted in his hair.
It wasn't until the two of them had dried off and their bodies pressed close in Sherlock's bed, that John began to really think about what they had done together. Jasper had been just a thought in the background, but now his best friend weighed heavily on his conscious. John had just engaged in sexual intercourse with his best friend's father and was now sleeping in bed with him.
“Thank you, Lestrade, for fighting for me... you know,” John mumbled pathetically, waving his finger round, gesturing towards the house and the land, before using it to scratch behind his ear, awkwardly. He'd never been good at goodbyes.
“You always did have a way of bringing me back,” John said, his chest compressing painfully. Bill always knew what to say, even if it wasn't anything John wanted to hear.
"I see," John grumbled as they began to tackle the stairs now. "Is he always that pleasant?"
A cozy silence cocooned them in the darkness, an intimacy Sherlock hadn’t afforded himself since John left for the army. He’d missed this; the proximity of John, the scent of him, touching him the way a lover should.
"Tell me I'm mad and that this isn't what you want," Sherlock said, stilling his motions, so that he could gaze down at John beneath him. One hand was resting on the underside of John's thigh, needlessly holding it there, as if Sherlock were convinced that John would try to struggle away. The rope made this impossible, but John wondered if the touch was more for Sherlock's reassurance than anything.
Afterwards, in the bath, Sherlock washed John's body with all the gentleness and knowing strokes of a man familiar with his lover’s body. John was wonderful, a perfect fit in the ‘V' of Sherlock's legs. Had Sherlock believed in a creator, then he’d be convinced that John was made explicitly for him.
Although Sherlock loathed Jim, there was still that connection there from years ago. He never fooled himself into thinking there was any sort of love between them, not even close, but the hate they held between them during their time together was so intertwined with lust that Sherlock often couldn't tell the two apart.
. Fury crawled up his belly with claws that sank deep, buried itself in his throat and made him want to scream, lodged in his brain and dredged up bitter thoughts.
“Sherlock-,” Lestrade began, but Sherlock snapped over him before he could truly begin nagging.
Mycroft, having stayed silent throughout Sherlock's monologue, finally broke in, every trace of condescension absent from his tone. “What happened?”
He sighed, hugging Sherlock closer. “I'm sorry, Sherlock. You've been wonderful…” And he had, so why was something tickling just at the back of his mind? Why wouldn't the uneasy feeling fade?
“Why, so I can watch you playing house with John?”
Decision made, Sherlock tipped him over until John’s back touched the floor. Sherlock hovered over him, pulse racing and throat tight as John stared up at him with eyes far more worldly than he remembered. Sherlock could reconcile that John was a different man, now, but he would always look at John and see the young man that had trusted him so completely; the young man that Sherlock adored and would do anything for. They were one and the same, but with some marked differences.
It wasn't until he had righted himself and followed Sherlock back to the rest of the pack that John realized what he'd just done.
John's wardrobe was about as lacklustre as  Sherlock had expected it to be. Ugly jumpers and trousers that did nothing for John's figure. That would have to change soon.
Sherlock frowned. "That's annoying. Still, could be the same SUV from the Moran house."
Sherlock couldn't stop looking round the room, seeking out tiny details and filing them away without analysis. He couldn't quite…. There was a stack of bound plays:  Shakespeare, Ibsen, O'Neill, Chekhov, Williams. A pile of folded shirts, solids, stripes, Tattersall. A tie with a pale-pink floral design flung across a faded chintz slipper chair, a pair of trainers upended against the wall. Another book on the bedside table, a bit dusty:
- but hadn't probed more deeply. And Sherlock had never called. He hadn't responded to the marvellous little double bluff Jim had constructed, and Jim had waited, checked his phone, made certain that it had been functioning properly…. Nothing. Nyet. Nein. Nada. Non. Nihil.
Jim Moriarty, or a version of him. I saw it on the television programme, he's not much different. He prides himself on his unpredictability – he
That sounded like an excellent idea. Benedict studied John's face for a moment. Sherlock had been worried for him. Genuinely worried, even close to panicking. Maybe it hadn't been fair to needle him so much. "Moriarty's not going to touch you again."
"All your personal belongings are right here," Vertue said, pointing to a large duffel bag on the floor. "And I've got your phone in my bag." She rummaged through the handbag (Louis Vuitton, deep green Epi leather, at least it wasn't one of those monogrammed horrors) and withdrew a mobile, handing it to him.
Mycroft ignored this. "Evidently the pair of them attempted to revive her, but she had likely been dead for at least an hour, according to the PA, Georgina. Georgina called me –"
"God, which time? There must be dozens." John slid to the floor and rested his hands on his upraised knees. "Right, there was this time in Kandahar, my first month, and the supply trucks were held up outside of…Rambasi, I think, some town near the Tarnak River. An administrative glitch, if you can believe that. So the base got hit out of nowhere, the power went out, the emergency generators were fucking destroyed, everyone was scrambling, and there I was trying to put a kid's intestines back into his body with two meds holding a couple of torches overhead. We were all deaf as fucking posts from the discharge, the injuries were stacking up, every few minutes we'd take another hit and stuff would go flying and crashing to the floor. Everywhere there were screams, people I couldn't help right away. I didn't think it would be a garden party, but it was a hell of an introduction. I was elbow-deep in the poor kid's belly, and all I wanted to do was dig a hole and hide."
"I'm knackered, actually," John said. "I could use a nap." He
"Mycroft gave me a book on communicable diseases on my tenth birthday," Sherlock remarked, a faint smile on his face. "Lots of illustrations."
"What the fuck are you doing here? Sue said she was taking you back to the hotel. I didn't even think you'd be out yet. What were you thinking, grabbing hold of a live wire, you twat?"
"Maybe on my way back, then. I read about – "Sherlock fumbled his phone from his pocket. "Er, Maddstone House? Owned by the Burgess family."
He counted:  one, two, three – and leapt up. He should tidy, just a bit.
"Oi. Oi, Benedict!" A hand tugged at his elbow, but before he could turn on the perpetrator, they came to Baker Street. He bounced on his heels, waiting for the doors to open, and the hand tugged again, more insistently.
There was no response; Cumberbatch's face was white, his body frighteningly still.
He didn't. Henry wiped the spittle off with the back of his hand and stared at it in comical amazement. Then he smiled. "You just earned
"I'll tell Sir Mycroft you're here, Mr Holmes," Mycroft's butler murmured, taking Sherlock's coat. "Please wait in the library."
"What?"
He whistled a little trotting up the steps, and fitted his key into the lock. Stepping inside, he heard a rustling and froze.
Sherlock smiled a little. Tom wasn't entirely stupid. He grudgingly admitted to himself that Cumberbatch's choice of partner was not altogether awful. "You really want to embroil yourself in a gigantic scandal? Have you got any idea of how the press will prod at you? You think you're famous now – wait until you emerge as the centre of a serial killing."
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes. Clearly she wasn't going to leave until
Sherlock smiled, a trace of his old smugness returning. "Fortunately," he said, "I have the perfect solution."
He had to tell her. Soon. Before she solidified plans to leave.
Drawing on his other glove, Sherlock went to the door, John close on his heels. He left without a word and retraced his steps through the galleries. "Uncommunicative," he murmured. "Uncommunicative."
(See the end of the chapter for
“I heard something awfully interesting some time ago.”
"Don't mind him," Henry said. "He's always got his knickers in a knot over Tom. You know how it is. Come on back, if you've finished."
"You're the one who brought home the air sac. The experiment's probably ruined now anyway – I want you to throw the syringe out. Preferably unopened."
Sorry for the delay on this one. RL has been particularly intrusive.
"Excellent."
"Lucky guess. Do you talk, the two of you?"
"She's gone back to the States."
wasn't in the script, and neither was –" Benedict bit his lip hard before saying anything about Sherlock and Mycroft's relationship – though that might have been a ruse. Definitely a ruse. "At any rate, I think he's ruining my reputation as an actor because there are
"You got an electrical shock."
"Good. Good." John produced the carrier bag and held it out. Sherlock didn't move, so he stepped closer. "Erm – Mary found this, or rather I found it in some of Mary's stuff. Forgot you'd lent it to me. Sorry about that."
The man smiled. "Not bad. They said you were sharp."
"That sounds lovely. Good night, Nora." He gave her a little wave and watched her retreat. "I should be off as well."
“Thank you, darling. It is lovely. I always trust your taste.”
"Rushing to the rescue?" Mycroft sneered. "Is this not a bit too convenient, Dr Watson?"
Sherlock hadn't been bullied by John in ages and would have died rather than admit that it was giving him a pleasant sensation of nostalgia because if there was one thing he was not it was nostalgic, so he sighed again, rolled his eyes for good measure, and propped his foot on the bed, pulling up his trouser leg. "There."
"Still recording," someone else replied.
Moriarty tilted his head to one side as if he hadn't heard the question properly. "Sorry?"
Sherlock's brow laddered. "At least I didn't have to lug
"Certainly I do, John. I remember every moment. I haven't been afflicted with amnesia."
---Give me a better light.
"Not yet." Seb sighed.
"It's an academic question, I reckon," Sherlock conceded. "Still, you can't blame me for being curious. Bad accident, was it, with the eye? Firing pin after a hard recoil? Must have hurt."
"I know." Henry held a silvery packet in his hand.  He steered Tom to his chair and urged him down. "Have a seat." He ripped the packet open, and a sweetish stench filled the air.
After a tense moment, she yielded, then pulled away and ran a hand down John's arm, gripping it loosely above his elbow. "Look, it's late and I've got work in the morning." She took another step backward. "Maybe we can have lunch next week or something. I'll call you."
"Hm. So are congratulations in order, or condolences?"
A cold chill settled over his body. It wasn't…it couldn't be. Tom, playing a joke? No…Tom's phone was on the worktop. And he hadn't told anyone else what had happened. Tom's side-effects ruse had worked perfectly. Though he'd had trouble meeting Mark's eyes for a few weeks, and Mark apparently felt the same. But even that had blown over, eventually.
The woman's regard slid to John, then she shrugged. "You're not the first and you likely won't be the last. Come in." She pulled the door open and stepped aside.
Sherlock cut his eyes down and saw the erection in Henry's trousers.
"Hmph. Have you got a cigarette?"
Too surprised to respond, Sherlock sat in silence as John left, then touched his fingertips to his cheek.
John put a hand out and turned the knob. The door swung open, and he stepped over the threshold into a small and slightly shabby front room:  ordinary if dated furnishings, faded ivy-and-floral wallpaper, a vague smell of disuse. The carpeted floor creaked beneath his feet.
"I do now," Mary said softly.
John squinted through the throbbing pain. Yes, now that face looked familiar. He remembered the man, lean and taciturn and efficient. He'd strapped John into the Semtex.
"Busy."
"You'll work something out." John slung the coat over a chair and looked round the room; it hadn't changed much, if at all, in four years. With a pang John realised that the last time he'd seen it was just before their awful fight.
"You're funny. Right, so." The man flung something light into Sherlock's lap. Sherlock looked down and saw a long white plastic cable tie. "Be a good lad and secure your right wrist to the chair, will you?"
"If you have a moment," John put in.
"And who else knows about this…switch?"
"I think it's very clear how she died, little brother, and quite candidly I don't really care
He gazed at his reflection in the smudged mirror above the little pedestal sink. He
"Whoa, hey!" John caught Sherlock's arm and steered him toward his bedroom. "You're not going anywhere for at least a week. You heard the doctor – rest and quiet. You're lucky there wasn't a brain bleed – you're not even supposed to be reading. I think you should see about getting some sort of security system for the house, though. That's twice that guy's broken in."
Mycroft appeared to chew on that for a bit. "Fair point," he conceded with a shrug. "Simply put, Sherlock would have had a specific reaction to that. You did not. He can be erratic, but at that last, he is remarkably consistent. I don't think my brother is quite…the past year has changed him, but not, I suspect, entirely. That said, Dr Watson is…good for Sherlock." Mycroft paused, and his shoulders slumped a bit. He turned back to Benedict. "Which is why I've agreed to help him. I'll be in touch with the appropriate parties, and the extant records of the Jeff Hope shooting will be altered or expurgated accordingly."
"I'd hoped, but – you really are predictable. In that case, Sherlock, we have a problem. Our final problem."
"Erm. Cheers," Sherlock said, hoisting his glass.
"Shh." She threaded her fingers through his hair and gently pulled him close. "Been a while, hasn't it?"
John thought carefully before answering. "Maybe."
"You're
Sherlock took the box. "Ms Tresler, you had a companion, Eamonn Reilly. He doesn't live with you any longer?"
"My head's hurting," Sherlock said ruefully. "Probably just as well."
He turned to Benedict and shouted a muffled protest.
Sherlock nodded up at a framed X-ray on the wall. "A cephalothoracopagus. You must be very interested in them. Can't imagine you see many in this line of work, orthopaedics notwithstanding."
Sherlock regarded John: his beaming, weathered face, his silly Nordic jumper, the smear of dust on his nose. A tide of emotion threatened to undo him. “You’re giving me the worst of it.”
No time to think about it at present, he decided, and switched lights on, then moved cautiously into the front room. Pristine, looked as though nobody ever went in there. There was a tiny loo – clean except for a folded flannel on the sink. Wet, recently used.
Mary tousled her hair and winked at John. "Yes. Ready in about twenty minutes. Is your homework finished?"
Martin spread his hands wide. "Great. Excellent. Well done you. You realise they're probably going to send the police now as well?"
Sherlock shrugged. "Doesn't matter."
"Hm. You've got a fair point, I suppose. Well. Down to business then, I guess." Moriarty crossed one leg over the other at the knee. "We've got some left-over problems to deal with, you know. Do you remember what I told you at the pool – what would happen if you continued to meddle in my affairs?" He folded his hands together and smiled up at Sherlock, the smile of a patient teacher encouraging the slowest pupil in the class.
"True," Benedict said with a shrug.
Sherlock looked sharply at John. “What do you mean?”
"They can be such arseholes – Peter and Henry, and even Graham. Fi and Lucy are okay, mostly. I'm embarrassed for them, and embarrassed for myself because I've always considered them friends, even when they're stupid. Tonight was a mistake. But Ben –" Tom looked Sherlock full in the face for a few seconds before turning back to the road. "God, I wish you hadn't lashed out like that."
"Of course we're only too delighted to assist." The procurement manager, a cadaverous ginger named Paul Enright, folded his hands atop his desk and gave Sherlock a grin full of capped teeth peculiarly square and homogenous in size, like two crowded rows of sugar lumps. "I've helped the BBC quite often when they've needed supplies – even for
John slipped his phone back into his pocket and noticed Mary watching him. No, not exactly – her eyes were unfocussed, her mouth downturned. "Hey," he said, catching her hand. "It's going to be okay."
"Sherlock!"
John peered at Sherlock over his shoulder. "We can't…I don't want to talk about the…the past. All that stuff."
Funny that John had stopped himself. He ought to have known that Sherlock wasn't the condemning sort. Maybe it had been too long for John to remember that, though. And as for passing judgment on his gambling addiction, well – Sherlock had his own socially unacceptable habits, and still indulged them now and then.
"Oh." Benedict took the phone from his pocket and gave it to John. "I need the loo," he said, and walked out of the room. He went down the corridor blindly and saw the door to the First lounge, which he recognised upon stepping inside. Two uniformed police officers were talking to the bartender, who glanced at him and then turned his attention back to the police. Benedict found the toilet, went into a stall, and locked it. Wrapping his arms around himself and screwing his eyes shut, he tried to still his trembling.
"Mm. Huh." Benedict moaned as his shoulders sagged forward, his hands dropped to his sides, and blood flowed back into starved tissue. He felt himself rolled over again and lifted up. Sherlock was propping him up. His head lolled backward, and the light stung his eyes even through closed lids.
"You and I must have a conversation, Sherlock. The sooner, the better, I'm afraid."
"Oh, Jesus," John muttered.
He'd always been cheerfully dismissive of fan-fiction, fanfic, whatever. He'd scanned a few, and it was always Sherlock and John, Sherlock and John, a lot of sex, a lot of romance, some creepy stuff, but….
"Almost undoubtedly," Benedict shot back. "And yet." Inwardly he smiled a bit.
What now? He couldn't go inside; what in God's name would he do? Watch telly, surf the internet, read a book? He doubted Cumberbatch had any books worth reading at any rate. No, he wouldn't sit on his arse. Sod that.
His Lordship's words had the ring of truth, Sherlock realised. Mycroft was hardly a social butterfly. "Fair enough."
No, that wouldn't do it.
Benedict glanced up; John was still watching anxiously. "Could I have a word with John? A private word?"
Dear God. "Oh, that's very kind. Thanks." He glanced at his watch. Nine o'clock.
Meditating on that, John slipped into a deep sleep.
"Nope."
"Right." Sherlock folded his legs inward and waited.
"I don't really bother with AC. I can turn it on if you like."
John didn't want to talk about going anywhere. "And you got Nora a phone."
"Jail's never a safe place." Benedict grasped John under the arms and started to drag him. The sirens wailed on, earsplitting now, too fucking close.
They released Sherlock's head and pulled the cloth away. Sherlock spluttered and gasped, trying not to sob aloud. He bent forward as far as he could and vomited water between his knees, then stayed hunched over, shivering and coughing, his brain stuttering through some semblance of rationality.
"Yes, yes. Absolutely." John hesitated, then pulled Sherlock into another embrace.
"What sort of incendiary devices have you got planted in the stores?" Sherlock asked, determined to ignore the sensation of chill metal against his skin. "I assume they're already there, well ahead of the launch."
"If you have something to say, just say it, Mycroft."
He stretched and opened his naked legs invitingly, but John was ignoring him, poring over a stack of CVs. "Just pick one, for God's sake, and come back to bed."
John nearly tripped dashing into the front room, skidding to a halt just in time to see Sherlock rise and greet Mary with kisses on both cheeks. "Mary. You're looking very well." Sherlock glanced at John and smiled a little. "Much more fit than John, I must say."
Mycroft thought Meredith would have approved of the way he'd managed the sordid affair of the stolen art. Each piece they'd rescued was headed either to families who'd owned them at the time of their seizure, or to museums, guided by appropriate cultural liaisons. Except for the Rembrandt. There had been no family to claim it, and so Mycroft had asked for the piece himself, as a memento in lieu of the not-unimpressive reward that the Crown had offered him for services rendered, et cetera. Upon his death it would pass to the National Gallery.
Sherlock half-turned. "About what?"
"Londonderry. And he said he'd made a deal with the devil. Obviously he was trying to tell me about his brother, but he was afraid, or hesitant to betray him – we've got to go back. Tomorrow."
John remembered Sherlock's uncharacteristic and penetrating gentleness at the racecourse, as if he'd seen into every one of John's habits, his frequently visited websites, the two thousand pounds he'd lost last year. Or possibly, the extra pint, sometimes two extra pints, that he'd imbibed the last eight or ten times he'd visited the pub – not a lot, but enough to make the waistband of his trousers tight and send him resentfully to the park for evening jogs. Sherlock's voice, quiet as it was, felt like a reproach, and John wasn't prepared to humbly accept reproaches from Sherlock Holmes. It was pointless to belabour what couldn't be undone, but that didn't mean all was forgiven. "Yeah. Well, at some point you realise that you've got responsibilities. You grow up a little. Just a little." He smiled, but bitterness flooded his stomach. How fucking pompous he sounded. "I'll see you, Sherlock." He wheeled and headed for the door.
He had a piss and was contemplating the tub when Tom pushed the door open. "Hey. You going to shower?"
"Of course not. The office was dark, but the laptop was open, and the screen cast a glow onto the opposite wall. It hadn't gone into sleep mode. It was a top-of-the-line model, too – ultra-thin and light and about a thousand quid a pop. Dedalus Communications employees have most of the mod cons, but judging from the other computers in the office space, only the top banana has the thousand-quid version."
, right? Your best friend's wife pushing up daisies? Puh-lease. I did you a favour, Sherlock. Left the road wide open for you and Johnny boy. That's what you wanted, wasn't it?" Moriarty put on an expression of mock innocence. "Besides, she'd have got herself topped eventually. Professional hazard and all that."
Mycroft frowned. "Sorry?"
"Drop it. Whose house is this?"
---He dead too?
"Oh, right." The nurse smiled a bit nervously. Already called the papers, likely, promised them some sort of exclusive. "About that picture – do you mind?"
Sherlock lay prone and still on the floor half in and half out of the loo, dark fabric covering his head.
"I've just been so busy, Lucy," Tom said.
Fann laughed. "Maybe. Are you done?"
He made his way to street level and began walking toward 221B. There had to be some grounding point, some means of connection, some fine grain of data that would provide answers to his problem.
"What the fuck is going on?" Benedict demanded.
He'd have advised Tom to stay still and calm and conserve his energy for escape, but obviously that was a bit of a problem. It wasn't critical, though. Henry was making mistake after mistake in his panic. He hadn't bothered to determine whether Sherlock had phoned the police, though admittedly he might have heard his conversation with Tom and made a determination on his own. He'd hustled them out in broad daylight, risking someone seeing them. He hadn't looked for Sherlock's phone. He had two victims now instead of one, and though he'd likely enjoy the process of torment and murder, shipping and handling had suddenly become a much greater issue. He'd thrown a heavy bag into the back of the Land Rover, presumably containing some basic implements of torture, but away from his home base his methods and technique would suffer, a decided spanner in the works of any power/control killer, who preferred to exercise the tightest discipline over their choice of crime scene. Scattering forensic evidence willy-nilly – oh, that was a very telling move indeed. Serial killers who made mistakes were easier to escape or overpower. All that was required was the right opportunity. It had to be fairly soon, though – once Henry secured them both in their new location, they had perhaps an hour, possibly two, before he began to torture one or both of them. Weakened and in pain, they had a much slimmer chance of survival. He had to be patient and constantly alert.
Sherlock slitted one eye open, glanced at her, then clamped his mouth shut and let his sigh out through his nose. If this woman insisted on talking, the least she could do was talk about something besides the accident and let him think. He doubted she had anything constructive to say.
? Sighing, he scooped out a small amount, rubbed it between his hands, and smoothed it on his hair.
"You said her toes were broken."
John cradled a mug of tea in his hands. He'd offered one to Mycroft, but Mycroft had refused, his expression vaguely disgusted, as if John had offered him a dirty snotrag. "How did you know where we were?"
John looked at his watch. "Almost half seven."
"It's certainly not common, but it's possible that you could be a bit dizzy following the injection. It's best that you rest, and it's always nice to have a family member or friend to hand so they can fetch and carry for you." She grinned again. "Never hurts to take advantage once in a while."
Not Sherlock. Not…she was wrong. Sherlock had his vulnerabilities, to be sure – Johnny Watson, the old lady downstairs, the silver-fox cop – now
Miranda sighed and set her knife down. She turned round and met Greg’s gaze. “Okay, all right. Fine. I don’t want to fight either.”
"I'm so sorry about this."
"You took the first step," she said sleepily. "I'm glad I asked you to pull that hat down."
"You all right?"
"Lights, camera – action!"
Everything came back in a huge, unpleasant rush. Sussex. The cottage. Breakfast. Explaining everything to John – oh, thank God, that was out of the way at least. The attack. Oh, God, they'd been attacked. Where was he now? And who –?
"Right, where are we headed?" John inquired, tapping on the divider.
"Right." Mary got to her feet and went into the main portion of the cellar, aiming her phone light here and there. She didn't see Sherlock's clothes, but she saw the source of the odours of plastic explosive she'd detected:  looked like a hundred kilos of C4, stacked against one wall. She pulled a sheet from a hulking object that turned out to be a wardrobe, shook out the dust, and brought it to Sherlock. "I don't see them. Let's use this for the moment. Can you stand?" She held a hand out. "Use the bench, too." She helped him up and wrapped an arm round his waist again to steady him. "Sorry. I don't think you could manage clothes anyhow."
Sherlock took Benedict's hand. "Thank you for keeping him safe."
"Not at all." Henry gave Graham his drink, then Tom, then seated himself on the chesterfield.
"Shut up, Sherlock," John hissed. "All right? Just shut the fuck up before you make this any worse, you arsehole. You fucking wanker."
"Jesus, Sherlock." John rugby-tackled Sherlock to the bed and kissed him. "I don't fucking deserve you, you know that?"
Throwing back the covers, John lurched out of bed, tripping over something, staggering forward a few steps, and bracing his hand against the wall. He turned back and saw that he'd tripped over his own shoes, laid out neatly at the foot of the bed. He was dressed except for his coat, which was draped over the desk chair, and the shoes.
"Can't be," Benedict whispered.
Sherlock obediently tightened the loop. "There."
"Fuck, fuck –" Clumsily, he pulled down her scrubs and the scrap of pink panties she wore. He spread her knees apart, lifted her, and plunged in. She was ready for him, and he encircled her with his arms, groaning and thrusting until he came with a low roar of relief. He wanted to collapse, but she wasn't done, so he plowed deep and hard, panting with exertion, until she tightened around him and cried out.
As the car crawled past Sherlock, Mycroft watched Sherlock pull his phone from his pocket and sighed again.
"Whoa, steady on." John inspected Sherlock. "Are you…you're pale. Are you going to vomit?"
"We needn't look back that far," Sherlock said as the lock gave with a satisfying click. "Nick Dedalus was a nobody before he hit it big, and it’s unlikely that he moved in Moran's circles. Moran claims he was out of prison in five days, so let's go back ten years and no further. If he's moving left to right, this cabinet's the most recent one." He pulled the bottom drawer open: empty. He moved to the next drawer, and the next, and the next. "Or the next cabinet, perhaps," he muttered. Spying a library ladder next to a wall of books, he dragged it to the cabinets and climbed up, opening the topmost drawer. "No luck. Next cabinet it is."
"No," Sherlock said gently. "Sleep, John. We'll be quite busy tomorrow."
Well, until someone proposed a better hypothesis, he wouldn't rule out the entirely improbable. And probably, even in this universe, if there were hospitals, there were psych wards, so Ben Cumberbatch he would be until he got this sorted.
"You listen, Mr Holmes," Moran said. "I'm impressed. Most people don't. Did you enjoy playing my violin?"
Sherlock glared at John briefly over his shoulder. "It's getting better."
! I knew something was wrong –"
"Right. Benedict." The PA – Nina, he remembered, her name was Nina – smiled timidly as she retrieved her clipboard, and smoothed back a thick skein of hair. Her pale, frail blondness was enlivened by that hair, a heavy sheaf of gold held back by an Alice band, the gesture of a girl who knew her hair was her best feature and with a sort of yearning sweetness, did the best she could with it.
Sherlock's face was bloodied, his hair soaked, like the day he'd –
(See the end of the chapter for
, he'd argued – wouldn't she be a surly teenager storming out of the house soon enough?
"Maybe I don't want you observing my girlfriends," John said. "Anyhow, you're dodging. You got angry with her – actually angry. I don't see that often."
"As I was saying," Sherlock said, "Sarin's probably the best way to go. It's not dignified, but it's effective. First your chest will tighten up. It'll feel like someone's giving you a nice, cosy embrace, probably the sort you never had after your mum passed on. But then, as the acetylcholine builds up in your body, your secretions and smooth muscles will have a field day. Your nose will run, your eyes will water, you'll drool and probably vomit. Then your bladder and bowels will evacuate. You'll convulse, become paralysed, and then die." Sherlock smiled. "But don't worry. It shouldn't take more than ten minutes."
"Oh." Florid, awful writing, but….
John would have scolded him, would have tried to force a sandwich and tea down Sherlock's gullet, but he was in that strange and wonderfully familiar deep, dark cavern of feverish exploration, teasing and prodding at tiny clumps of dirt and droplets of water until they reluctantly yielded up their secrets. Here was what he knew; here was the whim of nature and crisis and work that required the patience he reserved only for these moments. Cumberbatch's world of superficial clamour fell away, and he abandoned himself altogether as he wove outrageous disparities into order and comprehensibility.
"John." Mary moved across the kitchen and crouched beside his chair, resting her hand on his thigh. "We need to talk about this when we're both…when things have calmed down a bit. I still love you, you know. Very much."
"No, I want to eradicate them, at least for the moment. I'll call the police on Monday. They can establish a presence here, or I'll hire a private security guard, something. It'll work out – thanks for helping me see that." Tom knelt and combed his fingers through Sherlock's hair – or tried to. He recoiled a bit. "What did you put on your hair?"
Sherlock turned his face away. How could he fight that? And John was right. From the moment at the pool, when John had stepped into the light strapped into a Semtex vest, Sherlock had known that love was the most precarious sort of vulnerability. Wasn't that why he'd left John after the jump from Bart's roof, after all?
“No, I’m afraid I don’t go in for that sort of thing much.”
"Okay." Molly leapt to her feet, all but snatched the flowers, and disappeared into the kitchen. She came back a moment later with the flowers arranged in a drinking glass and set them on the table. "Thank you. They're really pretty. I haven't had cut flowers in forever."
"No?"
"Yeah, of course."
On the other hand, he didn't have a whole lot of other fucking options. Resentfully, he opened his eyes to see Jim Moriarty's ferrety smile.
As she walked, she rested her hand on her Glock and listened intently, but the footsteps kept moving south, along with a few more imprecations. Good. She needed no distractions.
"Although results from the post-mortem examination have yet to be released, sources indicate possible homicide, as Mr Tuttle had been shot and there were multiple wounds on his body from what appeared to be a knife. Mr Tuttle was a member of the criminal organisation popularly known as the New Barnet Six, a smuggling gang apprehended by detective Sherlock Holmes." Now a picture of Sherlock – glamorous, his collar turned up and his hair wild – replaced Tuttle's. "Tuttle was the only member of the organisation to escape imprisonment and was aiding the police in further inquiries.  We now turn to Louis Eckling, forensic psychologist – Mr Eckling, chances are, given the circumstances, that this was a crime perpetrated from within the prison system. Tell us about the motivation that can lead to an event like this."
John released a breath he hadn't known he'd been holding. Okay, so Holmes wasn't a complete arsehole, and he seemed to genuinely need someone to fill in for Janine while she was in cookery school. The thought eased whatever tension had been creeping into his shoulders, and John relaxed back on the bed, thinking of what to reply with.
"Shut your mouth," Förstner spat, spittle flying from his lips. "You think you're so
“Sleep,” was the last thing John heard before the world descended into utter darkness.
John shrugged, smiling appreciatively at the older man. He had no room to be choosy. "Whatever you've got will work just fine."
Great, now Sarah was dressing him up like some kind of window mannequin, and time was slowly draining away. John wanted to beat Holmes to the office and have his tea waiting for him on the desk, as Janine instructed the day before. John might have still been a little indecisive about the job, but he still felt the desire to please Holmes, and show that he could still stay on task, even with all the 'distractions'.
A man in a three piece suit that John was sure cost more than his rent, gave John a sweeping once-over, probably wondering what he was doing in a place like this. John wondered the same thing. He had never felt so out of place in his life.
"Good," he replied quickly, right on the tail end of Jasper's reluctant assent. "And if you insist on continuing your silly little theatrics, you might want to actually have the telly powered on." With that dressing down promptly completed, Sherlock pivoted back into the room and slammed the door hard enough to rattle the windows.
Molly nodded quickly, running her free hand nervously through the strands of hair that fell loose around her face. "I know, which is why I took a bit of DNA and ran some tests. A bit of blood and a strand of hair, saliva. I've done everything."
Well, John couldn't argue with that.
“Pesky human things,” Sherlock pulled away to mutter.
“Stunning,” Sherlock murmured to himself, sliding his hand into his pocket where the remote lay in wait. For a moment, he simply watched John’s ribcage expand with each breath. It was proof enough that this wasn’t all in Sherlock’s mind, that John was real and tangible; not just a vivid dream that would disintegrate the moment Sherlock decided to believe it.
say that he had a theory. But John had to trust that when Sherlock put it all together, he would come to him.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,
John tore his eyes reluctantly from Sherlock's darkened gaze to the mirror. He gasped at the indecent display he made. The chain hung in a parabola between his clamped nipples, gleaming brightly against his pale chest. John's nipples were red and swollen between the clamps, pearly with Sherlock's saliva.
Irene scowled, her eyes lingering disapprovingly on the obvious bulge beneath his knickers. “Ugh, and look at that costume. It’s ruined!”
His hands descended to cup John’s arse in his hands and push him down on his cock until he bottomed out. Even as Sherlock fucked him, his mind traveled down grittier avenues, thoughts of their next time - because once would never be enough - and the slap of John’s arse cheeks against his lap until they turned a blushing red.
The blood cells were behaving normally.
Sherlock nodded and received the key, before turning on his heels and down another hall. The room wasn't very far. Ground floor, the last room on the right, plain white door.
When the lift closed, it was only John, an empty foyer, and a head full of confusing thoughts.
Fuck. John's pheromones must have somehow overridden the suppressants and sent Sherlock into a premature Heat cycle.
Sherlock closed his eyes, calling back the control over himself that he seemed to have forgotten since the news of John's return.
Stepping away was painful, turning his back on that beautiful man. All he'd wanted to do was plant himself between those long legs and wrap himself around Sherlock like a Boa Constrictor. Every step away felt like a great distance between them, stretching further and further, and John could feel the stare burning through him.
“Psh, John was no friend to me, shagging you behind my back like a slag-”
"Piss off."
Jasper nodded sadly in assent before grudgingly dragging himself up the stairs to change out of his day clothes and retrieve his book bag. John had gone to the kitchen to make them tea for the long night ahead, assuming he was alone in the kitchen until he turned and bumped nose-to-chest with Sherlock.
"Alright, boys, that's about enough out of you two," Mrs. Hudson's voice piped up, cutting through the violent thoughts coursing through John's mind. "Go on now, John, Sherlock is waiting for you, dear."
John was an army man, one who relied heavily on morals and doing what he thought was right for himself and everyone around him, judging by the fact that he allowed his sister to drag him to Baker Street. He cared what others thought of him. How touching.
John grinned, because of course, this extraordinary man would have an extraordinary job. “Does it involve doing that thing you do?”
Sherlock smirked. “Somewhere comfortable, to begin with.”
Holmes looked away, a bit flustered by the bold offer, cheeks turning a light pink under the street lights. His pale eyes glittered alluringly, and John felt the desire pulling his libido from a long slumber. "That's not necessary," Holmes stated, and John wasn't sure who, exactly, the man was trying to convince.
John nods, shoving his hands into the pockets of his trousers, looking anywhere but at Sherlock, who is, doubtless, waiting for his response. "I'm fine. Bit knackered, but nothing a quick kip won't clear out."
“Cause I’m gonna give you a little taste,” she thrust her hips, and Sherlock wanted to fuck her where she sat. “Of the sugar below my waist, you nasty boy.”
John retired back to the bed, laying on his back to stare up at the ceiling.
“Yet, you still don't hate them, why?” It was as if Sherlock read his mind, responding, not to what John had said, but rather, his reverie on humans.
John had read about prostate play, but never ventured into such unfamiliar territory before. Would he have known that it would send pulses of ecstasy shooting through his body, make his toes curl and his cock unbearably hard?
He couldn't do it again.
Molly smiled uncertainly. “Well, yes, but - what I mean is, you know… like a date.” Her lips wavered nervously between a smile and a frown, until she seemed to steel herself and press her lips together confidently.
So, here's the new chapter! Only a few more until the end of this book and the start of the next. Variations of Blue will be switch POV, because I really do love writing in Sherlock's point of view, and also, I think it also allows for a better grasp of the concept when you see it from the POV of both characters. Um, I didn't really like this chapter much (every author is their own terrible critic), but I would be delighted to hear feedback on it! Thank you to all those who take time out of their day to do so regularly! It's always a pleasure to read the comments and a motivating factor.
Sherlock's words were cordial, but John was intelligent enough to read the underlying message. Later that day, when Sherlock had John panting against him in the foyer, he was glad his message had been so obviously received and understood.
No sooner had John caught his breath, than he was losing it again.
The new relationship(?) between Sherlock and himself was tenuous at best. They hadn't touched one another much since the night of the big row, and Sherlock never took it any further than chaste caresses and barely there meeting of the lips.
Sure enough, Jim didn't leave until he had the last word. Sherlock scowled as Jim leaned over to whisper hastily into John's ear, and by the time he pulled away, John's face had gone ashen and his lips turned down in a moue of dismay.
"Even in this form, Dr Watson is partial to you," Mycroft noted in a soft, pensive tone. He waited a moment before flicking his eyes up to Sherlock's. "You do realize there is always a chance he won't remember you."
Were they even talking about a job offer anymore?
Sherlock dragged his swollen lips over John's jaw and across his cheekbones, scenting him, waiting for John's reaction.
John grimaced and crossed his arms over his chest. He positioned his body away from Holmes as he addressed him, vexed. "I was going to say yes, Mr Holmes, but now I have to know." John turned and regarded the other man with a careful eye. "What exactly am I agreeing to?"
“Oh, fuck offff,” Greg groaned, turning to pull the pillow over his head, but another muffled noise stopped him. Hell, it sounded like…
Greg descended the steps and crouched so he could just make out the pair sitting on the couch. Well, he said sitting, but that was a bit different from what was actually happening.
Sherlock shrugged, face clearing to display his customary nonchalance. "You've never been much of a social child."
understatement.
It had never happened this fast before with anyone, not even he and Jasper, who had slowly been gravitating around one another for years now. John had known that eventually they would either collide at some point or drift away, just not when. It seemed after meeting Sherlock, all of that was out the window, and John didn't know what to make of that.
"Yes, John, Molly should be waiting for us here. I know you're always nagging me to text her ahead of time, even if it doesn't do much good. I've already memorized her schedule years ago."
Jasper laughed bitterly, curly dark head shaking as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Dear John, poor little John, sad and alone with no one to love him. So he goes and has a fucking shag with his best friend's father. Makes for a good sob story doesn't it?"
Before he could tap out a reply, the phone vibrated in his hand, this time, a phone call.
“Thank you for your pleasant company, Lady Grey. I assure you, this won’t be the last time we meet.”
"That won't be necessary, Mrs. Hudson, thank you." John whipped around to see Sherlock standing in the doorway in a sharply pressed, form-fitting suit, a bag of food in one hand and the other holding the door open for the lady.
None of them knew how many hunters were to come, or if there would be too many to fight off. There was the realization that these could be their last peaceful meals for a long while. The pack had to decide whether they would fight or flee.
"New York," Victor clarified, his dark eyes growing nostalgic. "Not exactly delightful, but perfect for my career, if you will. Now, I'm assuming your John will be needing a new wardrobe?"
"Irrelevant," John breathed out, railroaded by Sherlock's uncharacteristic reassurance.
John inhaled slowly, exhaled, his chest constricting as he thought about what must come next. “God, Sherlock, go,” he shouted excitedly, though his heart was sinking.
After a breath, John was the first to speak.
John wouldn’t be surprised if the director was glaring at them from his chair. Molly hadn’t had her first orgasm, and though it was to be a bisexual scene, she was still the main focus. Holmes didn’t seem to mind.
Once the door closed, however, the change in atmosphere was abrupt.
Sherlock paused, and shifted on his feet, pulling his hand away from John's wrist to run his fingers through his hair in exasperation. He growled at himself, annoyed, before seeming to reign in his vexation. "What I mean to say is, you mean something to me, John, more than you give yourself credit for, in any case."
What the hell?
John.
Sherlock cleared his throat as they turned to face one another. “I've something to give you,” he announced, reaching his long, slender hands into his pocket and producing a folded piece of paper. “Jasper asked me to deliver this to you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, “the only human my mother could trust. She raised me.”
Sherlock's flat still smelled of feral Alpha pheromones and
Sherlock smirked and tilted his head, his eyes unmoving where they locked onto John’s. John, mirrored the action, feeling the intent of that stare down to his cells. He’d never met anyone with such an oddly intense gaze.
He made quick work of his shower, making sure to leave no traces of Sherlock's expensive cologne on his body. Finally, he got dressed and went about brushing his teeth, and washing away the last of Sherlock along with it.
these twins were darkening his doorstep.
Underneath the robe, John was completely starkers, so a quick pull of the sash, and silk was pooling around his feet in a gentle puddle.
“Your name is Captain John Hamish Watson, late of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Along with achieving the rank of Captain whilst serving in Afghanistan, you were also an army doctor. We met after you were discharged from service due to a bullet wound to the shoulder that affected your fine motor skills – tremors - and a psychosomatic limp. We met six years ago through a mutual acquaintance, Mike Stamford…”
In which Sherlock appreciates a little blond man.
Under the low light of the foyer, Irene's smile was bright and toothy, her blood red lips a siren's call for the weak-willed. "I'm sure I don't know what you're referring to," John muttered, ready for this interaction to come to a conclusion. Irene really did like the sound of her own voice.
“All that running hasn't done you much good, John,” Sherlock said, voice low as he scanned the room again with as much regard as he’d grant a cockroach. “And here you're back again...” Frigid, blue eyes flashed down to John's leg, froze on his shoulder, then back to meet his gaze. “Broken. Pathetic.”
Did he really want to work for someone he would eventually have a sexual relationship with? Holmes made it very clear what his intentions towards John were, and while the job hadn't been offered implicitly with sex in mind, he knew now what his employer wanted from him besides a personal assistant.
He’d be lying to himself if he said he would never make the same mistake again. Because if there was even the slightest chance of John returning to London, there was no accounting for what Sherlock would do.
They were alike in many ways, he and his wee daughter. He leant over and gave her a kiss on her warm temple, smelling faintly of chlorine, and she smiled at him, forgiving his faults.
Sherlock strode toward him, looking like the Sherlock of old, looking resplendent. He took the seat opposite John and then looked at Nora. "Hello, Eleanor."
Sherlock dug his phone from his coat pocket and began texting rapidly. "Better than I'd hoped. First of all, it gave Mycroft ample time to get the alarm disabled. Second, she just told us that Moran's nickname isn't commonly used among friends, so the man in the Derry house was either a family member or a really intimate friend. I'm betting on family. Third –" Sherlock finished his text and produced a key from his other pocket. "I stole the front door key from Lady FitzSimmons' coat pocket." Sherlock's phone buzzed.
"Have you seen her medical history?"
"Good article?" Sherlock ventured.
Sherlock ran upstairs to the bedroom. The bed was made, the room in the same disorder he'd seen yesterday. The clothes Tom had worn to lunch were scattered along the floor, as if he'd begun shedding clothes at the door and stopped when he hit the wall. Indication of commonplace slovenliness or emotional turmoil – second option likely. No evidence of a second presence. He went to the bed, examined the pillows, saw strands of his own hair on them as well as Tom's – nobody else's. No revenge orgies, then.
"Why do they have to be having sex? Can't two people be friends without having sex? Your a bunch of perverts."
"Great." Awareness dropped like a boat anchor thudding into the ocean floor. Her friendly solicitousness was because he had money, lots of it. Not because he was interesting or good-looking or funny or smart, but because he had obscene amounts of cash. And it was going to be like that in Spain, or wherever they went, their paths smoothed by millions of pounds. Not that it wasn't nice to be fussed over, but…oh well. There wasn't anything for it, was there?
Sherlock tightened his E string and plucked at it idly. “Ugh.” The strings were due for replacement; until then there was no point in even attempting to saw something out. He set the instrument on the table, lay back, and gazed at the ceiling, his boredom edging into total paralysis.
"I think we've taken enough of your time," the woman said, her voice bright and hard. Sherlock peered at her – underslept, clothes unkempt, two days worn from the smell, fresh lines around eyes, fading makeup:  worried about son, but jealous of the attention Sherlock was lavishing on him, judging by her tone of voice and tooth-gritting smile. "Maybe I could get that snapshot?"
"I'd better go. Sorry."
Rhythmic plundering fogged Benedict's sensibilities to all else. He grasped Tom's hips and thrust, harder and harder until he cried out as his climax washed over his body. He half-collapsed over Tom's back, feeling the tight muscles round his cock clench tighter as Tom finished with a shuddering moan. They stood still, panting, until Benedict slipped out and lowered himself to the shower floor.
"Well," Sherlock said, pasting an idiotic grin to his face, "aren't you a sight for sore eyes."
"Well, yes, but Mycroft insists on making mysterious noises in order to entice me into pursuing it."
"Havgo."
some of the side effects of electrical shock. Besides, you didn't have any trouble telling all those other people the same thing."
"Yes. Yes, I suppose so," Mycroft sighed. "Good night, Sherlock." He climbed into the car, and watched Sherlock limp down the road, aided by his cane.
"Well, let's see." He put Sherlock through the vitals ritual once more, then nodded in satisfaction.  "Well, that eye's getting better bit by bit and your vitals are fine, so I think it would be okay to let you sleep 'til morning – say seven o'clock."
He turned the light on, closed the door, and stared into the mirror. Sweat beaded his upper lip. He wished he'd drunk the rest of his beer.
Oh, Christ. Nora.
"We're going to get you to hospital, Mr. Holmes," the first paramedic said, indicating a mobile stretcher. "Is there anything you'd like Dr. Watson to collect for you?"
"John," Mary said softly. "I didn't have a choice."
"Naturally I was," Moran said. He seated himself and crossed his legs, folding his hands atop one knee. "I was devastated to hear of her death."
Tom looked at him for a long while. Sherlock scowled beneath his scrutiny and was about to snap something insulting when Tom said, "Do you think you and John will ever have a romantic relationship?"
It was half eleven when Sherlock trudged upstairs, hungry and a bit cross. John had had to leave at ten, Molly hadn't been at Bart's, and the security guard was an utter moron, had no idea who he was, and wouldn't admit him into the lab. Resentfully, Sherlock had taken his leave and picked up sausages and chips to eat at home. He tossed the bag of evidence on the kitchen table, tossed the greasy food bag next to it, and tossed his coat over a chair.
"Not a problem, Mr. Hiddleston."
"It was me. I wasn't enough for you."
Right. Round the twist, then. "So you've got friends in high places. Well done, you."
"Mycroft was concerned that the Titus painting was found in Derry. He implied, in inimitable Mycroft fashion, that it was a matter of national security. Given Moran's connections on several ends, it's possible that he's up to no good once more."
"Just a chat, but maybe I should come back another day, when things aren't so dramatic around here." Moriarty wandered to the mantel and touched a finger to Billy the skull. "Patient of yours, doc?"
He looked out the peephole – not that the thing was all that effective – his own mother would look like an axe murderer through the distorting glass – and his stomach sank as he saw two people standing on his doorstep and he finally recognised them. He opened the door.
Mary sat at the table and let her shoulders slump. "I know. But we can…arrange for something. I'll drill her, arrange for tutoring – I don't know. We'll work something out."
"Daddy said you had a long day yesterday."
"Let's go. You first, Tom," Henry said, and jerked his chin toward the door. "Out to the car." When Tom hesitated, Henry dug the point of the knife into Benedict's neck. "Now." Benedict grunted in surprise and discomfort, and Tom saw a red smear against Ben's throat. He moved to the door and waited for Henry to open it, then walked outside.
Christ. How would she live with herself now? There was only one way. Mary grasped Sherlock's other hand. "Sherlock. Sherlock, listen to me. He's coming back, isn't he?"
A furrow appeared above Sherlock's nose. "I'll think of something. But John…she's lying, or at least shading the truth. Someone else was in that office just a few moments ago."
Nora shrugged, but looked pleased. "I guess."
, do you?"
Sherlock opened his eyes and saw John standing over his bed, wearing a scrub top and looking exhausted. For one hazy, disoriented moment he thought they'd assigned John to look after him, and that was pleasant and reassuring; he relaxed, smiled, and closed his eyes again. Then he remembered what had happened. He opened his eyes and half-sat up, groaning involuntarily as the bandages abraded his back. "Mary."
He recognised her.
Lady FitzSimmons shook her head in slow, scornful negation. "You couldn't bear being wrong about him, could you? So now you're skulking round – were you planning to go through his rubbish bins, like some grubby tabloid journalist? Good luck to you."
John managed a nod. No, that couldn't be right.
"You're awfully quiet tonight."
"The devil is your brother, I take it."
A wilting bouquet of scarlet roses sat atop Meredith's grave. Mycroft leant down and inspected them, recognising the style of the florist, and smiled unwillingly.
Mary glanced down at the photo. "Revenge."
"Oh. A little bookkeeping error." Moriarty shrugged.
"It's nice to see a little work ethic now and again." Enright led Sherlock down a corridor and zipped his pass over the security reader. "There's a loo inside, but once you leave through this door, you can't get back in."
"She didn't take her med bag."
"It's ridiculous," Sherlock said.
He opened it, wincing at the feel of ink beneath his fingers. A pity one couldn't ask the help to iron the pages any longer – that was, evidently, a bridge too far, but as long as newspapers were printed with ink, one ran the risk of stained fingertips. And he disliked wearing gloves to read. He settled into the financial section, forking up a generous helping of egg white.
"Been a funny sort of day, that's all." John tweaked Nora's nose. "Would you fill the water glasses?" He started pulling the kebabs from the lower oven and putting them on a large green serving platter. The food was on the table by the time Mary came into the kitchen, glowing with cleanliness and wrapped in her new merino dressing gown. John kissed her. "You smell good."
A flicker of a frown crossed Sherlock's face and disappeared. "Sorry for what?"
John  leant forward over the abyss of four years and pressed his mouth to Sherlock's.
Benedict rested his head against the car window and watched London drift by. He'd never been so lonely in his life.
The man, who wore a narrowly cut blue chalk-striped suit and a fussy moustache, straightened and cleared his throat. "One doesn't like to…that is, ah, you seemed to be asleep, sir."
"Thank you, John." Sherlock bent closer to the gown's lining. He scowled, then took off his mask and sniffed at the silk.
Moriarty smiled, glancing down modestly. "In every store. Enough to take out half a kilometre in all directions."
"Want to go for a run with me?"
Moriarty uttered a high-pitched giggle. "Oh my gosh. Your face, Sherlock." He sobered quickly. "I mean it, though. How many years was it that the two of you didn't speak? And all because the great detective Sherlock Holmes can't keep his big fat gob shut. I mean, it's bad enough that you fell for that sad little spud of a man, but you had to blab because you thought that would seal the deal between the two of you."
"You've still got makeup on."
"Pike position," Nora said through a mouthful of food.
"No, I'm still under orders to walk as much as possible," Sherlock said, twisting frozen lips into a horrifying grimace that he hoped passed for a smile. "Thanks, though." He accepted his coat and thrust his arms into the sleeves. "Well. Text me, yes?"
"Oh, God, Mycroft." Benedict waved a dismissive hand. Mycroft could be a problem. One wrong slip and Benedict might find himself incarcerated in some dank hole with no means of escape. "He's not happy unless he's hounding me, you know that perfectly well."
She read the text, and put her hand to her mouth. “Oh, boys.”
"Did you not think I'd have security cameras?"
"Most smart tech outfits have been participating in this sort of employee culture for years," Sherlock said. "The rest of the world still has to catch up. What's the matter, John – no gaming matches in the surgery?"
"Yeah, yeah, I saw one. Hold on." John rustled through paper. "Okay, yes. Valentino Dry Cleaners. Green silk gazar Alexander McQueen. Gazar? What's that?"
"Isn't it," Moran agreed, and gestured toward the door. "Please."
One of the younger girls proffered a round tin. "I made you some chocolates."
"What's that?"
"Pregnant." Sherlock dropped the hair into the bindle and sealed it. "Bag that."
"—But I'm afraid it's not true. Not entirely, at least. If I were to do this for you, there would be…a penalty to pay."
The alarm bells came back with a vengeance. "Well," Sherlock said lightly. "You're rich. Congratulations are in order, I suppose."
Tom stared, still sniffling and coughing through the towel. It was soaked, trickling into his throat – not as painful as before, but no treat.
It was ridiculous, wasn't it? If someone had walked up to John at this very moment and said
"Get Cook to wrap a piece up for me," Sherlock said. "I'm off."
John had scrambled up, hadn't quite met Sherlock's eyes.
---Someone had a hell of a grudge.
And Peter Houghton, no profession. Rumpled jeans, ruinously expensive linen blazer, Birkenstocks, a fortnight's growth on chin, cheeks, and neck. Blond, jut-jawed, leading-man sort of looks, but an endless cushion of family money and extreme lack of ambition combined with meagre talent made for no success as an actor. Loathed Tom with all the energy he was able to muster, which admittedly wasn't much.
"Mm. Tax problems? Left you with eighteen pounds and change?"
John hesitated. "Erm…well, would you like that?"
Trembling a bit, Sherlock forced himself to speak. "What do
"If it's so interesting to you, maybe you should investigate it with me." As soon as the words had leapt out of his mouth, Sherlock's stomach curdled in horrified denial. John hadn't assisted him with a case in four years, not since their falling-out. In all that time, Sherlock hadn't dared to approach him, hadn't dared to ask, because he knew what the answer would be. And people were prone to nostalgia; even after the failure of their friendship, John might have held on to some sentimental notion of the power of their bond, and seeing Sherlock at the racecourse might have stirred those notions. Probably the scarf had been a pretext, but he'd left – and here he was, back again.
about it. Was it just that he didn't care?
"Okay. But could we talk about Ben for a bit?"
When Sherlock finished talking, he leant back against the sofa and blew a breath out. His throat was dry, his voice raspy. TWH was staring at him with wide eyes. To his credit, though, he hadn't interrupted Sherlock's explanation with a million inane questions. He'd simply listened with enormous interest.
Summer 2014
"Trying to quit," he mumbled, though he craved a smoke so badly his whole body twitched in need. He'd been planning one, just one tonight, but now he yearned to snatch the proffered box and stuff them all in his mouth at once. He took the fag with a trembling hand and put it between his lips, fumbling for a lighter. No goddamned lighter.
Sherlock scanned the letter again. "Have you got any enemies?"
A small leaden lump of disappointment dropped into his belly as he comprehended what TWH wanted him to do. It wasn't really in his purview, not that he'd indulged in outré practises much – Mycroft, and his chem-lab partner Issie at uni a few times, and once a dealer who'd traded an hour in bed for two grams of roxanne. He'd never tied anyone up for pleasure, found it boring, but….
"Mm. That's fabulous, love," Mary said. "You've outdone yourself."
"She didn't talk about your family a lot."
"Tom.
“Haven’t seen you in a while,” John countered lamely.
"Piss off," John muttered.
Mary laughed. "You and your Tabasco. Yes, you may. Go back to your book, I'll have it ready in two shakes of a lamb's tail."
September 2014
He waited until he got to the gate, and then turned.
Benedict trotted downstairs and saw Mrs. Hudson settling a potted plant on the hall table. "Mrs. Hudson." He was getting used to all the peculiarities; he couldn't decide if this was encouraging or depressing. Probably a bit of both.
"What Nora said. About going on holiday for her birthday."
"You're probably glad about that, aren't you?" Moriarty reached out and placed his hand flat on John's chest. "Being unnoticed, being Mr Average." John forced himself not to move, not with the yawning bore of the .50 still trained on him. Moriarty's hand was warm, the fingers brushing lightly against the wool of his jumper. "Ahh." Moriarty closed his eyes briefly. "Listen to that:  the rhythm of a heart in distress. That tiny bit of syncopation really satisfies the ear." He took his hand away.
"Seven," Sherlock replied with a scowl. "Sometimes eight."
"We'll be there in twenty minutes." Sherlock turned on the radio to forestall further argument, and the wipers to clear the drops that had begun to spatter the windscreen.
"You wrapped it properly, didn't you?" John demanded. "Just like I showed you?"
The weight slammed into him again – a foot, Henry was
"You okay?"
Mary shook her head. "But you're –"
"Yep."
"That's good to know," Benedict said truthfully. He and Martin had cooked up an approximation of what Sherlock and John's domestic life might be like, but in their version, John was the responsible financial party. Interesting that it was the other way round.
It was mad, beyond mad. Life was going on all around him whilst he was trapped, and he was utterly terrified. If he walked out the door and went back to John and Lestrade, then what? Would his presence disrupt events to their detriment too? He saw Lestrade caught in crossfire, John mowed down by a van, or attacked by enemies of Sherlock's, brutally murdered as Benedict stood by, helpless, shaking the foundations of Sherlock's existence by what he'd thought was an innocuous occupation of space.
At least, he hoped so. The sooner he got out of here….
"Yes."
"Shh." Sherlock's hands, both hands now, moved lower, over the small of John's back and clasped John's arse. He massaged gently, his fingers digging into John's flesh, then slipping between his upper thighs and urging them apart.
, for fuck's sake!" someone shouted.
Mary turned away, shaking her head. "Nothing. Never mind. I'm going to fetch Nora." She began to pile clothes back into boxes and bags.
Tom stretched his limbs, repressing the urge to vocalise a bit. Benedict was still deeply asleep, curled up on his side, his back to Tom. Poor guy, he'd been working long hours for weeks with no respite, and last night he'd got a nasty electric shock; if he wanted a bit of a lie-in, Tom wasn't going to disturb him, despite the half-erect cock between his legs that could have really done with Benedict's hand or mouth or….
"I thought you'd say that. Right, back to bed with you." Tom kissed him again and waved from the door.
" John glared at Benedict.
"Bugger."
true, though. There was still a gap, even though they'd both appeared to have bridged it temporarily. It wasn't going to go away, even with an interesting case, no matter how many cases they worked on together. They could paper it over for a while, but it wasn't a permanent solution.
"You don't think it's a case of protesting too much?"
"How is she?" John handed Sherlock a pharmaceutical bindle and dropped a glassine envelope on the table.
. Lovely. And then Bertie here saw
Oh, that would be brilliant, wouldn't it.
"Crumpets! Will you still be here tomorrow?" The woman turned and smiled at John, who smiled back without speaking, not confident in his ability to fake an accent. "He doesn't really do appointments, but if you can give me some idea of a time, I can check with him –"
"No, it's about humankind's perception of reality, at its basest level. But it raises the question –"
Tim couldn't meet her eyes. "He said you might be."
Sherlock edged toward the door, watching intently. This was a rare sight, and he had no intention of missing it.
John flushed and exhaled harshly. "Look, about that."
Opening his mouth to continue the counter-attack, Sherlock caught a glimpse of Tom's face. He'd been around John long enough to understand its expression:  evidently he'd made some sort of social gaffe. John usually demanded apologies, but Tom simply stood still, waiting for him.
Mycroft sighed. "The DNA tests came back. It seems that the skin under Meredith's fingernails was not, in fact, Georgina Cantwell's. We're still checking databases." He cleared his throat. "It also seems that Georgina Cantwell is not her real name, but we're working on that."
"Yeah. But I'll save that for later. You must be tired."
"Oh, God!" The cry, far above him, was a low growl, and Sherlock did gag now as the cock thrust hard into his mouth, down his throat, and he felt the spill of semen, like a flood though it wasn't much, not more than average, and he relaxed his throat and let it trickle downward, wet and warm.
Martin shook his head. "Hi, yes. This is John Watson, and I need an ambulance, please. No, not for me, for my flatmate. We're at 221B Baker Street, W1. Sh – yes. Sherlock Holmes. He's –"
John's brow furrowed. "Oh."
Sherlock held perfectly still, listening over the protests of his battered form. Hope surged, leaving him breathless.
John smiled. "That I loved you. And a lot more."
"BENEDICT! WAIT!"
"You think it's a betrayal, Mary?"
Mary nodded and stood straight. "I'll talk to you soon." She reached down and kissed his cheek.
"Hardly ever." Sherlock checked his GPS. "This should be it…damn it. I think my phone's going on the blink. It's been losing its charge fast for the past few days, and now the bloody GPS isn't coming up. John, plug this address in." He tossed the phone in John's lap.
Sherlock nodded. "Precisely."
Jesus fucking Christ."
sake," Tom said. His voice was soft, but there was an edge of steel in it Sherlock hadn't heard before. "I've had just about enough."
Funny thing, fragrance:  for most people, it was far too entwined with memory and emotion to be truly useful, bypassing rationality and practical cognition and slipping into neural hardwiring where deep memory slumbered. Dogs, who generally existed in the moment and whose sense of smell was easily exploited (if their grasp of scent was tied to emotion, they weren't letting on, and humans certainly hadn't yet sorted it out), were generally trusted with scent identification, but people, with their volatile and unpredictable emotional behaviour, explicitly weren't. Sherlock, naturally, wasn't susceptible to the same sort of random, flailing free association. Usually.
Lucy leant over her brown shrimp and white cabbage, displaying a great deal of breastbone. "I'd guess we probably have
Siger remembered, though. He remembered holding her close and feeling her little body go stiff in his embrace. He remembered her cool, flat gaze, filtered through the pretty eyes of a lovely child, and her attitude of mild bemusement when Siger had burst into Sherlock’s room.
He squeezed his eyes shut, conscious of a punishing headache.
"She might not have done at first," Sherlock said. "You were a weedy thing back then, too, weren't you, Jim? A target for bullies, that rabbity little face of yours just begging to be punched. Maybe she moved you out of England because it was the 80s, a tough time for any little Irish kid in the midst of English boys bigger and stronger than him." Sherlock was warming to his subject. "But that couldn't have been the end of the killing. You'd got a taste for it, right after the first time. You shut Carl up nicely. That was what power felt like, for the very first time in your miserable blot of a life. But you were clever, that was the problem. Weedy and clever, and the only way you could express all that helpless rage was by doing someone else in. And luckily for you, you managed to find your way into another boys' school where there had to have been a high percentage of bullies. So what was it – one per term? Maybe two or three? And your mum, eventually she started to suspect. Maybe even blamed herself. Not surprising, given the state of her marriage –" Moriarty's hand flashed out and cracked Sherlock across the face. Sherlock's head snapped back. He tasted blood on his mouth. "Not far off, was I?"
"Fine," Nora said sulkily, and stopped skipping. She slipped her mittened hand out of John's. "You're cross again."
As he looked over the table, and once more examined the ceiling, he became aware of a noise – commonplace, but one not heard on the closed set.
“There wasn’t time. The break-in, theft, and escape only took three minutes.”
Sherlock had had enough oblique raving. "Were you involved in Meredith Howe's death?"
"Very well," Mycroft said, holding up a hand. "Your friend's wife."
"You're being bastards." Tom clenched his fists.
Mary hadn't killed him after their confrontation, despite Sherlock's feelings for John. She'd tried to scare him during this case, but hadn't gone beyond that. And Sherlock was sure that she'd been the one to administer atropine and pralidoxime to Lady Howe in an attempt to reverse the poisoning. If she and John worked together, if they found Sherlock, they could bring Moriarty down. If only they would speak to each other….
"I always thought it was curious that you were never able to identify the individual who shot you at point-blank range," Mycroft said, and slipped the stick back into his pocket. "It's interesting that you chose to protect her then, and that you're choosing to protect her now. What is she to you, Sherlock?"
"—but the writer mentions cutting out your lying, thieving…um, prick-licking tongue. Not someone you had a relationship with once?" Were that the case, the stalker could be bumped up to rejected/resentful.
"He put his key card next to his phone, and it's a bit…erm, buggered up," John said. He could have just asked them to open the room, he realised belatedly, but evidently he'd slipped back into stealth mode with no effort whatsoever. "Could I get another one for him?" If they questioned him, he'd just resign himself to the staff opening the door.
The bemused expression returned. After a while, John simply said, "Wow." Then he smiled. "Both of us?"
"Never mind, forget I asked," Sherlock replied, rolling his eyes. "It's always a crisis with you, and yet somehow the world keeps turning." He inspected the body on the floor again. Lady Howe was curled up as if she had died in terrible agony, and yet her face was serene. Sherlock dropped to the floor again. "Her makeup's worn off. I don't see evidence of dried sweat on her face, but it's on her body –" He nodded at the décolletage of her green dress, "and it's stained her dress." He looked closer. "Someone's wiped her makeup away. No…it was the maid, wasn't it? She massaged Lady Howe's face. Did the expression of pain upset her?" he inquired sardonically. It was possible. Most people thought death, even excruciating death, involved a gentle fluttering of the eyelids and a last sighing breath, which was rarely the case.
Did it?
"Hi." Sherlock swept his evidence back into the bin bag and got to his feet. His body trembled with fatigue and he was dimly conscious of a knot of hunger pressing into his belly, but he ignored it. "Just on my way out." He logged off the computer, snapped the microscope off, but left the slides scattered on the trays he'd located. Didn't need them now. Now all he had to do was find out who in Farnham would want to kidnap Tom.
He moved to Sherlock's chair and sat, listening to Moriarty's light tread on the stairs. When Moriarty ambled in, hands in the pockets of his trousers, he repressed a shudder with some difficulty.
"You could always move there," Sherlock pointed out. "Transform yourself into a country squire."
Impatiently, Sherlock checked his watch and stretched luxuriously. His knee felt marvellous, its old flexible, reliable self once more. Three cheers for modern medicine. And the two-plus hours eliciting interesting noises from John hadn’t hurt either.
"Okay." Chastened, Benedict slipped back into the house and closed the door behind him. "They must have changed shifts during the night."
"God…." Benedict cradled his head in his hands. He didn't want to meet with Mycroft, or anybody – he just wanted to curl up and hide until all this was over.
"Anything you need, John. I mean that."
"Is that right?" Sherlock inquired without interest. "I do have some questions about the painting."
"I'll have some sparkling water," John said. "Sweetheart, do you want some as well?"
"Fantastic. Again, I'm
"It's been a pleasure, Lily." Sherlock smiled into her eyes, holding her gaze for three seconds, and then dropped back down to Ciaran's height. The boy was eyeing him with some suspicion. Sherlock bent to his ear. "I really am Sherlock," he whispered, and stood up.
There was a window at eye level. He could just wriggle out and escape. He didn't want to be with TWH or his friends anymore. Tom was a saint compared with the rest of them, but Sherlock was no longer up to maintaining the stupid façade of Benedict Cumberbatch. The public persona was far too accommodating, and the private persona lacked data; much as he hated to admit it, he was feeling vaguely strained.
"My God," Lucy said. "Are you sure you're all right?"
"What?" Cumberbatch stopped pacing and glared. "What the hell are you on about?"
Sherlock maintained a prudent silence.
Martha stretched her legs out, rotating them at the ankle and then admiring them.
"He's fine. We caught the stalker. Tom is absolutely fine. Benedict – you said you'd help me if you could. I need you to help John." Sherlock swallowed audibly. "Please."
"Yeah."
The edge of the knife sliced into Tom's naked flesh, and he cringed, but stayed silent. His cramped and cold feet flooded with pins and needles as the blood flowed freely again, and he flexed his toes in discomfort.
"Hi," Sherlock replied, and couldn't keep a grin from spreading across his face. John grinned in return, and his body sagged. Relieved, then. Happy to have Sherlock back.
"Tired."
A sudden unpleasant memory flashed across John's inner vision, one he thought he'd buried:  Moriarty's eyes, crawling greedily over John as John sat tied to a locker-room bench, mouth taped shut, watching one of the silent goons who'd kidnapped him stringing his parka with explosives. Moriarty hadn't touched him, hadn't so much as uttered one risqué word, but his eyes had invaded and probed, and as vulnerable as John had been, he couldn't help feeling even more helpless. He hadn't said anything to Sherlock about it, obviously. Obviously! What was he going to say? "Sherlock, Moriarty was giving me the once-over. Make him stop." And even if he had, what could he have reasonably expected Sherlock to do about it anyhow – beat Moriarty senseless?
It was the right thing to do. Wasn't it?
John was in the tiny parlour, curled up on the sofa, reading one of the paperbacks Benedict had brought. Although Benedict's bedroom door creaked horribly, John didn't look up as Benedict emerged and went into the little loo.
for him, Sherlock?" The fading light from the setting sun cast shadows on Moriarty's face.
The butler's face was impassive. "He asked me to inform him when you arrived, sir."
The car stopped at Baker Street. Benedict turned to Anthea. "Thanks for the lift."
"Otherwise known as terrorist cells."
John realised they were talking about Mary.
"I don't need to tell you what the implications of this discovery are if this gets out, Meredith. And if the piece is authenticated, given the circumstances of its most recent provenance –" Mycroft shook his head. "God help us all."
Presumably that wasn't good, but he didn't know quite how to respond to it.
Nora peeked into the dining room, then took a tentative step in. She wore John's shrunken jumper and a short tiered skirt of purple velveteen. She stared at Sherlock but said nothing.
Benedict was determined not to give a thing away. "For good reason," he said, and thumped into the place set for him. He fiddled with a fork and refused to meet Mycroft's gaze.
"Shoot." He tried to view the man standing in front of him as a writer, an actor, but suddenly he only saw Mycroft in awful clothes and a two-day growth of beard. Difficult to reconcile, highly improbable, but not, with a little imagination, entirely impossible.
"That's right. This time I think it was a bit more serious, though. Sherlock's got concussion, so he's having an MRI right now and then I'm going to see him home and make sure that he's okay. It'll take a while, probably all night because I'll have to wake him at intervals, so I don't think I'll see you until tomorrow. Hey, didn't you have swim today?"
"Well, of course they will. Sherlock's nothing if not persistent.
"You can leave any time," Benedict informed him.
"Your scarf," Sherlock answered with complete honesty, leaving off
She sipped delicately at her cordial and admired Idris Elba’s extravagantly fabulous physique.
"Yeah, all things considered. Thanks." John blew out a breath. "Well, we might as well go, if you're ready."
Sherlock worked up more moisture in his mouth, then opened it widely and enclosed the now-jutting prick. He sucked hard, remembering Mycroft's efforts to keep silent, and pulled back to nuzzle the slit and tease at the head, sliding his tongue round and round, dipping his head down, increasing suction, plunging deeper, half-gagging on cock. He slid his hand into his own trousers and rubbed.
Sherlock smiled. "You have every right to be proud of her. Maybe I could meet her. Again."
"With the occasional spectacular foul-up here and there, yes, I suppose he has," Sherlock said reluctantly.
"Oh, Christ. Well, on the upside, I'll bet sex is going to be a lot better for him from now on."
Benedict stopped in his tracks at the familiar and feminine voice. He waited until the soft touch fell on his back to turn around, then looked with a sort of breathless relief at Molly Hooper, her hair in a messy knot atop her head, a plastic sack of what looked like lab coats slung over her back. Her smile was so warm and full of brimming affection that Benedict couldn't help smiling in return. "Heading to the laundrette?"
"That's not true."
TWH stopped and bit at his thumbnail. "Well, if real life –" He grimaced oddly. "If real life is anything like fiction, he'll be just fine. You're difficult to kill."
"Sorry."
"Sure, come on."
"Sore."
Mary surveyed the damage quickly. The table was a loss, but there was no blood on the chair, at least. The same couldn't be said for the wall behind him. Dark though the paper was, it wouldn't conceal everything, particularly not the bits of brain spattered across its surface. "Shit," Mary muttered, and ran to the kitchen for some rags. She found some beneath the sink and perfunctorily wiped up the mess, then wadded the rags and bunched them beneath the gaping hole in the man's head. No telling when Jim was due back, but it was better if he didn't notice the mess immediately. She ran back to the kitchen and found plenty of bin bags, then went into the bathroom and ripped the shower curtain liner out of the bath. Taking her supplies into the front room, she set about wrapping the man's ruined head in the bin bags and rolling his body in the liner. She dragged the corpse across the kitchen and heaved his body into the space between the wall and the rubbish bin, then went back into the front room to clean up some more, gathering the glass and righting the furniture.
"John, we're wasting time."
Mycroft kept his topcoat on. "I'm going out of town for a few weeks. Dubrovnik, Kiev, Moscow. I hope you'll have some answers for me when I return."
That hadn’t lasted long. It hadn’t suited him at all, and she’d been totally unsurprised and almost amused when he’d told her so. Still, it had been mildly diverting.
Molly frowned. “What do you mean?”
- he didn't know a damn thing, so to hell with him. To hell with them all, in fact.
"Go, for fuck's sake." Henry frog-marched Benedict to the Land Rover and opened the back. He turned to Tom. "Stand right there and don't fucking move or make a sound." Without another word he shoved Benedict inside, took a roll of gaffer tape from a capacious pocket, and looped Benedict's hands and feet together.
Sherlock returned the smile. "The next time you die, I'm going to stand over your corpse and make certain you're dead."
"Neither do I, but we've just got to bear it for a while."
"I'm sorry," Lord Moran muttered.
"Oh, really! What, pray tell, are
"How did you meet?" Sherlock asked.
Now, however, John was clearly uncomfortable. Was he regretting his decision to accompany Sherlock? Wouldn't be too surprising. It had been a bolt from the blue. Perhaps the jab about surgeons had been ill-timed.
Benedict half-gagged at the fishy smell that permeated the flat. Not just fishy, either – fishy and rotting. Foul. "You could be right," he ventured cautiously. "I…I've already got it sorted."
"Okay." He steered the conversation into more general areas – Nora's schoolwork, Mrs Pringle's elderly cat – and soon the odd feeling passed. He thought briefly about Sherlock's assertion that kids knew more than they let on. It wasn't entirely implausible, though his own childhood was no model. His parents had waged open warfare with no pretence of concealing their true feelings. He hated the thought that Nora might be suffering in silence, and possibly holding back for her parents' sake. Neither he nor Mary wanted that, no matter how bad things were.
Jim scratched his chin reflectively, straightened, and strolled to the stairway door. Locked. Good.
"Jesus," John gasped.
Guthrie's face sagged. "Ah. Well. As to that –"
Now what? Now what, now what, now what? Regroup, re-form the lines that had just gone arseways. Getting rid of Johnny in jail had been an afterthought, just one bump in Sherlock's road. Now everything was different, because Sherlock had just proven himself the most disappointing individual on God's green earth. Jim would pull it back together, he always did, but he had to think, just a bit.
What the fuck was
"Quite a hallucination." The man took another contemplative drag. "Heard of the multiverse?"
"They shouldn't have said those things."
"Because she was a fucking idiot, like most people," Moriarty said savagely. "She should have taken care of Miss Mary and her buddy the night of the party, and she decided to strategise instead. Bad call."
pointless. A multitude of universes in the Universe, inflationary expansion, inflaton field, quark confinement, conceptual quantum mechanics….
"Sherlock." Mary hurried to his side, swiftly registering the dozens of swollen stripes on his naked body, the purpling of his hands, and his trembling exhaustion. "It's okay, it's okay. It's Mary." She unstrapped his ankles first, hissing a little at the raw circlets of red round each one. His wrists were too far out of reach; cursing under her breath, she looked about and saw a leather-covered bench. She dragged it to the centre of the room and leapt up onto it. "I'm going to undo your wrists. Just hang on, all right?" Fleetingly, she realised that she'd have to think about what this scenario meant for everyone, but not at the moment.
"We've got to do some sensory testing nonetheless. And some neurological testing as well. When's your birthday?"
Mycroft's mouth twisted slightly. "Go on."
Frodo saw him to the door. He gave a final wave of his hand, and walked off at a surprising pace; but Frodo thought the old wizard looked unusually bent, almost as if he was carrying a great weight. The evening was closing in, and his cloaked figure quickly vanished into the twilight. Frodo did not see him again for a long time.'"
"Precisely. The rapid change in ambient pressure caused his lungs to rupture, resulting in fairly immediate death. Naturally Vasily caused quite a scene at the hospital, wailing and moaning for the benefit of the medical staff."
"I have them. No shame in it, you know."
He pressed SEND and wondered if he should have signed it with SH. Under the circumstances, it didn't seem quite right.
London, and I'm trying to solve crime and cocking it up good and proper and I think he's shagging my…my boyfriend, although
Behind John, Moran shifted uncertainly. "Jim, you said –"
The Under-Secretary lifted his chin. "I tell you I'm through. This…relationship is at its end."
"Got it off? Good." John dried his hands and knelt on the carpet in front of Sherlock. "Here, give it to me." Sherlock handed the crumpled bandage over. "You've got to roll it properly first," John said, demonstrating. "Nice and tight. Okay, straighten your leg, but not completely. Does it hurt?"
“Certainly.” Mycroft bustled to the drinks cabinet and poured a slightly larger drink than the first, then handed it to Greg. “Cheers.”
"Was, in fact, going to murder me, so the shooting, wherever it came from, was completely justifiable. But what if we gave the police incontrovertible evidence tying Jeff Hope to
His phone sat on the arm of the chair, silent. He'd set it to Do Not Disturb except for one number, and silent it remained. He couldn't ask himself why it had happened, or how – that wasn't for him to answer. But he wouldn't make the first move, not yet. Stupid and prideful, maybe, but he couldn't bring himself to call first. Tomorrow, if he hadn't heard from Ben by then. Maybe his dad had been right – you really couldn't trust many people.
"Johnlock 4EVA!"
"Although if you weren't famous, you probably wouldn't be stalked," Sherlock pointed out helpfully.
As they ate, he made banal chatter, wondering if what Sherlock said was right – was Nora really aware of the undercurrents between him and Mary? Part of him hoped that was so; the other part dreaded it. He watched her closely. Almost ten – it would be hard on her, this decision, whether or not she intuited something was wrong.
You couldn't know someone completely. Everyone had a secret heart, facets of themselves they kept hidden from even their closest friends. John had always held that to be true, and he was totally okay with that, really. It was practical, and saved you trouble in the long run. What was the point of opening up your mouth and spilling your guts out? That was for people who liked to go on daytime telly and talk about their bad relationships and family issues and things.
"Duh! Took you long enough," Moriarty cried happily. "Of course, I've got to back up and correct you just a teensy-weensy bit.
"He tried to hit me!" someone bawled. "You fucking bastard!"
"Oh, it was fine, no problems at all. You were in an awfully good mood today – the trips must have done you good. Was that you singing a little while ago?"
Sherlock pulled a pen from his pocket, found a blank corner in the address book, and wrote his number down. He tore the scrap off and set it on the coffee table. "Do call me if you happen to think of anything else."
"Connection? I haven't – I haven't got a connection with it. We were filming the story,
He gasped in sudden joy. Oh, he'd make them pay. For a couple of hours at least.
He wasn't mindless; he wouldn't penetrate Tom, nor rut against him, but he couldn't…it was too much, too much.
"Calm down," Sherlock said. "They did take me. And Ver – Sue was busy talking to her lawyers just in case I violated some sort of insurance policy."
"Good. Mary can help her avoid the tabloids."
"I'm afraid we don't know. Yet." Mycroft's flush deepened.
Sherlock touched his burning cheek. "What the hell was that?"
No answer.
"Well, you can tell me all about it at lunch," the woman said with a cosy smile. "Car's out at the kerb, but I can come in and wait while you shower or…do whatever you need to do." She took a step forward, as if her remark had established terms of intimacy between them.
Ah, Mycroft! Hm. Not bad. Not as fat as Mycroft, but he certainly had the supercilious attitude just right.
Tom opened his mouth to say God only knew what, and whooshed air out harshly as a body slammed him up against the wall and pinned his wrists. He wanted to scream, but no sound emerged from his throat.
? All that about Irene Adler and her makeup and heels was beside the point. When she was flirting with Sherlock, John's stomach had clenched and he'd felt the old quavering in his hand. At least Sherlock hadn't flirted back. At least! Oh, God. And when they'd left, John had felt…was it triumph?
"Mmm…doesn't work that way." Moriarty strolled along the bookshelves and touched one finger to the crumbling wallpaper. "
"No, that's –"
, really.
"Did he know that she was going to…that she'd planned to…."
Sherlock shrugged and closed the door, and the car slid into traffic.
Tom tried to focus on it and saw a square of white, like one of those pre-saturated cleansing cloths, shining white in the low light of the table lamps. The smell was awful. A funny apprehension slowly worked its way through Tom's fog. "Henry?"
"A rather large-scale game, little brother. Roughly twenty-five years of relative peace disrupted in a matter of weeks."
- and on and on and on. John shook his head, silently giving Benedict permission to choose. They were screwed any way one sliced it.
I hate that this has to go out as a chapter and maybe get people's hopes up, but I don't know how else to do it.
Sherlock returned the smile, and the thought struck him:  he could sweep everything about Mary under the rug. Go to her, offer his silence for hers, strike a deal. Would she be amenable to a deal? He thought not, but he could be persuasive. And she had so much more to lose. Maybe. He leant close to kiss John's mouth again, gentler this time, a soft brush of the lips. "Don't be sorry."
The ice melt was ridiculously simple – it was indeed GHB, likely enough to incapacitate TWH but not to knock him out completely, hence the use of chloroform. The little flowered carpet had been a challenge, however. There was plenty of Hampstead Heath dirt in it, petrochemicals, the usual London grit, but also four distinct sets of footprints, strands of horsehair, traces of slightly acid, loamy soil, coniferous vegetation, silver birch, peat, and best of all, evidence of sand and clay belonging to one of the Bagshot Beds. The same sand and clay was embedded in the glue of the letter's envelope. Because the evidence was practically nonexistent, it had taken an embarrassingly long time to narrow the field, but at last he'd done it – all signs pointed to Surrey. Specifically, Farnham.
Tom sat back comfortably. "There you go." He replaced the lid and began to sort through the pile of fan mail. There were about two dozen pieces, all flat envelopes, all slit open at the top and carefully checked for potentially harmful items. He rifled through them restlessly, looking for a particular style – innocuous, but unsettling all the same. Handwritten, typewritten, calligraphy, green ink, black ink, pink envelope, envelope with heart stickers, picture of him stuck to the back, drawing of Loki – good heavens – and there. There.
John wanted to get up and walk away, yearned to go back to Sherlock's. But he couldn't, could he? No. He had to be a fucking adult and see this through to the end, and the end, it seemed, was very near to hand. "Wasn't it enough, the money I made? I could have got a second job, if that was it. You never seemed to care about things all that much, I didn't –"
"Are you sure it can be done?" John closed his eyes and massaged them. "Well, when, for God's sake? And do I have to let…do we really have to stay here, all things considered? Maybe I could go back to Baker Street."
John nodded and smiled. "Take care, Ben."
"No," Sherlock muttered, and then got an idea.
So many thanks to kimberlite for beta-reading the first section and to Vilestrumpet for Britpicking as well as pinch-hitting for kimberlite as she's globetrotting. :)
"Oh." Nora looked over her shoulder at John, her expression troubled, then back at the nurse.
"It's true," Sherlock agreed modestly.
"Hey, you're Sherlock!" someone cried. American accent.
"Not now, Mrs Hudson," Benedict whispered, brushing past her. He followed the police and John outside, into a battery of eye-watering lights. Press. Parasites in every universe. Immediately, the hectoring began.
The point was, things didn't happen for a reason, but there was occasional happy chance, and sometimes whilst on a case, Sherlock had managed to work out other problems, like the time he was wrestling with the problem of the Aluminium Crutch and discovered the existence of the owner of a house that wasn't actually a house…and further, that the owner, a socialite and gambler, had a taste for kidneys in béarnaise sauce. Fortunately, it had all turned out to his advantage; he was up one façade posing as a Leinster Gardens house, and he'd escaped the Clarence House cannibal with his kidneys intact.
"Are we?"
"Anyone can do that," Benedict said. "If they've seen the show." He pressed his hands together and forced himself to speak calmly. "You're a fiction, and I'm hallucinating. So if you can't deduce us out of here, kindly shut the hell up so I can think, okay?"
Sherlock took a deep breath, composed his features into an agreeable mask, and opened the door. "Fine."
"Oh!" The woman looked over her shoulder. "Right. Ciaran, darling! Come here!" She beckoned urgently, and the porter wheeled the goggle-eyed boy over.
“Well – yes. Over clothes, obviously.” A blush suffused Mycroft’s throat and cheeks.
Mycroft took a step forward and pointed a finger in Sherlock's face. "You were
He was still, waiting for the inevitable follow-up.
, mocking Mycroft's intonation.
Jim blew out a breath and waved a hand. He was close to melting down, and he wanted to save his energy. "Never mind. Just take your places and wait for my signal."
Lestrade, Molly, and the weeping neighbour joined in. "Hear our prayer."
Sherlock tugged against the tape again, but his limbs were shockingly weak. He took a deep breath, coughed explosively, and tried again. He had to gather his strength. He couldn't rely on Mycroft or John or Mary to rescue him.
"You said you wouldn't be starting anything 'til nightfall, Mr Moriarty," Coddington said.
Benedict gazed into Jim's eyes for a moment, those fathomless black pools of malice. He felt a strange icy fear coiling round his spine. "Let me think. Something about burning the heart out of me."
Sherlock Holmes. Make no attempt to emulate him. To be blunt:  Adhere to a purely domestic script and avoid any hint of danger or adventure. It clearly doesn't suit you at all."
He sank back against the pillows, ignoring whatever the orderly was saying, ignoring the steadily increasing rain, and focusing on the pain in his body, because surely it was the pain that was causing the grittiness in his eyes and the tightness in his throat and chest and surely a very large helping of oxycodone or morphine or fentanyl or any fucking thing would take that away, and preferably sooner rather than later. He just needed to know where John was; just knowing that he was nearby would ease it all a bit.
"Yeah, love?"
"How's Mummy?" Benedict asked casually.
"Ben." Tom wheezed a bit from the strength of Benedict's embrace. "Ben." He wrapped his arms round Benedict's body and squeezed hard, then found Benedict's mouth with his own.
"I'm fine," Sherlock said, a querulous note in his voice. He swung one leg off the bed, then the other, and sat up, shaking. His teeth chattered. "Just need to move around a bit."
Sherlock wiped his cheek and blinked beer out of his right eye.
Holmes brother. Sherlock's just the pretty one. And neither of you is all that bright. Sad." He turned his attention to Sherlock. "How's Miss Mary?"
"Yes," Sherlock said. "He was." He was silent a moment, staring at the man's hands. A tickle of suspicion began in the back of his brain. "Not a soldier. A soldier of fortune. Isn't that right?"
Ridiculous maudlin stuff –
"Stop it," John hissed. "Take me to him, now."
"You're in Altnagelvin Hospital in Derry."
Thumbs.
He went to Wikipedia, glad that no-one was watching (Wikipedia, for God’s sake), and gleaned the essential details, scanning rapidly. Theatre, television, film, radio work, personal, etc., etc., etc. Boring, boring, boring, dull, dull, dreary, mildly interesting, dull – good-looking, but the worst hairstyle, dear Christ! – dull, dull, dull –
For an answer, Tom turned and walked out of the kitchen, casting a come-hither look over one shoulder.
"What the hell is going on with you?" Tom whispered.
Benedict pivoted on his heel and faced John, smiling in triumph. "Mycroft." If the British Government couldn't sort things out, nobody could.
"Brittle."
Benedict cracked a grin. "Pity he'd have the video evidence destroyed. I'd put it on YouTube." John chuckled, and they stifled their merriment as the waiter approached with a tray. As Benedict tucked into his lunch, he traded a glance with John, and they descended into inane laughter again. Benedict wiped his eyes and beamed at John, who beamed back so brightly that Benedict was startled. John must have registered his reaction, because he dropped his gaze and dug into his pasta with fierce vigour.
Sherlock thought a moment. It was risky, but who better to pick up cues from than a significant other? He quickly texted a reply:
As he faded out, he saw Henry's ruddy face, grinning.
She drew closer, and stopped.
Oh, good. London, then, or at least the vicinity. "Can't." He needed data. "I'd feel…safer at home. You understand." He gave Vertue a tight smile, then let his mouth broaden and his eyes crinkle up.
Sherlock strolled to a chair and sat. Guthrie's office was painted the deep brown of bitter chocolate. Paintings, sculpture, objects, and rare books littered the place like exotic afterthoughts. He made no move to speak until John and Guthrie had seated themselves.
"I'm coming to back you up. Do not move until I arrive."
"Then Johnny goes overboard, and I'll kill you anyhow."
The door opened, and a hand landed solidly on his back. "Hello there."
Of course!
"I've got it, I've got it," Mary whispered, and undid the buckle, then slipped out the gag, wet with saliva and thin blood from the corners of his mouth. Sherlock coughed feebly and let out another shuddering half-sob. Unable to meet his eyes, Mary grasped one of his icy hands and massaged it. "It's okay. It's all right, sweetheart." Sherlock didn't reply, but leant against her, letting her support him. A tide of the greatest self-loathing she'd ever known swamped her, and bile rose in her throat.
"Everything okay?"
"Juvenile –" Benedict spluttered.
welcome," Christina said with a gleaming smile. "I'll let you know when we're sorted – until then, there's an assortment of films and music, and some reading material." She pointed at a cabinet across the aisle. "The list is on top." She glided away again and pulled the curtains closed behind her.
"Yeah. Sorry, I didn't have time to do shopping, and we didn't have much in the fridge." John emptied the containers onto plates, put the plates in the microwave, and turned the oven on to heat them.
wolves at one's door."
"Jesus Christ."
The click of the closing front door woke him, and he opened his eyes abruptly. For a moment he thought he'd fallen asleep on the set, and then realised that he was still stuck in 221B. An insistent probing finger of disappointment and despair prodded at his insides, and he squeezed his eyes shut for a moment, visualising waking up in his own bed, Tom warm and sleepy next to him, one long leg flung over his, a habit that annoyed Benedict slightly but that he'd give anything to endure at the moment, and the knowledge that a good work day was ahead of him.
John shrugged and handed the phone back. "Might just be private. Maybe he had a thing with Lady Howe."
"Would you trust anyone that much?"
but couldn't catch his bottom lip with his top teeth. "Game."
"Sherlock? Sherlock, you okay?"
nicer here than our other digs, isn't it, John? I think we'd rather stay here tonight, Mycroft. Also, my phone is on the blink. I need a new one."
"Yes, but I – surely Henry will say something. He'll say I was there. There'll be forensic evidence."
"That's nice," Sherlock said, biting the inside of his cheek.
Sherlock set the phone on the sink, shivering with cold. If Mycroft knew the truth about Mary – and he did, of course, everything, no doubt about it – he would be merciless. If Mary had murdered Lady Howe, his intimate friend, he would be unstoppable.
"The strange thing is that there doesn't seem to be a burn site. No blistering, not even a reddened patch of skin," said the PA (just broke up with his girlfriend, using her shampoo and lotion in a desperate attempt at connection – no,
Heaving for breath, Benedict dropped into a crouch and tucked his head between his knees. Concussion. Had to be.
Beads of sweat stood out on Guthrie's brow. "I can't tell you his name, but I…he works very often with Lord Moran. He's…he's not terribly communicative." He strode to the door and opened it. "Please – go."
"Stop," Sherlock muttered, putting his hand between his cock and Tom's mouth.
pounds? To clean a fucking dress? What's it made of, gold?"
typical, would take some time to chat – well, gloat – and ratchet up his victims' terror and helplessness before he got down to business.
"Wait." John was on his knees, crouched behind the desk. He pulled out a square parcel roughly the size of a chessboard, wrapped in a fragment of ragged wool. "This smells like cigarettes."
"That puppy-dog gaze of yours. It got you chosen for all the plum stuff. Well, that and you fucking anyone and everyone connected with the theatre. Cutthroat, but effective, I'll give you that."
"No idea who it might have been?"
Mary's breath caught as she approached the open casket – done up, sitting on a catafalque, but still clearly collapsible, flammable. Miss Finch stood a respectful distance away; Mary wanted to turn and tell her to go away, fuck off and leave her alone, but…probably not a good idea.
Sherlock flexed his hands, then pulled up the sheet and wiggled his toes. "None at all."
"Sure," John said. "Erm, I'll start some dinner, yeah? Sherlock, want some pasta?"
Coddington, the most competent of the three, frowned. "We did an eight hour dose."
"Sherlock!" Mycroft thundered, and Sherlock looked up at him, startled. Only then did Mycroft truly see Sherlock's countenance – not the aftereffects of the severe beating he'd received, for perversely, Moriarty hadn't damaged his face – but the new dark smudges beneath his eyes, the dreadful hollows of his cheeks, all too suggestive of the skull beneath the skin, the lack of vivacity that permeated not just his face, but his entire body and spirit.
When he'd written that, he'd had every damned paragraph in mind and now, despite his intimacy with the topic, it might as well have been written in Farsi for all he could piece it together. Maybe it was age.
"Yes?"
!" Furious tears hazed his vision. "Benedict –"
"God,
"Off to dinner with some dot-com billionaire. Trying to extract a few-score thousand pounds for a new lighting system. The old one's going to bash someone's head in soon if we don't get rid of it."
"Well then. Right, on we go." He dragged Tom forward. "Christ, you're heavier than you look."
"I reckoned I couldn't have you nagging me every time I saw you," Sherlock said, and got to his feet. "Could I use your loo?"
she’d agreed.
"Right."
time, for God's sake?"
John rubbed his eyes. "I need a cuppa."
why."
"Want a lift? It's freezing outside. Think it might snow."
"Is that what you think, John?"
did the man have? "Hungry?" He sounded a bit air-headed, but then Cumberbatch wasn't exactly overly endowed in the brains department.
Kerstin Tresler looked Sherlock directly in the eye. "Yes."
He detached himself from Sherlock's arms and took a step back.
“Oh, thank you so very much,” Violet replied, oozing acid sweetness. She ignored Sig’s gentle prod of reproach, gathered up the gifts, and marched through the gloomy grey corridor toward Eurus’ room at speed.
"Thought so." A knock sounded at the door, and Sherlock rose to his feet. "Ah – food, yes?" He opened the door, extracted his money clip, and handed over a few bills. "No change, thank you." Returning to the bed, he set the carrier bags down. "Mm. Come and eat."
"You didn't reveal her identity when she shot you for John's sake. You killed Magnussen for John's sake. Why are you still protecting her?"
Take Sherlock, for example. John wasn't sure he wanted to know every nuance of Sherlock's personality – he was a bit of a nutter anyhow, and who knew the whole of what was hidden behind that arrogant and brilliant exterior? There had been moments, though:  little moments, usually when it was just the pair of them, not dashing about solving crimes, but in the quiet spaces of their ordinary lives – a laugh, a grin that was somehow a bit goofy and attractive at once, not the public I-know-more-than-I'm-letting-on-but-you'll-be-hearing-about-it-momentarily smirk that Sherlock wielded with surgical precision, a mundane remark about fetching laundry or making supper that would have been commonplace coming from anybody else, but from Sherlock – it was hard to explain, but those little gestures and remarks were different. Somehow.
The two men stepped forward, and Sherlock shrank back involuntarily. "This is hardly nece –" He clenched his teeth hard as one of the men grasped a handful of his hair and dragged his head backward until he was staring up at the yellow bulb overhead. "You never could do anything on your own, Jim. You've always needed your little army of thugs."
The room was warm, even close, but suddenly John was freezing. Icy sweat formed between his shoulder blades, under his arms. "Oh, fuck. Fuck." He closed his eyes. Brighton. Oh,
"Thanks."
In the surrounding trees, birds had begun to rustle awake; a few sweet notes pierced the cool pre-dawn air.
"Hello." Mary took a quick breath. "I'm here for Patricia Alland."
Sherlock gave another deep sigh. Statistical probability that this was a purely temporary scenario:  unknown. He'd brushed up a bit on cosmology and physics after the fake Vermeer incident, but space-time warps had only been touched on briefly, scarcely more than a page in any one of the books he'd read.
“Best to Clive.”
Benedict looked up at Mycroft. "What?" he croaked.
"If she'd found over fifty pieces, there'd be a hue and cry, and surely repatriation of art would make worldwide news. Why the secrecy?"
Relieved, Benedict nodded. He was amazed at John's restraint, though; he'd have burned with curiosity to know what was going to happen. "I do wish I could show you the series, though. I think you'd love it. One of the really brilliant things about it is that we really focus on John's internal process, a lot more than any of the other adaptations."
"All cosy back here?" Henry's voice was breathless, falsely jolly.
"Don't know," Sherlock said. They came to a lift, and they got in as the doors slid open. "It's never been disclosed, and even Mycroft doesn't know."
"You're Sherlock!" the boy said gleefully, shaking Sherlock's hand with great enthusiasm.
"Freddy Conran!"  Undisguised footsteps, considerably more than five, and the now-welcome sound of readied weaponry.  "Hands where we can see them."
"Yeah. Yeah." John's mouth thinned into a stern line, and he stared out the window for a moment. "That was from Mary. She, erm…she inherited some money from her aunt."
