“We have the chain that Abaddon used on Crowley in the warehouse. It made him unable to use any of his power, and if it works on the King of Hell, then-“
“Maybe you dropped them by the car?” Sam suggests, sticking his hands in his pockets.
Dean tears his eyes away from Castiel to glance over at the betas standing there looking at him with twin smug expressions. It’s irritating, but with Cas standing with him he doesn’t feel as threatened or angry. Even with his scent somehow pulled back to just basic hints of something familiar, yet very alpha, Dean somehow feels safe. They’ve only known each other for a few days, technically, but Dean feels more comfortable with him than he might have ever felt with Benny. And he knew him for years. But feeling safe and getting to know him is different than trusting him.
“You gunna come for me, angel? You gunna come for me, thinking about how good you like my cock shoved up your ass?”
, face to face, so close their noses are brushing
Sam screws up his face. “Ew, gross Dean.”
“Let me walk you to your car,” Cas says with a small smile. It’s the kind of smile he use to give him. The one that makes his eyes crinkle at the sides just enough that Dean knows is genuine, real, just for him.
Logically, Dean knows he must be breathing. Even though he isn’t aware to the rise and fall of his chest, he is still alive or he wouldn’t be able to feel his heart. Trying again to move something on his body, he starts to panic having no luck.
He shrugs and looks back at Dean. “You are who you’ve always been, I’d imagine. Your ‘wants’, so to speak, are just more demanding. Whether you have realized they were there or not, I don’t know. I’m not you. All I can say is what I’ve seen firsthand and experienced. Maybe being one of the few with a stronger designation just opened up those thoughts or feeling you were keeping locked up?”
“And I’ve heard absolutely nothing about you,” Dean says through his teeth. All he wants to do is just find the nearest exit and duck out. It was a mistake to come here.
“We just keep jumping into these situations without thinking things through.” Sam sighs and Castiel can almost hear the frustration laced into his words. “It’s the jumping that’s drowning us, Cas. In-between what Dean did and you…You just got whole again less than a few hours ago, and you keep flying away without much of a goodbye, or where you’re going.”
“Uggh!” He groans rubbing a hand roughly over his face. “Do you have any idea how frustrating it is not knowing what is and what isn’t public knowledge yet?”
“You reek of shame and desperation. You call yourself an alpha, but even alpha’s have standards and can abide by the new laws. You are nothing more than filth I scrape off of my shoe at the end of the night. The kind of thing the slightest bit of paperwork or effort isn’t even worth.”
“Working,” he states giving her knowing stare. “You’ve never been much for casual, Char.”
Dean murmurs something again, body jerking in his sleep. Castiel’s fingers twitch, ready to be raised and used to calm Dean’s dreams. He swallows thickly remembering that he doesn’t hold that power anymore. A prickle over his skin as Castiel raising his head to see Crowley staring back at him, a smirk plastered over his lips. Castiel hates that he already knows without any of them saying anything.
The screen turns off after a few minutes of inactivity making Dean scowl at the darkened screen. He slams the rest of his beer, swipes it back on, hurriedly typing out a messaging asking Castiel to lunch at their usual spot and hitting send before he can think better of it. He tosses the phone down on the table as he gets up and walks into the bathroom to take a shower and get ready.
“You can’t fucking fire me!”
“Dean,” he hears him rasp out, quickly followed a guard dressed in all black, mask included, steps forward, hitting him across the face.
Castiel pushes himself up, slowly standing from the ground. A comforting weight he has been missing so terribly it brought him physical pain rests on his back again. He rolls his shoulders, listening to the sound of feathers only he can hear rustling behind him. A slow smile spreads across his lips as he tips his head backwards. Castiel spreads his wings out behind him, rememorizing every twitch of his muscles, every sound of feathers brushing against one another, and appreciating the way his body feels more balanced-complete- with the rest of him.
will inject him, yes.” He replies. “Just to be on the safe side I think we should stick to the time frame that the trails set.” Castiel gives Sam a small smile and tips his head down at him. “You’ve already done so much. You only need to wait until Dean walks out the door and greet him.”
“In all other traumatic situations police enforcement have to gather statements from victims. Dean’s situation is no different from others except the doctor treating him is family. If being here is uncomfortable for you then – ”
But, loves, I am sorry. I, again, am not abandoning this story. It was just hard there for awhile. Three deaths in an eigth month span, and I was just...numb. I
“Sell me,” he chokes out, eyes darting around the room like some stranger is going to burst through at any minute and take him away. “Benny was going to sell me. But he said I was,” Curling his lip in disgust Dean practically spits out the word. “Tainted.”
“No, please – ”
“Open your eyes! Damnit, open your eyes Dean!”
“It’s the third floor!” She calls after him. “Down the hallway, second do–”
What the fuck was that?
“Benny said the guy could fix it. Break the bond.” He brings his hand up and gently lays his hand over his bite, flinching a little over how much it hurts. “Kept talking about money. He…he just kept fucking pushing into the bite, dragging me outside.”
Sam runs a hand through his hair and shakes his head. “Don’t listen to him, Cas. He’s just scared. It’s going to work.”
“Yeah, sure. Heard it all before,” Dean says going to for nonchalant. “If it means I can kill the bitch, just give it to me.” He looks up and sets his jaw. “I made up my mind awhile ago.”
“Dean?” Cain asks, voice sounding strained.
. This is all his fault. Not only is he incapable and weak to take care of himself, but now he let his guard down enough that it’s making everything worse for his friends. This is his mess to clean up, and he’ll be damned if Dean falls into becoming something far worse than what hell tried to mold him into.
“Four hundred and seven years!”
Castiel forces himself to pull his arms away from Dean and painfully push himself to feet. “Enochian.” He replies quietly, walking over to the couch. The words themselves are too personal, and something he’s only ever allowed himself to share when Dean’s nightmares are too much.
Bobby is forced to close up the shop an hour early just so they can sanitize the whole place, top to bottom, every night. Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever be able to get smell of bleach out of his nose again. After a week of nightly cleanings, his sense of smell is practically nonexistent. Food doesn’t seem to hold a taste any longer and he blames it on the chemical smell. Dean begins to lose weight.
“You’ll come back?’ He asked.
“What Crowley isn’t elaborating on is
“You and I, Dean, we are very much alike.” Cain leans against the mantle, eyes never leaving Dean’s.
The call goes dead and for a moment Dean lays there smiling to himself, just soaking in the fact that his body is finally at some sort of peace.
He yelps as someone grabs his arm and spins him around. The sudden jerk of his body leaves him unbalanced for a moment as he stares back at a middle aged man with black, soulless eyes right before the man grabs his head and slams it through the glass window of the door, glass pieces shattering around him. Dean grunts, dropping the phone as he feels shards of glass slice across his face. Bringing his hands up he pushes the demon away enough to fumble for the for the doorknob, opening it and stumbling in. Dean slams it shut knowing it’s pointless in the scheme of things, and runs back into the living room where Crowley is now standing.
“We good?” Sam asks as he sets the bowl down.
“Crowley and I were discussing it and it seems best if I go on ahead. You two will follow a few minutes after, giving me time to distract him and you come up from behind.”
And everything just
The echoes of Dean’s words before Sam pushed him from the room still whisper in his mind. He isn’t exactly sure what he would’ve said or done had Sam not forced him to leave, but the more doses they give Dean the more vicious his words get.
“I’m okay,” Dean says looking back at his brother who’s giving him a soft smile. He can’t help the edge of his lips twitching up in response.
“You’re not going in there alone,” Sam says, setting his jaw. “Whatever happens, just know that –”
This is a whole other thing. This touches in areas that proves he’s just like the rest of his damned sub gender. He’s a weak thing, unable to fight for himself. He’s not strong enough. With just a touch, a person has the ability to control him. To use him. To –
What was worse about this whole situation was how Cain didn’t look like he was anything other than calm and in control. He was standing there, seemingly having no issues with an angel in front of him; conversing like you would to any other person. When Dean had first gotten the Mark he was ruled by anger, irritability and the lust for blood. That was the Cain that Castiel had heard about in Heaven. The man standing in front of him was just...void of any and every emotion.
“Cas, stop!” Dean screams over. “What the hell are you even talking about?”
“I’m insulted, Castiel,” he scoffs. “You have no idea what I even have in mind.”
The books they’ve looked through have given them nothing. Some of the oldest texts they’ve looked at haven’t mentioned anything about The Mark of Cain other than what they already know. Nothing even hints at being able to get rid of it. Granted, a cure for Cain might not have been what anyone was leaning towards back when the Father of Murder was on the loose, but there were hardly any records of any attempts to kill him. Nobody simply got close enough to try, and if they did, well, they were just another stain on the Blade.
“They can hold him for literally attacking your mate! This really isn’t the best time. You saw what just –”
Dean’s eyes flutter open as he feels Castiel shift closer to him, their chests practically touching. “I was hurt, Dean. So confused and…It doesn’t justify how I treated you. No matter how many times I apologize it will never be enough.” He takes in a deep breath, resting his forehead against Dean’s as he lets it out slowly. Absentmindedly Dean’s tongue comes out, wetting his lips, chasing the Cas’ breath over his own. “I thought that because I wouldn’t –  or that we haven’t – you were just finally done with me. Done with waiting. You wanted to move on and I was so, so angry at myself.”
Sam clears his throat and picks up the menu laying on the table. “So, Cas…”
Charlie stays with him that night, rubbing his back as he throws up what feels like, everything he’s drank in the last seventy-two hours. When he wakes up in the morning his apartment is suspiciously clean of all empty bottles. He looks, but can’t seem to find any full bottles of liquor anywhere, either.
“Technically, yeah. Benny knew you were mated, but it’s your word against his, isn’t it? Could’ve said he didn’t notice or a whole bunch of other shit. Bottom line is, who are they going to believe? An alpha or an omega?” With a groan Sam rubs his tired face with his hands. “I’m not saying any of this new world stuff is right, okay? I’ve just been dealing with knotheads worse than Benny since the beginning. I’ve had countless cops come in and do their due diligence but not really care about the victims story. It’s all about sub-gender status now.”
Dean waits for Sam to elaborate, but all he does is take a quick drink of his water and set the cup down on the table. Hesitantly Dean says, “If everything is fine and you guys haven’t done anything wrong, then I don’t really see on what grounds he just fire you. You’re beta and have rights.”
Dean doesn’t think he looks any different. Same face with the same stubble dusting his cheeks. Same green eyes staring back at him. He holds out his hands and flips them over examining them for even the slightest of change. Everything still looks every bit the same as it always has. Finally, Dean lifts up his shirt halfway up. He stares at his chest, his belly not entirely flat (which he completely blames on the amount of crap food he eats at the diner all the time). It all looks exactly the same.
“Spar me the speech, Castiel,” the King of Hell says holding up a hand. “You flew too fast, too soon, and burnt your pretty little wings too close to the sun. Nothing a little rest can’t fix. Rather dull if you ask me, but then again I’m not the one who was foolish enough to meet our problem head on without a plan.”
The thought of moving away from the touch makes Dean’s stomach sour. It’s just…wrong. Like he almost
Dean clears his throat, thankful nothing burns in the process. “You look like hell warmed over.”
“I don’t know the impact it will have on Dean once the last of my grace is torn from his soul,” Castiel says pushing himself up enough to grab ahold of the table to steady himself on his feet. He tries his best to ignore Sam hovering beside him. “It feels as if Dean, or…Dean’s soul, at least, is calling out to me.”
A mixture of curiosity and impatience drives Castiel to reach for the box which Sam slides over to him without a word, forehead creased with a confused look. Carefully turning it towards him, Castiel looks down at a very old looking syringe. The handles look as if they’re made out of metal, and the glass seems thick and sturdy enough to hold his grace. The needle itself is thicker and long, longer than a normal standard medical needle. The whole thing would almost appear to be somewhat of a veterinarian needle if it wasn’t for the fact Castiel can actually feel the age coming from it.
“Oh thank God,” his brother says beside him. “You did it, Cas.”
“You lied instead of helping your family! I want to know what’s more important! What were you doing, and it sure as hell wasn’t killing any rugaru! I checked the papers, there wasn’t anything that might hint to an attack in the Midwest around those dates!”
Castiel raises an eyebrow, glancing over to the demon. “But you said we could get Dean back.”
“Dean…”
Dean is the only thing that matters. This
alpha’s – cock inside him again. Almost against his will, his eyes trail down Castiel’s toned chest, pausing on those fucking beautiful pronounced hipbones. Slowly they skim the rest of the way down until they reach the patch of dark hair where Castiel’s half hard cock lays against it. The honeyed green tea scent grows heavier around them as Dean licks his lips watching his alpha’s cock hardening and twitching to life underneath his gaze.
There are so many feelings and emotions flip-flopping inside him Dean can’t even attempt to argue an apology out, anyway. He doesn’t think he’s ever felt like this before. Is it even possible to be crying and laughing at the same time? Is there even such a thing as feeling extremely happy, beyond terrified and still have lingering sadness all at once?
“Back to Heaven,” he says slowly, trying to fend off his anger he’s sure is right there below the shocked numb. Castiel nods in response, biting his lower lip nervously. “Over what? You haven’t done anything. I mean, if anyone would know it would be me. And there’s nothing.” Clenching his fist in anger, Dean has to focus to keep his breathing calm. “You know this because of, what? Angel gossip?”
to know. “Cas?”
“I swear if you try and use that bullshit line on me I’ll – ”
Even on the worst of benders, Dean can still remember pieces of his night, or at least enough to know the how’s and why’s of things. When he tries to remember anything that might tell him what happened to his brother, his mind remains completely blank.
Their lips find each other again, their slow rhythm from the living room builds back up again. When Castiel feels Dean’s clever fingers undoing his belt and unbuttoning his top button, it takes everything he has not to thrust into his hand like he use to do. It wants it to be good for Dean, but having no drive what-so-ever to even jerk off during their time apart now leaves his dick extra sensitive, almost feeling like come in pants like a teenager just by anticipation alone. Castiel is so torn between just wanting Dean’s hands on him in any way possible, to wanting to push Dean away because the very thought of him touching his dick means he’ll come undone too soon, before they even get to having sex.
“Maybe. Or,” Dean says tilting his head to the side, giving Cas a wink. “You could come in and help me wash off my back.”
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday and by Monday Dean came to realize that Castiel’s family knew very little of how “close” they really were. He tried to push for things he knew Castiel wanted when he died, but they just ignored him. The sideways glances and disgusted looks were enough for Dean to shut his mouth, just hoping he would still be allowed to attend the memorial. Silently, he mourned Cas. Bereavement isn’t something given out for “just friends”, and working through losing the person-just-for-you isn’t easily done.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I said right!” Sam yells somewhere to the side of him.
! Dean
“Wait, if you would just —”
Dean can practically smell the confusion and questions coming from his alpha, but it’s too late (or early) to really give into all of it right now.
“See! There you go, bein’ all dramatic,” Benny says shaking his head.
is the world we live in now. I mean, I always knew I was screwed, but I always thought Sam was safe. Beta’s are just the ones that are left alone, you know? No one messes with them. It’s almost like their presence is invisible. Especially a beta with a profession like his. He is, or I thought he was, one of the untouchable ones. Hell, if anything he’s needed more than a lot of the other doctors. His job is new world relevant.”
And when it comes time for death to greet you, your other half will just be a few steps behind.
“That’s different. You – ”
Castiel’s turns back to Crowley, narrowing his eyes. “There is always a catch.”
Dean surges up, crashing his mouth into his. The kiss is sloppy, full of desperate words unable to form, instead passing back and forth over their shared breaths. As the kissing slows down, they end up just resting their foreheads against one another in silence. Somewhere in between everything they’re hands found each other, and Dean’s thumb running back and forth against the back of his hand is probably the most grounding thing he’s ever felt in his life.
Dean glares at him, feeling like he’s being tested somehow. No matter how he answers he knows that somehow Cain already knows the answer. That alone has alarms going off in Dean’s head. He wonders why it’s taken this long to get any kind of read on the guy. No one is that good.
Four days of some of the most intense sex Dean has ever had in his life. The second and third day he doesn’t remember much of it, except having a constant burning fire underneath his skin. No matter how much they fucked, it was like there was a constant itch that couldn’t be scratched. When Dean started to become more coherent, he refused to face his alpha. Every time after Castiel’s knot would go down, Dean would move away from him as far as possible. Castiel didn’t try and talk to him anymore than telling him to drink water or eat something.
It isn’t until he feels something pulling and yanking on his wrists that Castiel realizes Dean has dropped his hold on him enough to start binding his wrists with his belt. Castiel tries to pull them away, but Dean pulls the leather tighter. “You and I, angel. We’re gunna have some fun.”
It was then, watching his very best friend, smiling up in the rain after just moments before they’d just almost (at least Castiel was pretty sure) kissed that Castiel knew he was, if not had always been, in love with Dean Winchester.
“I need to say this before I can’t. Just let me get this out, okay?” He says, focusing on a random spot on his dashboard. He straightens his back, refusing to lower his head. “I called because I may not have all the info you and my brother do, but I know enough to know that this – you and I – isn’t something that can be ignored. I get that.” Taking in another deep breath, he lets it out slowly. “Sam seems to think you’re different, which coming from that kid who does nothing but deal with the aftermath of knothead’s all day is saying something.
“Ah, Cas,” Dean pants, squeezing his eyes shut and trying to focus on actual words instead of sinking to the ground taking the alpha in his mouth. Mm, he wonders if he tastes as good as he smells.
“We have to get to Dean,” he tries to keep his voice steady, but a sudden shiver creeping up his back settles an unease of foreboding over him.” Did Crowley tell you anything that might help us find them?”
He left work a few minutes earlier than he should have, unable to focus on his work on the newest fossil he’d just discovered in Argentina. When was the last time he’d seen Dean in person? Skype calls and Zoom meets are nice, but with the lack of connection down where he was it made talking to his pixelated friend difficult. Half the time their conversations froze, leaving the other person only hearing half, if not bits and pieces of the whole thing. Still, it was nice to have someone to talk to.
Dean doesn’t have it in him to even argue. He just nods his head. “I’ll talk to him, okay? No promises, though. You can break this, though, right?” Sam opens his mouth, and Dean rolls his eyes and cuts him off before he can say anything. “If shit doesn’t work out.”
“It was down enough to get the fuck out of some like you!” He snaps, pushing himself off the bed. “Putting this all on me like I’m the one who started this! You called me while jacking off on the phone! You gave me your address! You left the door unlocked and stood waiting for me in the hallway naked, dick hard and covered in slick! I may be strong enough to say no to a lot of things, but even the strongest of men would have a hell of a time walking away from omega that invited them into their home, naked and waiting, the whole place smelling like sex!”
“Yeah,” he whispers meeting Castiel’s eyes. “Yeah I do.”
Two orgasms and forty minutes later Dean’s sprawled out naked on his bed, chest heaving as he looks around for his phone. Where did he leave it? Dean sits up, wincing as his leg touches a spot of cooling slick on the bed. His body feels like its on fire, and unlike his regular heats, getting off isn’t cooling him down at all.
With the door open and the fresh air coming in, Dean thinks his mind is finally able to think for itself again. He takes in a deep breath, letting it out slowly as he reaches back into his seat for his phone he must’ve dropped. Castiel’s worried voice calls for him over the phone, and as must as his body wants him to assure his alpha he’s fine, he fights against the urge.
“I know where it is,” Castiel says slamming his thumb against the arrow going up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel gives a small smile and steps back from Sam reaching out to him. “I’m fine. A minor altercation, but it’s over now.” He nods to Crowley. “We were just discussing some ideas you had while I was away.”
“I think you know as well I do that if I truly don’t want to do something, I wont. Not because I’m not attracted to you because…” He glances down to his half hard cock still pressing against his jeans. “That’s never been the issue. All the times you’ve pulled your name from my lips with your lips wrapped around my cock kind of proves that.” Castiel presses a quick kiss to the edge of Dean’s partially opened mouth, loving Dean’s reaction to his words. “I’ve always just, well, not been ready. I’ve tried to explain it to you a hundred times before, but maybe, deep down, I thought what we had was enough, maybe? I think the bottom line was that I just wasn’t there, yet, with us.”
“Cas?” Dean asks hesitantly.
Castiel’s eyes snap back towards him. Dean hopes it might be the red and blue lights still dancing around them, but he’s pretty sure Cas’ eyes have a red tint.
Castiel watches as they both begin yelling at each other before his eyes fall back to the holy water. He walks over to the syringe, uncapping the needle and opens up the lid of the holy water. Judging by the arguing still coming from the two they haven’t even noticed what he’s doing. It doesn’t matter. He sticks the needle into the water and pulls it up until it’s full. Time is not on their side, and if he knows Dean, he will be out of those chains and that room before they know it. Castiel refuses to mention to anyone, but holding Dean while he struggled against him was straining. Even now he feels exhaustion from the simple act.
“I think I’ll just stay here and rest,” Castiel says in quiet voice, staring at the floor.
“After all this time, still as dense as ever, eh?” Crowley rolls his eyes and nods towards the door. “I’m not saying Dean will stop, because it’s my experience working with the Winchester’s, they never stop. Even when they know they’re headed off that cliff in a flamin’ car, they’re still going to see it through. Probably speed up just to get it over with.”
The more he listens to Sam talking to Castiel on the phone, the more his panic begins to subside little by little. He feels a bit more like himself – his old self – and starts to think about things clearer. Logically, Dean knows that even with the way the world is now, it would still be stupid of Benny to show up at his apartment right after getting out of jail to try and finish what he started. Benny may be a lot of things, but outright idiotic isn’t one of them. At least, he didn’t use to be before the other night.
“Stop!” Dean groans, rubbing a hand down his face. “I seriously can’t fucking deal with this shit right now, Sammy. I’m drained and I don’t got much else in me. I feel like I need a bottle of whiskey and a twelve hour nap.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well,” she continues, dragging out the word like she’s asking him a simple addition problem.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ve been lying to me! For weeks!”
He gets a text message from Benny later that night simply saying, “Locked up the shop. Need time off. Family stuff.” Dean doesn’t even respond, but instead messages his brother asking about red eyes. He falls asleep waiting for a response that never comes.
“What the hell for?” Sam asks, glancing down at his hand. “Wait, what are you – ”
*~*~*~*
“I’ll stay with Dean until you get back,” Sam says refusing to make eye contact with him. “See you soon.”
“This isn’t funny,” he says frowning, narrowing his eyes at Dean.
“Then you
Alphas have been settled into positions of power, butting out the omegas. Betas fill in the gaps here and there, but Dean has come to find their ego is just as bad as any alpha the longer they’re around them. Their nice Midwestern town has gone from one of the nicest most boring places on earth, to your standard typical alpha run town. Rape, domestic violence and basically anything involving alpha on omega gets swept under the rug.
“So help me, if you don’t get back here on top of me I’m going to – ”
“Not here,” Dean mumbles, lifting up his head to find Castiel’s lips again. They are seriously pushing their luck standing here in the open of the restroom in the middle of a damn graduating class reunion. “Later. Fuck, please. Later. Want you. Want you so bad it hurts.”
it will work on a Knight of Hell.” Castiel shakes his head, trying not to let his anger rise.
Before Castiel can finish his step towards them, Crowley snaps his fingers and they’re gone.
The world around him flickers into blackness as he tries to gasp for air. Castiel tries to lift his arm to feel in front of him, but his limbs still refuse to work. It was if something heavy is pressing on him, squeezing every last bit of life he had left. Panic floods him as he begins falling in the darkness. The last bit of air from his burning lungs rushes out, and he stares wide-eyed into the black nothingness unable to gasp in anything more. He yearns to scream for the comfort of the blissful, blinding white emptiness again. Everything in him is screaming at him to breathe, but nothing seems to be responding.
Nine months into their relationship Castiel finally got to the point where he was fine with hand jobs. Dean thinks he wont ever forget the way Castiel’s face looks during an orgasm; eyes squeezed shut, mouth partially open in a silent scream as he fucks Dean’s hand through it all, marking Dean’s bare chest him with his come, claiming him -
Sighing, Dean runs a hand over Castiel’s back once more before looking to his brother and giving a small nod. Time to get to work.
All emotion from moments before disappears from his face as the man stiffens his back and somehow seems to fill up the vastness with just his presence. The energy this guy is giving off is powerful. Enough that it makes Dean want to grab his knife or have something to defend himself, but he’s dead. What more can this guy do to him?
“Our relation—” Benny blinks down at him in surprise, then barks out a laugh. “Toxic? Cher, I think you’re confusing who stabbed who in the back.”
“Left a bit ago for some food,” Crowley replies tapping his chin for a moment. “You burnt your grace out.”
It’s like a missing puzzle falling into place. No wonder he never admitted, or even acknowledged that part of him. And it isn’t like he’s gay, not really. He’s attracted to females all his life, so he’s just into both. Maybe not even both, because he can’t really ever remember a time another male got him as turned on as the dark haired alpha that fucked him nine ways from Sunday. But it’s okay. His dad isn’t here, and Sammy is okay with it, and its okay.
“What the hell are you doing? You work tonight!”
, his mind whispers. And for once Dean doesn’t disagree with the omega part of him.
couldn’t.
Well, look at that, I posted another chapter! Miracles do happen. ^_^;
“Yeah, yeah, I know. Sorry I’m late,” Dean says sliding into the empty side of the booth. “Did you order already?”
“Want me to grab the alpha?” The other man asks, giving a quick glance towards Dean. “He’s almost done giving his statement, I think. He wanted his omega checked, right?”
*~*~*~*
Slowly, what feels like a feat all in itself, Dean shifts his head just slightly to look at Castiel. The man doesn’t even give him the common curiosity to look his direction. Instead he’s looking down at his
Dean licks his lips, coughing nervously as he sits up straight trying to come up with the right things to say. Is there even a right thing to say? Where does he even start? The more he thinks about it, the more the anger simmering in him begins to start bubbling to the surface. Cain stare never wavers from anything less than intense despite Dean stalling, trying to work out what to say. If he really has been “keeping in the loop” then Cain must have some sort of idea why there here and honesty will probably be the best route.
I'm loving all the love I'm getting back! It keeps me going!
Castiel spits out a mouthful of blood on the ground as Dean strains his eyes trying to fight the drugs trying to steal his consciousness. Slowly Castiel looks back over him, but instead of the usual wide, almost scared look, his blue eyes are narrowed and glowing.
Benny lets out a wet gasp that sounds bad enough Dean thinks maybe he should intervene somehow to at least prevent his mate from going to jail for killing someone, but his voice refuses to work.
“He’s in charge of your floor, or whatever, right? Seems kinda standard that he might pop in.”
Letting out a shaky breath, exhaustion seems to take it’s place. It’s late, well after midnight if Cas has to guess, but it’s more than that. Everything he’s been suppressing having to do with Dean is coming up and it’s just too much to have to try and push back down again.
Dean runs a hand down his face. All this information is exhausting. He’s not even sure how he’s mentally taking anything else in. “God you make it sound like we’re all some sort of damn science experiment.”
It’s not like in the movies where time stands still, or even partially slows with some important narrative. No, everything moves the same.
Castiel runs his hand through his hair. “Angels tried for centuries to stop Cain and no one ever succeeded.
It wasn’t long before Dean was quickly known as the most viscous, ruthless hunter known to mankind.
“Even in my weakened state I am still an angel and so help me I will smite you if you don’t shut the hell up,” Castiel snaps.
~*~*~
Cas didn’t just leave because he needed time to adjust and find himself in his new town, no. He left him for someone else. Someone that, apparently, went to the same damn college as him because Castiel sure as hell didn’t.
Castiel much sense something is off because he takes a step closer, dropping his hand to rest on his shoulder again. The weight of the touch is comforting even without his alpha’s scent telling him nothing. It’s honestly more irritating than it ought to be. How fair is it that Cas is able to scent him, but he can’t? Since they’re mates, shouldn’t he be able to scent Cas all the time? Isn’t that how it works? What does it even mean if he can’t? Are they not really as connected as Sam made everything out to be?
“Cas,” Sam whispers behind him. “Are you sure he’s out there?”
“My alpha would feel better knowing you have something of mine,” Cas says.
Castiel catches Dean’s fist right before it hits his face, but misses the second that connects with his gut. He grunts and pushes Dean away from him as much as he can. He can feel his grace straining to keep up with all the contact and flying. Letting out a growl of frustration, he steps back, the back of his foot knocking into the Blade still laying beneath him.
Dean can’t help it. Even if he already knows what the answer is going to be, he blurts out the question. “Did the kid make it?”
“Are you okay? Do you need me to –”
“Cas,” Sam says, voice strained. “We have ten minutes.”
Abaddon’s army he could understand. Demons bound to their fallen leader, suddenly left with no one to pick up the slack of rebellion. Angry that at the Knight of Hell who started it all and then vanishing, then reappearing again yet unwilling to lead them. All the demons must want is bloodshed and revenge for knocking their purposes off balance. They had given up their allegiance to the King of Hell in hopes of a new hell on earth, not confined to games, laws and shadows anymore. But betrayal is something that cannot ever be forgiven in hell. There is neither patience, nor time. Abaddon’s followers have damned themselves once again. They are only left with the choice to hide, knowing someone eventually will find them; or to join together, and attack hoping someone might get lucky enough to land a hit.
“Yours,” he whispers. And for the first time since he’s life turned upside down, it feels like the only thing that makes any damn sense.
“Someone should stop them,” Dean whispers.
But being human and having no experience in the fae world, Dean only has to rely on what his friend has told him throughout their years of knowing each other. If his faerie was awake Dean knows he would kick his ass, but seeing as how that is the issue on the line, he decides it’s not really up for debate. Bottom line is he can’t live in a world without his faerie.
Dean grips the demon blade so tightly it hurts and swears red starts to tint his vision. He doesn’t need to explain himself to the demon, but hell if he can’t make him pay for even suggesting he’d stoop down to their level of low.
And just like that Dean feels his body falling for such a significant amount of time. Right as he starts to grow comfortable with it, his feet hit the ground and he stumbles to stay upright. Blinking his eyes to never ending blackness, he turns his head trying to see something. The only reason he even knows his eyes are open is because he can feel his eyelids opening and closing, but he doesn’t see
“You don’t have to do this,” Sam says behind him. “He’s my brother – it was my idea.”
“Feathers is right about this one,” Crowley whispers back gruffly. “I can feel him.”
“I can’t do this,” he sobs burying his head deeper into the side of Castiel’s neck. “I-I- I can’t do this!”
it’s grown into. He should have just been more vague or slightly more honest with less monster-y story attached to it. It shouldn’t matter that he went out for some "him" time, and it probably doesn't, but the
After about an hour or so of go on without much interruption, Sam starts to wind down. His hand gestures have dwindled down and there are actual pauses in his stories where he actually looks at Dean for some sort of response.
Holding out his hand, Dean gives Cas a small smile. “Let me see your phone really quick.”
They’ve hardly touched at all, and already Cas feels like he’s going to come just like he’s some teenager. Dean shifting and moving around below him isn’t making things any easier, and Cas is pretty sure it’s not an accident that Dean’s cock taps him in the chest every time he upstrokes.
Phasing back was excruciating and took two times going to his cell and coming out to become human again.
a slap on the wrist. Not even a scolding.”
If he wasn’t so tired he might laugh. As it is, it takes his mind and mouth a few minutes before they connect and words come out. “Mm, and you’re stuck with me alpha.”
“Shut up!” Stumbling backwards, Dean grabs his head and turns around. He can’t hear anymore. That wasn’t what happened! He left
Sam eyes him for a moment and then balls up his wrapper with the remainder of the food and tosses it in the bag. “First we need to figure out if we can even find him. Secondly, I think if we come up with something like giving him doses of holy water then –”
Dean glances over to him as Sam sighs. He knows what his brother is thinking. It’s what he’s been thinking since the moment everything clicked together at the diner. Dean looks back over at Cas and grits his teeth together. This is all his fucking fault.
“Looks like you two are just dandy. I’m going to check on room four-oh-four.” Meg doesn’t wait for a response, but leaves before Sam breaks the bone crushing hug.
Decision made, Castiel lets his eyes fall closed, focusing on his grace humming inside him. He pushes himself deeper inside it, rememorizing the way it sustains him-creates him. His grace swirls around his consciousness, caressing him with warmth. He has forgotten how complete he had been.
“Whether you remember it or not is irreverent,” he says sadly. “I was able to catch glimpses of your nightmares – your memories. I spoke to you in Enochian, calming your dreams and stayed with you until you could rest. But I do, Dean, know everything.” His lips twitch up into a grimace, but disappear quick enough that if Dean were to blink he would have missed it. “I only wish I had my grace to be able to…heal everything. You don’t deserve to keep reliving the same hell over and over again.”
“Yup,” he says proudly. “S’what’s yours?”
Sam sits down in his chair and looks up at Dean with his neutral face. “Can we just talk for a second?” He holds up his hands in a gesture of peace. “No posturing. No genderized bullshit. No doctor crap. Just brother to brother.”
Dean’s eyes flick from the witness stand that’s now empty back to his messy, dark haired therapist. He gives a small nod before looking around the room for Alastair, wondering where he went, when he’ll be back.
“You could’ve ended all these guys, but you didn’t. Was this some kind of test?” Dean snaps, irritated, tightening his grip on the demon blade.
Mid move Dean realizes his mistake. He can feel the blond more than he hears him coming at him from behind. He has no time to react, but when the beta’s arms wrap around him, trapping his arms at his sides, the urge to claw his own skin is almost unbearable. He thinks that he might actually try if the guy wasn’t holding his arms down.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t…you really don’t remember…”
Castiel pushes away the thought to why exactly his grace isn’t working properly to maintain his body temperature, and tries to catch up on what he’s seeing and hearing. The cries echoing throughout the darkness are so raw he tries hard to push away what is really happening. Deep inside his mind, he knows what is happening; hundreds of families trying to escape gangs, violence, and drug lords. The people are being picked off slowly through their journey to the boarder, and even when they get there, they will be lucky to find anything more welcoming than what they are experiencing now.
“I can’t hire someone when you’re here because it’s distracting or they refuse to work with an omega. You need to face facts that this is just a beta and alpha job now. Hell, the fact that you’ve lasted this long is mostly my own fault, but an impressive feat nowadays. Like I said, you being here was fine before when you didn’t smell, but that’s kinda changed now. We’ve lost good customers and money because of it. I gave it some time to see if this could work, but it just ain’t workin’. It doesn’t look good with you bein’ here, anymore. I can get more business if I got someone beta working here, plus I wont have to worry about him callin’ off for whatever reason due to their body, or whatever crap you got goin’ on.”
“I was thinking that tonight we could share the bed.”
“But lucky enough for you, I know a guy that can rid you of your little situation,” Benny says rubbing his thumb over the bite. For the first time caught in this situation Dean actually feels fear starting to bubble up. Benny has a friend that can break a mating bite? Sam can’t even do that to save a hospital unit full of omegas, but some random guy has figured it out? “It’ll cost me some off the price he quoted me, but I’m still gettin’ a pretty penny for someone like you. All that money you lost me? Yeah, you’re gunna pay for that.”
“Cas!” Sam snaps, struggling against holding the door closed. “You think you have enough strength in you to get ahold of Dean so I can –”
A snicker has Dean jumping away from the body he hasn’t realized was beside him. “Seems silly to waste all that energy driving across town when we can just handle it here.”
“Not exactly,” he replies, slowly. The hesitation in the angel’s voice has Dean’s ears perking up. Even if they weren’t attuned to each other after all this time, it would be hard to ignore how his voice pitches. “Zachariah has requested to speak with me.”
The effect of his name leaving Castiel’s lips has Dean instantly stilling in Sam’s arms. Dean still has his eyes completely locked onto Crowley, but his sudden silence is enough for Sam to slowly let his arms fall away. Castiel notices how closely Sam hovers next to him though, ready to restrain Dean at the drop of a hat.
Dean looks around the area slowly, taking in as much of their new surroundings as he can. They’re standing on some sort of gravel drive in the middle of some wooded area. In front of them there is a house with a light on in one of the rooms that is surrounded by a white fence. It all seems somewhat normal except for the feeling in his gut telling him that something is off.
“That bein’ said,” Bobby says slapping both hands on his desk and pushing himself back in his chair. “You’re on three days unpaid suspension starting now.”
As much as Dean wants to just stand here, nose buried in his mates neck, reality is starting to pinprick holes into his numbing fog. He manages to pull away just enough that he can see his alpha’s eyes. He lets out a cross between a sob and a laugh seeing nothing but blue.
Come find me on Facebook. Join our group, Destiel Port; Prompts, Fanfictions, Writings, and such.
The way Cas’ eyes widen slightly, those blue eyes searching his, gives Dean more than enough answer to if it worked.
“You exposed me and my home. Years of staying clear of the dramatics, and then you two come into my home and within a matter of minutes quickly destroy that.”
“Stop this!” Sam growls. “Dean, you need to stop!”
“Dude, what are you doing?” Sam jumps up towards him. “Your clothes are back in Lawrence. You can’t just-“
Alastair gives a slight shrug before waving a hand in the air. “More often than not. It was if the pressure of the chains or ropes helped Dean stay calm. Without them he seemed to be…” He tilts his head back and forth, right eye squeezed closed as his lips purse together. “Manic almost. Lost? Panicking, afraid of everything.”
The wind picks up blowing around them and skittering dry leaves across the parking lot. Sam glances at the car then back at Dean. “He’s asleep.”
“How very sweet of you,” the alpha deadpans before sighing again. Dean lets out a breath Cas didn’t catch how easily he called his apartment their ‘home’. “I need to get off and get back to filing this report.”
“Nah,” Dean says with a shrug. “You’re good with Sammy waiting on you hand and foot. Make me wonder what the hell you ever needed me for.”
“Excellent?” Castiel says trying to pull away.
“What the – I thought you said on your page said you were an average level!” Dean hissed absentmindedly reaching to grab the witch to pull him in the booth. Right before his fingers closed on his sleeve Dean jerked his hand back. Making a frustrated noise, Dean motions for Cas to sit, glancing around at the few people actually in the diner giving them odd looks.
“Cas, what are you talking about?” Dean pleads desperately. “I don’t know what I did or said or whatever – it’s all kind of blurry, but you gotta talk to me!”
Something must show on his face, because Castiel’s smile drops and he’s pushing himself into a seated position. Worry wrinkles his face as he tentatively reaches out a hand towards Dean. “Hey, are you still with me?”
Holding up the syringe he pushes the plunger just enough to make sure there’s no air or bubbles. Castiel walks back to the closed door, only then realizing the voices have stopped.
Sam sets his empty bowl down next to Deans and sits back in the chair as faint laughter from the low volume tv fill the silence.
“You are going to tell me exactly what is is that is going on with you. In all the time I’ve known you, you’ve never treated your brother like that.” He holds up a hand, cutting Dean off as he opens his mouth to speak. “I’m not stupid. I know you’ve been tracking shifters. Please spare me whatever excuse or story you have ready and stop insulting my intelligence. But I deserve an explanation to what type of good you think will come from this. What exactly do you plan to accomplish by taking on or taking out a whole species?”
“Fucking fix him! He’s dying, Crowley!”
“Demon,” Dean pants feeling a tickle of blood dripping down his face. He swipes his sleeve across his face, ignoring the urge to wince at the pain. “There’s one out there that got the jump on me. Probably more, knowing how they travel in packs. We need to get ready to fight.”
Stupid. He missed the endorphin high of teetering on the edge of pain and blissful nothingness.
Benny keeps giving him weird looks throughout the day, but isn’t asking any questions. Honestly, Dean can’t even blame the guy. He hasn’t given his friend much information, well, really any at all. Just simply said he was out of the hospital and would be in for work in the morning. Dean thinks he probably should have mentioned the mating bite, but truthfully it isn’t isn’t any of the guys business.
– when he feels himself start to drop down.
His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. They know this because the date was marked on his calendar. His heart stopped beating on a Saturday. They know this because his last call was made a few minutes before midnight to a Castiel. He was the only one on the recent call log for the past two weeks, but it went straight to voicemail. Later they found out the man had died three years prior.
. So wrong. Everything feels so fucking wrong he wants to scream, punch something or cry. Maybe all of them, pride be damned. As angry as he was, not three seconds ago, his nose does that annoying prickle thing it gets right before he starts to cry. His emotions keep bouncing around all over the place so much he can’t even fucking keep it straight.
Just below the bottom of his t-shirt sleeve his eyes catch the raised pink scaring of Castiel’s handprint. Dean slowly moves his hand towards it, pulling up his sleeve all the way till it exposes the whole brand. He traces a finger over the slightly faded raised scars of Castiel’s fingers, then slowly over the palm imprint. Castiel is the reason he’s alive and even after all the bullshit they’ve been through, he owes the guy everything.
Rolling his eyes, Dean shrugs again. “Do what you gotta do.”
“Where is your nearest supply closet?”
“Like I told you already, I already had my heat a few weeks ago. No fucking clue what this is.” He narrows his eyes back at the alpha. “How the hell do you know what I should or shouldn’t have? Last time I checked omega care wasn’t up there on the list of alpha strengths.”
Blinking himself back into the present, Castiel realizes he’s still staring at Dean, no longer searching his handsome face for any marks that weren’t there before he left. No, he’s doing that “weird staring thing” people call it. The only difference is Dean is staring right back at him.
~*~*~
Castiel sighs, breath fogging the window. They haven’t come across any monster or demons in the last few weak leads Dean had them following. Everything has ended up being a dead end. Maybe something could’ve been there on a few occasions, but it definitely wasn’t anymore.
“Let Sam go.” Castiel demands.
“I would need you to insert the needle into where my grace would be easiest to access and – ”
The ride is silent, but both alpha’s scents stay constantly balanced with radiating safety and warmth the whole ride to their home. Two police cars are already there when they pull up, giving them a half wave from their windows. It eases his mind a little to know they’re out there, but whispers of memories hearing how Alastair mentioned how he was “in with the cops” keeps him on edge.
“I know we can’t go right back into being where we were, but I think this time it’s going to be more real. More honest.”
Castiel looks away from the windshield and over to him. Dean’s breath catches when he sees tears streaks down his face before catching the hint of rain. How his alpha masks his emotions from his scent so well he’ll need to ask, but right now Dean can’t even stop his body from reacting if it wants to.
“Ah,” he says holding up a finger and poking his nose. “No more of those.”
It never worked.
,” Dean says, unable to keep the words from breaking as they past his tongue. “Why the hell am I seeing it? When did I start seeing it?!”
“I told you asking him was-“
“-uddup,” Dean mumbles, turning his head out of the pillow.
Closing his eyes, Dean tips his head forward, underneath the spray. The warmth of the water rushing down his skin feels like a hundred different sensations, all of them sending his nerve endings alive. He’s so lost in the feeling, Dean doesn’t notice Cas has even joined him until rough, calloused hands are sliding across the sides of his hips, dipping low and grabbing him cock.
The sound of footsteps running away fades, and Dean manages to opens his eyes enough to see Sam’s silhouette in front of the too bright ceiling lights. Is he on the floor? How did he get on the floor? He groans and tries to sit up, only to be gently pushed down again by Sam.
Dean laughs; a bright, brillant, body shaking thing. The sound itself carries and Castiel smiles, readjusting to where his head is pillowed onto Dean’s arm. “Oh yeah? Just with me for the sex, eh? I knew it.”
“It’s big,” Sam says with a huge smile. “A major breakthrough that might be able to save a lot of lives and help a lot of people. There’s still so much from this virus that hasn’t really been discovered. Think of how much more doctors can do to help people.”
“You’re right. You saved yours. Over and over again, you saved your brother. Why is that?” Cain tilts his head to the side again. Dean cannot help feeling an almost overwhelming amount of longing seeing it. It almost punches the air from his chest, but he manages a shaky sigh, reminding himself to keep it together for who he’s fighting for.
“Sir,” the receptionist says. “Bobby said to have you go up. He’ll meet you in his office.”
“I’ll be fine,” Cas says turning back to face Dean. “He would never…” He lets unfinished sentence linger in the air, unable to finish it. He doesn’t miss the way Dean’s lips twist into a painful smile and he forces a laugh out.
“You just need to talk to him. The worst thing you can do right now is keep running out of here. Think for a second how he might take that if his best friend can’t stand to be in the same room as him for longer than ten minutes!” Sam walks back up to Dean and places a hand on his shoulder. “He knows it wasn’t you. Dean, Cas knows you would never hurt. But you just have to stay here and figure out a way to make this right.”
“Heard you’re the one that can’t die,” the man says, his dark eyes meeting Dean’s without any fear. “My daddy use to tell me stories about you. Said you were the one who sent the Devil back to hell.”
, hell a “hi” would be better than just staring. But being here, in front of him after all this time, especially without –
Shivering, Dean shifts on the thin, dirty mattress, wrapping his arms tighter around his knees before letting his thoughts drift back to a time when he wasn’t
“Thank you so much for helping me. People usually don’t take the time to help someone like me,” she says smiling shyly, tilting her head to the side.
~*~*~*~*
“You’re not so human anymore, I see.” He taps the Blade on his chin thoughtfully. “Guess Crowley came crawling back to you, offering up your grace, huh? I’m honored, really.”
Still, it’s awkward.
“I can’t have fucking kids.”
“You think it’ll be that easy, eh?” Crowley raises his voice. “We will need all the help we can get to destroy her.”
“You should answer that,” Sam says. “It’s probably Cas.”
he was sick! Sick enough that he had to practically carry him into their room. Why the fuck didn’t he just stay?
He clenches his jaw, looking away from the younger brother. Everything he had ever learned about the Mark and the First Blade was vague. Facts about what had happened, of course, there was no denying the actual events that happened. But then there were rumors about Cain he tried to dismiss. It was all purely speculation, stories, and guessing games. Anything deeper than actual body counts from Cain and his Knights was simply something Castiel avoided. Cain had stopped though. Why had Cain stopped? If The Father of Murder could disappear and ignore the urge for killing, surly Dean could as well?
“You’re such a fricken idiot,” he mumbles in between blowing his nose and tossing the tissue in the trash. “You reek, by the way. Thanks for stinking up my office.”
“We were too unprepared. I don’t know why – we should’ve been prepared for something like this. I’ve been too busy working with the doctors with the bite patients…We’ve just never had something like this and without even knowing he was pregnant we had no time to prepare!” He sighs and leans his head back against the back of the couch. “I couldn’t save him.”
“So you got him arrested?”
All Dean can manage is a watery laugh, nodding his head a few times as if that can possibly translate into how – happy, relieved, thankful, blessed – he’s feeling. Castiel brushes his thumb over his cheek, swiping away the last of the few tears, before stepping back.
Beside him somewhere Dean hears his phone ding, but his eyes start drooping closed. It’s probably only Sam anyway, giving him some sort of bad news. He still feels restless and the tingle of arsoual simmering underneath his skin, but he’s finally sated enough to let his heavy eyelids slip closed. The last thing he remembers hearing before he falls into unconsciousness is his phone ringing again.
Ol ooaona vaoresa elasa - I (will) watch over you
He knows that Benny, being an alpha, has the upper hand. That’s just facts. That’s just biology. What he may not be able to overpower him in strength, he can beat him out with his stubbornness and will to be free. And if he’s really being honest with himself, what does he have left to lose?
Sam raises an eyebrow, trying and failing not to look smug. Stupid jerk. “Sure.”
Breaking his glare just long enough to push himself to his feet, Dean blinks rapidly trying to clear the black stars away that threaten to take over his vision. Castiel must have moved closer, because suddenly he’s there, arms braced against the wall on either side of him, face just a breath away from his.
“Mm, tempting,” Benny hums. Dean feels his rough fingers card through his hair and tries to dip his head away. It feels so
He reaches over Charlie’s shoulder for the bottle, untwisting the lid in one fluid motion. Bringing the bottle to his lips, he swallows down the rest of the liquid in a handful of big swallows, ignoring the burn. Slamming down the empty bottle on the counter, Dean looks Charlie right in the eye. “Guess I’m not coming in today.”
Dean shifts uncomfortably trying to play it off like he’s adjusting his clothes. “The Blade here?”
Nodding his head, Dean looks down to where Cas’ shirt is wrung tightly around both his hands. His phone starts going off again as he blinks back tears.
The excruciating pain flares inside him as Castiel gasps, trying to hold himself back from arching his back. He digs his nails into the wooden chair, barely realizing the poorly made arms have splintered and broken off into his hands. Castiel hears a deep jumble of voices somewhere above him, and then the most agonizing pain he’s ever felt in all his millennia flares up in every atom of his make up. Unable to hold back the scream any longer, he opens his mouth and lets it out, hoping in vain that might relieve some of the pain.
“Think of it like finding a needle in a haystack. Or a four-leaf clover in a field of three-leafed ones. Almost impossible odds, right?”
“I didn’t know it could be like that,” he mumbled probably too low for any normal human to hear.
“I can’t get him outta this one,” Bobby says in a huff, folding his arms over his chest. “Boy messed up big this time. My hands are tied.”
Castiel feels the hairs on the back of his neck rise and knows it’s not from the cold. Something doesn’t feel right. Sam stands at the edge of the sidewalk glaring at the Impala parked in the middle of the parking lot, still running. They both know Dean would’ve parked closer. He would’ve gotten out of the car by now as well.
“You fucking piece of shit! You can’t –”
More is understood about how humans define themselves now. Doctors and scientists have had enough time to figure out that this isn’t going away. Names to what different designations do have, apparently, been chosen and settled. It’s enough to make Dean laugh because as humorous as it is to say “knothead” (a slur for a jackass alpha), it actually feels right on his tongue. Apparently everyone with a PhD has decided that what’s infected them is closely related enough to the canine species that everyone should just adjust and deal with it.
Dean sits there, glaring up at him, while Castiel stands there glaring down at him. Truthfully, Dean doesn’t know what he wants to do more; cry, scream or laugh. Maybe all three. Maybe all at once. Out of the hundred scenarios he had whirling around in his mind of what might’ve happened to Cas, this was definitely not one of them.
“I know what asymptomatic means.”
Dean laughs, eyes blinking and blackness fading away. “How’s it feel to always fuck everything up wherever you go? I bet a real angel wouldn’t lose their blade so easily in a fight.” He tilts his head at him, stilling the movements of the blade. “Is that some angelic talent you have? Always letting people down? Letting those you say you care about
He shakes his head, biting his lower lip to try and stop it from trembling. She doesn’t understand. If that was even close to the case, he wouldn’t be…
“That was-“
So he gave in and downloaded the stupid app.
“But you’ve got your grace. You’re one of heavens holiest or whatever,” Sam says waving a hand to the sky. “I still got the words somewhere in the house.”
The last thing Dean remembers is the mark on his arm burning. As he opens his eyes his world goes black.
His body responds by leaking more slick from his hole as he arches off the bed into his hand, pumping fast. His shortened breaths come out saying the alpha’s name as his toes curl, the heat building inside him, but it isn’t enough. Dean adds more pressure, he’s right on the edge and just needs a little more of…of…
Castiel’s eyes never leave him as he slowly closes the door and locks it. In six confident, steady strides he is across the room and he and his scent surround Dean and his personal space. Their bodies seem to almost mold into each other as Castiel presses his body closer into his. Without any pausing or hesitation, Castiel presses his lips into his, licking his way into his mouth.
“Sammy, get Crowley back here, now. He and I need to finish our little chat.”
“You can’t possibly mean that,” he says stepping forward. “After everything we’ve been through – after everything Sam’s done for you – you’re just going to give up? Just like that?”
“Our bond, or you feeling what I’m feeling, that’s not normal, Cas. Some random alpha doesn’t just bite an omega and feel everything they’re feeling. If that was the case the rejection ward wouldn’t be full all the time. Sam wouldn’t have been working his ass off twenty-four seven.”
“Breathe with me.” Suddenly Cas is right there, cupping his face in those soft, big hands. Dean’s body jerks at the touch, expecting some sort of hit to follow, but Cas’ touch doesn’t falter. His scent warms, bleeding out nothing but safety and warmth. Dean wants to sink into it, but he remembers the last time he let his guard down. The last time he thought he was safe. He remembers —
“Oh fuuuckk,” Dean moans, letting his legs fall open wider. “That feels so – so – so – ah, ah – yes!”
Must be a slow day for the bad guys. No one seemed to have sent Dean memo about taking it easy and fucking off by annoying other coworkers. Maybe his email was automatically sent to the junk folder.
(See the end of the chapter for
A hand lands over his left shoulder, squeezing just tightly enough it stops Dean dead in his tracks, mind completely falling into a panicked static.
Castiel’s head snaps up, eyes going wide. He tries to jump back, but only manages to push against Sam’s chest not gaining any ground.
“Oh, come off it Castiel,” Crowley says rolling his eyes and leans forward. “What did you think was going to happen? You pop in and expect him to see you juiced up and come running into your open arms? I thought you were smarted than that.”
Dean’s never considered himself a violent human. He’s prided himself on being in control of his emotions well enough to deal with the worst of the worst types of human filth. Growing up with an drunk, abusive father really puts things into perspective enough to know how and when to act like a decent human being.
One night, when the moon aligns just right, Dean and Sam happen to be home at the same time. Dean has seen his brother in passing over the course of the past month, but he really hasn’t had the chance to really look at him. He looks like shit.
It’s not like the tears have ever really shut off since Castiel told him to fuck off. Not really. They just kind of do their own thing now. Not like it matters, anyway. He’s usually too drunk to care. Or at least, tries to be.
“No one’s…” he says breathless, coughing so hard he loses his balance on his knees and starts falling to the slide. Dean catches him and carefully lays him on the ground. Dean glances down at their hands pressing into his wound and grimaces at how dark with red they are. “…coming. Not…not anymore.”
His faerie groans, his head raising slowly as Dean’s vision shifts back to him. His name almost leaves Dean’s lips, but he catches himself at the last moment.
“You can’t be serious!” Crowley yells, yanking his hand away. “Injecting holy water doesn’t even faze him and you want to keep him around in a wooden box just to piss off more? A wooden box that will – I’ll remind you –
“What did I tell you about making this harder!?” He yells.
Castiel grips his hair tightly in his fists and pulls.
“Leave!” He snaps, using just as much of his alpha voice again.
Shaking his head, Dean rubs his exposed wrist with his hand. A nervous habit he knows he’s developed over this past year. “I didn’t deserve you being so understanding then, and I don’t deserve you being my friend still. I… I’ve been using you too, I guess, in a way. The random times we get together is me being selfish spending time with the only person I love. Christ, I sound like some chick. I’m sorry. I’m just going to go. I mean, I should anyway. Lisa is probably – ”
Taking in another deep, lungful of air, he’s hit with the scent of mate. The scent of pine, cedar and wet earth fills his senses making his head feel light. The comfort of the scent settles something inside him so profoundly that Dean swears this is what heaven must be.
“You don’t get it! It put me in fucking heat!”
“Yeah,” his brother says. “He’s here.”
Wait, what? “It…I…” Castiel mouth has gone dry and his throat begins to burn. Maybe he didn’t hear Crowley right. Beside him Dean mumbles in his sleep again, something a little bit more clearer, but Castiel can’t focus enough to understand it. He’s mind is racing with everything Crowley just dumped on him. There’s no way to steal his grace, though. “Steal the grace of an angel is impossible unless cut out probably.”
Castiel squeezes his wrist slightly, giving him a gentle smile as tears spill from his eyes. “It’s not your fault Dean.”
A firm hand grips his shoulder and he looks up to see Sam kneeling in front of him, trying to speak to him. Castiel squints at Sam and brings a shaky hand up to point to his ears. Sam’s face hardens into determination as he nods and mouths, “are you okay?”
The loneliness didn’t get to him at first. Then it was only sometimes at night. Then that turned into being lonely when he wasn’t at work or anywhere else people might be. Then it got bad and he felt it even when he was at work and around people.
“You ever done this before?” Cas whispers into his ear, pumping him faster. “Ever been fucked right after a kill?”
Dean sighs and picks up his own menu so he has something to look at that isn’t whatever stupid face his brother is giving him. “What about him, Sammy?”
It’s harder than it should be, but Dean pulls himself off of Cas’, now, damp shoulder. Looking up at Castiel, Dean doesn’t try and hide the tears falling from his eyes. He’s never been embarrassed with who is he, or what he does with Cas. And now, more than ever, Castiel deserves to see with no walls, exactly how and what he’s feeling.
Sam glares at him, face set in some emotion Castiel has no real care to figure out. “You couldn’t care if we get Dean back. You started hating his very existence the moment you let some shifter lookalike rape you.”
“What the hell, Dean! Are you okay?” Sam’s voice has that stressed pitch to it that makes Dean flinch.
Dean nods and sticks his hands in his pockets trying to keep them from fidgeting. “Ah, okay.”
Dean wants to believe him. Hell, he thinks that the omega in him already does by all the whining it’s doing inside him. Dean rubs the middle of his chest, chewing on the bottom of his lip letting himself wonder about an alpha taking care of him.
“Where are my keys?” Dean snaps pushing past his brother as he grabs his jacket laying on the ground and throws it on.
“Containing and ridding Dean of the Mark are two different things,” Castiel says trying to ignore the way his mouth is water at the smell of the greasy food. “Where we know a devil’s trap will work at holding a Knight, we still have no way of knowing how to cure one.”
Finally, he grips his phone and pulls it out. He hits Sam’s number and pushes back up to his feet, swaying and trying to catch himself. Stumbling backwards his lower back slams into the side of the kitchen counter.
Maybe it’s childish, but Dean somehow knows that if he opens his eyes right now reality will set in. The real world, the one on the other side of his eyelids, is a place that he knows he doesn’t want to go back to. At least not yet, anyway. How long has it been since he’s been allowed to just have a moment where he doesn’t have to worry about anything? Why is it so important that he wake up now? Hasn’t he done enough? Didn’t the voice – no, not the voice. The other person gave him a name. His name was –
Sam nods as he grabs the doorknob, taking in a deep breath then letting it out slowly before swinging the door open. Castiel hears him gasp before he is able to fully look inside the room
Dean’s smile curves into something darker, more menacing than he could ever think possibly to see cross over Dean’s lips. “Enjoying he show?” He asks, kicking away his jeans.
“He doesn’t even hold any emotion towards you or I!” Castiel points at Sam. “You weren’t there, Sam. You have no idea the amount of power he has! If he hadn’t wanted to toy with me first, I would be dead and there wouldn’t be anything anyone could have done about it. No one in that room was stronger than him.” He looks away from Sam, feeling something tight building inside his chest. “That is how far gone he truly is.” He shakes his head, running a hand through his hair. “I am not giving up on saving Dean. But I will not go about it with some half assed idea that is going to get you hurt, or more than likely, killed. No matter how badly you want your brother back, you have to go about this logically.”
Unable to find his voice, Dean swallows thickly. He knows this has been the end game since Sam started talking to him. Even with everything that just happened, knowing how his body responds to Cas, getting to know him on a personal level, Dean still can’t bring himself to verbally agree. He knows it needs to happen – hell, at this point it
“So what now?” Sam asks behind him.
“Alpha,” Dean moans as he grabs onto his cock and slowly starts jerking himself. “Need you. Want you. Can’t stop thinking about you. You gunna come fill me up? You gunna mark me as yours?”
“I know what a restraining order is,” Dean says rolling his eyes. “You said he got out on bail, though, right?”
The demon looks over at Sam slowly, and Castiel catches the quick flash of red before they return to normal. “Didn’t seem relevant.”
A shiver runs through Cas trying not to think about what things were said that made Dean come unglued and cause Charlie to break. Though it sounds like Gordon got what he deserved (at least according to Charlie), it sounds like the way Dean left him was, to say the least, rough.
“I’m not planning on healing Dean.” He turns to Sam and holds out the syringe. “I need one of these, but with a longer needle and glass, not plastic.”
“Oi! Are you two idiots going to stand here all night fighting back and forth about this?” Sam sticks his hands in his suit jacket and eyes them both. “Sam, clearly Castiel is not going to change his mind. As much as I would love to sit here and pour out our feelings on the matter, we don’t have the luxury of time on our sides. Just get me the damn blood and I’ll take it to the fucking Pope himself to be blessed if I have to!”
Sam’s face scrunches up like he got a whiff of something unpleasant. What the hell is his brothers problem, anyway? He literally has no patience left to deal with either of them. The only reason he’s here and not back home halfway comatose with a bottle of whiskey in his hand is because of the law. So why doesn’t the law hurry this whole thing up? Sam seems more obsessed with Cas than he worried about him, which is a first, but it’s fine. He’s just too fucking tired to deal with…whatever the hell any of this is.
“Breaking the bond,” he chokes out. “You said you had to call your brother. You can break the bond.”
Dean doesn’t break his eyesight away from him as Castiel watches him bend down and grab his angel blade, instead of his Blade. Castiel stands straighter, hand held out in front of him like he’s trying to calm a wild animal. He glances briefly around for anyone-anything- that he might be able to use.
Castiel thinks she’s going for casual, but he can tell what she’s leading up to. With a sigh, he scoots himself up on the couch and places his half empty can of root beer on the coffee table.
Blinking at him owlishly, Castiel pauses his clean up. “What? No! I – ”
, making him hiss, hips rutting forward.
Cain’s lips twitch slightly, as if he is finding something humorous about the whole situation. “In all my centuries of silence, don’t you think the thought ridding this Mark from my body might have crossed my mind?
“He’s…Cas is the alpha. He’s a guy,” he says.
His grace builds underneath his skin and Castiel grasps at it, holding onto it tightly. Gritting his teeth Castiel pushes against Dean’s hands that are holding down his wrists and breaks free. In one quick, smooth movement he grabs onto to Dean’s and tosses him across the room and into the dresser. Knowing this will probably be his only opening, he rips the covers off him and jumps out of bed managing to take only a few steps before he’s hit by a wave of dizziness.
Sam tilts his head, not saying anything. He doesn’t look like he’s going to throw him into a fire or yell at him. He just looks sad. Maybe a little tired. How long has it been since Dean has seen him not tired?
Dean chokes out a watery laugh before shaking his head, pushing himself off the couch. Castiel isn’t sure what reaction he was hoping to get, but Dean literally slipping out of his fingers wasn’t one of them. Tilting his head up at Dean, he watches as the man holds out his hand for him, a gentle smile spread slightly over his kiss swollen lips.
A bead of sweat trickles down his back and he glances in the review mirror again, trying to prevent himself from squirming. Dean hates it. He hates that he’s lying (again) to Cas. A part of him knows that maybe Castiel already knows what happen, and by lying he’s only digging his hole deeper. But in for a penny, in for a pound, Dean has made his bed and now he just has to deal with the weight of Castiel’s gaze on boring into him as if he’s trying to read his mind, even though Dean knows that’s a line the angel wont cross.
Dean watches as Castiel face wrinkles in confusion. “Wait, what?”
Snapping his fingers, Dean says in mock surprise. “That’s right. I did
“If you do anything else to —”
A car door slams beside Dean making him jump up. Blinking out his window he watches as some guy walks away from his car and towards their apartment building. Dean stares after him, halfway listening to Castiel’s voice ramble on over the phone as last few minutes of their conversation finally starts to set in.
“You have no real plan.” Castiel states flatly.
“Would you listen to yourself? Do you even hear how —”
Mercifully, the doors open right away. Castiel enters the small confined space and pressed the number three as his phone beeps in his ear. He pulls it away just as the doors close to see that the call is lost due to no service. Damnit! He should have known there isn’t any service in the elevator. Hell, half the damn precinct always dropped his and Dean’s calls. It was why they had to rely on text messages and just hoping the message would send eventually throughout the day.
“Are you fucking kidding me?!” Sam snaps, stepping forward and tipping Dean’s chin up. “Tell me what the hell happened now!”
When everything slowly begins to come back into focus, he is laying on his side staring at fading, glowing embers. His ears are still ringing, but underneath the ring he can make out muffled voices. Voices he hasn’t heard in so long, he had almost forgotten they existed. He lays there on the damp ground, tears still trickling out without permission, but he is too numb to care. Castiel stares at the fading orange embers slowly dying out, leaving only ash behind. He has no idea how much time has passed, only that his arms are growing stiff from clutching himself tightly.
“It’s all I could find,” he says clear his throat and ripping open the package and holding it out for him. “Do you have anything else?”
Cain locks eyes with him again, face staying uncomfortably void of all emotion. He takes a few steps closer to him, walking mindfully of the buried bodies between them. “With Abaddon’s army gunning for me I was forced to take up arms again.” He shrugs slightly. “I liked how it felt.”
Slowly, as if he’s in a dream, Dean rises to his feet. He glances to the guy sitting on the edge of the bench like he might be able to say something to make this real. Instead, the guy just continues to stare at him, just like he’s been doing the whole time. Dean wonders if maybe the conversation that they had was real at all.
“So the guy felt guilty about potentially killing an accidental fuck!” Dean waves in the air. “Guy’s a cop! Of course he’s going to have some sense of morality.”
He pushes himself up and manages to stand for all of about five seconds before he feels like everything starts spinning, his legs refuse to hold his weight and black stars black out his vision. Steady warm arms catch him before his body hits the ground, and he feels himself being laid back down on the bed as his vision slowly comes back. He swats weakly at Castiel’s hand on his forehead earning a huff from the alpha.
“Fuck if I know anymore.”
After Dean tells Sam he’ll explain everything at the hospital and gets off the phone, everything happens quickly. Thinking about knowing what might save all those omegas Sam spends countless hours trying to do without success makes Dean feel slightly better. Even if the “how” to get there was kind of shitty, it doesn’t really matter if it helps save thousands – hell, it could change the world!
Like going a zero to a hundred, Dean can practically feel his blood start to boil with the word “victim” being used to describe him.  He stumbles backwards, uncaring where his feet are actually taking him.
Dean glances down at the stale looking fruit bar feeling his stomach twist unpleasantly inside him. “I guess, um, not normal. But, ya know, it’s fine.”
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean growls, cutting off Sam. Castiel feels the car increase its acceleration, pushing him back against the seat.
A part of Dean wants to press for any more information on him that Castiel will be willing to give. Honestly, Castiel seems pretty open and willing to be giving it up now, but probably not as eager as Dean is to listen. Another bigger yawn has Dean blinking back open his droopy eyes, hating himself for not being able to seize this moment for answers.
An hour and a half of going through the motions of taking a shower and switching the out his laundry, Dean finds himself stiffly sitting in one of the clinics rooms, staring at the examination table covered in that crinkly white paper. The nurse that had taken his vitals said it might be a little bit before Sam could see him, which Dean just acknowledged with a nod. He had now been waiting twenty minutes, mind completely blank of how to explain to his brother what happened.
Sam’s laughter is infectious and Dean finds himself chuckling, not minding the slight burn in his throat. “How do you feel?” His brother stands up and walks over to the machine looking over numbers that mean absolutely nothing to Dean’s ged ass.
So of course, Dean did. (Dragging his feet and complaining the whole time for appearances, naturally.)
Either outcome is disastrous, but Castiel cannot see himself ever living in a world where Dean does not exist.
This is another heat. Usually he has longer in-between spikes of needing to get off, and with the amount of fucking slick leaking from his ass if he doesn’t get some serious hydration going on he’s going to be back in the hospital. Sighing, Dean turns on the sink and cups his hands drinking a few mouthfuls before stepping into the spray.
Castiel huffs in frustration, running a hand through his hair as he shakes his head, looking away. “Always so unnecessarily stubborn.”
Sam gives a tight nod, looking away from him and back at the door. “And because of the Mark you can’t just heal the grace inside him.”
“Kinda nice,” Dean mumbles into his cup as he sips his water.
Confused, Dean walks over to the mirror in the hallway right by the front door. He stops in front of it, turning his head to the side. His eyes grow wide as he sees a hickey on the side of his neck. Not just any type of hickey, but a deep red and purple one. One that means the person was sucking on it hard and for awhile.
“Move back,” Castiel says thickly, leaning over to just enough to give Dean a quick kiss. The man complies immediately, scooting himself back until his head knocks into the headboard. They both chuckle as Castiel starts crawling over the bed after him. He reaches over to his bedside table on the left and grabs the bottle of lube sitting there beside his lamp. Tossing it beside Dean on the mattress, he gives him what he hopes is a cheeky smile before shifting back on top of him.
“I think he was your alpha, right?” The guys says, voice dipping into a tone that’s just a little too soft, bordering on condescending. “It would put your alpha’s mind at ease if you just let me check and see how you’re doing, alright?”
His hand shakes, making the dim light of phone spotty. “Damnit,” Dean hisses through his gritted teeth as his screen goes black.
One year, three months and twenty-one days is the day everything falls apart.
Cain dips his head trying to catch his gaze. “He’s not well.”
“Ain’t nothin’ fine ‘bout it, but if that’s what you’re sayin’ to get you through life nowadays I’ll pretend,” he says with a shrug.
“Inside. Benny hit back. Right in the stomach. I bent over to catch my breath and – ” He chokes on his words, feeling himself starting to slump over.
It took him decades of trying to pretend and making up excuses for why Castiel wasn’t coming back to him until he broke. It was as if his soul wasn’t able to take anymore and just snapped. If Dean cared enough to think about it he can remember the day all the pain and emptiness eat him alive, swallowing him whole. It hurt. It hurt worse than anything he thinks he’s ever felt, that includes his time in hell on the rack. All that pain kept building and and building up until it spread through him and into his veins, fueling an anger so dark and heartless Dean wonders why he didn’t give into this sooner.
“Dean had a tablet in his office. An IPad, to be more specific.”
Castiel leans forward giving him a chaste kiss, before laying his forehead against his. “I’ve never been so terrified in all my life.”
Daring to look away from the closer approaching needle, he scans the crowd, trying to find Castiel, but there’s too many people in the way blocking his sight. The blond beta’s tight hold flexes slightly, and Dean knows what’s going to happen next. Dean hates that he knows the only way to try and stop it from happening is to somehow convince the person who holds any sort of weight over him to decide it. He glares back at the curly headed beta before tipping his head back.
“Hey, hey,” Dean cuts in, trying to ignore how fast his heart is beating in his chest. Huh, the alpha actually sounds worried about him. Maybe Sam wasn’t full of crap.
“I am not killing him.” Castiel tightens his hand into a fist as his grace tingles over his skin in response to his sudden anger. “Neither are any of you!”
“And you think it has something to do with you?”
“Tell me what you’re hiding!”
Sam runs a hand through this hair as Castiel turns to him, crowding his personal space. “Do you have any
Castiel’s words catch in his throat as it hits him what needs to happen. How has he been so oblivious to what needs to happen until now? He’s only half paying attention to the concerned look Sam is giving him before he turns to the table looking over the syringes.
Chaos breaks out as Dean sluggishly struggles against his binds. It feels like his body is made out of lead, but there’s a small spark inside him trying to respond to his witch calling for him. He can’t make out anything more than a few grunts, flesh hitting flesh and then screaming. Dean can’t manage to rock his head back to the side to even look at Castiel, instead left look down at where his IV lays imbedded into his vein.
His eyes glance at Castiel in his review mirror and lets out another shaky breath. Dean tries to keep his eyes focused on the road, but they keep straying to the angel laying unconscious in his backseat. Without even thinking much about a destination he passes an exit that says they’re headed somewhere south. For once in his life Dean has no idea what to do or where to go. Together the three of them speed down the empty highway, heading south, letting the silence fill the car.
“We just set up our testing tent two days ago, and we’re already running out of protective gear for everyone.”
“Would you just let me fucking talk!?”
Dean can’t stop fucking staring. Maybe it’s a mixture of not having seen his best fucking friend for a few weeks (pixelated, blurred out Zoom calls don’t count, thank you very much), working a messed up case while Cas was gone or getting closer to the age where one night stands just aren’t cutting it anymore.
Dean barely makes it to the restrooms before a wave of vertigo hits him. Shouldering open the door, Dean stumbles in and half runs into, half tries to grab onto the smooth looking marble wall before sliding down it. At least the place is nice enough that on the ground it doesn’t smell like piss or something worse.
In a matter of a second the burning spreads over his whole body. Screaming, Dean tries to let go of the mans hand, hating himself for trusting so easily. Any coherent thought is lost, just the overwhelming feel of pain over every inch of his body.
I finished up that little thing I did that was suppose to be a prompt, but, ya know, took off into a story with chapters. Oopsie, heh.
Opening the door Sam steps out without giving him a second glance. “Getting some damn beer.”
The judge and Sam start yelling something Dean can’t quite hear as the courtroom erupts back into chaos again. Dean’s whole body seems to have shut down, freezing and unwilling to move despite the fact he’s pretty sure he’s going to throw up. A cold sweat has broken out over his whole body and he can feel his hands shaking as he tries to push away from the table to run to run to a garbage can.
Dean groans, looking heavenward. How is this even his life? Is his brother really not going to let this go? “Really Sammy?”
“Pull your shirt up,” he says clicking and moving things on the computer with one hand.
Cas rushes forward as Dean hisses, his hold on Sam loosening. He grabs Sam’s arm just Dean grabs the empty syringe from his leg with one arm, throwing it to the ground. This close, Castiel can see the sheen of sweat over Dean’s forehead, almost taken aback by how much more human Dean really seems already.
No matter how Dean tries to justify or spin it in his head, Dean can’t shake the feeling that Castiel already knows the truth.
“Now that you took off all that time to go and get yourself mated, it’s only a matter of time before you start poppin’ out pups. If your alpha didn’t already breed you up, anyway.” Benny actually gives him a disgusted look before rolling his eyes. “All you ‘mega types are good for. Maybe it’s time you learned your place and acted your type. I got a business that needs ta get run properly, and you’ve shown that I can’t rely on you to here.”
They say his heart stopped beating on a Saturday, but if you ask anyone who knew him they’ll tell you he died when his other half left him.
Castiel glares back at him, fighting his fingers into a fist. “Only a complete fool would trust you.”
“Whoa there! It’s, uh, no big deal,” he says grabbing her shoulders and pushing her back a little.
“Stop!” Dean shouts, pointing to his neck, “It was Benny! He did this, okay? Not Cas!”
“It can be transferred only if another person is worthy,” Cain repeats, stepping closer to him again.
Castiel looks away from Sam and settles himself back down onto the couch again. The uneasiness prickles at his skin in an almost mocking way as if to remind him there is absolutely nothing he can do about anything. Dean made this potential deal to get his powers back, but at what cost? Essentially, his life – his humanity. The one thing that Castiel has sworn to protect and preserve since he fell all those years ago.
Castiel stands in front of his desk and waits. They both just look at each other, staring, almost like they’re both waiting for each other to break the silence first. Castiel has so many questions he honestly doesn’t even know where to begin.
His face feels twice as big as it should be, and the only taste in his mouth is blood. His grace is spreading even more slowly over the damage, and he lets out another yell in frustration. Castiel wonders if maybe he should just stop it. If he is being honest with himself, he doesn’t deserve to be healed after everything he’s caused.
“We’re wasting time,” Castiel says.
Castiel doesn’t realize he is moving, until his knees hit the stand where the bulky TV sits. He glances from Sam to the motel door, his vision fading in and out. The young Winchester is now standing, hands raised in front of him. His eyes wander to the now empty cup that is rolling back and forth on its side, water spilling off the table in a stream.
“I have no idea how the hell everything has become so screwed up, but with you three it’s always something,” he says shaking his head. “I send out the demons, tell the demons to distract the brothers so Castiel can make the kill. Every time the angel kills a demon the spell I casted on the idiot sucks away a bit of your grace and has it come straight into our container, see? I’d dumb down the working parts of it, but I have neither time nor patience. Regardless, it was all for the greater good you know. Getting that bitch out of my hell.”
Have I mentioned lately how amazing you guys are?! Because, seriously, loves, the feedback I'm getting is amazing. The love is amazing. Your guys comments and kudos keep me going. Thank you for having patience with me. As I've said before, this story is something I cannot just leaving hanging. It'll get there. We have our highs and our lows.
“No one will miss you,” Castiel says, voice dipping dangerously lower. “It would be so easy to just snap your neck right now… I’d be doing the world a favor, ridding it of your kind.”
“You were screaming…” He flinches like the words are physically painful, and maybe they are. Maybe his stupid subconscious actions were enough to traumatize Castiel further. “…for quite sometime before Sam was able to wake you up.”
“That’s not – ”
Sighing heavily and leaning away from Dean he shifts his body to stand in front of him. Castiel gives him a small twitch of a smile. “I know.”
. He smirks slowly, preening at how intently the alpha’s eyes are on him and knows in that moment who holds the real power.
Castiel is well aware that Sam is still talking, but the painful feeling of the Mark digging at his grace drowns out his words. Hissing, Castiel stumbles towards table, hands gripping the edges tightly. It feels as if claws have torn their way through his chest and are tearing away at his insides, digging deeper, deeper, searching for something.
“What are you –”
Castiel turns to look at Sam, narrowing his eyes at the tall man. “You think your brother can be saved.”
Gasping for air, Dean’s eyes shoot open as waves of pain hit him. All he wants to do is scream, but those two blue eyes he would know anywhere are staring down at him so full of concern and worry that he refuses to be the one to make those lines worse.
Dean almost laughs, tempted to make some sort of comment on how Sam wanted this for him so he has to deal with all scents that come with it. He opens his mouth, about ready to say something when all the annoyance drops from his face and a look of shock takes its place.
“It’s barely been twenty-four hours, so I knew things were going to be rough. Like I told you in the ER, your levels were all over the place. Depending on how they are when I check you again I might have to give you something to regulate your hormones.” Dean watches as his brother leans forward in the chair, his long hair falling into his worried eyes. “Can I ask about the bond breaking?” Sam asks tentatively. “We don’t have to get into it if it’s too much.”
Castiel lets out a cross between a broken sob and a laugh before wrapping his arms around Dean, pulling him in closer. Dean doesn’t hesitate before burying his nose in the crook of Castiel’s neck, breathing in the scent of happy mate radiating off of him.
“I – I mean, not me, but – I…” He drops the knife as he stumbles backwards into the hood of his car.
“That’s the Father of Murder,” Crowley says in a low, gruff whisper trying to tug Dean backwards with him. “Cain.”
It could be minutes or hours, maybe days. The gray and white flashes are steadily slowing and gathering shape and proper color, once again. Castiel feels a subtle pull through his grace, nudging him forward, though to where he isn’t certain. It appears to be a rundown bar of some sort, though he doesn’t recognize the building as any he’s ever seen before. People are moving around inside, voices muted and unimportant.
He can hear Charlie following behind him as he walks back into the kitchen and starts picking up the empty pizza box. “Listen, I know you might not want to hear it, but I think it might not’ve been exactly Dean’s fault.”
“Has your grace returning made you bloody insane?” Crowley spits, glaring at him. “Ask the Father of Murder for advice on how to cure the Knight of Hell he deemed worthy to wear the Mark?”
Castiel’s head lolls a little before he slowly looks up at him through his dark lashes. Dean swears his heart skips at how close they are, eyes locking with each other again. Out of the corner of his eye he sees a trickle of sweat roll down the side of Castiel’s face and just like that, it’s like someone just dumped a bucket of cold water over him. Dean silently curses himself for getting carried away again and clears his throat before placing his hand gently on the small of Castiel’s back, guiding him inside towards the unoccupied bed furthest from the door.
“It’s the only chance we got!” Sam snaps slamming the jugs down on the table.
There’s a rustling over the phone before Castiel’s voice becomes muffled. Another voice response back before there’s more rustling on the line. Wherever he is he must have pocketed his phone. Perfect. Just fucking perfect.
He stands just in-between the open car door and the front seat as if Dean just caught him getting out. “I turned down this road and my tire blew. Lucky for me, it was right by your garage. Think I could get you to –”
Despite all the healing his body was going through, his fever still lingered. The nightmares were still frequent enough some nights he had a hard time trying to figure out if his sweat was from them or the fever.
Dean hisses as Benny’s thumb digs into his neck just as his other hand grabs ahold of his hair, yanking him to his feet.
Dean thought much about it when people say they see red. People he’s arrested say more often than not; hell, even his own dad use to say it occasionally. But honestly Dean thought it was all just a cop out.
Castiel tilts his head up as the wind blows again and nods. “It is rather cold, isn’t it?”
And just like that, decades upon decades of repressed anguish so heavy Dean falls to his knees under the weight of it. Panting and gasping just trying to breathe, Dean clutches at his chest as he tries to just blink through the pain, while one hand fists the ground below trying to keep him from collapsing altogether. His eyes never leave the face of the dark, messy haired angel standing in front of him. Those ocean blue eyes are wide and staring back at him like he’s a kid that been caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
“Actually, this night serves my interests better, even if most men are probably married or otherwise tied town.”
„Dude, have you read some of the stuff?“
“Again, I am sorry I made you uncomfortable. I see now that I was being selfish –“
“What’s all this?”
___________________________________
"This is definitely weird." Dean assesses the situation.
“Cas we’ve talked about this. You are family and we like having you around.
“I prefer Pottery Barn catalogues anyway. They are quite relaxing to flip through.”
Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s in a brief glance, before studying their empty glass, then the wood-panelled wall, then the general bar-area.
„Mhh. I find their dedication quite charming.“
_____________________
A tiny smile tugs at Cas’ lips as he’s on the way to the fridge.
“Trust me, pal, if I didn’t want you here, you would have known by now.”
Dean scratches his neck unconsciously.
“Good.”
Dean blushes despite his best effort.
Once they are out the door and the cool night air hits their heated faces, he lets his hand slip down even further and into Castiel’s. Neither of them dares speak or comment on it.
"Couldn't sleep." He mumbles in answer, not looking at Castiel.
On his way out the door he grabs his Dead Man’s Robe from the coat hook on the wall, puts it around his shoulders and ties it up before toeing into the slippers waiting patiently for him at the door. He is way past debating this cosy getup. If Dean wanted to wear a bathrobe and slippers in the morning he was damn well allowed to!
Castiel is convinced he can hear Dean's heart beating rapidly in his right ear. his own breath might be coming out rather strangled now that he focuses on his in- and exhale.
“Come on, we made all your favourites!” Claire chitters on as she gets a plate and heaps greasy eggs and even greasier bacon onto it like this is Dean’s last meal and there won’t be anything edible available ever again after. Dean notices she doesn’t even consider the fruit while loading up his plate.
Castiel knows they talked about this. Of course he remembers. Dean was very adamant he understand.
“Gotta say Cas, you got taste.” He grins easily at the angel (his angel!!), slips back into the booth, precariously slides Castiel their shot glass over the uneven wood surface, and barely waits until he is seated properly to salute Cas with the tiny glass and emptying it with a tilt of his head. He shudders through the burn and almost coughs before using a generous sip of beer to wash down the taste of the cheap tequila. After Castiel is done mimicking him Dean raises his beer glass and finds his voice again.
“Ah yes, so you were interested in the artistic side of porn mangas?”
"Mhh," Cas hums in defeated agreement, "I already suspected it's not quite your taste."
“To us, I guess.”
„That’s incredible, Dean.“
“Mh, yes, actually, I don’t know if I wanna have this conversation.”
A pause.
“He what? Dude, that’s my job! Cas, please tell me you didn’t listen to him about how to pick up a lady because trust me, you’ll be doing it all wrong.” Dean was frowning into his beer now while Castiel was frowning at the open bar room before responding.
"Of course, Dean. I would like to watch over you very much."
Castiel can hear footsteps in the hallway leading to the bedrooms and sure enough, a few seconds later Dean's sock clad feed pad around the corner and into the library, where Castiel is seated at the chess table with a glass of amber liquid and a pottery barn catalogue opened halfway through.
The angel dares to meet the hunter’s eyes.
Cas gives him a hard look before elaborating, words chosen deliberately.
Dean squints and inspects the countertops laden with different breakfast foods in a help- yourself brunch style array. There was fresh coffee brewing away.
This is going so well in terms of Dean getting his well deserved four hours of rest.
“You want another one?” He asks Dean once he wrestles open the massive door.
Sam struts through the open kitchen door all energized and hair still wet from his morning shower when he comes to a halt and frowns at the almost fully occupied table.
“So, if you still want me here, I’m getting another beer.”
Claire is already out of her chair and halfway into his arms before she replies.
“You always put up with me. Aren’t you tired?”
“You ever played darts before, Cas?”
A sigh.
Castiel shrugs and Dean makes a face that clearly shows he still doesn’t understand.
“To us.” Castiel agrees, and that is that.
______________________________________
Castiel nods their head yes.
“Are you having nightmares again?” Castiel tests, carefully.
Dean makes some sort of huffing noise before answering.
Castiel hears himself sigh in response. Words apparently escaped his brain upon point of contact.
_____________________________________
"So, uh, can I maybe hold you?"
“No, thanks. It’s probably time for me to crank out the whiskey.” He announces cheerfully as he grabs a bottle of Jim Beam and a tumbler from the tiny bar-sort-of-area in the corner of the kitchen.
Jack lets go first and proceeds to pour Cas some of their precious Cookie Crunch while Claire rifles through the cupboard for Castiel’s favourite mug and fills it with steaming coffee.
“Okay buddy, I believe you. You’re good enough, no need to practice.“
“Uh? What’s going on? Claire, good to see you but whose birthday did I miss?”
"You weren't kidding." He gestures to the catalogue. "Anything interesting? You wanna spruce the place up a bit?" Dean covers the distance between them sleepily and settles in the chair opposite from Castiel at the chess table.
“Dude, what?”
"No shit, Sherlock." Comes the instant reply from the head end. Then, "this isn't working."
“Me?” Dean reiterates.
Dean sees the affirmative answer for what it was meant to be and holds his angel even closer. He is about to drift off with a soft smile on his face, when he feels Castiel's right arm moving and his hand closing over the one Dean has resting on his chest. Castiel intertwines their fingers and dean is wide awake once again.
They don’t take the impala because they both intend to drink and they both think themselves responsible adults. When they arrive at Jackson’s bar in downtown Lebanon, the place is predictably crammed with dudes old enough to be dads. Dean turns to flash a smile at Cas before grabbing hold of one of their coat sleeves, pushing the door open and steering them through narrow gaps between people to a miraculously secluded spot in the back of the noisy room. They settle down opposite each other on the worn fake leather benches. A redhead Dean believes to be called Robin serves them quickly, and once they are halfway through their first beer Dean suggests darts, as he notices the current game coming to an end.
“Uh, you know, the ones under your mattress?” Castiel tries.
"Could you maybe, uh, - " Dean fumbles around his words and with the frayed hem of his sleeping shirt, "do your thing?"
Castiel is not affronted, quite the opposite. Also, who is he to deny his charge? Fully aware this might change the course of their friendly relationship; he slips into the warm space next to Dean.
Dean makes a gesture towards all the food, specifically the steaming bacon. He eyes the fruit suspiciously.
"Good, okay." Dean comments.
Dean eyes Castiel carefully while he studies the elephant shaped plant pot again, forehead wrinkled in consideration.
Castiel nods and downs the remainder of his drink before following Dean out of the library.
Castiel studies Dean's face in the dark, selfishly indulging in their closeness, wishing his eyes tracing the constellations forming on Dan's nose and cheeks were his hands instead. He keeps his hands chastely crossed over his chest and presses them down onto his body.
„Turn off the computer, Dean. We don’t need outside confirmation for this.“
"Is this okay?" Dean murmurs not far away from Castiel's right ear.
Dean groans as he drags his body out of the bed in an attempt to escape the all-encompassing memory foam. “Uuuaaaggh” Is the sound that escapes his throat as he stretches his arms toward the ceiling as far as they would go. With his feet now firmly planted on the ground, he slumps back into himself and rubs at his eyes with the back of his hand.
like having you around.”
Dean definitely looks pissed now, Castiel decides.
“Uh, it’s Dad Day, dumbass!” Claire exclaims and goes in for a hug. Jack doesn’t move but their grin splits wider. Dean just hugs back, momentarily baffled, and too surprised to form an opinion on the matter and act on it.
“Okay.” Castiel says, for lack of a better response. He twists open his beer and gulps down a fair amount, patiently waiting for Dean to continue.
Castiel’s face lights up by a noticeable fraction. “Yes, alright. Let’s go then.”
"Hello, Dean."
He feels the angel looking up and blue eyes resting on his face. Dean doesn't meet them with his own.
“One time I sat down on the mattress I sensed something solid and I found your collection. They did help me when I got bored watching you.”
Castiel blinks.
They fall into silence again.
“You wanna pick up dudes?” Is what, at last, escapes his mouth.
“Good.”
the bunker is the safest place either of you can be in the world, and I apologize for disrespecting your wish for not being watched at night.”
“We’ve been sitting here for over half an hour, talking essentially about nothing, when all the while you could have been, I don’t know, watching something, listening to music, reading …… I don’t know, those mangas ... “
„It’s ridiculous.“
There’s no need to look at fiction when the real thing is right beside you and infinitely better.
Lying comes easy to Castiel now. Spending time with the Winchesters, spending time with Crowley, spending time with strange humans as a strange human himself – he assimilated, and it seems like he comfortably adapted a habit of deceiving the ones closest to him. But just because he got his lying game on point doesn’t mean he got his acting game on point. So he doesn’t meet Dean’s eyes and keeps on pretending being occupied with the label of his empty beer bottle. The glass is already warm to his touch, almost feverishly hot, and he doesn’t bother getting another one after having declined Dean’s offer mere minutes earlier. He can hear Dean taking another swig from his beer.
Gabriel was back in control again. “You can talk with him any time. I’m not suppressing him. I’m doing what I can to co-pilot.”
Sam interrupted his thoughts. “No one said we had to go back.” He paused a moment, then added, “I’m going back, but you have options.”
Cas’ arms were pressed to Dean’s chest. He was shaking again. “I love you, Dean. I can’t be in this world without you in it.”
“So, it’s either Sam or Gabriel if we’re just going on what we’ve seen?” Cas let his hand move to cover Dean’s.
The bored cashier said, “Really?”
He knew before he even opened it. He'd been doing his level best to shut down that brief part of his life. Thinking about Cas left him a mess. Instead, he immersed himself in everything else, in Lisa, in the band, even in taking on a fatherly role with Lisa's kid.
“It’s different, Sam. Go check the spot outside the door. Let me know if you see anything weird. I’ll keep an eye on Ellie here.” Sam nodded and walked off to do just that. Ellie kept a grip on Dean’s finger. Dean smiled at her. Something in him felt quite happy. It wasn’t a weird Amara bond or anything supernatural. It was just the moment that spoke to the secret part of him that always wanted something like this.
“You got what we need, condoms and whatnot?” Dean asked.
“I don’t know,” another said.
The Vanity Fair after party was the place to see and be seen. Cas considered changing up the order of the parties that they'd attend, but then he'd have to explain himself. He wasn't ready for that. Winchester won the Grammy for best song. Fallen took best album. All in all, it should have been a good night.
They'd have patched things up in time. He knew that, believed it. He'd pushed them too hard. Back-to-back tours and constant studio time were bound to break them. Anna had a family, or at least she did. Uriel wanted to pursue other interests. They didn't want to break up the band. They just wanted to stop being driven like cattle by its leader.
“Pretty sure you’re right.” Dean finally looked up at him and added, “But I know what I am. And I’m not the front man. I’m not the guy that writes the songs that go platinum. I’m the guy that helps hold the team together for as long as he can.”
Dean sang the next set of lines, “Maybe I'm amazed at the the way you pulled me out of time//And hung me on a line//Maybe I'm amazed at the way I really need you.” The song spoke to Dean. He felt like it was their turning point. It was their song. He wondered if the crowd could see how intimate it was. He wondered if they'd already guessed at the feelings that went along with the singing of the piece.
Castiel said, “I did.” It was something. Dean pressed a much more solid kiss into Castiel's skin, a reward for his use of words.
“I do. That’s why you can’t keep doing it alone. The stuff you’ve written is all half songs, and you are showing no signs of getting it done. You don’t work well alone. You have to get a band together.”
As the time for making decisions loomed overhead, Castiel began to grow more and more anxious. It was then that Anna first began her comforting. They'd sat together and they'd talked. Sometimes they did not. Either way she'd rubbed away the tension in his hands.
Their food came. Castiel didn’t dive in. “I hate asking, but I find myself rather invested in what happened next.”
“You got my changes, right?” Bobby asked. “Don't think I didn't notice that bit of
“It’s not that. I know she’s special.” Dean got up and took his plate back to the kitchen. He had his hands braced on the counter. He wasn’t looking at Cas. “Sometimes I don’t get you.”
Dean said, “Huh?”
“Nah, I think this will do.” Dean didn’t back away, didn’t even want to.
Castiel just stared at him for a moment. “You had him send it?”
It was meant to be a distraction. Cas moved back a step. He whirled his hand around, signifying to Dean that he needed to take a spin. Dean complied. He even paced away from Cas then came back. Cas settled his hands back on Dean, this time on his hips and he walked him back to the wall. He leaned into Dean’s ear and said, “I like the blue one better too. I like that it makes us look like a kind of package deal.” He leaned back and stared at Dean up close, and Dean licked his lips, anticipating what was surely about to come.
“Tell me why you’re upset with me.”
Cas seemed to know this. Last night when Dean tried to get up, Cas set a firm palm against his chest and pushed him back into bed. “No, you sleep.” The words had been whispered, but they were strong and not to be countered. Dean closed his eyes again and slept. He felt refreshed now.
“Oh, but they do exist, and they tend to linger near humans that they’ve taken under their proverbial wings.” He stepped closer to her, and she let him. “I think he lingers here because you are here.”
He got up moved back into the house and climbed the stairs. Cas was still sleeping, limbs everywhere. The space next to him looked inviting.
“Oh Dean, we've made so much progress though.” The disappointment in her voice came through loud and clear.
Cas didn’t want to think about that. “What happened with Jack is on me, not you.”
"You haven't gone to bed yet," Jack noted.
One of the generals interrupted, “What is it? What’s he figured out?”
“No, we’d just be interrupted.”
“Sorry.” Dean looked back at her, but she still slept and likely didn’t hear him.
“What are you doing?” Sam took Rebekah's hand and drew her back to him.
“Well Bobby was willing to make the trek with me. Apparently he and Crowley are…” Sam made an obscene gesture with his hands.
“Not really how we roll, now is it? Family has always been about something else.” Dean tucked his shoes a bit under the bed.
Dean walked down to the restaurant right at seven. He didn’t want to be late, but he also didn’t want to be sitting there forever waiting. Dean thought that maybe Cas would be late. It was a rock star thing. The host looked bored as he approached. Dean kicked up the charm a little. The guy seemed to snap out of it once he noticed Dean. “I’m meeting someone,” Dean started. “Mind if I just look around and see if he’s already here?”
“It was either rehab or the graveyard from what I’ve heard.”
And this was the moment Cas chose to confess. “I’m an angel.” Then he showed her with a gentle glow of grace. She nearly fell from her chair.
Rebekah released him and stepped back. “Sam?”
Bodies were funny things. The way they moved, the way they showed excitement or sorrow or pleasure. Cas was mesmerized by humanity. He spent a fair amount of his time thinking about bodies now, bodies that moved beneath him, touched him gently, kissed him possessively. He thought it would be easier somehow. Cas learned though, rather quickly, that he was wrong. It was amazing how often he could be so wrong.
He clicked. The video began as a distant shot that gradually drew closer. Castiel sat under a harsh, white spotlight. It made everything around him completely dark.
“A single hookup with an attractive man, I was down with that. Hell, Uriel had something in every stop, so why not me?” Castiel sighed. “But then we had dinner. We talked. God, you were stunning. I found you, actual you, attractive.”
“Or that he doesn’t trust us and thinks that he has to grow up real quick.”
“I was listening to all of the conversations in the bar to pick up on anything of interest, people of interest.” Cas gave Dean a pointed look, then turned away from him as he continued, “One of them made a comment about us, so I poked at their thoughts.” Cas glanced at Dean again but didn’t hold the gaze.
“Yes,” her voice was soft in the dimly lit room. She smoothed down her sleeping gown, that had a vibrantly colored pink unicorn on the front.
“I already told you, for Sam.”
"Abandoned. Also, babies when they came to Mary and Bobby."
The glowing golden tobacco that grew in the vast fields on either side of the long rural road waved gently back and forth on a little autumn breeze. Dean tried to focus on the moment, on the things around him. There was the roar of the engine as he pressed the accelerator as far as he could. There was the feel of the humid air that was everywhere and made breathing feel like a chore. There were the fields, endless and golden like sunshine in summer.
“A little after eight.” Cas poured some coffee and brought it over to Dean.
“Geesh, wait a sec, will ya. I still gotta button up.” He fumbled his way through the buttoning and zipping. He put on the jacket and moved past Cas. “Go sit.”
“Hoping some walk-ins come on by. It’s been a slow week.” He lowered his hand from his forehead. I saw more of his squinty eyed expression. I shouldn’t keep obsessively thinking about how cute he is. He was devastatingly handsome. He had a rock hard body that I wouldn’t mind going toe to toe with. At the same time, he’s just cute.
Dean replied, “They call them babies, Sam.” He unfolded the note and scanned it before reading it.
“Will be if you guys can handle the unloading. The babies are not happy.” Dean started to walk into the bunker.
. It'd be enough to bring up the performance, the one solo act he'd done ever.
“Yeah.”
Anna had already taken a seat next to Uriel, who was playing a guitar. Castiel was at the back of the bus in yet another doorway, presumably to the room containing the guitars. As Dean drew closer to the back of the bus, his eyes fell on the guitar Uriel was playing. “Whoa, that's a ‘43 Gibson.”
“I wish,” he paused again and looked like he was struggling for words. He looked at Dean earnestly. “I’d fall, choose humanity in a heartbeat. I want that. You take too many risks though for me to chose any sort of life like that. You need an angel watching over you.”
Castiel directed his attention to the next cabinet. In it was a smaller red and green Fender. It was unique. The topmost portion swirled up into, not flames so much, but more like something Dr. Seuss might have called flames or maybe trees. “This one hadn't been used much. We performed last year during the holidays and she seemed like she'd be a festive addition.”
They kept meeting in the studio, and they even came up with a sort of pattern. They practiced one of Dean’s songs first. Next, they’d practice one of Castiel’s half finished pieces. They worked on endings for Castiel’s songs, which took up the lion’s share of the time. It was tedious work, but progress was being made.
“I was telling you what it means.” But Dean’s hand gave Cas’ shoulder a little squeeze like he was saying yes. Cas leaned into Dean just a little more. Dean cleared his throat and said, “Watch this. He’s such a badass.”
“You know what they say about the New Year's kiss right?” Cas just shook his head. “The person you kiss is the one you'll be kissing all year or something like that.”
“He took the memory. He worried all the time that he was being selfish with you, that he was making you hurt when he left, because he knew that you loved him.”
“He doesn’t and you know it. He’s getting clean and this ain’t no place for a former junkie.” Dean could hear Bobby's sigh even through the door. Dean heard a little thump against the door. He opened it to find Bobby nearly falling into the space. “If he thinks you want that life back, which we both know you do, he’ll get back in. And he’ll be using again in no time.”
At night Cas would roam the halls. Before he'd just stay in his sparse room with a book. He felt restless though, and wanted movement or something to cure the feeling. Sam and Dean had long since gone off to bed, or so he thought. He heard a distant noise coming from the gym, heavy breathing and the rhythmic pop of something being hit.
Dean pressed in closer. He let go of Castiel's arms to wrap his own arms around Castiel's upper body. “You wrote, 'I Want You Back.’” Dean kissed down into Castiel's neck just a little. “You sang about how profound it was, how being with me was like sparks behind your eyes burning out sleep, or some shit.”
Dean smirked, “Don’t do me any favors.” And it seemed like he was more angry than he should be. Dean made the first move, but Cas side stepped it easily. Dean brought up his arms in a defensive posture. Cas mirrored him. He let Dean get a hit in. He even softened the blow, so Dean’s fist wouldn’t hurt. “You aren’t trying. Try!”
He came back to the car and rounded it to the trunk. He popped it open and pulled out the plastic bag from the back. It contained a set of sweatpants and some toiletries that he picked up from the store when it started seeming like they’d be stuck for the night. He could hear Cas getting out of the car before he closed the trunk. “We could just sleep at home and come back in the morning.”
“Who are you?” Cas gritted out.
Jack looked skeptical. “That hardly sounds like the workings of a god.”
“So glad you wanted to be found,” Dean replied. He reached down and cupped Cas’ cheek in his hand. Castiel nuzzled into him then went back to it. Dean’s fingers were twisting into his hair now. His body was arching up off the bed. He was sure this was it; this was how he would die. Castiel’s mouth on him would be listed as his cause of death. “Cas, Cas, Cas,” he breathed out. And then he was coming. Castiel pulled off as Dean continued. He scrambled back up the bed on top of Dean and lined himself up with the crook of Dean’s thigh. He was thrusting into the space as he kissed into Dean’s neck. He had his fingers twisted up with Dean’s
“Or something.” Cas leaned in and kissed him. It was more than what Dean had gotten out of him in months. Understandably. Afterall, Dean was always within a line of sight of Sam or at least within hearing distance. He certainly wasn’t looking to have an audience for his love life, or whatever this was. And yet, here was Cas, making the most of a moment.
"Couldn't sleep. Might as well be productive," Dean replied without turning to meet his gaze. He kept hitting the bag. Cas moved to the other side and held the bag in place for him. Dean stopped hitting it.
“Call it a hunch. He loves this place. You can see it if you just watch him out there for a bit.” Sam sighed and added, “Like I said though, he’d go where you go, no questions.”
Cas was in his room. Dean was sitting up in bed, but he got up. He moved slowly to Cas, who closed the door behind him with a quiet click. Dean was breathing like he was nervous. He moved toward Cas though, and Cas moved toward him. They met in the middle of the room. Cas reached for him first. He brushed a hand over the back of Dean’s hand. “You can tell me to go.”
Dean just stood there. “Why you wanna hear it so bad?”
“I was asleep. Pretty sure I wasn’t giving off any readable vibes.” Dean drove the short distance to the restaurant and parked the car.
“Of course. Cas is laid out up in the house there because of it.” Sam looked at him like he was trying to read him.
“You tricked me,” Dean seethed.
“Dude’s been gone for weeks. Damn right you lead with that.” Dean stalked past him. “Next thing you know, you’ll be telling me that mom moved back in.”
Cas interrupted his thoughts, saying, “I kept putting it off, thinking that I needed to be here to take care of the babies, to help you. There was always something. I have to do this though.” He wouldn’t look at Dean. He just kept looking into the bag at the unfolded mess inside of it.
Halfway through her journey into the woods, the world became silent. She stood and looked into the thicker woods where darkness was almost tangible. Danger was lurking. She could feel its approach. Though she’d had limited experiences with supernatural creatures, she knew of them and how to deal with them, at least in theory.
Cas said, “It doesn’t look quite right.” Dean fixed it in the mirror. “You always were better at that than me.”
They held each other and stared out at the wild crowd. “Thanks for coming out here tonight and being such a great audience!” Dean called out to them. “See you all next time! Have a great night!”
“Two eyes are better than one, I guess.” Dean half smiled as he said it, careful not to let his voice go all stupid.
Cas nodded. "That's good. I think Gabriel had good intentions. I think the world we live in makes many things difficult. There's been a lot of manipulation, a lot of abandonment. It's going to take time for everyone to heal."
Castiel reluctantly set the guitar aside. “I don’t want a band.”
Cas walked out into his yard like it was perfectly normal to find Dean there. “No, no you make yourself at home!” Cas declared as he made his way to the poolside.
“I’m glad you annoyed that cosmic entity. I can’t even tell you how,” Dean stopped before the sentence ended. He didn’t know what to really say there.
He stepped closer. He wondered how many more mistakes he'd get the chance to make right now. Castiel had to know he was there, right behind him. Dean sucked in a deep breath and pressed himself to Castiel's back. Dean lightly set his hands on the backs of Castiel's hands. He breathed, his head hovering just over Castiel's shoulder. Dean's lips were near Castiel's ear.
The words were fading now, like some sort of dream that never was real. The Impala roared back into Cora. He could see the spot where he left Sam. He was playing checkers with Old Mo. The parade was setting up. The sun was settling into mid-day. There were children running up and down the sidewalks in clean clothes like they fell out of an episode of
“That was less than five seconds.”
Dean dipped his head down into the crook of Cas’ neck and breathed him in. There was no one to witness this interaction, so he could savor this moment a bit more. He was glad that Cas kept holding him long past what most would have deemed socially acceptable for two pals.
. “It doesn’t seem like that is what you want, but if I’m wrong…”
“Let him tell you though. It wasn’t my place to say anything.”
Sam and Cas considered hog tying a viable option, or so they told Dean. Dean made it clear that that would not go well. Sam and Cas seemed to fall into a comfortable pattern with each other, and their mutual desire to see Dean healed helped to bond them both in a quick friendship. Dean was sure that he’d get no peace as long as the two of them kept up their mission to mother hen him into good health.
“Yeah, I’ve been worried about that,” Dean admitted. “I trust you though, so just tell me what you need.”
“You'll click,” Crowley said.
“We don’t know anyone in Virginia.
Cas nodded and followed the images on the screen and the subsequent explanations. The Impala was docked with the space station Calliope. It was a mission that he was familiar with, as it was nearly his mission. Gabriel had decided to make some changes though. Gabriel played a video next. They were all directed to look past the Impala and Calliope to an area to the left of the screen. Cas knew that this was the direction leading toward Mars. If all went according to plan, he’d be flying that path within the next two years, in order to establish a colony there. It wasn't a sure thing, in fact he had lost some hope of getting that mission, but he wasn't ready yet to let the dream go.
Dean undressed and got into bed the moment they got into the room. He’d grown quiet. Cas took a seat at the motel table next to the window. “Cas?”
Dean for his part, seemed to retreat into himself. He looked at him earnestly, like he wanted to talk or fix something broken. He wasn't broken. He could just see things as they were, and that was the rub. He could acknowledge that Dean loved him, but like he said to Joan, none of that mattered. He wasn’t what Dean needed. He also wasn’t what Dean wanted, at least not really.
Castiel poured another glass and drank it down. “Did Winchester know that Bobby was sending this?”
“Heard her?” Sam’s eyebrow kicked up.
It still made Cas feel overwhelmed to be called that. It was as if all of the emotions seemed to crowd his mind at once. He held on tighter so he wouldn't be seen crying.
“Don’t mess with my records. I just got them organized,” Dean said.
By his count Cas wouldn't be home for another three days. They'd been texting nearly every night, most days too. Cas told him about how his band came together, his upbringing, his feelings on everything from bees to guinea pigs.
And yet.
After breakfast, Dean and Cas handed off the babysitting to Sam and Jack. Sam offered up a different plan in which he and Jack would go to Hastings. Cas countered the plan by saying, “Dean’s been doing nothing but watch the babies for over a week. He hasn’t slept fully or had a moment to even think. Let him have these few hours out of the bunker.”
Dean decided he needed a little sleep so he got into bed and turned to the wall. Cas stayed at the table and tried to turn off his thoughts. "You really should talk to me." Dean's words rolled over to him from across the room. Dean still had his back to him. It made it a little easier.
“They putting you up at the Ranch?” The Ranch was the isolated hotel a few miles down the road. It had its own airstrip and a price point that guaranteed a certain wealthier clientele.
"From what Sam told me, and let's be clear, he barely told me anything, too messed up by you, he said it was years of repeating that same day, years Gabe."
“Yep,” Castiel popped the
Cas stepped closer. “It’s just that I am adjusting still, and I was just letting thoughts come to me, and then there yours were.” He looked away and seemed almost awkward with the admission. “I’m sorry. I know how you value your privacy.”
Dean didn’t know what to say. He wiped his palms down the sides of his pants. “Uh, so, what’d you pick up on?” At least if he knew, there’d be some way of dealing with it he supposed.
Dean had the guitar strapped to his back as they walked. He knew that the evening with Cas would end with the hand off of the guitar whether tonight or in the morning. There was a small orchard at the back end of the property. In the distance was the dull rumble of cars on the 5. They followed the meandering path through the trees until they came to the end of the property. Castiel leaned into a tree.
“Maybe, but we’d be here to help with that. Wouldn’t be right to just say, ‘here raise these random kids we found.’” Mary took the bottle and poured herself a little more. “So, me and Bobby.” Dean’s eyebrow kicked up. “You gonna be okay with that?” She downed the alcohol and looked a little worried.
“Near?” Of course Sam honed in on that one word.
It was occupied by Father Matthew. He was an older man, with large hanging jowls that showed just where the tithing went. Rowena had never liked him, and near as she could tell the feeling had been mutual.
He and Dean had been in the studio everyday for the past two weeks. Castiel worried for a moment that this was how it would start, the slow fall toward him being the tyrannical overlord he’d been before. Dean seemed happy though, for now.
“Only for the last three years. It’s an easy gig, and the pay is good.” Castiel tipped back the little bit of beer remaining in his bottle.
The others would soon know that she was with child, if they didn't know already. As the departure day drew near, without a hint whatsoever, the old gods made it impossible for them to leave. They separated them, sending him away while keeping her secure in the penthouse.
Dean could feel the tiny prickles in his arm that signified that he needed to roll over. He squeezed his hand into a fist, hoping to encourage a little extra blood flow. Time passed and he could still tell that Cas was awake.
Jack seemed to immediately brighten. “Yeah.” He turned to his desk and pulled over a book. He handed it to Sam. “Open it to the page with the paper there.” Jack pointed at the little stub of paper that was wedged between the pages.
Somehow it worked, and it maybe even saved them. They graduated and went off to their separate colleges, but every break and every summer they came back together. Fame came slowly. They had a few small gigs here and there, then more, then constant bookings. At a local festival, they met Crowley.
"I have no good excuse for that." Gabriel came back to the table and sat again. "It was the one rule that we had a solid consequence for, and no one was enforcing it. I decided to try again. This time Ellie was born. It was the same though. No one came for me. No punishment. No end to my role in all of this."
“I don’t think you get it. You staying is better. You going is the worst.” Dean leaned down a little to get eye contact. “I don’t know how to make it any clearer, Cas.”
“Even your brother hasn't gotten me food. Literally the least you all can do for taking up my space,” Castiel sounded grumpy. He wandered over to the bar and took up residence on the other stool.
Dean downed his whole glass and dragged the bottle over for a refill. There was not enough alcohol in the world for this moment. “Look, I don’t know how to do this.”
Jack gave his shoulder a little squeeze. “He knew you loved him.” Dean opened his eyes and felt anger at Jack for forcing this on him, this fake moment. “Look.” Dean looked.
Dean let Cas’ hand go. “It's the one thing that bothers me about the fame. You never get to have privacy again. There's nothing that's just mine anymore.”
Dean swam a few laps, then got on the floaty. He paddled over to the edge and got his beer. This was nice.
Claire laughed. “I almost forgot what you two were like together.”
Dean took a solid step into the room. “You weren't recording.”
“This is more than I could have hoped for.” He took her hand from his shoulder and kissed it. “I see why the angel chose you.”
“Oh, I just didn’t think he was the one you were describing. I thought that you were talking about the other one.”
She smiled back at him. She'd be distracting. She'd be fine with the proposition too. She lived two flights down from him. He'd have to see her around afterwards, though. It could be awkward. “Work that miserable?” she asked, interrupting his thoughts.
“Alright, alright.” He leaned away when Ruby went in for another kiss. “We’ll be back at the hotel in less than 30. We can hold off a little.”
“Yes.” Dean leaned in and settled his head on Cas’ shoulder saying, “And maybe for everything else too.”
“Have more babies too.”
Castiel took the phone and stepped back. Dean's phone wasn't locked. Cas opened his contacts and added himself. “Can I send myself a text?”
Dean sent another text to Bobby. This one was filled with even more anger than the last. He was pretty sure he was going to be seeing him at any moment. Bobby would try to talk him down. It was how he was.
“And the rest is history?”
“Maybe. I've been kinda going on for the past month about Winchester being our lead in. I was pretty determined to meet you, and then I got chicken shit and stayed cooped up in my bus.”
Rowena had her blade drawn and held in front of her. “I am.”
Cas wondered if it was right, asking her to do this. It had been his intention, but she was clearly drawn to him, not Dean. He thought of Dean though, and the desire to touch him again, to feel his body pressed to his own, that desire won out. “Would you be willing to let me occupy your body for one night?”
“You wouldn’t have to do that. I’d volunteer.”
He forced himself to take each step, climb the stairs.
December was upon us. It was fine. It wasn’t really, but I was telling myself that it was. The first day in and I was sitting on the fire escape again. This time I had coffee. It had been a long while since I’d done this. I was avoiding. Alex was out with Claire on what was supposedly their third or fourth date. They seemed happy, and I couldn’t even get my body across the street to talk to Cas.
“Well, yeah. Not like we live next to a park,” Sam said.
“I suppose he intended to use that against you. Frankly, I didn’t think you feared anything.” Dean slid his arm over the seat so that he could give Cas’ shoulder a little squeeze, just let him know that he wasn’t there anymore and that he was safe now.
“Perhaps she has just been waiting for the right moment,” Sam said. He stood then and looked from one to the other. “Everyone ready?” They all nodded.
“I'm one of those people that is attracted to the person. Gender just doesn't matter to me. The first time I saw you perform was on TV, some late night talk show, I think. I wanted to meet you. Talked about you endlessly, drove everyone nuts. Then, there you were borrowing my guitar and…” Cas took a deep breath. I was attracted to your talent, enough so that I wanted to get much closer to you.
Bobby shook Crowley’s offered hand and said, “You've changed it up in here. No more art deco.”
Dean looked up into Cas’ face. He looked worn out. His eyes were soft and seemed like they’d close and send the angel off to dreams. Dean wondered if Cas wasn’t feeling a little more human lately. “Are you okay?” Dean found the nerve to ask.
They all laughed at him and at the situation. “I'm not even sure what to do with all of it,” Castiel admitted.
Dean hesitated. “Okay then.” Dean started playing again. When he began singing, his voice was low and gravely. Castiel thought he sounded a little like Tom Waits. Castiel followed the lyrics better this time. They were about someone that was alone, someone that lost everything. It felt relatable. Then, it felt deeply personal. Then he started wondering if there were questions he should ask about the inspiration.
Castiel gave him what he wanted, opening him up slowly. He kissed him through all of it, and when Dean was ready, squirming and begging for him, Castiel stopped and eased back to take in the vision again. “You're beautiful like this.”
Then he met Dean, and he began to want time to explore feelings that he felt bubbling away in his chest. He had Dean's number.
Now Cas and Dean both laughed. ”So two hunters and a nephilim teen couldn’t handle babysitting and research.”
Joan just looked at him for a second and said, “Well, you’d know better.”
Cas stood. "Biology, makes anything Dean and I would have done before safe. I think you're missing the bigger picture though." Cas took his hand. "I'd have thought that you'd have noticed when I hugged you at least."
“Hello Dean,” Cas’ calm voice came to him.
The drive felt quite long. It was only about an hour from where they had parked to home, but when babies cry, everything feels infinite. When they finally pulled into the garage, Cas was quick to undo the seatbelts, and free them. Dean reached in and removed Ellie from her restraints. Sam’s car pulled in next  to them. “You all okay?” Sam asked.
“I think we should drink copious amounts of alcohol.” He stepped toward Dean. “What do you have to drink?”
“I don't think you should do that.” Sam pulled Rebekah back to him and into a hug. “You'll see things that will be rather awful. She hasn't always been good, but she is now.”
Castiel wrapped up the chorus with, “I should have given you a better route. I should have made you see the way. You were deep inside of me. I still crave the weight of you in my arms.” Castiel turned, and sang the last lines facing Dean, whose arms still held him. “Let me again claim your perfect sin, carve your name again into my skin.”
“It is far from okay. You’ll be at the bottom of the sea, forever. You won’t age or die. You’ll just be there, trapped with Michael in your head. I can’t...” Cas slammed his arm out wildly, knocking over a lamp and several books.
There were some that made sense, songs about anger and disappointment. The idea that Castiel put out album after album with Dean on his mind didn't make sense. Maybe one album, two tops.
Dean knew that he didn’t see him again that night. He’d gone to bed restless and wanting. He’d dreamed of actions he’d never take, of words he’d never say. Cas lifted his head from the door and stared down at the handle before turning it and walking in. Dean felt confused. This didn’t happen.
Dean dipped his head and dragged his lips to the goal. When he took Cas in, it was enough to spark his brain to action again.
Dean kept thinking that they'd end up seeing a bedroom at some point, but none materialized. There was a second floor that they didn't visit. It was likely where those bedrooms were.
She painted a little picture for him with her thoughts. Cas moved into Dean’s lap. “You’re never the third wheel.” Not the most romantic thing he’d ever said, but it seemed to move Dean.
Dean turned to Cas and asked, “Nephilim?”
Dean closed his eyes. Castiel's eyes were there though, burning into him. “Fuck him.”
Now Dean was laughing even harder. “So you're saying you can't handle me?”
“Anything you say Mr. Winchester,” Castiel smiled at him.
Watching Sam go was the hardest part of the healing. Dean hadn’t known it, but he’d never learned what it was like to let someone go that wasn’t passing on toward a grave. True, people left him, but they were casual people, one’s he’d never invested in. This time though, it was Sam. He was struggling not to change his plans. He had to be reminded over and over that they had a ship that could take them home any time.
Gabriel came back up to his full height. “It’s about heaven. Sam told me that I was needed, that God was on a permanent vacay. He said he needed me. You know I can’t refuse Sam Winchester. So I set things in motion, made him my vessel, made him forget. I knew there would be sacrifices, these things always go like that. It was the only way though. I had to get to the source of the problem, and leave a little help in my wake.”
Sam reached into the cooler and passed him one, popping the cap off of it as he did so. “That better?”
“And she still gave you the time of day?” Dean laughed.
“Will do.” They ended the call with the usual pleasantries. Dean looked out across the yard at the early morning sky. It felt peaceful now. Something in him felt different.
“No, I think I'm just going to text. Supposedly, emojis can do wonders.” Cas said all of this with absolute seriousness, so it was no wonder that Anna nearly died from laughing.
“Why would they send someone out?” Cas asked.
I'd like to wish you all a very lovely new year. May the world be brighter and more kind than it has been in the past. May you have all that you need and love to spare.
Cas didn't leave the body right away. Dean's anger last time was enough to convince him that staying was important. They didn't talk, and Cas actually thought that Dean had drifted off.
“It would be a waste of a trip to head home now.” They stayed a bit longer, nursed their drinks, then drove into town for a room.
“That should be nice. Are you a good cook?” He was leaned back against his counter, watching me.
“Wait, we’re just talking a week?” Dean’s hand dropped. “I seriously thought you were going to be gone for months.”
A phone pinged across the room. Castiel passed the phone back to Dean. Dean looked down at the text that Cas sent to himself.
Dean cleared his throat and said, “Let’s play something together, just to get used to each other some more.” And that was how they spent the rest of their day. They played one song after the next. Sometimes they sang, and other times they just rolled through the chords. It was strangely relaxing. It was also easy falling into each other’s patterns. When they ended in the afternoon with quiet
“Pretty sure it’s not that.”
“God, it’s good to have you back.” He was smiling as he said it and was given a return on the investment. Cas looked like he hadn’t heard an ounce of anything good in some time, and this was hardly a deep well of feelings coming out of Dean.
The days passed, and Dean grew restless. Michael called and they went out one night. It felt weird though, like Michael was hitting on him or something. He declared that he was still exhausted and got out early.
He reached over to his nightstand and popped open a pill bottle. He poured out two pills and dry swallowed them. They were just sleeping pills. He knew his brain wasn't going to let him rest. He turned off the lights. He was afraid.
"That's where you come in," the general said. "We are hoping to send you there to learn more about this gateway, where it goes, how it works. We’ll need to get more data, and Dr. Tran has asked for time to get some equipment together for the journey. We’ve granted his request for time."
“Oh, now, you don’t want to make an actual enemy of me. I’m certainly going to be far more useful to you as a friend.”
He straightened out his hair in the mirror and gave himself another once over. There was a knock on the door. Dean went to it. “That was fast,” he said as he opened it. Ruby and Sam stood on the other side.
The crowd screamed even louder. A high-pitched female voice yelled, “We love you, Dean!”
Dean pulled his arm out from behind Cas, and closed the laptop. He turned to face him more fully now. He settled a hand on Cas’ knee and said, “You did everything you could, and in the end you took a risk all because you wanted to save us, all of us. It’s not like I can hear prayers. You couldn’t change that. Instead, you got to suffer through all of my ramblings.”
She thought about that for a moment and said, “If so many keep believing that they exist, maybe there’s something to that. I’d like to be prepared for that possibility.”
Sorry that I took so long to update. I've been in the hospital and such, and just needed to heal up a bit first. Thanks for your patience.
“Not a problem, dear. I'll just bill you and then go water my plants on your dime.”
“They saying good things about the performance?” Cas grumbled out as he rolled closer to Dean.
Cas smiled and said, “Okay, Jody.” He reached down and hung up. He reached into his own pocket and pulled out his phone. He poked around on the face of it then held it to his ear. “Jack, let Sam know that we’ll be home tomorrow and that Claire is coming to the bunker to help out.” Dean could almost hear the air quotes.
Anna approached Cas who had been doing his best impression of having a quietly good time. He was failing at it, but it was his best effort. “You okay?”
“So, you think he noticed,” Cas said, voice low and comforting.
Dean peeked past the edge of the changing wall. “Yeah, that goes without saying.” He paused, thought about Cas’ words, then added, “What’re you saying?”
“I fucked up didn't I?”
They learned a lot about each other on those late nights, so much so that Dean found himself longing for Cas’ return a bit more than he thought reasonable.
He walked around the building until he came to a door with a splintered sign. “Dean?” He could feel something here.
There was a knock on the door, and Cas stepped away from Dean, creating a respectable distance. Dean opened the door. “You all up for some company?” Sam stood there tall and all aglow with good health. He was heading into his second year of sobriety, and it seemed like it'd stick.
Then one day, there was pain. It was something she’d never known. The white hot stabbing rendered all thoughts pointless. She felt such agony, but it was not her own. It was the pain that her father was experiencing transferred to her in much the same way that they had communicated before.
“Yeah,” Dean said with a smile. The guy looked spooked. “What's wrong?”
“You wanna drive?”
Becky smiled and pointed out the door toward the street with the bus on clear display. “You did see their bus, right?”
Castiel's room was one floor above theirs. The security guard at the elevators let him pass and punched in the number when Dean said it. He was operating on autopilot. He wasn't even going to stop off at his own room first, too afraid that he'd talk himself out of seeing Cas.
“I”m not saying no. I just don’t…”
“He was killed by his brother, Michael,” Sam said. “We are hoping to help him come back.”
“You gotta pick.”
Now Castiel just hummed in lieu of an answer. He stared at the screen in front of him. “We used to know each other.”
Castiel pulled back a bit and looked at him. “This a new realization or just a general point?”
“Sounds like a solid plan.” Dean lifted back the comforter and sheets on the other side of the bed. There was only one bed. He didn’t think to get two. Angels didn’t sleep after all. He glanced over at the table under the window with its two modern chairs. They didn’t look comfortable, but they were cool in an artsy way. They were made of bright red plastic with vinyl covered cushions on the inside.
Dean smiled and said, “I can let you do that.”
The waiter came over and took their orders. Castiel got a filet, and Dean just copied him. They got another round of beers too. “Do you guys always do the Cali Fest?” Dean asked.
“Well, that’s not surprising. Half the stuff in these books is violent. I wonder sometimes if we’ll ever get to research something soft and kind.”
It was easy to tell himself that walking close was about safety, nothing more. It was about safety, a little, but that didn’t explain why he didn’t stay as close to Sam when they were wandering through dangerous places or even when they were just strolling down the streets of some no-name town. He was always walking close to Cas, and Dean knew that this was about something more. Well, he’d know if he let himself really think about it for more than one minute.
He also wondered if Cas was having nightmares of the Empty. Dean knew that he’d struggled when he first came back human and a little lost. Cas had said that sometimes when he closed his eyes that it was like the world was falling away from him again. There was something like fear in the way he said it, and Dean had never heard Cas sound afraid of anything really.
“Of course you didn't. Some things never change.” There was a hint of disgust in Castiel's tone.
The kiss ended. Dean’s eyes were still closed and he hovered like he wasn’t really awake, frozen almost in the midst of what he’d been doing. Cas cupped the side of his face. He pressed his forehead to Dean’s. “I can’t stay yet. I’m being selfish. This’ll hurt you too much when I have to go.” He stepped back. “I’m sorry Dean. It’s better you don’t remember this.” He kissed Dean’s forehead and a small glow of grace bloomed between them.
“Why’d you drive the car over?” Cas asked as he sid into the back, making room for Dean to join him.
“Thought Fallen and Winchester might get together afterwards, after the performance.” Castiel stepped to the window and looked out. It felt like avoidance.
“This here is Dean's address.” He lifted up the notebook and showed it to Castiel. “You're gonna go talk to him. You get to fix this.”
“This isn’t a date.” Dean looked from one to the other. He wasn’t sure why he had to throw down the denial. He just didn’t want the discomfort of that looming over his head. He’d never dated a man. Feeling attraction was one thing. Dating was quite another. It all seemed like too much work. With women it was easy, damn near expected. With men, there was that great potential for rejection that he just didn’t need. However, none of that explained this moment. There was no chance of rejection, yet he was knocking down the idea before it even got off the ground.
Dean surged toward him and pulled him into the kiss. There was fire in his movements, something a bit desperate. It took Cas by surprise, but he figured out how to respond a moment later. His hands took on a life of their own. He raked at the bottom of his shirt in an effort toward getting it up and off. Dean was already fumbling at the zipper on the back of Gwen’s dress. Cas let it fall down around his ankles and stepped out of it.
“Yeah.” Dean pulled off to the side and shut off the car. The engine ticked and cooled. “I don't want to mess things up this time, Cas.”
Cas suddenly remembered. “Okay, now you can take me to Jack and Dean.”
“It’s more than that. Nothing to worry over though. I’m well, and I’m happy.”
“I mean,” he sighed, “never mind. Eat your burger. Maybe now you’ll let me check out the telescopes.”
“No, I’ve got data again. It’s the article. It’s actually gone.” Sam turned the laptop a little so that Cas could see it. “Normally that wouldn’t be so weird, but look at this.” Dean could hear Sam clicking away and Cas let out a little concerned sounding hum. “I know right.”
“Not the point. I just want to be alone.” Castiel was about to close the laptop. He could leave. He didn’t have to stay for this. Sure he had a contract, and Crowley would hold him to the letter of it: three more studio albums and two tours. It was too much to even think about. At least he had time. There were no time constraints at all in the contract. He could drag this out until after his first hip replacement, he reckoned.
“Pumped.” Cas gave Dean a wink then looked out at the sea of people. They'd had sold out concerts for months now, but those venues were no bigger than a few hundred people. This was like it was before when Winchester and Fallen were their own things.
“Look at the picture from the fridge.” Jack pulled over the loose paper from his desk, the one that Phobos had drawn. “It’s the same moment. And, get this, when we made shadow puppets in the hall, this was what they showed me.”
Dean felt his face warm up with that. Castiel was pulled away by some studio guy. The others all had someone to talk to. Dean stared out the window at the city with all of its lights and mayhem. He subtly scanned the room for small escapes, places where they could go and not be seen.
“Jack is fine.”
She took the path all the way to the woods, then deviated into the trees to collect a few wild herbs for her evening meal. She stood near the tree with the banishing sigil for a moment and considered her day. The sun still hung high overhead. She stopped and picked a few sprigs of rosemary, before moving deeper into the woods for some thyme. She made her way back out to the path and wound her way back along the stone wall that lined her pasture.
Castiel looked at him, brow raised. “Yeah.” He turned to the soup and started filling a couple of bowls he'd pulled down from the shelf. “You almost got married.”
The walls were covered in wallpaper. The stairs were made of dark wood. The carpeting that cushioned his steps was far from new, but it was well taken care of. Everything was well taken care of. He noticed that right from the start. This was a town that seemed to be suspended in time. It was a place that held onto the old-world values and the old-world things. He’d had trouble finding much of anything that was modern. There were no TVs or computers. The general store rang up patrons with an old-timey cash register that actually dinged when the drawer opened.
“I usually just use sugar.” Cas still reached for the creamers.
Then the texting started.
“Think he'll be recording long?” Dean asked.
Dean lifted Cas’ hand to his lips and kissed his knuckles. “Absolutely.” Then he turned to the door, Cas’ hand in his and stepped out into the world, free and eager for what was to come.
Rebekah blinked a little and then sat up. “She didn’t wake up?” she said as she glanced down at Rowena.
Kaia’s expression shifted from peace to worry and back. Her brows pinched a little. She just nodded. Claire stroked her cheek. Kaia eventually said, “I don’t know.”
"I'm listening."
"Nothing is getting at me."
"... Well.. I uh, I .." He stalled for words. He was going to say something sappy- something charming.. perfect, maybe? His tongue felt as if it wasn't there and an itch began on the back of his neck.
"Sooo.... where to from here? You want the front seat, Cas?"
"I.. met the artist. Theodore Robinson. In France. Very briefly, of course, and it was.. 'official business'. It was the late 19th century. Art was one of my guilty pleasures when it came to humanity. I didn't have to seek it out, it was everywhere and I was very fortunate to have been inhabiting a vessel at.. such a good time for it. Do you enjoy art, Dean?" Cas turned his gaze towards him. Dean noticed Cas held the same awed look for him as he did for the painting.
The three sat in a dingy corner of a local diner. Dean ordered a perhaps-too-cripsy chicken sandwich and pondered the flavor, followed by beer washing it down and glass knocking against laminate. Sam excused himself for the bathroom and Dean barely had the time to look up from his sandwich before the thickness of the air and the scent of his own cologne over Cas's coat overcame his senses, he calmed himself by following Cas's gentle stirring of the black coffee- cold already.
