“I’m going on a city trip to Barcelona with Mary next week!” John said enthusiastically when he came into Sherlock’s flat. “Weren’t we doing a golf weekend next week, only us two?” Sherlock asked, hurt. Since John was together with Mary, Sherlock didn’t see his best friend that much at all. He missed his best friend. “I’m sorry Sherlock.” John said. “I’m sure you’re sorry. You only come to me when Mary isn’t there. I’m not someone to fill your free gaps, John.” Sherlock snapped. John had tears in his eyes, but Sherlock didn’t look at him. “I do sometimes need you, John. I looked forward to our trip together so much, just having some best friends time, but I think I don’t mean as much to you as you do to me.” John was really crying right now. The words had hit him hard. Sherlock didn’t look up. He allowed his tears to fall the moment he heard John slamming the door.
Second one of today, but I can't upload Saturday afternoon till Monday morning...
. Let’s eat some ice cream.” Sherlock said and he took John’s hand in his to walk home and to end his boyfriend’s birthday with some ice cream and some sweet kisses.
really beautiful together. “Boys, are you ready? We should go now.” Mycroft asked. He looked stunning in his suit that matched Sherlock’s. “Yep, we’re ready.” Mary said and she walked out of the room. “Thanks.” I said to Mycroft. He smiled at me and hugged me. “Come on, little brother of mine.” He said. “I’m so proud of you.” I kissed his cheek.
Another week further and they were engaged. It was time to plan the wedding.
If you would want to see the film it's based upon: https://yesmovies.rs/watch-the-sum-of-histories-2015-1080p-online-free-yesmovies/watching.html
His father was a highly placed politician in the UK and held a party for the best of the UK Army. The war was not over yet, but he had to keep his people satisfied.
Rosie drove her bike and her dads followed right after. John took Sherlock’s hand and let their fingers intertwine. “They didn’t know you were married to me, did they?” Sherlock asked. Of course Sherlock knew.
Graham Norton asked Sherlock. Sherlock grinned, making John’s stomach flip.
Sherlock and John didn’t think about the stick that much anymore. They were walking on the beach together, on their holiday far away from fans and press. “I love you.” Sherlock stated  and he took John’s hand in his. John smiled and pressed a light kiss on Sherlock’s chin. “I love you too.” John answered with a smile on his face. “How beautiful is it here?” He asked and he pulled Sherlock closer to him. There was no human being seen on the entire beach, the sky was turning orange and yellow. It was stunning. “Let’s sit down for a moment, I need a cuddle.” John said. Sherlock smiled and sat down in the sand, pulling John in between his legs. Sherlock enjoyed having John so close to him. He really felt one with the man leaning against his chest. Still, he felt tingles all over his body when he hugged his best friend, his lover. “Why are you so tense, pet?” Sherlock asked as he massaged John’s neck and shoulders. John took a deep breath and turned around so he could look at Sherlock. “Sherlock, I love you. I love you so much! Even a smile or a small cuddle can make my day. I’m so happy I can share everything with you: a house, our friendship, work, my love,… But there is still one thing I would like to share with you.” John said. Sherlock’s heart pounded in his chest. John took a small box out of his pocket. “Sherlock Holmes, would you like to be my husband? Will you marry me?” John asked.
It was Sherlock’s 15th birthday. John had bought him a Chelsea shirt and they were playing football in the park. “Johnny! Come on! Don’t be such a pussy!” Sherlock teased. John laughed and jumped on Sherlock’s back, causing Sherlock to fall. They wrestled until John was on top. “I’m not a pussy.” He said, trying to be serious. Sherlock grinned. He loved those crazy afternoons with his best friend. John made him feel loved, made him feel at home. Some would say he was in love with his best friend, but he didn’t want to think like that. “Come on, let’s play.” John said, standing up. He offered Sherlock his hand and pulled him on his feet. Sherlock took the ball and wanted to pass it to John, but his phone beeped. “It’s a mail from Misty.” Sherlock smiled and John stood next to him so he could read with him.
Sherlock couldn’t imagine a better husband, so he wrote back:
“You what?” Sherlock asked shocked when John told him the next day he had a relationship with Mary. He didn’t know jealousy could hurt so much. John had a hurt expression on his face. “Oh, I’m sorry, I just didn’t expect you and Mary to be together.” Sherlock said honestly and he took John in his arms. “Are you sure there is nothing else?” John asked when had let Sherlock go. Sherlock forced a smile on his face. “I’m sure.” He said.
John laughed. “Misty?” he asked. “I don’t know a Misty.” Sherlock said seriously. “But Chelsea will win tomorrow, 2-0” he said confused. “That’s awesome news, isn’t it? Are we gonna watch the match together?” John asked. “Yeah, I want to know if that Misty is right.” Sherlock said. “Come on, lay back down, I was really comfortable.” John said after Sherlock had put away his smartphone. Sherlock smiled and crawled back in his best friend’s arms.
“My last life? What the hell happened?” Mary mumbled confused before she continued reading.
“I didn’t even know you had a wife.” Molly said.
John laid with his head in Sherlock’s lap in John’s bed. Sherlock was caressing John’s hair and massaging his scalp. Sherlock saw John’s face grimacing in pain. “Where does it hurt?” Sherlock asked. “I’m not laying too well.” John said. Sherlock stood up and positioned John in a better way. “Better?” Sherlock asked. John nodded and smiled. “Thank you so much.” He said. “For everything.” Sherlock’s eyes were watering. “I care too much about you. I couldn’t leave you on your own, you know that.” Sherlock said. John smiled and closed his eyes for a moment. “Tell me about that big break through.” John said. Sherlock knew John wasn’t interested at all, but as his best friend, John loved to listen to all the stories Sherlock told, especially those about his passion. It helped John to sleep. Sherlock told John about the e-mails going back in time, about the erasers under his favourite coffee cup, about Mary who was way too enthusiastic. Before Sherlock could finish his story, John was asleep. Sherlock gave John a kiss on his forehead and went to bed himself. Tomorrow would be very exhausting.
Mary looked through the stick. The first picture was the front page of an important scientific magazine, it was her and a man who was a little bit older than her. The two looked really proud.
“Hi guys!” Mary said when the boys met him in the pub the next day. Sherlock ordered three beers and they sat down at the table in the corner of the pub, like they always did. “You won’t believe what I get in the mail today.” Mary said. Sherlock looked John in the eyes.
Sherlock was way too enthusiastic. It was his best friend’s 18
“How do we call ourselves?” Mary asked. Sherlock looked around in the room and grinned when he thought about the first dog he had had after moving out. “Misty.” Sherlock grinned. John had laughed when Sherlock had told him about the dog’s name and had called him
“What are we having for diner?” John asked when he saw Sherlock had went to the supermarket. “Guess two times.” Sherlock grinned. “Mash and pie?” John asked hopeful. Sherlock laughed and nodded. “Fresh mash and pie by the master himself.” Sherlock said, wiggling his eyebrows. John laughed. Sherlock smiled while he put away the groceries. John’s laugh made his day, always. “Johnny, you want to put on some music?” Sherlock asked. John signed with his eyes and the music began to play. The boys chatted about football, music and TV while Sherlock was cooking. Sherlock was really content like this, having his best friend by his side and taking care of him. “I love you, Sherlock.” John said randomly when there had been a moment of  comfortable silence. “I love you too.” Sherlock said, the love hearable in his voice.
“Hi. I’m John Watson.” John said, kissing Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock laughed. “Well, that’s awkward.” He said. John smiled.
“Daddy!” John heard a familiar voice shout. He just could turn around in time before a small child jumped in his arms.
John talked about the war and Sherlock was fascinated. He looked in John’s eyes and his head felt light. John touched his arm and it was like the sky was the limit.
“I guess he’s not. He wears a ring.” Janine said disappointed. John looked at his ring finger for a moment. He couldn’t wear it while working, but the tan lines were visible. He couldn’t help but smile.
“Helpless”.
birthday.
Rosie clapped her hands enthusiastically. “I guess she’s okay with that.” Sherlock laughed. “Come on, we’re out of here.” John said, taking Rosie’s hand.
“Tell me, John. Do you have a partner in your life?” Mary asked. They were working on the experiment together for a month now and everything went really good. John laughed at the question. “Why?” he asked. “No reason.” Mary said. “No, there is a reason.” She said after a couple of minutes of silence. “You’d like to go on a date with me?” Mary asked. John looked at her with a surprised expression on his face. “Well, why not.” He answered. Mary grinned. “Okay, Saturday night?” she asked. John smiled and nodded. “I’ll send you a message with when I’ll be at yours.” Mary said. “Okay, I can’t wait.” John grinned. With a smile the two continued working.
“Come on! Pass!” Both of the boys screamed in unison while watching the match. It was minute 61 and although they were supposed to know the results, they were really curious whether Misty had spoken the truth. One spits had scored in the first 15 minutes, which made the score now 1-0. Sherlock and John looked how someone passed to Hazard. The minutes in the corner of the screen jumped from 62 to 63 and the ball went in the goal. The two boys jumped up and hugged each other. “Oh my god.” Sherlock said. “That Misty was right.” John said. “This can’t be true!”
“So, I thought about sending a mail to one of our younger selves?” Mary proposed. “Why would you want to send a mail to your younger self? You’re not going to change your life, are you?” Sherlock asked. “If you don’t trust me, we could send one to your younger self.” Mary said. “And what would you want to send?” Sherlock asked. “We could ask them to burry something here on the campus.” Mary asked. “Like a note in a box.” “And what would you reach with that?” Sherlock asked. “Well, the last time we have send an e-mail, we sent it a couple of hours back in time. If it works this time, it would be able to send something 25 years back in time.” Mary said enthusiastically. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile. “Okay, first we’re going to send a mail with the results of the match so they will just do the things we ask them to do.” Sherlock said. Mary laughed. “What are you gonna do to yourself?” she asked. Sherlock grinned.
“Sherlock Holmes. It’s a pleasure to meet you.” Sherlock answered shyly.
“Daddy! Papa! Can I play in the sandbox?” Rosie asked enthusiastically. “Of course my love!” John answered.
“I didn’t know you had a daughter!” Janine said, with fond on her face.
Sherlock’s heart throbbed in his chest. This could not be true. “Mary, look.” He said. “No way.” His assistant said. Mary was at least as excited as he was. “The molecules are going back in time.” Sherlock said. He wanted to scream of excitement, but this was a secret experiment. Instead of screaming, he hugged Mary. “This means…” Sherlock said after he had let Mary go. “That we can send e-mails back in time.” Mary completed the sentence. “Come on, let’s do an experiment.” He said. “What will we send? And to who?” Mary asked. “Let’s send a mail to Charlotte, my secretary. Write that she has to put three erasers under my Chelsea coffee cup and that she doesn’t tell us anything.” Sherlock said. “Sent.” Mary said after typing what Sherlock had said. “Let’s watch.” She said, way too excited. “Wow, easy. Maybe it didn’t work.” Sherlock said, being his sober self. “We won’t know if we don’t watch, Sherlock.” Mary said. Sherlock took a deep breath and took his favourite coffee cup. His eyes grew wide when he saw the three erasers. Mary jumped up and down in excitement. “It worked.” Sherlock said, heart still pounding. “It worked!” “We can warn everyone for Nine Eleven, we can warn everyone for all nature disasters, we can save millions of lives!” Mary said. “Wow, Mary, we can’t change the future that much, not yet. We don’t know what would’ve happened if for example Nine Eleven didn’t happen.” Sherlock said. “Let’s think about what we are going to send next and to who. I’m going home now, I don’t want to bother John’s mum too much.” He said with a sad smile. “I adore you for what you do for your best friend. I wished I had friendship like that.” Mary said. Sherlock patted her shoulder. “Don’t do anything stupid. Only think. I want to do this together.” He said. Mary nodded. “I’m going home too.” She said.
“Not at all, but most of the time, they don’t even believe me when I say I married an Oscar winner, so I guess it’s not important to let everyone know.” John explained.
John and Sherlock’s wedding was a success. There was dancing, there was eating and there was drinking. John and Sherlock kissed each other. Eurus tapped Sherlock’s shoulder.
The days after the crash were really emotional. “Sherlock, love, you should come out for a moment.” Sherlock’s mummy said. Sherlock was already crying in his bed for days. “Mum, I didn’t hear John for an entire week. We hadn’t experienced that in the fucking 28 years we were friends.” Sherlock cried. Only saying it out loud made him cringe in pain again. “And the last time I’ve heard him, I was screaming at him. It was our first real argument in all those years. I can’t handle it.” Sherlock cried. Ms Holmes hugged her son. “Mum, I loved him.” Sherlock said it out loud for the very first time. “I was in love with him for years. I can’t live with the fact he never knew. I really can’t.” “Is that why you never had a serious relationship?” Ms Holmes asked. Sherlock nodded. “I loved him so much, mum.” Sherlock cried.
“Aaaand it’s sent.” Sherlock said enthusiastically. “Come on, I’m hungry. Are we ordering takeaway or are we gonna have diner in that lovely restaurant behind the corner?” John asked. Sherlock smiled. “I’m in a fancy mood, let’s go the restaurant.” He said.  John cheered. “You’re way too enthusiastic today.” Sherlock smiled. “You like it, though.” John winked and he gave Sherlock his coat and keys. Sherlock really did love it.
“God, you two are so…” John began, but he didn’t finish his sentence. He stood up and washed his cup.
“Papa!” Rosie said enthusiastically and ran back to her papa for another hug.
Sherlock was in the park with his best friend, like always when the sun was shining. “You know, I like these days. Just chilling in the park. Not thinking about school and stuff.” John said with a smile on his face. His eyes were closed as he was enjoying the sun on his skin. “Me too.” Sherlock said with a smile on his face. “And being here with you, I really love that.” John opened his eyes and looked at Sherlock. “Come ‘ere.” He said, opening his arms. Sherlock laughed and cuddled his best friend. He was laying really comfortable in John’s arms when his phone rang.
“Fair enough.” Sherlock smiled.
“John sir, we have to leave.” one of his comrades said. He kissed Sherlock on the hand and said: “I’ll write you.” Sherlock couldn’t say anything anymore. “I’m really into him.”
“If it takes fighting a war for us to meet, it will have been worth it.” John answered as he kissed Sherlock’s cheek.
One week later and Sherlock was write a letter to John nightly. He swooned over the letters he had got. The last one even said:
“No way.” Sherlock said when he heard the sound of metal on metal. Immediately after they had sent the mail, they had went to the park to look whether the mail had been received. And whether his younger self had listened to him. Mary helped him to take the box. She climbed out of the pothole and opened the box. It was a drawing of a 14 year old boy. You saw the enthusiasm in the drawing, the beautiful smile shined on the paper.
Mary smiled. She must’ve done something good. She looked at the plans of the experiment now. She couldn’t believe her eyes. They really did it! Mary felt her stomach rumble. She should go home and eat something. Mary took her coat and her keys and left the campus, going back to her home in London. She just needed diner from her favourite restaurant.
“Yo, this one’s mine.” Sherlock whispered at his sister.
The park was totally transformed so a wedding could be celebrated. Sherlock didn’t even look at all the people sitting there, waiting for his arrival. The only person Sherlock saw was John. John who was dressed in the same suit he was wearing. The sun fell on John’s face. He was way too gorgeous to be true. He hadn’t doubt a moment when this man had asked him to marry him, he was even planning on proposing himself. Sherlock walked towards John and took his hands in his own. “This is the place I realised I had feelings for you.” Sherlock whispered, waiting for the ceremony to begin. John smiled and wanted to peck Sherlock’s lips, but Sherlock placed finger on John’s lips. “Nope, not before the ceremony, love.” Sherlock grinned and John pouted. Sherlock laughed.
"And then what?" Lestrade asked.  He held up his hand.  "On second thought, don't tell me.  I'll find out soon enough."
The figure was closer.  There were dark brows over the silvery eyes, gloves over the hands at the end of the outstretched arms.  The man was at the edge of the roof.  He looked straight at John, leaned forward and fell.
I choked a bit without having taken a bite of anything.
I looked to the doorway.  The black was absolute.  I hurried into it.  “Sherlock!” I whispered.
Sherlock’s arms arced above his head, crossed and flowed down again.
Shut up.  You started this.  And he’s not so old.  Or is he?  After all these months, what did I actually know?
“And the lady herself?” Holmes prompted.
Sherlock leaned back.  John opened his eyes.  “You’d best come down to my room, then.  I’ve been known to sleepwalk.”
“Can you see what he’s doing?” I gasped.
Above the river, the sky grew pale.  In the east, the air began to blush.
Sherlock continued peering through the camera.  “Or he’s already here,” he murmured.
I was extremely tired and probably somewhat intoxicated.  I finished my wine and sought out my new bed a happy man.
Stop distracting me.  I am hunting now.
“Ah.”
My alarm eased a little.  I could manage what he’d described so far.
John pulled Sherlock’s leg closer, rubbed the arch of his foot over the calf.  “I heard a helicopter.”
“Almost its whole arc will be visible looking south from here,” I said, glancing up at him.
“Possibly,” Sherlock said, “or she could be a competing industrial spy.”
“Kitchen herbs there, botanical poisons there,” Sherlock said, gesturing to the left and right.
Sherlock heard the cheer as he stepped out onto the roof.
“That would definitely be a waste of a collector’s item!”
His dragon was spiralling around his arm down to his elbow and back, his scales aglitter.
There were voices, a laugh.  The bird whistled and warbled.
I glanced out the doors again.  The sky was a bright white and gave no clue as to the slant of the sun.  “Slept late, have I?” I asked, setting the tea cup aside and taking the plate of biscuits.  A few days and I was already addicted to her baking.
"The evidence points in that direction," Sherlock replied.  "The shirt was a helpful clue."
Sherlock's brows furrowed as he gazed at me.  “Most creatures not born there cannot step through,” he explained.
Yeah.
“But you don’t think the ornithological aspect is relevant now?”
I haven’t been asleep for hours.
"One never looks at fire quite the same after one’s first Fire,” she remarked, stacking dishes off to one side of the table and setting out the items on the tray.  “Of course, most of us were very young when we went.  We hardly remember what it was like before.  Different when one’s grown.”
brother, he should, more properly, say,” the man, this Mycroft, said, and extended his hand.  It was palm up, so it didn’t seem he intended a handshake.
I shouldn’t like to experiment with that.
“I could open it again.”  His gaze dropped to my mouth.
Sherlock sensed the drop in temperature, smelled it.
I moaned.
“They’re rare now, the green folk.  And most that remain mingle very little.  I’ve never met one…before.”
I looked from Sherlock to Greg, my brain not yet clear.
“You knew.”  Sherlock glared.  “I’m not a child to be tested, Mycroft.”
“From over there,” Mycroft replied, waving behind him at the dim outline of a villa further along the shore.  “Its occupants have gone off to warmer climes and so has the court.”
She opened her wings.  Wide, wide they were and far blacker than a London night.  She brought them forward, drew them back, then forward again and again.  The sound echoed across the river.  She rose from the water.”
His fingers tightened.  “Despite my very recent demonstrations of affection?”
I had the strength to raise my eyebrows.
In the meantime, I tested the tension of the string and finding it satisfactory nocked the arrow.  My shoulder complained again, but I held steady and let the arrow fly.
I released my knees, let my arms hang limply by my legs.  Tears were trickling down my cheeks.  “And the other bloke?” I managed to enquire.  Despite my desire to do so, I could not make any sound that resembled a laugh.
The tears wouldn’t stop.  The warmth of Sherlock’s hand on my neck seemed to make it worse.
I blinked the image away and walked closer to him.
“Yes,” I said, “they were trying to get away.”
“Good?”
“Not here,” he murmured.  “We need to go deep.”
Mycroft took a deep breath.  “Puck seems to have come up with a way round my modifications.”
I gaped wide-eyed, pointed at the gate in the wall then at the bird.  My eyes narrowed as I considered the wounds on Sherlock’s cheek.
“Oh,” Mrs Hudson said, looking at the photo of the woman and John at a cosy table with a lit candle on it.  “If you
“Drink first, then,” John said.
I heard the slide of a trombone.
“Sherlock?”
No, no I couldn’t.
He laughed.  “I’ve distilled an excellent perfume.”  The apparatus on the ledge burbled as if it had been waiting for a cue.  “And I’m afraid their intent has little to do with whether we are sweet or pungent.”
“Past Willow Bend, are the springs that give rise to the river you know as the Fleet.”
The moon was sinking behind the rooftops as we paraded down Baker Street.  There was no one else on the footpath and only two taxis passed us with their lights off.  I hoped their passengers were too occupied to stare out the window and that the cabbies had had their eyes on the road.
I nodded.
“Where are they going?”  The minute I asked the question, I knew the answer.
The image cleared.  The swan stood on the balcony.
, “-et, red cap,”
“But is it enough for that?” John asked.
It was clear as day, with a sign and everything.  I considered.  Had she been unsure if I could see it?
“One that doesn’t fly about a theatre that has no roof,” Mycroft replied.  “’Inexplicable stagecraft wizardry’, ‘Midsummer magic stronger in the autumn’, ‘An evening of enchantment’, or words to that effect headlined the media coverage, which was far more extensive than a post-season charity performance should have garnered.  You will note a certain trend in their word choices.”
I smiled at the please, extracted two from the box and stepped closer to hand them over.  “Not everyone has the world’s only consulting detective to help them find the facts,” I pointed out and got two more of the jet-tipped pins ready.  I glanced back at the side of the monument next to me.  “Ooh,” I uttered on a long exhalation.  I picked up the cloth and saw more.  “Five before Roderick and Madeline, one a year after.  Their parents must have been in mourning for most of their marriage.”
I reached out for it and she let me have it.  It was round.  My hands reached the whole way around it exactly.  There were small bumps in its surface.  I could feel them against my palms.
“I suppose,” I replied.  “They’re the barest outlines of a life.  They want filling in.”
Sherlock drew several coins out of his pocket, placing three tuppence coins and two pennies on the man's palm.
It was my turn to smile.  I drank more.  “No wonder the ballroom is so full.  I’d come a long way just to taste this.”
“Is that a hint?” I asked.
“I note that hunger doesn’t override your other appetites,” he murmured against my lips.
I leaned heavily against the tree trunk, put my hand out to further steady myself.
Sherlock’s head fell against John’s shoulder.  John panted into Sherlock's hair.
Nevertheless, I followed. Turning sideways to slip behind the chest-high urn that I had clearly seen touching the pillar supporting the balustrade moments before.  Thus, we progressed, from urn to urn, until we were close to the east side of the steps leading down to the river landing.  Sherlock placed a hand on the balustrade’s rail and hopped atop it, swivelling in a crouch, then easing down until he sat straddling it.  He curled his fingers at me.
“Essentially, yes,” he said and took a sip of my tea.  “The funeral of William Pitt the Younger.”
John squinted at him.  Sherlock usually loved to show off what he had deduced.
His answer took my breath away.  Despite the heat, I reached out until my fingers touched his back.  I stroked down his spine, the names of the vertebrae echoing in my head.  “I didn’t know I could call you,” I whispered.  “I didn’t even know for sure that you were real.”
I pressed my lips together.  Those thoughts needed to stay in my head.
“With facts,” Sherlock said.  “Two, please.”
“But he wasn’t able to prevent the execution?” I asked and immediately regretted it.  “Oh, I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked.”
There was the series with the veins and arteries twined around his hand, disappearing into the flesh of his arm and neck, his face serene above the onslaught.  I dream sometimes about those pictures, about the veins encompassing him totally, like ivy on a tree, tapping into him in all the warm places.  I dared not draw those.  Their intent was somewhat alarming and yet the temptation was always there.  I was grateful I hadn’t succumbed to it now.
“He had to up his game.  Smiling from a distance just wasn’t going to cut it,” John said.
“I think…you’ve been preparing me to protect myself, not to help protect you,” I said and the danger connected to wearing the band became clear.  “There’s a small chance you won’t be able to defend yourself and I’d be a celibate man for the rest of my life because you wouldn’t be around to help me unlock the band.”
Mycroft held the cup higher.  The berry pulp was sizzling in the bowl.
“From this distance, he looks identical.”
That tone would have got him in so much trouble in the military.
“You felt it,” he replied.  “You’re getting much better at listening to what it is you feel.”
Sherlock’s eyes stayed on his book.  “What did he tell you?”
I had the oddest impression that I could see the dial of a clock reflected in one of his eyes, the one that was not completely hidden by the shadows.  I glanced about the courtyard; I could not see a clock embedded in its walls.
“Can I stay tonight?” John asked.
“And your blood is very strong,” he said.
“Oh, they all know who you are, John.  That’s why they’d like to know your names.”
He does have presence, no doubt about that.
He shook his head.
“Who’s going to be at this ball, then?  Hydra, golems?”
“As you like,” John murmured, tossing the towel away.  He replaced it with a questing hand.
John considered the words, felt the warmth of Sherlock's skin against one cheek, the chill of the salt spray against the other.  “I would not die?” he asked.
It had taken two serpents to kill it.
I couldn’t see to shade properly any longer.  I turned on the desk lamp.  There was my heart, at the centre of its bright circle, in tones of light and dark blue, pink and red, lavender and purple.  For all that I had been aiming at a diagram, it looked as though it might beat.  That would have been messy because its veins and arteries were open-ended.
I held my hand steady and thought of bonfires roaring towards November skies, flames darting between orange, glowing branches spewing sparks as they cracked and surrendered, beckoning me to join them in the white gold heart of the blaze.  I had always wanted to step forwards, but had always stepped back, destined to watch from a safer distance as autumn air cooled my scorched cheeks and leeched the warmth from my bones.
“I got in the way and the squirrel made his escape up the tree over there, then I knelt down, opened my arms and told him he was a good boy.  With his quarry gone, a new friend was an appealing consolation prize.”  Sherlock replied, scratching behind the dog’s other ear.
"And you're the antidote."
He didn’t reply at first.  His grip on my arm loosened, but he didn’t let go.
The image was strong.
“Your hostess’s perfume?”
When I looked back at her, she was smiling.
“Blood type doesn’t matter,” he insisted.  “Hurry.  I can’t wait much longer.”
My guess was that I was in a music room.
I saw my eyes open wide in the glass.
I opened my eyes.
To rise again like a phoenix?
I glanced at Sherlock and he looked away from the river to me.  “That’s what it is now.  One of a string of them.”  A faint smile curved his lips, but didn’t brighten his eyes.  “You know where you are, then.”
“Ah,” I said.
He shifted up onto my chest and curled his hand around the back of my neck.  “I can do better than that,” he said.
“No, wait.  Look!”
Little he can do surprises me.
I glanced at Holmes.  His back was very straight and his eyes unusually wide as he stared at me.
“Keep your eyes on the fire,” he whispered.
I held the torch aloft and let my eyes adjust once more.
John snapped it open and looked through the opera glass-sized lenses.  He whistled.  “These are powerful.”
Holmes gummed the top of the empty notebook page and pressed his clipping into place with his fingertips. The sunlight played over him as he moved, glinting in his hair, brightening his brow, casting a shadow that hid his eyes.
Sherlock sat down beside me, his hand still tracing lines and curves across my back.  “The ones above your ears are rather close.”
John dropped his clothes into the basket outside the bathroom, turned towards his bed, dressing gown loose.  He did not tie it.
Sherlock swayed slightly, even though he was sitting back on his heels.  I placed my hand on his head.  His hair was damp.  Quickly, I stepped a quarter of the way round him and back to the rim of the circle.  I had three lines.  Why they were important, I didn’t know, but they were.  I retraced my designs again.  They glowed brighter, bleeding slightly into Sherlock’s lines, where they crossed.  I danced barbs along another quarter of the border and headed back to him, a fourth straight line.
“I will walk you out,” Holmes said to Corvus.
“Her hands were very soft,” I said aloud, “and she knew our names.  At least no one contradicted her.”  I extended my hand as though to mime our greeting.  “She was motherly, grandmotherly even.  Perhaps in her fifties.  Her hair was light grey and done up with small, silver combs.  Nothing ostentatious.  Demure, I’d say.” I felt my fingertips at my temple.  “But her dress was different.  It was a robe, two robes actually, one of heavier cloth, embroidered wool, I think, over a garment of a lighter fabric, silk probably.  The outer robe was also light grey, like morning mist, and the other turquoise that showed at the neck and on her forearms when the fuller, outer sleeves fell back if she gestured.”
“I can’t think how she managed with the others, some mysteries elude even me,” he said, “but with regard to my not being dead the only rational explanation that presents itself is that she was either a confederate of Moriarty and Moran's or knew someone who was.  I suspect that she was thoroughly aware of our connection.”
Closer inspection of the gallery’s supports left me no wiser and the diminished light underneath it was hindering my investigation.  I resorted to touch again, sensitive fingers being an important diagnostic tool.  I ran my hands over the contours of the tree and felt a spot smoother than the rest of the surface.  I pressed and smiled when I heard the snick of a latch.  The door popped open a centimetre or two.  I eased it the rest of the way open and huffed in disappointment at the folded music stands and chairs I found inside.
“No,” Sherlock said, with a quick glance at Ms Swann’s progress over the bridge.  “I’m still going to ask her if she’d like to withdraw…but after we see the lab report.”
Looking down on those dark curls, sliding my hands through the silk of them as he drank his fill.
He raised his arms higher.
Sherlock got up onto his knees, lifted one leg and then the other over the root and over my legs until he was in front of me.
blasting from the radio.
John breathed more easily.  He rubbed his face against Sherlock's hair and sighed.  “You aren't mortal,” he concluded.
Holmes nodded gently, but didn’t say a word.
“Those that died at home were no doubt interred there, but as members of the family sometimes succumbed while fulfilling duties or pursuing interests in London, and, as you remark, the journey home would have been a long one, they also had a crypt here and kept a record in stone in that place of those that had died elsewhere,” Holmes added.
The library looked hollow by daylight.  The hearth was cold, the shadows less substantial.  Beyond the windows, the clouds were thinning, but not enough to show any blue.
An image of someone else holding Sherlock’s head down as I was made me choke.   It took me a moment to find my voice again.  “And they cannot have you.”
Fortunately, he remained absorbed in his phone, thumb swiping the screen, eyes scanning whatever was revealed there.  He probably didn’t need to read the open book I was certain I was, standing there thinking that I could have used my cane just then for the first time in years.
“Mrs Hudson?” John called through the half-open door.  “I got the milk you needed.”
“The stitchers,” he said.  “He gave them strict orders, but they can be too enthusiastic sometimes, especially if they haven’t had any task but mending in a long while.”
I put it round my neck, unfastened, and looked over at him.  In the low light, his pallor had taken on a blue cast.  I had never seen him wear any metal that wasn’t silvery.  The first dagger he’d given me was silver.  It needed polishing every new moon.
“Me, too,” I said.
I shifted towards the edge of my seat and he patted my knee.
“Really!” John exclaimed.
I lifted my face to the green light falling through the leaves.
Eyes wide, I watched it hover near his shoulder.  A triangle I had assumed was an ornament, held one side of the cap’s rim against the other.  The cap itself bulged with its contents.
"Yes," he said, tilting his head and squinting at me.  “We must practice with the swords, but we need to feed you first.  Your blood sugar is dropping.”
Will you stop!  No one left me behind.  I’m not a child, or a puppy.  I can find my own way.
Wiggins shook a box, slid it opened, then snapped it shut.  He looked towards me, but above my head.
John shrugged.  “If Greg hadn’t brought that video over, maybe I wouldn’t have been.”
There was a quick rap at the door.
The frescoes from the Egyptian tombs at the British Museum sprang to mind.  I pictured a procession of ancient musicians accompanying the airs of Holmes’s violin.  He must have missed it while he was away, but perhaps he had a substitute to wile away the hours as he waited for one of Moriarty’s cadre to fall into his traps.  The notion that he could have had substitutes for me as well flitted leather-winged through my mind.
Lestrade looked up at Sherlock.  "Even if someone had them frozen for decades, we should have found some record of at least one of them."
“Oh,” I said softly.
We would drink then from his flask and I would catch my breath while Sherlock studied the other dancers in the mirrors and smiled distantly to the greetings that were bestowed on him and after brief glances of curiosity, on me.
“I wouldn’t know,” I replied.
~~~~~~o0o~~~~~~
“It will be tedious.  Your tasks always are,” Sherlock complained.
Holmes stood.  “If it can be known, Mr Corvus.  With the house gone, the bodies gone, the personal papers gone, we will not have much to go on.”
“You can tell me,” John said quietly.
She went back to her seat, keeping her eye on me as she went.
She stared for a moment.  “Wait for me.”
John banged on the window of Speedy’s and dashed behind the counter as soon as Mr Chatterjee unlocked the door.
Sherlock gripped my shoulder.  “I see the idea appeals to you, but I’d rather not have to fish you out of it.”
It was a lovely view.  The clay was dripping down his arms and legs, leaving wet tracks that glimmered in the silvery light.  I looked about.  There was the small table with a tea tray, my moon blade waiting beside it.  The candle had burnt away, as had the ones in the sconces on the walls.  In their places, white orbs glowed, like so many miniature moons.  They bleached the colours from things.
I pressed down harder on the flat, metal strip along the top of the lid.  The wax was thickest there.  The cotton wool kept snagging on something beneath it, but I kept at it, slowly and carefully, and bit by bit a row of symbols along the top of the lid became visible.
I wasn’t scowling at it.
“Take a cap and a scarf and your gloves.  You may well be warm enough walking up, but coming back after dawn, you’ll be wanting them,” Mrs Hudson said, handing me the items one by one and keeping a sharp eye on me until I’d stuffed them all in my pockets, except the scarf, which I’d hung about my neck.
I clapped, sound rising up to meet the music drifting down, and in front of Sherlock’s cloak, a hand appeared, slim as a crescent moon, swaying to the music like a miniature dancer.
Sherlock leaned far forward, the crown of his head nearly touching my knees.
“No one I chose survived, Mr Holmes.  Not a one, and you won’t either.  Try to resist as you might, I’ll leave with what I came here to collect tonight.  You may not want to come with me, but you’ll come all the same.  You have no choice; it got past all your defences and it’s in your blood now.”
The light dimmed.  Dark clouds glowered in front of the moon.  A few, large raindrops hit the bottom of the boat.
“A front view would have been ideal, but this is more than adequate for our purposes.”
“Well, I…”
Culvert pursed his lips.  “I’ll kill them, too, then.”
Interesting as the information she had shared was, it didn’t explain the extra storeys.
With his extended fingertips, he eased the ootheca forward into the sack.  “It appears to still be closed,” he said.
I spared a quick look, but Mycroft was as I had already seen and I didn’t really care whether he was a centimetre off the floor or a kilometre.  My eyes returned to Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock sat and unshipped a pair of oars.
“Doctor Watson,” Mrs Hudson called.
She took my arm and we made our way down the path between the beds of herbs and flowers that led to the hall door.
He seemed unbalanced by the motion.  He righted himself again, his coat flapping open for a moment in the process.
I swallowed and swallowed, my finger curling inside him with each pulse.  My other arm grasped more firmly about his hip, steadied him as his muscles unwound.  I eased away, kissed his stomach, stroked his thigh.  I took half a step back.
I swayed as my vision cleared.  I took a deep breath, lowered my soothed hand, and stepped closer to the door.
Mycroft sighed, resting his hands and the box on the table.  “Why do you need favours, Sherlock?  You rarely ask for my help and when you do, I accede to most of your requests willingly.”
Never heard of one like this.
He wondered if he was dying.  He had always thought it would be a gun.
“You think all the birds are his wingmen?” Sherlock asked, laughing.
And Molly sang in a tongue I did not understand.
“There we were, in the pleasant parlour of an eccentric stranger. Madame Willow explained to us that it was her older sister, Agnes, who acted as her spirit guide, a sister who had died at fifteen when they had both had scarlet fever.  She claimed that in her feverish dreams she had felt her sister drifting away from her and that she had reached out and clung to her with all the tenacity a stubborn, younger sibling could muster.  Her sister had insisted that she could not stay, but promised that she’d always come back if her dear Annabelle called her.  Madame Willow claimed that Agnes always had, although it had been years before she had shared that fact with anyone else.  Then, while we were all digesting that information, Madame Willow asked us to hold hands and we had, like obedient school children, complied.  She was very convincing.
I found another little tart as well and examined it.  The pastry had the shape of an acorn on top.  I’d eaten the other too quickly to notice any detail.  Visual inspection complete, I devoured it.
“What about this?” he asked, holding up a small harp.
“Good thinking, Corporal.  Lead on.”
My vision sharpened when I saw the back of his shirt.  I let the garments fall to the floor and guided him into one of the desk chairs I had brought.  He sat heavily in it and I lifted his feet into the other.  I removed his shoes, kicked them under the chair and scooped up his other garments and dropped them over a lab stool.
Sherlock looked down, blinking.
“The key to the box under there,” I replied, pointing to a tented page of newspaper on the seat of the chair.
“Down to the scar,” he murmured, eye huge above the glass.
Shut the fuck up.
We rounded a spur of land.  I could see that Sherlock's strokes were guiding us away from the shore that the tide sought to beach us upon.  Dark shapes dotted the banks, throwing wavering shadows across the water.  Whether they were natural or artificial features, I could not tell.
Something cold slithered past my hand.  It was on the hilt of my sword in an instant, sliding the blade from its sheath.  An inky shadow reached into the boat, narrow and questing; its tip tilted upwards as though to scent the air.  It curled towards Sherlock's leg.  My sword hit the edge of the boat's side.  Something heavy fell into the bottom of the boat; the water by its side foamed, redder now.
“Wait,” Sherlock whispered, his hand landing on John’s shoulder and pushing him back down.  “Keep filming.  I think this will be our evidence.”  He patted John’s jacket pocket where his gun was stowed.  “You could shoot from here, if necessary.”
He dropped the coins into his jacket pocket, stepped onto the gunwale and scaled the makeshift ladder to the dock.
It buzzed between us.
His brow smoothed and he struck the metal again.  “He knew I was making a surprise,” Sherlock said.  “His methods are severe.”
Another horse neighed and I turned to find it.
“Does she know about the Manor?” I asked as I followed Mrs Hudson between the trees.  She seemed to be following a path that I couldn’t see.
~~~~~~o0o~~~~~~
I looked up at him.
Carriages at dawn.  My brows went up.
“I don’t have any shifts scheduled for a few days.  I’m sure I can arrange something for the later ones I’ve already agreed to.”  It would have been nice to have been asked first, I suppose, but why would he ask when he knows that where I want to be is with him?  His expression brightened somewhat, but he kept his eye on me when he resumed speaking.
Ms Swann nodded.
I felt my way forward with my toes, hands out by my side.  A couple steps brought me to more stairs.  Up I climbed, past a westward window that lit the curve of the stone steps for a few paces, then it was just my hand on the rail carved into the wall of the tower that guided me.
I winced at the pressure of the moon gold band.
My brilliant, proud, supernatural being.
The pictures hadn’t spoken to me yet, but the voice was as accurate a reproduction as the images.
“If you want to know about more than my appearance, it will take time,” Sherlock said.
"That was extraordinary," I said.  "Quite extraordinary."
I liked his hair untamed, a preference of which Holmes was aware.  Although today, it did not seem to be a summons to run my fingers through it and massage his scalp in a manner that results in an almost boneless relaxation of his wiry frame.  He has complimented me on this skilful adaptation of my medical knowledge.  I have not told him I learnt it of a barber in Kandahar.  Alas, I concluded that his dishabille meant no more than that he planned to spend the day in scientific pursuits at home and that he was oblivious to what I might be dreaming of doing.
I winced at the sight.
“He never stopped to sit on the benches,” Sherlock asked.
Baskerville backed further away, his teeth bared.
“But did you?” Mycroft asked.
I looked up.
“What?”
“You may rearrange me as you like,” Sherlock said, without looking up.
“Right.”  I unclenched my fingers enough to look at my catch.
A bird trilled.  A twig snapped.  I took a step further behind the tree upon which I leaned.
“She remembered to ask you about the willow?” Sherlock interrupted.
Molly relieved me of the food and wine I held out to her.
I glanced up and down the road.  I had not thought I had so many memories of this one street, but they were rushing at me thick and fast now, my very own ghosts.
“I would have preferred to have you with me,” he said, his limbs closing around my back and legs.
"On the way to the museum.  Search articles by Willoughby and Swann's pop up as well."
“If you had arrived too late in Afghanistan, would you have brought me here?”
“Why?” I asked and my voice went up at the end of the syllable.  I bent double, rested my jaw on the edge of one knee and tried to breathe through it.  My back was aflame.  Under one arm, it felt as though a bite had been taken out of the muscle.  My bullet wound was the only experience that was remotely analogous.  I hoped I would not vomit on Sherlock’s feet.
I hummed in reply and touched the tip of my tongue to that delicate join where his lips come together.
Baskerville bounded past me into the brightly-lit hallway.
As large as Mrs Hudson had described the house as being, I thought it must be confining for such a big animal.  To my chagrin, no sooner had I had the thought than I expressed it.
Sherlock looked at me.
Kit began to sing, but it wasn’t in English.
Fucker stepped off the landing, cloak spreading out on the water behind him.  It came up to his waist.  He continued to clap, walking slowly towards us, spectacles gleaming, arms raised higher as the water rose to his chest.
“The son had no children.”
Seated before the hearth on a footstool, Mrs Hudson was busily hanging thick metal rods on an iron circlet.
The faun’s window.
“What is this exactly?” I dropped my dressing gown on a cushion and unfolded the cloth.  It was light and soft.  Linen, most likely, the shade of green like that of willow leaves.  The single gold line that embellished its borders had an occasional leaf on it.  It was the soul of simplicity compared to the garments I’d worn to the ball.
Chapter 6 prompts:  #12 and #14 (Visiting and Hope)
“My word choice was what you found notable in what I just said?” I asked.
I frowned.
“So that’s what the songs have been for?” I murmured.
John raised an eyebrow, but kept his eyes on his notebook.  He thought Sherlock was really embracing this role, but then, Sherlock liked role-playing.
For seven years long;
“If that was a demonstration, I’m afraid I’m not up to the game,” I said, feeling a bit foolish for not having brought a ball or something that he might fetch.  I had not thought to ask anyone, but I was beginning to think that despite his size, Baskerville was a rather young dog.  I cast about for an alternative.  The fragrant, newly-mown grass was free of windblown debris, but away to the left there was a small stand of trees and I hoped a dead branch might be found beneath them.
Sherlock hadn’t heard John for almost a week. He had cried himself to sleep since the day he had yelled at his best friend. That fucking jealousy would kill him one day! It was the day John would leave with Mary for a short holiday. He didn’t know when they had to take the plane exactly, but he decided to send John a message.
Second chapter of the day, because it's a short one
Mary, Sherlock.” John said. “Please, John, stop talking.” Sherlock said, feeling like someone stabbed his heart with every word John said. “I really want to stay friends, I can’t live without you.” Sherlock said. “But you can’t say things like that, that hurts too much.” He said honestly. “I’m sorry.” John said again. “Everything alright?” Mary asked when she entered the room. “You’re okay with it if I’d throw you out now? I don’t feel so well.” Sherlock said. “You want me to take care of you?” John asked. Sherlock shrugged. “No, go with your girlfriend. With just an afternoon of sleep, I’ll be okay.” He said. Sherlock kissed both of them on the cheek and let them out. After he was sure they were gone, he took his keys and he left his home for the university.
It was Sherlock’s 15th birthday. John had bought him a Chelsea shirt and they were playing football in the park. “Johnny! Come on! Don’t be such a pussy!” Sherlock teased. John laughed and jumped on Sherlock’s back, causing Sherlock to fall. They wrestled until John was on top. “I’m not a pussy.” He said, trying to be serious. Sherlock grinned. He loved those crazy afternoons with his best friend. John made him feel loved, made him feel at home. Some would say he was in love with his best friend, but he didn’t want to think like that. “Come on, let’s play.” John said, standing up. He offered Sherlock his hand and pulled him on his feet. Sherlock took the ball and wanted to pass it to John, but his phone beeped. “It’s a mail from Misty.” Sherlock smiled. John sat down again with the ball in between his legs.
"221C Baker Street. Now."
John was jumpy. The engagement ring on his finger felt unfamiliar and foreign. It had been presented to him almost a week ago, and yet he still felt uncomfortable, he was wearing his feelings in something he had been forbidden to take off, by a man he was supposedly engaged to, that didn't know he had forced John to be exposed in that way. It was a charming piece, a silver band with a purple stone John had not yet been able to identify. Sherlock wore a matching one, and it made John's heart thrill everytime he saw it. It proclaimed that Sherlock belonged to him. Even if it was a lie, it was a rather delightful fantasy.
With that Sherlock was up. John was missing. By three days? More than a bit not good. Lestrade stopped Sherlock before he got to the door.
"Mummy, I'm going to escort John home. He's had too much to drink and I fear he may be under one of your tables if we stay longer."
"Good God Sherlock! I was in the loo!" Sherlock whirls to see John standing there, decidedly not gone. Sherlock relaxes, but only slightly. John is standing uncomfortably against the wall, and refuses to look at him. John is trying to avoid the topic of last night. Why? Is it because he regrets it? Or didn't enjoy it? Sherlock's stomach drops. He thinks over the events of the previous night. Sherlock hadn't asked for consent. That was the most important part of sex and he'd forgotten it. He'd effectively raped John. John hadn't stopped him, but that didn't mean he agreed either. Sherlock dropped his head into his hands.
Devil on my shoulder: smut!
"Stay here Mrs. Hudson."
"Sherlock, it can't happen again. It's a game to you and I can't stand being played with. Sentiment, as always is the problem." Sherlock proceeded to act decidedly unSherlockish. He snatched the note, crumpled it up, and uncrumpled it, hoping that the procedure had changed the message on the note. It hadn't. Sherlock toppled to his side and curled into a ball. This could not be happening. This was what he was afraid of. He'd lost John! Nothing had happened last night! He'd brought a passed out John home, undressed him and put him to bed. He'd wanted John to think something had happened! He had wanted an actual relationship to form, and as quickly as possible! He'd only been trying to hurry it along! But now it was ruined.
Sherlock and John dance, interesting things are said.
"Lockable, descreet, and practical. The cliché is cliché for a reason. Though I assume if I desired I could have..."
"Let me see." It barely came out, a broken plea from someone so far gone that reason had been replaced with lust. Sherlock turned around, showing John his fingers working himself open. Sherlock slicked John with one hand, and Sherlock lined them up. "No." John's voice was hoarse. Sherlock looked back at him, fear in his eyes. John turned Sherlock around, and then pushed into him. "Like this. I want to see you." Sherlock fucked himself on John's cock, seating himself against John's thighs and then pulling away until only the tip was in. Sherlock adjusted the angle, and moaned John's name. John came from the sound, without enough warning to tell Sherlock to pull off. Sherlock jacked himself off, John's softening, over sensitive cock still in his arse. Sherlock's semen splattered over John's stomach, and Sherlock pulled off of John. Sherlock leaned forward, making eye contact for a second, and then lapped at John's chest, cleaning it. John made like his was going to move, and Sherlock bit down on John's pectoral muscle. Sherlock crawled up John lazily, pushed John's trousers and pants the rest of the way off, and wrapped himself around John. John let himself fall asleep in the detective's arms. They would have to talk. Discuss things. But that could wait. Why not just enjoy a few precious hours? If this was his last time with Sherlock, as it may be considering he'd just gone on a date with Ricard, he wanted to enjoy it, every second.
"Christ Sherlock!" John ran into the room, sounding as if to scold him for making so much noise. Instead John stopped in his tracks, and then hurried to Sherlock's side. Sherlock felt John clear glass carefully away from him, and then felt John lift his arm and check his pulse. John then checked for breathing and carefully checked for spinal or neck injury. Having discerned no injuries were to be had, John got Sherlock away from the cupboard, and lay him on his side. Sherlock continued feigning unconciousness.
Mycroft, Lestrade and John lost their Sherl. They try and find.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock finally admits it!!
"John's in the hospital and I'm here talking to the police instead of being by his side!"
John had needed to get out. Mycroft and Lestrade had been yelling at eachother, and John had gotten sick of it. He'd advised, in a very loud voice, that the two "Get a room!" and stormed out of the flat. That's when he'd found, nearly run into really, a man twitching, and violently so. The man's form was emaciated, and his bare forearms showed needle scars and many red welts and broken capillaries from scratching at the welts. The man's eyes sat deep in hollows, and his pupils were pin pricks. He was looking for a fix. John dropped back and followed the man with a bit of distance. He turned several corners, and ducked into an abandoned, condemned building. John followed. The drug den was too clean to have been there long. Forms lay on piles of rags. John walked through the building, looking at faces, searching. A figure ran at him from one end of the hallway. John dodged him, falling over a nearly comatose man on the floor to avoid the running man. The man John landed on opened his eyes. The eyes snapped to a half focus, and the man sat up, looking at John.
John was in a dark room, smelling of wet carpet and trash. A door opened, and a light flicked on. John was momentarily blinded by the harsh light. He'd been bound to something, but allowed to sit.
"I did tell you."
"No."
"I owe you one as you well know."
|~~|~~|
"Just when we're you going to tell me I was dating a serial killer?" John shouted.
"Of course I am. You look sexy, and it will take you long enough to get out of it that you won't be able to follow me."
"Everyone dies in the end. They each die according to the nursery rhyme '10 little soldier boys'. The first chokes, the second dies in their sleep and so on."
"John." John turned and entered the living room. Sherlock's planned questions flew from his head. This was not a time to think! This was a time to act! He slipped to his feet and was across the room, one hand on the back of John's neck, the other cradling the side of his face as Sherlock kissed him. Sherlock kissed along John's jaw until reaching his ear.
(See the end of the chapter for
John went downstairs hours later. Sherlock was asleep on the couch, his usually calculating face childish in slumber. The flat was cold, the winter outside making the windows frost over and the walls creak. Absent-mindly John spread a blanket carefully over Sherlock. He went back upstairs, crawling into bed, though he knew it would be a relatively sleepless night. It hit him then. And he was amazed he hadn't seen it. He was in love with Sherlock Holmes.
"It has to be you. Who else could stand me for that long." John blinked, almost flattered at the mention of his long suffering state. "No milk?" Sherlock asked. John flinched.
(See the end of the chapter for
John.
"John." Sherlock manages to choke.
"Sure." The doctor opened the door, and the bed in the center was empty. The IV dripped liquid on the ground and the window was open. A vase of flowers sat on the table.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
"Brother dear, that's hardly something you'd usually like to be indebted to me for."
"Apply my methods." Sherlock whispered.
John is found. Sherlock acts unsherlocky.
"Sherlock," John asked, dashing up the stairs after him. "Why are you reacting this way?" They entered the flat and Sherlock slammed John against a wall. He pinned the smaller man there, searching his face for a sign. John's eyes dilated. There it was. Sherlock dropped his voice and leaned down to whisper in John's ear.
"Moriarty's disappeared." There was a long pause, and Sherlock spoke again. "When I woke up and you weren't here, I thought you might have died, been taken again, or left because you..." another pause, "because I wasn't enough." Sherlock struggled with the words, and John was reminded that this wasn't his area. He had never spoken of feelings before, not like this. A nurse came in, and Sherlock bombarded her with questions. She told him that John's injuries didn't advance to broken bones, and that he would be able you go home later today. John closed his eyes, and wondered what would happen when they got home. How things would go, now that Sherlock seemed to be losing his grip on his feelings.
"Where is he?" There was a nurse's much quieter voice and Sherlock said something sharp to her.
Huh. The last note was coherent. Odd. You may think I'm halfway sane now, and we can't have that.
"What?"
"What are you doing?"
Lestrade groaned loudly. "Sherlock. I need to know the name of the serial killer John was dating." Both Sherlock and John turned sharply to look at Lestrade. "Janet Black. The bodies are buried in her landlord's backyard at 426..." Sherlock continued on with the description, finally telling Lestrade to hurry, that she'd be leaving the country in exactly an hour. Lestrade swore and ran to apprehend her, leaving John and Sherlock alone in the room. They caught a cab home, Sherlock thinking and John stalwartly ignoring his presence. John stormed upstairs before Sherlock, slamming the door to the flat behind him. John retreated to his room, not wanting to see Sherlock now, much less talk to him.
"Because I could have died!"
"There's a cab outside waiting to take you to Bart's." Sherlock was out the door before Lestrade finished his sentence.
|~~|~~|
Sorry it took so long to update! I've been aganizing over this chapter for the longest time!
"Stop talking now. I'm not sure I really want to know." John sounded resigned. Truthfully Sherlock was doing no such cataloging. He wasn't even doing a real experiment. He was up on the ladder, because he needed to fall. Sherlock waited until Joh went into the next room. He had purposely placed the ladder on some uneven floorboards. His fall was planned. He had diluted one eye already, he knew how to play the role. Sherlock scurried down the ladder, kicked it over, dropped a full box to bulbs and lay down with his head propped uncomfortably against the cabinet.
"221B Baker Street." Lestrade was sitting beside him.
|~~|~~|
Sorry I havn't updated in a while.
Logical part of my brain: John should put him to bed, have a strict conversation with him in the morning...
"When I found him he was curled into a ball where Mrs. Hudson said he'd been since you left. He was reading and rereading two notes, and muttering something about loving you." John nodded silently, and sat thinking, until the detective inspector left. Sherlock was still asleep when the nurse came. She said they needed to X-ray him to see if the beating he'd taken had cracked a rib. A few minutes into the x-ray a roar came from outside.
|~~|~~|
Don't mind me. I'm just playing with the point of view.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I've lost track." Lestrade huffed. John was at Bart's and Sherlock was itching to follow him there. Moriarty was there too, getting treated for a fractured skull, two breaks in his collar bone, a broken cheekbone, a major concussion, two broken ribs a broken arm, a broken leg, massive internal bleeding, and many brusies. All of which he deserved. In Sherlock's opinion. John had been beaten, and his torso was a bloody pulp. Sherlock twitched where he stood, itching to be at John's side, and not talking to Lestrade.
"No you aren't."
Do I have a good excuse? No. No I don't. Uh, hi? It's been a year. You look good! Why did I come back to this you ask? Because I felt like it. I also recently discovered I'm about as straight as a rainbow, so I've been dealing with that. I cannot promise another chapter. Sorry. KImGonnaGoMakeOutWithMyGFBye
The game, was on. Mummy greeted Sherlock and John at the door, she'd already had a glass of champagne, obvious from the scent of Dom Pérignon on her breath.
"What do you want?"
John talks Sherlock is forced to listen.
"I already do."
A loud crash greeted John as he arrived as 221B. He rushed upstairs. A shouting match was ensuing in the flat. "No!" "I told you! You will go! And you will have a date on your arm! That's final!" Mycroft rushed past John on the stairs, not even acknowledging his existence. What was going on here? John stepped over a broken mug into the flat.
Sherlock smiled to himself. John's body was relaxed, he was asleep. Sure, it was a low blow suggesting feelings in the middle of the night, when he knew John would only have a vague memory of in the morning. But, he assumed he had to start somewhere. And how could he make John admit his feelings without some gentle persuasion. Sherlock couldn't be the first to mention it. John would get defensive, or avoid him. There was no going about it from any other way than indirectly making John confess. It was proving to be harder than Sherlock had thought. Multiple hugs a day hadn't worked. Neither had small touches nearing on caresses. It was time to add a new tactic to help the old. Mummy's party was weeks away. Sherlock couldn't remember the exact day, he'd deleted it to remember John favorite colors, shoe size, and favorite foods. He could ask Mycroft. But that would include a lengthy conversation about how making John confess was going. Best just to wait until the formal invitation arrived.
Sherlock sprawls out on his bed, thinking. Had his libido ruined everything? What if John moved out? Had he been as awful as he felt? He emerged from his stupor to see John leaning over him. John put his hands behind Sherlock's head, and tied the gag (necktie) in place. Sherlock was spread eagle on his back, limbs bound to each of the four bedposts.
Hello my lovelies! We have reached the porn, because in truth that is all this chapter is. I'm sorry this took longer than expected, I was traveling and had it all written, and then it didn't save and I had to rewrite half of it. Urg. Anyways! The next chapter should be up soon! 'Til then!
My phone corrected champagne to milk 4 times. Apparently it disapproves of alcohol.
"We removed the shrapnel from the back of his head and bandaged the arm, but he still has a major concussion and we're keeping him sedated."
Sherlock retrieved a ladder, and began dropping light bulbs off of it onto the floor. John came into the flat, and stared, as Sherlock dropped 5 more bulbs off the ladder.
"I love you." John had barely whispered it. Sherlock kept humming for a while, and then spoke, ever so quietly.
"What kind?"
"God no."
"That's getting a bit scary now." John noted. They arrived at Baker Street, and John paid the cabbie as Sherlock unlocked the door. John joined him in the entranceway and Sherlock closed the door, emotions in turmoil.
"Greg?"
"John, I've loved you for two years. I never left. Why did you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"But the case!"
"I'm not avoiding you. I'm going to bed."
"You kill me and you will never find John."
"I'll be right behind." Sherlock dashed through the party goers, looking for his John. John. He corrected his thought. No one had seen him. One of the doors was open to the street, and Sherlock stuck his head out. John stood against the wall, a man pressed up next to him, they were touching from thigh to shoulder. Sherlock's blood boiled. Who dared touch John? John was his! Sherlock shook himself. That was a dangerous emotional outburst. He needed to keep himself under control. He could not scare John off.
Please don't kill me. I thought it'd be cool.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Stop talking now." John said. Sherlock pouted, and John's alcohol muddled mind decided the taking things slowly was over. John backed Sherlock up against the wall and kissed him. Sherlock responded eagerly. Soon enough, John thought, there'd be more bare skin in this closet than there had ever been.
"We can't go to your mother's party! You need to rest."
"Off with you! Go get John home!" She fluttered her hands at them, and Sherlock helped John up and into a cab, they were in their way back to the flat.
John woke up in someone else's bed. He wasn't sure how he'd gotten there, but his hangover was apparent. He rolled over in the bed, looking for someone next to him. He was alone, and it didn't look like he had had company the night before. But then, why was he in someone else's bed?  He rolled to the other side, and found two painkiller tablets and a glass of water on the bedside table. He took the pills, and sat up. His head pounded and he bent over in pain. Where was he? There was a rediculously fluffy white duvet over him, and he appeared to be in only his pants. He swung his legs out of the bed, and promptly tripped over a large textbook on the floor. John looked around him, his mind clearing more as he woke up. There were shelves on one wall, cluttered with odd trinkets, a blow dart gun, a glass eye, a small can of yellow spray paint, and a bullet casing. The bullet casing gave him pause. He stood shakily and walked to the shelves. The casing was the same caliber as his pistol, and the gold coloring had been worn off. John recognized the shell. It was the bullet he had intended to kill himself with, a bullet he had turned over and over in his fingers many a night before he had met Sherlock, wearing the gold color off. He had not put the shell through his own skull, but through a killer, a day after he had met the man he now loved, and had never again considered suicide. John knew whose bed he had woken in. It was a room he'd never dared enter, but the textbooks and mementos of past cases made it obvious. This was Sherlock's bedroom. It had to be. John looked around on the floor for his clothes. They were nowhere to be seen. John opened the door, and poked his head out. The hallway was empty, and John walked cautiously, shy to be walking around the flat in only his pants. There seemed to be nowhere else in the flat, and so John relaxed, going up to his room to find some clothes. When John neared the door he could hear someone breathing evenly in sleep. Sherlock? John wondered. He opened the door carefully, and entered. Sherlock was curled up in John's bed, a startlingly white pillow under his head, John's gray pillow pressed against his nose. John smiled to himself, and opened his drawer to get some trousers. He slipped them on, and finding one of the jumpers Sherlock seemed to prefer. Sherlock looked childlike in sleep, and John smiled to himself. John gently kissed Sherlock's forehead, and the detective smiled in sleep. John left the room, as quietly as possible, knowing it was likely Sherlock would scoff at his display of sentiment. Sherlock hadn't removed John's engagement ring when he'd undressed him. Well, John assumed Sherlock had undressed him. John hated to think what he might have done in the hours he couldn't remember. John didn't know what a very drunk, intoxicated with love John would do.
"10 little lover boys went out to dine" There was an awful feeling in Sherlock's stomach as he read the note. Agatha Christie had written a book about a nursery rhyme. 10 little soldier boys. "And then there were none" Sherlock had read it as a child. He ran down stairs.
"Cataloging the break patterns of different kinds of light bulbs. You see if I can see which kind of.."
"What?"
"The truth hurts. Doesn't it? Ahh well. I'm off! People to kill and John to screw!" Sherlock fired. The bullet knicked Moriarty's ear. He turned and shook a finger. "Naughty naughty." An explosion rocked the floor, and Sherlock's vision went black.
"Your boyfriend always this protective?" John shrugged slightly.
The Moriarty murders begin, and Sherlock is stumped
"Fine! I'll go change into that suit." John stormed up the stairs. Sherlock smiled to himself. He had John frustrated, worried about his health, and soon he would be very uncomfortable. For making no progress in the last two weeks, Sherlock was very hopeful. Sherlock, who was still perfectly fine, changed into the purple shirt, which people on John's blog were calling the purple shirt of sex, or something along those lines of supreme idiocy. His suit was fully put on and he was draped across the couch by the time John came back. John swallowed audibly as he saw Sherlock. Sherlock smiled to himself as John turned away to retrieve his phone. The fans on the blog must have been right to a certain extent. Mummy knew about the scheme. Of course she did. She had also offered her support, saying the puzzle of cracking John would be an. Excellent treat for her on her anniversary. John was back, and moments later they were in the cab.
"Listen to me, or you don't get to use those." Sherlock whimpered loudly. "You were wrong to hurt Ricard. I am a consenting adult and can do as I please. You have no claim on me." John gave Sherlock a dark, devious smile, and lowered his voice. "Of course, that can change, but you have to listen to me first." Sherlock's eyes remained locked on John, unblinking. John reveled in his undivided attention for a moment. "You were also wrong to push forward without gaining my consent," panic rose in Sherlock's eyes, but John held out a hand. "Luckily for both of us I wanted it as much as you did, but in the future, please check." Sherlock nodded, and John stood up, undoing the gag. Sherlock cleared his throat.
"John. There you are. The game is on." John disengaged himself from the man, and they exchanged phone numbers before John went over to Sherlock. Sherlock wanted to kill the unknown man. They would find the body, but there would be no evidence anywhere as to who had killed him. John gave him a peculiar look. Sherlock willed his body to move, but it refused. Finally John touched his arm, and Sherlock unfroze.
"I would have intervened if..."
"I need to think, and call Ricard. I'll be back."
John is sitting on a barstool next to Zaveri. They're on their third or fourth drink, and Zaveri is leaning closer to John. There is an offer made, and John's eyes widen slightly, and then he accepts. The offer. Pain becomes all Sherlock knows. John accepted the offer. John accepted the offer. John accepted the offer. John accepted. Sherlock needs to stop feeling, he needs to cut the pain out he needs to disguise the hurt and betrayal he feels. He stumbles forward, and knocks into John. John leaving hand in hand with Zaveri.
John wakes up in someone else's bed, only to discover someone else was sleeping in his bed
"I'm aware. And I need a favor."
"Remembering my name now are we? It's been three days Sherlock. You're not answering calls, and neither is he. Mrs. Hudson finally called me. Something about you not moving for a day."
"You do know I can't actually hear you when I'm out!"
The new guy breaks the rule, and Sherlock throws some people.
"Neither of us will get out of it that easily!"
"What happened."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hardly my fault you weren't listening!"
"Jawn?" Sherlock's voice was slurring, and his eyes held the loopy barely able to concentrate look of the heavily sedated. John pulled Sherlock to his feet, Sherlock practically laid on John, and John nearly carried him, and the two left.
"Mycroft said a date. Not necessarily me."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mrs. Hudson! Have you rented the flat downstairs yet?"
"Yes deary! Only last week."
John always found the detective attractive, but he'd never seriously thought about taking it any further. Not until now, that is. And it was becoming extremely distracting! He'd gotten himself told off by Sherlock countless times, Sherlock thought he was simply not paying attention. John knew he was paying attention, but definitely not to their crime scenes. Did Sherlock know? Possibly. Probably. Maybe? It was so hard to tell with him. John was avoiding Sherlock as much as possible. He knew as soon as any kind of argument broke out the truth would fly out in an instant.
"The store was out." Sherlock raised an eyebrow, but didn't respond.
"Can I see him?"
"Pleased to meet you Mrs. Holmes."
It had taken forever to get back to the flat. Cabs wouldn't take them, and John had had to drag Sherlock. He pulled the tall genius up the stairs and through the door, and slumped against the wall. In his living room stood two men. An umbrella laid at their feet, their shirts were untucked and they were looking rather guiltily at John and the unconscious Sherlock. John rolled his eyes, then pointed to the heap of clothing at his feet.
"I know what I'm doing. I'm taking you to my room, to fuck you until you can't walk. I am aware of what is happening and as you haven't pushed me away yet I am continuing it." Sherlock dumped John onto his bed, and knelt near his feet. The doctor jacked himself up on his elbows to better be able to see Sherlock. Sherlock crawled up John, straddling him.
"I'm not indebted to you. This will be part of the debt payment for investigating where your cakes disappear to."
Sherlock would get hurt. Somehow. Engineering a minor injury wouldn't be hard. That would get John. He hoped. He needed John to admit it. The need for John to confess was like a persistent ache in his stomach. It had to happen soon. Or he just might go insane.
I'm evil. Mwa hahaha.
"It would've been better if we had. We've got to go find him." Lestrade shook his head. We've checked all of the hideouts and we're checking every drug den we know of."
"There are twenty victims. Not just ten. One for each line. One for the set up, one for the death." Lestrade swore. There were no clues, none that even Sherlock could find.
"How did Mycroft know Sherlock's gone? It hasn't even been 12 hours since I last saw him."
This is straight up porn. That's it. All this is is porn. I'm not sorry.
"We've got a case." Sherlock felt his heart jump for joy.
Illogical part of my brain: YESSSSSS
"What?"
"Sherlock?" John asks looking at him. There's anger there then. "You're stalking me on dates again?" John is yelling.
"Why does it matter to you?"
A while later John and Sherlock returned to the party. Sherlock's hair was quite a bit more messy, most likely from a certain Doctor running his hands through it. Sherlock's suit was impeccably in place, but the first two buttons on his shirt were undone, displaying the developing hickey on his throat. John was staggering slightly, having had more to drink than he should have. Sherlock sat John at one of the tables and gestured to his mother.
(See the end of the chapter for
John woke up to the warm, comforting embrace of another body. He'd had a nightmare. He was rather surprised he hadn't strangled the person next to him in the throws of it. John tried to relax, but didn't get very far. There was the gentlest of kisses on his cheek, almost his ear. "Go back to sleep luv."
John.
"John!" John froze on his way up the stairs to his room. "Why are you avoiding me?" John was silent.
"John has recently become aware of his feelings for me."
"Sort of." Sherlock was waiting as soon as John was wheeled from the room. They reached John's room and Sherlock immediately began pacing.
John's gone. He's gone on a date with that man. The dam in Sherlock's heart breaks. It hurts. John's gone on a date with another man, and it hurts. Granted Sherlock has been distant, but still. Sherlock feels tears on his cheeks, and screams at himself. "Sentiment is not an advantage! Love is a weakness!" He leaves the flat. He needs to see.
John was being an idiot.
John.
"This little lover boy will die by broken heart." Sherlock whipped around, brandishing John's pistol.
"John. I don't have any right to say it, but if you love him, tell him. Because he sure loves you." John remained quiet for a moment.
"Oh Sherlock," she crooned, "is this your fiancé?" Mummy was an old fashioned sort, and extended a hand for John to kiss.
"Because only I should get to touch you."
"Of course dear." Mummy Holmes leaned closer to Sherlock, and spoke in his ear. Sherlock smiled, but didn't respond.
Plots are discovered.
"Nonsense! I told you last Wednesday!"
John needed a girlfriend. Not an engagement. Especially not an engagement to someone he was trying to hide feeling for. This was not going to be good.
Sherlock was mentally berating himself. John was being dull, and he and Sherlock had gotten into a yelling match, which ended when John stormed out. Now Sherlock was sitting alone in the morgue, and the guilt was setting in. Sherlock decided to go find John and apologize, but couldn't find him. When he asked Lestrade, he seemed irritated.
"The better question would be asking what YOU did last night." John's stomach plummeted. Oh no. What had he done.
"Go home. Go home Sherlock." John leaves, and Sherlock watches him. Watches John and Zaveri get into a cab, watches them relax into eachother, watches John kiss Zaveri. Sherlock needs to stop feeling. He can't convince his mind to stop. Stop feeling. Stop it. "You're making me feel. I don't like it. Stop!" Sherlock screams at the dark, empty street. Stop feeling. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop!
"Sherlock, are you alright?" That was not an expected question. The expected question was "why?" the tone was wrong too, caring, nearly loving, it was supposed to be angry John was usually angry when Sherlock did things like this, this was wrong, everything about this was wrong. John touched his leg, he'd slid closer to reach.
John is not happy. Far from it in fact. Sherlock has been avoiding him.  It isn't like Sherlock has just disappeared, no, Sherlock has just been, distant. He has rushed out of the room nearly every time John enters it, or has killed any conversation that John tries to start with curt, yet not hateful, responses. John hasn't even had the chance to yell at him for roughing up Ricard. Sherlock really had no place in doing that, especially when John had been kissing him of his own free will. Then there was the matter of the night. John would have almost thought he dreamed it if Sherlock hadn't nearly shut down. Every barrier John has painstakingly torn down in his time here is back up and stronger than before. The only solution it seems is to act as if everything is normal, and slowly begin to coax Sherlock out of his shell. Again. With this theory in mind, when he receives a text from Ricard Zaveri asking him to go out for drinks, John accepts.
"Oh please John dear, call me Mummy. Now, you two make sure you have fun." Mummy dismissed them, ready to greet the next guest that arrived at the door of the Holmes Mansion. The entryway opened up to the formal ballroom, and John gasped. Sherlock had to smile. The three giantic crystal chandeliers combined with the sheer size of the room was impressive, though Sherlock had been descentsitized after growing up seeing it almost daily. The room was full of people, Mummy's friends, Sherlock could only assume. Most of them he had never met, but they all knew him. Mummy loved to brag. Mummy had hired caterers, and there was a large area with food and small round tables for eating. The rest of the room dissolved into a dance floor and conversational groupings of chairs around the edges. 5 possible escape routes, 8 secret spots if he needed them. Sherlock almost smiled. Tonight, reguardless the tedious party and socializing, would be great.
"Go home. Go home Sherlock." John leaves, and Sherlock watches him. Watches John and Zaveri get into a cab, watches them relax into eachother, watches John kiss Zaveri. Sherlock needs to stop feeling. He can't convince his mind to stop. Stop feeling. Stop it. "You're making me feel. I don't like it. Stop!" Sherlock screams at the dark, empty street. Stop feeling. Stop. Stop. Stop. Stop!
"Surgery, now!"
"He touched you." John looked at him confused.
|~~|~~|
"John and me 'ere were having a grand ol' snog until Mr. Cheekbones here decided to throw me at a wall." Sherlock was seething. Lestrade looked at the man, and felt his stomach drop. No one had told him the rule, and who knows what hell Sherlock would release on the man. Lestrade shook his head, but Sherlock beat him to speaking.
"It's Moriarty. He's following the plot of "And then there were none"."
"We need to talk." Sherlock glared at him, projecting sarcasm. "Or, more accurately, you need to listen. You were wrong." Sherlock's eyes had become glazed, he was completely ignoring John. John sighed, and pulled on the hand cuff holding Sherlock's left hand to the headboard. He placed a bottle of lube and a condom in Sherlock's hand. Sherlock immediately refocused on John.
"I don't know. But we'd better find him."
Hi guys! A few updates. I changed up chapters some, nothing major, mostly just combining some here and there. Some of your comments did get deleted in the process. Sorry. Also!! THE RATING IS CHANGING. Until now (for those reading this as I update it) it has been General Audiences, it's changing to teen and up, because in next chapter there may be some kissing and nothing explicit, but there may be some suggestions and I don't feel comfortable leaving the rating General with that. Thanks!!
Sherlock had kissed a grand total of 4 people. 1 had been an experiment, another was forced by the boy, and the other two were for cases. He had always thought of it as a strange practice, a sharing of saliva that was typically supposed to mean something, but with John pinned against the wall, it was all he could think about. He kissed The flesh beneath John's ear, wringing a whimper of surprise from John. There was a sound, and John pushed Sherlock away roughly. Mrs. Hudson was staring at them. She just shook her head and walked out. John was blushing bright red, and looking at Sherlock waiting, for what he didn't know. Sherlock looked down at the ground.
"Come on Sherlock. Wake up. No extended unconsciousness. Not for you, luv." John was quiet. A sense of triumph swelled in Sherlock's chest. John had admitted it. Not to Sherlock while he thought Sherlock could hear, but he had. It was out loud now. And things once said, were often hard to keep from saying again.
"What?" He practically shouted at Sherlock. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Shut up." Moriarty laughed.
"Then we may not have to return these engagement rings."
John unceremoniously kicked Lestrade and Mycroft out of the flat. He picked up Sherlock the best he could and dragged him into the bathroom. He stripped Sherlock down to nothing, the detective protesting weakly the whole time. John dumped Sherlock in the bath and cleaned him, making sure to not touch his bare skin for more than a few seconds, every time he did, a fire lit in Sherlock's eyes, and John was afraid of what that meant. John pulled Sherlock to a shaky standing, and towelled him off, and then Sherlock fell over. Kind of. Sherlock's upper body collapsed downwards, and his head hit John's shoulder. John's hands scrabbled at Sherlock's torso, his hips, anything to try and keep the taller man standing, but Sherlock wasn't in danger of falling. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John's waist, and pulled John, bodily, to him. Sherlock seemed to wrap his long body around John, engulfing him. John found lips on his and fingers clawing at the front of his shirt and chest. John was going to pull away. He had every intention to pull away. He was just helping his friend after all, his friend wasn't himself, Sherlock didn't know what he was doing.
"Don't interrupt. He's been acting strange and the sooner he comes to grips with it the sooner he'll get back to being not boring. The only way I'll get him to admit his feelings is if I make him uncomfortable enough to have to. He's due back soon, when he gets to the flat I'll throw something and you can tell me I need a date for the party.  Understood?"
Orange! Mad Hatter!! Fruit tap dancing on desks!! Pineapple!!!! Hellooooo sexy!!!
"Whaa, whaa, what would you like to happen again?"
"He does!" Moriarty sang. "And when we're in bed, the passion floods through the sheets like blood through the body. And when he co..."
"It's not like that." John protested weakly as the man turned the corner. Sherlock heard Lestrade's voice, and he hauled the man back around the corner.
"For a day. Mummy is having a party on my parents anniversary. I'm supposed to come. With a date. Which, has to be you."
"John, I am so sorry if I pushed you." When there is no response Sherlock looks up to where John had been standing. John is gone. How long has it been? Sherlock checks the clock. Nearly an hour. No wonder John is gone. Sherlock walks into the living room, to see John asleep in his chair, tea sitting next to him growing cold. Sherlock's eyes catch on his mouth. What Sherlock wouldn't give to kiss those lips again, feel John's body against his, worship his war torn frame. Sherlock shakes himself, snapping away from that line of thought. It can't happen again. It CAN'T. Sherlock needs to discuss it with John, apologize, maybe even try to court John, but until John clarifies that it was alright, and that it would be alright again, Sherlock has to refrain from doing anything like it. Sherlock gathers up his feelings, the ones he's let himself have, and stuffs them into a box in the back of his mind palace. He locks the box, the door, the wing, he shuts it away. Sherlock feels nothing. He cuts the feelings away.
John wakes up warm, and with an undulating ball of nerves in his stomach. He had to talk to Sherlock today. He had to let him know he'd been wrong. And he had to make Sherlock concentrate on him and what he was saying. John rolls away from Sherlock and out of bed, and walks out of the room to get something.
The next morning John was walking into the kitchen, still ignoring Sherlock, when Sherlock spoke.
I got this idea from a headcanon I read a while back and can't find any more. (If I could give credit where credit is due I would be more than happy). Rated E for later on Frickling and frackling. **Obligatory disclaimer about me owning nothing.****Statement of love for readers.***Random elephant making moose noises.** Yes. I am always like this. Buckle down and enjoy the ride? The next chapter should be up soon! 'Til then my lovelies!
"It's been 2 weeks! I'm fine!"
|~~|~~|
"Sherlock, are you alright?"
Sherlock was sulking. This tended to happen at times, but today it was pointed. John has dragged him to a social event, someone's birthday or the like. Sherlock wanted John to know that he was displeased, but his heart wasn't in it. Sherlock had known for a while that his feelings for John had surpassed platonic. He was highly intelligent, and it would have been fairly hard to miss his feelings, he also knew that he was fairly terrible at telling John no. Sherlock had so far managed to keep his feelings hidden, but near enough to the surface that if John wanted to see them, he could, maybe. The man was highly unobservant, and Sherlock had told him he was a sociopath. Sherlock frowned even more. John did not seem to return his feelings. It was disturbing. Lestrade's approach brought him out of his head.
John woke in a white walled room, with the gentle hum of machines and the quiet breathing of another person. Sherlock was thrown over a chair by his bed, coat wrapped around him and scarf cushioning his head. John had no desire to wake the detective, and simply watched him sleep. Lestrade walked in, quiet as to not wake Sherlock.
"Hiiiiiiii!" A voice sang. Moriarty.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Something I would very much like to happen again." Sherlock purred.
"Where's Sherlock?"
"And how many times did he fall down?"
"We may not find Sherlock if he doesn't want to be found."
"Nothing to worry about! Take me to the downstairs flat!"
A new girlfriend. That was the answer. Someone that he could use to explain away his change in demeanor. He didn't really want a new girlfriend. Janet had made him question his judgment, and lessened his desire to have a girlfriend. That was the only answer. Get a girlfriend. With this decided, John headed back to the flat.
"You have a concussion!"
"He was awfully naughty, but he, well, he is too perfect to punish, but you! You I can punish all I wish. You stole his heart, which was to be mine! And you! You will break the perfect heart! You are the one incapable of love!" Each sentence was punctuated with a sharp snap. John was on his feet, arms chained above his head and feet cuffed to the floor at shoulders width.  Moriarty stood, a leather whip in his hand, swinging at John. John's shirt was off, and his back bloody. Sherlock, anger rising in his stomach, tackled Moriarty, and pummeled him, hitting pressure points mercilessly, inducing as much pain as he could. He slammed Moriarty's head against the floor repeatedly.
Sherlock clutched the note that had been delivered with the flowers. "Naughty Naughty little lover boy. You should've stayed home." Moriarty Had unwillingly, and unknowingly left a clue he shouldn't have.
(See the end of the chapter for
"What happened last night?" Sherlock smiled. John sighed, and turned back to his task. Suddenly John was flipped around by his shoulder, and pushed against the counter. His lips were captured, then released as the other pair of lips wandered over his jaw to down his neck and back up to his ear.
"Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock." John was chanting his name, and sounded as if he had been for while, but Sherlock had only just noticed. "Sherlock. He's out! Leave him be."
"Sherlock! She poisoned her victims and there I was having dinner with her!"
There will be words next chapter. Serious scary words. It will (hopefully) be up soon (within a month this time). As always, 'til then my lovelies!
"Last Wednesday I spent the entire day at the surgery!"
"Cliché." John commented.
"You."
John is gone.
"I kill you and I don't have to worry about you ever taking him."
"Zaveri's gone too. I was supposed to have a meeting with him in five minutes." Zaveri. New name, must be the new guy Lestrade had mentioned earlier in the day. Sherlock tore around the Yard, a sinking feeling of wrongness in his chest. He almost didn't stop when he saw the couple in the alley, he almost walked past, until one of the men groaned, and Sherlock stopped. John was being pushed against the wall by a man shorter than Sherlock, with red hair and a cat, mid twenties, likes pop music, IS CURRENTLY KISSING JOHN??? Sherlock's brain checked out, and he moved. The man had his leg between John's, his hands gliding down John's biceps. Sherlock ripped the man from John, throwing him against the opposite wall. The man yelled an expletive, and Sherlock turned his attention to John. The smaller man was panting, and when he looked at Sherlock his eyes dilated. John was panting, and he yelled at Sherlock.
"Which you reciprocate?"
JOHN!!
"What did you do last night?" John asked the figure in the doorway. Sherlock hurumphed.
"Maybe you should tell him." Sherlock looked up.
"You're becoming my fiancé." John heart beat stopped.
"He shouldn't be allowed to touch you." The words came out as a growl.
"Sherlock, are you alright?"
John entered the kitchen, and stopped in his tracks. The dishes that had been in the sink had been disturbed, the individual dishes scattered. There was a suit jacket over one of the chairs at the table, a tie in the sink, a shoe on the counter, and a belt on the table. What had happened? John stepped into the room. He sighed. John made himself coffee and sat at the table to drink it. Footsteps came down the stairs as John gathered the scattered dishes.
"I do too." Sherlock mumbled, scooping John in and carrying him to bed.
John was trying his best to ignore the tables of tantalizing food, which forced him to look at Sherlock, who was even more tempting than the food. Sherlock caught his eye and gave him an interesting look, one John couldn't quite read, but had to look away from. John's eyes roamed, until they found a waiter expertly balancing a tray with champagne. Another eccentric gentleman came to greet Sherlock, the next in a long line of eccentric gentlemen eager to meet the famous son. John would need to get a buzz going, or he'd never get through the night. Once he had the champagne, he downed the glass, taking a sip everytime a gentleman greeted Sherlock, and the glass emptied alarmingly quickly. The orchestra in the corner was playing quietly and couples were beginning to circle on the dance floor. John could see Mummy Holmes dancing with a portly man, and she seemed to be having a marvelous time. Sherlock was suddenly behind John and the deep baritone voice was humming in his ear. "I tire of the celebrity seekers. Care to dance?" John nodded, and Sherlock lead him to the dance floor. John was more used to club dancing, which consisted more of grinding or jumping, but Sherlock obviously knew how to dance, and very well, leading John around the dance floor in an elegant waltz. John couldn't help but stare up at Sherlock, and within minutes his neck began to cramp. After he could no longer stand it he laid his head on Sherlock's chest, moving even closer to Sherlock's body. Sherlock hummed contentedly deep in his chest, and John focused on the sound, filtering out the sound of the party. The words were out of his mouth before he could think, and he couldn't find it in himself to regret them.
"You were never in any danger."
"Fine. No. I'm not." John whirled to face him, feigning anger and trying desparatly to come up with something to yell st Sherlock for. The real reason could not be known. John faltered in seeing Sherlock's face. Sherlock looked genuinely concerned.
"I am sorry I should not have acted..." he didn't get anything else out because John moved so close to Sherlock that any words Sherlock had evaporated. John took Sherlock by his lapels, dragging his face downwards. John touched his lips to Sherlock's, and the kiss was far from chaste. Their tounges danced together and Sherlock feared he was going to be addicted-- and very quickly so-- to the taste of John's mouth. John pulled away, and growled in Sherlock's ear. There was a stirring in Sherlock's stomach, and he flipped John so that it was John's back against the wall. He kissed down John's neck, sucking slightly on his Adam's apple. John moaned, and began unbuttoning Sherlock's shirt. John slid his hands under the fabric, and Sherlock shivered under his touch. John broke contact with Sherlock's lips, and kissed Sherlock's surprisingly muscled chest, and when Sherlock reacted loudly to John's ministrations, John sucked a mark into his upper pectoral muscle. Sherlock had his hands under John's shirt, and pulled it up over John's head. They broke contact for a moment and Sherlock got his shirt the rest of the way off. Sherlock kissed the junction between John's neck and shoulder, and took John's flesh into his mouth, then dragged his teeth down John's torso, catching his nipple on the way down to John's waistband. Sherlock frowned at John's still clothed lower half, leaning forward to kiss John's hip as he undid John's belt and pushed his trousers and pants to the floor. Sherlock took John in his mouth, and John babbled something incoherent. Sherlock wanted more. John whimpered when Sherlock's lips disappeared from his cock, but Sherlock's lips on his nearly made up for it. Nearly. Sherlock picked John up by the backs of the thighs and carried him to his room, depositing John on the mattress and attempting to find lube while nearly wrapped around John. He finds it, and slicks his fingers, circling John's hole and pushing a finger in. He pulls his body down John, continuing to work him open. Sherlock takes John into his mouth and times each bob of his head with a brush against  John's prostrate. Sherlock takes his mouth off of John, John cries out in protest. Sherlock slicks himself and replaces his fingers with his cock inside John. He slowly begins to push into John. Sherlock is lost in a sea of pleasure. Certainly this is what heaven feels like. He begins to move in and out. This is better than cocaine and cases, this is ecstasy. Sherlock strokes John's length, and finds his prostrate, hoping to bring John to the same ecstasy. John doesn't take long. John spasms and cries out, and Sherlock is soon behind. Sherlock leans over John, and nips at his ear.
"Mycroft himself woke me this morning telling me that Sherlock's dropped off the map. I can't find him, his phone is here, and Mycroft's given me two days to find him or I'm sacked. Did you have a row?"
"You better wake up soon. If your rediculous experiment got you hurt I'll kill you for doing it." John paused.
"John and I will be going now." Sherlock walked to the road and hailed a cab, and John stayed back. Sherlock watched, heart falling, as John apologized to the man, evidently the new officer at Scotland Yard, and finally followed him.
Sherlock had never had a pleasant addiction. Until now it seemed, and even now it stabbed at him every second. John. He needed John. It was something he wasn't used to. And John, John was dancing around him, as if, well, as if John didn't want Sherlock. Sherlock had lost the ability to analyze John. His brain stopped working when he looked at John. And it left only the need. John had loved him. Hadn't he? Best to ask, when John woke up. Sherlock laid on the couch, wondering how John would respond. 25% chance of laughter. 50% of rejection, for various reasons, one being John's sexuality crisis. 10% chance of acceptance. 10% chance John left and never came back, and 5% chance John would say what he felt. Not good odds. By anyone's standards. Footsteps on the stairs. Ahh. The game was on.
