He says something nonsensical about another way. He smiles at Tony like he's surprised him.
The dark headed man isn't satisfied. "Isn't it dangerous to have misplaced the Hulk? Should the public be panicking?"
“No,” Steve says, sincerely.  “I mean it. You don’t have to.  I have enough that you can sit back and do whatever you want.”
Everything in Tony goes cold.
(“This is going to destroy him,” Coulson murmurs. “You’re poking at every single soft spot he has.”
Then he reads The Time Machine and is discussing it one evening as Jarvis completes dinner and Ana supervises when Maria comes in.  Her face is devoid of make up, hair pulled back in a braid, and she looks tired. “Mama,” he says, and she smiles softly, wearily before sitting at the table with them.
“It’s a long story,” Steve replies.  Tony can feel his hand going in circles on his back, quietly trying to sooth him.
“You didn’t force me to do anything,” Bruce says finally.  “I am a grown man with issues backing away from bleeding edge scientific discoveries.  See my Mr Hyde for a prime example.”
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
"Shouldn't we be trying to work on coming together as a team and not our individual weaknesses?" Cap asks.
Hoodie begins to fall, but rolls and throws his blade at Tony.  It’s too close to avoid, so Tony has the nanobots force outwards, thinning out until they are forming a shield outside of him.  The blade pierces then, easily slicing through the metal as he watches, wide eyed, as it comes closer and closer, Friday narrating the distance to his face mask.
Tony stares at the container with the minuscule robots floating around in them. They just lay there, dormant. He stands up abruptly and gathers enough of the nanobots for an injection for one human into vial.  He puts it in a steel case with a tablet, an injection gun.
He makes eye contact with Fury’s single wide eye and shrugs, “Yeah Death with a capital D, welcome to the future where Captain America is alive and Death is a person, being, thing.  Whatever. But he wants to take out a lot of people to make Death fall in love with him or something, and if it has all six of the infinity stones, long story not enough time, but we need to stop him.”
He grins at her, and then says, “Why do you think the Time Traveler went missing for years?”
“Rule number one,” Vision utters with a grin, and then a loud cheer comes across the comms, and Tony realizes that he had been basically on speaker phone.
His head sinks, and Tony busts out laughing as he looks toward Bruce.  “You feel like helping me torturing the kid?”
“So what was this?” Tony asks as they finally dress.  “Drunken mistake?”  Steve turns after he puts on the shirt.
But today is different. Steve’s fresh back from a mission, a nondescript baseball cap in his hands. He’s twisting it into knots when Tony looks up from the latest sim he’s been running and catches Steve there. He’s leaning casually on the door frame of the Tower’s kitchen, a perfect study of calm, but while Tony’s been fucking his brains out, he’s learned Steve’s tells. The frown engraved in the edges of Steve’s smile. The intent way he is staring at Tony. The way he is cataloging every weapon near Tony.
Steve's been holding his breath for a long time.
(“It’s tied to her emotions,” he had said once, faintly watching the scene.  “We need to work on her emotional reactions.”
It laughs, faintly, and he can hear it say
Tony stares at her kind eyes, arm outstretched and fingers reaching but never touching for a long time that night.  Sometimes it hurts to stare his regrets in the eyes, and idly, he wonders if he could look Steve in the eye yet.  It took him 20 years to look Peg in the eye, and even then, it’s an image.
"This has to be enough. Will be enough. I just need to find something to focus on. Maybe take Fury up on his offer about DC."
They meet there, across the room in those early hours more than Steve can count. Tony sipping his coffee while Steve carefully sketches things he can only see in his head.
Tony imagines the long walk to his room, and the open doors, the glimpse at the dust collecting, the windows open. All those things he needs to clean up, package away. "I have everything I need at the Tower."
I means this is why I have an AI, but thanks?  I think?
“Enough for one normal heart,” Steve utters before kissing Tony like it’s they don’t have any time left, and maybe they don’t.  Maybe they have years, but Tony doesn’t know that.  He wouldn’t want to anyway.  He would rather spend every day like it’s his last.  Kissing Steve, working on his projects, and not letting fear grip his heart.
There are nights when Tony wakes up shaking, too cold even with blankets on.  He says, “JARVIS turn the head up.” Until his is sweating and the numbness in his limbs goes away.
His face shutters, and she knows what runs in his head.
It’s not one to be the last man standing.)
Tony turns to the Datapoint and points.  Dad follows his finger the disassembled computer.  “You know I’ve been looking in how to do this for a year?”
“Hi,” Steve says into the distant city noise that fills the night.
Steve blinks.  “Uh...that’s a lot Thor.”
"Born ready," Clint yells as he grapples around on the simulated building until he has a perch. Then a robot flies by his position and lets loose a wave of fire from it's mouth. "Really Stark? A flamethrower?"
Tony picks a spot over T’Challa’s shoulder and begins to speak to it, tone idly cheerful.  “Did you know the accords were called the Stark Accords when they were initially being shopped around the United States.”
Tony’s glanced at the aforementioned folder, briefly. It had been open on the nightstand in between missions. Steve had been in the shower, and Tony had hesitated for a moment, skimming the Russian and focusing on the notations in Natasha’s clinical translation.
There had been a
They’ve got time, Tony knows as he grins softly.  He’s going to do this right this time.
He closes his eyes, pushes away the thought away and focuses on the two Skrulls before them.
Tony finishes his sandwich, before he questions, “By nothing new to you, do you mean gay people in general or all the intricacies of being gay?”
"Yes," he replies, easily.
He nods and curls himself into her side and continues pointing out moments that he liked and didn’t, answering her ridiculous questions.  All the while thinking about how much connections mean.
“Yes I know this is unexpected.  I did not know either.”
“More times than I can count,” he retorts, tasting blood.  He thinks about the hot desert of Afghanistan, metal pieces falling off him as he flies.  The coldness of space, and falling, falling, and
(Not including the incredibility hard to reflect on ages 8 to 13 where he hero worshipped Captain America to a point that he still has a hard time looking Steve in the eyes sometimes.
The singing is now a hum in the back of his mind too.  The stone is still here, still active. Still aware.
You don’t have to do this
He leaves his head against the cushions and looks at Steve, really looks at him.  He looks tired, in the way he is after a “way too long because some people just don’t get it when they are beat” fight.  So he’s looking at Tony that way he usually hides for after sex, when it’s just them and the connection between them is stronger and if Tony reaches he can feel can feel Steve’s emotions strong enough to be swallowed by them.
“I mean it,” Steve insists, meeting his eyes this time.
A screen lights up above him, and Tony has to take a moment before he can sit up without wincing.  There is a diagnostic of a brain rotating in a holographic format.  Below it, his name is written in blocky letters with a steady stream of data scrolling besides it.
“Wait,” Tony interrupts.  “What are you hinting at?  And you gotta stop hanging around with Nat, she is corrupting you.”
Rhodey stills vying for the the pillow Tony has above his head.  “You better not lick the pillow again Tony.”
Tony thinks of
And Tony forgets when he spent long summers or winters or springs with Peggy, Daniel, Mom, and the Jarvises, Howard had been left behind, furiously working and drinking too much.  He remembers what that felt like, after Ultron. Last man standing and trying to hold it all together until it felt like too much.
on repeat.
. Instead he says, “I’ve learned better now.”
” in that voice that brings back memories of too many funerals, her composed form at his side.  No tears on her face and expression neutral.  Her voice always gave her away when she spoke with him.
Steve knows about New York, has heard small mentions of Afghanistan from the others but never from Tony.
Tony’s grin is a brief lift of his lips before it smooths out. She watches him watch her in the window, and wants to reach out. Wants to put a hand on him. Remind him that humans can be good, that she can be good.
The robots begin moving as Natasha says, "Fight now, marathon Star Trek later."
He keeps them open though, because Tony knows the moment he blinks she will dissolve in front of him.
Maybe he could ask DUMMY to bring up a bottle of whiskey, some ice and glass. But he would probably accidentally add some motor oil it and no one needs to be back in the hospital this week. Vision can't take it. "About the time you went to basic," he answers.
The first time in over two years that Tony sees Steve in person is across a room, and for the first time in a while, he feels a limb that doesn’t exist. The screeching pain that came from the destroyed arm.  The shaking that left his whole body rattling by the end if he jarred himself just right.
Bruce adds, “Steve was always bad about going rogue and taking the worst of it on.  We never tried to kill that bad habit.”
Bruce is grinning in the rear view mirror, when Tony looks.  “Did I tell you the test worked this morning?”
“I’m sorry I skipped Christmas,” he whispers.  “I know we said we would do the next one, but I’m so sorry.”  Because the next one was delayed until the next year by year, until he finally came one Christmas after Afghanistan, and she couldn’t see Tony in his face when she opened the door, only Howard.
Steve goes back to work later that week.  He’s apologetic, concerned. Tony nearly pushes him through the door.  He spends the first day researching things on the tablet, nearly unmoving as he looks up the lives of his friends, one by one.
"Tony asked FRIDAY to 'lock it down'.  I could shift through the system and find the footage from the suit that FRIDAY has hidden.  I could pull up the records of the phone call between James Rhodes and Tony in the aftermath.  I could even find the footage from the facility itself.  It would be no feat to pull the information of Zemo's interrogation from the  S.W.O.R.D. server, but Tony would not have asked FRIDAY to do that if he wanted any one to find it," Vision responded as he shifted to meet Bruce's graze.  "I am following his wishes."
The AI pauses before saying, “Okay Tony.”
He hasn’t felt this at ease with another superhero so quickly before.  It’s something new.  An easiness that Tony is grateful for.  He’s getting tired of fighting for every single moment of peace in his life.
Steve stills for a moment, taking in Tony before picking his way over.  People part between them, like the Red Sea before Moses, and Tony has to bite his lip to keep from laughing.  Even now, he still has the sort of charisma that people don’t even know affect them.
Tony feels cold.
Tony aches as Steve goes back to shading Peggy’s hair.
raw thank you very much.  She gets to start lecturing me about the whole incident and that’s something I thought I wouldn’t have to deal with any more but apparently I forgot our entire relationship is based on her judging my actions and counterbalancing them correctly.”
Steve dream, sometimes.
The second version of the suit’s hologram brightens into a projection instead of static display.  Tony starts the spinning with a flick of his wrist.  Spidey comes and hovers on the other side of the hologram.  “Kid’s got a body suit that expands to cover his body when he activates the suit.  It’s a mesh with an internal aluminum framework inside of it.  His spider hairs can get through them because they are organic.  Sweat can too.  On top of that, we have the metal plating of suit.”
The being in question looks up from the lemons he has been slicing for the latest pitcher of fruit water.  “Mr. Stark needs to be check on constantly,” Vision says.
Once he has every surface, he takes the time to wipe down the fridge's handles. It's to get the handprints off the stainless steel, and he doesn't think about the fact he could be wiping away of Nat's moody periogies by the dozen that is either made in utter silence or quiet humming. He adjusts the magnets Clint uses to display the portraits of the Avengers he got as "fanmail".
, but when he looks out to the field and sees his team getting over run.  When he thinks about a world without a single one of them in it, even if talking to some make him want to run away. The thinks about snuffing out their sparks to save himself, and he can barely swallow against the bile that rises up in his throat.
It leaves an empty feeling in his gut, before Tony steels himself.  He can figure this out. He’s been figuring things out for a long time now.  He can solve this problem too.
, you know?”  He muses. “I’ll get over, but,” and he looks up at Tony for a moment, mask falling away, so Tony can meet his eyes.  “I’m just a little scared.”
He rages twenty some odd years too late.
“I believe I take more after Dr. Banner,” Vision admits.
“Do you want to run a diagnostic and do a tune up, or wait for another time?” Tony asks.  “I can’t tell if you were using the tower to hide from the paps or a visit.”
See you then
Steve can't look away, but has to, or he'll say something Tony never wanted to hear.
Still he looks across this unfamiliar room with an unfamiliar view and sees Steve and knows there are a million explanations, but hallucination is the first one he grabs onto. But, he would never imagine him like this.  Worn and older, softer in sleep. A mixture of the calm face, worn with age, lined for the first time in Tony’s life.
After Afghanistan, he would say they were looking for cracks.  Something to exploit. Obie did. Peeled away the mask and found the small boy underneath and whispered promises until he allowed Tony to twist himself into something he hadn’t been on the path for before.  Obie hadn’t twisted him. But he’d watched. He’d watched and used it.
Bruce had watched as his fingers darted around the hologram, flicking between plans, lines of code, quick sketches and videos that that various blurry faces.  He still doesn't miss the vibrant shield in the middle of the image.  The rest of it is too blurry to make out before Tony switches to the next items in the folder, but there is a giant shield and a silver arm.  A shiver goes down his back, goosebumps blossoming in it's path.
Everything around him tightens, and he can feel the suit begin to incrementally tighten.  “You are beginning to annoy me,” Thanos utters, low and angry. He is bleeding sluggishly from the cut on his arm, but it begins to heal, red glow spiderwebbing up his arm.  He turns his wrist, and Tony can feel his entire body twist.
“One sec,” Tony tells Rhodey.  “The children are conspiring against us.  What are you saying to FRIDAY Viz?  I need to remind you that I helped create you, so you should be on my side and not Rhodey’s!”
There is a faint smile on Yinsen’s face as he wipes the cold sweat from Tony’s face with a ragged handkerchief.  “No.  You don’t strike me as the easy type.”
He thinks Steve knows it anyway.
He ducks his head eventually.  “Okay Steve,” Tony says. “Okay you win.”
She keeps her gaze steady, doesn’t give into the joke. “We’re a team Tony,” she states. “I’m fond of every single one of you in different ways.”
I'm coming
“The ice killed some of your brain cells,” the team of doctors say as they show him a 3D image of his brain.  There are areas of his brain lit up brightly and others dimly. Tony knows where this is going.
But Tony keeps forgetting his first instinct, the one that has him reaching for the scotch, the one that can sketch a fully functional design for a new gun when he lets his thoughts wander, usually isn't the right one.
He looks like he’s aged decades in the two years since they last talked.  His hair is shorn short, trying to hide the beginnings of the gray he is sporting. Tony knows his own face doesn’t show the time.  The doctors think his aging has slowed with Extremis down to a sixteenth of the speed it should be.
FRIDAY has locked you out of all SI and Avengers servers.
“Breathe,” he murmurs, and his voice breaks, higher than it normally is.  “Breathe Tony.  You aren’t dying.”  The first sob bubbles up and breaks past his lips, but he gamely swallows the rest down.
you know that’s the kid friendly version.
He only has the vaguest grasp of what a computer is.  It takes in inputs and returns answers.  Like he had typed 1+1 and it had returned 2.  He had typed the beginning to his favorite book one letter at a time, and the computer had displayed it on the screen.  His father had allowed him to play with the the Datapoint before he had systematically taken the computer apart. The circuit board, in 1973, had been longer than his arm.  He remembers staring at it and seeing the simple lines that connected the processor together, all spaced out in wide copper bands.  It had to be easy to make it smaller.
“I met Rihan,” Peter’s companion waves.  “She was working on the prosthetic group from the get go, and we decided to team up on a fully functional leg prosthetic that was similar to Iron Man’s boots.”
Tony falls back against the couch, "You definitely had an issue with round one. They jerked like no one's business. I distinctly remember bitching."
“Brain scans are necessary now?” Tony snarks, expanding out the data.  He stills the steady stream and reads it slowly.  “Are you monitoring my brain when we launch the BARF protocol?”
Tony hurts, hurts so much.  “I missed you mama.”
"Someone needs to have your back," Steve replies before he pauses. He sees Tony watching him.
The crowd of journalists look at him, ready and awaiting his next call. Tony leans and looks around at the crowd, looking to something. "Next….You look familiar Daily Bugle." He wiggles his fingers at the weary journalist.
Steve jumps, and Tony feels faintly guilty for startling the other man.  “Sorry,” Tony says.  “Didn’t mean to…” He waves at Steve to finish the sentence.
He’s alive though.  Isn’t that enough?
It’s hard to get it precisely right, and he knows he has a funny look on his face, because when Mom glances over this time she laughs softly, gathering Ana and Jarvis’ attention and quick admiration.
Finally, the kitchen counter.
But the voices screaming in the back of his mind reaches a fever pitch as she turns to Tony, who looks up from his place on his knees.  “I’ve reaped Gods less interesting than you Tony,” Death laughs, dusting itself off and straightening. “I’ve been waiting for this moment with baited breath.”  It’s eyes feel like they are peering deep into him, counting and weighing his every sin and saving grace. Like he’s being counted for the price he will give before the slaughter.
“He would have lost you,” Tony voices, finally.  “And would he have been able to stand that?”
Time doesn’t feel like it matters anymore.  Not much matters anymore.
Steve doesn’t see Tony around much.  They are basing out of the Compound in New York, in order to keep off the radar of the UN and Ross, but everyone is on the move - dealing with incursions here and there and trying to fight the good fight.  Tony’s almost always gone.  Never here.  Bruce laughs when Scott asks if Tony has turned himself into a bionic man in order to be able to handle all the work.
Rhodey hits his foot.  “That is a terrible joke,” he says.
T’Challa chuckles, hopelessly fond, and Tony can’t help but like the girl, or her brother, a little more.  “Do I even want to ask what you did, or are you going to tell me?”
There is an impression that lingers there after.
"He's banged up, but he's breathing. Probably just whiplash from apparently merging with his future self," Buck huffs.
The chatter at the table quiets.  The silence is only broken by the click of dominoes on the table.
Howard’s eyes narrow before he nods to the glowing arc reactor he has pinned to his shirt.  The suit is hidden, ready to jump into action if he needs it, but not now. “Palladium is a bad way to die, especially in the chest.”
Then, the news, phone calls, internet - everything that comes with the connectivity of Extremis  - rushes in, and Tony...he can’t. He just can’t focus on it too long. Moves to the first thing on his list of things to do and swallows down any feelings.
A man comes out from the building beside Steve.  He has on a dark turtleneck and cargo pants.  Steve recognizes based on the look on his face.  The dark haired man shrugs, and pulls out his gun.  He levels it at Steve, saying things, and Tony knows he can’t make it there in time to stop this.  Wanda’s red energy entraps him, before the man waves a hand holding the gun, and the energy disappears.  Wanda’s eyes are wide in the corner of the frame.
“Did you ever think your suit of armor would be your coffin?” Thanos asks, idly, tightening his fist.  Tony groans, but chokes out a laugh.
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
It’s just another ghost or 3 he can carry with him.
Sometimes, Tony’s mistakes punch him in the face.  Other times, they catch him unaware until he’s gasping with the pain of it.
I’m sorry I shouldn’t have asked that.  It’s just you are the person I go to for these types of things.
The words calm the singing he can’t seem to escape, and all of a sudden, all Tony can hear is his own breathing in his own ears as the time stone buzzes over his skin before receding.  Sharon leans close and brushes her forehead against his. “Did you forget your promise to me big brother?”
“He’ll be okay,” Bruce says.  “Cap knows how to handle these sort of situations.”
“Tony, we both made Ultron.  That is a burden I share too,” Bruce says softly.
Sometimes the answer to stretch in order to feel better.
Tony’s grateful to be on the ground, because it sets off an earthquake that sends everyone to their feet.  Thor’s eye is glowing, and he is crackling with electricity. He raises a hand upwards, and a lightning strike hits him before he redirects it in arching streams at the Chitauri around them until there isn’t anyone standing for 50 feet around them.
Steve is across the battlefield, faintly blue but dissolving quickly.  He stumbles as the gem’s influence disappears, and Barnes keeps him upright, watching his fried carefully.  Tony looks down and sees the green glow begin color his skin again, backs away quickly from Sharon, trying to keep her away from it.
“Let the interns take a run,” Spidey advises as he taps the liquid container for the web fluid. The specs write themselves beside the glowing schematic.  “A few of them have an idea they are running with in their downtime.”
Tony shrugs. “I wanted to do it for everyone.”
"Oh," she says after the doors slide open and he sees the scattered paintings of scenes from Wakanda, the various teams in action across the world, the view from the tower or compound, Brooklyn from the 1940s.
They can exist in the same room now.  It's been nearly 8 months, but Tony doesn't seek her out.  Is letting her set the pace this time.  He's a whirlwind, he knows, too big for his own skin most days.  Instead he seeks out Steve, someone who can match him blow for blow and calm him down until his own skin fits right.
T’Challa’s eyes narrow.  “You know.”
From 54985-466-8653
If there is an ‘after everything’, but Tony pushes away the thought, because he doesn’t have time to entertain it now.
Steve is just another useless villain in Tony’s adventures.
Tony turns back to the floating car zooming back and forth.  He catches it looping in a strange pointed oval, and immediately flicks a camera off, hidden out of Steve's line of vision.  “Time to kill this test drive Jay,” Tony grits out, just enough cheerfulness to not make it seem like he is thinking about rewriting JARVIS’ humor protocols.
Tony’s rueful when he replies, “I should do a lot of things differently.”
He takes shallow breaths as the suit adjusts piece by piece until everything is locked in place.  Tony grabs the case and heads out the open window before anyone, including himself, can stop him.
"At first, you reminded me of too many bullies who beat me up when I was smaller," Steve murmurs.  Tony glances at him, and Steve is looking at him, a smile on his lips, wry with history only he knows.  "I've always been ready for a fight."
Tony isn't in the frame. Just discarded takeout, the bots drifting closer, the scattered remnants of a project, the armors on the right in the distance.
His mind whirls at the concept of going to the tower.  The chance his own tech is hole up somewhere and he can use that to interface with some of the things he has been trying to work on.  Bridge the gap he has with the technology currently at his fingertips and still can’t understand.
But then they settle and become a low level hum in the back of his head as he hears his own voice whisper in the back of his head,
He waves a hand at the destruction around him.  “I don’t know how to even break down something down any more.  I don’t know technology.”
He excuses himself to go to the bathroom and goes downstairs to where his lab used to be.  The glass is still up from years ago, but inside isn’t a lab of any sort. It’s a memorial of all the fallen heroes.  Their costumes, gear is held up. In the right side is a version of his armor.
Steve never tells him to stop, never tells him to not come on missions.  Steve just continues on, figuring Tony into plans with a ruthless efficiency that Tony knows from his own ways of looking at a problem when it’s put in front of him.
They both deserve that.
Tony closes up the program.  “We’re coming.  Let me know the results of the test.”  He turns to Spidey.  “You eat real food or are you on a bug only diet?”
Rhodey’s smile is soft, knowing.  “Yeah buddy.  It is.”
Tony shrugs. "I've done that's few times before." He gestures to where the arc reactor used to sit.
Tony shrugs.  “Thankfully I didn’t lose my drafting skills.  I just tweaked it enough to be able to pull this off.”
Instead, a quiet beep from Fry makes Tony turn to the right, and besides him is Vision, floating.  “Hey kid,” Tony says, a little stunned. “You good?”
"Abort any thoughts of that. Okay where is this plane?" He is wheezing, but standing so that has to count for something.
She shakes it away. “It worked for me.”
He gives a chuckle a moment later, “We’ve outlived them.”. He shakes his head.  “I never thought that would happen.”
“I had for a long time.  It became part of me. I knew you didn’t lean that way,” he shrugs again.  “So I didn’t talk about it. And I did have male partners, so stop trying to act like you knew it all.”
Stop.
Friday opens their comms, and Tony utters, darkly, “Duck.” Before he opens fire all around them, repulsor only to to keep the chance of injuring teammates low.  The Chitauri scream, but quickly are taken out. He hovers a bit closer as both look towards him.
Steve has a collection of emotions on his face, too many to rip apart and figure out what they are. Tony just meets his gaze, breathing through the pain of ripping open an old wound. “It wasn’t an accident Tony. Hydra had them killed.”
Tony knocks back his glass before looking at Steve again, fragile around the edges.  “We all are,” he says, waving his hand to the sleeping quarters. “What did you think made us the best sort of people for stopping the apocalypse besides people without many ties?”
“I just made it smaller.  I think you could put another circuit on the other side and use both sides.”
He gave that chance away a long time ago.
“Yes,” the other says.  “You changed things. Minor things that have butterflied out in different ways, but you’ll see them, eventually.”  It’s smile turns wry. “Every breath has an impact on the world, and your actions have always more than something that simple.”
"And I've loved them when they were gone too.  I've learned how to love in softer ways, less burning the world down, you know?"
He looks over Peter's heaving shoulders as he sheds the fear that has been building for god knows how long to Steve.
He takes in a few breaths and does what Tony does best - pushes it down and goes to work.
“We would have been good parents I think,” Jarvis whispers into what is left of her lank grey hair.
i hate you
Instead he waves his hand and watches as the entire display minimizes.  He looks up and catches Steve staring at him. “I’m loyal,” Steve shrugs with a sheepish smile.
“Anything for you boss.”
The old mansion's dark outside the window as he sits down at that tiny table in a dated, yet tasteful kitchen.  It’s the old house in New York, and he hasn’t been here in a long time.  Hasn’t been able to make it through the gates, even through he still pays for the lawn to be moved, houses to be cleaned, property taken care of.
“The UN panel head would like to speak with you,” FRIDAY says.
It’s like a sucker punch to his gut, all of that. Knowing that he actually knows that.
Still
“I love you,” he whispers.  “I love you.”
Tony had grown up in a family who held secrets close to their chests.  He still looks back and wonders if they hadn't been spies, former soldiers, and wartime inventors, maybe they would have taught him to be honest.
Pepper straightens, plastic smile on as Peter takes the stage.  He carries a tablet with a wide grin, but nothing else. Peter catches Tony’s eye and his face brightens to an impossible degree.  He makes a gesture from training, a slight roll of his right shoulder, and Tony glimpses the woman behind Peter.  She’s an intern, Tony knows the moment he sees her purple badge.  The metal of her prosthetic leg gleams against the light fabric of her sundress as she takes a seat.  It’s not the usual thin rod though.  It’s a slim metal thing made to look like an actual leg.
,” Ana would say.  Hands out at the end of the day, and Tony would run until he crashed into her knees.  She would kiss his forehead as he clutched onto her, and Jarvis would be standing back, the smile he always wore when Aunt Peggy kissed Uncle Daniel on his lips.
Steve stays. In the United States, in the Compound, in the present. He just stays. It's a lot like when he first came out of the ice, trying to take the world moment by moment, day by day. Don't breathe in too deeply and think about those he left behind.
“JARVIS?” Tony says one night, in the pitch black darkness.
This has been a descent coming for a long time.  There is something coming, he knows, faintly. Something else.  He’s just not sure what beyond the pulsing in his head.
Steve smiles, but it looks like it takes too much effort.  Like he is straining something. “It’s been a hard few years.”
It strikes a deep cord in Steve, seeing that smile directed at him.
"You once said," Tony starts and something grips Steve's stomach.
Tony thinks of the woman who used to run around with him, always there when he came home, had taught him how to shoot a gun and hide a weapon on his person, who had never once had to ask what was on his mind.  The only one who had never doubted him.  “I’m not drinking for taste.”
(But he doesn’t know that now, this is future information, and this is only a memory.)
Then he blinks, the world shifting under his gaze in a haze of green, until it reforms as the house from the winter when he was seven in Virginia.  He’s in the room Daniel, Mom, and Peggy had locked themselves in for weeks on end, Howard drifting in and out when he had come back, construction dust trailing behind him.
“She was working on refining her control with multiple items,” Vision says when the anchor begins speaking again.  “Before she left the compound.”
Tony can't say anything in the face of that.
Bruce watches Tony, and Tony shrugs his shoulders in response.  “Extremis was used to help with my heart.  I’m not a good baseline candidate for a test.”
She hums and Tony closes his eyes as he tries his best to meld into the chair. "Tones?" Rhodey sounds a little high on pain medication.
Thor takes the tech and puts it in his ear, before scanning the battlefield.  Thanos has gotten back up and is retreating. “I’ll take him,” he declares before rocketing off.  The Hulk and Falcon swing in to give him some back up.
I needed us to have that.  I know what to expect now.  I know how to handle this situation.
In a cave in what felt like the end of the world, a man with glasses had shown him a moment of kindness and murmured,
Steve get his hand behind Tony’s balls, curling the fabric around them and rubbing softly, slowly, and then trails it down, the cotton rubbing against his nerve endings and causing Tony to see flashes of white behind his eyelids. Steve strokes his way up Tony’s cock and then, he rubs the pad of his thumb across where the tip is straining against the thin fabric, where a wet spot is already forming.
Tony doesn’t ask, and Steve doesn’t offer anything about his time before the ice.  Of course Tony knows things, went to bed on really good nights with stories from Peggy about Steve.  How he rushed into a base ill prepared, only really focusing on saving his best friend. Tony inherited enough memorabilia to create a Smithsonian exhibit dedicated to Captain America and the Howling Commandos.
He struggles with the lid before looking to Tony who is watching him carefully, like he's a live wire. "We thought it would be better if I kept all of this down here. It was getting cramped in my room," he says sheepishly, careful not to place the blame on Natasha.
And they do, and there isn’t anything for a long time so Cap calls it a false alarm. They end up just standing around, discussing the revelations in quiet groups. Natasha and Clint are silent, conversing in body language and observations of others until the plane comes into view.
along with
“As an eighteen wheeler taking out McDreamy.”  He throws his hands up when all he gets back is a head tilt and the noise of the lenses adjusting. “Seriously?  Your aunt doesn’t watch Grey’s Anatomy?”
Thank you. I mean you didn't have to and don't think I'm not grateful because this is insane. I never thought I could get an internship with SI, especially while I was in high school. Definitely when I was 15.
It will never be anything more than that.
“Yeah,” Steve replies. “Usually it is.”
“Boss,” FRIDAY cuts in.  “May I make a suggestion?”
He steps back, hand falling to his side as he realizes the entire thing is fake.  A replica. Non functional.
Pepper says you have kept Laura and the kids safe.  Thank you.
The next morning, Tony sits in the chair facing the city, watching as the clouds rise.  It’s been a quiet morning, Steve is carefully walking around him, like he has been since that night.  Tony’s tired of it. Tired of talking around things, always talking around it.
“Steve?” he says, ragged and torn, like the words are drug out of him.
“You look younger,” Steve says, quietly when Tony doesn’t say anything.
"Is it?" Tony questions. He reaches out a hand but stops short. "Is it better being in love with someone who you believe could never love you back?"
He had never been able to dream the taste of Tony under his lips.
“What are you going to do while I am out?” Steve asks as he leans across the kitchen counter as Tony slowly eats his oatmeal.
He picks up his fist sized board and heads outside.  There is a bottle of ferric chloride he has hidden in the shed near the Jarvis home, along with a  mason jar and set of kitchen tongs. He pulls the plastic goggles he gotten from his science kit on his 3rd birthday and straps them around his head before carefully pouring enough of the purid green liquid into the jar before dropping the board inside.
You and I both know you could get around that if you wanted to.
She holds her arms open and he rushes into them.  “Oh
“You remember that?” Steve asks, incredulous.
It’s the beeping of a monitor that captures his attention originally.  It takes Tony a heartbeat to remember exactly where this is.  But the sight of the nurse’s station remind him.  His younger self walks by, and Tony follows him through the maze of rooms until he is standing in the doorway of one.
“So, I’ve been working with Dr. Perez in robotics.  I got interested in the prosthetic unit when I met a mentor had almost lost the use of his legs in an accident,” Peter starts, gripping the tablet tightly.
"Okay," he replies, gripping the paper tightly enough it wrinkles. He has to smooth it with the palm of his hand before he can read the numbers to call.
The whole thing fades to black, and all Tony can hear is,
“At least this part never changes,” Tony says.
“Dear heart,” she says.  “Dear heart, I love you more than the moon loves the sun.”
There is a garden with holograms, like statues but electronic.  There is one of the first group of Avengers, and he stops in front of it.
I’m not helpful for this.
JARVIS faithfully updates the combatants on the second screen. Tony scans the code briefly as JARVIS continues to write out five or so targeted villains for each of them to deal with. He's coming up with some pretty fantastical names. Zzzax definitely sounds like some version of a keysmash. Tony lets it slide for the moment. He'll get a database of generic names set up later. That'll tickle Clint's funny bone. Thor would enjoy creating some villain names in his Hamlet-y way of speaking (which seriously has ruined any Shakespeare plays that he didn't already loathe on the principle of it being
“Make a path!” a familiar voice yells, and Tony looks to the side, and catches Sharon sprinting forward with a box held tight to her chest.  There is tall grey haired man with a familiar metal arm and leg eating up the ground behind her. He wears a mask like Barnes’ and Tony remembers all the Christmas’ at the Carter-Sousa household where the adults had spoke around things when he was younger.
Bruce catches the carrot and rolls it between his hands.  “Not a miniaturized ARC reactor.  They would run like the duracell rabbit.”
Tony rolls his eyes.  “That was such an insult Brucie.  The fact that you would compare me to that stupid rabbit -”
They are enough.  They deserve to be enough.
And Tony refuses to admit, but he's almost desperate enough to ask again.
So maybe Obie had loved that kid he had called nephew for years.  Maybe he had tried to raise him right, tried to be a father figure, but Tony was hard to love.  He was good at pushing people away, turning them against him.
Tony straightens. "Doctor Banner is working on some research at this moment, and he cannot be reached for comment."
T’Challa smiles in response.  “Mr. Stark.”
No, it’s not children.  It sounds like him as a child, now, and every age in between, laughing in a cacophonous rabble.
He watches Peggy this time, unlike his younger self, staring outside the window.  Her wrinkles deepen, making her look older, like the woman in the bed who always looked at him and said,
“You and me and take out,” she smiles.  “We’re going to spend all the time catching up.  We’ll even watch those horrid Captain America films and drink to get through them.”
He can't lose another person.  Won’t.  So he clings to the few he has left as tightly as possible.  And Rhodey lets him, because his greatest virtue is his patience with Tony.  His weakness is he loves Tony, like so few others do, and Tony is willing to exploit it.
" with a familiar glee from before the snap, before Siberia, from before the Winter Soldier or Ultron.
“The stones don’t want to be near each other.  They know it means they are coming to an end.” He adds, and there are things Tony knows he isn’t saying.  There are entire histories and discussions they don’t have time for. The whys and the hows aren’t what he needs to know.  It’s the
Steve ducks out of the doorway sheepishly.  “I’ll have JARVIS tell you when dinner is ready.”
Tony grins, one of his carefully crafted playboy smiles he’s perfected over the years of events, galas, balls, in her direction.  “I’m all better. Isolated the issues and got the armor held together with duct tape now instead of just hopes and dreams.” She doesn’t look relieved yet, so he schools his face a little more serious and lowers his voice as he adds, “Carol, I’ve got this.”
“You ran?” Tony asks.
The older man gathers himself, and Ana reaches out and puts a hand on Tony’s knee.  He looks to her, and she smiles her soft knowing smile, “You’re perfectly safe. We’ll always make sure you are.”
Tony rolls his eyes.  “We’ve already had this conversation.  I do it for other people and to keep the questions at bay.”
It feels the same.
So he’s not doing too hot, if Tony’s honest.
Soon there won’t be any.
Thinks about his mother’s hands tight on his, the crush of hugs that were too tight and cut off his already restricted air.  Thinks about the names he has been known by his entire life. Thinks about the heavy gaze of words left unsaid. The weight on your chest when you finally let them out and are waiting for the response.
He spins around, rather to face the wall than Steve’s smug faceless reaction, “Do you know how much I had to pay for the clean up?  Thank god the Maria Stark foundation gets the bills, but SI still takes the stock hit.  And you remember my company’s CEO and ex-girlfriend who hates the reminder that I still superhero because that’s what broke us up and that still a
I wanted a lot of things
Peter kind of rocks back further on the coffee table, so Tony sits up.  “Things change, you know, so I just want to be able to be independent if I have to be.”
It jerks and speeds up, like it’s trying to throw him off.  Instead, Tony grins and rolls his shoulders again, this time mini repulsor pods flare out from his back armor and hum to life, staying in place as he gets closer to her.  Right before the staff lands in her hand, Tony lets go, momentum carrying him forward so he punches her, sending her flying and then climbs upwards as the pods lets out concentrated streams of blasts until she disintegrates under them.
“That proximity alarms or the mysterious spidey sense you babbled about?”  Tony shoots back.
He stays awake longer than he wants, but the blankness in his mind keeps the panic at bay until he falls back under.
“You train for this?” Clint asks as they watch.  “An invasion?”
Ana is lying in a bed, thin.  Her weariness is written in the bags under her eyes, the translucency of her skin.  Jarvis sits with his back to the open doorway, clutching her hand in his.
He looks at Steve, at the planes of his face, at his cautious stance, and thinks,
and end with
He never looked the first time, but somehow he had to have tracked it or BARF is filling in the gaps - it's probably filling in the gaps, but Jarvis always cared more than any Stark deserved. But Jarvis puts down the dish he was cleaning, and bends down. "There are no parameters," Jarvis says. "You simply be yourself."
I trust you with my life.  I trust you with their lives.
.  Steve gets up and Tony sees the sun's slide and it's getting close to dinner time.
Tiny him adjusts his grip on the screwdriver in his hands and looks down to the circuit board in his hand. "What are the parameters necessary to make someone a friend?"
And then, like most his dreams these days, it fades moment by moment until all he remembers is Ana’s and Jarvis’ faces as he sat between them and they discussed books.  The rest of the details are missing, but the love and affection doesn’t. He holds that close to his chest, until he calms and falls back to sleep.
“Because I respect you,” Steve says.  “I know you don’t think I do, but I always have.”
"Yeah. We're about ready. JARVIS?" Tony looks up at the nearest blinking camera.
There.  That's the accords endgame I keep forgetting to tie up.  This was going to be part of the other thing, but it's kind of a key plot point, sooo..
Not enough
“You think?” Tony bites back before taking a step forward, hands out of his pockets as he choregraphs his movements slowly.
He waves and walks away.  Pepper’s tracking him and not the intern presenting.  He tilts his head in her direction before he slips out the auditorium.
The Captain bounds into the fray, reckless.  He has grabbed a tank panel on his way in, and is using it when the bullets go flying.  Once he gets close enough, the rain of bullets slow, and he tosses the panel, throwing the soldiers on the left a good ten feet back. He lands his first punch on the guy nearest his right, twisting at the soldier who comes in on his left and upper cuts the next guy in front of him.  He kicks out to the left and takes out the ones who he ducked.
“We had a fight today, didn’t we?” Tony asks quietly.
Eventually they beat down every last piece and JARVIS powers down the projection of the landscape. The Hulk has retreated, and Bruce is there, breathing hard, but there with a tiny smile. They are all bloody and sweaty and grinning. "Go take a shower," Steve orders and they all fall out, joking and laughing and Clint is recounting the firebird explosion with wide gestures. Something in his chest blooms at the sight.
Tony laughs long and hard this time before turning around.  “Now I know you’re bullshitting with me.”  He’s grinning, and Steve hates it because Tony’s so confident in this truth, that he doesn’t even see how he could be wrong.
“What are you doing here Tony?” Steve asks, quietly.
Clint jerks. “That was Sitwell’s mind control chip mission, wasn't it?”
"There is always one who just wants to try his luck," Steve mutters, and Tony knows the sentiment well.  Instead, he throws a tracking program on them so he can get a shot of their faces under the mask and drop off their location to the local authorities.  People who play soldier in gigs like this usually have a wrap sheet a mile long, so it would be good to get them off the street anyway.
I hate this chapter and all it exists for but if I didn't get it out, we would never get to the next part.  It's filler, too freaking long, and filled with too many characters.
then two,
He wonders if he has broken Jarvis' heart again.  But then remembers the man is dead, and the dead don’t have hearts to worry about.
Tony had paused, the scan of a brain in lit up in front of him.  "Fit as a fiddle Brucey."
Bruce had stood there for a few moments before Tony had said, as seriously as Tony had ever gotten with him before everything.  "I'm fine Bruce.  Honest."
“The colonel is yelling for you,” FRIDAY updates.
Tony throws his head back, making his left hand into a fist, so he can bite down the noises he wants to make - needs to make. Tony’s trying to pull himself back together when Steve looks up, a filthy smile curving across his lips. He feels a little better, a little less strung out when Steve shifts, and places his mouth over Tony’s boxers.
The other tilts its head at almost an unnatural angle, as if asking him to carry on and complete the thought.  Tony swallows and says, “The longer it went on, the more...not natural they felt. Then I could start influencing the world.  Then I started misremembering things. That’s when I knew something was going on.”
Peter snorts and looks away.
“Oh,” Tony murmurs.  The house is bright, and there is singing in the back of the room.  Italian, just like his childhood memories, and the faint music of the piano.
Eventually, Steve runs out of words.  So, he looks down at his hands, unable to continue further.  “So you get it," Tony states after the silence rings a little too loudly between them.  “You have to push away the fear and wrap it in humor because if you don't you'll be swallowed by it.”
to the humming in the back of his mind
.  Tony is.  He knows his place here in this game.
"Even in Siberia?" Tony questions.
Peggy’s response, however, is different.  She flinches. It’s minute and if Tony hadn’t known her for most of his childhood and made it a game of trying to discover her secrets, he wouldn’t see the way she bites too hard to keep from grinding her teeth.  It means something. He just doesn’t know what.
The round didn't pierce his suit.  He's bruised but healing.  Everyone else has minor bruises.
“Tony,” she reaches out and touches his hand.  His younger self jerks away.
He lays a hand on Tony's left arm.  Tony stands there, head hung and takes comfort in the fact that Bruce is here.  That he is warm and alive and
Tony watches as Steve wakes up, carefully in Steve's space without touching the other man.  If he reaches out a hand, he'll brush Tony's.
nonono, you don’t have to.
Rhodey sits up, a wince on his face. He's definitely in pain and probably refusing to take his pain meds. Tony knows not to fight him on that any more. "When did you start these? After Manhattan?"
sort of look that Steve knows is only something he uses when he’s not really angry. He’s seen it enough times now, over the tops of others heads, with the wry upkick of his lips and knows the meaning. Knows a little bit of who Tony is.
If someone comes in, he carefully dog ears the page to put it away and starts fresh.
“You and I both know you hate Starks.  Just call me Tony, and I won’t feel like you’re going to claw me to death to my face.  Maybe my back, but that’s the more preferable option of the two.”
I chose the middle.
"So there's this kid in Queen's," Tony says, one afternoon, when he steps into the gym.
“What’s wrong Nat?” Clint says, finally. He’s looking through her diagram, eyes lighting up as he goes.
Tony shrugs.  “I just wanted to see if I could make it smaller.”
"I love you.  There is no ‘a lot’ or ‘just right’. I love
The thing about talking is that Steve thinks about Tony more than he should. More than he wants to.
There had been a plan.  Get everyone on a plane.  Take the scenic route and shout this out with everyone in the room.  Figure out what was going on with the Winter Solider thing.  Fix any brainwashing that had happened to Cap.  Get everyone to know what line to toe so Tony could fix this disaster before Ross got his hands on anyone.
“Yes boss,” she responds.
It’s a sweet torture, to think of what could have been. He deserves it.
“Seeing as this is an unrecognized nation by the UN, I do believe this is one instance where the Avengers will be requested to not engage,” FRIDAY returns.
Across the room there is a progression of sketches of younger versions of Natalia being trained by the Asset trail into a painting of Black Widow and Winter Soldier and  and on different sides, bullets hanging midair, before ending in a statue of them fighting side by side - Nat and Barnes.
When Steve settles beside him today, Tony doesn’t do any of that.  He just leans forward, finishing soldering the fine wires in front of him.  It’s steady work, moving down a line of the circuit, rotate and repeat. He flips the board and continues on the other side, before turning off the tool and pulling back.  He grimaces as he inspects the work. Not bad but sloppy. He’s gotten used to the help of JARVIS or gauntlet when it comes to the fine work.
After a moment, he pulls off, pulls back, and settles breathless beside Tony. Fingers still curled around each other, hip bones pressing and sweat soaking the sheets.
But when the kid bounces into the compound and sees Tony leaning casually in the kitchen, drinking some coffee, he goes, "
“Shellhead?” a hauntingly familiar voice calls out.
Carol is the first person to look sideways at him but not the last.  “Are you sure?” she asks in a hard tone. “You could barely stand up a few hours ago.”
They both smile at that, and Steve straightens away from the wall where he has been leaning.  Maybe he can -
For the first time Tony has hope for this.
Tony cracks open the bottle and takes a sip before replying.  “When I signed, I signed with the contingency that my lawyers were going to take a look and suggest changes.  The UN had to vote on any changes to amend the accords.”  Tony shrugs.  “My lawyers came back with round one of their findings.  I’m going to present them in the next session.”
, his mind whispers.
Tony thinks and it feels like a punch to his gut.
Tony runs a hand through his hair.  It’s a bit longer than his usual cut these days.  Maybe it’s time to bring back the gel.  “Of course you do.”  He leans toward Spidey.  “Wait until she starts verbally abusing you about your life choices.”
"Did you not see that show back there? I was your dog and pony in that show. You guys need to step up your media presence. Do you need training? I know some lovely PR people who would love to get their claws into you and your organization."
Tony feels like he has been punched in the arc reactor, and it’s unconscious when he replies softly, “Cap, call me Tony.”
"Too many ghosts rattling around there," Tony agrees. He crosses the room to the glass table littered with papers, books, and other assorted junk. He shuffles but ultimately leaves the mail with Wilson's D.C. address at the top of the pile.
Tony sits, and Steve begins narrating something about how he found this recipe and how corn reminds him of summer in the '40s.  His mother's love of corn chowder and how it would last for days and days.  Tony eases through the conversation, through dinner, through the clean up after.
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
Mom hisses at him, quietly furious.  “
“Bagels,” Steve replies just as quiet.  Tony starts shaking uncontrollably, and Steve grips onto him a little bit tighter, pulling him closer until Tony is basically in his lap.  “It’s me Shellhead.”
Memories I didn't get to use and honestly were never long enough to elaborate on.  (I have a separate doc from the chapters of plot with only memory ideas.  Yes my google docs are a hot mess.)
Steve treats him like he's normal, like what Thor said means nothing beyond the moment that it happened in, and Tony is so grateful for it.  He knows Steve stares at him from time to time, but he never tells Tony to stand down.
Steve follows Clint’s gaze to where Tony is discussing some topic, waving his hand to prove his point. Bruce rolls his eyes before countering. Natasha sits nearby, eating popcorn and reading something on a tablet, but she isn’t scrolling.
Tony winces at the old code.  “I’m sorry.  I don’t mean it that way, but after Ultron…” He waves his hand.  “With them.  It was like…”
"Bruce said it has an eighty something percent chance of working."
Tony thinks fiercely.
It looks like Steve, moves like Steve, but all Tony can see is the body on the slab.  All wrinkled and like it’s fallen in on himself. His bulk has deflated, with the serum no longer pumping through his system.  It even raises its hands to each out to embrace him like Steve.
then three.
A hand grazes his shoulder, and Tony looks up. The light in the room has adjusted. Must have been an hour or so. "The rest went to take a look around the training room. You almost ready?" Cap queries.
Everyone holds their breath before a staff with thin, long fingered hand comes out of the darkness.  Out steps, a light skinned humanoid figure. Death is tall, long dark hair braided down it’s back and glowing white eyes.  It sweeps it’s blank gaze across the field, and Tony swears it’s gaze lingers on him a second longer than anyone else, before settling on Thanos.
"I think you are the only one who would right now," he jokes as he shuffles forward. His left arm is moving more jerkily than he wants but at least it's moving. It feels like he's barely kept all his bones in his skin.
It takes him two months to get help.
“It’s easier though,”  Steve adds. “In here with you.”  He smiles and it’s tentative, wary of his welcome here in this room.  Tony can’t open his mouth. Won’t. Doesn’t. But some small iota of his being rattles around, vibrating out of control the longer he holds his breath that he WANTS to tell Steve he’s welcome.
“I don't know how many times I've died," Tony admits, and for once, it doesn’t sound like something that is drug out of him.  It’s something he’s offering up  “It's usually small things.  You know, the heart stops because of a heart condition and faulty engineering."
Tony leans forward and breathes in the smell of Daniel and tries to commit this all to memory.  He’s forgotten the details in the passing years.
"Got it boss," FRIDAY voices from the tablet speakers, and Tony knows there is another prototype being tested in a virtual diagnostic downstairs right now.
It’s his tone that does it. Definitive. Sureness that gives it all away. Tony connects the dots. “They had the Winter Solider do it.”
"Oh thank god boss. The autopilot is offline, and I was about to resort to calling Miss Potts and having her yell at you into moving."
Young Tony leans towards her warm, comfortable presence. "Dad said he was disappointed I hadn't finished testing and documenting the changes I made to the mechanical model of the plane. The engine just stopped working mid-flight, and I thought I had figured out that issue, but it came crashing down in the foyer and just broke apart, and I have to start again. I didn't want to disappoint him again Ana. Not again."
“It’s not happy though,” Tony presses, hand pushing against the stitches.  It hurts sharply and he has to swallow against the pain before letting go. He lifts his head to stare ahead into the darkness.
"Tell me," Rhodey hums.
"You good?" Steve asks one night.
Mom though, she would clutch him close and pepper him with kisses.  He learned to focus on his mother in the stories Ana told.  He would ask about Maria's days as a famous musician.  Her days before him.
Peter falls into, crashes is more like it, him, and Tony thinks,
“I’ve been with you since before you were a sparkle in your parents’ eyes,” it says, and it dawns on Tony in that moment, this is the stone.  The one in his head. “Who would know you better than yourself?”
With a tight grip, he takes a drink before holding his arm out.  His fingers shake slightly.  Tony fists his hand before looking back at all the screens.  “Okay Mark 47.  Let’s start.”
“Oh I’m going to have to name you all,” Tony mutters on the comm channel.  “Giant, No Nose, Hoodie, and Raccoon.” There are a few chuckles on the time, a few different riff on the names.
Reed stretches a hand across the aircraft and directs him to the station he’s working at.  It’s barely ten steps away, and Tony sees the majority of the plane watch him as he leans in.  “Tony, we need you here, working on solving the problem here.”
Tony’s grin is slow and soft, but it’s there. And Steve can’t help but dart in and kiss him, kiss that smile larger, until Tony is laughing into his mouth as Steve wraps his arms around him, hosting him up.
Tony grins, a little bitter at the edges.  “I knew.  I was the first person the name was bragged to.  ‘We’ve got the iron bullet for you and your little suit’,” he repeats, the ugly tone from the call ringing around in his head.  “When I saw the popularity behind closed doors, I knew how this was going to go. There needed to be something to get that same level of positive reaction from the public, and I knew that was coming.  We’re not perfect.  We fuck up.  The second we do, public opinion will turn and we’ll be in jail before we can even issue an apology.”
“Boss you’re really going to want to see this.”
i’m impressed.
You were going to try and stop them and were going to get hurt.  Steve was going to go too far to protect Barnes. I needed to do that so no one would do anything they would regret.
“I was wondering if you wanted to come to mine for Christmas,” she queries.  Her tone is light and airy, like they are talking about the weather.
“Protect!” T’Challa yells, and Tony quickly glances back to the King.  The remaining Wakandian warriors seed the field, putting themselves between the superhero’s and Thanos.
,” Maria rages, and Tony curls against Ana, shrinking back from this figure of his mother he has never seen before.  “I am always thinking of him. I am his mother and what are you? Someone employed in my household who thinks she is more than her station?”
He can feel the other man observing him.  “People will never learn the true cost of their actions if you keep taking on all the consequences of their actions.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dipping his head, Steve picks his analysis back up, “Unless you’re the Hulk and angry and inside the creature.  But we didn’t have as many heavy hitter back then. Or were as well organized.” He watches as the view zooms out and looks at the army hammering itself at the northern wall.  “But then again, I don’t know if we were dealing with these sheer numbers, even with SHIELD’s - ”
The officer nods and pulls back the sheet. Howard’s beaten face stares back at him. It looks concaved a bit, like he was thrown against the car some - he always hated wearing a seat belt. Someone has washed away the blood, and his hair is untamed. Dad would hate to be seen like this. “That’s Howard Stark,” he confirms.
He keeps his eyes outside, watching the pods that zip around.  The flying Vespa’s teen dip in and out of the air, around traffic.  The varieties of people in the holographic ads, some that don’t even look human.  The way buildings dip and curve in new ways.
“Fuck give me a second Fry,” Tony gasps out before shaking his feet and triggering the thrusters to push just a bit more.  He trails the top of the whale thing, and blasts at the Chitauri on top, sending them flying until he can land on the top of the armor.  Friday detects for a moment, screen filled with flying circles until they focus in on a break between the armor on the back and the head at the neck.
He escapes as quickly as he can.
She places the gun down.  “I was wondering when I would see you again,” she whispers.  Fury and Coulson both twitch at that but keep still.
“Betrayed!” Tony bellows, wriggling under Rhodey in an attempt to buck him.  “By my own child.”
Tony would listen to her tell stories of how much he has been wanted and believe her until Dad came back and ignored him.
"It's good," Pepper offers, and Steve shrugs again, out of words.
From 54985-466-8653
He turns back, leaning back in his chair. "Oh you know. This and that."
Tony pushes his chest forward and the arc reactor in the chest lights up before slicing through the whale’s neck and both pieces go flying.  Tony jumps off the side, and notes Barnes and Cap are just next to where the head is projected to land by Fry. He pushes the thrusters coming into their eyeline fast.  “Grab on,” he yells, and the suit stretches, giving them both handles on his shoulders seconds before he reaches them.
"Cap. About Mom and Dad."
It’s been eating him alive the entire time it’s been doing down.  Now’s just a little worse than before.
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
He’ll throw a smirk at Steve at the end.
Then Steve asks, "Would you like to stay for dinner?  It's just some chicken dish I found a recipe online."
When Tony is seven, he spends the entirety of four week span from before Christmas beyond New Year’s in DC while his father oversees the building of the Triskelion, and Peggy, Maria, and Daniel pour over plans in a room he isn’t allowed in.  They talk through scenarios he doesn’t really follow at meals, ask him strange questions, before he is swept up by Jarvis and Ana to work through lessons in messy art, cooking, and the small magics of mending clothes.
(He wraps all his feelings up and puts them aside.  This isn’t his moment. Isn’t his place or turn, or whatever.  He doesn’t matter here. Not right now.
Tony looks at Bruce who kind of shrugs and admits, “Yeah we totally are.”
Steve goes, but as the machine boots up, he feels Nat's eyes on him, heavy and knowing, until they disintegrate.
Tony had said something about getting back before he turned into a pumpkin when he had appeared again.  Makeup had given his face a strange sheen and Rhodey had teased him endlessly all the way to the door of the elevator.  It had felt comfortable, the most comfortable the whole group had been since he had come back.
(See the end of the chapter for
He turns back to Tony and Rhodey.  Both watch him as he shifts his weight, “Mind if I put away my bags and take a shower before we talk Tony?”
“Come here
“Look into scaling it up sir?” JARVIS queries, as mild as milk.
Um...consider this intern demo a wash
“Uh,” Tony looks at Fury and Coulson’s resolute faces.  “A time traveling Tony Stark from like 30 years in the future?”
," he repeats, insistently.  "I'm just…"
“Humans weren’t meant to hold the gems.  Your race was never meant to be put in the war of Titans,” it continues, leaning on her scythe.  “But you,” it smiles, softly and full of the kind of things Death isn’t known for. It’s a trap, he realizes, a spider reeling a fly in.  He has a choice here.
I just wanted everyone safe.
“Oh Master Tony,” Jarvis fondly smiles, and it reminds Tony of every memory he has of being younger.  “You forget that Miss Carter takes any ‘can’t’ as a challenge.”
Sometimes you stare into the abyss, and it stares back, before it blows you a kiss and lets you descend into madness, laughter ringing between you two.  Sometimes it’s a hand outstretched and a smile filled with chances and hope as it says,
“On animals Tony.  Not people, and not on your self.”  Tony raises an eyebrow, and Bruce’s tone gets louder.  “You act like I don’t know about your inability to do proper human testing trials.  You put palladium in your chest and thought that was a good idea.”
Tony nods as he begins to put up his tools precisely.  The work room is a bunch mini disasters on every surface.  Tools in different piles of half completed projects and barely cleaned up by Tony or the bots.  Disorganized chaos.
He take in a deep breath and feels it rattle in his chest.  He closes his eyes for a long moment, praying he doesn’t hallucinate again.  Tony can’t play it off well enough in this group of people, not with how he is right now.  Not in the middle of the plane.
Tony how much have you had to drink tonight
Steve carelessly shrugs, and so she waits a beat, watching him, before wrapping her fingers around the frame.
Rhodes's face doesn't give, but he parries with Tony like usual. There is a shift in the other room, and, later, Tony steals a glance after his heart settles to see Vision staring out at the silent training fields.)
“I’m not being that weird,” Steve huffs.  Bucky hides his grin by taking another sip.  “Am I really being that weird?”
“Yeah,” Steve says roughly in his ear.  “Yeah it’s me Tony.”
He meets Tony’s gaze, “Can’t you hear the singing?”
He comes back to with Rhodey going, “Tony? Tones, can you hear me?  I need you to say something here.  I need you to open your mouth you incessant, over explaining bastard”, desperation dripping from his words.
For a second Tony looks back up, almost directly at him and Steve knows he couldn't know where he is exactly, can't even see his eyes from behind the sunglasses he's wearing but he knows the clench of his jaw.
Hawkeye and Thor had been exchanging stories of ever increasing ridiculousness about different challenges they had been a part of. Tony definitely doesn't believe he had been a part of a bicycle gang for a cover, and Thor, hopefully, hadn't run naked through what sounded like an Amazonian goddess filled planet as a part of his of age ceremony.
They stay in the lab a little longer. Tony working on a few more calculations, Steve working on a painting he realizes he won't ever finish. Won't ever start the if they do this right
Pause.
Tony catches sight of gleaming vibranium. He holds out his right arm, "Fry, turn on the cap magnet." The old joke tastes like ash in his mouth.
“Oh,” Tony replies faintly.
Over T’Challa’s shoulder, he sees the Secret Avengers stepping out to the balcony, various degrees of wariness on their faces.  The king catches his gaze and turns, sliding one hand around Tony’s shoulders.  “It seems we have  a guest visiting us,” he greets the others.
, he remembers saying.  His voice was full of false cheer, back straight and grin firmly on his lips.  Rhodey had had a tightest in his face as he agreed, hand on Tony’s shoulder as they had stood together before Germany.  Before the airport.  Before-
Tony has to look away because the flamethrowing bird comes straight at him, beak open and fire filling the air. "Come on JARVIS, did we need this much fire?"
I created a nerf dart grenade today, so maybe you can patent that?
“Yes Tony?” the AI replies.
Tony huffs a laugh, and reaches forward, splaying his hand across Steve’s chest, “What a pair we make.”
"What stupid shit have you gotten into now?"
But Tony isn't ready for it, so he forces them down. Bites the inside of his mouth so hard he bleeds.
He decided to trust Tony in that moment.  Just trust him at this word, double speak and missing phrases and all that.  Bruce had rolled his shoulder and said, "Okay.  Okay then.  Send me scans."
Please
“You know I used to love you,” Tony tells him.
Steve frowns lightly, “They split, eventually.  Peter used work as his escape after the accident.”  Tony stills, but Steve keeps going. “He ended up in a wheelchair after a battle with Venom.  He just landed badly, and we couldn’t fix it. Pepper offered him a job, and they saved SI.”
(Steve gets cagey sometimes when Tony asks him about friends.  Tony doesn’t push it. Doesn’t push much. Is too scared if he pushes too hard he’ll lose this too.
Steve props himself up on his elbow. “You think all of this?” he waves to Tony’s rapidly cooling body, “was because I was trying to babysit you?”
Steve is standing across the room, sitting on a stool, painting as he looks out the window.  He stills at what Tony’s said, and looks over at him. “Tony,” he starts.
Tony stumbles in his thoughts, trying to redirect himself before he gets pulled under the water again of the rambling path he’s on.
Bruce doesn’t say anything for a while, and Tony can feel the yards of emotional distance between them stronger now than ever before.  It lingers like they aren’t standing in the same room.  The old hurts are still there, wounds they inflicted accidentally - that Tony inflicted upon them both are still sluggishly bleeding in both their psyche's while they are here, on the lab’s cold floor.
"We're ready to jump," Tony says and anything Steve is going to say is lost as the world goes white.
“Mortinos,” Tony says immediately. “I want some pizza.”
"You still stuck?" Tony asks.
“Okay,” he whispers when the door closes and he makes his way down the hall.
Pepper laughs softly.  “You and I both know that isn’t it.”
Something tilts and then he’s the younger version of himself, and he’s looking up at her.  There is something singing in the back of his head.
He does the only thing he knows to do in a situation like this. He stands and puts a hole in his bedroom wall, plaster crumbling under his fingers and dust clinging to his clothes. And it doesn’t make him feel any better. Doesn’t take the antsy energy away. Doesn’t do anything besides put a hole in his wall.
And fall,
Loving Steve seems to be a Stark trait.)
Peter relaxes at that, but Rhodey meets his eyes over Peter’s head, eyes serious.  Tony knows.  He doesn’t need the reminder.  He pulled his punches before. These guys...they didn’t.
This is another stage of trying to find the heart of a problem.
Tony looks at him sometimes when he comes to visit the Compound, gaze heavy, like he is waiting for something. Steve just asks a question. About SI, about Pepper, about something to get Tony started on another conversation until that heaviness goes away.
You should get back to your board meeting.  Thanks for checking in.  I’ll let Rhodey know.
Tony races through what is going on here.  He had extended Peter an offer to work at SI on a permanent basis last week after he finished graduating next week.  He, Peter and Pepper had had long discussions on this topic before, about the careful balance between secret identity and the closer you were seen to Tony Stark, Ironman and CEO.  So it wasn’t a surprise or anything.  But there was something in the lines of Peter’s face that made him look… “Did you go to Gwen’s grave today?”
She thinks about the red room, the whisps of the man with the metal arm breaking her own.
Tony dreams all of this the night before Thanos comes, and he wakes gasping for air like he can’t breath.  Like he knows too much and not enough at the same time.
“I love you,” he tells Tony that morning after Clint told him. “I love you.”
The door opens, and he hears Steve call out.  When he doesn’t respond, he hears Steve’s hurried footsteps in the apartment before the come to a stop in the entryway of the room.
FRIDAY obligingly pulls up the prototypes in the directory. “I’m thinking we go truly science fiction and nanobots.  Cure cancer, allow guys to walk again, accelerated healing without all that nasty radiation.”
Tony strolls into the kitchen a few weeks later, and there's Pepper standing there, sharing a cup of coffee with Steve. Tony had been in there 30 minutes earlier, drinking a smoothie and stealing bites of Steve's "too large even for him" frittata.  Tony had been teasing him about how he stunk post morning run around the compound, and Steve has just told him to be thankful it wasn't the middle of summer.
the real story takes place back in 93
Steve replies, “I do” in that calm Cap tone that always surges Tony with warmth and the knowledge they are going to make it out of this just fine.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dad puts his glass down.  “Tony, you’ve created a board with some markings on it.  That doesn’t mean it’s a working circuit board.”  He is smiling, but it’s not the one he wants and they coo at how he looks just like his father.  The one he uses in interviews, or at the adult parties when he carries Tony around.  Not the one he uses with Aunt Peggy or Uncle Daniel or Jarvis or Ana or even Mom.
"Yes Boss," she replies.
"Tell me a story," he demands and she doesn't say no to him, not about this.  Just tells him about her meeting with the chairman on the house vote later in the week they think is to target SI.
Steve slows the treadmill to a stop, pulling up his shirt to wipe the sweat off his face.  Tony averts his eyes from the cut of Steve's hips, the glistening of his abs. He looks up to tread of the treadmill and sees it already looks a little worn and hisses.  Steve chuckles at the reaction.  "Always working the problem Tony."
The larger general knocks through the forces in front of the Panther like they are nothing, and T’Challa takes off running, before he skids under its legs before climbing up it’s back, swiping at the beings throat.  It tries to throw him off, shaking from side to side. Tony sends a repulsor blast at it’s legs, before he has to look away at Friday’s blaring warning of an incoming projection.
. She doesn’t regret the report. He’s always been motivated by rejection. She regrets the
Tony watches him disappear down the hallway before he sits heavily on the edge of the bed.  He runs his fingers on the edges of the comforter. It’s softer than he is used to, and Tony looks around for anything familiar, but even the lambs are different.  They are soft balls of glowing light.
Steve doesn’t protest the nickname for once.
Steve hasn’t seen Howard in Tony in a long time.)
Tony.  What do you know about brainwashing?
Steve reaches his arm around Tony’s shoulder as they both stare out at the half finished Avengers complex.  The giant A is on the front.
For once, Tony holds his tongue. Watches this moment before him with a white knuckled grip on his glass, ice cube rattling against the sides.  He knows this is one of those moonlight moments that will shatter the moment he says something. So instead he bites his tongue so hard it could bleed.
Rhodey is closer, almost right in his personal space bubble and whispers, “Tony are you high?”
Steve pulls him in until Tony’s nose is buried into the crook of Steve’s neck, and he can feel the pulse against his cheek.  Can feel that he is alive and real. It’s a solid hug too. Steve grips him a little too tightly, like he does when he forgets his own strength.
"Do you even know who you are between the crises?" She asks, direct like she only is when she wants to cut to the heart of the problem. Surgical strikes.
“Okay Steve,” he follows up before looking down at the parts strung out on his table, ready to be assembled. He puts the tool down in his hand and collapses into his seat, like his strings have been cut.
He looks around the empty living room and knows he won't be able to find that again.
Tony takes them both when he leaves the room, carefully shutting the door behind him.
There is a pause.  “Yes boss.  Should I inform you of what results I find?”
And inevitability.
But now, Steve looks up from the book he’s been reading and knows his eyes are wide. “Trying to make sure I don’t make another killer robot?” Tony adds, like he’s goading Steve into a fight.
The leader of the group shoots, and Steve drops down, shield out front, as he runs for the nearest table.  Sparks fly, and Tony watches as Steve calculates the angle and then throws the shield out, taking the legs out of three of the guys.  Their shots go wild, and it takes out one of the two remaining upright guys. Steve is already running at the last one, who can't take a shot as Steve leaps on the tables, then kicks off a pillar and throws an arm around the guy's throat as he spins until he lands behind the guy. The other man struggles for a moment before the oxygen deprivation becomes too much.
He wants to smooth away the lines on her face like he used to when they were younger and didn’t speak in half truths and hide things from each other.  Back when they would huddle around Peggy’s Christmas tree and listen to stories from the older generation, skipping sections as they looked back to the younger ones.  Back when they didn’t have others blood on their hands too.
He takes off to the air, helmet open as he takes in the slow spread of an ear to ear grin on Peter’s face before his helmet crawls back across his face and readies for the onslaught.
It feels like something that has been happening for years.
“Boss,” Friday says faintly, and Tony shrugs her off.  Know what she is going to say, what she is programmed to say.  Fall back or some other nonsense. But he can’t. Not now.
Jan dies during the Skrull conflict.  Hank...doesn’t handle it well. He turns against the avengers, against the world, lost.  Reed takes him under his wing, tries to bring him back. Hank, lost to grief and having lost himself, kills Sue Storm.  “You match me now,” his crazed form says in the video to a thunderstruck Reed.
He chuckles a bit at the pun. Steve moves his hands and traces his forehead, smoothing the lines there. “I’m sorry,” Steve mutters. “I didn’t think you would want to be blindsided by this one day.”
But the way he curls Tony’s name, the utter reverence that Tony has only ever heard from Tony’s mouth is on the level with very few things that Tony has in his life. He squeezes Tony’s hand, holding on as tightly as he can, lifting himself up.
"With your life?" Tony snorts, eyes drifting as they both think about Siberia. About the sound the shield made as it hit Tony's armor again and again. Steve can taste the fear and desperation he had had.
“No,” Steve smiles, gently.  “You can come this way.” He leads Tony down a hallway, and the lights come on every three steps ahead of Steve as he heads.  Effortless elegance in how the systems anticipate his every move. Tony wants to know how it knows. Is it a house AI or something new?  Have they discovered a new level of application for neural networks for house so they are living breathing things.
There is something in T’Challa’s face that spasms as he crosses to Tony’s position in long strides.  “You inspire a different feeling in me, Tony,” he says sincerely.
There are environmental factors he hasn't finished yet, like the wind. He needs to make sure to add a randomizer to any wind generation, so Clint will have to think on his feet and can't predict the changes. Also, he can't forget to make sure the drones that have traces of Vibranium in their skeletons are focused on Thor and Cap since they can take the heavier hits.
"Not your fault either Tones."
Most people look away at that point, muttering to themselves and nodding.  Even the ones who came with him. Tony knows he’s the villain in a lot of people’s stories right now.  He knew it would lean this way the second he took his stance on the Registration Bill. He had been fine with it.  He had known it was for the best, and they would see it eventually.
“A shield of armor around the world,” he huffs.  Sharon clocks it, but doesn’t look away as she takes out another enemy.  She is steady, but the grim set of her thinned lips give her away, like Peggy’s had always given away her feelings.
"Never boss."
She's a super spy. She could figure it out.
“Time to reap you pet,” it whispers, and touches Thanos’ frozen forehead before he winks out of existence as well, the scream on his lips dying before it can be voiced.
tar and feather him kid
The whale lands, taking out a chunk of the Chitauri forces underneath it, and once they are high enough in the air, out of the way of the way of the nearest whale and the Chitauri on the speed, Tony slows to a hover.  “That was close,” Steve murmurs, and Tony nearly laughs at the understatement. He looks to Tony and then adds, “Greenpeace isn’t going to be happy.”
There is so much he wants to see, so many moments with his team - his family, that he wants.  He wants to see Pepper finally realize who her true person is. He wants to see Sharon rise through the ranks of SHIELD and take over from Fury.  He wants to see Peter graduate. He wants to see Bruce finally settle enough to accept both sides of himself. He wants to see what changes T’Challa makes upon the world. He wants to see Rhodey become a general, and annoy him in his office.
The next week is talking through the updates in Arc Reactor technology.
Steve’s laughing when Tony pulls back to watch Steve’s eyes crinkle. “I like you Steve Rogers,” he admits breathlessly. It feels like the arc reactor is constricting his heart, even though Tony knows that isn’t what’s happening.
“Hey can you two stop being soft and let me ask Tony some questions?” Peter’s voice carries from the hall.
“White lies are still lies,” Tony replies.
Clint shrugs and steps up back to her side. “They could charge him as one. There are enough people he’s pissed off. And if they need to bribe a few people,” Clint grins. “That’s what PACs are for right?”
"Before Ultron but after Manhattan, where I thought, maybe all this could work,” he tells the ice.  Tells the snow.  Tells the shield on the ground near him.  Tells himself.
“It’s too late for removing the accords,” T’Challa says finally.  “I have heard you are looking to make changes to the current version.”
“How are you?” Steve asks Thor once Tony’s hidden from his view once again.
Something passes through his eyes, quick, before Steve turns back to the holographic map in front of him.  The others are on the screen, watching their exchange.  "Change of plan team," he announces and starts going through another plan on the comms.
Red Wing slides in and tazes a group of five who slump down.  This gives Captain America just enough space to step back and duck the next punch at his head.  Falcon drops into a nearby group with a flying kick.  They go at it for a while, and Tony is clutching the ARC reactor enough that it is biting into his hand.
Steve looks back at him, and how small he looks in the hospital bed. How fragile.
So he doesn't say,
It’s a bit like when he initially went and walked Brooklyn after he woke up.  Some things are the same, but home isn’t home anymore and he knows it down to his bones.  He can either try to get familiar with the landscape or just give up and find somewhere new.
Steve drops a kiss on Tony's head before leaning his head on top of Tony's. "Just standing where I want to."
“If it’s for science,” Bruce retorts.  Spidey slumps bodily this time.
“Still,” Steve presses. “Thank you. For all of this.”
[2] Variously spelled koushari and koshary - a nourishing vegetarian dish of rice, lentils, macaroni, garlic and chickpeas, brought together by a spicy tomato sauce and topped off with fried onion from Egypt
She tosses her head back, and it’s strange to see shades of Peggy, younger, fierce and determined and unlined in Sharon’s stance that he had never noticed before.  “Now are you going to do this or not?”
Tony looks to Steve, who is still smiling, pleased with himself.  "He said that huh?" He asks aloud.  But the kid is off to the races, rattling off facts and figures and discussing the new suit and some fight he had last week with a crocodile.
“We were tracking down some old Hydra black sites. Natasha sent us a list a while back when she gave us the file from her KGB contacts for the Winter Soldier.” Steve pauses, and there will never not be some sort of unbearable pain that lines his shoulders when he thinks about all those years, the freezing, the killing, the brainwashing, the screams that plagued Bucky Barnes. Tony knows, just like he knows Steve, this is something he can’t smooth away. This part of Steve was ripped apart that night Barnes fell from the train - shredded to the point it can’t be repaired.
He dips his brush in dark blue and goes back to the dying light in the sky.
Steve glances at the nearest camera and rolls his eyes before putting a hand on the door knob.  "Three inside, cameras look like two scientists and someone strapped to the table.  Room must be soundproofed because they didn't react to your fight at all."
I'm working on the latest chapter for fpe, honest.
They become friends again.  It’s easy, like putting on a sweater he has forgotten was an old favorite.  It fits, a little worn, but he patches it here and there. Finds new ways to show it off.  Finds new outfits to pair it with.
They run tests.  Tony tries to protest but ends up just silently watching after a while, trying to figure out the technology they are using without displays as they type patterns out in the air before a system turns on.
Later...later he will think on all this more and hurt and work until his brain stops thinking and heart oozing like a a gaping mortal wound.
Stark," comes over the communicator.
[5] (Russian) take care of our family (per Google Translate so this one is probably wrong)
They are in one of the many conference rooms in the tower. All the clear glass in the room transitions into tinted when Tony barks out an override. Steve places his hand on the glass and it takes a second for JARVIS to recognize him but then shifts the glass.
He has heard some of the stories, read detailed encounters in files, found Howard’s journals and traced where curiosity had turned into interest, twisting into loyalty and friendship before trailing into romance and love.  Howard had always been devoted to Maria, in love and willing to give her whatever she had asked for. A child, a family - anything, he had burned down the world for her.
It’s worse than a death because it is a choice to leave.
She knows it isn't that black and white, but every day it feels more like she made the wrong one.
He feels the ache down in his chest. Grainy footage fills his mind. Blood rushing down the side of his face, in his mouth. He killed my mother, rings in his ears.
And he owes Bucky. He is the reason Bucky became the Winter Soldier, and if fixing his mistakes means Tony hates him, well, it's still the right thing to do.
“Yeah,” Tony said, exhausted to his bones.  He leans heavily on a counter, opposite side of the room.  The bags under his eyes hurt.  He looks away from Bruce.  “I murdered 2,375 people in Sokovia. 37% were under the age of 12.  They didn’t even get to torture their parents with their terrible teenage years.”.
Steve studies him for a long time before replying, “You’ve been the man left behind a lot, haven’t you Tony?”
" mission to take down some HYDRA cells and providing support.
(Later, he knew Steve had meant Barnes.  Couldn’t have meant anyone else.
“Not gonna ask.  Just sketch up something cute we can merchandize and we’ll never speak of it.”
“What about them?”
Spidey leaps up on the ceiling again and starts moving on all fours.  Bruce follow the kid with his eyes.  “No, nope, nooooo.  It’s all good!  You’re never getting the suit back!” He books it upstairs.
Tony looks down at his own hands. "I never knew."
He puts a small device on the vest and shrinks it until it’s too small to view on the screen.  Lang tosses it to the ground, and there is small flare of fire, but it is quickly put out by the dirt.  The superhero shrinks himself and the camera loses him from there.
(When he has Sharon on the line.  Michael. Steve.
(He had told all of his guys, quietly, as Cap and his band of misfits had approached,
Younger Tony goes down. His Tony goes down like a rock too.
They stay in that moment for a while, just staring.  “Steve?” he finally asks again. This time he reaches out, because he has to.  Can’t just
"There was a moment," he says, dazed. His vision is blurry, doubling.  Then tripling.  If he squints, he can see the fight playing out in front of him.  Barnes and Steve double teaming him, and Tony quickly losing the higher ground with every attack.
“Is there anything we can do for the families, for your country?”  Tony had pressed.
home, Tony thinks.
Maybe there is a way he can simplify it down to a way where it can slip under the clothes for users. Looking like an accessory instead of a crucial piece to the lives of some people.
It makes sure this doesn’t happen to anyone else.
"How did you know about my mission in Guadalajara last month?" Natasha queried. "That was level 7."
But he wishes he had gotten to tell them, one last time,
He pulls the brush away even though he wants to finish the well tread path in the grass that he had run every morning, still runs every morning. Because Tony deserves his full attention for this.
His father sketches, hums and mutters as he works.  His scotch glass marks the fine paper he uses for his blueprints.  Usually, Tony is sitting beside him, as close as he can to his lap or the table, depending on Dad’s mood that day, taking in the designs with wide eyed delight, and listening to the careful explanations or the loud mutters as he slashed through designs and adding notes in the margins.
They choke him. Instead he just shrugs, wordless as he watches he realization bloom on both of their faces.
"Yeah," Steve replies, after a long long time.  He looks down at the guy on the slab, withered away until he looks over 200 years old, barely skin and bones.  He sounds far away, and Tony knows it's not the comms this time.  "Yeah."
The penthouse in New York is gleaming.  Aunt Peggy sits at the table in a loose blouse and slacks.  There’s more grey in her hair than brown, and the crows feet around her eyes are deep.  He looks early twenties.  “What brings you to town?” he asks, pouring them both a two fingers of whiskey.
Their trio dance through the halls of the house, laughing.  Tony is charged to read a book a week and explain it to Ana in rambling conversations where she asks question after question until it dissolves into an impossible theory about what it all means that makes no sense to Tony until the third discussion when she pulls him close and whispers, “Never assume the narrator knows everything. Even if the narrator knows everything, they don’t and they only see it through their own vision.”
Tony raises his hand in the Vulcan salute, and Steve’s hand makes the gesture as well.  He’s smiling when Tony looks away as he gets in the pod.
yeah.
Sincerely,
Cap is surrounded.  There is blood coming from his temple, and he’s wearing a new costume.  It’s without the usual stars and stripes, dark blue kevlar body suit similar to the old mission outfits SHIELD used to use. This outfit has tapered pants and his old Captain America boots.  Blonde hair is a wild array of spikes, standing on end, and his face is grim as he makes a comment, smart alec most likely.
(He finds out later, from Peggy, what had happened all those years ago.  She had taken a shot from Tony’s flask before and after she finished the story.  Both stand under a tree at the cemetery, a good distance away as they watch Jarvis, bent impossibly small, tracing the letters on the tombstone.
"Ed from LA something, you're up."
Steve watches him closely, looking for weakness, so Tony continues, honest finally, “I’m not handling it too well, but I’m trying.”  He looks away after saying that, not wanting to see Steve’s face soften.
It’s five weeks later when Tony finally says, “Your best friend broke my arm in new and exciting way, and you broke my brain.  I can’t get you out, even on the drugs.”
“It seems like Extremis can’t regenerate them, so you will have to adapt to what you have,”  The main doctor, the one talking, looks over his glasses at Tony. “You aren’t dumb. Not by a long shot.  It’s just going to take you a while longer to comprehend something, and you’ll have to accept that you won’t ever get some others.”
Steve doesn't know if when he dies in the battle if there will be any impact to his younger self. He thinks it won't be an issue.
Steve never explains what he draws. Never really talked about it with Tony. He’s seen the canvases in the shared space, but they...they have never discussed it. Tony’s looked at him, curious, but Steve always feels something in his throat seize when he tries to put words to what he is doing.
“You won’t talk of my wife in that way,” Jarvis states, firm. He takes a step closer to Maria, and this time she doesn’t move.  “You are drunk and will leave this room,
Tony wants to snort.  He has always been running on borrowed time, since he was captured and a battery hooked to his chest.  Instead, he grins with too many teeth and says, “Then let’s make the borrowed time count Doctor.”
,” Tony gasps.  “You like him more than me, your dear old dad.  You are the worst daughter.”
Natasha asks how long it will take to call the others to arms, and T’Challa spins the ring on his finger until his nail hits an edge on the smooth metal and the band lights up for a moment before pulsing silently, a royal purple.  He nods to the bay window behind them, and they watch as people begin to file into buildings and then out.
He makes a grab for the pillow, and Tony moves it before his fingers can touch.  Rhodey makes another grab, and they end up wrestling over a decorative pillow with a whale on it for a good five minutes.  Vision strolls by as they fight, throwing different nicknames at each other, and murmurs something to FRIDAY.
Thanos stumbles under the onslaught of the arc reactor going critical.  The grip of the stones loosens just enough for Friday to get the nanobots to move and open up at the back before forcing Tony out.  The suit begins to spark before it gets hit by a bolt of lightning and explodes, sending Thanos rocketing backwards. Tony looks upwards and sees gaping chasm open in the sky, and Thor rocket down to the ground beside him.
Tony does, looking for cameras in the corners of the building.  He sees none.
Steve’s smile starts to fade, and Tony’s crumbling resolve finally gives up the ghost. “I’ve learned that when dealing with big changes it’s always the little details that get you.  So keep an eye out for those sneaky bastards,” he grins. Steve’s relief is palpable as he sinks back into the couch.
“Tony,” Steve reaches out and Tony flinches away when one hand tries to grip with his wrist.  He looks concrite and pulls back, shrinking into himself. “I never meant for you to feel that way.  Let me fix this.”
I believe I have time before.  I will detour to New York first and come by the Avengers Compound to discuss this.  If you would not mind, we could travel to Austria together.
He looks back across the field at Thanos’ gauntlet.  There are nearly six stones there. He looks back at the briefcase before looking to Sharon.
On day eighty three, Bruce pushes his glasses up his nose and reports, “I think we’ve finished the nanobots.”  He puts his hand back on the table he was leaning on.  Tony is on the other side of the table, staring past him at the TV he has 4 separate screens open on.  He taps away at the keyword, finishing up the clean up on the method for have the nanobots deactivate when programmed.
"We'll find him," Tony says, quietly. "But it's good he isn't here.  That he wasn't strapped down to that bench."
He blacks out for a moment and comes to wheezing, feeling every breath hurt in the familiar feeling of broken ribs. The suit reminds him he has little to no power left in it, and Tony mutters, “Warn SHIELD I am disabled and need back up.”  There is no response, and he listens to his call for help echo without anyone picking it up.
“Oh,” Tony utters, quiet and contemplative.  “Why me?”
“Black Widow is currently helping out in this situation but she still stands with the Accords.”
The words Natasha uses aren’t the ones that can be translated easily. She switches between languages as she goes, sifting through images on the holographic projection as she speaks lowly. Steve’s stilled in the back, where he was shifting uncomfortably on the sleek modern furniture that Wakanda tends to favor. She knows he misses his well worn place in the couch in Tony’s lab. She knows a lot of things, and Natasha regrets not knowing more in this moment.
I’m including you in that too
He had laughed like it hurt to hear
"You," Pepper pauses for a moment.  And Tony closes his eyes against what he knows she is going to say next.
“You okay?” Bucky asks, deep into his latest beer.
The first time Steve sees Tony, since everything - all he can notice is how much of the same he is.  Talking a mile a minute, sunglasses across his eyes, wild gestures.  He’s chatting with the Spider-Man kid, grinning while T’Challa’s younger sister explains how very wrong they are for making assumptions about something.  Bruce is just outside the group, and every once in a while Tony looks back to make sure he’s still there.  Still a part of the conversation.  Still right there.
Tony runs his fingers around the edge of the white surface and watches as it reorients to face him.  He presses the temperature icon that brightens before going holographic presenting a week long forecast, hour by hour options available and the condos’ internal temperature schedule corresponding for each day pop up to the right.
“Okay,” Tony says before pushing off the railing.  “I need to head in.”
“Tony you could have just talked to them,” Bruce states to the quiet room as he turns.
but Pepper's smile is brilliant and distracting.  "Tony!" She cries and puts her cup down before pulling him into a hug.
Then everything speeds up, and time
“We’re looking at the justice process behind any infractions, the protocols for engaging the Avengers, and how each of us sign them.  Maybe making them individualized sign ups since we all engage as superheroes on different scenarios.  Maybe have someone as main point of contact,” Tony voices to that spot behind T’Challa.
Tony whimpers, curling into himself a little, counting the breaths he takes in between clenched teeth before unfolding and catching Bruce’s worried gaze.  “I’m glad it’s you looking into this,” Tony utters, too tired to be anything but honest.  “I tried and I tried, and I can’t find anything to make this work.”
The memories threaten to overtake him, but Tony pushes and thinks,
Rhodey turns.  “You keep talking, and I’ll stop this.”  He pulls back his hands from Tony’s feet, and Tony whines, thrusting his sock clad foot in Rhodey’s face.  Rhodey just stares him down, and Tony can feel himself slumping on the couch.
“Welcome back Tony,” Peter cheers.
A text comes in while Tony is cleaning up.
He's about to duck out, back to the new schematics he's looking at for SI.  A new chip because Pepper had been complaining about negotiations with other companies and supply chain dynamics.  He had filed it away because she had been so frustrated in those weeks leading up to their break up, and now working on it stings faintly, but it's still something to solve.  Something he
Tony shrugs and looks down at his hands and sees them shaking.  He crosses them before looking back up at the uneasy group. “We need to suit up.  The shield’s numbers are falling, the strategy is set. We’re all fighting. Any extra protection will bring unnecessary attention to the stone bearers.  Knock down the bad guys and then tackle the giant grape soda.”
An alert alarms and Tony looks back up to the whale thing flying overhead and shooting upwards.  “How much does it suck to get eaten?” He comms Bruce on the open channel.
You’ve lived an interesting life
Being selfish isn’t his only sin, just his greatest one.)
before taking to the air, Vision watching her as she floats over to the other group.  Clint throws an arm over her shoulder when Wanda lands and mutters something close to his ear. He looks across the way to Peter and then to Tony and gives him a thumbs up.
"I have issues with everyone," Steve says.  "I've always found it easier to add to the conversation.  Not start it."
Tony remembers the long nights huddled next to Uncle Daniel while Howard went off to work and Aunt Peggy and Mom went on some adventure.  Remembered the way he had always tucked Tony in, making sure the blankets in tight, like a hug. Remembered how a promise always came true with Daniel, unlike others.
Tony hadn’t been sure T’Challa had known what he had done.  Not all of it.  He nods shortly.  “I’ll think about it.”
Tony leans up as the TV turns on.  The screen is too bright against the lens of his glasses, so he pulls them off as the sound resounds in the workroom.  “Reports are saying the Captain America, Hawkeye, Scarlet Witch and Falcon are helping the rebels in the Kurdistan conflict.  Here is cell phone footage of Scarlet Witch helping in a refugee camp.”
"Tony," Bruce paused, not wanting to blunder the approach.  "Is there something I need to know?"
"Thanks for this Tony." Steve's relaxed, lips twisting upwards. "I think we really needed this."
Steve opens a drawer before handing him a box, sheepish.  “I don’t know what level you wanted to start on, but I thought this would be a good thing to do while I’m out on the next mission.  It’s something the kids like.”
Tony’s fingers catch on the ends of his hair and pull him as close as he can, mapping the inside of Steve’s mouth with a sudden excitement. Steve kisses back with just as much ferocity as he can. Tries to say the things that have been caught in his throat for so long with his mouth.
He thinks about the ways they fought in meetings, plans strung between them. He thinks about Tony's face that day the Accords were presented. How tired he had looked.
Some intern said the hulk was a mindless idiot and he wouldn't listen to anyone say anything otherwise
Steve goes down.
“Right hand side, 20 degrees,” FRIDAY murmurs in his ear.
“He told me,” Steve adds, after a moment.  “He told me if you ever came back to tell you he loved you.  And to make sure you were taken care of.” He pauses, and Tony feels his shoulders begin to shake.  “I don’t like breaking promises Tony, so I’m glad you woke up.”
She takes another sip, and they both stare out at Manhattan below them.  The nightlife beginning to pick up and the lights of cars as they move down the blocks.  There is a white smattering across the tops of some buildings, and some lit up trees lining the blocks.
Steve’s throat is dry, and he thinks he isn’t he isn’t he isn’t on loop but it won’t move his tongue, the denial. It just sits there, heavy on his throat weighing him down until Steve thinks he is sinking in the feeling of it.
“A better version,” Tony agrees.
“These are not the first version of the Accords,” T’Challa states, and it’s like all the air is sucked out of the room. “There was a version presented to the UN that had any one who presented with enhancements that could not be proven as a technological equipment and studied by private labs before deemed as safe for the public, to be placed under an undisclosed military group to be ‘put to work’.” Natasha can hear the air quotes as he speaks. “Many of you in this room would have fallen into the groups they called ‘enhanced’.”
Tony hums as Steve traces his eyebrows as he continues, “I just didn’t know how to tell you.”
“You know,” Steve begins before pausing.  He fiddles with his chopsticks before continuing, “you can just take it easy.  Take some time off.”
Do you think
(He bites his tongue, talks around the fights and feels guilty with the easy way Steve talks to him.  He pushes it down, like he does with everything these days, and quiet his thoughts the best he can.
Pepper hums.  "You usually aren't this in touch with your feelings."
It doesn’t.
“You aren’t having any issues with the cool down system?” Tony asks as he pokes Spidey in the side of the neck with a stylus.
She had suggested it, but he has been the one who had agreed quicker than he should have.
“Of course you are,” Steve says, looking at the silver fingers around his wrist, and the sheen of the metal.  Almost a year old, and it looked brand new.
Always.
Tony stills.
“Meet Vision,” Tony introduces.  “I think we’ve decided that you are his mother Brucey bear.”
Tony watches him, noting the move of the cameras as FRIDAY follows him too. "Fry, inform me if he-" he starts.
There is a grunt and Cap says, "Not when they just nearly got my eyebrows."
Tony contemplates the green board for a moment before turning his gaze back to his father.  He can see Mom watching the scene intently.  Her eyes are on both of them, dominoes abandoned completely, while Jarvis and Ana consulting over the unfinished game.
I crammed so much crap in into this chapter to just get it done and over with.  Hopefully the next chapter won't take 3 months.   Also this is now a series with a side stories thing called //commented out.  I have a few things I want to cram in there eventually that i missed in this chapter in my rush to get it done.
Tony pulls them to the side of the hallway and looks Steve in the eyes.  He’s got the look where he is going to fix this. Tony smiles softly, “Okay Steve.”
Jarvis looks back, and Tony can see a glimpse of the older Jarvis in his smile, the one who survived Howard and Maria and even Ana. "We're more than that Master Anthony."
Draft reply to 54985-466-8653
He sees himself, looking at Steve, back in that hallway, back in the beginning, and the hope rising in his throat with a
It’s like watching two shooting stars across the sky, something beautiful and potentially devastating.  He knows Rhodey makes it, knows how this ends, but as the other man gets closer and close to the ground, Tony closes his eyes against the image of the impact.
“Tony?” they cry.  “We’ve been stranded here.  Did you see our distress signal?”  Fake Sam takes off, flying up to meet him.
It doesn’t take that long before he falls back under.
It falls from his lips, easily and he repeats it until Tony’s face clears. Steve stands there, waiting for something and Tony pulls him in easily. He places his hands on Steve’s cheeks, looks into his eyes, and says, “Are you sure?”
“Yeah," Steve says, and it sounds ragged, like he's been running for miles and miles.  "Yeah."
He puts his hand on the glass, fingers pale against the lights on the grass.  “If I had held onto him, on the train, he wouldn’t have been down there. He would have had grandkids and be older than dirt, laughing at me from his rocking chair.”
“I’ll take care of all of it,” Howard repeats, and Tony closes his eyes so he can stop wondering what exactly he means.
It takes him two months, but the image he wakes up to of Peter hyperventilating and saying, “Mr. Stark, Tony,
“What does that mean?” Tony asks.  “Get to the point. We have a war to go fight.”
They return to him, and Tony’s checking his diagnostics when there is a roar below him.  Hoodie comes flying at him, bladed end of his weapon first and Tony edges higher before opening up fire on his open back.
Rhodey is shaking into his chest, and Tony knows Bruce is a few levels above.  Vision is grinning at him with a smile he stole from Clint, and Tony feels something for longer than a second that isn’t an endless darkness in his soul.
He spreads his arms wide.  “Not your problem any more.  Why the hell do you care about us.  You
“How did you come up with?” Dad says as he takes the board from Tony.  Tony shrugs as his father turns it over.
"Of course," Steve replies, tone off and Tony wants to stand his ground and ask
“The normal things.”
"You do people?" She asks, curious. Steve goes to the stack of canvases in the corner, and presents her with one he had done for one of the numerous parties they had held in the Tower. Her and Natasha chatting with some of the others, her arm is linked with a suit clad elbow, Tony, he knows. They both know. But he's not in frame. Not painted.
