John slipped his fingers inside his pocket and touched his wand. “Why do you ask? Do I look like a Muggle?” he answered.
Rosie insinuated herself between her two fathers, linking arms as John muttered “He’s got a special wing in his Mind Palace for magic but he can never find the door.”
Sherlock spoke softly, but confidently, so utterly sure of himself that it made John’s heart ache. Was Sherlock really that naive? To believe they could have that kind of life -
“Hmmm.” John watched a butterfly flit over the hedges. Beside him, Sherlock shifted uncomfortably, then sighed.
John might have been a damaged man, and he might have been an angry man. He’d looked death in the eye more than once. When he was down, he got up again, and fought another day. He wasn’t a coward, and if he had anything to hide, he had good reason to keep it hidden.
What followed was a completely humiliating process in which the rescue crew stood below him to assess the situation then, while they brought the appropriate ladders over, one stood below him and said “Aren’t you that detective bloke?”
Mycroft’s expression, illuminated only by the dim light from the bedside lamp, did not change. He stared at John, his eyes sharp behind the pain that should have had him begging for relief.
Sherlock frowned. “Well yes – that. But Bogsworth, John! He’s going to Bogsworth! And do you know what that means?”
He heard nothing, hardly felt the shift in the air, when a hand clapped down hard over his mouth and a voice as soft as moonrise whispered in his ear.
When he made his excuses and stood to leave a few minutes later, stating that he had to check on his patients, both Sherlock and Molly were sitting cross-legged on the floor, the coffee table between them, the tea and sandwiches still forgotten. Sherlock did look up long enough to ask if John would be returning for their dinnertime outing.
“My brother has never lacked confidence,” Mycroft said. He was growing tired, or the pain was getting the best of him. John could hear the exhaustion in his voice now. “And you, Dr. Watson, are far more than half a physician. I am quite sure my brother would argue the point as well. And do not be fooled – I know my brother well, what fuels him, what feeds the inner fire. And I know his foibles, his weaknesses. And through it all, I see his potential, what his mind can do with the right stimulus, under the right circumstances. Until he was injured, he was a veritable powerhouse. The data – the transmissions pouring through the system, trickling down to him, was enough stimulus to keep him on target. Beware, Dr. Watson – beware of Sherlock Holmes when he grows bored. I would advise you to remember his past, and to put the morphine under lock and key, but given what I witnessed earlier, and the conclusions I subsequently drew, my brother won’t be growing bored for quite some time.”
“One hundred and seventeen buttons,” he said, “each shaped like a honeybee in flight and no two exactly the same.
John blinked. He lifted the hand towel he was holding and calmly wiped bits of shaving cream off his chin.
There was no real need for the disguise, thought John as he followed. The man blended into the walls, into the woodwork, footsteps seemingly in tune with the ticking of the clocks, the groaning of the wind over the moor. Not once did he look back to make sure John was following, nor did he slow his pace to accommodate someone less familiar with the manor, and especially one unaccustomed to moving about at night. He moved in the most self-assured way, comfortable in his skin, assuming his role of leader and having every confidence he was being followed.
“Well, he should have one. He’s single, gay, attractive, a good conversationalist, reasonably intelligent and can afford a flat in a prime location in London on his own”
He’d managed to move the conversation to the sitting area in the music room, and had then gone to find Mrs. Hudson to request tea and sandwiches. He’d found Sherlock and Molly conversing together when he returned, but they’d stopped talking abruptly, and Molly had looked quickly down at her lap while Sherlock cleared a space on the table for the tray. He was certain that neither dared to meet his eyes.
John shook his head. “Sorry. I need to do some research. I wouldn’t want to start down the wrong path and have to pull you off of it midway.”
“You’ll survive,” John said, wrapping an arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulling him in closer. The story, the reporters, the memories of a day he’d tried to forget faded against the solid weight of Sherlock beside him. He slowly released a breath then rested his head on the familiar shoulder. “You always do.”
Sherlock looked at John curiously as John stepped forward, still cradling his hand against his shirt. “There’s more wrong with Sherlock than the epilepsy. His brain injury has affected his ability to do the job he was doing before – he can’t process information like he used to.”
They both looked up at once, and John laughed, and Sherlock squeezed his hand again, harder this time, and John sighed into the touch. For all its lack of intirmacy, the physical gesture was comforting and managed to convey Sherlock’s meaning.
Charlie laughed. “Sitting out in the sun watching Quidditch seems a whole lot better than lying on the castle floor.”
Sherlock is still sleeping at nine o’clock, when Mrs. Hudson comes up with a Christmas morning tea tray, complete with plain biscuits for Rosie and Christmas crackers for all. They eat and drink their fill, but save the crackers for when Sherlock can play along.
Until the end, anyway. And the course of action he’d taken then hadn’t done a damn thing for Mary, though it had, in its own twisted way, leveled the unbalanced scales of justice.
“John, perhaps you don’t realise exactly what these forays into the out-of-doors have given me already. I haven’t spent significant time outside during daylight hours since I was a child. I’ve discovered a fascinating world full of secrets to learn and systems to explore, and all without leaving the grounds of Rosethorne. Imagine what we might find in the world at large. But there you have it – don’t you? That world is at war, and I’ve been given a task to complete. You did your part and you’ve came home to do even more here. I’ve not actually delivered anything since they pulled me from the rest of the decoders.”
Sherlock caught Ginny eye. She did not look amused. He sidled closer to Molly and Arthur Weasley. He doubted Ginny would try to ebolavate him when he was discussing electric automobiles and solar power cells with her father.
John was a most welcoming and cordial host who didn’t ask intrusive questions and seemed to genuinely enjoy getting to know Harry and his family better. Sherlock, however, oblivious to social niceties, turned to Al as they were finishing the meal and blurted “Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Not that I’ve found,” John replied. “Look - why don’t we go back to the other garden while you puzzle it out.” He’d been walking along the wall just past the gate, studying the vines that had crept up and over the wall. He thought that perhaps he
“No, it isn’t, is it?” Sherlock mused. “Fascinating, though. I, of course set off to prove her wrong – that a single bee, a tiny insect, couldn’t possibly be responsible for the death of a grown adult.”
The wind had picked up a bit. He was still over land but was close to the shoreline. What had that friendly but very annoying jump instructor told them about the wind?
- as an escape tunnel from this work-space hidey hole, one that might well lead to a cottage conveniently close to their gardens, was a pie-in-the-sky illusion.
He found he quite liked spending time out-of-doors, and his afternoon meanderings about the gardens grew in length, and he began to venture further away from the Manor, trying out crumbling walks that led to long-neglected terraces and gardens. He encountered his first locked door one misty Monday afternoon, and remembered what Mycroft Holmes had told him about locked doors – that they were locked for a reason.
They’d used the first of the boards from the shed to rebuild the ladder leading to the treehouse platform, and Sherlock had discovered the little spyglass then. It was still mounted, a perfectly sound and functional nautical telescope of the sort you night find on a pirate ship, or so Sherlock had proclaimed – he seemed to have much more knowledge of all things pirate-related than did John, and John had no solid way of disproving him.
He remembered the music he’d heard when he’d stopped before this door. Not piano. Definitely not piano. He glanced around the room. In the corner near a window, one that depicted a busy Victorian-era London street, stood a music stand with sheet music still on it. It was set up for someone quite tall, someone who played standing up, but there was no instrument to be seen.
It was always my intent to finish this, and snow overnight and nowhere I had to be today presented the perfect opportunity.
“Right.” She glanced at the closed door opposite the door to the corridor, then stepped closer to him. “It’s not what you expect, Dr. Watson,” she whispered, removing the bag from his grasp and dropping it onto the chair on top of her newspaper. “Be strong. Remember who this is really about – who you really answer to.”
“I’m hardly rotting away,” Sherlock countered. He kicked at a loose stone on the pathway, and it skittered along and bounced into a neglected flower bed. He stared after it, then turned back to John, sweeping his hand to indicate the gardens. “This, however,
Sherlock stopped beside John and dropped onto the bench with a scoff. “You’ve not been throwing stones at it, have you?”
“Sentiment,” Sherlock murmured, and though John couldn’t see it, his eyes were alive with it. “Sentiment changes people, changes the motivations of the players. Mycroft always underestimates the importance of sentiment. It might be his game, John, but we –
John kept his eyes on the chess board. “I’ve told you my story,” he said. “Or you’ve guessed it. My grandmother, the piano, why I became a surgeon. It isn’t interesting at all.”
Waited. Waited until the time was right and there was no more waiting. Waited until John walked into his arms without hesitation, to Sherlock’s immense and forever surprise, and waltzed with them about the familiar room with only the space of a breath and a child between them.
They moved in for a kiss, keeping their hands clasped and outstretched above their heads. Everyone cheered and raised their joined hands as colorful sparks erupted in the air above their heads.
“Do you really care whether Hamish is or isn’t?” John asked. “He’s rather brilliant no matter if he rides a broom or just sweeps with it.”
Winning in the traditional sense - at least - because it was clear that Sherlock won the game of words, though John scored some direct hits and glancing shots of his own.
“He’s a hedonist. He’ll have the most comfortable bed in the manor,” Sherlock insisted. “The sheets are amazing – he probably has Annie sprinkle rose petals on them before he retires for the evening.”
“You should have a couple of new toggles hanging in front of you now, Sherlock. You can use them to maneuver horizontally.”
John considered that statement, and all it could mean. He didn’t want to chase that rabbit too far right now, with more immediate concerns at hand.
He didn’t get to make many rules the following Wednesday when they were measured for their wedding dress robes.
He dismissed it now, where he hadn’t been able to before, because the explanation was clear. Sherlock and Lestrade were old friends. Their relationship pre-dated John, pre-dated Sherlock’s injury. They were comrades. And until a very short time ago, Lestrade had thought Sherlock was dead.
He wanted to be able to play the note consistently. He wanted the same timbre each time he pressed the key, wanted it to resonate clearly, sink into his skin, into the expensive carpet beneath his feet. He wanted it to sound true.
who saved his life. Your accomplishments in the field give you credence, but even without them, you are, at the heart of things, John, a surgeon. Thus – and we return to where we began – the piano.”
He sprints back and stares into the familiar disorder of his sitting room at 221B Baker Street. John is staring at the human skull on the mantel and Sherlock smiles in delight as he steps around John and his foot crosses the threshold.
Molly laughed. “A year. I was a horrible dancer – I’m clumsy and graceless. I’d have been better at driving a lorry.”
John had an idea that this mystery wasn’t a mystery at all. Not for Sherlock. John would wager, from Sherlock’s initial reaction at seeing the key, that he’d seen it before, or had lost one like it himself. Still, he went along with it and played the game. “I have no idea how you do that – but yes, it was in a tree. In an old tree house, actually – well, under the ruins of the platform, in the bowl made where the trunk split. I put my hand on it by accident, and when I saw what it was, I pocketed it. I thought it interesting. But now I know that the gardener had a whole ring of them when you were a boy, so it’s hardly unique.”
“Um – more or less,” Al answered, already accustomed to Sherlock’s odd magical vocabulary. “Gran likes to do snitches and dragons and brooms and things though.”
“I’m not claiming you wouldn’t benefit from my help,” Sherlock said. “But I agreed to help move the wood into the garden. You have already succeeded in convincing me that this commitment included deconstructing the shed – board by board.”
Which was odd, John thought, as Mycroft Holmes stood at the gate with him, looking in at the neglected childhood tableau, careful not to touch the gate with his hands or his suit. He’d never before, during the entirely of this war and of his service, questioned the necessity of serving his country, or the moral
“I have no idea how this happened but please take him back to the Ministry, reverse it and … no. Better yet, take him back to the Ministry and find him a new family.”
John tried to force away the lump in his throat. Even as he’d sat in front of the piano here at Rosethorne these last weeks, touched the ivory keys, concentrated on plunking down the awkward and heavy fingers of his injured hand, he’d succeeded in remaining stoic and detached. Just physical therapy. Just a way to regain motion, strength, control. Not about the instrument, or the music, but rather about manual dexterity, repetitive motion.
Sherlock, for his part, had plopped himself down on a lush grass lawn and was tuning his violin, ignoring them completely.
They shook hands at last, and Sherlock deliberately looked away, then left the room as purposefully as he’d entered it.
Selfishly, perhaps, he wanted magic for himself as well. He wanted two hands that could coax music from the ivory keys below his leaden fingers. A steady, strong hand to wield a scalpel. Dexterity to pick up small stones from the shore. Strength to toss them far out into the water.
When they finally lowered him to the ground ten minutes later, John was conscripted to fill out the paperwork for him while he posed with the entire crew for an all-hands photo.
“No – he went to Hogwarts. He teaches a special class there on Muggle crime solving. When he gets back, he can tell you all about what he does.”
His like the comforting, familiar weight of the Belstaff. Like the worn violin tucked beneath his chin. Like the blood warming his veins.
His weak hand was fisting at his side and he vaguely thought that this kind of physical therapy would have it strong and useful again in no time.
Sustained him through Moriarty, through his fall and his absence and through all of Serbia. Sustained him until the moment John pushed back his chair in the restaurant and tackled him. Until John’s body crashed against his own, John’s hands clenched at his shoulders, his neck, wanting to strangle him in anger. Until John’s legs clenched around his torso, holding him down while Mary and the other waiters tried to break them apart. Until those eyes – those angry, hurt, betrayed eyes – stared at him and challenged him.
“Which of these things, if you had it back again, would make you happier? To be a surgeon or to play the piano?” He was holding the pawn in his hand, and he placed it carefully on the table, then looked at John with a small smile. “And why?”
“Fresh out of dissidents here,” Minerva said. She shook her head as Mycroft began pulling up fistfuls of grass, but she was clearly more amused than upset. “But I do have an idea – meet me in my office as soon as you get him sorted – I have a detention to run and he’ll be a great asset. I’ll keep him busy while you mind your partner – I do hate leaving Professor Holmes unsupervised. The last time you stayed home on a Saturday morning, he dug up a crup Hagrid buried weeks before and the children dissected it on the faculty table in the Great Hall.”
Sherlock was an adult. He didn’t need John – or anyone – to fret over a past that he’d clearly put behind him.
“Precisely. This Mycroft Holmes potentially grew up flying on a broom.” He stretched out a finger and prodded his brother in the buttocks. “This arse has been gripping a broomstick for years.” He turned toward John. “And it’s entirely your fault, John. You taught him to fly! You introduced him to the joys of the broomstick!”
John frowned. His mind leapt immediately to what he knew about Sherlock – what he’d experienced himself. The violin. Music. And what was music, at the heart of it, if not codes and patterns?
“I’ll do what I can for your brother,” he acquiesced. “But I’m quite sure I won’t suggest anything his doctors haven’t already….”
“Rosie’s day, Sherlock,” John reminded him as Ginny Weasley, looking very lovely indeed and approximately half her age in a Muggle dress that left little to the imagination, spotted James and Scorpius huddled together and glided over toward them.
Molly’s attention was, for the first time, directed to his hand.  She looked at him quizzically, and he lifted his hand off of his leg and attempted to make a fist.
to me,” he hissed. Moonlight from the window illuminated his face, and John’s foggy brain tried to reconcile the attacker’s masculine voice and feminine attire. He blinked – he’d have sworn Molly Hooper had ambushed him, except for what was clearly a very masculine torso pressing down against his own.
He hadn’t spoken aloud, yet Sherlock must have heard him, or more likely still, was reading his thoughts. A hand - the strong, calloused long-fingered hand of a musician, laced through his and squeezed, lifted his fist and pressed a kiss to the back of his hand.
had happened, he didn’t want the answer badly enough to stay here in Mycroft’s presence any longer. He nodded, but even as he turned to walk away, another question rose in his mind,  one that only Mycroft could answer. Gripping the back of his chair, he looked up at Mycroft, who was still standing beside his chair, watching John with tired eyes.
“I’d love to see your work there,” John said, helping Sherlock to his feet once again. “You’ve done such nice work with the flowers and beds close to the manor.”
When John came in at last, having borrowed a few extra minutes to change clothes and shave, Molly and Greg were still in the room with Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson had joined their number. Sherlock was propped up on a stack of pillows, groggy still, and clearly suffering their presence more than enjoying it.
Mrs. Hudson introduced John all around, and he was greeted politely, if not universally warmly – the nurse – who must be Molly Hooper – regarded him, he thought, with some suspicion and distrust. But conversation around him soon picked back up, and he helped himself to eggs and sausage and accepted the basket of toast from the woman seated beside him with a friendly smile. He listened more than he spoke, both that morning and all the mornings thereafter– the quiet chatter told of a staff comfortable with each other, perhaps even more so than usual with the master of the house away. At the other end of the table, someone was going on about one of the patients – the old boy couldn’t keep his hands to himself, apparently, and Annie, who was tasked with delivering meals to the infirmary, was tired of having her bum pinched.
“His co-workers gave him the name Magpie,” Sholto continued. “Did you know the magpie is afraid of shiny objects?”
The woman curled up her tape measure then tossed it into the air. It unfurled itself like some sort of aerial snake then began curling itself around various body parts of Sherlock, giving off a loud ding every time it locked in and magically recorded a measurement.
The walk to the garden was a long one, though Lestrade no longer bothered to lock the gate that had hindered John for so long. They’d worn a wider path through the front garden, but the old table just inside the gate made a good resting place. Charlie complained, and held onto Molly’s arm on one side and John’s on the other, but when they stood inside the garden at last, his absolute silence in the presence of Lestrade’s masterpiece, and the way he held his head up to stare, not trying to look down and away to make the scarred side of his face less obvious, spoke his heart and soul more loudly than words.
“You don’t trust me,” Mycroft said, voice bland, as John remained silent, still standing behind the chair. He didn’t wait for an answer, nor did he seem to expect one, but stood, steadying himself with a hand on a chairback. He looked like a man unaccustomed to infirmities of any kind, confused when his body refused to cooperate. He sorted himself then nodded at John.
Slowly, the music he makes turns from melancholic to joyful, exultant. The chaos, the discord inside, is swallowed by the voice of the violin and emancipated by the look on John’s face.
Alright then. Mycroft had obviously discovered that he’d somehow jumped ahead half a lifetime, that Albus Dumbledore was dead and that Sherlock Holmes was his brother.
“It’s the only way it’s going to happen,” Sherlock insisted. “I need sunlight, and the smell of the grasses and flowers. Noise! I need sound, and the breeze, and the clouds above and birdsong.”
John’s laughter turned into a cough, and it took a moment to catch his breath again. “While all of your ideas are brilliant, why don’t we skip to ten?” John suggested as his hand continued to card slowly through Sherlock’s hair. “You pick somewhere for me – somewhere you and Rosie and William enjoy visiting. No monuments please, and no one else -just the three of you. I don’t care where – you can put me in the round pound in Kensington Gardens if you’d like – as long as you join me there eventually.”
“And our theme is Camelot,” Al added. “What? It’s quirky – but it means everyone can wear what they want and feel perfectly comfortable.”
“John’s a doctor.” It was Mycroft who spoke now. He’d had at least two glasses of champagne and was working through a third. “He’ll get him sorted and back here in a trice. Battlefield triage, John.”
John smiled. “Well, we couldn’t move it like it was – all nailed together  into walls and floor and roof.”
Only a man accustomed to scrutinising an adversary would have noticed the slight tightening of John’s jaw. Mycroft Holmes noticed.
He didn’t pay much attention to the path she took through the corridors, only noting that they passed through an open atrium of sorts, full of plants and sparkling clean windows through which the morning sun poured, and ended in a small sitting room-turned-office which felt, for lack of a better word, homey.
“That’s not an old song,” Molly said. “That’s the bluebird song – mum sings it all the time now.” The edge of her anger seemed to be wearing off.
“You could have had more, John,” Sherlock said as he bent to untie his shoes. He removed them, kicked them under the table, then dropped his trousers and kicked them on top of the shoes. He took more care with his jacket, tossing it casually onto the table. Then, very carefully, he picked up the robes and put them on.
“Precisely. But what you may not know is that the transmissions have already been decoded. The intent is that I study the code itself – dissect it, take it down to its core – and compile a mental encyclopaedia of sorts. One that ultimately enables me to design the perfect, unbreakable code.”
“Stop playing games,” John said angrily. With all the Holmes brothers knew about him, could they possibly
the accident – these things had meaning beyond the obvious. But now – now I’ve lost it. The ability to compile, sort, and ultimately deduce. All those things I read in your file should be obvious to me now that I’ve met you.  The pieces should fall together. But they aren’t – not as they should be, in any case. There are holes – too many holes.”
“What about the boyfriend?” John was willing enough to change direction here, though he was vaguely troubled that Sherlock hadn’t deduced their new neighbor to the point of blood type and internet habits. “Maybe his boyfriend lives nearby.”
Sholto chuckled. “Captain, just keep doing what you’re already doing. You know now what Sherlock is working on. If you can help get him to the goal a bit quicker, all the better. You know what we’re up against.“ His hand, on the table before him, closed into a fist. “You know how important this is.”
“Not so horrible,” John answered. “Long. He wasn’t predisposed to believe me. Did he really find her?”
John, feeling oddly protective of the strange key he’d taken from the tree, and somewhat picked on by the crow, patted his pocket, feeling the key’s weight.
John stills against him, then pushes himself up until he is looking into Sherlock’s eyes. They stare at each other.
“It’s a lovely dress, Mrs. Potter. Perfect for sky diving – it certainly won’t billow up around your face when we’re coming down.”
On the last day of Al’s stay with his father – he’d be off to visit his mum for a couple weeks next - John had the whole family up for dinner.
“Wrong. She’s sleeping with Lupin – but no one knows that either. It’s a bit taboo as they were raised as brother and sister.”
John sank into a leather library chair and dropped his head into his hands. He couldn’t fathom how or why this conversation had veered from Molly’s past to his own love life. He squeezed his eyes shut for a long moment, willing it all away, but when he opened them, he was still locked in this surreal tableau.
Sherlock reached for the robes on top where a bit of silver peeked out at the collar. He lifted it and it unfolded in a silken waterfall into an elegant garment in midnight blue.
John holds a finger out and works it gently against his grandson’s clenched fingers. They open and promptly close around the finger and John smiles as if the child has expressed a preference for him above all others.
“Exactly. Bumbling fools the lot of them. They’ll waste all sorts of time questioning you.  Do try to throw them a red herring or two.”
Rosie Watson won’t remember her mother, and John will bury her memory with the Afghan sun, the rooftop of St. Barts, the bony bottom of a flooded well. But Sherlock Holmes will not forget her – not what she took away from him, nor what she gave him in the end. Her daughter has her smile, her chin, and carries her name. But she has John’s eyes, and she dances in excitement when Lestrade calls with a case, and will develop a penchant for warm jumpers and high drama.
“You’re too shaky,” John said. “Look, Lestrade’s going to help get you back to the manor. We can deal with my hand inside. And then -” he looked at Lestrade again, catching the man wiping tears from his eyes. “And then – you need to tell him what’s going on. And see if we can keep this from Mycroft for a while.”
It was nothing like he’d ever experienced. Foreign, like the desert sand and merciless sun, but familiar, like the warmth of the soil beneath his fingers as he sat in the garden, watching Sherlock watch the bees. He strove to breathe as Sherlock took him in even more, holding him at the root with one hand as the other grazed back then cupped his heavy sac as he knotted his right hand in Sherlock’s curls and fervently wished he could see Sherlock’s face. Wished he could see himself sliding into Sherlock’s mouth, through the circlet of his fist, Sherlock’s head buried between his legs.
“No – no.” He sighed, looking blankly at his empty cup. Those boys had been on his mind a lot these last days, and he didn’t necessarily want Molly to know how much they’d affected him. “But Charlie is another story, Molly. He hates to be seen by anyone – he won’t even look up at me when I change the dressing. He’ll hate being outside – he’ll feel exposed. And his balance – the seiz…” He shook his head. “He could fall. Perhaps we could take him to one of the other gardens closer to the house – we could push him in the chair.”
“And hit anything?” John dropped his hand, letting it fall heavily onto his thigh. “But no – I haven’t thrown a single thing – rock or stone or clod of earth or even breadcrumbs - at any crows.” He scowled at the crow, who seemed to scowl right back at him.
Sherlock opened his mouth, the requested word on the tip of the tongue. But he closed it when he realized John’s game. “Ha. I’ll meet you downstairs.”
The bird cawed even more harshly, and as John watched it, he noticed boards nailed to the tree, old and rotten, leading to a long-forgotten stand in the crook where the trunk split into three. The stand had been painted at one time, but the blue paint was faded with the sun and wind, sunk into the aged timber, coated over with years of pollen and dust. He walked over to investigate, remembering the swing on the other side of the garden wall through the gate, and found he could reach the decaying platform with his hand. The crow had flown to a nearby tree, but watched John suspiciously as John considered his find, imagining a small boy playing pirates on a three-masted ship. The platform was built over the bowl formed by the split trunk, but the bowl had become exposed as the platform crumbled.  He stood on tiptoe to examine it, and smiled as he realised he’d found the crow’s stash – bits of shiny paper and foil, a gold button, a hatpin.
“A question,” John repeated. He moved his left rook a millimeter to the left, no matter that it was perfectly centered already. “Any question.” He was musing it over, and questioning the game as well. It seemed silly at first glance, and he wondered what Sherlock was up to - what exactly he wanted to know about him that he hadn’t already deduced.
“Sherlock,” whispered Mrs. Hudson, with obvious fondness. “He’s looking better, Dr. Watson. His colour is coming back. It won’t be too much longer, now, will it?”
“I do realise you’ve told me that already, but surely there’s some way to know that you aren’t telling me. You probably just don’t want me doing any experiments on him.”
John had fallen onto his back, but paused in his protesting to appreciate the cool down coverlet on the rather perfect mattress.
Sherlock loves, but doesn’t do it properly. Love pounds at the inside of his heart, the edges of his brain. It doesn’t seep through his skin and soften his edges. It doesn’t peek out his eyes and reveal his secrets. Sherlock’s love is a caged bird who’s lost her voice, a widow sorting through her box of memories in a quiet house, an empty room.
He wasn’t surprised, not by what Mycroft Holmes knew. Not even, really, by what Sherlock himself knew, or his involvement in John’s presence here. It was all orchestrated, every event, every turn of his life, since he’d been called up.
“Hello John, Sherlock,” Potter said, his demeanor midway between professional and friendly. “I’m afraid we have a bit of a situation and we need your help.”
“John! Sherlock! Welcome! Oh – I can’t tell you how I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. Muggles! Famous Muggles! A detective and a doctor in the family – Molly is dying to meet you both.”
“Escaped. She wasn’t fond of her former position, what with it leading to arsenic poisoning – surely you noticed her complexion, Dr. Watson?” He didn’t wait for an answer but plowed on ahead. “Not eager to return to her former life of servitude to the king, she’s gone on to new pursuits. Now, come back to my quarters with me. I will, of course, swear you were with me all night.”
John swept the torch beam over the tunnel again. He could barely make out a supporting structure of sorts at the edge of the beam’s reach - rough-hewn wood with supporting ceiling beams. It was more passageway than crude tunnel, appearing high enough for a man to walk through without stooping, and just wide enough for two men to stand side by side.
Mrs. Hudson touched his arm. “Come, Dr. Watson. I’m sure you’d like to clean up a bit before dinner. It’s fish tonight.”
John groped on the floor for the bottle and refilled his glass. His hand shook and Sherlock reached out to steady it.
In the last chapter, Sherlock and John found a tunnel connecting the "war room" where Sherlock was now working with Molly to Hawthorne, the guest cottage at Rosethorne, where Sherlock's great-grandfather had once kept his mistress. During the walk through the tunnel, they'd finally rid themselves of all the UST accumulated during the first 21 chapters of Rosethorne. However, when they emerged through another wardrobe into the dressing room in the cottage, Sherlock had suffered an epileptic attack.
Mrs. Hudson and Billy finally agreed to leave – Mrs. Hudson through the door by which they’d entered and Billy through a door that led to a connecting room. Billy seemed much more amenable to the idea of John taking over than did Mrs. Hudson.
“Ah.” She seemed to consider something, but let it be. But she squeezed his hand before she wandered over to watch Lestrade at work, trimming the beard on a lion of epic proportions.
“Outside? For exercise? John, I can hardly stroll around the grounds and expect that no one will see me. We’ll be seen leaving – you can’t push a wheelchair about Rosethorne without people
“Not enough room for the gingers,” Sherlock said dismissively as he climbed into the plane and took his seat. He leaned forward and tried to get comfortable. “So this is how the rest of you travel, then?”
A thousand feet as the crow flies seems a short and manageable distance when on the surface of the earth in the full light of day. Underground with the single beam of a mediocre torch, a thousand feet began to seem like a formidable journey. The tunnel, at least, didn’t narrow as they progressed. It ran straight for a hundred feet or so, then began to curve to the west, and the dim light from the loo behind them disappeared.
John stopped in his tracks, watching as Mrs. Hudson walked ahead until she realized he wasn’t following her. He took the time to take several deep breaths, pushing the air out more vigorously than he should. He might be totally powerless in regards to
Just exactly long enough for John to lean forward, wrap his arms around him tightly, bury his head in his neck and press a kiss to his shoulder.
John pulled his hand back. He didn’t think the injury was serious, and certainly couldn’t distinguish the effects of a concussion when the man had just come out of a seizure. “Would you like to get back in bed? You need to stay off your feet until we’re sure you’re through with these tonight.”
“She’s shagging Scorpius’ father too,” John murmured very quietly so that only Sherlock could hear him.
He knew the name only from Mrs. Hudson. The man himself never spoke to him, returning his greeting each afternoon only with a nod of acknowledgement before he averted his eyes and continued working, maneuvering his garden shears a surgical precision John instantly envied.
When she’s gone downstairs, Sherlock wanders into the kitchen and John tries out the chair to see if it’s as comfortable as it looks.
Mrs. Hudson, distraught, shaking, who led him to the west wing, and down a corridor he’d never before visited.
“The variables?” asked John. They’d scooted up against the wall, and adjusted their clothing, but he was utterly spent, and let his head rest on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“But he didn’t! I was there – she’d begun to fuss and we walked in there together. He held out his hand and said ‘mine’ and the thing just flew into his hand!”
“I suggested we send for his mother.” Minerva’s voice was icy. “I admit, having had time to consider, that bringing in his mother might traumatize him given that she’s well into her sixties now.”
“I’d better,” John returned, eyes shining. “Considering I have the terminal diagnosis and you don’t.”
“And if you can train me, both to encode and decode using your system, then you can train the others and have Rosethorne as you requested.”
“You?” Sherlock’s fingers tightened around his and he lowered his voice. “Well, you are distracting, but I don’t think you should be ignored completely. No – what I mean is that my job is to deconstruct the language of code – to analyze the components, how each is used, what makes each successful or not. The actual decoded message is, or should be, irrelevant. Yet somehow – somehow -”
“I’ll ask when I see him,” John said. “Wait – he did tell you he has children, right? You didn’t deduce that by stealing his wallet and going through his photos or studying the wear pattern on his trousers?”
John has a good feeling before Sherlock stops the car at the end of the drive. He has a good feeling when he sees the tangled ivy, the polished windows, the freshly painted door. It’s a bit mismatched on the outside, asymmetrical, with an equal mix of quaint old features and more modern upgrades. John is oddly drawn to it, but when they’re shown inside, and walk through a short corridor into the sitting room, he stops in his tracks and his mouth falls open and he turns around to look at Sherlock, who’s looking past him into the sitting room and staring at the familiar wallpaper.
John shook his head in resignation and dropped all pretense of pretending he didn’t want to explore the tunnel with Sherlock.
He’d been preparing a flower bed around the maze, an ambitious undertaking, but as evidenced by the riotous maze, Lestrade didn’t do things by halves. The bed was four feet wide, encircling the perimeter, and he was edging it with paving stones stolen from a neglected walkway. Lestrade spoke to John, but while he now chose to speak words aloud, he didn’t waste them. John had walked about the garden half the first week, doing little more than brooding, while Lestrade toted stones. On the fourth day, Lestrade stepped in front of him as he limped past.
Sherlock was paying no attention at all to Peeves, a very dangerous oversight indeed. In a move so unexpected that Sherlock had no time to take evasive action, Peeves made a beeline from the stairway toward Sherlock and upended the goldfish bowl over his head.
“Definitely.” John watched the chasers as they drilled, tossing the Quaffle to and fro in a complicated pattern. “They’re good.” He gestured out toward the students. “You don’t have….?”
John doesn’t protest and doesn’t ask why. He sits there, warmed inside and out, as Sherlock moves to the window, violin in hand. And if he recognizes the Moonlight Sonata, he doesn’t comment. He simply lets the music dance him gently to the end of this very good day.
“How have you been sleeping?” John asked. He sensed Sherlock’s discomfort, and tried to sound conversational.
have scaled it had he two good hands, but hefting himself up to the top with one would be difficult even with two good legs supporting him.
“She’s gone and given you moons and stars,” John said, running his fingers over the just-there shapes. “Subtle. I like it.”
Chapters will be posted more frequently from here forward, and will be more action and less exposition - I've been on vacation and have missed my writing time.
Sherlock gave a dissatisfied hmph, but began to unbutton his shirt, pealing it off and dropping it atop his trousers while he quickly put on the shirt John had brought. He buttoned it, then stretched out his arms to show John several inches of exposed wrist.
He pulled out the notebook he’d been using since they’d begun visiting magical people and dealing with malfunctioning electronics. “Seven millimeters minimum,” he murmured as he jotted it down, temporarily disengaging from the conversation.
The corners of Holmes’ mouth twitched as if he wanted to give John a congratulatory smile but could not quite force his face to comply. “Touche, Dr. Watson.” He had picked up the remains of his shortbread and frowned as it crumbled in his fingers. “The letter, of course, is a formality. Let me assure you it will ultimately make things easier for Miss Adler as she moves on to her next … assignment.” Here he caught and held John’s eyes. “It will lend credence to her resume – explain her absence these last months.”
He studied the less obvious clues in the room. A stack of books on the far side of the bed – he thought they might be medical texts. Cigarettes – a pack on the end table atop the books and another on the wardrobe, though oddly, the room didn’t smell of them. A handheld magnifying lens atop sheaves of paper, dense with type-written words. A tray with the remnants of afternoon tea. A coat, dark grey and long. A record player, with a polished wooden façade, and a stack of records beside it. A jigsaw puzzle, nearly finished, on a small table under a ceiling lamp.
“If the two of you can come up with a better treatment plan, by all means go about it,” he said, “I’ll just sit here and eat the rest of these sandwiches and warm up my tea while you go on talking like you’ve known each other since you were children, and please do continue discussing me as if I’m deaf, dumb and blind and decidedly not a doctor myself. Don’t mind me – don’t mind me at all.”
No, he was IN a tree. A very large tree. With an extensive canopy and several main trunks and lots of leaves and twigs and branches to catch on clothing and ropes and parachute parts.
“Crows have long memories,” Sherlock called to him as he continued forward to complete his circuit. “This one recognises you.”
When Severus and Sherlock joined them thirty minutes later, Sherlock’s hair was slightly singed and they both smelled of sulphur. And while Severus immediately retook his seat and resumed conversation as if he hadn’t been absent for a half hour, Sherlock dropped into a chair, looking a trifle dazed and very satisfied. It soon became apparent that he was inhabiting a different realm than the others, very possibly a different galaxy. He would, on occasion, contribute to the conversation. Not the conversation they were actually having which centered on the details of the wedding and upcoming rehearsal and tria aeroplane jump, but a conversation he was having with himself, inside his own head.
Molly still came to the garden from time to time, and had begun to help carry stones when she did. Bringing in more help was her idea.
But while the flat is as neat as a pin, and John’s things are all back where they belong from his toothbrush to his dressing gown to the crossword he’d been working that morning at Mrs. Hudson’s, waiting for him beside his chair with a sharpened pencil atop, the differences are stark and glaring to Sherlock. The furniture meticulously adjusted mere inches to make more room, or to give John something to hold on to as he makes his way around the flat. The rail affixed to the bathtub, the traction treads on the stairs leading up. The slightly higher ottoman, to raise John’s leg just a few more inches. The slippers with rubber, no-skid soles. The new medications – blood thinners, pain meds, muscle relaxants.
When John woke up on Sunday morning, for a few blessed moments he forgot that his partner’s brother was sleeping on their sofa, and that said brother had thrown up Honeyduke’s chocolate all over the sitting room, corridor and bathroom during the night.
The child was standing mid-way up the great staircase, hands on his ears, eyes closed and emitting a sound so high-pitched that John could only just register it. Above him, Peeves spun in tight laps near the ceiling, holding what looked to be a goldfish bowl, and squealing with delight. The headmistress was drying off three sopping wet students, all of them holding toothbrushes.
I've had a bit of writer's block on Rosethorne, and finally solved it by having Sherlock sort it out by discussing his own distractions.  So the pacing is off in this chapter - lots of exposition and then a bit of action at the end. But it did get me rolling again, and I'll try to get back to the original posting schedule.
“I thought that being outside would distract you from the project,” John said at last. “I hoped that your mind would have a better chance to heal if you could just get away from the notes and locked doors and the stale air of the manor.” It sounded like he was admitting defeat, confessing to a plan doomed to failure, and Sherlock squeezed his hand again.
Yet onward he’d gone. And when he’d reached the edge of the cliff, the insurmountable precipice, he’d closed his eyes and jumped.
“I can’t understand what all the fuss is about,” she said, sitting down across from him and leaning forward, elbows on his desk and chin resting on her hands. “What do you think, John? Where did she go?”
“Ah.” Sherlock seemed to be giving the matter some serious thought. “I suppose that instance did acquaint you with some of my tactics, especially when it comes to subterfuge and disguise.” He continued, unruffled. “And with my person, for that matter, as I recall I did have to pin you down to assure your cooperation.”
He’d barged past Sherlock when he opened the door, pretending that it was perfectly commonplace for him to be taking a stroll with a wheelchair.
Possibilities dance through Sherlock’s head and he analyses and sorts each as it occurs to him. “Do you have a mobile?”
“Irene Adler is gone,” repeated Sherlock quietly and very slowly. He dropped into a reading chair in the corner of the room and crossed his legs. “You don’t seem surprised.”
“I’m sorry,” Potter murmured as the little boy clung to his leg and continued to wail. “The Minister insisted I bring him here – we’ve had a bit of a scuffle down there and – well, really, there’s no way to soften this one up, is there?”
“Can he return to work?” asked the colonel, narrowing his eyes and sizing up Sherlock in a way that made John bristle.
“I’m sorry – you looked like you could handle that on your own,” John responded, assuming Sherlock was being sarcastic; that he was, in fact, pointing out that John hadn’t bothered to help him at all.
It was dangerous, but there were those that had once claimed that danger was John’s middle name. He had an idea that
A visit from Harry Potter during breakfast helped take the sting off the morning. Mycroft, who’d demanded full English, was picking at his toast soldiers and soft-boiled egg when Potter’s head appeared in the Floo to announce that the Potions Master and Curse Breaker working on Mycroft’s case had had a breakthrough and would be at the Burrow later in the day to try to restore him to his former self.
“And this - this consideration. Of my character.” John stressed the last work, surveying the board, affecting an air of casual observation that he certainly didn’t feel. “You think I wouldn’t sleep while my wife played near the water.”
He sat on the ground, not in his usual spot, but closer to Sherlock, who lay stretched out on his stomach beside a bed of coreopsis, sketching. They’d survived a quick drop-in by Mycroft, who had stayed two nights, effectively grounding Sherlock inside. He’d seemed eager to get back outside, and John had let him be. He’d walked past the locked garden both evenings of Mycroft’s visit, but the padlock was firmly in place. The swing still hung as it had, frayed and neglected, amid the overgrown sitting area, but there was no sign of the pond Sherlock had spoken of in his story. It was likely in the rear garden, John thought, peering through the overgrowth into the distance. He was thinking of that other garden now, as he sat beside Sherlock, closer and closer to broaching the subject with him. He would have already, he knew, had Sherlock not been so fascinated with the bees here. John would save it, he’d decided, for when boredom crept in as it was bound to someday.
The sound of that whistling stayed with him that evening as he prepared for bed. It was soft, and low. Melancholic. It faded into the background of his thoughts, and wore a gentle rhythm in his mind. The book he tried to read held no interest, and he finally put it down and closed his tired eyes, and drifted off to sleep to the low lullaby of whistling on the wind.
Lily glanced at Lee, who reluctantly nodded his head. Sherlock and John were inside the Rosie bubble and discussion of magic was discouraged but not prohibited.
“The rest of us who don’t have access to government-provided private jets you mean?” John asked as he elbowed Sherlock’s bony elbow away. “I don’t know much about sky-diving, Sherlock, but I certainly don’t recommend doing it from 30,000 feet from a jet.”
“I take it I’m not supposed to know,” John said with a shrug. He was certainly familiar enough with how classified information was treated in the British army.
If he wasn’t being himself, he wanted very much to know what Sherlock Holmes was like with an intact memory palace.
But frankly, John wasn’t invested in or, to be honest, much interested in Holmes’ health. Holmes was a grown man, intelligent, educated. He should certainly know to keep a wound clean and dry. No, John had immediately assumed that the infection had come from the procedure itself – the doctor’s hands, or his instruments, or the dressing.
John bristled. He hated Anderson’s attitude. It was utterly offensive. He acted as if Sherlock had somehow engineered this catastrophe - had very nearly been killed through some fault of his own. It didn’t escape him that Anderson’s statement implied that the Germans had intelligence on Sherlock, that they’d known about him and his project, and like everyone else, thought him dead. But even with that weight of that knowledge, he attacked back.
He found himself turning around to face the microphones and cameras. He told himself it was best to take care of it now, get them out of here before John came home and had to deal with them on this of all days.
“Wiggins, I believe,” he said, almost dismissively, after a pause which John thought could not be insignificant. “Is he disrupting your therapy? I gave instructions that your needs are to take priority and that you are not to be disturbed while you are playing.”
He had his bag with him – he’d finished his rounds today with the general’s check-up and had stayed after for their usual game of chess.
“And you chose me.” John had a hundred questions, a dozen statements of incredulity, but he cut through it all to the heart of the matter. England, counting on the assistance of this apparently brilliant code breaker to help win the war, was putting its hope in an injured field surgeon who was barely able to pick up marbles with his dominant hand. And taking its time about it. He’d been here weeks and had only just met the very person he was – somehow – supposed to help.
And he was looking at John, and how could anyone in the room have missed the way his voice choked on the words?
Sherlock did not stand. He lifted his feet off the floor and, using the piano for leverage, spun himself around with a dramatic flourish so that he was facing Molly instead.
Sherlock looked quite satisfied. He closed his eyes again. He may have claimed to not have a sleep schedule, but he’d quite obviously been affected by the seizures. He was still sitting on the floor, for one, and while he definitely was not short of words, and was quite able to string them together, he seemed unable to focus on anything other than speech. John doubted that he had the energy necessary to right himself and crawl into bed.
It could have been just a bit more normal in their decidedly not-so-normal lives. Another accident, another misunderstanding, another recovery. Rosie might have come home to find her father nursing a twisted ankle, wrapped foot propped on a pillow. John might have limped from sitting room to kitchen to fetch the tea. Sherlock might have tolerated it for a day or two or three, then broken free from 221B, completely stir-crazy and itching for a case.
He finds that his mouth is often open, ready with a “Stop!” or a “Wait!” when the door closes but that the sound never issues. And while his body can react – a turn of his head, or jerking his head up quickly from microscope or journal – he can’t jump to his feet or move toward the door. Not fast enough, anyway.
True to form, Sherlock was more interested in the mysterious Sev than in John’s injury, though he circled back several times to John believing the ankle was broken, not sprained, frowning and insisting on unwrapping it to check for himself. Satisfied that they wouldn’t need a trip to the A&E, he’d gone downstairs on the pretense of thanking Harry for looking after John but no one answered his knock and the key he’d kept that opened Mrs. Hudson’s front door refused to cooperate and unlock it now that she was out of the country. He came back upstairs and plopped down unhappily in his chair, then began to pepper John with questions about Harry’s boyfriend, most of which John couldn’t answer to his satisfaction.
“Do you have an objection, then?” asked Holmes, eyes narrowing just enough for John to take notice. “Or perhaps an attachment of your own to Miss Adler?” He said the last with voice dangerously low, raising an eyebrow suggestively.
“I’m not leaving,” John said, rather fiercely, his words stuttering out into the peaceful air. “I don’t care what Mycroft says. If he thinks I’m distracting you, he’ll want me gone.”
Late one Friday, after he’d finished his rounds and his weekly reports, he made his way to the garden with an envelope in hand. It had been delivered later than usual, but Molly had told him to look for it. His hip was sore after a hard week on his feet, and his limp more pronounced than usual. He’d arrived later than his norm, and Lestrade wasn’t in the garden. Sherlock had taken up his shears and was working on his continuing attempt to turn the lion’s mane into a Medusa’s nest of snakes. Lestrade had sculpted the lion from one of the overgrown shrubs at the maze’s entrance and it sat, sphinx-like and unprotesting, while Sherlock transformed it. John handed Molly the envelope. At first, he’d refused to bring the deliveries here – but gave it up as a lost cause after a week or two when Sherlock simply refused to work inside, even to receive these classified deliveries.
Sherlock spoke as if this work was an entity in and of itself. A living thing, sentient and corporeal.
“Oh, Mr. Potter most certainly did! But there are other options. Mr. Malfoy requested extra padding in the biceps area, and the groom’s brother asked for more room in the shoulders than I normally allow in formalwear. And Arthur Weasley requested an extra button over the belly and some additional corseting. Mr. Snape will get his serpent buttons, and Harry Potter his Snitches. You won’t need a wand pocket, of course, but perhaps you’d like something else special?”
John didn’t quite know what to make of that statement. “Um – well, good,” he replied. He smiled at her, and made a motion for her to leave. “Go on now, really. You’re exhausted. You’ll not get any sleep at all if you stay here, and he’s going to need some extra attention tomorrow, isn’t he?”
“I’d give up the seizures, then,” Sherlock said, decisively. “I’d tell Mycroft and his generals to stuff it and become a troubadour. I’d wander the streets of London without fear of falling into the Thames and make my living playing the violin on street corners.”
“I am not romantically interested in Irene Adler!” John hissed, tired of this game, and frankly, just plain tired. “Nor is your brother. I don’t believe him to be interested in
The other fathers, wearing matching midnight blue robes along with Lily Potter in her maid-of-honour jumping apparel followed Rosie out to the plane where Lee was lining up their parachutes on the grass beside the landing strip.
“Phone me,” Sherlock says, then rattles off the number. The man gives him the oddest smile – half indulgent, half amazement – as he complies, pressing in the numbers and waiting, expectantly, until Sherlock’s own mobile, in his own pocket, begins to sound.
Still, it was a bit anticlimactic, wasn’t it? Everything had gone as planned, the vows had been said, the chutes had deployed, and he hadn’t become entangled in Severus Snape’s shoelaces or been saddled with the black and white parachute that Arthur Weasley appeared to have. It would probably turn into a penguin after subjecting the ninety-year old wizard to a free fall and waddle off to Antarctica.
The Ministry official helped him stand, and John got a most surprising and unwelcome eyeful of extremely muscular buttock as Bill helped to adjust the blanket. Mycroft gazed out at them, looking completely bewildered. His gaze traveled from face to face, recognizing Harry Potter and Hermione Granger before coming to rest at last on Sherlock.
Severus raised an eyebrow. “Your husband’s mind intrigues me. When this excitement is over, perhaps I could work with him with his magical dyslexia – to explore some…possibilities.”
The hand clenched weakly as he gave way to frustration. He’d hoped for a miracle – who wouldn’t? And while the limp that had accompanied him to Rosethorne had all but disappeared with his garden walks and other distractions, his hand – no matter that it, too, was stronger than it had been – would never regain the dexterity and steadiness of a surgeon.
John grinned. Well – perhaps he could. If he wasn’t really dead, or if he wasn’t actually a man at all.
John watched Sherlock bend to pick up a different pair of clippers from the ground. He was completely relaxed and as he stood again, he glanced toward them, then shielded his eyes with his hand to focus on John against the sun. John waved, and Sherlock stared at him a long moment, as if deducing his thoughts from the way he held his shoulders.
Mycroft had returned to London to convalesce. John didn’t expect to see him for several weeks. He didn’t seem the type who’d put up with a skeleton crew of caregivers – the man probably needed help to tie his shoes even when he didn’t have a broken arm.
He didn’t see Sherlock lean back in his chair, or steeple his hands before his face in the contemplative pose he so often fell into. He leaned down, then, and picked John’s cane off the floor, resting it against a chair.
Interesting that he was using Captain and not Doctor, thought John. Mycroft was reminding him, perhaps, that despite his lack of uniform, he hadn’t been discharged, and had to both answer to and obey his superiors.
A moment later Rosie was pulling him by the elbow as they hurried down a quaint little street right out of Victorian London, minus the unpleasant smells. There was quite a bit he wanted to stop and study, but John took hold of his other elbow and he hardly had time to turn his head to look into an intriguing antiquities store before they were stepping up into a shop – he didn’t catch the name but thought “Madam” was in there somewhere.
“For you, perhaps. You know about the garden – you remember it from your childhood. But the only reason I know is that I slipped in one day when he’d not closed the gate, and spied on him while he worked. I could have announced myself, but I didn’t. It’s rather – well, awkward – to admit that now.”
And despite the fact that he’d lived a number of years now out in the open, as a soldier, an army doctor, a widower, the secrets from the past still influenced his everyday behavior.
“Hey - slow down. Mortal here, remember?” John tugged on Sherlock’s sleeve. “Is this how that brain of yours works, then? You can deduce the identity of a child you didn’t know existed by a bit of wood swallowed up by a tree?”
At that exact moment, footsteps on the stairs announced the arrival of Rosie and Al, who’d gone out to do some Christmas shopping in London.
it. You were injured in the attack, and you weren’t able to speak immediately after –you choked on the dust and debris. It damaged your throat. But you
“Gone again,” lamented Mrs. Hudson. “Just a few hours ago.” She sighed. “He’d gone two weeks without an attack, hadn’t he? I was beginning to think we wouldn’t need you after all, Dr. Watson.”
Mycroft Holmes tapped his index finger on the table, regarding John for a long, uncomfortable moment.
“Yes – haven’t I said? The footprints in the ashes.” Sherlock turned his head slowly toward John and lowered his voice. “The footprints leading
“Us? No. The encoder – most definitely. I’ve cracked it – well inside the time frame you requested. I’m only asking for a bonus, a reward beyond ‘Job well done, Sherlock.’”
Severus closed his journal and sighed. Somehow, he looked perfectly at home in an aeroplane with a parachute strapped to his back. “I could modify his memories to make him believe he’s an experienced skydiver,” he suggested.
He nearly ran into her as her step faltered, but she quickly resumed her pace, though she took a moment to respond.
John backed away. “I’m not even going to ask why that’s in your wardrobe, and have no intention of putting it on, so put it back where you found it.” He looked up as Billy Higgins opened the connecting door and stuck his head inside Sherlock’s room, watching John with apparent interest and ignoring the green dress as if it weren’t actually the elephant in the room. “I’m taking you outside for some air and exercise, under the pretense of taking your grandfather out into the gardens that he misses so much.”
“No.” Sherlock had connected the dots and looked absolutely horrified. “Take it away. We – I – we can’t. Can’t. Not equipped. No cheesy mac anywhere in site. And we’re just now leaving for my class. In fact, we’re late. Take him to the Wesleys – they’ll  hardly notice another stray child lying about.”
The bathroom was connected to the living quarters, and John filled a glass with water and brought it back in. He stepped over Sherlock to position himself, then maneuvered his right arm behind the man’s back and pulled him more upright, just long enough for him to swallow a few mouthfuls of water.
“Sherlock – that’s ridiculous. You can’t know those things. You’re just guessing, and making her uncomfortable.”
“Breathe. Just concentrate on breathing for a few minutes. Through your nose, if you can manage, then out your mouth. Slowly.”
“It isn’t much fun for me, either,” John said. Lying on the cold stone floor of the Great Hall at Hogwarts for two hours while students rolled him around, lifted his limp arm, and prodded at his chest did not a pleasant morning make. And to think he’d been the one to encourage Sherlock to continue his Muggle Crime Solving class on weekends after his stint as stand-in Hogwarts Muggle Studies Professor had ended in June.
“No – ankle’s broken.” John paused as an odd tingling in his ankle spread up his leg and vanished as suddently as it had begun. “Christ – where did you
“I don’t understand why they live with Muppets,” Sherlock complained some time later. “They should live in a proper castle like the other unusual misfits.”
John didn’t reply immediately. Sherlock was obviously exhausted by the effort to rebuild what he’d lost, but, as far as John could tell, this had been his exact situation for months, even before he formally began to work again for British military intelligence. What was different now? What exactly did Sherlock have to
“So are you go’in to tell me whose they are?” John asked some time later. His shirt was open and pushed to the side, his trousers and pants bundled at the foot of the bed, and his cock, spent and flaccid, lying against his belly. Sherlock had unlocked the cuffs, and was massaging his injured arm, positioning it back at John’s side.
They dance in the sitting room, tiny eight-pound bundle of sleeping William cradled between them. He’s the eighth wonder of the world. They’ve marveled at a fragile new life before, raised Rosie from infant to woman, but Will is a poignant reminder that they’re not the same men they were then. That years have carved them into a different-shaped package, that aches and ills have dulled the edges of wonder, turned their focus too inward.
The other three in the room exchanged the kind of glance they exchanged when Sherlock said something that short-circuited their brains.
Sherlock hummed. “Alright.” He shifted a bit and the book slid off his chest onto the floor, unnoticed. “The Loch Ness Nasty.”
Sherlock had to back off. He had to allow his brain to recover before he attempted to recover what he’d lost.
!” insisted Mycroft, tugging on their hands to remind them that Honeydukes was not getting any closer at this rate.
“The Burrow?” Sherlock pulled out a chair and motioned Al into it. He leaned in closer. “Do elaborate.”
He was pulled from his musings by a knock on his door, and he jumped up to answer it. Knocks after bedtime were seldom social visits, and usually meant an emergency with one of his patients.
“I think he’s got what he wanted,” Molly ventured. Her gaze moved to Sherlock, and she studied him for a minute, then watched Lestrade, who’d started a renewed bit of sculpting with his clippers when Sherlock had begun to play. “Perhaps – perhaps the garden needs something else besides a treehouse – something for you?”
“Then what’s the problem? You have a wardrobe full of bespoke suits and form-fitting shirts in nearly every colour of the rainbow. So what if you don’t have what amounts to a cassock with a thousand buttons on it? Wear something that screams Sherlock Holmes and stop trying to be Severus Snape.”
“It’s complicated,” Sherlock said, glaring at John as if this fiasco of a conversation was somehow his fault.
John thought. He was the vanquished king, toppled by his own hand, but with one last-ditch move left.
It was an unexpected relief, a relief almost palatable, to face Sherlock Holmes over the chessboard and finally let go.
He regarded Sherlock with interest as the other man steepled his hands before his face in the now familiar gesture, taking his time to consider. He looked up to meet John’s eyes, and held them for some time. For the first time, John noted their colour – a stormy blend of grey and green, as if they couldn’t decide on a single colour and tried out different shades and intensities at random.
He hadn’t been, in fact, for some time – not since he’d been wounded and shipped back to London three months previous. Yanked from the one place in the world where he felt useful, where his presence
“Alright.” John took a moment to organise his thoughts. He studied the far corner of the maze where Lestrade had transformed the square of sturdy hedge that anchored the point into what looked quite a lot like St. Paul’s Cathedral in London. “You
“How…?” John began to ask how in the hell Sherlock had determined that insisting that he was still a surgeon had the least bit to do with his piano playing. But he faltered, recalling Sherlock’s words.
God, he’d waited all his life for this – for this man beside him on the school-project bench. For a reason to laugh, and to hope.
What should not have happened, however, was the gross miscalculation Sherlock made when he decided to tie his shoe while he stood behind Severus, waiting to jump. It was only out of nerves that he checked the shoelace, and only because they were three miles above the surface of the earth on a smallish plane and about to vacate it that he tied his shoelace to Severus.’
“As you’ve undoubtedly deduced from the dirt on the blade, it’s for digging. In the soil.” John used his own shoe in the garden patch beside him to illustrate, kicking up a tangle of dead leaves and a clod of earth.
He turned away, then stepped outside without waiting for an answer, pulling the door closed behind him.
“Molly is a bit put out,” she said instead. “Two days in a row there’s been excitement over there and you’re missing both times.”
This was a Sherlock John didn’t know. A Sherlock who seemed to understand his fellow human being at an emotional level. Who showed compassion. Who was moved by what he saw before him - a work of art in an untried, unusual medium. A shout-out from a voice muted. Lestrade had found a forgotten garden, had claimed it, had found his voice here. And now, now that he’d also found a friend he’d thought forever lost, he was sharing his recovery, taking another solid step out of those tumultuous, voiceless shadows he’d been inhabiting.
John retrieved the torch without question and held it for Sherlock, shining it on the shelves he was studying, then holding the edge of the top shelf up with one hand as Sherlock studied the way the shelves were held in place.
He’d expected Sherlock and Molly to be at the table when he entered the room, but only Mycroft, Anderson and Sholto were there to greet him. The surprise - alarm? irritation?- must have shown on his face, because Mycroft sighed as he motioned him to a chair beside Anderson.
“Since this garden isn’t up to your standards, and there’s a shocking lack of gardeners since all the able-bodied men are off to war, you can work on this one yourself.” Sherlock had let out a small oof and opened surprised eyes when John dropped the implements on him, but he remained immobile, staring at John cautiously. When John just stared back defiantly, Sherlock picked up the trowel gingerly between two fingers and held it up, studying it curiously.
The workroom where Sherlock and Molly were supposed to be working didn’t look as abandoned as it was, but only due to John’s daily efforts. Chairs were appropriately placed – giving the appearance that the occupants had left for a meal. Files were present – concealed, stacked, neatly arranged. A stack of opened envelopes containing their once or twice daily missives from headquarters sat in a file box on a table, weighted on top with an empty tea cup and saucer. A tea tray – short one cup - was kept on a file cabinet, seemingly ready to serve once the kettle boiled.
not to conjure tea,” John said, keeping his voice level and eerily calm. “I enjoy the process of making tea myself.” He walked around the table and stood behind Mycroft’s chair, pulling it out. “Hop down. We’re going to go out.”
He spoke quietly, as soothingly as he once had to his wife, and Sherlock seemed to comply, breathing in tandem with John’s instructions until he at last opened his eyes, blinking against the light, the sensory assault as his brain attempted to sort itself again, to order events, to pull together fragments of memories and distorted stimuli and let them coalesce into this new reality.
Movement near the gate didn’t startle him – he often saw Lestrade out and about during his winter walks.
Had he not been so utterly tied up in the problem of Sherlock Holmes, he’d not have mistaken Molly’s affections for simple friendship.
But Lestrade was standing beside Sherlock now, keeping pace with him as he walked another circuit around the maze. John could not make out what they were saying, but he watched them while he sat on the bench in the shade under the oaks.
The assembled Muggles murmured their agreement, and John looked desperately at the Weasleys and Potters.
to teach me to ride a broom. The Ravenclaws are on the pitch now but they’re the last ones today. There are trainer brooms in the locker room and the headmistress figures those won’t be too fast for Sherlock.”
Mycroft wasn’t missed at Rosethorne, but Sherlock’s absence was an emptiness John could never fill, no matter that his patient load suddenly doubled, with three more convalescents arriving just hours after Sherlock left. The level of care each needed was slightly higher than the existing and previous patients. There was an aging colonel with painful diabetic nerve damage and the threat of gangrene, and two young soldiers, burned and broken, so depressed they were considered suicide risks and sent to Rosethorne, they were told, to take the country air and take their time healing under John and Molly’s practical care.
She’d been waiting for them, they discovered, for more than an hour, tucked away in a small guest parlour after her own summons from Mycroft. The elder Mr. Holmes, however, had given her only the sketchiest of details, explaining that she’d be working with a new patient who would be her first priority from here forward, not that she could shirk her other duties, mind you. Mrs. Hudson had been charged with locating Sherlock and John and bringing Molly in to meet Sherlock and be briefed on this new project.
“Top ten visits to the A&E? What kind of memory are you hoping to relive? Me getting stitches in my arse?”
job. I’m to facilitate the passing of information to him, and more importantly, to facilitate his healing however I’m able.”
He helped Rosie into the harness, adjusted the straps and checked the buckles, then waited while the others struggled with their own gear. He knew from experience not to get his hands too close to Lily Potter.
No one spoke for several moments. Sholto shuffled through more papers, the colonel stared at Anderson and Mycroft stared at Sherlock, who had gone back to staring at John.
He wasn’t, of course. Or he was - but he was equally engaged with culling through the John Watson file in the ruins of his Mind Palace.
Neither of them acknowledged this, though, and John waited a few more minutes before the physician in him insisted on speaking up.
John examined X-rays of the injured leg before and after the surgery. The surgeon had certainly done a good job – though recovery, John knew, would require a good deal of physical therapy and strength training, and definitely no future falls off rooftops.
“How long do we have to keep up this pretense?” he asked, as John began to push him back toward the house.
“Well, he’s going to have to document the hell out of it, like it or not,” John said after they watched Sherlock’s meticulous work on the guardian lion a bit longer. “Mycroft isn’t going to give him a pass on this one.”
“You’re wondering about the tunnel,” Sherlock said as John watched him. “It’s family lore - not only that my great-grandfather kept a mistress, but that he did so on the manor grounds under his wife’s very nose. It came to me when you mentioned that we needed an escape route - ”
Now, from this side of the argument, with miles and silence between them, he felt the fool. Sherlock was a grown man, fully capable of making his own decisions and watching out for himself. John had been living in a bubble at Rosethorne, reminded of the harshness of life by his own injuries, and by Sherlock’s, but shielded from reality by the magical walls of the gardens, and the impossible brilliance of Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, who was unlike anything John had ever known, but who was everything he’d never known he needed.
“I think Mycroft watched you dig under the wall from the treehouse and had a good laugh at your expense.”
It was, if John had to guess, an old garden maze. Or had been. Made of hedges once carefully squared off and angled in intricate patterns.
Rosethorne – a country manor on the fringes of the moors. Escape was a long trek on foot to a train station some distance away. Rosethorne – a gated manor with a skeleton staff, a handful of locals to cook and clean and an odd collection of professionals over-qualified to help the patients they served.
“He gave them to me.” Lestrade’s voice was faint, yet defensive. “He told me….” He coughed, cleared his throat. “He told me to work on whatever I could find - anywhere - on the manor grounds.”
“I – no. My wife – Mary – she … she couldn’t have children. And that – that was fine. Good, I mean.”
Fortunately, Sherlock was soon distracted when Rosie suggested a game of Cluedo and, as the Potters and Snape didn’t know how to play, Sherlock got to make up all the rules.
Sherlock’s eyes soon closed again, and John wondered just exactly when he was going to become as difficult as Mrs. Hudson had warned. He stood, and settled into a comfortable chair in the corner close to the bed, eyes not leaving Sherlock, waiting for any sign of another seizure.
He was halfway up the stairs when she interrupted his progress. “And mind you, Sherlock, be sensitive for a change. You two have a whole month of anniversaries, but this one could have gone by just fine without that awful story.”
Sherlock trudged up to the cottage, bemoaning the loss of at least two buttons. He was understandably distracted, given he’d spent thirty minutes hanging upside down in a tree while the best champagne was being opened and served at the reception. He’d chosen the champagne himself, an extravagance he didn’t question for the occasion of their daughter’s wedding. He pushed open the side door and walked into a small laundry area, then turned to the left, found a closed door, and pushed it open.
“Your – what did you call it – mind palace?” John watched Sherlock curiously. Mary had never wanted to talk like this after a seizure, not to John, and certainly not to herself. She wanted to rest – to sleep – curled up beside John on the sofa, or wrapped in his arms in bed. She’d wanted the contact, the comfort, but not the mental task of sorting out words and ideas. She was always better the next day, after a night in his arms.
“As am I,” said Holmes. He stood then, and walked to the window, where he gazed out into the darkness for some time while John stared at his back, for all appearances patiently waiting.
“Alright. If you insist,” he said. “But John - really - I’m sorry. I only meant to let you know that I under-”
He was surprised to see Rosie’s pushcart outside Mrs. Hudson’s door, and Mrs. Hudson, holding the sleeping child, standing in the doorway.
Severus glanced upward, sighed, twitched the wand and the black parachute turned pink to match Sherlock’s.
“Hardly. You handily dispatched both Billy and Mrs. Hudson, and Mrs. Hudson is not easy to budge. You don’t hover, don’t offer ridiculous platitudes, and your advice to sleep is sound, despite my refusal to follow it. You’ve managed to distance yourself from the majority of the staff, keep to yourself, and do not seek out my brother or appear to think of him as your benefactor or savior in bringing you to this admittedly comfortable position. And finally, you are tenacious. You do not believe that your arm and hand will recover enough to allow you to perform surgery, yet you have not missed a session in the music room and are already discovering new ways to circumvent physical obstacles.”
The room closes in around him until all he sees above him is a dark and narrow tunnel, a well of horrors in a world devoid of air and rent with pain.
“I’d wear mine if they hadn’t been shrunken down to fit a midget,” Sherlock shot back. He stepped gingerly into his pants and climbed back into bed, clearly disgruntled.
He isn’t an overly sentimental man, more prone to lose his temper than to shed a tear, but 221B seems less like home now without Rosie, without Mrs. Hudson.
“Exactly!” Sherlock clapped his hands again, and John jumped. “And for that excellent deduction, you deserve the truth. Would you prefer to interrogate me or will you accept an explanation in narrative format?”
“I wonder if anyone ever shagged while free-falling,” said a voice right beside Sherlock. He turned his head to see Severus standing there, looking perfectly innocent. “I imagine it wouldn’t take you longer than a minute or two.”
“Wiggins.”  John had been here long enough to know everyone’s name – guests and staff –  but that particular one was not familiar. “I don’t believe I….”
“The old gardener’s still around,” John replied. “Ben. And Lestrade, though it’s far too much for him to look after.”
And since he was asking for the impossible, he’d take back his old life in London. His fledgling practice. His tiny flat. His clever, beautiful wife.
“Right - we’ve talked about this before – when you first explained your mind palace to me. This encyclopaedia – it was in your mind palace, right?”
The aerial wedding of Rosamund Mary Watson and Albus Severus Potter began exactly as planned, with a bit of help from magic, of course, but veered out of course dramatically before everyone was safely on the ground.
“Sadly, no,” Sherlock said with an easy shrug. He made his way over to stand beside John. He was not standing too close, no closer than their previous familiarity allowed, but his presence seemed to have a magnetic pull that hadn’t been there before, and John found himself leaning closer and rubbing shoulders as Sherlock bent forward and examined the exposed nails, the nearly-consumed ladder rungs. “Go on, then. What else do you see?”
He walked the perimeter of the flower beds, pulling his coat more tightly around him as he caught the wind. He was smiling, uplifted by the spring display and the evidence before him that his autumn labours had borne such plentiful fruit.
“Hardly read my mind? Really, Sherlock?” John grabbed the back of a wooden chair, spun it around, then straddled it, facing Sherlock. He rested his elbows on the table and his chin on his clasped hands and tried to stare Sherlock down. “Go on, then. Read my mind.”
“Greg did most of that,” John reminded him. “You just complained about the nails and poked at the dry rot.”
He tried to sound disinterested, matter of fact. He assumed Molly didn’t know any more about the patients in their care than he originally had. And what did he know, anyway, about this particular general? Or precisely what kind of spy Irene Adler was?
James and Arthur Weasley appeared from behind a room divider and a woman stuck her head around the screen.
“It’s not broken,” Harry’s friend announced authoritatively. “But you’ll want to ice it and elevate it.”
He stood then and limped slowly down toward Sherlock, but when he reached him, he didn’t lean against him, or take his hand, or brush his lips against his cheek, as much as every instinct within him urged him to do so.
“Fine. You win.” They sat for a few minutes, companionably quiet. A squirrel chattered at them from on top off the pile of lumber under the tree but, aside from the squirrel and the rustle of the breeze in the leaves, all was still.
“Irene Adler left Rosethorne Manor approximately one hour ago. Ah – that surprises you. It was meant to. By now, she is most assuredly on her way to a comfortable bed in a remote cottage, assisted by someone who is above suspicion simply by being below consideration. Her medical files are on her person, and she will receive the care she needs at her final destination, which is, of course, confidential. She did not, in fact, leave a letter implicating you, or anyone else for that matter. I removed you from the wing and brought you here to allow her departure to proceed smoothly and to ensure you saw and heard nothing. You will explain, of course, that Mrs. Hudson brought you here, as grandfather has been feeling poorly – vomiting, dehydration. The same Mrs. Hudson will check on Miss Adler at seven o’clock to wake her for breakfast, and will then come directly here to alert you that she is not in her room and cannot be found. You will then return to the infirmary and conduct your own search. You’ll ask the other patients and the staff if anyone might know where she is, or if they heard or saw anything last night. No one will have seen or heard a thing, of course. You will then organise a search of the grounds. When you and the staff have left your fingerprints everywhere, and obliterated any footprints or other evidence that may have inadvertently been left, you will admit defeat and ask Mrs. Hudson to take you to Mycroft.”
“Look – I know it’s a shock. I understand.” John spoke without looking at Lestrade. His focus was back on Sherlock, whose eyes were fluttering open. “As soon as he feels like sitting up, we need to get him in the chair.”
And he couldn’t practice surgery in relative anonymity. Couldn’t ask for volunteers to submit to the knife so he could practice holding his hand steady, making precise, even cuts.
His face softens, and he smiles, and Sherlock returns that smile with the relief of a man who can finally stop holding his breath and breathe again because his answer, even so long in coming, was the right answer after all.
“Hello, Dr. Watson,” said Holmes, and John felt the scrutiny of his gaze as he stood there waiting. Seemingly satisfied with whatever it was he observed in John, Holmes pointed to his foot – the same one John had examined several weeks earlier. “I saw a doctor in London, as you suggested, but the toe’s been causing me some discomfort and I’d appreciate you taking another look.”
“God, Sherlock – that isn’t the kind of happily ever after story for a child,” John said, though his mind was mulling over the details of the story – the hedge maze, the locked garden. The neglected play area he’d seen inside the gate.
Still, the fanciful maze hedge stayed with John, and the derelict play area, and the never-seen pond with the swing in the oak tree. And quiet, reserved Greg Lestrade, whistling as he worked the garden.
John paid more attention to the gardener after that day, and every time he passed him as he took his after lunch walk he greeted him by name, and always added some small tidbit – a comment about the weather, or about the excellent roast chicken they’d just had for lunch, or some piece of news he’d read in the morning paper or heard on the evening radio broadcast. Then he’d go on his way, never waiting for – or expecting – a reply.
He gave an exaggerated sigh. “That last can’t be helped, I suppose. I’d much rather stay put in my warm bed than be hauled away to play doctor in the middle of the night.”
He bought more time in the garden by bringing more of his patients outside. The old men played chess at Charlie’s first table, and Annie brought tea just before they went in for the day. John joined them, sitting in the chair he’d helped Charlie build. Molly’s creation, really, built to his frame, strong in his weakest places.
“Are you speaking as Sherlock’s physician or his worried lover?” he asked at last, his voice surgically steady.
“I think I have it,” says Sherlock as William finishes the bottle.  He hands the empty bottle to John and lifts the baby to his shoulder to burp him. John knows – he absolutely knows – that Sherlock has been watching instructional videos on caring for an infant, most certainly while John is doing one of his relief shifts at the clinic. “I think I’ll recognize him anywhere.”
John spoke quietly, touching his fingertips to Sherlock’s cheek as he spoke, distracting him from his rambling thoughts, centering his focus. “Hey – it’s good. It’s all good. I understand.”
“It isn’t always.” Sherlock seemed to think it best to back pedal. “Sometimes I sleep for hours after an attack because I can’t concentrate enough to even read or take notes, and I never have a puzzle waiting to solve to occupy me.”
John rolled his eyes. “It’s not true and you’ve absolutely no proof. Molly will stand by me, and you yourself said you’d provide an alibi for tonight – one I really don’t need, mind you. Miss Adler is a distraction and frankly, I’m much more interested in you right now.”
She did look breathtaking, even in the lace-trimmed shorts she was wearing with the bodice of her dress.
From all appearances, this second room was study, parlour, laboratory and smoking lounge. It held a mishmash of objects and furnishings, and the scent of pipe smoke clung to the carpet and curtains. Sherlock went directly to an upholstered red chair that faced the fireplace, then moved a stack of books from it onto the floor and patted the seat.
Mrs. Hudson who pushed open the door, and introduced Dr. John Watson, at last, to the master’s brother, the mysterious invalid himself, Sherlock Holmes.
“It’s Sherlock’s skull and we have it because he talks to it when no one else will because some of us actually like to sleep. Yes, it is rather macabre. And as for the wall - that would be Sherlock too,” John answered, whipping his head around to stare at their bedroom door a second later when he heard the unmistakable sound of Apparition.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “We were married in the morgue at Bart’s, John. The place we first met. Practically a church, in my book.”
“Glad to provide the entertainment then,” he said with a cocky smirk which made Ginny narrow her own gaze.
It needed to be cleaned thoroughly, possibly drained, and certainly redressed. He imagined he was up to the task - the piano therapy had done as much to improve the dexterity of his right hand as it had strengthened his left. Marginal improvements, to be sure, but improvements nonetheless. Surely he could manage as simple procedure as this.
John had just dropped two bags of groceries onto the counter and had the milk in hand, refrigerator open. He removed an empty carton from the top shelf, scowling at Sherlock for putting it back inside after draining it, and slid the new carton in its place. He already knew they had new neighbors – Mrs. Hudson had let out her flat for a year while she went abroad with her niece. She’d phoned him a few days ago to let them know the new tenants would be moving in this week.
He did understand why they’d chosen this location, at least from a security standpoint. It was difficult to locate, had a series of locked doors to navigate to gain entrance, and was certainly safer than the upstairs rooms from bombardment. Yet John immediately saw the liabilities, too. They needed an escape route - stairs that led directly up and outside would be best, though that would in turn open up a vulnerability from the outside. A window - but even a casement window would be unlikely in a building this old. A second set of stairs leading to the main floor, then. Reserve stores. Candles or oil lamps. A source of water. A bath - a loo, at the minimum.
“I suppose Mycroft would tell you that it’s a ridiculous fantasy. That there are more pressing matters at hand.”
“Well, it must be family, don’t you think?” she’d answered. “If it were someone in the service, they’d be in the infirmary with the other patients.” She shrugged. “This is the Holmes estate - I just assumed it was one of his parents. You know how this set is about privacy.”
William will learn the melody looping from John’s mobile, though he’ll love it most on the violin. He’ll know it means to go fetch a book and snuggle on the sofa with one grandfather or the other and often with both. And sometimes he’ll fall asleep on his granddad’s shoulder as they sway lazily around the sitting room. His world is very small now, but theirs has expanded tenfold.
It made him sick to his stomach, and he bypassed the sitting room with the sofa, warm with Sherlock’s body, and exited into the corridor instead, and fell against the wall for the second time that night, bent over, hands on his knees and eyes closed as he tried to calm himself, tried to keep an open mind despite the hard evidence before him. His bad leg trembled and he started to slide down the wall to the floor.
“No.” He definitely was finding his voice. He kept his eyes on John, not moving, and John felt a bit like a bug under a microscope.
And without further comment, Sherlock gently released John’s hand, and stood. He grasped John on the shoulder and leaned forward, and flipped the sheet music back to the first page.
“I don’t believe anyone qualified that task as more important than the others.” Mycroft sounded nearly as irritated as John felt.
“Gone back to the Ministry to sort things out with the Potions Master and Curse Breaker who’ve they’ve brought in to sort
“I’m not uncomfortable,” snapped Molly. “And no – he can’t know those things. But he does. Somehow, /he does.” She gave John her attention now, looking a bit hurt. “Do you really not want children, John?”
“I’m off to Bart’s – my friend Molly runs the morgue – she’s letting me have a look at a new one she’s just got in – partially mummified remains found in a storage unit.”
“Oh for Christ’s sake...”  He sighed, then stepped carefully up into the wardrobe, careful of his leg, and ducked through as Sherlock kept walking, trailing his hand along the wall as he went. “Wait for me – I’ve got the torch!”
was he going to engineer this thing? A dead man couldn’t just turn up outside, getting exercise and breathing the fresh air.
“A treehouse - they seem quite popular here at Rosethorne.” He indicated one of the old steps. “Did you and Mycroft wander over here, by any chance?”
The bathroom door opened again, and Mycroft, trailing the fingers of his good hand along the wall, slowly walked toward John. In the dim light of the corridor, he looked – and moved – more like a ghost than a man. John stepped back into the bedroom and stood quietly aside while Mycroft maneuvered himself back into bed, straightening the covers awkwardly with one hand.
“Albus Severus Potter,” she started, glancing over at Sherlock, who grumbled and looked down. “today, tomorrow and always I am yours and you are mine.”
These two thousand words were more difficult to write than the four thousand of the previous chapter. More to come soon. Thank you all for the lovely comments last chapter.
John gave Mycroft what he hoped was an understanding smile. Keeping one’s rooms and one’s person tidy was not exactly typical accidental magic, but John wisely didn’t point that out.
“If I’m to be believed,” Sherlock murmured as he paced over to the window and pulled the curtain aside, letting in a shaft of moonlight. “Then
“One never knows,” Sherlock said. “Well, how about our own garden here? In the perennials bed, perhaps?”
The stones were not heavy if carried one by one, and working together, the job went faster. Still, it was slow work – each stone had to be dug out, brushed off, moved and reset. Working with one good hand, John used a wedge to work loose a stone, then cleaned it with the wire brush from Lestrade’s collection of tools in the old garden cart. He found he was able to lift the stone with his right hand, steadying it with his left, and move it to a pile within Lestrade’s reach. The work was repetitive, and the only reward was the odd find beneath a stone – an old button, a penny coin, fat earthworm. But the work filled the hours, and John went to bed tired, and slept more soundly.
He didn’t sound convinced, or Molly wouldn’t have looked at him like that, head cocked slightly to the side. “You really wanted that treehouse, didn’t you?”
He doesn’t consciously admit that Mary was the only thing keeping that thin wall between them, keeping him from doing something stupidly, ridiculously sentimental.
“Hmmm.” John seemed interested. “Do you mean the ten places where we had sex most frequently, or the most unusual places?”
For some reason, going back to his flat sounded like a perfectly fine idea. They helped him upstairs and Harry settled him on the sofa with a pillow and quilt and elevated his foot on a stack of pillows from the bed. He then fetched John’s medical kit and Sev deftly wrapped John’s ankle then prepped an ice pack. While Harry kept up an amiable chatter, Sev spoke little, though he looked around the flat curiously, and seemed most interested in what John fondly called Sherlock’s lab – the chaotic disaster of the kitchen table. John hoped there weren’t any body parts pickling in brine on full display.
“Must not have worked,” John remarked. He was still cataloguing Sherlock’s injuries, his breathing, trying to discern if he was in pain. His hair was longer than he’d seen it, and he looked to have lost a stone he couldn’t afford to lose. He was gaunt, and pale, and the heavy cast unbalanced the symmetry of his body.
Charlie, who’d at first refused to go outside, and had become so agitated when Molly insisted he give it a try that he’d had a seizure, changed his tune within a week. Al did his work quietly, but managed to worm himself beneath Charlie’s armour, and describe the maze with such a brilliant light in his eyes, that Charlie finally agreed to come out with him and have a look.
He had no idea how she did it – what her particular brand of insight was. How the hell she knew he’d been married. How she identified the guilt that plagued him, how she
Mycroft Holmes had intentionally handed him a puzzle, invited him to unlock one of the manor’s secrets. The man was as much an enigma as his intriguing brother locked up inside.
He closed the door and wandered back toward Sherlock, who pushed a piece of paper across the table toward him as he approached.
He glanced at Molly, who was looking at him curiously, then stepped up to the piano and played a basic scale with his right hand. The piano was far from ignored. It was perfectly in tune.
But now - now Sherlock was slumped on the ground, against the gate. His free right arm was jerking and his legs had tensed.
“I hope they’re magical,” said Sherlock. “They won’t hide things from me. They can pop over through the fireplace any time they need me to deduce their teachers.”
“Play something,” he says, eyes warm and happy, nodding at the violin against the wall. “I haven’t heard you play in months.”
“I’m not going to hold his hand, you know. I don’t trust him.  He probably won’t even use his parachute.”
“I don’t care what he does. I’m going to be in the Ministry when I grow up – the Ministry of Magic, not the Muggle Ministry. Muggles are dull, and most of them rather stupid. Father’s a Muggle, but he’s more clever than most, and of course he has Mummy and she’s quite smart. We don’t do magic at home, though, because Mummy wants me to use my brain first and magic only for emergencies.  But sometimes I can’t help it – something will be out of place in the sitting room, or I’ll have a tear in my trousers or a spot on my shirt and poof! My magic makes it all right again without me meaning to do anything!”
“You do realize that had you kicked your shoe off, it would still be attached to me and you wouldn’t lose it?” asked Severus. The two were tangled together in a near impossible knot now with Sherlock now attached to Severus’ back as if he were enjoying a piggy-back ride from his father.
“We’ll go over a few of the basics,” Lee explained. “In general, you change the shape of your body to move forward or backward or spin.”
He spoke softly, with a subdued excitement in his voice that brought to mind childlike exuberance. He rapped on the back of the wardrobe, but it sounded as solid as any other large piece of furniture.
Sherlock stood in the kitchen doorway, his hair in disarray, still wearing his dressing gown. “I’ll never be ready in time.”
But the Ministry official helped him into a nearby room and waited outside the door while he changed into his clothing, explaining what had happened through the crack in the door while Mycroft changed, and offering to heal the black eye and split lip.  The official hurried over to consult Harry after a few minutes, and Potter frowned and pushed back his chair, disappearing into the room with Mycroft. A few minutes later, Bill and Prunella were called and they, too, left the table, exchanging worried glances. When they hadn’t returned in five minutes, Hermione pushed back her own chair and followed.
He’d agreed with her, and let the matter drop. Molly didn’t seem at all curious about the matter, most likely feeling that dealing with one of the Holmes family was quite enough for her.
Hope is a tenuous thing, buoyed by sunlight and dampened by rain. Despair is the enemy, oozing through the cracks, gaining ground in the darkness.
I know this story is just creeping along, but it really is going somewhere. Thank you for your patience and perseverance!
That image stayed with him throughout that interminable day. It disquieted him, and he couldn’t say why, but finally decided that it reminded him of Mary, of all that he’d once had, of all that he’d lost. And he wondered who else here at Rosethorne was not what they seemed, and what other secrets slumbered behind its locked doors.
The clouds blew by overhead, changing shapes, exposing a pink-hued sky as the sun began to consider a dip beyond the horizon. There was war somewhere, but the only hints of it at Rosethorne were the skeleton staff, the limiting rations and the patients, well-fed and clean, recovering in the sun-lit infirmary.
“Alright – Sherlock, then.” Sherlock made no sign to acknowledge the concession. “Try to sleep, please. I know you’ll find that your brain will work better once you’ve given it a rest. You’ve just had three episodes, and - ”
“Yes, an owl. The sort that hunts at night and swivels its head around and doesn’t look a bit like a budgie.”
Sherlock helps her open her final gifts after lunch. The large one turns out to be a beehive shape sorter with slots in the top for the queen, the workers and the drones. It’s finely made and beautifully painted, and John imagines Sherlock shopping in an Austrian village and cannot even fathom the cost of such a work of art. Rosie approves, but contents herself with removing the top and stuffing the plushie into the hive. It’s fitting, and they laugh as Rosie grins at her achievement, and John posts a photo of the stuffed bee’s fat bum sticking out of the hive. Mrs. Hudson returns for the Christmas crackers, and they take a selfie in their silly hats. Sherlock opens his gifts from their friends, and his gift from Rosie –a URL on a slip of paper which turns out to be a ten second YouTube video clip, on continuous loop, of Rosie pointing and squealing at the cat-toy-turned-ornament and
He’d hated the bloody mobile that didn’t ring, and the sodding laptop that wouldn’t cooperate and write his insipid blogs for him while he slept away the daylight hours.
seizures.” John gave Sherlock his best doctor glare, instinctively knowing it wouldn’t have the desired effect on this patient. But he wasn’t ready to give up just yet. “Alright – what do you do when you can’t sleep?”
“Of course. Not through. Not over. So – under.” Sherlock smiled at John, and there was approval in his eyes. He liked that John was keeping up with him.
They were both more relaxed after that, and got through the other charts quickly – the general who’d suffered a rather severe coronary and who very much
Billy looked quickly over to Sherlock, who was sitting in the wheelchair with his legs crossed at what had to have been an uncomfortable angle, and was smoothing down the lapel of his suit coat with one hand as if approving the entire ridiculous tableau.
The bald man who’d seemingly appeared out of nowhere on the other side of the fence reached out to shake Sherlock’s hand, then John’s, and opened the gate and ushered them through. As he did so, their heads cleared and the house was suddenly homey and not ramshackle, and John remembered exactly why they were there and Sherlock was less fuzzy about the whole thing. Oddly, those Muggle-repelling charms Al’s people used had a much greater effect on Sherlock than they did on John.
He fell asleep that evening after a plain but hearty meal, and his restless dreams of dark halls and shadowed faces and whispers in the night were nearly as disturbing as his usual nightmares of struggling to keep his grip on a bloody scalpel as soldier after soldier bled out his life beneath John’s clumsy fingers.
“Surprised?” John asked as he unpacked bread and eggs and apples and potatoes. “Didn’t realise that when Mrs. Hudson told us she’d be leasing the flat out for a year that we’d actually have new neighbors?”
“I’m being rational,” Sherlock declared. “I have other plans for that day. John and I are going on holiday.”
Sherlock had frozen up as the tape measure zoomed up his leg on the inside of his trousers to measure his inseam. He stood perfectly still, only his facial expression changing as the tape wrapped around his upper thigh.
It did not escape John’s notice that Molly discovered them in nearly the same position she and he had been in so recently on the piano bench. That she didn’t seem to notice their physical proximity, or sink into a sense of déjà vu, should have immediately warned him that he was already in dangerous territory with Sherlock. Molly’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock, this new face at Rosethorne, and she hardly seemed to notice how close they’d been as John slid off the bench and stood.
So he plays for John – low and soft and sweet and evocative. Music that soothes, that fills the cracks and knits together the fissures.  Music that sounds familiar but that John can’t name; music he’s heard before, sitting there, on his chair, eyes closed, a faint smile on his face.
Al hustled them out to the street and turned in the direction of the Leaky Cauldron, chatting merrily with Rosie about Athens, their sex holiday destination, ignoring the charming and distracting store fronts with enticing smells and sounds and window displays. John found himself slowing down more than once to gaze into a window, then hurried to catch up with Rosie and Al. Sherlock, however, seemed unconcerned about keeping up. He stopped to speak with an ancient wizard in nineteenth century Wizarding robes, then with a bloke in form-fitting scarlet robes, and then again with a wizard with a special pocket in his robes where he tucked the end of his beard. He seemed most taken with the turn-of-the-century robes with cape sleeves and astronomical designs stitched into the fabric with silver thread.
Well - I was almost finished with  this chapter yesterday, but made the mistake of not posting before TST aired. Can you imagine how difficult it was to get back to the story after that? So I waited 'til this morning, which I think was a good thing, because by then I had THAT John Watson out of my head, and this one back again. And I think I may have over-compensated a bit, but I also think that helped this chapter. It's one of my faves so far. Hope you enjoy it.
By brute force of will, calling upon the discipline he’d lost of late, but that he’d practiced the entirety of his adult life, he adhered to a strict schedule for those first long weeks. Weeks when he slept the night through without a call to go to Sherlock – to help him through a seizure – real or feigned. Up early for a brisk walk, breakfast, rounds, treatments, an hour in the music room coaxing tunes from the piano with his inadequate fingers, then lunch, more rounds, a game of chess in the mid afternoon.
Arranging the purchase takes what’s left of the week, and they visit again before they return to London, to this little bit of heaven on earth, and John looks at Sherlock on his hands and knees in the garden as he examines the soil and laughs.
“Well, that was cheerful,” Sherlock told John a few minutes later as they prepared to board the second plane. “Could you remind me again why we’re not doing this in a church?”
It's convenient that Sherlock will see Rosie the very next day.  She’s midway through her first year at Cambridge, and if Sherlock hadn’t been presented with the heart-wrenching image the day before of John lifting himself up backward, stair by stair, to 221B, he might not have mentioned John’s injury at all.  But now it’s the only thing on his mind, having supplanted both the case and Rosie.
Sherlock captured the pawn with one of his own pawns, and John quickly took Sherlock’s in a one-for-one that left him well-positioned.
“A desk job is waiting for me in London,” he answered. “It seems field operations are not my strong suit.  The powers that be want my ‘arse behind a desk’ and not compromising the security of the entire nation, even though my capture had nothing to do with - .” He stopped himself and looked away. “So no – I won’t be staying here at Rosethorne, Dr. Watson. In fact, I’ll be leaving before nightfall.”
Sherlock pointed toward  Ginny and whispered to John. “She and Scorpion were going to ebolagate me, John. I barely made it out of there with my mind palace intact.”
No matter that it takes him hours to notice John is missing, and another frantic hour after that to find him, Sherlock is at his side when he opens his eyes.
“You’re very lucky,” John said in his best bedside voice as he took Mycroft’s pulse. “The break was clean and you only needed a dozen stitches. I hope you have the sense to go to hospital next time.”
Annie came to fetch him just after lunch on Tuesday. Word had traveled quickly around Rosethorne of the senior Holmes’ arrival, and about the officers accompanying him who’d been given guest rooms. The cook was loudly lamenting her orders not to serve chicken or shellfish while the guests were on premise, complaining about allergies and special diets, and Mycroft pulled Lestrade from his garden duties and assigned him to helping Simon tend to the needs of the guests. Lestrade looked uncomfortable in the more formal clothing, and John caught him pulling at his white collar more than once.
He shifted in his seat, grimacing in pain as the car bounced along a road that could only generously be called maintained. He’d been met at the train station in Yorkshire more than an hour ago, and had barely had time to stretch his sore muscles and try to work the stiffness out of his leg and shoulder before he was being ushered into a car by a grey-suited driver, impatient to deliver him to his new assignment.
One more chapter, and possibly an epilogue, so I hope you can sit tight. As this chapter ends on a cliffie, I've given you a few sentences from the next chapter, which I'm trying to complete in November. I hate having strung this one out so long, but life got busy - impending (
“One after each other in quick succession,” Lee said. “We’re taking up bigger planes this time, and our timing has to be perfect. Since we won’t have enough time to become experienced aerial acrobats, we’ll be helping you all out with a nudge here and there to get you in formation.”
“Back to the original premise, then,” Sherlock said, and he must have forced his brain to do an about face, as he suddenly looked completely serious, as if nothing other than the very grave matter of an actual kidnapping was on his mind. “One more reason why Miss Adler might prefer her disappearance to be considered a kidnapping. We’ve already covered the bumbling constables.”
But Mycroft’s unexpected arrival, with three uniformed officers soon following, put a quick end to any plans to enjoy the out-of-doors.
“You’re going to have to help me, Sherlock,” he said, hissing against the pain. He flexed his fingers, grimacing at the burn. “I can’t get the stingers out with my left hand.” He flexed his left hand reflexively along with the right. “Sherlock?”
A garden that missed Sherlock. Missed his motion, his music. Missed him conducting the impossible flight of bees with raised bow, or taking up the clippers to sculpt the mane of a lion or the arced spine of a sea monster. The low work table sat neglected, and the pile of lumber from the dismantled garden shed was slowly disappearing under a blanket of leaves.
Then, one after the other, they were gone until Sherlock was standing on the edge of the plane wondering if the rest of his buttons would survive the jump. He really hated to leave the one behind.
“Pink again,” sighed Sherlock, looking up. He of course was floating along with Severus, whose parachute was a very lovely shade of off-black but had caught on Sherlock’s and was only half-deployed, causing them to drop rather more precipitously than either liked.
Sherlock had embarked on an odd experiment a week ago, and had been collecting his own ejaculate every morning to determine if sleep, volume of liquids ingested or non-prescription medications affected the sperm’s motility.
The key, then, would be to manage him - give him something as enjoyable, as engrossing to do in his off time as in his time on. That, in and of itself, would not be difficult. Balancing the two, however, would be.
“I don’t need you to hold my hand!” Mycroft exclaimed. “I don’t think you even washed it! You’ve probably had it in
He thought about the invalid again that evening after dinner, long after his encounter with Holmes. He was walking the garden paths, taking his time and enjoying the unusually nice weather, trying to relax shoulders that had tightened over the long day, slowly flexing his left hand, wanting to believe it was stronger, better. Molly thought so – guarded optimism, she said – when she sometimes popped in on him and sat down beside him on the bench and pecked at the keys while he grimaced and showed her a chord or a short key sequence that always made her smile. He’d asked her about Billy’s charge before dinner, but she didn’t know anything more than he did. Like him, she’d been told that there was an additional resident, an invalid, who might require her care or intervention should there be a true emergency, but who had his own caregivers. In all the time she’d spent at Rosethorne, she’d not seen the patient, or been called in to consult.
John dropped his hand from Sherlock’s face and glanced back at Mycroft’s door. He straightened his collar and smoothed out his trousers, and Sherlock snorted softly beside him.
“Is that what’s upsetting you then?” John asked, calmly filling in a word in the crossword he’d been working on and off all afternoon.
John sighed and glanced around the room. She’d been mostly gone for years, ever since starting Uni, and they’d never quite reclaimed the space, no matter how crowded things had become downstairs. She’d not be coming back again – not to live here, or to spend a week or two between terms.
The statement hung in the air between them. Mycroft refused Sherlock’s request? Sherlock could be so persistent he’d have strangers revealing their NI numbers on a crowded tube carriage.
In five years – or ten – will the man whose life you saved on the battlefield see you on the street in London and tell his wife that you are the person who sewed him back together in North Africa? No! He’ll look at you and see the
“He practically did a pirouette,” John said with a smile. “He threw out his back jumping up and down in giddy excitement.”
The man grins. He extends a hand to Sherlock. “John Watson – you can move in any time.  Rent’s due on the first. The landlady is Mrs. Hudson – she’ll tell you she’s not the housekeeper but she’s really a lamb – though she hates to find body parts in the fridge.”
Sherlock shrugged. “None of it, actually. We exchanged pleasantries as he attempted to unlock Mrs. Hudson’s door and I started up the stairs.”
“You kiss with your eyes open,” Sherlock whispered into his mouth, pulling his lips away from John’s and grazing them over the corner of his eye and it shouldn’t have felt so intimate, so erotic. It shouldn’t have made him shiver, and wrap his good arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, sink his face into the crook of his neck and breathe him in. He closed his eyes now, squeezed them shut until light seemed to dance behind his eyelids like shards of a shattered star.
Mycroft leveled a critical gaze at him. “Did you stretch before bed? You seem rather stiff. Maybe you shouldn’t have fallen off that broom so many times yesterday.”
“How did I know about your wanderings?” Sherlock folded his hands together and rested his chin on this thumbs.
“No! Anything but that – seriously, Professor! He’d murder me – I’ll scrub cauldrons. I’ll – I’ll – clean your Kneazle’s box. And – uh – ”
He pressed his lips to John’s hand, and John sighed, even as the feeling of Sherlock’s lips branding his skin imprinted itself on his heart.
“He seemed amenable to sharing it, didn’t he?” John asked, eyes on Sherlock’s fingers which hovered first over his rook, then his bishop.
“This has my brother’s fingers all over it,” Holmes said at last, gazing fixedly at John’s face. “He resents being here – being kept here. He has helped her escape.”
Sherlock was still convulsing, though less violently than before, but John stayed with him, hoping that Lestrade would remain with them and not run back to the house to raise an alarm.
“Hmm.” She rearranged the files, seemingly at random, and frowned, then stacked them neatly and arranged them on the desk. “Does it seem at all odd to you that you’ve been sent somewhere where you’re really not needed yet something
“No – he doesn’t really need it. He’s got epilepsy – from the head injury. He has seizures – sometimes bad ones. That’s the real reason they brought me here. This one wasn’t so bad, all told. He doesn’t need the chair – it’s part of our disguise. It’s meant to make people think it’s his grandfather I’m bringing out here.”
“I think he’s having me on,” Sherlock said, once again conversing with the ceiling. “He’s heard about me and is playing games.” He narrowed his eyes and gazed at John suspiciously. “Are you in on this, John? Sneaking down there and giggling in the corner with him while you plot ways to make me think I’m losing my mind?”
Sherlock stared at John, slowly blinked, then stared at him again, perhaps surprised that it was still John standing there and not some alien life form or dream phantom.
But he thought she didn’t look convinced, and he saw her looking at him speculatively more than once that morning as she made the rounds, introducing him to each patient, and watching them interact with unveiled interest.
By great force of will, John kept his mouth from falling open. He cleared his throat, realising that an ugly or angry retort would accomplish nothing – everything she knew about him must have come from Mycroft Holmes, and everything
Beside him, sitting cross-legged on the bed in a crisp white uniform and cap, a nurse looked over at him and smiled. John, dumbfounded, stared at her hand with its polished red nails as it slid through Sherlock’s curls.
It wasn’t something he could tell Al, or Charlie, or any of the others. That he’d found purpose in the impossible task that was Sherlock Holmes. That no surgical procedure could possibly be as rewarding as watching Sherlock come alive in the garden, nothing as fulfilling as kissing him against an earthen wall in a centuries-old secret tunnel. He’d not have believed anyone if they’d told him he’d find meaning and purpose again, that he’d love, and be loved in return.
and still a Holmes.” She took a few steps closer, studying Sherlock with a tentative smile. “I thought I’d walk in on John taking the old man’s pulse. I expected him to be very old, and very feeble, but with a mind as sharp as a whip. But you – ” She smiled again, and John thought the smile bled outside the lines of professionalism, “You certainly don’t look like you need my help, Mr. Holmes.”
“Sherlock – did you ask Harry if he owns an owl or did you just poke about in his things while he was out of the room?”
“The music room,” she said with a broad gesture. She’d stepped into the middle of the room and turned back to beckon John forward.
“So gallant, Dr. Watson,” she murmured, extending a hand and brushing her knuckles along his jaw. There was nothing weak, nothing hesitant, in her touch, and her eyes, when he met them, were hard and determined. “Don’t let him break you, John,” she murmured. “Remember why you’re here.”
In a way, it was good. It kept Sherlock from spewing out random magical vocabulary during decidedly Muppet activities.
They had to get through an entire day with their friends and family mingling with the Potters and Weasleys. And while they were up in the plane, Mycroft and Harry and Mrs. Hudson and her niece and Molly and Greg and the others would be waiting on the ground.
John sighed. He certainly wasn’t going to beat Sherlock at this game. “I can’t.” He gestured at the bird. “He might see it.”
“My brother’s antics have caused me a great deal of trouble and have put me a week behind on a project of national importance. I trust you can keep him out of additional trouble, Dr. Watson?  He’s eager to see you again, though he won’t indulge while I am here. He doesn’t trust me, or my motives, for that matter. Extending the length of his recovery, he believes, inhibits my plans, or whatever he’s determined they are. And before you ask, we need him. The war effort needs him.  He has a certain gift, you might call it, and we haven’t yet found someone who can replace him.”
Sherlock gazed at John a moment, then looked away and took up the clippers again. “Don’t say his name in the garden – please, John.”
Like Rosie, Al would be off to uni in the Fall. Like Rosie, he loved chemistry. Like Rosie, he had a father with a male partner.
Now that Rosie and Al are raising a family, Sherlock is having a very very hard time waiting to learn if his grandson is a wiz-fit or a Muppel.
And while watching a squirrel scamper onto a man’s shoulder and accept a treat was certainly unexpected, Sherlock seemed to take the entire thing in stride. This was, after all, a most unexpected place, almost magical in its decidedly un-manorlike disorder. If squirrels on the manor grounds scampered up trees at their approach, squirrels here would come to them to beg treats and ride about the garden on shoulders.
Billy had now backed over to the door, but he apparently got his marching orders from Mrs. Hudson, for he stood there, head swiveling from John to Mrs. Hudson, looking conflicted.
“A man with a medical degree should be able to count better,” Sherlock said. “That was another question. That sure you’re going to win?”
He waits outside patiently, tapping his cane on the floor beside his foot, watching a CCTV camera in the corner make lazy and seemingly random passes.
“Master Holmes says to come at once, and to bring your bag,” Annie instructed, looking flustered. She stood at John’s door, nervously waiting, while he shrugged into his jacket and grabbed his bag. “He’s sent away both Simon and Greg,” she whispered as he followed her into the corridor. She took an unexpected turn, and he realized they weren’t headed to the usual parlour. “It’s odd, it is. All this secrecy every time he turns up with that tall major.”
“No - at least, not at first. As we don’t yet know how well Sherlock will progress with the work, our main team will keep moving forward with the project.”
He’d have time to think about it later, to ask the hundred and one questions percolating through his mind as his instincts won out and he slipped into medical mode.
“And to resize it at least three times as she grew,” John added. “And you’re nowhere near ten yet, Sherlock. How about the bee costume – the one with the pollen sacs? I can’t begin to tell you all the things I’d find in those pouches when I washed that thing.”
“She lived nearby – across the street, perhaps? You went there after school to practice. You never complained.”
“Are you asking me to do this or ordering me?” John asked. He set his teacup on its saucer on the table and squared his shoulders, drawing himself up to what amounted to seated attention.
Sherlock grimaced but didn’t move. He drew his knees up even closer to his chest, arms encircling them and staring at John with a disinterested and silent resignation John did not believe for a heartbeat.
He scoffed. What the garden needed, he thought, was a bunker. He glanced at the leather case Molly held, the case that was full of secret documents that shouldn’t be in the garden at all.
John imagined Sherlock as a child, and had no trouble at all seeing him sitting on a garden bench, petulantly pulling at this cuffs and kicking stones out of the way with well-shined shoes, or running along the paths ahead of his brother, brandishing a stick like an army rifle.
But no seizures – at least temporarily – was good news for a man recovering from another head injury and a compound fracture.
“And I haven’t actually agreed to this yet,” Sherlock stated. He summarily ignored the uniformed officers when he spoke and directed his statements to Mycroft.
“There’s a door in the wall,” he said. “And a very convenient garden shed to dismantle just a few yards away. Lestrade can help up - we can haul the wood through the door and save ourselves a -.”
By the middle of November, the days were too short and the wind too cold for long forays into the garden, and Al and Charlie had families at home and lives to lead away from Rosethorne. John ventured out on daily walks, but his skin felt too-tight in the too-quiet garden, where remembered discoveries, gaiety, camaraderie, made the early-winter bleakness even more oppressive and lonely.
They stared at each other a moment, then John’s mouth quirked into a smile he couldn’t suppress, and Molly grinned.
John laughed, but it was a broken sort of sound. “I wouldn’t have remembered – not this year. Not with how things are now,” John said. He’d dropped his head back and stared at the ceiling. “But it was the first god damn thing I saw on my mobile when I checked the news this morning.”
The crow in question flew from its perch atop a tree down to the fountain, where it extended its wings and cawed again. It appeared to be focusing its attention on John.
“Alright,” she demanded. “Who thought it important to tell me an oddball who doesn’t use technology or leave footprints is living in Mrs. Hudson’s flat but
“Of course! I’ve spoken with Lestrade - he hasn’t admitted to knowing about the garden - he affected muteness again to avoid answering, but he’ll come around quickly as soon as I go poking about with you.”
The rest of the day passed pleasantly enough, with the exception of the dreaded meeting where Al and Rosie sat down parents and grandparents and introduced their unconventional wedding plans.
“I already told you I never learned to play,” she said, dusting over the keys with her free right hand. “My mum wanted me to, but I wanted to dance so I took ballet.”
There’s a staring match, an argument, an attempt at bargaining, a sulk, and then, true to form, John capitulates.
“And he was whistling – I’d been told he was mute, and had never heard him utter a sound. But there he was with his clippers over his shoulders. I had a veiled chat with your brother about it – he knows I’ve been prowling about out here. He warned me about locked doors, and told me I should find the keeper of the keys.”
“What are you doing?” protested John, squinting the dimming evening sun at Sherlock. “You’ve lost your shoe.”
know are either associated with military intelligence or confined here at Rosethorne. You, Mrs Hudson, Billy, and now Lestrade and Molly Hooper. My mother would not stay here. She also cannot be trusted not to reveal my status. As I said - she is very easily distracted. She would forget the information is a secret.”
Sherlock was quiet for some time, but when he spoke, he surprised John with the direction of his thoughts, and the intensity of emotion behind his words.
John huffed and slid out of bed, heading to the dresser for a fresh pair of boxers. He spoke as he rummaged in the drawer. “I’m going to make you breakfast, and then we’re going to sit down and have a discussion about manners, because I’m not taking you to the Weasley’s if you keep talking like that to adults.”
“I’m told I was hand-picked as well,” John confided. He was growing more and more curious about this convalescent manor and its peculiar purpose. “Odd – considering my injuries.” He nodded at his left hand, which was resting on his thigh.
They’re just words. Words strung together to communicate a fact. A subject pronoun – indicating more than one person. A We referring to the two men who live at Baker Street, inhabiting different rooms in an all-but-shared life. One a single parent, the other a … a ….
It took him an inordinately long while to formulate his answer, and put the words to paper. John sat watching him, gut tight with apprehension. He stood when Lestrade stopped writing, and looked up at him expectantly.
- were it not this particular mother and son. The ex-wife and son of my own partner! The brother and mother of your best friend! And on your best friend’s wedding day!
What he’d have liked to forget, the thing Mycroft had literally shoved under his nose, could not be deleted until John got home from work.
“You’ve had three seizures – that’s more than usual, right?” He kept his arm firmly planted on the man’s forearm.  Mary had liked that – the feeling of being grounded. Sherlock, apparently, did not.
“Sherlock, you knew to expect this,” John whispered as Rosie led them back outside. “Stop gaping. This is
“He looks more like a Muppet,” said Sherlock, gazing at his new grandson with interest. “A red one.”
Molly looked much more energised than he felt. She would, of course. She had an intriguing new task and an interesting new partner.
She was babbling, reluctant to leave Sherlock, or to leave him with John. He wondered if she was more worried about what Sherlock might say or do, or about John’s ability to care for him.
Miraculously, and without Sherlock, he manages to successfully hail a cab the first try. Unfortunately, the cabbie suffers a massive stroke as they speed down a busy street. And while John hits his head and passes out almost immediately, the concussion he suffers is a side note as his leg takes most of the damage.
He fell asleep in the impossibly comfortable chair, and didn’t know that Sherlock played on for nearly an hour, or that he tucked a blanket ‘round John, lifting his crippled arm with curious tenderness. Or that he stared off into space for some time after – mentally reciting pi to one hundred places, listing the elements of the periodic table, counting to one hundred in Cantonese.
And he’s there through the interminable days that follow, the additional surgeries, the consultations with specialists, the discharge to rehab, the temporary move to Mrs. Hudson’s flat. He’s there, months after the accident, right behind John as he carefully – and stubbornly – makes his way up the stairs.
“Mycroft brought you here to Rosethorne. He told you it was a place where you could recover and heal but you knew you’d be left alone here, and you craved that peace. You
The only thing extraordinary about either of these boys was how closely their injuries paralleled his own and Sherlock’s.
“The Burrow…”  Al squirmed a bit in his chair. “Well, it’s – kind of ramshackle, I guess. There’s a pond, and a qui – a pitch.  Gramps collects plugs and batteries and car parts.”
John waited there, silently, until Greg Lestrade moved out of sight, then he quietly made his way back the way he’d come, dazed at his discovery, confused by it.
Billy was rough around the edges. Very rough, even in the tailored but serviceable clothing. John couldn’t begin to imagine him caring for an elderly man – or woman. He seemed more the type to run errands, or tiptoe about the house listening in doorways. John could see him
not to speak once you recovered physically. My bother wanted you to see a psychiatrist – of course he did –  but you refused, and he’s let you be – so far – because he hasn’t needed you yet. You blame yourself because you promised to protect me – you promised my brother, and you promised yourself. You didn’t think me capable of protecting myself when I was deep in The Work.”
And there – almost out of sight in a little nook between wardrobe and dresser – propped atop a stack of sheet music – a violin.
“Let’s just say I provided a distraction while he went in for his brother. Alcohol is such a useful thing.”
He kept playing for some time, and didn’t hear Sherlock stand, and nearly jumped when the other man slid onto the bench beside him. He reached over for John’s right hand.
By ten o’clock, he’s had a holiday call with Harry, and Rosie has fallen asleep on a blanket on the floor.
Sherlock grinned, and John reached up to pull him down into another kiss, and for a long while, the silence of the room was broken only by the squeak of the bedsprings and the small, breathy moans of the two men, one of them stretched invitingly on the bed with his hands deftly secured to the headboard.
John had carefully counted the steps from the work room to the cottage through the tunnel, and lamps and torches were kept ready at either end. He knew exactly how long it took to traverse it, as well. He had every confidence that Sherlock and Molly would be able to get back into the work room within ten minutes when the need arose.
“Are you mad?” Sherlock closed his eyes. “London to Yorkshire?” He sounded very tired, not surprisingly, but wistful too, and John, who’d spent only an hour with the man, found the tone discordant with what little else he knew of him.
“If you could either have your mind palace back again, or be free of these seizures, which would you choose?”
Through the wardrobe. Into the all-forgiving, all-concealing cover of darkness. A long, slow, arduous, teasing sort of climb. A fall into a forbidden paradise. A rise to cold, harsh reality.
left here taking care of someone else’s problem? He wasn’t responsible for Mycroft’s current predicament, nor should he be responsible for caring for him while Sherlock went about his business.
“Because the Aurors will have it all sorted out in no time – the headmistress promised me. She told me to enjoy being a child again and to take
John lifted one of the man’s still-heavy eyelids, revealing an eye whose colour he couldn’t name, an eye still dull and unfocused. “What did you say his name is?” It was something odd, uncommon. Not wholly dissimilar to Mycroft.
“Her injuries aren’t detailed,” John noted with a frown. “But the treatment she’s receiving – poison?”
He let go of Sherlock’s jacket as Sherlock leaned into him even harder, and lifted his other hand to frame Sherlock’s face as he kissed him in the dark.
It was certainly not the question John had been expecting, and not one for which he had a ready answer.
He wanted to believe her. He wanted desperately to believe that Sherlock would be back. That Mycroft could be trusted to keep his end of the agreement. That the war would end with the Allies victorious. That all the broken pieces would fall together for a pair of misfits who’d already given their all, coming out the other side of the war damaged but still breathing.
“Of course.” John placed his bag on the foot of the bed and waited while Holmes took his time removing his slippers, then moved closer to the side of the bed where John stood.
And he couldn’t have made a noise, not when Sherlock turned his head, brushing those lips against his skin from the hollow of his ear, across his cheek, to the corner of his mouth.
“Ah – right. Bees.” He watched a moment, more interested in Sherlock’s reaction than in the hive itself. His instinct was to grab Sherlock by his feet and drag him back and away from the bees. He had no idea if he was allergic, or what an attack could trigger in a system as compromised as Sherlock’s was.
“In the past thirty minutes, I ambushed you in your own bedroom, implicated you in the disappearance of one of Britain’s finest spies, and asked you to follow me here, all while disguised as a woman. And the first question you ask is about my sleep habits.”
He let out a huff of air, deflecting a moment for time. “That came out of the blue. I was expecting you to ask my favourite colour, or whether I prefer a soft or a firm mattress.”
“There’s a catch, of course,” Sherlock said at last. He affected a military rest position, but he was no John Watson, and managed to look not at all at ease.
John tossed the shawl at him. Sherlock caught it with one hand then stood from the bed and plopped down onto the wheelchair. “You did do your research. Grandfather only had the one leg.”
“I’m going to drop in on Harry,” he announced after John, bored with every single one of the 145 channels available on their television, changed the channel for the third time in five minutes.
knew came from John’s private military records. Records, he noted, that apparently weren’t very private at all. No one seeing him going about with limp and cane would assume he was simply imagining an injury.
“Mycroft would have loved this,” he said. “He’d have worn it around his neck like a medical alert device. He’d have taken it off before bed and kissed it and placed it in a custom-designed bedside shrine." He smiled, and John, gripping Rosie’s hand, blinked back ridiculous tears. “And I’d have constantly reminded him that my medal was bigger.” He held the two up together. “John will do something appropriate with mine. Wrap it up and pass it down to our grandson, perhaps. But I’ll take care of Mycroft's – put it in a place of honour. Give him the respect now that I never showed him during life.”
“You do know it’s after three o’clock in the morning,” John said, taking the proffered seat with a covered yawn. “Do you ever sleep?”
John swallowed. His left hand, once weak and useless, fisted nearly as tight as his right. He sucked in a breath then let it out very slowly.
But when John was sitting before the piano, his mind was a thousand miles away. Up above the clouds, out beyond the white cliffs of Dover, far out to sea. Running through the London alleys with his boyhood playmates, daring each other to climb on the bins to reach the ladders to scramble up on the city roofs.
But now, Molly’s attention was on Sherlock. Sherlock, who was younger than John, taller, wealthier, smarter, and certainly more attractive. Sherlock, whose family owned all of Rosethorne. Who was so intelligent, so accomplished, that England was waiting for him to recover to end the bloody war. Sherlock, who had hand-picked Molly to come to Rosethorne to work alongside him. It seemed incongruous to think of Sherlock that way, but Sherlock was a man, a man who’d been kept isolated for quite some time. Just because John hadn’t shown an interest in Molly didn’t mean no one else would.
The problem of Sherlock, and of Lestrade, and why his stomach ached for what Sherlock went through, and why he envied Lestrade for pulling him out of the gutter.
“Well, is he or isn’t he?” Sherlock asked in a loud whisper as he sat with little Hamish in his lap and unwrapped the blanket to count his toes.
“A long time ago,” he said. “She was ill for a long time – I used to play for her. She said it helped...with the pain.”
He’d forgotten how to strike up a conversation with a strange in a park or bar, so he stared at the telly in the corner instead, looking up sharply, or perhaps longingly, when a medical transport helicopter on its way to Barts or St. Mary’s crossed low overhead, rumbling the ground. They weren’t his alarm clocks any longer and he’d mentally kick himself and get back to sipping his pint.
He didn’t know how to judge robes, and certainly wasn’t a connoisseur of fine clothing, but he instinctively knew that these were high fashion and very elegant.
“No,” answered John and Rosie at the same time that Al answered “I do – Madam Boyer was there when I was a student.”
It’s not the loo, and it’s not his bedsit.  It’s a flat he’s never seen, furnished chaotically, every surface piled high with books and magazines. Index cards are stuck to a wall, some of them impaled with what look like Samurai knives, and someone appears to have shot holes through the wallpaper. A suit coat and plum-coloured shirt are draped over the back of the most comfortable chair he’s ever seen. Oddly, there doesn’t appear to be anyone at home.
His right hand clenched involuntarily, and he forced himself to relax. He gave Sherlock a smile that he could only hope was convincing.
“What do you know about my make-up?” John asked, his voice steely. But it was all for show, really. He shouldn’t be surprised - at all - at any of the startlingly accurate deductions made by Sherlock Holmes.
There was a kiss, a quiet morning, a peaceful day. An evening together, a bottle of wine, a door left open, sheets turned down in invitation. There was a breeze through the window, a rustling of fabric, a feather-soft pillow, and sleep as restful as he’d ever had, Sherlock’s steady breathing a metronome of tranquility, a bellwether of change.
He worked the bed around the maze in pieces, as Greg prepared it circling clockwise, arranging whatever Greg left for him be it bulbs or seeds or transplanted vines or clumps of roots salvaged from another part of the manor.
They landed precisely where he meant to take them, dead-center in a wide swath of grass – the designated Apparition zone – a few meters from the gate. He let go of Mycroft’s hand when he had his footing, and the child immediately teetered, fell over onto his side, curled up into a foetal position, and let out an unholy scream.
“He is considering it,” Sherlock told John the next afternoon when John rushed in, having been told by Mrs. Hudson that he was needed - and quickly.
“You’re not getting out of this,” John warned Sherlock as Mycroft eyed them appraisingly, then started down the stairs toward them.
The other papers held the relevant facts, sketchy as they were, about the patient, his injury and resultant condition, and his treatment.
John sighed. Somehow, he wasn’t terribly surprised by this latest revelation, which should have been very surprising indeed.
John gave a quiet snort. “Here? At Rosethorne? Quiet dinners and strolls in the garden with Mycroft?”
John gave up his study of the wall and turned back toward Sherlock, just as the hinges of the gate groaned and screeched.
“You do realise you can’t be my alibi, don’t you?” John asked, thinking that he’d rather be out exploring the gardens than spending any time at all being questioned by the village constables, and realising, now that he was more awake, that there were several large plot holes in Sherlock’s story. “Being as you’re dead and all.”
“We’ve made virtually no progress on the – on Project Bluebird – since the attack that injured Mr. Holmes.” Captain Anderson spoke in one of those superior tones that raised John’s hackles. “The rest of the team will be redirected to other critical projects, and Bluebird comes back to roost here with The Magpie.”
He cut himself off with a huff. He didn’t need to clutter his mind with the type of biscuits Sherlock Holmes favoured.
John thought this rather obvious. “I suppose she figured out she would be sent away – and she wanted to leave on her own terms.”
John glanced over at the woodpile peeking out from beneath the fallen leaves. He’d painstakingly dissembled a garden shed, pulled out old and bent nails, moved and stacked the wood with Sherlock. He’d thought they’d make a treehouse, a project for the two of them to keep Sherlock’s mind on something besides code and scribbled notes and the reordering of a mad library as nebulous as the sky in March. He’d had in mind something to help him heal – something to do together.
When they stood around Rosie and Al, hands outstretched and joined with the person on either side, John swallowed a lump in his throat.
God he hoped these two didn’t fall into conversations like this all the time now. What more could there possibly be to discuss concerning nerve damage and restorative therapy?
seen a change in Sherlock –when John came to fetch him every day at four o’clock, an hour after Molly left to do afternoon physio with her patients, Sherlock actually noticed when John knocked at the door. He seemed genuinely pleased to see John, ready to be done with the work and to get on with the more pleasant parts of the day. Sherlock looked healthier all around, and though the seizures continued, they’d not worsened in severity.
Sherlock will treasure the scarf always, and give it to John to wear from time to time until his scent once again permeates the woolen strands. With time, and with Sherlock at his side, the angry red sun will diffuse into softer hues of orange and gold, and the light of the crescent moon will fade away into the dawning day.
Four and a half hours after Molly left, Mrs. Hudson finally came to tell him he was wanted in His Majesty’s throne room.
John bristled. What the hell was wrong with Sherlock today? “How do you know that? That – that’s not in my file. It’s not even right – not exactly. And it doesn’t matter – I loved her.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I asked him that, but he didn’t say. He was on the police force when I met him. I don’t know what he did before that. Sometimes the artist is buried deep inside the man, John, and it takes a life-changing event to shake him loose.”
“Functional,” supplied Sherlock, continuing on until he was fiddling with the closure at his collar. “Put yours on, John. Come on – a selfie for Rosie.”
“Like this, John.” Molly worked her hand under his, coaxing his hand into a higher arch. “Press down deliberately, one by one. Don’t drop your entire hand.”
“Al shouldn’t…” he began, something inside him immediately balking at the idea of bringing anyone else – strangers, outsiders - to their garden.
He could hear sirens now, and everyone ran off except for John, who stood below him shaking his head fondly. “You realise that the photographer has a complete video sequence of you parachuting into the tree, and about a hundred photos of you dangling there bare-legged?”
When he finished speaking, Molly opened her mouth, closed it, then opened it again. Another false start. While she struggled to find her voice, John, whose brain had finally stopped short-circuiting at the idea of covering Sherlock’s physical needs – spoke up.
“Something is better than nothing at all,” said Captain Anderson with an unattractive, thin-lipped smile. John instantly disliked the man.
“You’re clever,” she said. “You read between the lines. You - .” She paused, frowning. “What are you doing here, anyway? Why aren’t you in Africa?” She fumbled, realising her slip. “Oh, I may as well tell you. Mrs. Hudson told me Mr. Holmes was bringing in a military doctor. But I expected a fumbling old codger, too old to be of much use in a field hospital. But there you were this morning – all polite and lovely and certainly capable - and it just made me angry. We don’t really need a doctor here – do we? These patients are convalescing. They don’t need complicated medical treatments, much less surgery! I’ve spent hours and hours devising their treatments – their therapy. And suddenly I had a nice young doctor who could actually think for himself here, ready to dig in and change things up.”
“I saw him up at the cottage when I got cleaned up,” Sherlock volunteered. He elbowed John when John began to protest that he hadn’t in fact managed to clean himself up.
“I suppose you’ll have to lend me cab fare then,” John says as Sherlock flips on the light and excuses himself.
“Only her?” John asked with a smile. Pushing the chair back to the house, up the gradual incline, was always a challenge with his weak arm. He had to hold his body off-center and lean into the chair from the left to direct it. He was glad to have Sherlock engaged in telling a story instead of feigning fright at his driving skills and calling for a taxi – humorous the first time, but now a stale joke.
“When my father was barely two years old, grandmother took him with her to the garden on a warm spring morning. They found him there hours later, crying, lost in the hedge maze, too small to see over the top. And they found grandmother dead among her roses, with a bee’s stinger in her grotesquely swollen hand. Grandfather locked up the garden and never again visited it, and father was raised by nannies, and never knew his mother, or the lovely garden that had been her solace at Rosethorne.”
The man was so utterly exasperating – brilliant one moment, sulking the next, acting out in front of John’s superior officers.
His left hand fell heavily onto his lap as he picked idly at the keys with his right. He was startled when a voice at the door addressed him.
hand,” she said. “Instead of working to strengthen your hand so you can use it to make music the way it used to.”
John settled on the ground beside him. It felt good to rest, and better yet to do so out-of-doors in the calm evening, with Sherlock slowed down to nearly his own speed. He gazed upward into the tree for a minute, wondering what Sherlock was staring at, but couldn’t make out form in the shadows. He watched the clouds roll by for a time, then let his gaze wander back to the garden wall, and the doorway in it, and the shed just past the doorway. It was as if everything they needed to execute their plan had been dropped in pieces at their feet for them to assemble.
- pointed to his selection as resident physician for Rosethorne Manor being much more than a happy coincidence.
“We don’t have years,” Holmes said dismissively. “It’s been months already.” His fingers continued their rhythmic tapping.
He must have looked less in control than he thought because she brought her hand to her face and muttered “Oh dear.”
“Or course.” John had no intention of bringing Sherlock out any earlier – he was nervous enough even this late in the day. “Hat and glasses – we need to get back inside.”
Mycroft’s gaze hardened. “It is impossible to complete the training here. You know the logistical impossibility. You’ll go to them – and you’ll work with them until you are no longer needed.”
Sherlock refused to play for an entire three minutes, and John filled in two more answers while he patiently waited.
“My uncle lost an ear in the war,” he told her, touching a particularly bulbous earlobe with the tip of one finger.
“Do you know what is in those packages, John?” asked Sherlock, folding his hands behind his head and looking upward to study the clouds.
“Where did you – no. Never mind. It doesn’t matter.” The infection had likely come from the actual surgical procedure, John concluded. At this point, it would be a waste of time to chase down the butcher who’d performed the procedure. It didn’t matter who had done the job – taking care of the resulting infection was far more important than finding someone to blame. John would have to treat it as best he could with clumsy hands and the supplies he had available.
going. Rosie is going.” He rested a hand on the arm of the sofa for support and dug beside the cushion until he located Sherlock’s mobile. He unlocked it without explaining how he knew the pin and rang up Mycroft, turning on the device’s speaker as he settled back into his chair with a groan.
“I’ve found the garden,” Sherlock said - speaking more coherently than he should have been able to this soon following an attack. He was addressing Lestrade, who remained behind John. “This is the one - I’m sure of it.”
it in his gut, had seen how his wife thrived on sleep and distraction, how she declined when over-tired, or too-long stressed. There were no guarantees, but Mary had lived a better life, at least, without the worries and cares of her past plaguing her every thought.
He trailed off as Sherlock, still staring up into the tree, suddenly jumped to his feet. He grabbed at the tree, dizzy and disoriented, as John hauled himself up to steady him.
“I wanted to thank you – for the use of the music room,” he began after a prolonged silence, back still turned. He took his time closing up his bag, then turned to face Holmes, for he wanted to see the man’s face when he answered. Holmes had stopped studying his toe and was looking at John with interest. “I’ve noticed that someone else is using the room,” he continued. “Who would that be?”
Mrs. Hudson proceeded directly over to yet another door. This one, like the one before it at the bottom of the stairway, looked far more modern than the doors in the upstairs rooms, suggesting that the area had been built out much more recently. But instead of unlocking this door with the second key on her keyring, she knocked on it.
“Turn him on his side,” John ordered, pushing quickly into the room then dropping to his knees beside the convulsing man and his attendant.
On the third time through, with the pace resolved, working fluidly together, John quietly sang the lyrics as Sherlock’s right hand took hold of his left, grounding it. Grounding them.
“Good Morning, Dr. Watson,” she crooned, reaching down to brush the bottom of his chin with the tips of her fingers. “I wondered when you’d find your way here.”
They didn’t speak much after that, and when John was safely delivered to his comfortable and spacious quarters, he divested himself of coat and shoes and sat on the edge of the bed, then let himself fall back and stared at the ceiling.
He didn’t quite know how it happened – he was plucking idly at the grass under his fingers with his right hand, watching Sherlock, and he must have disturbed the bees, or somehow attracted them, because he was suddenly reacting to several sharp jabs in his hand, jumping up with a shout, shaking his hand and cursing.
Forty years later, a grown man will visit a small pocket park off the beaten track in London. He’s done well for himself, and has set up an endowment to maintain this little spot of green. There’s a dancing fountain for the children, comfortable benches for the parents, and winding paths full of flowers that attract butterflies and bees.
“You make it sound so easy,” John said. He stood, stretching to work a kink out of his back. “We should go in – it’s getting dark.”
“I’d be surprised if they aren’t checking it out,” John admitted. “There’s no question that his heart was weak, and had I thought there any possibility he’d had this particular activity on his mind, I’d have advised against it. Strongly. But that being said, it was a risky activity, but not one certain to result in a massive coronary. And what’s the motive? What could Irene Adler personally gain by killing a disabled general?”
Well...my brain hasn't been cooperating lately, so I swore off social media (that lasted about an hour) and turned off the TV and wrote...and rewrote...and rewrote. I don't usually do that, and must admit the political climate has deflated and distracted me. But I'm putting this out there nonetheless, with a promise of a really, really good next chapter with some actual movement in relationship development. You see it here - the beginning of understanding on John's part, motivated by the meeting of Molly and Sherlock.
Waited through a child, a flight, a discovery, a death, a sinister game. Waited while John and Rosie moved back to Baker Street, with John so close Sherlock could taste him in the air of the flat and Sherlock learned to calm a crying child and soothe nightmares with quiet lullabies.
And despite the simplicity of style and colour, every piece was well-cut and well-made, tailored to fit his shorter than average stature.
John’s hand dropped away from Mycroft’s shoulder. The dread he’d been keeping at bay hit him in full, but he managed a curt nod and stepped aside to allow Mycroft to make his way to the bathroom. He held the arm with the temporary cast awkwardly, and John thought he might need help in the loo, but couldn’t bring himself to offer.
John, who’d spent far more time fumbling through the retelling of his mistakes and tragedies than Sherlock had, was in the mood to listen.
But she’d be coming here on Saturday morning for breakfast before they left together for the wedding.
“Danny Boy?” John laughed, a genuine sound which started low and rumbled in his chest. His right hand  curled above the keys almost without his leave, and he waited for Sherlock to count quietly -
“It’s a ship, John.” John followed his finger as it moved to point out feature after feature. “Crow’s nest. Captain’s wheel. Plank – or what’s left of it – I can’t imagine my great-grandfather actually allowing a functional plank – perhaps there was a safety net… Ladder – Lestrade will have one, won’t he?”
John chuckled. “Amazing. I should ask how you know all these things, but I have an idea that you have eyes all over this estate.”
And apparently, even the prospect of lording it over older children armed with toothbrushes hadn’t been enough to completely take the sting off.
Arthur appeared to be swimming in a field, and Molly collided with Janes and Scorpio Malfoy while practicing the pencil move. The Potter family – Harry and his children and his ex-wife Ginny - were naturals and managed to look graceful and polished even while doing gravity-restricted somersaults.
He did stop, though, when he was nearly past it, as he trod on the distinctive shadow it made on the walk. He glanced inside, and all was as it always was.
Harry, who really was a pleasant, friendly man and who seemed quite reluctant to leave John alone, was finally convinced to leave him when assured that Sherlock was on his way home, but he had to pull Sev away from his examination of Sherlock’s microscope. John sincerely hoped Sherlock had put away the slides of John’s semen – why Sherlock cared a whit about sperm vitality at this point in their relationship he couldn’t guess.
“My body double,” Sherlock whispered, dropping the wig onto the dresser top and shrugging out of the frilly dressing gown. He draped it over the back of a chair and reached for his own gown, tying the sash and bidding John to follow him as he moved to the door leading to Wiggins’ room. John could see now that it was Wiggins himself sleeping in Sherlock’s bed. He’d not noticed before that the two men were of similar height, weight and complexion and one could pass for the other in near darkness.
John shook his head. When he spoke, he found himself revealing what he’d been holding so close. Revealing it without regrets – it seemed the appropriate time, at last, to tell Sherlock about what he’d found.
The children knew, though they didn’t know what they knew. Sherlock and John were family, like Mrs. Hudson, and mummy and dad. Sherlock brought them frogs eggs and caterpillars, balanced with them on railings, fixed their bicycles to reach maximum speed. John patched up their skinned knees, kept a supply of chocolate biscuits and read
“Care to help?” John asked, after Charlie stood there for several minutes, watching him laboriously work the saw up and down. He stood with his head canted, watching with his good eye and blinking too often, as if there was something obstructing his vision, something that could be magically blinked away.
Sherlock shifted in his seat, looking at John oddly. “Well, first of all, she is as she always was. Indescribably intelligent, very hard-working and terribly distracted.” He paused a moment, studying him, then added. “She’s not dead, John. What gave you the idea that she was?”
He glanced over at Sherlock when he didn't answer, expecting to find him still absorbed in his drawing. But Sherlock was no longer sitting with legs folded and notepad in his lap. He was lying on the ground, folded at an awkward angle, pencil, still clutched in his hand, half-buried in the soil beside him.
That’s how he’d started to think of it, anyway. He wasn’t at all convinced he’d be successful with such a subject as Sherlock Holmes, but he was nothing if not determined and resilient. He had developed thick skin over the years from dealing with patients, sick people, hurting, who would lash out through their pain. He’d learned not to take it personally, and that had served him well during the short years of his marriage. He could stoically enforce a regimen that was difficult and sometimes painful knowing that the end result would be more strength, more endurance, and faster recovery after an attack.
He’d dropped his head back on the chair again. He was already half in love with it, and he wondered if there was another like it in the house, one he could have moved into his own quarters. He wasn’t really thinking about Sherlock’s questions, but rather pushing through the interrogation to get to the end of it all – to the punch line, if there was one, anyway. The medical man inside him considered whether this odd behavior from Sherlock might be attributed to the head injury, but he suspected not.
The average human being blinks fifteen times in an hour. An individual blink lasts all of one-tenth of a second.
“Sherlock Holmes has a serious - and possibly permanent - condition. It affects his brain, as all of you already know very well. The brain can’t heal if the body is over-worked, or sleep-deprived, or too stimulated. Working him too hard would be counter-productive.” He couldn’t risk an actual glare in Anderson’s direction, but he looked him in the eye, his face set.
“Is the second plane right behind us? What if they’re below us and we jump on top of the others?” John asked.
“DIgging was unproductive - given that I was seven years old and Mycroft made me do most of the digging. So we built a treehouse instead, or part of one,” Sherlock muttered, watching the beam of John’s torch illuminate the smooth dirt walls and ceiling of the tunnel. “Well - does it look safe enough for you?”
On Tuesday they end the day with a rambling cottage with ill-placed rooms but situated on the perfect piece of land. They discuss it over dinner – can the cottage be remodeled? Expanded? Sherlock is worried that the level changes inside – a step or two or three here and there – are exactly what they don’t need but he can’t deny that the hives would flourish on that beautiful piece of heaven.
He’d regret it later, when he took time to consider what a blow like that could do to a man with a traumatic brain injury, but his reflexes were in charge and he’d reacted to the perceived threat appropriately.
Sherlock frowned. He studied John a long moment, then shrugged. “Oh - I don’t know. Something about working too long without a break because I can’t - won’t - follow simple instructions, and cracking my head on the corner of a desk when I inevitably have a seizure while I’m over-working myself.”
He was wearing the grey suit now, and despite his initial misgivings about the apparent formality of his new environment, he’d hardly noticed the lack of his familiar uniform, nor did he miss it. If he were completely honest with himself, he felt less of a farce these days in civilian clothes.
“What did you tell her?” He’d unfolded himself from the chair where he’d slept for the last three hours, and was following her through Billy Wiggin’s room. The bed was empty – still made up.
“They told me – told me,” Lestrade rasped. He stumbled backward, falling to his arse on the ground, dropping his head in his hands. “Dead,” he muttered. “Dead is dead.”
"At sixes and sevens" refers to a state of confusion or disarray, and can be used to a state of disagreement between two people.
“Oh – old habit.” Al shrugged. “He taught – uh – chemistry when he was headmaster. He left a few years ago.”
Annie didn’t wait for a take-your-leave, disappearing as soon as Mrs. Hudson dropped the newspaper on the chair beside her and stood. She eyed John, clearly taking in his rumpled trousers, and he bent to smooth them like a chagrined schoolboy when he caught the direction of her gaze.
It really was a pleasant day. Sherlock floated around, pulling the guide ropes to steer himself in wide circles, and wondering if he could parachute down into crime scenes in the future to evoke an element of surprise – especially effective at night, he thought – then fiddled with the bee buttons he could reach, measuring the distance between each with his fingers to ensure none had been lost in the jump. He checked his special hidden pocket to assure himself that the wand he had purchased from a costume shop, the very realistic looking wand John did not know about, was still tucked away safely.
