"Yes, you did, Trace." He rolled his eyes. "Well, good for you, kid. Getting a head start like this is really valuable. I hope we work on a project together sometime. Bet we could one-up Tracy on her coding."
"Asking Stane NICELY to hand them over, of course." Nat batted her eyes innocently at Thor, then turned to Steve. "You should have come to us for help in the first place." She jabbed a finger in his chest. "We're a team for a reason. Do better next time." She stormed away.
Maggie's eye's widened. She sped herself up and bowed backwards, out of the way of the golden whip that lashed at her. It flew over her by three inches. She flipped gracefully to her feet, safely away from the doctor's grasp. "Gotta say, the cape does not look good with the sweatpants. No offense Cape-y, you look great as always."
"Sir, I've checked over a million times. No camera was functioning within a mile of that location for three hours. The car that took Peter could any one of thousands that passed through." JARVIS said.
"Well, you're getting better at it. Just didn't want to get you into any trouble if you've got a deadline. I've missed one of those before, not pleasant." He laughed.
Peter then realized he'd somehow wolfed it down in the middle of their talk. "Sorry, I was hungrier than I thought. It was awesome. Thanks." He frowned guiltily. He should have offered her something. "Are you hungry?"
Peter opened his eyes. Where in the hell was he? His muscles tensed and, when he didn't feel any resistance, he launched himself to the ceiling.
"The hands 'ouched me...tha's how I knew they weren't real. They didn' feel like you. The hands were wrong."
Maggie nodded. "Of course." She looked up at the walls, then tilted her head. "And keep that window covered for a while." She pointed.
"He'll bug you until you say yes." Peter warned, when she opened her mouth to protest. "Just let it go."
Was it just Peter or was the elevator ride a bit longer than normal? A slight tingle filled the back of his neck, but he shrugged as the elevator slowed. "Thanks, J. Talk to you later?"
"I didn't tell you?" Tony wondered. "They're...confused as to if I'm as mentally unstable as they initially thought. Turns out once I started making money for the company hand-over-fist without touching their precious weapon division, they didn't think I was so crazy after all."
This wasn't a man. It...was a ghost. It didn't seem to be tangible. But it looked like him. Sounded like him. It wasn't flesh and blood though. Had she managed to project a past image? Was that even possible? He glanced at her tensed form where she was. No. There was no green light in the room. Maggie didn't do this. So who or what had?
"Hey, darlin'." Steve drawled back. He threw his shield at Stane and it bounced right back to him after knocking Stane's arm back. "What are we doing?"
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. "A thin layer of fabric that you made. Trust me, darlin', he's safer than he's ever been, being in that thing."
"On second thought, I'm surprised Mr. Wilson would get upset with you missing class given his...lawlessness."
Peter looked at her and smiled. "Yeah, she is." He agreed, then looked back at Dr. Strange. "I'm glad she's got someone like you with her."
"The complexity of going from a goofball to a lonely, angry, wounded god, was just brilliant. How can you not like 10?"
Peter started a conversation with Tony, hoping it would help her feel more at ease. When Steve came back, wearing a cap, Peter glanced at Maggie. She lifted her head to look at him, blushed a little, then held out her hand. Steve took it and shook it.
"Stark Tower." She whispered. "It's someone there. Not Stane. This is...someone else. There were so many strings tied to him, so many danger lights, but I couldn't get to end of them. I couldn't see. It's so damn distracting."
"Look, I'll be careful, but there's like, no time left in school. I want to finish my classes, and dance is really important to me."
Peter sighed. While he got annoyed at how strict Happy could be about some things...it really was because he cared. "Okay."
"I'll talk to her once we get you nice and doped up." The nurse smiled gently. "Not much you can do with fractured ribs except numb the pain and put on a brace. We'll play it by ear, okay?"
"Easy. Sh. Easy." The man lowered her to the floor. She felt dazed, disoriented, as the man pulled earbuds out of his ears. "Sonic taser. Got it from my last boss. He loved using it. I see the charm." He waved an electronic device, then reached into his coat, pulling out a slim case.
Doctor Strange shrugged. "I have no clue. Things echo through time. But I bet there is a connection somewhere."
Instead of listening to his dad's bones get set. He listened to Maggie and Dr. Strange. He knew Maggie trusted him, but Peter wanted to make sure she was safe. He'd seen her, the way she'd been curled up across from him. She wasn't doing well. Perhaps her exhaustion from the fight and her adrenaline dumping at the same time. She didn't have the benefit of a suit of armor like his dad and she didn't have super healing or super strength like him. She was like Nat and Clint, but without all the training to protect her. She'd gotten the roughest beating of all of them and she'd managed like a freaking champ, but she was scared. Afraid.
"It is. And that's why I miss it." It helped distract her from all the danger she could see. It never really went away, but some things helped her mind be a little less focused on it.
Dr. Strange taped down the gauze. "You're good, Margaret." Strange's hands trembled as he let her go. He put on his sling ring and opened a portal.
He hoped she could see him smile through the mask. He ran to the edge of the building and threw himself off. "Hey...dude... What's up?" He asked, landing in front of the man. A metal arm flew at him. Peter caught it. "Whoa. Cool, dude. Titanium? Nice. They telescope too? How do you control these things? Is it all mental? That's awesome!" It was. Peter wondered how this guy had something like that rigged on him. "Or do you have an AI?"
"I'm helping." He insisted before gently grabbing Maggie's hand. "I know you don't want to, but we've got to make sure there's nothing wrong. Vanessa will stay with you." He was lying, of course. Vanessa would have to leave. But Maggie wasn't going to be conscious much longer and he wanted her calm. Wanted her to feel safe before she passed out.
Tony's head popped through the space and his eyes widened. There was only a piece of paper. A note from Peter? A way to find him? He snatched it.
"He's been working really hard. I'm proud of him." Tony kept from making a face as he pulled his shirt on. "Things haven't been easy for him, but... He's been taking school really seriously. Straight A's. He's been doing ballet, which, my God, Helen, he's so talented. And he's been going to therapy. I mean, he's going through so much, but he seems to be handling it really well."
"She's been in there a while." Vanessa said, crying against his shoulder. "St-Strange and another doctor are taking care of her."
"Oh my God. Who could do this to a child?" Christine took a breath and schooled her face. "Okay. Let's...fix this."
Thankfully...no one and nothing was there. For the first time in however many days, his spidersense was quiet.
"I was in the lab and all the sudden Dad was there and my senses, I mean, they've been going off like crazy lately, but they were going off dully. Then I realized that the guy down there wasn't Dad, his heartbeat sounds normal."
"He's a sweetie. Give him to me. I'll carry him, then you need to hop on my back, like a piggyback ride, okay? I'll carry you both, you gotta be brave though, okay?"
Cho patted his arm. "You're welcome. And good job out there. I know you haven't seen the news, but there were no casualties yesterday, because of you and her. Everyone got out, worst of it was a guy with fifteen broken bones, but he's expected to pull through just fine. You did good."
"That's normal, yeah?" Wade looked at Strange, calm, but there was a hint of worry in his eyes. Anger too.
Right again. Spidermanning must put that energy around him, plus whatever Stane had planned. Peter was pretty glad that it wasn't mortal danger, but why hadn't she said that about his dad too? Was Tony in some sort of mortal danger? Or did she just sense that Obie would kill Tony if he had the chance? He wished he could question her further on her powers.
"Are we sure he was a doctor?" Strange asked biting his lips. "I mean he just...DROPPED his patient. Like...wow."
"I'm her father." Strange corrected, not at all liking this man's tone. "And yesterday I learned that you aren't letting my daughter carry her medicine."
"You're no fun." Peter huffed. They walked in silence for a few minutes. And Peter started to recognize the area. "Best of luck with your studying and all."
Quentin laughed. "Has to be one hell of a battery to impress Stark. Trust me, I've tried. The man's not easily impressed." He sighed. "So, how'd I do?"
Peter gently pushed Ned back, out of the way as the bad guy huffed and lunged toward him. Peter didn't use his strength. He didn't have to. Nat's training was really handy for this. Within seconds he had the man disarmed and carefully knocked unconscious. "Cool. Thanks, Nat." Peter knelt down and released a small amount of web fluid to tie the man's hands. "Gotcha." He stood and looked at Ned. "You okay?"
"Come here, underoos." It took a moment, but Peter settled into the hospital bed on his right side, where he hadn't been injured. Tony tucked him under his arm and pulled him closer. "I'm alright, promise."
Maggie felt her consciousness return abruptly. She'd been having such pleasant dreams too. She didn't open her eyes. It was probably a flare of danger somewhere that her mind decided she needed to wake up for. She snuffled and shifted, already starting to drift off.
"Yo, I'm talking to you. Trying to skip? Going to that fake ass internship or yours or going to see your pretend family?"
"It's like the TARDIS in here. How do you not get lost? It's a labyrinth and...bigger on the inside."
"My brain's still activated. Maybe it's something in the incense." Her powers and brain always felt a bit active after time meditating. "I...heard my dad's voice."
Maggie shifted slightly as Vanessa sat her bed most of the way up. Then Peter caught her eyes. She blinked twice. "P-Peter?"
The lights in the coffee shop were dark. The place was empty, the walls torn open, getting renovated. Wade didn't even hesitate to break in. Sitting on the counter, in plain view, where Maggie would never forget it, was her phone. He could tell by the case. He'd teased her for wanting it, but got her the TARDIS case. He took a deep breath and turned the phone over. It rang in his hand. He grit his teeth and answered it. "Where is she?"
Christine too leaned back with a shaky breath. "She's stable... I don't understand. The head wound and the amount of trauma...it doesn't make sense. They weren't...right. She should have had more trauma given the wound."
"Oh..." His voice was softer and his eyes registered understanding. "Okay. Where are you hurt, can you tell me?"
"Oh, then you should go home, hun. It's alright. You won't get in trouble for taking a sick day, Peter." Tracy promised.
Peter struggled, but nothing budged. He cried, tears running down his face. There was no way out. Even if he got his arms and legs free, his chest was pinned down. A grim thought occurred to him. The bad guy could literally cut off whatever he liked without Peter having a chance to escape. The thought made Peter sob. He was already missing three fingers.
Even with the 'sleepy-tea' extended toward her, she didn't sense any danger. She was safe, even if every part of her didn't want to sleep near someone... especially a man. Too vulnerable. But this was Dr. Strange. She felt just as safe with him as she did Vanessa and Wade...maybe even more so, because Wade and Vanessa were far more likely to prank her or wake her up. "Um, sure." Maggie took the offered mug and took a sip. It tasted...kind of funny.
Then, Peter stumbled artfully, but Maggie caught him. And slowly, she leaned backwards. It was a damn feat. The small girl not only caught Peter, but as she bent backwards, she actually lifted him off the ground. She had to be damn strong to lift him up and over, then, Peter tumbled. Their hands were still in each other's as they lay on their backs. They turned their heads, shared a smile and lifted off the ground at the same time. Their bodies symmetrical as they arched off the ground, almost forming a bridge with their bodies before they both spun, never letting go off each other, but Peter's sweatshirt came off at the seams, revealing a hotrod red and navy blue shirt that matched hers perfectly.
"Alright. No big things." Peter nodded. Except the fact he'd apparently been shot in an alternate timeline. "Found out a friend is a superhero. So...weird."
"No shame in finding someone attractive. That Tony Stark is my favorite, definitely on me and Wade's cheat list...oh my God, he is YUMMY and you can bet your ass he knows how to treat people."
"Mm-hm." Maggie agreed. "Uh, could I maybe have a chair...not sure I could get on the cushion." Sitting cross-legged did not sound like fun. Her leg ached thinking of it.
"I'm just saying. She's a cutie and you're a cutie and you know. Dating wouldn't exactly be a bad thing for you, kid."
"Yeah, no problem. Seen lots of suits at dances and stuff. One undone button just looks like someone trying to avoid anxiety...or someone who got jumped and had their tie stolen or something." Maggie shrugged and sighed, sitting at her desk. This was good, calming. "You talking about the project...thing?"
"It's like...being told you were going to spend the night at a fun aunt and uncle's house. Then it's not just a night. I love them, but they aren't my parents. They don't act like it. They love me, I know. But...I don't know. When my dad was alive he and my mom there were rules and structures and rituals and...just so much stuff that came with that love. Those other things aren't so much there with Wade and Vanessa, like they'd be afraid to step in and try to raise someone else's kid. I haven't had that in a long time. When Dad was killed Mom...stopped being a mom. Then with my step-father..." She cringed. "I don't know. Wade and Vanessa, they'd do anything for me. They send me to a good school, to dance, to therapy. That structure helps me...but I miss..."
"I know it hurts, a couple more and it won't hurt anymore." He'd never found himself soothing patients like this before. Normally, when he got people on his operating table, they were unconscious. He didn't NEED to have a bedside manner, because they were already out. "You're doing good. This one will be the worst of them, hold out a little longer." And it was a bad cut. Deep, painful...bleeding much more than he'd like. It would be okay, sure, but...he didn't like it one bit.
"S'ven. Pin'y. Two more, 'aken." She jerked again, but Strange kept her in place. "'s on fire." Maggie's breath slowed. Her body stilled and relaxed deeper with sleep.
"I KNOW what a nightmare feels like. THAT wasn't a nightmare. He was HERE in the room with me. I could hear him walk. I woke up because I sensed I was in danger...and he was standing at the end of the bed. He was SMILING at me. He spoke to me. That was his voice." Maggie looked up. Tears raced down her red face. Horror was etched in every inch of her.
"Hello, Peter." Karen said cheerfully. "Peter...your breathing is labored. Are you under duress? Peter?"
Good golly it's been a long time for this one. I'm sorry. I wish I could explain, but I really can't.
"Well, fuck me sideways. That looks real as fuck. No wonder the kid is confused about what's real." Deadpool said, his hands on his cheeks in shock.
"Low income housing and the like." Peter answered. "It'll be easier for people who need it to afford what they really need if they can save the money from their usual utility bills."
"Staying at the Sanctum this weekend. I've got finals next week. Strange is better at helping me study than Wade or Vanessa. Kinda a long cram session."
Vanessa dialed the number. "Strange, look, it's not looking good. We just...they sent a video, we didn't get to hear her but they're hurting Peter. They're likely hurting her too. I know you care about her...we could really use you here right now. Please call me back or just woosh over. Please."
"I thought mine was weird...though...you know we might both have the same amount of weird in our lives." She made an uncomfortable noise and her arm tensed.
"I don't...slow objects down. I mean...it looks like that and it's easier to say that because...that's what it looks like. But... The bottle wasn't falling slower. It still maintains its velocity. I just change time relative to it. Stretch the seconds. It's still being acted upon by all the same forces, just over a longer period of time relative to our time. So even if I 'slowed it down' all the way to the floor, it's still going to shatter the same way. It's physics. I don't change the force. Just the amount of time it takes. It's still going to hit the floor in half a second, that half a second is just...longer relative to ours... Same force...longer time frame...relatively. Time's confusing. It's a mess...trust me...I know. Sorry...Mr. Stark."
Strange looked at Maggie. "I'm not leaving you without a doctor. But I'll help." He squeezed her hand.
Though, lately, he'd only had a room with Tony. Steve had left their little hidden dimension and gone back to hunt down Beck and any of the others that remained. He wanted to make home safe so everyone could go be themselves again. Peter missed Steve. He wanted to just stay with the two of them, cuddled up.
Peter shook her. "Nat, don't hurt my dad." He knew it was a risk, outing his dad's identity. But Nat was the only one who knew Peter was Spiderman. She was the only one who'd know the significance.
Dr. Strange looked from Maggie to Wade, then nodded. "Of course. Any questions or concerns, call me." He turned, created a different portal and vanished.
Maggie looked down at her hands, turning them over and examining them. "I don't know why I'm here. I was...thinking about Peter. I wanted to see how his presentation would go. I thought that the possibilities would be small there. Limited. I thought it would be safe. But I'm not seeing the presentation. I thought I saw it...for a moment. I think I caught a glimpse of...Peter with an electronic of some sort. Then it was gone."
Peter frowned and looked at his parents. They both looked tired, concerned. Waiting for a bad thing, the inevitability of it and knowing nothing could be done, was far worse than the bad thing happening. Once the craziness happened, you could actually do something about it...waiting was the worst. He leaned against his dad's side and looked out at the sunrise. Between the three of them and the rest of their super-powered family, he was sure they'd find a way.
The fluff be gone. Until further notice, there are warnings for abduction and mental/emotional/physical abuse. There's going to be threats of sexual assault and death. Lots of nasty stuff, because Beck is an absolute asshole. Also, more Hannibal, because why not?
Peter tilted his head to the side. "You sure you're doing alright? How'd a Jimmy Neutron reference go over your head?"
Steve followed him into the hotel. There were people all around. And they were shouting. Then there was something bursting up through the building. A large fire-y creature. "Wasn't this thing in Hong Kong?"
"Reset and I came running. There were explosions. We can help!" Peter needed to help. This was HIS fault.
Maggie coughed. Maybe she did need a full mask like Mr. Stark had offered. The smoke was thick, choking her, maybe a full mask could filter some of it out, she wouldn't put it past Stark to be able to make something like that. She didn't need to ask if anyone was there. She knew two people were still in the building, she could see the danger lights around them, even through the flame. She just had to get up to them.
Once secure, Peter jumped from the roof and swung toward home. It didn't take long. Once they landed on the landing pad, Maggie immediately backed away and glanced around.
Maggie turned and saw Iron Man collide with the ground, hard. The silver suit above him was still flying, ready to attack.
Wade looked like he wanted to crack a joke, but he didn't. He leaned against the counter and looked at Vanessa. "Ness...I've never seen her that comfortable around someone else before. She's always so careful, so guarded."
Maggie bit her lip and looked down. "I'm trying." She liked that he pushed her. It made life challenging, but he never seemed to push her too hard. She could tell he wanted to help her, partially so she could be safer, stronger, but also because he seemed intrigued at her connection to the time stone.
"Good. Now. I know you wanted to do a change mid-way in. You said we'd do matching colors. So, I took the liberty of going shopping. I'm pretty sure I got your size." She grabbed a backpack and pulled two sets of clothes free.
"That's up for debate, but thanks for the positive judge of my character. No. I am helping because I know EXACTLY what this dance means. I know...at least part of your story, Peter. And I know it well because I have my own version."
This one kicked off a little faster than anticipated. Sorry all. Lots of stuff that's going to happen here.
Dr. Strange walked down the steps and shook his head. "That girl should be in school. And you, what the hell? This place shouldn't just be open to the public."
Strange opened the portal at the correct time. He didn't bother going through it. He didn't want to push Maggie. She could arrive when she was ready. It didn't take long. The girl strode (limped) out from the portal moments later. A small bag was on her shoulder. It was...less than he expected. It was her school bag, but it wasn't full. She was wearing loose yoga pants and a black zip-up hoodie that was more than likely Wade's. Short gray gloves on her hands. Her hair was curly and left down in soft waves. He wasn't sure he'd seen her hair down before. How did she manage to curl it with the state of her shoulder and side? He worried at the state of her stitches. She'd tell him if she tore one, right?
"Um, in private." Vanessa tripped as she suddenly found herself in a different room. "Good lord, give a girl some warning before you woosh her away. I'm wearing heels for fuck's sake."
Tony looked like he wanted to say something. Was he a bit paler? He shook his head. "Do you like it? Do we need to change anything?"
"Damn." Maggie whistled, settling next to Peter. "I mean...I know some kids get cars when they turn sixteen but..."
"You stay safe out there, bud. Remember the training we did. If anything gets too dodgy, you call for back up or you run, okay, Queens?"
Vanessa paused and followed Maggie's gaze. There was nothing she could say about that. It would be insensitive to offer to get her a new watch. I'm sorry wasn't enough. What could she say? "I'm sorry, sweetie." Vanessa said gently as Strange rinsed her hair.
Maggie nodded and was grateful he took Polonius. That dude could talk. It was easier to follow the words with her eyes as they were spoken aloud. Then Hamlet got more talkative and damn, who talked this much? "What's... 'swounds?"
"Love you too." Peter whispered, and relaxed in Tony's arms as he felt a gentle kiss to his neck. "I'm not falling for it ever again. I know you."
She didn't know if it took seconds or hours, but she sat up again, propping herself against the corner.
"Oh... Sorry. Thought it'd ease your mind." Maggie chuckled. "Though, upon further reflection, infinite universes mean infinite stuff so... Maybe Mads is the good twin to the evil guy you fought."
"And keep an eye out for yourself. You ain't in mortal danger or anything...but there's something going on around you. Something I can't really put a finger on...I don't like it, usually I can see these things. But this is...almost like someone's covering my eyes. I don't know where the threat's coming from, but there's something going on around you."
"People are assholes sometimes. They'll get over it eventually. Just keep being you. No one's been sneaking pictures of you, right?"
"She's...about to be entertained for a bit. But you get to decide how well or poorly she's treated. Be good and maybe there won't be as much...suffering needed."
Shaking her head, she headed down to meet Strange. He held out a cup of juice without looking at her. The contents sloshed, but he didn't fill the glass all the way up, so it didn't spill. "Thank you."
Maggie went to do her homework. She tucked herself away in the guest room. She didn't want to be in his way if he had things to do, or especially if he didn't have something to do. Who would she be to interrupt someone's time off? She totally could have been home alone for the weekend. He didn't really need to babysit her, so she wasn't going to get in his way.
"No! No! NO! I've got it. I'm going to win this war!" Peter knew this would make her laugh and maybe give up.
"Hope you like hot chocolate." His nose wrinkled a little at the smell of peppermint. Maggie liked mint though. He figured he was fine as long as he didn't have any of it.
Steve felt his fists clench. He was furious. He was done. No one was going to hurt his family. He wouldn't let it stand. He looked at Strange's limp body and stood up.
Peter barely missed getting hit by it and got his hands on her (finally). She fought back, as usual, but Peter got his arms around her neck. She huffed a sigh and tapped his arm twice. If it were a real fight. Peter would have had her. Peter didn't sit in his victory though. He launched himself up to the ceiling, just in time to avoid a hit from the shield.
Strange sighed. "I don't know. I was in surgery with you and I haven't left since. I don't know if they've got him yet. But you sent his parents to him. You did good."
Strange nodded and took that one on the chin. He knew he looked like shit. He felt like shit. Had that whole attack in Hong Kong had been to distract him? With what Maggie said about drones...if the beast had been a hologram...it made sense why nothing worked against the damn thing. It didn't exist. The people who'd taken those kids had done their homework...all for what? To hurt two innocent children? He hated whoever had done this to his kid-to Margaret.
"Okay. I've got tracking on you at all times, so no worries. I'm not heading out of the city until you're clear anyway." Tony said.
"There's going to be a car accident outside. Probably road rage is the cause." Maggie huffed. She could tell, because traffic was paused outside. Morning traffic jam. The colors were slowly getting darker, indicating a greater danger by the minute the longer the people outside were stuck in stillness. She'd seen problems like that before. Sometimes, she could read the danger lights like psychics read palms.
Aaron smiled softly. "Of course I can. We can sneak you out to the car if that'll make you feel better."
Peter curled up next to Tony. His medical equipment had been sent away within a day. Strange had offered the bedrooms to them, but they only took one. Peter wanted to stay close to Tony and Steve, the real Tony and Steve. He knew this place was safe. He didn't want to be around Maggie so much. She just looked so beaten up. And when the doctor had taken the bandages off her head to change them... It was awful. Seeing the way her hair was taken, in parts because it had been torn out, and removed entirely where her head had been put back together.
That was comforting. That was part was the best. There was no amount of crazy or weird she could be that they wouldn't accept. She looked back at the watch and smiled gently. It kept ticking. As long as it kept ticking, she got to keep part of her Dad with her and part of her mother...the part before everything had gone bad.
"Thank Lizzy for that, I told her what I wanted to portray and she really did great designing it." Peter blushed.
The web was sliced. The shield hit the wall in front of Peter and bounced back, right into his chest, tossing him to the floor before he could even try to figure out which side the danger was from. He landed on his back and Steve was on him in nearly an instant.
Peter huffed, but landed on the side of a building. He saw his Dad struggling. There was no one to help him. Thor and Stane were fighting him. It was stupid, as if Thor assumed the enemy of his enemy was a good guy. Peter needed to stop this.
"I'm a little pissed about that...but I watched the footage and you did what you could." Tony promised. "Good job, bambino." He ruffled his hair. "The news hates all of us at the moment. The A-Team is getting their ass flogged publicly for helping Iron Man. The Daily Bugle is calling you a menace for siding with me. Lots of bad news. But, you and Miss Reset got the best of it. They don't like who you sided with, but there's a lot of praise from the people you saved."
"Hate it." Maggie huffed. Her dad hadn't turned away from helping others. Even when he was off the clock, he'd helped people. "And I miss dancing."
Peter frowned. Nothing weird had happened today. In fact, it was a good day. Aside from the press, Peter didn't even feel like he was being watched. It was the first time in a long time he hadn't felt watched. He didn't know if he could tell her anything. There was nothing weird about any of his day. Not at all. Not even his spidersense went off, well, aside from the usual 'loud noise here' and 'there's a fly in the vent' warnings that always happened. He shrugged and rolled over. He'd talk to her about it later. He wondered what was bothering her and prayed it wasn't anything too bad.
"Uh, I'll handle it. Dr. Cho gets paid...quite a bit do be the Avenger's doctor, along with this guy and myself." Tony poked Peter's shoulder. "We'll just group you in on the hero plan."
After dinner, Maggie sat in her room and thought about the time on the rooftop. That weird feeling she'd felt. She didn't know what that meant. The way her stomach felt warm and tingly... Nothing had changed though. She danced with lots of people. Lots of people had touched her ribs and back, you supported people. Hell, she'd danced with Peter before. They'd fought together. They'd caught each other from falls before. Why now? Out of the blue. And what did it mean?
"You fly in a tin can through the sky." Steve giggled. "What's the problem? This is nothing compared to how high you fly."
Maggie took a shaky breath, still unsure of why she felt so warm or tingly. But she managed three pivots with no shaking. She actually made the forth one work. She stumbled on the fifth.
Vanessa bent forward and kissed Maggie's cheek before she leaned back in her chair and opened her phone.
"Show me that again." Tony said, rubbing his eyes. Not only was his son gone, but so was another teenager. His heart hurt. He looked at the screen. She was walking down the street. She kept glancing around, looking a little confused. Then she'd keep walking. "What is she looking at?"
"Can I learn super healing? Peter was back on his feet and doing crazy shit the next day. He's at dance and everything!"
Peter saw the ceiling crack, heard the foundation shift, could feel the temperature rise. Was this...real?
"Can I have i' back?" Maggie asked, shutting him up. If there was something she could wear to make sure she wouldn't be lost, she wanted it. Why'd they ever taken it off? She knew she was the one with the head injury, but that seemed stupid.
"By facial recognition one is a Vanessa Williams, the other is hard to identify. He is covered in scar tissue."
Tony raised his voice. "I'm sorry, did you just call ME stupid?" Their quiet, private conversation was no longer quiet or private. People from neighboring stations were looking at them.
"I sort of know her." Peter didn't know much about her at all. Except that apparently she'd been adopted by Deadpool and she spent her free time working in a food pantry giving food to the homeless. And Peter was pretty sure she had some sort of superpower, but he wasn't certain as to what it was. "But seriously, it's no big deal. We can do it in the summer performance. You and I worked really hard on this."
Peter heard Nat launching herself from wall to wall, working through the course toward him. Steve jumped straight up to the ledge right below where Peter was hiding. He shot web at the ceiling and swung at Steve. He didn't have to worry (too much) about holding back his strength with his Papa. Steve must have seen it coming, because he dodged, getting almost out of the way. Peter still managed to clip Steve's side and knock him to the ground. Peter attached another web to the ceiling and with his newly free hand he webbed Steve's hands to the ground. That would hold him for a few moments.
"And cut." Quentin said as soon as one of his techs reported that Peter'd left the building in distress. "Not bad for a first run. Matt, you killed it on the Stark impression. Great job being an asshole. And Mindy, very believable Tracy. Nailed it."
He picked up his phone and looked at it. No new messages, but he hadn't responded to Maggie's text from the day before. He considered calling her while things were a little calm. She'd texted him a few times, asking if he was okay, wishing him luck, trying to bounce ideas off to see what the beast was. He tried to respond to each one, but...really, it wasn't easy. For his own reason, texting wasn't easy. She didn't seem to worry about the speed of his responses though. She did seem to understand. But he hated when he couldn't tell her he was alright. He knew she'd lost someone before, he didn't like leaving her in silence any longer than necessary. He clicked on her contact and was about to press the button to call her.
Steve snorted and shook his head. "I'd probably hurt your ribs. You boys get some rest, I'm here to look after you."
Peter got off the elevator and was instantly approached by two very worried looking parents. He held up his hand. "No. Stay back."
"Oh, just because your step-daddy is dead, doesn't mean there aren't plenty of people who wouldn't jump at the opportunity to hurt you. Be good or we'll send someone in who's eager to meet you...and unlike step-daddy, he'll be REAL, Magnolia."
A faint voice. Strange's. And his footsteps. "You need to find the balance between things. You can't let your powers consume you. You need to control them. It isn't a trade-off, it's balance. You need to focus and find that point. To do that you need to understand your powers and their effects. You need balance."
And...he wanted to help with that night...the ghost, the nightmare come to life. He wanted to get rid of it, help reassure her that she was safe. Still, he had no clue what it could be. It didn't appear to be anything mystical that he could think of.
"Are you an idiot or something?" Maggie asked before she could stop herself. "It's physics." She realized she fucked up when the billionaire and GENIUS turned away from his work and stood, raising an eyebrow at her. She stammered. "It's... Uh. My powers don't work like that."
There's going to be a few chapters of a bit more 'fluff' than usual. It's going to be a bit more character focused for a hot minute, but we'll get back around to it, promise.
At this point I have an idea for a series of one-shots with Dr. Strange and Maggie. Probably not the most exciting for people, but I'm excited to write it so...it's gonna be a thing. May do a brief Thanos arc after that too. We'll see. Got a few other snapshot ideas too. Probably not anything this huge again for this series length-wise.
When he woke up, it was to Clint leaving the medbay without a single limp in his stride, like a badass. Peter turned and smiled. His Papa was pressed against his Dad's uninjured side. They were all close together, safe. Across the room, Maggie was asleep, her cheeks had a light pink hue to them, no longer pale and sickly. Wade and Vanessa were asleep, upright, in the chairs on her left, holding onto each other and her hand together.
She didn't want to though. The last time she'd looked up a summery she'd ended up with a D on a test because apparently people on the internet liked to be assholes and tell the wrong things. Maggie did NOT want to get stuck in summer school for English...again. She had to at least get a C+, that was her goal. A C+. Most of her classmates would be appalled at that goal, but really, that's all she wanted. Every time she tried to focus, though, everything got jumbled up and messy and it took her four or five read-throughs to comprehend what she'd actually read.
Maggie slowly opened her eyes. He didn't look mad at all, not even disappointed with her. How? Innocent until the crime happened, right? "It...it was a brick room. I think in an old building. An interior room, there were no windows. The door...was new though. It had a fancy lock on it, kinda like the ones at Stark Tower that need a badge."
"Yeet!" Peter threw himself back into the obstacle course, searching for Nat. She was quiet as a mouse. That would work with most people. Unfortunately for Nat, Peter could hear her heartbeat, it didn't matter how quiet she was. Peter could find her. He just needed to do it before Steve got up. He got to her quickly and swept her feet out from under her.
Beck turned the device over in his hands as he walked down the hall. Peter'd been distracted earlier, obviously excited about something. Perhaps a date? Beck didn't know what the kid got up to. All he knew is that he had the perfect opportunity. It wasn't the full project. It was only half put together. It was Peter's upgrade. The notes he kept on the computer weren't exactly up-to-date. But Beck had this. He could pull it apart, maybe see where Peter's brain was going with his little project. If he could see the start of it, Beck might be able to work on his own version of it. But, he only had the night to work on it. He'd have to put it back on Peter's desk before the boy came back for his internship the next day.
"She needs rest, peace and quiet." Strange sighed. He'd have to wake her up in a few hours, to assess her mental state...or Christine. Someone would have to.
"No. He told me he was going to though. I suggested Friday and he said he'd do that and My Girl, Tarzan Music, and Guns N Roses. Though, I got to say, all but Friday are masterpieces, so you shouldn't be suffering too bad."
There were twenty hostages on the ground, hands over their heads. Five men in masks were pointing their guns at a lone girl who was still standing. The girl was wearing a navy blue pea coat. Her gloved hands were holding a silver staff. Her eyes were covered by a mask. Her head lifted just a little bit and she made eye-contact with Peter and shook her head slightly, but then looked down at the masked men.
Peter pointed to the closed off bed across from him. "Getting stitches. She sounds like she's okay." He wished he would have stayed with her a little more. Maybe she wouldn't be so beat up then.
"Okay." Maggie grabbed Hamlet and slowly followed Strange. She sat on the sofa. "You sure I can't help with food?"
The next act came on. And Tony, really wished he could pay attention, but Peter would be next. Tony tapped on his phone really quickly, to make sure the camera he'd set up above him would record the whole thing.
"Oh, you just think he's cute." Strange rolled his eyes, but then mentally kicked himself. Was that something Margaret was comfortable with talking about?
Maggie swallowed hard. "It...it felt easy. I don't like how easy it was. It was like I wasn't even in control, I just did it."
Maggie tilted her head to the side. "You look fine. Though, if you aren't going to wear a tie, unbutton one more button."
"I agree. Stane is ruthless. I don't think he'll pull punches just because you're a kid. If he thinks he can get something from you or hurt you to get to Tony. I almost don't want you at school for now but..."
"You need to be monitored for a bit. Make sure you react alright, but after we know how you're doing, I'll get you the pain meds, no more needles in you, and then you can rest, cool?"
She was trying. He smiled. Maybe this could work...maybe. He cared about her. He wanted it to work, wanted to help her, however it would work.
"I can't eat and fly. I'd hurl. Besides, Dad's making dinner, and that is not something I wanna spoil."
As they headed back up to their home...Peter wondered if Maggie was doing okay. He considered calling her for a moment...then shook his head.
"Less than five minutes at this current trajectory. Mr. Stark is expecting you at the lab. Shall I tell him you'll be delayed?" Karen asked.
Steve kissed Tony's temple. "I've been right where you are. It didn't bother you to look out for me and it doesn't bother me to look after you. Take the meds."
Maggie's eyebrows pulled together. "Is this a trick question?" Was he trying to see if she'd break his rules? Was this a trap? "I'm not supposed to do anything for another like...two weeks or something."
"I don't care. My daughter was denied access to her medicine. She was sobbing in her class and when she tried to get ahold of me, your teacher took her phone."
"We're all going to die, but at least I'll be engaged when I die, that way I'm not totally alone in the world." Tony shrugged.
Maggie, Reset, sat down on the AC unit. She looked down. "I have this ability. I have a danger sense, which wouldn't be useful on its own. But," she held up her hand, showing her watch. "I can...control time. Not much, I mean, not like Dr. Str-anyway. I can slow it down, speed it up. Even reset things. Most people don't notice. Their minds aren't quick enough, perceptive enough, smart enough, whatever it is... You noticed though. You had deja vu, I'm guessing?"
"Good one, bambino. Next time, kick his ass. He deserves it for not wearing his suit for me." Tony grinned and winked at Steve, slapping him on the ass as he walked by.
Steve wrung his hands, his head down. The phone in his pocket felt heavy. He should call Peter. But he couldn't just yet. "JARVIS, when Peter's out of dance tell him to come straight home."
Quentin looked past Peter to the door. "Act busy, the boss is here." He joked with a smile before turning and opening his holographs again.
"I know." Peter agreed. He did not want to deal with that pressure yet. Maybe when life was a bit more normal. But he did not want the world to know he was a Stark-Rogers. That would be too much at the moment. His life had changed so much in such a short time. It was already enough to deal with...before adding being the son of two of the most powerful men in the world.
Quickly, decisively. He changed Dr. Strange to Dr. Dad. Wade to a skull and crossbones and someone named Thomas to 'The Tank Engine.' "Perfect. All set."
Maggie learned from that not to hesitate to protect herself. Her dad hesitated, she couldn't. Would he be ashamed of her, think her cold and unfeeling? She never aimed to kill. She'd stabbed people before. She knew where people were vulnerable, where to attack them to make sure they could never hurt her. She didn't though. She just slowed them down. Except...in the future she might kill someone...on purpose. What would her father think of her? He'd served his community and given his life for it. What was she?
Tony looked down at his calculations and sighed. He couldn't tell Peter this. Not until this was all just a memory, but the kid, his son, had likely saved his life. Without the upgrades and the reinforced chest plate they'd worked on together after Christmas...Tony was pretty sure there would have been more than hairline fractures. In fact, he was pretty sure broken ribs would have been the least of his worries.
Peter took a couple moments to breathe, then looked around. Doctor Strange was picking up medical equipment, grabbing new ones. Vanessa was there too. Why were they there? Peter's eyes turned to the left and he saw Maggie in an inclined hospital bed next to him. Her head bandaged, her thumbs were wrapped up, her fingers weren't, but there were scraps on them and her nails looked broken. Angry bruises lined her neck.
Martin's mouth turned into a twisted smile. Even Beck thought the man was sick, but, hey, at least the girl would be out of the way. Less people to talk.
Peter ran for the edge of the building. And threw himself forward. He swung about to come in sight of the Tower when Maggie damn near collided with him.
Maggie frowned, pulled her hand from the wound and looked at the coating of blood on it. "Normally, I'd just go home, but...I guess it's more than a scratch."
"There you are. I've been looking for you." Strange stepped into the room and looked from her, to her empty plate, and the dishes she'd stacked neatly in the sink. "You could have used my kitchen, that's what it's there for."
"Maggie!" He heard Tony's suit approaching and he could see the edges of it. Most people wouldn't be able to, but he could tell, see the slight shift as the cloaking worked to make everything seamless but slightly lagged behind real time. He held his hand out and touched the suit gently. "We need to check on Maggie. Clint went after her. We need to get her."
"I won't. And you're going to be fine, okay? You don't have to fight anymore, I'll take over from here. I'll do all the fighting, got it? You just rest."
"Do they count as knives if they're attached to a person or are they just appendages at that time?" Maggie mused.
Tony's eyebrows pulled together. "You talking blood banks or cosmetics, because one is handled and one I have no clue where to even start-"
Strange was walking her through rehab. Helping her get more balanced on her feet. Christine showed up and helped work through her speech, which seemed to be helping, though she occasionally stuttered.
"Scared, why? They're medical professionals, let them do their jobs, Margaret. That's what they're here for."
"I really hope not." Steve whispered, still gently rubbing Peter's ankles. A little pressure to help ground him. "He's so small...I hate... I hate all of this. I wish I could take his pain away."
Why did he feel like he was being watched? Peter shook himself. He always felt that way these days. He wondered if that was how his dad felt all the time, being famous. Everyone wanted to talk to him all the time. Everyone was watching him. Peter didn't like it. He wondered how his dad stood it for so long.
The heartbeat the person/thing next to him had didn't have a metallic echo, nor was there a hum from the reactor. It wasn't his dad's heartbeat. That meant... Shit. Peter felt panic rise in his chest. He took a slow breath and then he turned and frowned at Tony. "Crap, I forgot I needed to call my parents about my ride tonight. Is it okay if I do that real quick before I forget? I always get hyper focused on this stuff."
"We're just borrowing her for a bit." A distorted voice answered. "If she's good she'll come back in one piece. If not...well, that's on her for not being a good, cooperative girl."
"Lots of damage down there. Let's take care of it. You get the streets, I'll try to help people in that building over there."
Peter shrugged. "Years of dance. You learn to both lead and follow. I know both now like second nature."
"Of course. Didn't want to leave my-" Strange stopped himself. "Margaret, but she made a valid point."
Red seeped onto her gloves. Red like blood. She raised her hands slowly. It was blood. "What?" She glanced up and saw a man on the ground. Dead. Blood pouring from his nose and temple.
"You don't look fine." He said slowly walking into the room. "What's going on, sweetie? Did something happen today?" He pulled out her desk chair and sat down. "Did you get hurt? Did someone hurt you on patrol?"
Peter felt his heart leap, then his gut drop. The idea of coming out here and having some peace was great...but then what about Queens. He should be there to protect them.
"Traumatized teen in the room." Peter called before dropping from the ceiling and pulling off his mask.
Strange wiped his face as Vanessa and Wade stepped in. The cloak of levitation snuck in above them and quickly flew into the room, gently settling on Maggie's legs. Strange smiled gently at that. The cloak was usually a bit finicky with who it settled around. It'd never once hesitated to comfort Maggie when she'd needed it.
"Sir, I ran the calculations. His suit can hold its own against yours for an extended period of time, sir. This fight may be a long one if you don't get the upper hand."
But she didn't stop screaming. Even when he shouted, begged them to stop, promised he wouldn't fight.
"Everyone needs a good cuddle." Vanessa insisted. "You alright?" She asked, a little quieter, serious. "You okay to go?"
"Mr. Stane here was just asking about power output. You've been working on a clean high-output power, Peter, you could totally help. The kid's a genius, sir. We call him Mini-Stark behind his back." Tracy giggled. "His prototype for the contest could power this whole lab for a day and he used dumpster dive tech to do it. And his work just keeps getting better. Mr. Stark thinks Peter here's going to make the next big break in clean energy. Peter's awesome, but we don't usually get to see him. Mr. Stark hogs him for the big-league stuff upstairs."
"I'll get some on my way, okay?" Maggie didn't want to sit around. She was stressed. And she handled stress the best when she was moving around. Being active. If she sat still, the anxiety would overwhelm her.
Strange lowered one of his hands, noticing the blood and cuts on hers. Her fingernails were shredded from scratching against something rough. Where was her watch? Where were her gloves? What had they done to her?
"I'm going to let you go. Hold it just like that, okay?" He let go and took a step back. "See? Less wobbly. It's in your head." He cupped his chin, pondering. "It's like you are compensating for an injury, that is the normal pose, but you're adjusting it as if maybe you hurt your ankle, but that's putting stress on you, because it's not what your body's used to."
"Tell your boyfriend this is between you and me, Penis." Flash glared at Ned. "Still pretending like you got that internship?"
Strange only left to get himself cleaned and fed because Christine took Maggie to get tests run and insisted she'd let him review the results only if he ate something and showered. Christine may have also threatened him and called him smelly. Which...wasn't untrue. He'd gone from fighting to freaking out over Maggie's disappearance, then to four hours of surgery, then back to fretting over Maggie. He didn't want to leave, but Wade, Vanessa, and Christine were watching Maggie. He'd told Christine not to let ANYONE else near Maggie, even if she trusted them. Wade was armed. Which...Strange never wanted in a hospital unless it was security...but well, Wade was security, for Maggie, so he let it slide.
"Uh, hi." She held out her free, gloved hand. He held out his own hand and shook hers. She could tell, even under the sleeve that he was missing at least part of his other arm. "You talk about me?" She looked up at Strange.
"That's right." Steve gave him a thumbs-up. Then he walked forward and held out an arm. "Come here."
There was danger all around her. Everything was awful and bad. But she waited. Waited until he bowed forward, until he was off balance.
"Yeah." She nodded. Then she looked at her bag, following his gaze. "I pack light. I'm not fancy. Only carry what you need, you know?"
Peter let go of the arm and ducked under the other one. "Arachnid!" He protested, shot two webs at the enemy's ankles and slid forward to knock the man off his feet. If it worked on Captain America, it should work on this guy.
Maggie wanted to laugh, but she knew it would hurt. She felt sick to her stomach and kept her mouth closed, just in case.
"Poor thing. Didn't get to really see her or work on her, specialist did that." Christine put her paperwork down. "Poor small thing must've had her head bashed in. Nurse said she looked near dead."
Peter snorted. "Thanks, bro. Same." Peter nodded and looked around his room. It was a far cry from being homeless. His project though, was a brain child of a homeless kid. Now he was the son of the richest man in the world, about to announce a product that would help those who where stuck where he'd once been. It was overwhelming.
As long as Margaret wasn't upset or felt unsafe, he'd take it as a win and imagine her quietness was more about being in a strange place than anything else.
When he returned to the New York Sanctum, Wong was there. "What...what's going on? Is Hong Kong still standing?" Strange asked.
Peter grinned, pulled on his mask and ran to the edge, jumping back up. "This is gonna be so awesome! Yeet!" He threw himself off the building.
"Could have fooled me." Peter laughed and walked to the edge, jumping up onto the raised concrete that kept normal people from falling off. He looked down the side of Stark tower.
She looked at Peter then nodded. "Um, I'm not fancy. Know any good burger places around here? I'm from Brooklyn, I go to school near here, but I'm not too familiar with the area."
The city was on fire. A giant monster of fire stood there. Portals and attacks did nothing to it. She focused. Knowing the fire monster wasnt real.
"Yup. The heater was nice though. Thanks for upping the temp in my left hand, it helps a lot." Peter nodded and headed to the kitchen. He grabbed a high-calorie bar and a drink before joining his dad in the living room.
Peter barely ducked under the blast that came next. It was a success. Stane was distracted. Hopefully it would buy his dad some time.
Strange didn't even raise his voice, but somehow his tone lowered the boom. "I don't want to hear another word, young lady. If it were me in charge, you'd be grounded. No. You ARE grounded. As your doctor, I'm grounding you. No dance, no lifting, no sneezing, nothing. Not for at least four weeks. Any sort of stretching or training after three weeks will have to be monitored anyway. No nothing, Margaret. Got it?"
Peter took the half hug, careful not to touch his Dad's injured side as they embraced. He listened to the metallic sound of his Dad's heartbeat and relaxed a little. This was normal, it was right. "I'm sorry."
Steve hated giving reports. Sure, he was a stickler about it with the rest of the team, but he probably hated them more than the rest of them combined. He just wanted to go home, to be with his fianc and son, safe and finally free of Stane. He wanted his family. Wanted to make sure they were safe, unharmed.
"Mostly knife-proof. I'll say...bullet resistant. Also fire and heat resistant...just don't jump into a fire...you're face won't be covered. The coat is the safest part. Heating and cooling, so you aren't ever overheating or freezing. It doesn't really have an AI like, Peter's, but it does have an emergency beacon. If any of your health metrics slip into a dangerous level, JARVIS will know. You'll have backup. Even hooked it up so Wade'll know too."
Christine nodded. "Put him in that second bed...that just totally appeared out of no-where...at least Strange knew to send more help. I've got about thirty seconds left on this. Put him down, I'll help." Christine continued her push.
Steve sighed. "I'm not. But we can't stop him, he'd find a way to sneak out, trust me, I was just as stubborn at his age, if not more so. If we hold onto him too tight, he'll get himself hurt. But at least we have some ability to help him now." He frowned and pulled Tony closer. "You wrapped him up in a suit, and I know just how much protection and help you poured into it. Nat and I have been training him. He's back to full strength and well, he's got his rules."
"No." Tony shook his head and sighed. "He's angry. I don't know why. Maybe if he has some time to cool off it'll help."
"Still spunky?" Nat asked with a smile. "Clint wants to take a stab at sparring with her. His pun, not mine."
"Nothing. Thought I heard something weird. Anyway, if he ever teaches you the portal thing, could you drop HIM for a while? It would be justified."
"Okay." Maggie didn't understand. How long did Ness think she was going to be gone? Dr. Strange would eventually send her home, probably sooner rather than later. She was difficult. She struggled with learning and focus, the two main things this whole trip was about. Teachers always got tired of her eventually. She was difficult to teach. Some would say unteachable. And now it was worse, she had such a hard time focusing. She'd have to try though, because her head had lost all sense of control after it had been slammed against that wall. She couldn't even remember how many times it had been hit.
Peter didn't want to know what his own net worth was. Nope. He was just glad he could buy snacks or really any type of food if he needed it.
"Grounded?" Peter laughed. "How did YOU get grounded?" He couldn't imagine Wade grounding her. And Vanessa didn't seem to be the type either.
"You've been up all night watching me. Which, I gotta say, I don't know if I should be flattered or creeped out. Stalker much?"
Peter lifted the beam off a man, who thankfully had only been wedged, not injured. And he helped the man get off the street. The police and ambulance had finally arrived. "Get out of the area. Tell them to try to make a perimeter three blocks out. We're going to do what we can to contain it here, okay?"
"I hate you." Maggie said, then her head snapped to the side. "So...I can't go to your side, Queens. Can you come to Brooklyn? Something big's about to go down."
Maggie reluctantly opened the book. "...I do beseech you, give him leave to go." She said, her voice slow, tumbling a little over the words. "Take thy fair hour, La...Layertees?"
"Hey, Itsy-Bitsy." Maggie landed next to him and sat at the edge of the building. She had a weird 'suit' these days. She wore most of what Tony had made her, the knife and fire-resistant black pants and gloves, as well as the boots and white undershirt. She wore the blue mask too, but over that she wore sleeveless army-green robes held around her waist with black, leather belts. It somehow worked on her and the robes managed to barely hid where her staff was holstered on her leg. "How are you doing?"
"Mostly mine, mostly Pepper's. It's good." Tony kissed his forehead. "You did good yesterday, kid. I'm so glad you aren't hurt."
"Mm." Steve nodded. "I like the quiet out here too. Maybe we could come out here for the summer when you're not in school. Vacation for a little bit."
"I have my ways. Speed reading is something I'm pretty got at these days. He has an interesting biology. He's okay. He has an infection. Fevers are natural, they help fight infections. It isn't excessive. He runs a little lower than most people. He's fine. Let his body and the antibiotics fight." Strange looked at him. "It's low grade, even for him. I'm keeping track of it."
"I could use a broom or something." Nat frowned, wondering if she could get Peter down with a broom. He really seemed to need someone to hold him and calm him down.
When Peter ate, he couldn't help but glance at Maggie, who was still asleep. He wasn't sure he'd seen her move at all. He could hear her breathing...but...was she okay?
Peter took another breath and nodded. He took out his phone and called his dad. It hadn't gotten through the full ring before it was picked up.
"Checking the progress on the coding for the prosthetics." The hand that wasn't in the sling went to typing away. "What are you doing, kid?"
Peter sat on his bed and stared at the closet. He didn't know why he'd agreed to do this now. Things for SI had been crazy. The news was up in arms about why, when Tony Stark just got his company back, he instantly handed it over to Pepper Potts. Lots of rumors and crazy stuff. Plus the cessation of all weapons manufacturing. It was a media shitstorm. Zia Pepper was trying to distract with good press, but...damn. Even with one of the smoothest changes in power, ever...the news lost their shit.
It was things sometimes. Things had memories in them, hidden by time. But time didn't hide from her. She missed her Dad. He definitely would have yelled at her for skipping school and she'd be grounded for it...probably. "He'd be pissed at me right now."
Steve lowered himself to the ground, prepared for an attack from the ground, but not so far down that he wouldn't be able to move.
"You are stronger than you know. I can tell it. I'm sure your teachers back at Xavier's knew it too. If you would have stayed you might have learned a thing or two."
"Oh, we don't WANT to hurt the kids. We do want to hurt you... The thing is...if we hurt you physically, that really isn't enough. Stane already tried that...we're looking for a fresh new approach here. I hear the most terrifying thing for a parent is knowing their child is in pain...and not being able to help."
"Margaret. Margaret? Are you alright? Are you hurt?" That scream. It had to be one of pain. Of agony. He was worried that he might find blood pooling around her. But...there was none on her bed. He walked up to her and knelt down. "Margaret? Let me see. What happened?"
Beck slammed his fists down, then he ground his teeth together. They'd been searching for Peter and couldn't find him. But he had an idea of who might be able to SEE where he went. He stormed toward Maggie's cell. "Magnolia, where did Peter go?" He demanded.
Maggie stumbled upwards and pressed the card to the lock. The door beeped and clicked open. She turned the handle and pulled it open. Immediately she raised the brick in her defense.
"Don't ever apologize for being the smartest one in the room." He smiled. "You're right. It is an 'off switch.'"
Steve wrapped an arm around him and then leaned down, pressing his ear over the reactor. "Nope. Still ticking." He smiled and stood up straight, pressing a kiss to Tony's temple. "He's going to be okay. He's a good kid and a smart one. Plus, he's stronger than me."
"You created me, sir. I'm not sure that will hold up in court." Peter could hear JARVIS in the background.
"I might be able to help. Not sure if this will work, but if they're camouflaging by bending light..." Strange held up his hands, moved them in a weird pattern, then the world exploded in light around them. The light traveled like a shockwave through the air and it revealed thousands of drones in its wake. "We...unbend it."
The next thing Maggie knew, she was waking up on the armchair, Dr. Strange was on the sofa, looking through a book. The Time Stone was exposed, his hands glowed green as he read. "So you can use it to speed read, but I can't get a power boost."
"Well, then you can talk. You don't have to look if that'll upset you." Peter promised. "No one's gonna hurt anyone here. Can you sense that?"
Tony lay next to Peter on the bed. Strange didn't argue with it as long as they didn't interrupt the IVs. Steve looked over them. Peter had cried himself to sleep. Tony held onto Peter and Peter nuzzled his face against the arc reactor. Steve wished to crawl in next to them, but he remained in his seat. Angry. Not just at what had been done to his son, but at what had happened to Maggie.
Did I mention I don't like writing action? Sorry if this isn't perfect. Lots of different perspectives throughout. Also a reference to a show. Over 5,000 words of action and I hated every second. God my brain hurts. Hope it's okay.
"We'll talk...as a team later. Right now, we need to get him secured." Steve said, keeping Obie close, cuffed.
Peter felt a tingle up his neck and turned around. Tony walked into the lab and went right over to a desk, beginning to look through something. That wasn't right. Tony was supposed to be on bedrest. After breaking his arm and ribs he was ordered to rest. Steve would be irate if he knew Tony'd gone to work. Maybe Tony'd really taken this 'have to watch Peter's every move' thing too seriously. Peter sighed and walked up to Tony. Something seemed off. His senses were telling him that something was missing, that a detail wasn't right, but he couldn't put his finger on it. He was probably tired. His senses got weird sometimes. "Hey, Mr. Stark, what are you doing down here?"
"So you lose your ability to help yourself." Dr. Strange sat back down. "There is balance here, Margaret. I'll help you find it. I'll make sure none of you is lost in the process. And I'll help you get stronger too. I know you're stronger than what you can do now. You haven't met your limit, not with your powers and not with your day-to-day." He nodded to her. "Breathe. Relax. But tell me what you see, what you feel. Start again. Don't lose yourself. To find balance you have to know what you can do. Let's learn that."
Maggie ached everywhere. Her body was sore. She coughed and her ribs hurt. A strange man had kicked in her ribs when she tried not to scream. She leaned against the corner of the room and breathed heavily. She wanted to go home, to be with Wade and Ness and Dr. Strange. She hoped he was okay. Was he still fighting? Did he even know she'd been missing?
"Zio Happy, one word and I'll start a prank war with Zio Clint and you'll never find peace." Peter threatened half-heartedly.
She closed her eyes. Maybe Strange was right. Maybe not all of her slips through time would be death and despair.
"What?" Tony asked, his eyes red-rimmed from crying, his jaw set as he looked through another set of cameras.
"Glad you like it. And since you got through most of the first act, what do you like to watch. Doctor Who, maybe?"
When they parted Tony licked his lips and a small smirk lifted his lips. "You know, it might take a little more convincing."
"Ooh, I wanna know. Tell me." Peter poked her shoulder. "I haven't done as much dance as you have. What other things should I try?"
"More pokes and burning. Try to stay still." He warned her again, then went to work. It was weird, seeing his own hands so steady. He could have gone back to this. Could have gone back to saving lives with scalpels and sutures. It was nice to have this again. He wouldn't trade away the mystic arts, though. He could do so much more good there. But if he could take the moment tp patch up Maggie so she was comfortable and safe, he would.
"You need to learn discipline. It would help you to not wander. I'm not going to let you stand there until your brain is mush though."
"I...I don't know. What if it ruins everything? So much is already so different. I don't want more stuff to be...you know?"
"You talking to me?" Peter asked. "Can't be. Anyone with an IQ knows spiders are arachnids. Wait...do you not have an IQ?"
Everything was ready. He'd found out how to trick both of their abilities. They'd never see the danger coming until they were already deep in the trap.
"I hate hospitals, medbays...basically anywhere they practice medicine." He frowned. He could hear all sorts of unnatural things in hospitals...like bones being moved or cut into or how flesh sounds when it's being stitched or sliced. Peter hated all of it. Plus, the smell was awful.
Peter nodded. He had a sneaking suspicion that Maggie had a dark past, he wasn't going to take her need for personal space personally. He knew trauma and he knew it didn't always make sense. "We're getting there. Thanks again, by the way."
The girl in question was gazing with slightly mismatched eyes at Dr. Strange as Vanessa held her hand. The girl looked like she'd been to hell and back, but the sweet thing had the smallest smile as Strange read to her. "'Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind. Two of us will help you, whichever you would find.'" Strange quietly read the riddle.
She covered her mouth as if trying not to throw up, but walked forward and held up the box for the camera.
"I can't know. I'm not a mind reader." Strange frowned. "Haven't finished that book yet, and don't want to test it without...well, knowing what I'm doing. Getting in someone's head is a risky business. But, well, you've met Xavier. Without training...there's complications. You could scramble someone's brains just trying to listen. Not going to risk it."
"Don't be sorry. It's nice to meet you, Maggie. Peter's talked about you a lot. It's nice to know he's got good friends."
His face softened and a small smile was there. "Saw the building in the news. You did good." He reached up with a scar-covered hand and ruffled her hair. "I have dinner for you inside, your favorite."
Peter couldn't stand watching needles get dropped in his own skin, let alone someone else's. Dr. Strange taped them down easily. "All done, Margaret. Model patient...though I'm used to unconscious ones, so you were a bit louder than most of my usual patients."
A stab of pain filled Maggie's head. She bowed her head forward and rubbed her temple. When she opened her eyes she was somewhere else. A courtyard of some kind. She groaned and winced. There were people everywhere, working on magic of some kind. A firm hand landed on her upper arm, covered in scars. "Strange?"
"Because I left you." Peter hissed, tears instantly falling down his face. He turned away, unable to look at her.
Maggie considered that. He'd known, of course, when he met her. The Ancient One had told him to find Magnolia Chase, not Margaret Wilson. When they'd first met, he'd called her Magnolia. She'd hated it. Hated that name. She never wanted to hear it again. Then Dr. Strange had called her that. After a very bad panic attack, she'd had to explain that that was not her name anymore. Not ever again. He was allowing her to be separate from all the bad before. It was nice. Thoughtful. "Thanks."
Maggie watched him move. She felt a sudden arm wrap around her. She felt herself yanked back against a tall form. She started to move to fight back, but then something rang loudly in her ear. Her whole body went still, limp as a ragdoll.
"Pretty calm. Got a car thief today. Though...really the traffic helped with that one. Stopped a couple muggings." Peter nodded.
"I'm fine." Her voice broke. Stupid fucking broken brain making her feel weird things. She didn't choose these things. Why the fuck was her body doing this?
Maggie chuckled. "I'm in, if you want. I've got my solo pretty well mastered at this point. Hehe...pointe." She giggled.
"Down some stairs and he often gets verbally abused by that punk. Peter's a good kid, turns the other cheek, takes the hits, doesn't hit back. He actually told me not to come here..." Steve bit his lip. "Guess I'm not as good as my kid. Either straighten out the situation, or I'll find a way to straighten it out myself. Simple as that." Steve smiled. "Have a good day."
"No. He jumped between me and a bullet once in a timeline I...adjusted. He's brave. He wouldn't over react to something or make something out of nothing."
Maggie nodded. She didn't think she'd be too afraid. Maybe a little. But if he was there, that would help her stay calmer.
"Well, whatever or whoever is down there should get an award. I mean, down to the mannerisms. It was so distractingly familiar the first time that I didn't even notice the heartbeat was off." Peter pulled away.
"Um, I was going to help Tracy today. I didn't think you'd be down here." Peter didn't need to be babysat in the tower. It irritated him. Nat already followed him to school. Clint had picked him up and driven him to dance and searched the place top to bottom. Happy barely let him get on the elevator in the tower alone. It had been two days of constant surveillance and it was getting a bit annoying. Peter knew he could take care of himself. Plus, he had Karen and JARVIS in the tower. If he got into anything he couldn't handle all he had to do was talk to one of them and the wrath of the Avengers would rain on his enemies.
"Oh, he hates it. He wants me to type full sentences, so I like to annoy him." Maggie grinned, then opened her photos. "See? Proof." Maggie nodded.
The worst part, was every time the torture stopped, he heard Maggie screaming. In his moments of reprieve. He looked around and tried to think of a way out. If Maggie was in the direction of the screams...he wasn't sure he could get to her if he got out. There were lots of locked doors that way, judging by the other sounds. If he escaped, could he get to her before they killed her?
Tony's heart squeezed painfully in his chest. Tony looked at Steve, his hands shaking too much. Steve took the bag and opened the zip.
"I thought it was cute and funny. And, hey, it proves to me just how good of a teacher Steve's got." Tony poked Peter's shoulder.
On her right, Dr. Strange had his head against the bed next to her side. He was sound asleep, his hand in hers. Peter notice that Strange had put gloves on his own hands, since Maggie's hands were bare. Peter was pretty sure Maggie wasn't the only one who felt they were more than mentor-mentee. He smiled and then turned his head.
Strange straightened. "I know. Believe me. She's going to be fine." He turned and walked to the curtain around Maggie's bed. "Almost set?"
Strange looked confused. He hadn't gotten any calls. No texts, no messages. Nothing. "I haven't gotten any calls." Strange said, his eyes wide, glossy. He strode forward and looked at the images. His eyes lingered on Maggie and his hands formed tight fists. He'd never felt anything so consuming before. All at once, more anger and concern than he'd ever known in his life hit him like a freight train. Love. He loved Margaret. And thinking of her in pain hurt. What if she'd died and he'd never known? She was suffering and he wasn't helping. It hurt more than any pain he'd known, his time in the dark dimension included. And he was furious, murderous at the people who'd hurt her.
His gray-blue eyes widened, then his face fell a little. "No. You're fine." He sighed and squeezed her hand. "Perfectly healthy...aside from the fact that your flesh is being held together artificially. We're all here looking after you."
Peter explained his ideas for the project she was working on. He wasn't exactly sure they'd all apply, but if a couple of them would work her project might go a little smoother.
"'Yeah'? That's all?" Tony asked. "We have rules for a reason, Peter. To keep you safe." Tony did not like the way Peter's jaw flexed and his eyes rolled, but he kept talking as calm as he could. "If it weren't for Karen, we wouldn't have known where you were tonight. You're supposed to tell us when you leave, and it's a school night, Peter. Why didn't you tell us?"
"We've got to go to the tower. Now. Suit up. I'll explain on the way." She launched into the air after tossing him his bag.
"Oh, I heard from my good friend Spiderman that you're Natalie Portman. If anyone asks, I'll tell them that." Tony said with a smile.
She couldn't breathe, but she reached, stretched for the brick. She managed to hit him in the face. His nose broke with a crunch. He fell to the side and she hit his temple one more time.
Strange followed suit. He could think through things while in the quiet space. Things were fine, quiet. Then they weren't. Maggie's breathing was harsh. He opened his eyes and saw her looking up with wide, frightened eyes.
"Sleep tight, Magnolia." Beck pressed Maggie's thumb to her phone to unlock it, then stood up. "One of two, everyone. Good job. Let's get the other kid." He flipped through Marggie's phone. And easy as could be he took the passcode off the phone then he opened a text to Peter. This would be easy, he just needed to time it right. Good thing he'd been watching for a long time. "Let's get to the next set, everyone."
"No." Maggie shook her head. "It's just..." She blushed and hid her face in her knees. She didn't want to talk about this with her dad. She didn't. It was embarrassing. "My brain and body not acting the way I tell it to. I hate it."
Dr. Strange took a deep breath, his hands still shaking, but Maggie couldn't judge his reaction on that. Plus, she couldn't bring herself to look at him. "No. I think everyone is capable of killing. I vowed not to...yet I have. We all have something we'd fight for, kill for, die for. I know you pretty well, Margaret. You do everything you can not to hurt anyone, even people who'd hurt you. If you killed someone, it was probably to protect yourself or someone else. And there was probably no other way."
A car horn screamed at him, just as his spidersense did. He slid over the hood with ease as the driver screamed at him.
Peter leaned into Steve's hand. Things were a mess. Maybe that was it. Maybe that was why Tony'd snapped at him earlier. Plus...Tony had hit his head, that probably made everyone a little grumpy and testy. "I'm sorry."
Peter's eyes widened. He'd always thought there'd been some trauma in her life, likely some of a sexual nature too...but now he had proof. "I'm sorry. You're safe though."
The girl slipped the paper back when the teacher wasn't looking, then started texting under her desk.
"Kidnapped and tortured for five days. I'm pretty sure they smashed her head against a brick wall...probably three times too many..." He shook. His chest felt tight.
"Oh." Maggie blinked. Peter was dressed to the nines in a suit. Gray and burgundy. The top button of his shirt was undone. "Are you busy going somewhere?"
"I feel tingly when that thing's near me." Maggie's body too had a faint green glow to it. It always made her feel stronger. Her mind got more foggy, but damn, she felt full of energy. Usually when she was tired, less focused, her powers got stronger. But...around the stone she felt stronger, and energized.
They danced together, fell apart and came back together. Three times they let go of each other's hands. Then the fourth time their hands parted. As Peter spun on his own, Maggie flicked her wrist, the top of her outfit folded down, revealing an all-black outfit and she collapsed on the ground, graceful and devastating.
"-s, Si-siiir." JARVIS was glitching. His HUD was a mess. He couldn't move his arms. Whatever that blast was from Obie's suit, it had short circuited a few things. "R-r-restoring system functions."
"It's not real." His voice came back. She didn't know how. She couldn't see him, but she felt him there. "Focus, bring yourself back here."
"Well you, miss, happen to have seven hundred likes on youtube. Keep it up and you'll be a little star." Wade teased.
Maggie did. Dr. Strange hung up. "Wha-?" She sighed. Then a loop of golden light appeared and Strange stepped out.
Maggie reached up and grabbed his hand. It felt difficult to move, but she gripped his hand. "They don' know. Need help. They can' figh' if they can' see."
She saw Strange and wanted to yell at him. Tell him to turn. That the real danger was behind him, not in front of him.
During the reception, Peter hung out with Ned, watching as Steve and Tony and all the others danced.
Peter frowned. "I can't hide, Dad. He knows my name, he'll probably look after me, might even stalk me a little bit. It's for the best that I don't act weird or threatened."
"Well, shit." Tony watched as his targeting systems lit up like a Christmas tree. "That'll work. JARVIS, keep rolling on that, they may be able to give me information. Avengers, let's get rid of these things."
"And I told you Dolly was a great choice, though, there was decidedly a lack of swords, you got to step up your game, Mags. Next time, I expect weaponry to be involved. I can give you a few tips. Dubstep is great with weapons." The merc turned when Maggie waved to Peter. "Oh, hello, Peter." Wade said, smirking at Peter. "You did good out there, cutie."
Tracy must've heard that comment, because she made a soft noise in protest and looked at them with wide eyes. "M-Mr. Stark...?" She gave Peter a 'what the fuck is up with him today' look.
Ned had not been totally cool about it. Once they both got in the back of Happy's car, he started asking questions. Peter just sighed and smiled, listening to Ned theorize about all sorts of weird things. "Do you lay eggs?"
"Yeah, oddly enough, they did. Was expecting my friend, not two random people I fought once, but hey...that's life, huh?" She glared at him.
A phone rang. The girl reached a gloved hand into her backpack and pulled out her phone. He couldn't see a contact picture, but the name started with Doctor. "Hey, what's up? Oh damn. I'm sorry. I didn't notice it slipped out. Thanks... Yes, I ate. Did the...THING go okay? Good... Yeah, glad I could help with something. Have a good day. Tell Wong it's How I Roll. Aw, you're no fun. 'Bye." The girl put her phone back in her bag. "Sorry, Peter, so, this weekend?"
"I can stand on my own, walk too, even been doing dance stretches. You'd know that if you t-talked to me." She said, folding her arms over her chest.
"I know, but...not there yet, so we can help." Dr. Strange held out his hand and a mug appeared in it. "This tea will make you fall asleep. Focus on your last dream and you'll fall right back into it. I'll be here, reading. Tea?" He allowed it to be her choice.
"No. Spiderman-" Tony blanked for a moment on the girl's codename. "Spiderman, Reset, stand down. Get out of the way." His comms crackled, not working. He felt like he couldn't even breathe.
The reporter's breath shook, but she slowly opened the box. She jumped back from the desk with a screech.
"Mmhmn." Maggie saluted. Her phone went off. She answered it and quickly hung up. "Oh, Vanessa's here. I should go. She'll be wanting to make sure I'm okay. I bet she's already called Wade. That's gonna suck. He'll be fucking pissed that I got hurt." She stood and lifted her torn jacket. "Ugh...poor thing. I'll have to stitch it... Or ask Strange for help..." She sighed. "Thank you, for bringing me to a doctor...and for food. Actually, shit. How much do stiches cost?"
Maggie's hand snapped out once more and grabbed Strange's. "Check...please check. Go back and look. I'm not crazy. He was there."
If Wade wasn't real, then her step-father wasn't either. She...didn't have to be afraid. Sure, they'd hit her and hurt her, but...those ghosts were just ghosts.
Maggie flinched and hid against Strange's chest, letting out a pained noise when the part of her head that had blood on it came closer to him. She twisted her head, likely to remove pressure from that spot.
"I will, I will." She promised, cleaning the sink after it drained. He'd been at Wade and Vanessa's it couldn't have been a habit she picked up from them. She did say her dad had been pretty strict though. Strange imagined anyone next to the Wilson's was strict by comparison.
Perhaps he could take it from Tony's corpse once he'd killed him. Then Stane would have the ultimate weapon and he'd get to sell his weapons without any trouble.
Slowly she sat up and looked at her hands. There was blood everywhere. She took a deep breath and crawled forward to grab the card from his pocket.
"I'm with Peter on this one. There's a reason why you aren't allowed to play video games with the Avengers."
"Yeah, you can do martial arts, Steve is literally enhanced. Sorry, my bet's on Cap." Nat grinned at Peter. "Guess you're going to be wearing a blue tie at the wedding, ."
"Nothing wrong with having strengths and weaknesses." Tony wiped his hands on a towel, but grease was still on his face, clothes, and hands. "Sorry. That needed to be finished. Let's see if you like your new suit."
"Um...thanks." Maggie turned her head and then quickly sat down, putting on her boots again. "I'll uh...do that. I think there's a room in the sanctum with mirrors...though." She buried her head down as something fizzled warmly in her stomach. What in the hell was that?
Peter turned and saw Nat walk in, a stack of papers in her hand. She waved them and a memory stick at them, before she dropped them next to Tony's bed and sat down next to Clint.
Peter nodded and pressed closer to his parents before getting up. Logically, he knew the drones were gone. Peter knew his dad had tracked down and destroyed all of them. Peter knew the people behind it were currently in prison awaiting trial. Peter knew Beck had met some gruesome fate, because his papa had looked off. That and Wade had made some cryptic remark about woodchippers, which had made Peter shiver. He never, EVER, wanted to get on Deadpool's bad side.
"Mm-hm." Not really. She got a couple hours of sleep. Not much at all. It was hard for her to sleep in a new place. All the new sounds and space. It kept her up.
Maggie took note of her free hand and, yep, she was fiddling with her necklace. She dropped her hand. "Stop being observant. Why is this even a video call?" She pressed the button to switch it just to voice and put her phone to her ear.
There was a knock at the door. Peter closed his eyes as the door opened. The instant the door cracked open, he relaxed. It was a normal heartbeat, not one that had a metallic echo to it. It was Steve at the door, not Tony. Peter didn't want to argue tonight. Then he smelled food. He opened his eyes and looked at Steve.
Steve was less recognizable, compared to Tony anyway. So he put on a hat and headed to the school the next day. He made his way to the office and sat down, waiting. A woman walked into the office and jolted.
"My dad? You mean Wade?" Maggie asked. "I get it...he's...a lot to deal with. I love him, but...it's a lot to deal with sometimes." She laughed. "It's taken me a while to get used to it. You may want to tell your AI to keep an eye out, he has a way of sneaking into places he shouldn't be."
That was all she had left of her dad's. It had ticked on her wrist since the day he'd died. And he was pulverizing it.
Tony rolled his eyes. "Spoilsport." Then his body jolted. "Shit, I need to buy send money to help cover the demolishing and reparing of the apartment complex across the way." Tony huffed. "JARVIS, try to find the list of tenants and make sure they have a place to stay until repairs are done. Also start a fund to help get some of their necessities replaced. I can't replace their memory things, but they will need beds and clothes and stuff."
"Thanks." Maggie walked to the nearest bathroom, the one she usually used when she visited. Sure enough, there was a toothbrush, toothpaste, and mouthwash waiting for her. She brushed her teeth and washed her face. Still feeling a little ill. Why would she do that? Then, she paused. Her watch...in the vision. Her watch had been gone. She never took off her father's watch. Why was it gone in the vision?
"Sure." She closed her eyes. This wasn't easy. Sometimes nothing happened. Sometimes she felt like time was pulling her along for some wild ride, and sometimes she almost felt...in control, if she could call it that. Something wasn't right this time. There were red lights behind her eyelids, all different shades and sizes. She tried to ignore them. Usually she could. She had to to keep herself sane to fall asleep. But today they were particularly annoying.
He knew that look on her face. He'd seen it on his own when he'd finally found Tony and Steve. She'd found her home, her place to be, whether or not she knew it. He'd been without a home for only a couple months and being with Tony and Steve felt...like he belonged there. Like he was meant to be there. It didn't diminish his parents or his aunt or uncle. He loved them all, missed them all. But it didn't make Tony and Steve any less 'home' either. He had a feeling, even if May and Ben were alive, and he'd somehow managed to get the internship... Tony would have still ended up Dad. Steve would have still ended up Papa. Peter would just also have Aunt May and Uncle Ben. They were all family. Patchworked together in Peter's heart.
The anchor was discussing a picture, then a film taken on a phone. Steve sighed. It was of him, in the restaurant. His own phone illuminated his face as he smiled and texted Peter. The ring on his left hand was clearly visible by how he held his phone. "Well, shit."
"I can't just NOT help, Karen. I'm going." Peter switched directions and dropped quickly. He snuck into the building and paused from his hiding place in the shadows. Part of him wanted to jump down there, but his spider sense went off dully. He stayed where he was and took it in instead.
"Steve would win, sorry, Tony." Nat chuckled. "Unless you've got some sort of anti-cap weapon hidden in your lab, he's got you. Nice try though, you're just not that intimidating."
"We're NOT encouraging drug use. Prescription or otherwise." Strange's voice was a low command. "Nope. She's barely fifteen, we're not doing this, got it?"
"How di' you find me?" Maggie asked quietly, between spoonfuls of tapioca pudding that she was proud to say she was holding herself, though frustrated that that was about all the physical activity she could muster.
"I'm feeling really anxious right now. Like eight out of ten anxious." His breaths came in little pants as he looked over the edge.
Vanessa sighed and pressed play. It started with Maggie calling Spiderman an asshole, which Vanessa was proud of. And Maggie, thankfully, was within Brooklyn limits, barely. The filmer had kept turning between the two kids, filming each dance. Their part ended with Spiderman and Reset heading for Brooklyn. Then the filmer turned the camera around.
"What? Come on, I know you like her. You're seeing it too, Steve-o, right? Look at his blush. He's soooo cute."
"And cannibalism. Who knew THAT would be entertaining?" Strange sighed and stretched. "Want to read some tonight or no?"
"It was actually kinda fun. I don't mind falling...well, as long as there isn't a bottom approaching, you know?"
"Alright. Got to see Maggie today. She's as mobile as I've seen her in weeks. Still a little stiff, but she's doing a lot better."
"Subtle." Peter said in awe. If he hadn't seen her as much as he had, hadn't known how she walked, he'd have no clue who he'd been talking to. Even her eyes had been a different color, brown instead of her usual blue.
"I got it, sheesh." Maggie headed back down the stairs, part of her happy that the sorcerer showed concern for her. "Yo, Wong. Next time It's Britney, Bitch."
"I ran the numbers. What Stane and his little scientists came up with, given the approximate size of the suit and the sound of the thrusters as well as joint movement..." Tony didn't have to keep going. He could tell it was going over Steve's head, but Peter was obviously taking in the numbers, the logic.
Peter bobbed his head. He got an odd sense of dejavu when he webbed himself to both arms of the suit and flung himself upward, kicking the suit in the chest. It was just like the fight he'd had with Iron Man...what felt like ages ago. Except, there was no hero in this suit. This wasn't a good guy. This was properly a villain. Peter was properly in danger.
"That's an excuse, Margaret. There are tools to get around that, to get better. You don't try to get better though." Dr. Strange shook his head. "I knew a nurse, dyslexic as all hell, learned a new language just to write cute notes to her adopted son in his native language. You can balance both sides of yourself."
"You don't have to explain. I get it. Trust me. I do." Peter nodded. "If you're happy, I'm happy. Has he taught you any of his awesome portal-ing stuff?"
Strange didn't know. But if he knew anything about time, there WAS a connection. They just didn't know what it was. Yet.
"Hey, Peter." A kind woman said. "Dr. Cho says these meds are specially for you. Her words. May I see your arm? This will help with the pain."
"Of course." The voice in the bowl was so cheerful. He stood up and opened the door. "Scream nice and loud so your friend can hear, won't you? Or I'll let him off his leash."
Peter considered throwing a punch. The bell rang. He let out a breath. He must've been really stressed out to almost punch Flash at some lighter-than-normal bullying. "See ya." Peter turned and held a hand out to Ned to help him up. "Time to go."
"Maggie?" Peter turned and looked at the young woman in the back row. In spite of how she hid in the back, Maggie danced like a front-row student, like a pro. "She's doing a solo dance though."
Tony shivered and reached out, putting a hand on Peter's shoulder. "Okay, okayokay...." He took a deep breath. "You be safe. And I want a full report of anything you can think of that the suit needs, got it?"
"Yup." Maggie grabbed her phone with her free hand and put shuffle on her stretching playlist for dance.
"Always." Steve answered and stepped behind Tony and reached around him, guiding his hands. "Like this, darlin'. Fold, push, turn. Fold, push, turn." Steve let go of Tony's hands and watched him work. "Much better." He praised before grabbing flower and sprinkling some on the granite counter. "Keep going."
"No! Could you imagine? That would be embarrassing. He's just my teacher. I can't just...latch onto him like a koala. That's needy and gross and childish and just...ugh."
Peter shook his head as he grabbed a plate. "It-it's not that. It's just...you're both older and used to this kind of stuff."
Maggie whirled her staff and smacked the arrow. It hit a car and exploded as she took a few steps back, looking from Natasha to Clint. "Uh...hi?"
"I'm bored. It's like the bad guys took a day off! I read the baddie manual and this day off wasn't in it. Is this a holiday I don't know about?" Peter wondered.
"There are things we're good at and things we aren't so good at. We know it, trust us. It's okay that you miss him, or if you think we're weirdos, because we are. You're pretty weird too." Vanessa said. "Our weird girl."
"Very well, Peter. Thank you." JARVIS responded. "Dr. Stephen Vincent Strange, you are permitted access to this area, but no others unless occupied by someone with further access."
Peter rolled his eyes and headed over to Maggie, who was slowly moving into a needle stretch. Her eyes were closed lightly.
Peter looked up. His eyes were wide as his Dad's armor smashed into the ground. The street was dented, like a meteor had crashed into it. "Shit. NO!"
Steve laughed. "I'm going to marry him, definitely going to end up doing the 'baby sitting' plus raising a kid with him so... I've got it."
What was real anymore aside from the pain and constant mind-fuck? How many days had it been? Had it been a week? Weeks?
"Sure." Maggie looked out. Then she pointed. "Danger mostly that way. Maybe a potential car accident waiting to happen."
Ness looked at the two of them. Maggie deserved a parent. Ness knew she and Wade didn't exactly meet that need for her. Maggie's needs and their capabilities didn't completely mesh. They loved each other, of course. Love didn't cover everything though. Love only did so much, it didn't change her needs for structure and instruction and...understanding. Strange seemed to understand her in ways that she and Wade couldn't, while they understood her in ways Strange couldn't. "She deserves a good dad, like you."
Peter dropped into an alley way and pulled off his webshooters. He frowned and glanced around. He felt strange, like he was being watched. But there was nothing there. He pulled down his hood and ruffled his hair. He sent a text to his dad and papa to let him know he was safe. Then started out of the alley way.
Peter felt a hand land on his shoulder. It was good, because while his presentation had gone okay, he felt horribly nervous. The hand on his shoulder wasn't normal. Tony'd usually wrap his whole arm over Peter's shoulders, but this was just a firm, steadying hand. More like a mentor, less like a father. Which was good. Tony moved him slightly from the podium with his good hand and he took center stage.
"I'm gonna learn how to handle all the weird." Maggie insisted, brushing herself off and standing. And she would, he knew it. She was already dealing with normal human threats and mutant threats. Someday she'd be good enough to deal with the mystical as well. He'd make sure she was ready for it.
Dr. Strange took a deep slow breath. "Rest really is the best thing for her...but food is important. It'll raise her spirits to have real food, that's important too. Be gentle about waking her up. I'll get her something mild to eat."
From the bed across the room. "Override, JARVIS." Peter said. "Code, Roo. He's okay. He's a friend."
Maggie quickly looked away. The oxygen was starting to feel nice, soothing her lungs. Her head still felt light, really light.
"That is for my intern to announce. I have a very minimal hand in it. When he thinks it's ready, then he'll announce it. It's not my baby, it's his."
"I got him. You just...reboot or whatever." Maggie stood near the suit, hoping maybe she could protect it from a potential blast if something happened. Her eyes looked up.
"Don't listen to anything he says, he's lying." Tony said. "This game is totally in my favor. I own most of the properties and...oops, is that another hotel you landed on, Pete? Pay up."
Going to be some more fluff and character development for a time, because I need that now and we gotta set up for You-Know-Who.
"Technically JARVIS did most of the work." Tony teased back. "I figure if push comes to shove we can blame him."
Maggie woke and let her eyes move around. There were no danger lights anywhere. No abrasive lights at all. The room was lit dimly. It...wasn't a hospital room. She was in a hospital bed, hooked to all sorts of things, but this room almost looked...familiar. But different. Brick walls, wooden floors, an unused fireplace. This was Dr. Strange's home...but not. It was confusing. She felt lost. What had woken her up?
It was boring, but Peter listened to the class and was grateful when the final bell rang. He gathered up his books and walked with Ned out of the school. His spidersense went off and he slid into the way of the hit. He knew it was Flash and he didn't want the asshole to push his friend down. Peter took the hit and fell to the ground.
"You watch Doctor Who?" Strange asked, looking over his shoulder at the girl who was still lagging behind. He slowed his pace a little more. Her leg had to ache.
She felt tears well up in her eyes. Her brain hitting an overwhelmed state, quickly. She didn't know what to do with this. When her emotions shot up, her brain just made her cry.
"Hmmm..." Maggie shrugged and drank more of her drink. "Don't really know. Aunt Ness and Uncle Wade said they planned on coming over on Christmas Eve. They're going out of town after that. Dad and I will probably have a quiet day in. Maybe I can convince him to go on a hike or something. We haven't done that in a while. How about you?"
Tony felt his eyes water and he passed the open booklet to Steve. Steve looked at it and his eyes too, shimmered with tears. Steve leaned over and kissed Tony's temple. "We have a good kid."
"What?" Strange's eyebrows pulled together. "Uh, you're going to want...more probably. This isn't going to be just a couple days."
"I'll still be on Earth...this Earth, so there's that. And I'll come back... I just don't know when at this point. I gotta get my head balanced, new world order and all. That'll take time...just don't know how much. That's why I stalked you. I didn't want things to be weird when I left. I thought you hated me or something for... I dunno, n-not seeing it coming."
"Fair." Maggie nodded and went to the guest room and got Harry Potter. She sat at the bar as Strange filled the sink. "'Chapter Thirteen, Nicolas Flamel. Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again...'" She read while he worked. And at the end of the chapter (this time with fewer mistakes than usual) she took over the cleaning as Strange read.
Strange left her alone. She was in a new environment, he'd let her get comfortable in it as he made dinner. He hoped she didn't mind ramen. It, of course, wouldn't be totally authentic, he didn't have the time to make a proper broth, but it wouldn't be too shabby. He noticed very few pages turning as she read on the sofa and more than a few huffs. "What are you reading?"
"Buuuut, you should tell him you like hanging out. People like that. The mentor/mentee thing can really work. Just watch Star Wars."
She didn't like it. She didn't want to feel heavy or sluggish or wrong. She felt in a daze. Tired. Her thumb ached dully, but she focused and squeezed. Her fingers didn't grip too tight, but she could see them move, tighten slightly around his hand. That WAS his hand. The scars were right. She was safe.
He sat and closed his eyes. He had a hard time breathing. His mind was racing through all the damage that could have been done...that may exist even now in Maggie's brain. Her emotions dampened. Her ability to focus and prioritize. He was good, very good at what he did. She'd likely be okay, right? Recovery would take a while. She'd have to be watched, go through rehabilitation, might have motor function issues or memory issues. He...he was very good but... What if his hands shook? What if he'd caused more damage? What if she hadn't used her powers? "She...she could have had a stroke...seizures. Could have been losing brain cells within minutes of the injury. If she didn't have her powers... I..." Strange couldn't breathe. He would have never heard her scream. He would have searched that building high and low. He would have found her dead, chained to a wall, eyes empty, skin pale and cold.
Quentin laughed. This was the best news he'd had in a very long time. Stark really did care about the kid. Stark had a soft spot, a heart. He was protecting the kid, even when he couldn't be there. Quentin wondered how Stark would feel if he couldn't protect the kid, if he wasn't there for him when he needed help.
He had a couple tests to run though, before he took the kids. He needed a little more data. Just a bit to make sure he was ready for everything.
Maggie grabbed his hands and pulled him close. Their dance was awkward as they met, two styles that didn't quite mesh. She had the clean, wonderful movements. His were rougher around the edges. Tony would say Lady and the Tramp, but Tony knew what they were really portraying, the difference between Tony and Steve's life in the tower and Peter's life in the streets.
Her whole body flinched. "Don't touch me. Don't touch me." She didn't sound angry, just...scared. "Please...don't touch me right now."
Wow. The girl really DID have a super power. Even at a distance she could tell who the real threat was. "I'll keep that in mind." Peter nodded.
"Well, great. Until then, I guess it's me against the world." Tony groaned and got himself up, taking to the sky. Now he had two enemies. One who was actually a friend and one who was a monster. This wasn't going to be fun.
"What if it's not a new ability?" Maggie bit her lip. "Maybe it needs to be MADE visible. What if you can't send it back to where it's from...because it's not all the way here? What if it's stuck in a sort-of half-way space. Like the mirror dimension. That's why you can't fully get rid of it, not ALL of it's here."
"It's still murder. Don't try to call it something else. I can see it, in your eyes. You know it's murder."
Her eyes snapped open. He was still right across from her, seated just like her. "Don't lie. You were giving me a lecture, about balance."
"Oh my God!" Tony pressed a hand to his chest and ran forward, looking over the edge. He saw Peter swing and could hear the excited 'woooooooo' of joy before the red and blue blur that was Peter was gone, headed for Queens. "My heart stopped for a moment. Holy shit."
Maggie...really didn't know what she felt. She didn't feel like how the other girls around her talked. Was she a freak? Was she broken? She didn't know. She hated not knowing. And she hated not being in control over her own body.
"Of course." Ness answered, hitting replay. There wasn't much Maggie could do. Keeping her occupied was good. Helpful. It kept her spirits up when she got frustrated or scared or sad.
"Probably. Come on." Steve nodded, leading Peter to his and Tony's bedroom. He knocked on the door and headed in once Tony responded.
Peter hung up and took a steadying breath. There was one good thing from this realization. It hadn't been his Dad. He now understood why his Dad hadn't apologized for the argument they'd had. His Dad hadn't been the one to argue with him. His Dad hadn't ignored his sign. That was nice to know, comforting even. But now, Peter had to deal with this, whatever this was.
Peter cried against Tony. His head pressed close to the arc reactor, listening to the metallic echo of his heartbeat. He felt Tony's grip fade, then his mask was pulled off. Peter understood quickly. Tony was hiding the mask, keeping his identity secret. "Come on, Roo." Tony pulled him to the car. "In, kid. I've got you." They got in and Tony pulled Peter close. He kissed the top of his head and ruffled his hair. "Hap, take us home. Hey, baby, I've got you. I'm here."
Well, for most parents there was nothing worse than the idea of losing their child or their child being in pain... That might punch it up. A couple screams...yeah. That could work. That meant he needed the kid before he could send this but...still. It'd probably be better that way.
"Don't be a party pooper, J. Send me the details in the morning. I've got special alone time planned with my honey and dinner to have with my family."
Maggie rushed to them. "Hey, it's okay, I'm going to help you." She coughed. "We gotta get out of here fast, okay? I know you're scared. Is that your little sister or brother?"
"Yeah," Ned nodded. "If you go through the main doors, take a left at the first hall. It's toward the end, before the stairs on the right."
Maggie's head throbbed. Something felt wrong. It took her a moment to wade through the daze. Her gloves were gone. And her watch wasn't on her wrist.
"Fight at SI. We started heading that way, but there were already...things blowing up. So I sent us back, gave us a head start. We might get there in time to see it start if we hurry. It might let us stop whatever this is before it gets crazy."
Maggie nodded and picked up her two other bags. It wasn't unlike heading to Professor X's academy like she'd done years before. "I'm gonna be fine."
The meeting itself would be tense, especially since Obie was nowhere to be seen, therefore a fucking wild card. But Tony knew this wouldn't be good. This was going to be ugly, even if they wore smiles while they tried to use and abuse him. JARVIS was still coming up against a brick wall in Obie's defenses, which meant he likely had help covering his tracks...or he made sure his business dealings were handled in a way that wasn't electronically available to begin with.
"Now you're trying to distract me." Peter said. "Really, what's up? Are you feeling okay? Any problems from the fight?"
Maggie wanted Wade and Ness and Strange. She was scared. She didn't even know who this guy was. Why was he doing this? She wished Strange were there. She didn't want to be alone.
"Well, that's changed now. You've been awake over two days that I know of. And you were fighting before that. You NEED to sleep."
"Shit! SLOW DOWN FOR FUCKS SAKE!" Maggie shouted. Probably using her power to slow someone down. "Sorry, um, Broadway and Gates. Do you know where that is?"
Peter smiled when he saw Happy on the stairs. Peter pulled from Flash's grip easily and skipped down the stairs with Ned.
Strange made a noise of affirmation from where he sat between the two beds. "I took the time to read his file-"
"Mr. Stane was talking to Tracy when I walked in. He must be looking for a power source of some kind. Because Tracy wouldn't shut up about me. She started talking about the power source I'm working on. He seemed interested."
Maggie tried to pull on her powers. Tried to go back in time. She couldn't grasp it. She didn't even know which way was up. How was she supposed to use her powers if she could barely make her mind function?
"He's adorable, that has no baring on the performance delivered. Honestly. Just because Rose is cute doesn't make her a good companion."
"Nothing wrong with fighting back, Mags. Protect yourself." Wade said, then smiled. "My girl stabbed an Avenger."
Strange put a hand on her shoulder, but Peter thought the movement was weird. The way he lowered his arm, it hovered for the slightest second before it landed on Maggie. It was...telegraphed. Strange's movements around her were telegraphed. Almost unnoticeable, but Peter saw it. Strange looked her up and down with those sharp gray-blue eyes. "You look alright."
Tony gently played with Peter's hair. "I'm sorry. I really didn't see it coming. I'm always careful, but it just happened."
"Hey, it's fine." Peter assured her. She tended to be hard on herself. They weren't in 'professional' ballet classes. They were more in the 'advanced recreational' classes. It wasn't like it was a dance or get kicked to the curb situation. They were just there to have fun. "Don't worry. You need to get better, so no stress on that, okay?"
The drones shifted upwards to attack the god, but it was already too late. The hammer came down and the drones dropped after being struck by lightning.
"Just...don't invite your dad. There's enough chaotic energy in here." Tony said gesturing around the room.
Maggie sighed. "Do you know why I jumped on board with helping you on this as soon as Lizzy told me she got hurt?"
"That's normal." He stood. "Just eyeballing the blood here, and you're probably down at least a unit of it, you need stitches and you need to get cleaned up so you don't get an infection. You need some air too." He stepped forward and put a hand gently on her shoulder. "I can stay here with you and let them do their job, or I can do it myself."
Steve's heart filled with warmth. Both his boys. So kind and caring. They were heroes even without their suits. "That's amazing."
Peter blushed and headed to the elevator. He could hear Wade laughing quietly. And Strange scolding him quietly. "You're such a child, Wilson."
"Not that impressive. I still balance out. Low reading level, high math level. I meet in the middle."
Weird, Peter thought, but didn't question it. He ran to his own room to get changed out of his suit. He made it back before she did. "Thanks, Dad."
Vanessa returned to her spot next to Maggie, taking her hand. "She'll be happy that he's safe now. Every time she's been up, she asks about him."
She focused and saw him in a small space cramped near wooden rafters? Near a roof? He was hiding somewhere. Safe. He should be okay.
Peter got into the elevator and headed up to the lab. On internship days Peter spent some time in the lower labs, but most of it in Tony's lab. They had to keep up appearances, after all. The SI employees knew about the contest, so it was expected that a teen show up to help every now and then. Peter'd even made a few friends. He didn't mind working in the lower labs. He preferred working with Tony, but since he was on bedrest, it really was for the better that Peter spend time in the lower labs, instead of being upstairs encouraging Tony to be on his feet when he should be resting. The doors opened up to one of the lower labs and Peter stepped in. "Hey, what're we doing...today?" Peter froze as his spidersense went off like crazy.
Maggie closed her eyes and touched the time stone. She instantly felt cut away from reality, from any sense and logic. But she held firm to her own mind. Her thoughts. She couldn't have direct contact with the stone very long, it was too easy for her to lose herself to the whims of wibbly wobbly time. She found Peter though, in the warehouse, hurt and scared. Then she turned. Searching single-mindedly.
"Well, we're going to have to put you under. There will be some implants. We can use artificial nerves to connect you to the prosthesis. Once we have those in, along with some caps...you'll be able to put on whatever set feels best for you, from what you and your dad make." Dr. Cho nodded. "I've been with a few people who've gotten your dad's prosthetics. They say it feels as close to the real thing as they know. But it's all your choice."
"Oh, okay. Yeah, sure. I mean, it's a Saturday, right?" That was normal and typical Saturday thing for them. So she wouldn't be bothering him. "Sure."
"Hello, Peter. It's getting late. You won't have much time for patrolling tonight, but where would you like to start?" Karen asked.
"She talks in her sleep when she has visions. I heard it a couple times. The first time she told me what she was getting for Christmas after she fell asleep on the couch." Vanessa said. "What did she just see?"
"Isabelle can't dance with me in the performance... She hurt her leg. But Maggie said she'd fill in. We practiced for the first time today. She's really talented and catching on quick so...maybe I'll still get to participate." Peter reported, hoping it would bring some sort of light to Steve.
Maggie nodded. "Mmhm." She sighed. "Anyway, wanted to say thanks. Even though you probably don't remember, I know you took a hit for me. I get all the stories now, about how much of a hero you are." She hopped down.
Peter didn't leave with his parents. He stuck around and waited to make sure Maggie woke up alright. Dr. Strange woke first. He got up and immediately looked at her IV bag. Then he looked down at her. He made a gesture with his hands and they went still. Gently, he started taking vitals. Somehow, he didn't even wake her up, even when he took her blood pressure, though, he face did scrunch a little. He listed to her heart and lungs with a stethoscope.
Peter didn't need to debate. "Talk to you later, Karen." He sighed before taking his mask off and shaking his hair out.
"Well, if Wong would get over his emo phase, he might have heard me knock." Maggie put her backpack down by the door.
Steve sighed and nodded. "It's his choice who he trusts. He's been burned enough by people he should have trusted."
"Still coming down from adrenaline. Well, while you're alert, what's wrong?" He eyed her, up and down. "Smoke inhalation, you should have an oxygen mask on. Are you all that incompetent?" He snapped.
That...was going to be a problem. This Dr. Strange guy was a bit of an unknown. But Beck had this feeling that he was not someone he wanted to mess with. That meant he'd have to be careful about WHEN he set his plans into motion. Or...maybe he just had to make a small adjustment or two...
"Annnnnnnnnnd I look good in red. Look, you two figure it out. I'm not picking a side. It's not fair." Peter raised his hands.
"Neither were we. But she's our girl. We figured it out...eventually." Vanessa stood up and looked down on Dr. Strange, a smirk on her face. "Wade wanted to me to tell you that he doesn't care what sort of shit you know. He wanted to let you know that he can't die and he'll keep coming back until you've been sliced into enough pieces that no one can put them back together again if you hurt our girl."
Maggie was on the floor in the corner, her head hidden against her knees. She was curled into a tiny ball, her arms over her head as if to protect it. Strange flicked on the lights. The room was empty.
"Peter, I can only do so much without you in the full suit. But there are no abnormalities that I can tell. It seems you're on the verge of a panic attack, however. I suggest calming, deep breaths."
Vanessa looked down at her phone and shook her head. "No. I'll try again." She wiped her face and stepped out of the room.
Tony flew to the church, carrying Steve. They both settled into the steeple and Tony stepped out of his suit. "Help me up."
"Ooh, coffee. You're the best." Tony grabbed it with his right hand and took a sip. "That's not coffee."
Dr. Strange looked up at the monster and huffed. This was bullshit. He sighed and revealed the time stone. He was going to undo all of the fire. Green glowed at his hands and he frowned. He felt a tug. That had been happening a lot lately. It seemed when he used the stone he could faintly feel Maggie's powers too. But this was enough.
"Yes." Peter answered simply. He didn't have the feeling like he was in danger, everything just felt wrong. So wrong. And THAT man standing at the desk, even if he looked exactly like his dad, WASN'T his dad, it wasn't.
"You don't have to go see him if you don't want to. You're what, fourteen like me? I'm sure you won't burn down your place."
Peter woke slowly. He hurt everywhere. His shoulder seemed mostly healed though. God, he wanted food. He was so damn hungry. It seemed a familiar sensation though, being hungry in the steeple. So familiar and lonely that he felt at peace with it. It wasn't one of those illusions. This was real. He was hungry, hiding alone.
Maggie laughed. Then looked at it. He'd thought to make sure that she'd be safe, even if her powers acted up. If he hadn't done that... She would have been dead and Peter...he might not have been found.
"What? I really like those things." Thor grumbled as he stepped out of the pantry. "Why is the young Peter on the ceiling? How is the young Peter on the ceiling?"
Glass shattered. Strange turned his head just in time to dodge a fist to the face. He waved his hand and the bug in blue and red was out of sight, out of mind. He did take a very firm hit from Maggie's staff though. Maybe she was getting stronger. Much harder and he might have had a fractured bone for his trouble, and it was sparring...she was holding back. He certainly was going to have bruises.
"Of course." Tony grinned. "Any time you need a hand, consider us a resource. I know you have your own resources."
"Yeah, he will, but I'm hoping he'll tell us...plus, we'll always know if he's ever in trouble." Steve leaned into Tony. "It's not ideal. Frankly, I wish we could have held him off, at least until he graduated, but...I can't ask him to be half of who he is. Just like I can't ask you to stop being Iron Man and you don't ask me to stop being Captain America. We can't be half of what we are, it'd drive us crazy."
"You're welcome. Dr. Cho said you'd be an excellent patient, unlike the rest of the Avenging idiots we normally get in here."
Maggie was awake, looking at him blearily. "I know this s'ory...I think." A frown filled her face. Then tears filled her eyes. "I can' 'member."
Maggie nodded, feeling useless. Then she saw red of danger surround her and Iron Man. She ducked under a kick then stood. Her body glowed green as she assessed what was happening.
"Okay. Laertes; time be thine, and thy best graces spend it at thy will. But now, my cousin Hamlet, and my son."
"That was borderline polite." Maggie laughed. Dr. Strange and Wade...didn't get along. At all. On the alignment chart Wade was Chaotic...well, just Chaotic. Dr. Strange was somewhere closer to Neutral, maybe lawful? Whatever they were, it didn't mesh well. "They're no where near strict, but they're protective and they want me to do well. We make it work."
Peter snorted. "She'd take offense." Then again, she tended to call him the Itsy Bitsy Spider, so it seemed fair.
Maggie's hands came up from under the blanket and took his hands, examining them, checking to see that the scars were real. "Mmhm." She decided after determining he was real.
Clint sighed. "Do all buildings from the fifties that are set to be demolished have Stark locks on the front door?" He asked, continuing his casual walk down the street.
Tony's head dropped. Any one of them could have been the one that took Peter. Any one of them could have changed cars at any one of those garages. There's be no way to know and...the number of possible cars just went up drastically. There'd be no way to tell for sure. It could be weeks, searching every location that every car went and that was if he was able to eliminate most of them first. "What else do we have, J?"
"Hey, kid." Tony came through and ruffled his hair. "I hope that's water and not sweat, kiddo." He leaned forward and sniffed. "Shampoo. I'm good. How was today?"
"Ugh." Peter groaned. He had one. He'd had one since he got the internship. Once he'd been adopted he didn't need it. JARVIS knew him on sight and allowed him access to every place Tony deemed appropriate. "You gotta lay off of me."
Peter sent him a heart and crossed the street, rushing to Maggie. He turned the corner. "Maggie, are you okay?"
"You're kind of an asshole, aren't you?" Tony asked, half-teasing. Then he realized he might have just offended the man who helped get his son back to full health, sans three fingers.
"I call Nat and Clint, ask them if they can keep an eye on him for a while." Steve nodded and turned to Peter. "You won't even notice they're there. Promise."
"Oh, yeah. Definitely. I like the story arcs there too. Felt wrapped up tighter." She nodded, stepping up next to him.
"I could, but then how would I annoy you by NOT training? Wong is obviously slacking. He said he was going to play Friday every time you walked into a room."
"You scared the fuck out of us, Reese." Wade said, ruffling her hair. "Glad to see some color in your cheeks."
"Well, shit. This means war." Peter pointed to her. He thought for a moment. Then proceeded to dance the Single Ladies.
Somewhere, inside, he heard someone threatening him by killing Maggie. But if she was there, he'd be able to hear her too, right? If the alarms were going off, she'd probably react to that.
"I'm not her parent." Strange protested. "She had a vision where she was alone and scared. If she ends up in a place where tech can't find her, I want something I can trust to get the job done."
Strange glowered at him. "You know what I mean. She really should be in school. That Wade Wilson lets her get away with far too much. She could make so much more progress with a little more structure, focus. Her symptoms would be manageable if she would just get her powers and mind in check, trained to work together."
"I'm going to try to...simplify this so we can all be on the same page. The big words I've got will just leave us both confused and we don't need that, okay?" He forced a smile, then leaned forward.
"Hey, tin can! Why don't you play nice? There are people down here." Peter latched onto a building and saw, thankfully, he'd put a dent in the suit. It wasn't enough, but maybe a few heavy blows near the power source would shut the guy down. He just had to be smart and get close. Good thing Maggie was good at helping him find openings.
"Spiderman?" A breathless voice called. "Hey, uh, got time to swing by Brooklyn?" There was a yelp and a shout.
"We can talk about this later, yeah? Make sure you eat, bud. And get some rest, school's bright and early tomorrow."
"Ah-ah." The man in gold pressed a knife to Maggie's throat, blood began to slowly run down her skin. "Behave, little spider."
"I wasn't in my head, blood loss and all. Didn't feel up to complaining at that time. Now, I've got a backlog to get through."
I'm still haven't become a doctor between the last few chapters. I did a bit of research. It's probably not all accurate, but hey, I tried. Okay? Let's all pretend.
Maggie hung up and looked at the bag she had packed. "He's just making sure I don't die." That was all this was. A doctor making sure a patient didn't get an infection while left unattended for a few days. That's all. She just needed to stay small and out of the way. He had better things to be doing.
Steve couldn't agree more. Unfortunately trauma didn't vanish because you wanted it to. He'd been there himself. Freaked out when the temperature dropped too cold. And he'd once run Tony a bath only to end up dealing with a terrified, freaked out genius for thirty minutes. Trauma popped up when it did. He hated seeing the redness on Peter's face. The sunken look of his eyes. The poor boy had cried himself to sleep.
"If Peter works here then his plans are probably accessible in the system." Steve shrugged. "I mean, I'm not good with tech, but Stane would be able to find it. That or he'd send goons, something more subtle than a suit. If you hide Peter then you're giving up a little advantage, plus if you hide him it could just show Stane that he's more than an intern, which would paint a bigger target on Peter's back." Steve had a thoughtful look on his face. "If I were Stane, I'd use my position as an advantage. To him Stark Tower is home base. Why risk being caught snatching a kid in broad daylight if you can use goons to get him in the tower or just steal the information from the database?"
"Yeah. Taking a break." Peter hadn't started patrolling yet. He wanted a moment to calm down and breathe first. "Saw you on Sunday."
"Look, Maggie. If you're not comfortable going because you don't trust him, then don't go. Stay home. But if you're worried about going because you think you're a burden, don't worry about that. He would have said 'no' if he was busy." Peter said. "Look, I know you think he's cool. And you seem to trust him. So...go. You'll be fine. And if you're not. Your friendly neighborhood super-friend also has super parents and I'm just a call away if you need help or a place to crash. Seriously, we have a guest bedroom my Zio Rhodey uses sometimes. Super comfy."
Peter groaned. His head hurt. He tried to shake off the drowsiness and fog from his brain. His eyes opened. Something was...wrong. "May?" This couldn't be real. He had to still be dreaming.
It was literally an alley around the corner. He told her he'd be there soon. He, thankfully, had study hall for last period. He stepped out into the hallway.
Steve laughed and sent him a text back, then asked if there was anything specific he wanted. A camera flashed and Steve sighed. He was used to it at this point, but he wished it wasn't common. Being a superhero meant people gawked and took pictures. Since coming out and being with Tony, that had only gotten worse, but it was worth it in Steve's opinion.
"Captain Rogers, two people are trying to enter the building. One is threatening violence against Mr. Hogan."
Strange wasn't sure how much comfort that could be though, considering he didn't know what it actually was.
"Not for two enhanced people and an engineer who needs to eat more often." Steve laughed. "Get cleaned up, we'll get this knocked out together."
"To convince people, sorry the animals, to...basically do whatever...um, shit what's his name...uhh Napoleon! wants them to do. He's a mouthpiece."
Maggie shook her head. She was going to throw up. She didn't want to, but she didn't think she could take a step without throwing up. She couldn't open her mouth to tell him either, that would be really bad.
Maggie grit her teeth. She felt blood drip from her fingers. She was going to get out if she had to carve it out herself. She had to help the others. Stop this madness.
Maggie smiled shyly. "I'm glad you liked it. I just got Dad to play Pokemon for the first time. It was great."
Peter huffed and followed her. "Karen, connect me to Dad. I need to make sure he's okay." Peter could hear it, the sound of whirring. Repulsors. Was it his dad or...Stane?
"Comes with the territory. You and I both have that problem. We sense danger all the time. If we didn't have over thinking problems or anxiety, I think we'd have something really wrong with us."
Peter avoided her a little longer, getting closer. "Can you use these tears to put out the fires in my soul?" Peter tentatively reached for Maggie.
The man walked into Mr. Stane's office. "Mr. Stane, I'm a bit surprised you called me up here. What can I do for you?"
"Alright, we're going to fix that. Got to stick you a few more times though, can you deal with that?"
"Just have a few questions about your boss: Stark. Play nice and nothing bad will happen to you, kid."
Peter gently reached out and patted the cape. It seemed like a very nice...sentient...floaty...piece of fabric. "I thought my kind of weird was...strange."
"I don't doubt that." He just didn't think she was pushed to her true potential. "Come on, food." He ladled out a bowl of ramen for her and put it on the end of the bar.
That...wasn't what she expected. No wonder she'd felt the vibe to wear it that day. She wished her powers would have warned her better, but they at least made sure she took a way out with her. "In'er-dimensional lo'ation services?"
"I've treated Margaret personally. She will be fine. She needs rest, not you being loud. Once I am finished with her treatment, you'll see her. She's doing fine. She'll heal well. But I need to finish, got it?"
The alert was loud. Steve frowned down at his phone. An Assemble call. It had gone out to himself, Clint, Thor, and Bruce. Nat had sent it. Steve turned to find the nearest TV.
Peter shrugged and rubbed the back of his neck. "Good. I'm settling in. It's getting easier. Still weird sometimes."
"Martin, right?" Beck asked, then smiled. "She's been very naughty. Help us with the transfer then do whatever you want with her...just dump the body somewhere inconspicuous when you're done."
"Always." Wade promised, kissing her neck. Vanessa grabbed her bag and headed for the elevator. Wade patted Maggie's arm gently. "You stabbed Hawkeye right?"
"I'm a doctor. I...sometimes stalk medical histories for fun." The last time she'd been injured he may have glanced at her chart. Maybe. He was a doctor, he got nosy. "It's even more fun when it's rare blood types."
Strange frowned. The wound looked mostly clean, what he could see of it. It was across her ribs. Part of it was under the band of her bra. He didn't touch her. "I need you to lift this out of the way and hold it for me, you don't have to take it off, it just needs to be out of the way." The girl bit her lip, closed her watering eyes, then lifted the band of the sports bra up toward her armpit. It did nothing to reveal her in any way, but it got the cut in plain view. "Right there works perfect." He didn't want to have to cut it or remove it. But if she couldn't keep it out of the way it would have to be taken off. It was no issue to him. He was a doctor. He'd seen more people in states of undress than he could even count. Bodies were bodies. It was what it was, everyone had one. He knew that wasn't Maggie's view of it though. If he could manage it, he'd let her keep as much privacy as possible.
It was over an hour before the pain lessened enough for her to sleep...or maybe she'd just given in to exhaustion. He hoped her pain was less. His hands ached, but he kept rubbing her head gently, hoping it could help.
"We know...when Peter made it to the church. We SAW him. He was there a couple hours before we got there."
"Is it Peter?" Strange asked, looking for the connection. Something had taken her from one place to the other. There had to be some connection. Some logical leap.
Maggie smiled. "This is yours. You've got this, just go out there and make them feel what you feel."
"No, no, no. Don't... Don't go. MAY!" He ran through the street. He dodged cars and pushed through the people on the corner. He followed his aunt where she'd walked down an alleyway.
"The boy's being moved up to Tony's personal lab next week." Quentin said as he sat across from Obadiah. "It seems Stark has an idea about what you're trying to accomplish."
He leaned forward, fish bowl extremely close. "Then it will hurt a lot. Because I don't NEED you in good shape. I happen to have a soft spot for Peter. He'll probably make it out okay if he's a good boy and behaves. But you? Anything is on the table. And well, if anyone's alerted somehow and shit goes south...I wipe you and your friend out. Simple. Clean." The bowl tilted to the side. "And when I say anything can happen. I mean it. I think you know exactly what I mean. We brought a little friend with us. I'd love for you to get reacquainted."
"I'm not stupid." Helen shook her head. "Don't worry, I'll go fix the 'super villain' and keep my mouth shut." She whispered. "He'll be fine." She walked into the OR.
"Yeah, well, his last foster parents starved him, they didn't allow him to eat. And then he was homeless and didn't have enough. So you threatening him for eating food hits home for him."
"Thanks, Fri." Peter said. It felt weird...not talking to JARVIS. JARVIS though was gone. He frowned and got showered and dressed before heading out to the dinning room. "Hey, guys."
She patted his shoulder with a gloved hand. "If I didn't trust you, you'd know. You don't freak me out. I've gotten pretty good at judging people, danger sense or not." She stood up. She washed the dishes, but didn't know where they went, so left them in the strainer. Then went to her room. She got out her old gameboy out. Nurse Joy had stirred up her hankering for a new game of pokemon.
Maggie wasn't going to try them on. It would require her to take off her current set. "I'm sure they're perfect." Her phone went off. "Um, sorry." She picked it up. She'd set an alert on her phone for any update from Hong Kong. After the few hours of reprieve...it was under attack again. An image showed a fiery beast standing in the streets. In the background she could see a whole blown in the side of a building with a familiar window. She felt her eyes water, and dabbed at the corners of them quickly. "Sorry."
Peter took it and opened it, taking a drink. Somehow, it was still half-chilled. Happy was the best at it. Tony and Steve always had snacks and drinks within reach. But Happy, he always kept a couple different snacks and cold drinks in whatever car he was driving. And he always seemed to KNOW what Peter wanted or needed, like he had his own spidersense. Peter took a few slow breaths and another drink. His throat didn't feel so tight anymore, though his stomach continued to feel uneasy.
Peter swung through the city and landed on a building. He tilted his head to the side and looked across the narrow street. "Hey! Reset!"
Peter swung home with a smile. "Fri, can you let me in?" The window opened. Peter climbed in and ducked inside. "Brr, it's cold. Thanks, Fri."
Strange reached a shaky hand and grabbed the necklace on the bedside table. "Thought it might be weird... I hoped to never have to use it, but you were getting stronger and I though 'what if she gets stuck in a time loop or end up in the future or past?' so... I wanted to be able to find you if something happened with your powers...turns out it worked for something else." He frowned.
"That's what I need you to figure out. Solve that question and you and I can both get rid of a thorn in our side. You can even get full funding for the rest of your project."
"One can only play so much video games. I'm athletic, I like being active." Maggie brushed her hair behind her ear. "I've beaten three FNAF games, beat two Pokemon games, played enough Dark Souls to want to strangle someone, beat Dragon Age, and I should probably paying Notch a therapist's wage, because Minecraft is one of the few things keeping my sanity in one piece while I sit around doing nothing."
Maggie's eyes shifted and she saw them next to her bed. They both had red-rimmed eyes. She could sort of feel pressure on her arm. It wasn't enough to tell. "Real?" Her voice sounded raspy and awful, even to her own ears. Like she's swallowed nails before talking.
But the bad guys had known that...hadn't they? That's why they'd been distracting him. Was Hong Kong still on fire or had it stopped once he'd left? He...didn't have the energy yet to check in with Wong. He wanted to be there for Maggie.
"Says the ex-super villain." Maggie said with a smile. "To be fair, your rep is getting a little better."
He opened the door and let her step in first. He caught her looking down for some reason. It wasn't like his old apartment. But it was an apartment. Brick walls, a fireplace. A kitchen, two bathrooms, two bedrooms, a living room. Not so much a dining room, but he had chairs at the bar. It was neat. He liked to keep things clean. He didn't want her to feel that pressure though.
It took her a moment, but she lifted her untangled hand. She frowned when it took her a couple tries to grab a piece, but he was glad to see that improvement in her dexterity. She took one and sighed in quiet relief. "W-Where is Wade and N-Ness?"
"I'd stop if I were you." Was her voice, familiar? Her hair was... wait. That auburn color was familiar.
"Infection's no joke. Seriously, they wouldn't even make you take off your mask, Reese." Peter promised.
"Okay. So maybe an LMD." Steve nodded. "But you'll be able to tell, at least. But where were you today? JARVIS couldn't find you, so where'd you go?"
Peter felt goosebumps raise on his arms. Something was wrong. He didn't feel like he was in danger, but he felt like something was off. He turned and looked at Tony. He didn't feel as mad this time, his dad was on light duty, but still, he wished he was still resting. "Hey, Mr. Stark. How's it going?"
Peter hoped he could use some of that money to help fund making his power sources. They could help out a lot for people who didn't have electricity. He wanted to start with the homeless shelters and half-way houses in New York though. He knew what those were like. The half-way house he'd been sent to hadn't had reliable electricity.
Was she embarrassed about reading a kids book? Why? Peter still read them. They were great. Then...his mind clicked. Was she embarrassed because it was her first time reading them? "Oh. Awesome! Goblet of Fire is my favorite. Lemme know what you think about them, okay?"
Maggie lifted hers and touched his tentatively, as if checking on something, then she lowered her hand and relaxed. "Yeah?"
They were practicing their sparring. None of them were in their full suits. Nat, of course, was armed to the teeth and had her bites on. Peter only had his webshooters, not the suit. Steve had his shield and his bracer. That was it. Tony was particularly upset that Steve wasn't in his full suit, claiming he wanted a chance to see 'America's ass in full glory.' Steve had laughed.
Strange sighed and looked up in the corner, where a camera recorded. "They could. They seem to have unfettered access to technology. I'd rather take her somewhere where that doesn't matter. I don't want them to find her again. They'll kill her."
Peter froze. Then he shook his head. "No. That's...that's not right. I was on floor sixteen. I was. I know it." But did he? It had taken him two interactions to realize that Not-Tony wasn't Tony. But he'd been on floor sixteen a lot, before Obie had found out about his project. "Has JARVIS been hacked?"
"Riiiiight." Maggie deadpanned. She knew she could. She knew there was a brick that she could loosen... Would she really kill someone to escape this room? Could she? "What do you want?"
Peter didn't feel his spidersense going off. And he heard Tony's heartbeat echo metallically. THIS Tony was real. His dad was real, that he knew for sure. Then he turned to Steve. "What movie was the last movie that was on on Christmas morning?"
"Yeah." Maggie nodded. "I kinda want a change from New York for a bit." She couldn't SEE danger lines, but she always felt like she was being watched still. She knew it was paranoia, but she'd really like to not feel that for a while. Even if it was a short time. Plus, sometimes she felt like she was losing her mind. She once walked through a door finding herself stepping into a completely different time in place. It had taken her five minutes to realize she was in a vision and hadn't just stepped through a portal. "My head had been really spazzy too. I have to fix that."
"Whenever Ned and I argue, we get to change the names in each others contacts. I changed all his contacts to JarJar once. It was cool." Peter held out his hand. "Come on, gimme."
"Strange." Hamir responded. His eyes narrowed and he looked at Maggie, tilting his head to the side. Then he looked at Strange. "She needs control."
"You don't screen my calls anymore, got it?" Maggie poked his shoulder. "It's a nine-hour difference, but still, don't screen my calls."
"Oh, as soon as evidence dropped against Obie, I had to be ready to snatch up what he stole from me. Thankfully, JARVIS never sleeps, unlike me."
"Seems to be going around." She frowned, then gave him a soft smile. "Hope you feel better." She finished stretching out, then switched legs.
Maggie left the spare room, leaving the bedroom door open. She left her hair down, messy waves fell over her shoulders. She probably should have brushed it after letting it down, but...whatever, she'd deal with the knots the next day.
He glanced at the door to the practice room. It was open. Usually she could close it. Today, she kept it open, as if needing a way out. "I get it. If you don't want to do it today, that's cool."
"Okay. I can do that." He ruffled her hair gently. Then his whole demeanor changed as he turned to the nearest nurse. "I need a sterile suture kit, lidocaine, antibiotics, and something to change into that's not street clothes for me, as well as some shorts that will fit a young woman." He walked away from her and spoke to a nurse.
"Sure thing, Dad." Wong rolled his eyes, but took the pendant and rope from Stephen's trembling fingers. "There's nothing wrong with caring for a person, Strange."
"He's going to give me driving lessons. Papa, thankfully was a little more chill about presents...though...he got me a Harley. And I don't know what to do with it."
"No, he doesn't." Nat sighed. She kept her face on Peter, but softened her voice toward Thor. "Peter was in the foster system and homeless before Steve and Tony adopted him."
"Dr. Christine Palmer, used to work with Dr. Strange. Now...I'm taking care of children in an alternate dimension and I'm...so very confused, but here for it." She shrugged, pulling the needle and heading to wash up. "Alright. Let's see the damage."
"I'm gonna go get all the food. I'll try to save some for you. No promises." She poked her dad's arm.
Strange raised his hands in surrender and watched. The food was eaten by the time the episode was over. Maggie didn't seem to notice when he shut it off. She was staring at the window. "Margaret?"
"To Napoleon the other animals are things, stepping stones meant to serve and elevate him. They're things, props to his power." Strange shrugged. "Once he'd worked as hard as he could, his only worth to the pigs was disposal. He made them money by being sold for glue...by dying."
The hit never met him. Tony blinked. Blue was between him and Stane. He'd recognize that ass anywhere. His comms crackled to life, automatically connecting to Steve. "Hey, honey."
Maggie tried to smile, but wasn't sure it worked. She couldn't feel her face. She almost wanted to laugh. Would Wade sing the song if she hummed it? Could she hum? She wasn't sure her throat could make those noises right now.
"Fair enough. You did call me Reese's Puff on that humid day when my hair got all...fluffy." Maggie laughed. "Frenemies it is." She did a rendition of one-two-step so well that Peter could practically hear the music playing.
The question was answered for him when he heard repulsors. Tony vaguely heard JARVIS call out a warning to him and all the other occupants. Tony ducked as the side of the building exploded.
"That she is. She's a cutie too. Did you see how Peter looked at her? That was adorable." Tony grinned.
"He lashed out at me, in front of everyone. And I asked him to stop and he just...didn't. He said something that really bothered me and then... It was just hurtful, and he didn't even stop or ask why or say sorry or anything. He was just mean. It worries me. It's got me all messed up."
Steve couldn't close his eyes. He could only sit there and watch over his son. Steve couldn't think of anything that would convince him to leave Peter's side.
"Me neither, Mr. Stane, me neither." Beck grinned and put the power source on his desk. He stood and nodded. "Pleasure doing business with you. Please do give him hell for me."
Strange took a shaky breath. There had to be something, some way to know where they were. "...Vanessa, was she wearing a necklace when she left?"
He turned and opened a portal. The lighting on the other side was completely different. More mid-day, less early morning.
"Want to call your Dad and Pops? They'll want to hear you're okay. I let them know I got you, but they'll probably feel better hearing from you." Happy reminded, gently, as if Peter hadn't been on the edge of a panic attack on the mere mention of his previous starved state. He'd thought he was getting better about it, then things like that happened.
"Maggie, I know how you are. You need to pack more. Good golly, not even your favorite pillow? What are you doing with your life?" She shook her head, grabbed another bag and started filling it.
"Oh, my girl, I loved you in Star Wars and V for Vendetta. You're a queen, like almost Pepper Potts level QUEEN. I can't believe I'm frenemies with an actress. Dude, did you know you totally look like Thor's girlfriend?"
Steve nodded and smiled at Peter, but answered Tony's question aloud. "He's...he's going to be fine. He's in a chair, looks like vibranium. It's all over him. I won't be able to get it off."
That was good, she was calming. Being calm would be important to her, to controlling the power rather than being controlled by it. Though she still looked startled. "What do you see?"
Maggie settled in. The food really was delicious. Strange, after the episode ended, started asking her questions about Hamlet. Weirdly, she found herself remembering better. She got most of the questions right. Maybe reading aloud did help. She quickly finished the food and sighed.
"Yeah. Sorry. Didn't realize I was that tired." She sighed and looked at the building. "But hey, it's not gonna collapse. Yay."
Peter walked from Happy's car towards his school and paused when his phone rang. That wasn't normal. His old phone would get spam calls, but since he'd gotten a Stark Phone that hadn't happened. Who else called? Even Steve texted most the time. Peter picked up his phone and saw Maggie's picture on the screen. That made sense, it was too early for her to text. He answered and put it to his ear. "Hey, Maggie."
Strange froze. How long had they been watching them? What...what was safe to talk about then? What could he say to prove who he was?
"No. It's not a toy, Margaret, and it's not some magic power-up for you to use when you're stuck." Dr. Strange rubbed his temples. "You are plenty strong on your own. And with focus and training, you can get better, I know you can."
He sighed and looked at both kids. He shifted and leaned back in his chair. It wasn't natural, the way his body dropped. Steve had a feeling that the man wasn't truly sleeping. Though his body was limp, Steve had the idea that somehow Strange was still perfectly alert.
"I'm glad you'll still get to dance. Tony and I are super excited to see it, bud." Steve smiled gently and ruffled his hair. He took a deep breath and then sighed.
"I agree. I've been doing this a long time and I can barely pick my top five favorites." Maggie shrugged.
