“This is what I wanted to show you”, he says, turning his eyes back to Steve’s face. “You’re like art, honey.”
”Will you listen to me
”What?” His first thought is that Pepper’s talking about Steve’s depression, but it would be an odd thing to bring up now. Besides, Pepper should be aware that Steve had been better for months before Thanos.
”Steve, you haven’t let me touch you for weeks –”
feel. Tony doesn’t seem displeased, but as Steve looks at the blood still oozing faintly from Tony’s neck, he feels a sting in his chest. He wants to heal it, but he can’t, so he licks Tony’s neck instead, moving his tongue gently on the bruised skin.
”On your knees”, he tells him.
Steve rolls his eyes. ”Uh-huh.”
”A reason to leave this room, yes, please.”
Tony’s expression freezes.
”Alpha”, Steve uttered in between his moans, his ass tightening around Tony’s cock, trying to pull the half-formed knot past his rim.
”I know”, Steve stopped Tony’s reassuring, light voice, but couldn’t stop his own from turning brittle. ”I know.”
There’s war, there’s going into the ice and waking up 70 years later. There’s some baggage involving his parents and his childhood in general, and even more baggage concerning the way his body was changed. But on every session, Steve finds himself eventually coming back to Tony and what happened between them after the Accords.
”You’re on that alien ship”, Steve says, not hearing himself. He’s already thinking of his next step; how is he going to get up there?
”Doesn’t matter”, he muses simply. ”You love him.”
The Audi finally stops at a remote, empty parking lot. You would expect one of them to comment the fact somehow, but neither of them does. They just sit there, the rain drumming the roof of the car. Despite everything, it’s a comfortable silence and it gently waits until they are ready.
”He got me to believe that everything would be all right.”
His knot has settled, securing them together, and it’s wonderfully quiet, the nearing morning fuss a faraway thought in both of their minds. The morning sun is flowing in through the open blinds, warming Tony’s back and saturating the room with springlike light. Tony pulls Steve softly by the shoulder so that he’s able to press his lips to Steve’s, and Steve’s hand comes up to frame Tony’s face, his fingers brushing the shell of his ear as they share an unhurried, tender kiss. Tony feels so grateful, so whole, as the sensation of Steve’s lips against his travels through his body and settles into his stomach, enwrapping him in its safe and familiar hold. They’re locked together in every sense, and Tony doesn’t know where he ends and Steve begins, nor does he care.
much that his legs shake with need. He’s just about to break and beg but then there’s a lewd sound of spitting and Steve can feel it running down his crack, towards his hole, and then Tony sucks him right at the spot and Steve moans in relief.
”Damn”, he mutters. ”Next time I’ll –”
”There’s no breakfast”, it informs them. You could also tell that it is Emmett from the fact that he doesn’t even try the handle, whereas Kieran would’ve already started a riot against getting locked out of his parents’ bedroom.
But as Tony takes the shampoo bottle into his hand again, Steve moves away, scooting to the other side of the big tub.
”Right. I’m sorry.”
”You know what I like. But –”
“I think I told you a little lie earlier.”
”It’s okay, we’re okay, we’re here now”, Tony tries, but he’s weak from emotion and his throat feels tight.
Tony looks at Steve.
Tony laughed, relaxed and feeling much better than he’d had an hour ago. Still exhausted, though. As he rubbed his face tiredly, Steve huddled close enough to press his nose against his neck. They were silent for a long time until Steve’s stomach growled loudly.
”That was nice of you”, he says.
”Well, if you like”, Tony answered.
”How have you been, Steve? Do you have pains?”
”Nice to meet you. Peter, right?” he asks.
”Don’t”, he answers weakly, grimacing.
”Tony, I –” he tries, but the words get stuck into his throat.
”Excuse me?”
Steve doesn’t want to talk about it. It’s not that anything in particular had happened, it’s just that he wants to finally leave it all behind them. The wars, the stones, trips through time and space, Thanos. All of it.
With his heart in his throat, Steve watches Tony pick up the phone and put it on speaker.
Steve slides to the floor with a grunt. He starts pumping himself again, but it’s no good. He feels so guilty, his mind going back to Kieran, to the ashes that were Bucky two seconds ago flying in the wind, to the phone call getting cut before Tony can finish his sentence.
It wasn’t that Tony was intimidated. He didn’t expect Steve to really lose control; the omega would never hurt him, at least not intentionally. Tony just needed to establish his own control so their efforts wouldn’t turn into chaos, because in the worst case scenario they might mess up one of their precious chances for conceiving.
”Christ, you’re pretty”, Tony says after a moment, shaking his head a little. Steve clears his throat, feeling a blush creeping up his neck.
Steve’s instantly back awake. He doesn’t know if’s he’s more afraid that it isn’t Tony or that it is.
He has been so absorbed in his depression that he’s just been letting it grow like the piece of shit he already knows he is. His eyes fling open at the realisation and he jumps out of the bed, storming to the bathroom.
”My beautiful alpha”, he mutters, placing a kiss to the notch between Tony’s collarbones, then to his lips. As they open their eyes after, Steve gets caught looking at Tony’s eyes, especially his lower eyelashes that create a gorgeous dark frame under his eyes.
”No. I sent them to college. Thought it was high time”, Steve answers dryly, not taking his eyes off the window.
”It’s okay”, Tony insists, and tries to walk, lurching forward uncontrollably. Steve sweeps him into a bridal carry, leaving Tony no choice but to hold onto him.
Someone’s hovering above him, but Steve doesn’t quite register who before a certain scent reaches him and occupies his mind completely.
”Give me your wrists, Steve”, Tony tells him then, and Steve’s brain can barely tell his arms to do that. Tony pins his wrists together behind his back and picks up his pace again.
”Steve”, Nat says his name suddenly. There’s a strain in her voice.
She shrugs. ”Works for me.”
”No”, he admits, his brain ticking. Maybe there’s something in the medical bay that’ll give him a clue what’s been going on with Steve, like notes or test results. He shifts to get up from his chair, then turns back to Pepper. ”When was this?”
”I don’t want to hurt you”, he says and it’s absurd how it feels like a bad thing to say.
”, Steve goes on, more silently now, holding Tony close to him. It’s like every thrust is making him more and more emotional now, once again, and Tony guesses, rightly so, that he’s probably close. So he pushes himself up to see Steve properly and give him some space.
”You wouldn’t”, Nat finishes for him understandingly.
As soon as the thought came to him he felt an electric feedback strike him through his bond with Steve, like Steve had felt him thinking. An even more obvious sign of Steve sensing his thoughts was the way he let his weight balance on the leg he had over Tony and climbed astride him, nuzzling his face against Tony’s chest.
Some part of Tony had already come back to himself when Steve’s arms wrapped around him, his nose brushing Tony’s cheek as he turned his head.
“Like a clockwork”, he mutters, obviously pleased. “But let’s not stop while we’re having so much fun.”
He’s sad, but doesn’t completely perceive the reason for it at the moment. Everything is a blur, there’s just the heat and the need to be knotted, and as soon as his breath steadies a little, he starts another round with the toy.
Despite what they’re missing, it feels like home.
“Ties open”, his voice commands, and the cuffs around Steve’s wrists click open, leaving him free to move. Or he would be, if it wouldn’t be under Tony’s jurisdiction in any case, ties or not.
by Carol.
“I love you”, he whispers, and only then does he realize what he’s done. Tony’s smile slowly fades, and Steve pulls his digits back to himself, slight panic rising in his brain. It’s the first time either of them has said it aloud.
There’s an empty urn on the self next to a Bible, and Emmett is the only reason Steve doesn’t wish he had turned into ashes himself. Emmett, and the hope that Tony is still out there somewhere.
Steve nodded shakily, a little confused. Tony sucked his earlobe into his mouth.
He should, really, he should, but he can’t. So, he tells Steve that he can go back to their old bedroom – Tony hasn’t been able to sleep there since what happened, and he won’t now. He’s inhabited a room from the other side of the mansion and that’s where he’ll stay.
Tony gave him a fond look.
Tony’s hand slid up Steve’s torso possessively, his hips rolling against him teasingly.
Thor lays his hand to Steve’s stomach and Steve screams until he’s finally blessed with losing consciousness.
”It hurts”, he admits wearily. ”It hurt so much I finally fainted from it. I remember now.”
He brings his arm over Steve, sliding it down to his stomach. Tony wouldn’t bet on it, but he thinks that Steve’s body has gotten slightly more soft lately. There’s not any excess, Tony’s fingers still able to find the firm lines of Steve’s abs easily. But even as he moves his hand up to Steve’s pecs, Tony thinks that he can feel the same hint of softness, and he wonders if it maybe has something to do with what’s been occupying Steve’s mind for the past months.
Tony fought his way back to the bed, lying down exhaustedly and wishing the painkillers would begin to work on his headache soon. He was tired but sleep evaded him, the pounding on his forehead too disturbing for him to be able to relax. At least it was silent. The bed felt cool and comfortable. There was nothing that demanded his attention right now.
After they’ve eaten, they lean against the railing, watching the city at night from the roof, listening to the busy yet somehow comfortable blend of noises. Tony presses his side closer to Steve as he points out a building.
But then again, Tony was alive now. Steve had saved him from a certain death once, and he’d do it again if necessary. He just didn’t want Tony to have to suffer anymore; he wanted his alpha to be able to recover in peace and get to continue his life without the constant threats and grief that had shadowed their lives for years now.
Tony quirked his brow like he was questioning the latter statement.
Steve had been ready to say something else, but his brow knits at the humour in Tony’s voice. He turns to look at him.
Tony buried his cock inside fully with a low, guttural noise. Steve breathed harshly through his nose, with no patience for adjusting, and he looked at Tony pleadingly. But Tony stopped, with every intention to let him adjust.
The person on the phone told their name, then went on to tell their issue. It was someone from the SI, a man, and his issue was something about hydraulics and a blueprint and Steve couldn’t have cared less because he had to put every last of his working brain cells into keeping his voice down.
All four of them hustle into the hallway, and as the twins begin to pull on their outdoor clothes, Tony’s hand finds the small of Steve’s back. He leans to brush his nose against Steve’s cheek, and is about to press a kiss onto it as Emmett mutters:
”Thank you. For this, for bearing with me. I feel a little better.”
”No, you don’t. I’ve treated you badly.”
Tony sighs. ”Was it good to see him?”
Tony solves his throat. ”I’ve been away from home since last Friday”, he tells frankly.
”Finish your food”, Steve puts in. ”You’re going to be late.”
Will he ever stop counting?
The machine is still keeping Tony alive now, when Steve pulls his chair next to his bed. He takes Tony’s hand into his, the one not wrapped in layers and layers of bandages. Instead of just holding onto it, he studies it briefly, determining the state of Tony’s nails. They’re fine, of course, as Steve cut them only a couple of days ago. He just wishes there was something more for him to do.
”Do you want to watch something?” he asks, meeting Tony’s eyes only quickly before looking away.
”Perhaps –” he tries, then pauses to gather his spine. ”Perhaps I thought it’d be easier to keep Tony’s affection if there was a child involved.”
, if you’d like”, he corrected for a second time, but now it was his joke that didn’t quite hit home.
”Right. Okay.” Tony squeezes him tightly, nuzzling his face against Steve’s shoulder blade. ”I just want you to be okay.”
”Okay”, he sniffs, then lets out a little, bitter laugh at himself. Jesus, he should be helping Tony with the children, not acting like a child himself.
”That’s not funny. You know very well that I’ve actually killed countless of people.”
“I’m not saying you are, I’m saying that you look like it. Even now, here on your knees with that slutty skirt on”, Tony clears calmly. “That’s the best part. That is what everyone sees when they look at you, Steve”, he continues, his hand coming round to slip underneath the skirt to caress Steve’s thigh, his teeth brushing Steve’s ear. ”But only I get to see you like this.”
Tony can’t hear him.
Perhaps God does exist, Tony thinks briefly as his hands admire Steve’s perfect, round ass. His entire cleft is shiny with slick, and Tony coats some of it around his own erection before pushing into Steve slowly. Steve whines like a puppy, his fingers sinking into his pillow as Tony’s cock becomes buried to the hilt.
“Why?”
”What do you mean ’died’?”
, please.”
The therapist leans back, writing something down. Steve’s gotten used to her doing that, and doesn’t usually mind it, but now he feels like he’s said something wrong.
Tony looks away, rubs his face into his hands, and then leans into the sofa defeatedly.
”We can have a funeral if you want.”
Steve frees Peter and takes Kieran to sleep next to his brother before they start to eat. Tony and Peter talk about possible upgrades for Peter’s suit and Steve doesn’t meddle much besides a couple of questions that pop into his mind when Peter tells them about a recent confrontation with a man who’d been able to jam some of the suit’s features. It’s apparently the reason Tony has asked him to come over, but Steve knows that it isn’t the sole reason. Tony likes Peter, and Steve is finding out that so does he.
Steve hates to admit it, but Tony’s right. He can’t leave the twins.
as he struggles to find words.
Tony switches the lock on his wrists to one hand and slaps his ass harshly. Steve whines more from surprise than pain.
He feels like he’s already cheated on Tony. God, he’s so angry.
”Oh,” Tony snorts at the AI, not amused. ”Oh, you think you’re clever now, do you? Well, you’re entirely missing the point of the song. ’Bad medicine’ is a person.”
”Yes, yes, yes –”
Tony’s “couple of days” turn into a few. Steve tries to stay calm, but he’d be lying if he said that his anxiety isn’t through the roof at times. Being with the twins does help tremendously – it’s good for him to see that he is perfectly capable of taking care of them. But it doesn’t manage to quiet the voice in his head that keeps trying to convince him that Tony is never coming back, no matter how absurd it is.
”We should probably head home.”
”I’m going to stop you here”, she continues. ”It’s okay if you’re angry, but let’s try keeping the taunting away.”
”Yes, honey”, Tony muttered a little breathlessly, carding his fingers through Steve’s hair briefly. Steve head-butted the underside of Tony’s chin like a cat, and Tony coaxed his face up with a hand. It took a bit of effort as Steve was clearly having a hard time focusing on his surroundings – or anything, really – but finally his eyes settled on Tony’s. Sort of, at least, although the look in them was glassy and wandering.
”Did he leave?”
”You’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me, Tony. Even when it’s difficult, even when we fight, there’s no one I’d rather be fighting with.”
”You’re doing so good, baby”, Tony told him, his eyes fluttering open as his hand traveled lower to palm Steve’s ass.
”Smells good”, he comments on the garlicky, spicy scent of food. It does, even if he’s just making conversation. Tony’s a surprisingly good cook, especially compared to Steve. He’s done his best to learn, but it’s still a work in progress.
”Steve…” he says painfully, just praying that Steve won’t hurt him anymore with his words. He won’t be able to take it.
“You’re so needy, baby”, he said emphatically, his sweet smile a bit amused. “Okay”, he continued, rising back up. He pulled almost out of Steve, and then pushed back in with a throaty noise.
”It’s okay. It was pretty fucking amazing for the most part.”
”Is someone trying to steal from you?” Tony goes on, chuckling a little. Steve’s growling can actually totally disarm him in certain situations, but this is not one of those. This is just endearing, an accident.
Tony looks at him.
Of course, he understands why omegas in heat aren’t trusted to take care of their babies. They
Steve can’t betray Tony. But he can’t risk his life either, not when he has a child to raise.
He considers it. He thinks about kissing Steve, about touching him, about knotting him, and how all of those thoughts make him feel. He searches for the anger, the hurt that would taint it, but doesn’t find it. It’s odd, surprising but unbelievably relieving. Exciting. Tony’s stomach turns expectantly, his brow furrowing as he resumes his work on the onions.
Steve turns to look at him, and Tony shrugs indifferently. What optimism of him to believe that they’d really avoid an argument.
When there’s a break in the conversation, Steve catches himself looking at Peter thoughtfully. Luckily, the kid doesn’t seem to notice.
”I… I think I fainted.”
”Thor! What did you do?”
The words hit Steve like a knife to the throat. Tears push into his eyes, a choked sob leaving him.
The man thanked him again, and then there was a click and it was over.
”Please, sir”, Steve breathes out.
”Some of it is for you, genius”, Steve pointed out when he was done. ”That good?”
Then he’s running again, and as soon as the door comes down and reveals Tony standing inside Steve nearly falls to his knees. But he doesn’t, because Tony looks frail and Steve has to catch him as he wobbles down the stairs to his arms.
“Are you okay?” he asks softly. After a moment, there’s the sound of the toilet being flushed and then the door creaks open defeatedly.
”I’m sorry”, he says, sniffing. ”I shouldn’t have said those things. Forgive me.”
”Bucky and Sam insisted on getting Kit and Emmy costumes”, Steve tells Tony with an amused huff, rubbing his cheek against Tony’s hand. ”Emmy was a lion and Kit.. a dinosaur, I think? You should’ve seen Emmy. He was so pissed at first, but then Sam went all ’Simbaa’ with him. I don’t think I’ve ever seen Emmy laugh that much. Bucky hadn’t seen the movie and he was staring at Sam like he was a madman.”
”Sure”, Thor tells him in an uncomplicated way. ”You’ll be okay, alone?”
”Twelve point five percent”, Tony whispers then, and Steve looks at him inquisitively. Tony’s forefinger rubs the back of Steve’s palm.
“Mmh. You’re so far gone, aren’t you, baby?”
Tony hums. ”
Months go by. Tony’s projects lie around everywhere, untouched, buried under unopened mail, empty liquor bottles, opened blister packs of pills and other shit his life has turned into.
”Yeah, well, Nat’s not programmed to react to the scent of your distress.”
”Not right now”, he refuses the invite to dance with his drunken alpha perfectly politely. ”I need to put Emmy to bed.”
”I’m not too heavy, am I?” Steve asks. Tony raises his brows.
”No, but he went into the goddamn space”, Steve grumbles. It’s impossible to stay polite in his state. He needs to be left alone as soon as possible, the doctor’s worried eyes on him only making him irritated. He’s not in denial; he
“Thank you, sir”, Steve says, not just because he’s supposed to, but because he means it. For a fleeing second he can see in Tony’s eyes that he wants to just be soft, but then he spanks Steve again, hard and unforgiving. Steve’s face melts in pure adoration.
”Wanna feel my knot swell inside you, stretching you? Making sure you’ll stay right where I need you?”
There’s nothing enjoyable to look forward to in this. Just pain, both emotional and physical.
Oh. Steve isn’t able to hide the omega in him that gets his feelings slightly hurt quickly enough for Thor not to notice.
“Hey”, he says quietly. He feels bad for withdrawing to his own company for the entire day, but Steve doesn’t seem upset.
”Look at me”, Tony says, his voice still soft.
”Where’s Emmy?” he asks, alarmed.
Not that Tony was capable of noticing, but his weight didn’t much bother Steve, whose breathing was blissfully heavy under him. For a long moment, they were both just lost in the completeness of the feeling, of Tony’s knot securing the seed inside.
“Watch closely, sweetheart. This is my favorite sight in the whole world: your face as I push my cock inside of you.”
Steve shakes his head. ”Not like that. He said he could do it, but that the risk of pregnancy was higher than with a human, that protection might not help. As another option, he offered to curse me to make the heat stop but warned that it might make me barren.”
He cleans all of the mess and sleeps another day. The next evening he makes himself look presentable for the first time in weeks, and goes to Steve.
Thank you all again. <3
”Of course”, Tony promises to Kieran as earnestly as he can while swallowing down his amusement.
”Tell me you’re having an early morning and not a late night”, Steve insists gently, passing her question. It’s always nightmares, every time he closes his eyes. He guesses it’s the same for all of them. Every one of them has been thrown off their axis, turned into lost shells that wander around the compound at unpredictable hours or stay holed up in their own quarters for days until someone intervenes. Time has lost its meaning – they work when they can gather up the strength and sleep when the exhaustion overcomes the bottomless grief that keeps them awake.
”Thanks for listening”, Steve answers, smiling sadly. ”Please don’t blame yourself. This is my own fault and my own mess.”
”I know, honey”, Tony tells him, kissing his jaw. ”You too.”
Steve pet Tony’s hair back. After nearly losing his life using the infinity stones to kill Thanos and his minions, the alpha had been in a coma for almost two weeks. Steve had gotten him back home from the hospital only a few days ago. Tony’s entire arm was still bandaged and the painkillers he had to take were strong enough to make him sleepy, like now.
”State your business”, Tony said neutrally, pulling Steve out of his thoughts.
That’s not bad, as punishments go.  The one with a small dildo on it could grow uncomfortable pretty quickly, but this wasn’t even that one, just a normal ball gag. In Steve’s opinion, he would’ve deserved the one with the dildo, that would’ve been fair. Tony’s practically being a saint.
Tony kissed his jaw, holding it in place, then his throat. His other hand came up to palm Steve’s chest, pinching his nipple softly, and Steve drew a sharp breath, warmth running into his groin. His body moved on its own, coming close enough for Tony to be able to mouth his other nipple, wet and soft, his beard scratching the skin in a way that was quickly driving Steve mad. A hand landed on Steve’s lower back, pushing him even closer to Tony.
(See the end of the chapter for
Before he had very nearly
”Let’s go home”, he says.
Tony’s eyes are hard as they finally land on Steve’s. He stares at him for a while, unflinching as the colour vanishes from Steve’s face. When Steve’s lip begins to quiver, Tony turns and walks away before the bond will destroy his resolve.
Steve opened his mouth obediently, looking up at Tony’s face expectantly, and Tony rested the head of his cock on Steve’s tongue, coming with a deep, broken sound. Steve stayed still, letting Tony’s seed flow down his mouth, to his throat. Some ended on his lips, some dripped down his chin. He loved all of it, and when Tony finally slowed his hand down around himself, Steve moved his tongue a little under the weight of it, displaying the mess to Tony who watched him, mesmerised, hips still jerking with the impact of his release.
It had struck a nerve. They’d somehow managed to turn the beginnings of that fight into brainstorming – which still wasn’t entirely unusual for them – but it had taken a long, long time before Tony had understood that Steve hadn’t been condescending, that he’d actually tried to console him to the best of his knowledge. Knowledge, which, at that point, was mostly based on war, on a very different world than the one Tony was used to living in.
Steve can’t say that he really does, the mere thought of standing on his own two legs seeming like an annoying concept at the moment.
”Thank you, sir”, he says, the ”sir” now rolling from his tongue more jokingly than anything else.
As Steve pushes himself up, his hand comes across something wet and he turns to look at the spot confusedly. Slowly, realisation dawns on him, and only now he actually registers the way his whole body’s trembling, how his insides are cramping viciously.
”I wish I could say”, Tony answers. ”All I know is that if it is possible, which is honestly highly unlikely from any scientific point of view, I will figure it out.”
”It was my choice, Thor”, Steve tells him.
”Breeding you”, he breathes into Steve’s ear, and with an ecstatic wail, Steve is coming, coating Tony’s fingers and his own stomach with come. It’s a short road for Tony from there, and with a few more snaps of his hips he’s coming too, his knot stretching to its full size.
”Mine”, he panted softly, kissing the corner of Tony’s mouth.
”Not much. Sometimes. It’s nothing I can’t handle”, Steve answers truthfully. Tony rubs his back.
*nervous sweating* yeah i'm sure there's nothing to worry about steve
Steve makes a keen noise, his mouth vibrating around Tony’s cock, and Tony squeezes Steve’s fingers with his own, forcing himself not to buck his hips upwards. As Steve starts sucking him, taking his time popping his head up and down, the over-sensitiveness starts to slowly melt away. Tony’s mind fills with nothing but the sensation of Steve’s soft lips around him, his warm tongue against his cock. Before he knows, he’s emitting low moans from his throat, the knot of pleasure in his lower stomach tightening.
”Shh”, Steve hushes him, slipping his hand past Tony’s underwear.
The next thing he knows is waking up in the rubble with the taste of dirt in his mouth.
The way they end up dating isn’t the most romantic one. Alcohol is heavily involved on Tony’s part, and – perhaps fittingly for them – the whole thing gets its start from an argument. The topic of the argument in itself is stupid and nothing serious, hardly an argument at all.
Steve shakes his head slightly at Tony’s joke, securing it into his heart. They’ve been through a lot, but he wouldn’t give away a day. Well, expect for one, and that, they’re gonna take back and make right today.
More shit.
Even though Steve’s still feeling light-headed and uncomfortable, the alpha scent around him is making him feel much easier.
He doesn’t even know if Thor can actually knot him, how far his magic or whatever it is, goes.
”Thor?” he finally says quietly.
”Perfect?” Tony asks instantly, a warm grin on his features.
Tony was grateful when Steve didn’t waste his time with over scaled carefulness anymore – seeing the pleasure on Tony’s face, he lifted himself up and begun a steady rhythm of thrusts, not too fast but fast enough for Tony to start feeling the build up from the continuous pressure on his prostate again. Before long Tony was making noise as continuously, pushing his ass lewdly backwards for Steve to be able to sink as deep into him as possible, just right. Steve dropped down to suck Tony’s earlobe into his mouth, then bit his neck, and Tony whined unashamedly, feeling his completion suddenly near. He moved to touch his cock, but Steve seized his hand, locking it against the mattress. He begun to pound into Tony mercilessly, and, fuck, Tony was coming anyway, his orgasm so powerful after all of the stimulation that his vision blacked out, and there was just the sound of his own screams in his ears as he clenched around Steve viciously, his cock releasing a load after load.
would make Steve laugh if he wasn’t occupied with gasping. But he is, and for a while he doesn’t register much, just focuses on keeping himself in line.
Caressing the side of Steve’s arm, Tony had rested his chin on the top of Steve’s head.
When Tony picks him up from the therapy, Steve is silent. Tony asks him how it went, as he always does, and Steve answers ”okay”, as he always does.
“Is this what you meant by ‘somatic symptoms’?” he inquires empathically.
The last thing he
In the morning, Steve watches Tony sleep for a long time until the urge to wake him up with his mouth becomes too great. Tony’s sleepy moans pull at his heartstrings, and when it’s over and they are snuggled close once again, Steve’s fingers drawing lines on Tony’s face and Tony’s mouth twitching as he tries his best not to tickle, Steve doesn’t even think when he just blurts it out.
”I feel like the word ’love’ doesn’t even cover it anymore, Steve”, Tony continues. ”But before they come up with something worthy of you – of us – I guess it’ll have to do.”
There’s a cough-like noise. Alert, Steve springs up to study Tony and sees that his eyes are trying to flutter open. Steve hushes him, his shaky hand petting Tony’s hair carefully as he waits for the nurses and doctors to arrive.
Hasn’t he tried? Hasn’t he given them everything he could have? It certainly hasn’t seemed like it. Before his therapy started, Steve would’ve readily agreed that no, he hasn’t given his all, and not just that; he’d have simply blamed himself for being a bad oma, a worthless omega, a useless companion.
Tony had always been shoveling the shit life threw at him, all of his life. Then, he had been so happy for a while, but it turned out that Steve too was just more shit for him to shovel. More pain. More hurt. More anger.
He lets Tony touch him at nights, but even when Tony tries his everything, Steve isn’t able to enjoy it much. His body responds, but his mind is elsewhere, shut away from Tony and his attempts to show love. And then he doesn’t let Tony touch him anymore.
”Yeah?” Steve opens his eyes.
”Give it to me, Tony”, he growls, not letting go of his jaw. Tony whines.
After a moment, Steve complies, giving a small but threatening rumble as a sign for Tony to keep going and the world in general to keep in mind that Tony is taken. Tony hums at him approvingly, his thrusts turning more demanding until Steve’s growling morphs back into whining.
”I – I’m – really? You’re inviting me here? With – with you?”
Briefly on the Nat and Clint situation; I struggled for a long time with this, because I've complied canon in this story to almost a silly point so far (well, besides there being a bit more stony and a/b/o xD). But considering Nat's role as Steve's friend especially, I first of all felt that her death would be too heavy at this point of the story. More importantly, there's a possibility that I'm writing for Nat in this verse later and what I want for that is certainly not it ending with her death. So, my verse, my canon, I thought.
”Yeah, Steve, fuck, that’s so good, yes –” He kept mumbling nonsense, deciding that Steve’s mouth should never leave him. It’d be awkward for others at first, but they’d understand if they’d experienced it themselves. They wouldn’t of course, since Steve’s mouth was already occupied.
”Incoming”, Steve mutters against Tony’s lips, and soon Tony too can hear footsteps from the hallway. The absence of running tells of it most likely being Emmett, which the voice coming from behind the door soon confirms.
Steve looks at Tony, taken aback. He looks disappointed, too. Disappointed in Steve.
Steve’s hands tremble under the weight of his head. Will Tony despise him?
Their roles seem to change so easily it’s scary. Tony’s not sure if he enjoys being on this side very much, but he soldiers through, giving Steve a sad but comforted smile.
”Okay”, he sighs amicably. ”Would you wash my hair?”
”I’m not buzzed, if I was buzzed I would ask you out.”
After taking an another second to collect himself, Steve sits down beside Tony.
There’s no question whether they’ll try to do it or not.
Steve’s eyes found Tony’s. He hadn’t stopped his movements, only slowed them down, and he was staring at Steve. Steve was too hazy to read his expression for certain but he thought he saw a challenge somewhere in there.
”I’m sorry.”
Once the worst hassle has settled, Steve sits down to chat and eat with her. He’s grown to like her, even if he felt miserable the first time she came to help take care of the twins, perhaps even a little jealous – at some point, she probably interacted more with Tony during the day than he did, which was completely Steve’s own doing. But beta’s tend to be preferred choices for babysitting for a reason, their steady, unthreatening presence creating harmony around them easily.
The slow nod Steve gives him is uncomplicated enough, tense but eager. Tony’s hand falls from Steve’s hair to frame his cheek, and when Steve lifts his fingers to curl them around the hand on his face, Tony notices that they’re shaking slightly. He leans in, pressing his lips to Steve’s.
There is nothing that could’ve prepared Steve for the euphoria of getting his own child into his arms. Kieran, as they soon decide he’s called, meets his eyes after a bit of searching, and Steve forgets how to breathe. The whole world disappears from around him, a warmth unlike anything he’s ever felt washing over him. The small human being pressed against him blinks tiredly and he’s perfect, the bond drowning Steve with a sense of belonging together and such a pure feeling of love it’s hard to comprehend. He takes a sharp breath, tears streaming down his cheeks, and whispers a choked “hello”.
Steve huffs frustratedly. The doctor’s words hurt and shock him, and it’s hard to think straight. He’s right about suppressants though. Whatever the medicine, Steve’s body burns it out of his system too rapidly for it to work.
Obliging, Steve buries his teeth to Tony’s neck once again, a fourth purple mark starting to form onto his skin. He doesn’t hold back, but once in a while he stops to mouth Tony’s neck wetly, lewdly, using his tongue. His drool is getting all over and it really shouldn’t be that hot but Tony’s hips are bucking upwards uncontrollably, the source of his frantic wails alternating between pain and pleasure. Steve catches his other hand like the already locked one, pushing it against the seat forcefully. Tony hardly seems to even notice at this point.
He presses his palm against Tony’s chest, opening his eyes to meet Tony’s as he leans lower.
Tony hums. Those things she is, but Tony’s still never quite been able to figure Nat out. He’s not sure if anyone has, but he’s happy that Steve and she seem to have found a connection despite that.
Tony had huffed while pouring himself a glass of wine.
”It’s because of something we talked about today. Something that I… confessed.”
This time Steve manages to actually smile. Tony kisses him again, his fingers caressing Steve’s neck lightly. It’s nice, and Tony can feel himself starting to relax a little. Steve, however, does still seem nervous, so Tony takes his hand, pulling it under the covers gently and bringing it to his own waist. Steve hums a bit, treading his fingers over the hem of Tony’s shirt before slipping them past it to caress his side. It feels good, not just because it’s arousing, but because Tony too had feared he’d never be able to experience this again, to feel Steve’s perfect, tender hands on his skin. It feels safe and familiar, yet makes his nerves tingle excitedly. Steve’s hand moves lower to his hips, and then slides under the thin fabric of his underwear. He avoids touching Tony’s cock, palming his ass instead and Tony can’t help his hips from twitching a little.
Tony’s anger seems to have worn off completely now. Instead, he sounds sad when he starts talking about feeling like Steve hasn’t trusted him. It eventually starts to shift Steve’s mood too.
Steve and Tony answer at the same time, Steve saying ”no” and Tony ”yes”. Bruce eyes them both, looking like he doesn’t have the energy for guessing. Steve gets up from the bed.
”We’ll talk about it next Friday”, Steve says uncomfortably.
Steve just hummed at him for an answer, quite fucking obviously pleased, and leaned down to lick the mess Tony had made.
For some reason, her question pushes tears into Steve’s eyes. They are all so broken, so small and helpless after what has happened. It’s unfair.
”Tony”, he breathes out, as it is pretty much his only remaining, coherent thought. His face is pushing deeper into the pillow every time Tony’s hips meet his ass, and distantly, Steve notices that the pillow is damp. He has drooled onto it while moaning, and even though he doesn’t really care what he looks like at this point, it feels slightly uncomfortable. Steve gathers the strength to rub his face dry into the pillow and then
His bare ass landed on Tony’s hips, grinding against his cock helplessly as a watery moan left his lips. Tony hissed from between his teeth in response, feeling how his cock became wet from Steve’s slick and quickly filled to its full size.
The therapist knows exactly what happened on Friday, because Steve told her on the phone. Steve realises that she’s not probably allowed to reveal it to Tony that he’s contacted her.
. Why doesn’t he just go ahead and break out of the cuffs and ride Tony’s dick into the sunset right away if he’s having this much trouble keeping up with a few basic rules?
”Huh”, Tony says, shifting his eyes back to Steve. He leans closer until Steve can feel his breath on his lips.
Things look clearer the next morning, after Tony’s let himself cry like a baby, just for himself, after he’s finally got himself up from the floor and slept for fourteen hours. He takes a shower and finds himself wandering around his rooms, collecting the garbage into a plastic bag mechanically, his mind occupied.
”Yes, honey”, Tony mumbles into his ear. He pushes Steve’s chin up so that he can lick the underside of it. ”That’s my baby. I missed you so much.”
”He’s asleep”, he tells Tony, putting the carrycot down.
Steve had frozen with his fingers around his wine glass. Slowly, he’d turned to look at Tony and seen him answer his gaze unflappably.
No more mistakes, he decides, screwing the bottle cap back on and putting the bottle away. He tells FRIDAY to close the shop and leaves before he can start second guessing himself.
Steve huddled half on top of him, smiling as Tony’s hands wrapped around him.
Despite him surely noticing the tremor, Tony doesn’t gift Steve another pity break. Steve would lie if he said that he doesn’t love that, even if it means that he has to once again watch his own face twist with a grimace as Tony then hits his shoulder blade, his aim surgically precise to avoid any harmful damage as always. As the whip bites into his other shoulder, Steve cries out loudly, the sting seeming to travel everywhere through some nerve.
Tony rubs his temples. ”Fine. I guess I can understand that. I just feel useless. I should’ve been with you”, he mutters, adding before Steve can answer: ”It’s not ’nothing’.”
Tony hums at him, the smile on Steve’s lips irresistible.
”Idiot, darling, hush –” Tony mutters against his cheek. ”Why do you think I waited this long? Just to make you suffer? Do you really think I haven’t missed you like a madman, it’s been tearing me apart, Steve –”
”Shh”, Tony hushes at him. He strokes Steve’s hair, firmly, almost like he’d pet a, well, pet, his fingertips brushing the shell of his ear. Steve shivers and bows his head, and Tony looks at him, and all he can think of is that it really is a crime that Steve can’t see himself through his eyes.
”I understand if you feel like I haven’t trusted you again. But it really wasn’t like that. Maybe I made a mistake, but you had only just heard about Kieran, Tony. I couldn’t bear dropping it all on you at once. Besides, compared to that, it’s nothing.”
”So”, Tony echoed.
Steve risks a small, lopsided smile.
”Did he say
“Two.”
”Right back at you, daddy”, he jokes in a low voice, then adds: ”They’re up, by the way.”
”Of course it’s about you”, Steve pours out frustratedly. ”Everything went to hell between us, Tony, and I… I don’t think I ever recovered from it, not really.”
Tony realises how much he’s trembling when Steve starts kissing his way down his stomach, making his breath catch a little. He tries to steady himself, but he feels so much and he’s not good with that, never has been.
Steve can feel Tony’s breath in his ear, and his legs are already ready to give in. What Tony says next surely doesn’t help.
Love had been enough, then. But it isn’t anymore.
”Okay.” Tony presses a finger to Steve’s lips. ”Now you’re becoming very talkative, and that’s not how I remember us agreeing on the rules.”
”That’s okay”, Tony tells him, moving behind Steve again. ”
Personally Steve didn’t mind at all; he liked holding Tony close during the nights, the memory of watching his helpless, unresponsive mate in life support for two weeks that had felt like two years still fresh in his mind. Steve knew that Tony didn’t want to be babied and he tried his best not to do that, but it was hard when he still felt like bursting into tears multiple times a day just at the sight of Tony. The sight of him alive and home.
His ass still throbs, but just faintly. He feels weak, his heart thumping loudly and exhaustedly in his chest. Even in heat, his body shouldn’t feel fatigue like this.
”Must’ve really wanted that record.”
”Bring me Emmy, Nat”, he demands harder. ”If I’m really going into heat, I won’t be able to see him properly for days. I’m still myself now and I want to see my child before things get out of my control.”
“You just said that you’re old.”
Steve gapes at him, colour creeping up his neck. Tony walks away before they’re at a shouting match.
Steve does. Just being near Emmett must be incredibly soothing for Tony. To feel the bond clearly, to know that at least the other one of their children is still here, still breathing calmly in his sleep just a few feet away from him.
”Uhhuh, and I’m the five-year-old?” Steve said, shaking his head. ”Thank you, JARVIS, that’s all.”
Steve was totally pampering him, but fuck it, it was too nice for Tony’s self-consciousness to ruin it. He pulled Steve to his lips, sighing as Steve’s hips made the subtlest movement. Steve kissed him in the same manner he’d been whispering to his ear, sweet and gentle, and the nerves on Tony’s tongue tingled, his body opening up like it was blossoming. Finally Steve began to move, sliding his cock in and out of him slowly, and the kiss ended as Tony’s mouth opened into a moan, his body remembering how close it had been to the edge now that the pain had eased.
And that’s what makes Tony fall to his knees, Steve sensing his distress and trying to calm himself in order to make Tony feel better, to make the bond calm. He shouldn’t be doing that. Not alone.
“It’s okay”, Steve says.
”Fuck me.”
So, perfect. When the time comes, giving birth is relatively easy as well, the serum making it no problem for Steve to go through it naturally. Steve prepares his “I can do this all day” -mentality when the contractions start, but active labor is over in three hours. It’s a relief, because the serum burns any pain medication through his system too quickly for it to work properly, and there is a point where he feels like passing out from the pain. Tony holds his hand through the whole thing, uncharacteristically silent but present.
The toy brings Steve to yet another orgasm. It’s dry and unsatisfying, and Steve’s body convulses forcefully, his teeth gritting together. Angrily, Steve pulls the thing out and throws it away, sending it flying across the room. He breathes shallowly through his teeth.
”Shh”, Tony shushed him, pulling Steve closer to kiss him on the corner of his lips. ”I’ll take care of y–”
Steve would be surprised to know how close Tony came to praying himself during his time in space. But that’s not important now, and Tony just keeps listening, letting Steve talk.
The elevator ride down is silent. Steve just wants to be back home with the twins as soon as possible. Tony seems to be in his thoughts, but then he suddenly digs his phone out and pokes Steve with his elbow, showing him the phone. His lock screen picture is the image of the twins Steve sent to him.
Steve kicks him lightly under the table.
”Now I’m gonna show you something incredible”, he croons. ”On all fours.”
Steve dresses and hurries to the door with a hungry Kieran in his arms. The babysitter, Joanna or Jo as she is usually called, grins widely as she wishes him good morning, and Steve realises that he’s got a pacifier in his mouth.
Without saying more, Steve got up from his lap, and took off his t-shirt. Tony pushed his chair back a little to see him better, rubbing his mouth, concentrated eyes traveling on Steve’s body as he continued to strip down slowly.
The knife in Tony’s hand halts. Heat. They both know that Tony won’t be able to resist if Steve stays in the house. Nature would overrule him. But heat really, really isn’t the circumstance they should start fixing this side of things in. In other words, Steve will have to go away, or they should start getting back to it as soon as possible.
”Yes”, Steve tells him.
Steve’s brow furrows. Of course it was enough.
reconciled with alpha and fellow Avenger Tony Stark, 2) been pregnant, and 3) at this point, presumably given birth to a baby or babies of unknown gender. Steve assumes that the majority of the world includes Peter, because it isn’t really like Tony to keep a teenager from Queens informed about their private life, no matter how special the teenager in question is. He should’ve asked Tony how much Peter knew in advance, really.
Tony doesn’t hear his own words as he watches how Steve’s pleasure unravels, how his back arches and his eyes become frail and wet again. His omega’s loud moans fill Tony’s ears, his cock throbbing at the sight. It seems to go on and on, and Tony’s completely lost in it until his own release hits him suddenly and he lunges to bite Steve’s neck hard, pounding into him like an animal and whimpering through his own orgasm in just as exposed manner as Steve. Steve’s hands wrap around him and keep him close through it.
Steve’s brows furrow as he watches Tony shuffle out the door. He gives Emmett a look and Emmett grins with his finger in his mouth, looking like he’s happy to be part of a secret, unvoiced shit-talk with Steve. Naturally the baby doesn’t actually have any idea what’s going on, but his expression still manages to amuse Steve a little.
”It must be late. Ready to go to bed?” he asks then, changing the subject.
Steve freezes.
”That’s it”, Tony praised him, his eyes closing again. ”Go harder, baby.”
”Rhodey? Why?” Steve questions, a hint of a threat underneath his voice. He has nothing against Rhodey, but he doesn’t trust Emmett out of his sight anymore. No one, not even Nat, has the right to take Emmett anywhere without his permission.
”You will do no such thing, omega”, he jokes gently, although he emphasises the last word meaningfully.
Steve tries to concentrate on the TV too, but it’s too much for him right now. To his surprise, the heat has subsided again after its momentary rise at the scent of an alpha, but he feels tired. He allows his eyes to fall closed, yet fights the sleep. He wants to enjoy this moment of peace for as long as possible.
Steve went to take a shower, and Tony was blessed with peace once again. Finally, his mind started to drift towards unconsciousness, his limbs becoming pleasantly heavy…
”You’re tired, darling.”
After Steve’s gone, Bucky stays long after the fire has turned into embers. He thinks about the times he’s been in love himself, wonders if things like mating bonds are going to be something personally relevant to him one day again. He’s not entirely sure if he even wants that – even less so when he finally goes inside, walks past Steve’s room, and hears him sobbing hopelessly. He contemplates whether to knock or not until the part of him that still sees Steve as someone he needs to protect takes over.
Tony gives his exposed neck a few kisses, so light and teasing it makes Steve grind his hips backwards against Tony.
”What did you call me?” he whispers, his mouth still right next to Steve’s ear, and Steve can
Scott Lang crawls out of the back, completely unaware of the last four months.
”Then we kill him”, he states, resolute. He also never enjoys the thought of killing.
When the silence seems to just go on and on, Steve finally lifts his face to look at Tony. It takes a long time before Tony answers his stare, but when he does, Steve can feel the colour vanishing from his face. Tony’s eyes are hard to read, but they hold him in place. The bond feels almost like it had felt on that day on the airport in Germany. Cold and unreceptive.
”Stop.”
”We? So this is about me? And what do you mean ’concealed’?”
He doesn’t answer. Steve sounds like he’s trying to
”Fuck me”, he demands again before Tony can say something he doesn’t want to hear, his voice hard, almost mocking underneath.
”I hope you don’t actually mind.”
”No, just fuck me, I need to feel it, please –”
Tony laughs through his nose. ”That I’ve never seen an omega –”
Steve breaks into tears, turning away from Tony, who stares at his shaking shoulders, feeling numb. He’s been there to comfort Steve until this moment, but there is no room for both of their pain in him now, and so he doesn’t say or do anything. He just listens to Steve’s crying with a frown on his face.
Tony’s eyes burn the side of Steve’s head. The therapist quickly explains why she didn’t mention it herself.
”I will. I couldn’t keep it a secret even if I wanted to. I’ll tell him when it’s the right time, I just… I don’t want him to worry about that now.”
There had been a noise behind Tony’s back as Steve had placed two cups on the coffee table behind him. Tony had torn his eyes from the window, turning to see Steve patting the spot next to him on the sofa.
Steve doesn’t even register the silly nickname as silly anymore. The twins had picked it up from a cartoon and started to use it first as a joke until it had slowly become a completely neutral name for Steve in their household.
There was a noise that could’ve been either a gasp or a tiny growl from Tony.
”Are you laughing?” Steve asks, the corners of his own lips twitching upwards.
Deep down, he knows that no one’s abandoned him, the least of all Tony, so it must be just him. His own failure to be what he should.
”What happened?” Steve asks raggedly. Tony’s panic seems to be subsiding, while Steve’s own is rising. His baby was just there, in front of his eyes.
There’s a knock on the door, and Steve turns to face it in hopes of the incomer perhaps having Emmett with them. He averts his eyes when he sees Nat step inside alone, aware of how reddened and swollen his eyes must be from the crying.
”The curse. Do it.”
Tony doesn’t answer. He gets up and walks to Steve’s side of the kitchen island. He lifts his hand up to push a wild strand from Steve’s forehead, then runs his fingers through his hair. Steve blinks at him, exhaling unevenly.
”Fine”, he said.
”What does ’unless medically determined necessary’ mean, exactly?” he asks. ”The doctor’s not gonna stay here for that, is he?”
”Tony”, Steve says quietly after a while. Tony hums inquisitively while he reaches for a bottle of shampoo.
Steve’s brows furrow as he tries to think of what to say.
“I want you to go see a therapist, Steve.”
”Steve. I’m not here because of that. I don’t want to break it either”, Tony pauses him quietly.
”You are so pretty like this”, Tony tells him, lightening his pace again. He lets go of Steve’s wrists and grabs his ass with both hands instead, squeezing and rolling his ass cheeks firmly as his cock keeps vanishing between them. It looks incredibly lewd and Steve goes weak looking at it in the mirror, his chest heaving at the sensation of Tony’s hands digging into the sore skin of ass.
Deep down, Tony knows he shouldn’t do his relationship’s dirty laundry outside like this, especially to his ex. He doesn’t even mean it, at least not in the way his words make it sound like. But the words have just bubbled out of him, and he’s not one to cry over already spilled milk.
Steve doesn’t answer for a long while. Tony’s fingers find their way into Steve’s hair, moving through the strands softly. He finds it hard to find words, too.
”I –” Bucky starts.
“Get on your knees in front of the mirror.”
Tony shuts him up by pulling him into a tight embrace. Steve is just afraid of the exact same thing he has been.
”I don’t mean that –”
A shiver runs through Steve’s spine. Twelve years, two kids and a truckload of hardships later, Tony can still get him turned on in the middle of breakfast with a couple of words. Steve would blame his incoming heat, but he knows better.
Tony grins at Steve.
”Big fucking baby”, Tony countered, resting back to the floor. ”Come here.”
”I told you”, is the first thing Tony says with a soft grin two days later when he manages to start breathing on his own and is able to talk. ”You don’t know how much I hate your singing voice.”
”Listen, honey, we’re getting you through this. I’ll make a couple of calls in the morning.”
Steve didn’t miss a beat. He let Tony’s finger fall out of his mouth, kissing the side of his palm instead.
Steve lets her words sink in. ”Thank you”, he says, his eyes getting wet. ”Thank you.” His voice is hardly audible.
While it hurts, talking about Tony makes Steve feel closer to him. It’s like a soft blade being pushed through his chest.
”Quite so”, Tony agrees, leaning his forehead against Steve’s. Steve closes his eyes, and his hands roam up to touch Tony’s neck, then frame his face, his fingers ghosting the lines of his beard.
At 01:26 am on a crisp night on January, they have two healthy sons. Steve feels a weight drop off his shoulders – despite the doctors reassuring him that it wasn’t going to happen, he’d still worried that his children could inherit his unfortunate genetics from the time before the serum. But everything seems to be fine, both boys getting a perfect score from the doctor.
”Hey, I swim in it”, Tony argues airily.
”You can lie your head down. First, turn so that you can still see the mirror while being comfortable.”
His voice is more thoughtful than displeased, but Steve still mumbles an ”I’m sorry, sir” to him.
to be just a needy puddle in Tony’s lap, wanted it like it was where he was born to be. It wasn’t difficult to become just that when Tony’s finger started moving inside of him. Steve moved with it, his cheek falling to rest on Tony’s shoulder, tiny noises leaving his throat. He closed his eyes and let his body follow the pleasure, rocking gently back and forth in Tony’s lap.
”Of course”, he told the alpha softly, pulling his own shirt off. His underwear followed.
”… The lipstick contains pheromones that will make your alpha go crazy like it’s your first heat together again. Make yourself the omega you know you are with Omega Bliss’ new…”
Steve obeys, not knowing what else to do. He can’t fathom why and how this is happening now. He hadn’t noticed any symptoms of pre-heat.
”Okay.” Tony caresses the side of Steve’s face. ”Then I’ll try to make you feel like it”, he states, trying to maintain some illusion that things aren’t getting out of his control once again. ”But you’ll let me know if it hurts. Promise me.”
Tony’s hand flies to Steve’s hair and grips it gently, pulling him into another kiss. He wraps his hand around both of their erections and starts to stroke them against each other. Steve moans into his mouth.
Life doesn’t return back to normal, but it finds a routine. It finds a way for the day of the week and the time of the hour to start mattering again. Steve starts waking up for his morning jogs again, SI continues to be a running business, Emmett’s teeth grow and get on all of their nerves. Life goes on, whether they want it or not. Some days are horrible, some are less so; some fly past so quickly Tony hardly notices them.
”Jesus, Steve”, Tony somehow managed to word, breathless. His head was spinning and his heart beating like an old washing machine slinging. ”Satisfied?”
Steve takes a breath as if he’s about to continue before realising that he doesn’t really have anything else to share with Tony today. He could talk about anything, of course, about what he ate for breakfast or what happened five years ago on a Monday, but he has found out that whatever the topic he starts with, he tends to end up with a memory of him and Tony. Today has been a relatively good day, and Steve wants to avoid making himself sad.
”Why not”, Tony shrugs. ”This place has way too much space that’s never used.”
”I’d like that, if you have the energy”, Steve tells him gently. Tony kisses him.
Tony’s voice stops Steve mid thought, and he realises Tony has removed his tongue from him. His hand is caressing Steve’s bottom soothingly.
A high-pitched, needy noise pushed out of Steve’s throat as he pushed back against Tony’s cock again. Underneath Steve’s woozy demeanor, Tony could sense growing frustration.
”Be my guest”, Tony tells her. Steve wants to imitate his voice mockingly, that’s how high the level of his annoyance is. ”Nice couch, by the way. Fendi?”
But things weren’t that black and white. He has tried, but he has gone all wrong about it. He has tried to force himself through everything that’s been going on inside of his head alone, when in fact, he’s never been alone.
All of the awkwardness isn’t completely resolved by that, but after a few minutes of stumbling with their words and laughing at themselves, they ease into discussion about pop culture, technology and basically everything under the sun. Tony’s eager to know which newer movies Steve has caught and liked, and Steve asks Tony for recommendations. And just like that, they have a plan for their next date.
”Ouch.”
“’Why?’” Tony mocked him, but he didn’t sound malicious. ”Well, let’s see. First of all, I
”I think I’m done with raking”, Steve says finally.
When Nat doesn’t answer right away, Steve lets his eyes fall closed again. Despite what he’s just said, he’s not sure where he’d be without Nat right now. Her presence is calming to him even now, and he can feel the possibility of sleep pressing his eyelids. With Tony, Bucky and Sam gone, she’s the only one left Steve truly feels he can depend on.
It’s a hard thing to say, and even though Tony tries to hide it, the way he swallows reveals that it’s hard to hear, too.
”Because it’s the most beautiful fucking thing I’ve ever seen.”
He adds another finger, and Steve moans, rocking back greedily.
Tony walks in front of the full-length mirror in the room.
”I lost my fucking child”, Tony snarls, banging his glass against the table loudly. Drinking really doesn’t seem like such a big deal anymore.
”Absolutely fucking not”, Tony answers sternly, and he’s not talking literally. Although, he doesn’t let Steve’s wrist go either. “Listen to me, Steve. We are getting you help.”
“Thank you, sir.”
”Tony, I’m sorry”, he says, alarmed. ”I didn’t mean –”
Tony bangs the back of his head against the door, making Emmett flinch, his crying turning louder.
”Tony”, he whispers hopelessly. He could handle the physical pain, but he misses Tony
“Fuck”, Tony mutters quietly, because that’s what he more often than not does, and Steve registers it with a hum. After that it’s silent for a long time, and Steve simply wallows in the high and the haze, his body loading his brain up with dopamine.
They stay there for quite a while, and although Bucky hadn’t initiated the hug for himself, he’s ready to admit that he’d definitely needed that when they finally pull apart.
”That it shouldn’t be so hard for me to obey”, he says, looking Tony into the eyes.
”Of course not. I’m not blaming anyone but myself, Tony. I’m just saying that what happened, how I lost your trust and almost your love, it did a number on me.”
When some sense starts to come back to Steve, he bends his hand back to rub Tony’s shoulder briefly.
”I could do that”, Steve had said before his brain could catch up to his big, stupid mouth. He had leaned over Tony’s shoulder to look closer at a photo of a man in lingerie on his tablet.
It’s still not enough, so he focuses all of his strength into his next try.
But in emotional sense, Steve just wouldn’t, and the way Tony knows it for certain makes him think. What they had, it was bright and sometimes it burned like a raging star, uncaring of the damage it would reap in the process. It had always been fierce, in good and bad both, even before things had really gone to shit. But mostly good. They had been good to each other, and then they’d lost it, and the grief is now slowly destroying both of them. Tony only has to look around to see the evidence.
They are silent for a bit, then Tony turns to look at Steve like he’s just realized something.
at this point I’m just making shit up to torture steve
A telltale tremble takes over Steve, making Tony whimper a little himself as Steve clenches around him. He gives Steve’s cock a bit more pressure, making sure his own cock is hitting Steve’s prostate without falter.
don't say that I didn't warn you
”You invented a suit that will come and fold around you in less than five seconds no matter where you are. I’m fairly sure that if you’ll ever ask my help with diapers it’ll be out of sheer spite ”, he huffed instead.
”He wasn’t enough. He wasn’t you, and his scent couldn’t soothe me enough. I just gave up; my body gave up. I could feel that I was dying, and the worst thing is that I was happy about it”, Steve admits, trying to wipe his tears off. It’s useless; new ones keep spilling faster than he can dry them. ”So selfish, when I think about it now. But I just missed you so much, and it hurt, and I felt like I couldn’t take another breath without you. I guess – I think I was literally dying of grief. The only thing that saved me was that when I let go and closed my eyes, I saw you. And you –”, Steve’s breath hitches at the painful memory, stopping his broken voice for a second – ”you were begging me not to go.”
Eventually, he stood up and went to fetch a towel, then came back to clean the mess they’d made from Tony’s stomach, careful not to wake him up.
Two days later it’s his turn to climb onto a spaceship.
”Safe? From what?”, Steve continues to interrogate, sitting up so quickly that he sees stars for a moment, which doesn’t really happen to him, but he doesn’t have time to think about it. ”Why wouldn’t he be safe right here with me?”
As Tony lifted his eyes to Steve’s face, he found the other man staring at him hazily, looking somewhat confused.
Steve can feel Emmett’s happiness through the bond, and a broken smile climbs to his face despite everything. He wants to just hold Emmett and Tony for hours, listen to two heartbeats instead of one now, but he can see that Tony’s physically in bad shape. So, he gives Emmett back to Nat, taking Tony’s hand as he instantly tries to reach for Emmett again.
”But you’re mine, so I don’t care”, Tony answered jovially. ”Besides, I can always buy you a thousand new ones.”
He pulled out and maneuvered Tony gently onto his back, then sat back to his knees to wipe away the tears from his eyes with a self-deprecating laugh.
”So, hard?” Tony asks with a hint of urgency while reaching down to fish his cock out of his pants.
”That’s stupid”, he says in a weak voice, the corners of his lips twitching upwards.
”I’ve missed you so much”, Steve continued in a low voice, caressing Tony’s ass cheek with his hand again. ”Just let me take care of you, alpha.”
Some days Steve just wanted to hide Tony from the world. He wasn’t ready to let anything or anyone ever hurt Tony again, ever try to take him away from him again.
When he wakes up again, he sees that he’s been brought to medical bay. Bruce is studying a tablet with a furrowed brow and Thor is slumped in an armchair in the corner.
”I know you are trying your best”, Steve says, turning to look at Tony. ”Sorry.”
”Yes”, Tony pauses him, continuing as Steve looks at him in confusion: ”Kiss me.”
Tony sighs through his nose. ”Come here”, he says, sounding resolute. When Steve’s wrapped between his arms again, he presses a kiss to the top of his head. ”Are you in pain?” he asks, the gentleness in his voice making Steve’s chest ache. Tony’s always so good to him.
He has no idea where Tony’s gone. He could always ask FRIDAY, and she would tell him unless Tony has specifically forbidden it. The mansion and the premises are so huge that Tony could very well still be around somewhere, but Steve doubts that, considering that the bond feels almost completely silent. He doesn’t ask FRIDAY, either, because it doesn’t really matter in the end. It’s not like he’s planning to go after him. Tony had made his wish not to see him clear.
He’s almost all the way in when Steve gives a little whine, making Tony freeze. Steve stares at the ceiling and Tony knows that the whine wasn’t from pleasure. He feels a drop in his stomach.
Steve grabs his hand and pulls him closer. The movement makes Tony sink deeper inside of Steve out of his will, and Steve can’t hide his small grimace of pain.
That’s about it, Steve realises numbly. There isn’t anyone. He’s going to have to trust himself to a stranger or risk orphaning his child, and the latter he isn’t going to do.
Absently, Tony kind of wishes now that he would have knotted Steve from a different position so that he could kiss Steve more easily. How unromantic to try for a baby without even kissing.
Steve hears Tony swallow, a surge of empathy hitting him through the bond. Tony’s feeling guilty, he realises.
Sure enough, halfway through Tony stops, coaxing his palm between the still tied part of the corset and Steve’s upper back.
”I guess you can’t pass caries”, she figures curiously. She’s holding some kind of a package in her hand.
“I promise my dick won’t reek”, he grinned, making Steve snort.
”Good”, Tony says, watching him. ”Very good, sweetheart.”
Steve has already gone to bed when Tony steps into their bedroom, but he isn’t sleeping; the TV is on, although Steve doesn’t seem very invested in whatever he’s watching. Tony undresses for bed and shuffles next to him, putting his arm over Steve’s chest.
”I know you are.” Tony squeezes his shoulder comfortingly.
”Bet you never could’ve guessed he runs his mouth at home exactly like he does everywhere else”, Steve counters, no real bite in his voice.
”Oh, come on, Tony. The moment you saw that in Steve you were his”, Pepper says, and there’s no bitterness in her voice. What was between them is long in the past now.
Tony’s got something passing as clothes on him, and before leaving he comes and presses a quick kiss onto Steve’s forehead.
Besides Reed, the only scientist Tony can think of turning to is Hank Pym. Despite the fact that Starks and Pym notoriously haven’t been on the best of terms, Pym has always been one of the few living scientists that Tony respects. Too bad that Hank Pym isn’t living anymore, and neither is Hope van Dyne or Scott Lang.
Steve really was anything but lousy in taking care of his recovering alpha. It was as natural to him as breathing, even more so now that he’d first spent two weeks doing everything for Tony when he’d been in the coma. Wound care on Tony’s arm had been left to professionals in the hospital, but now that Tony’s arm was a little better and he was back home, Steve was the one who changed the bandages, washed the wound and applied ointments onto it every day.
”Oh my – fuck, Steve, stop, baby, stop, stop – stop moving”, Tony suddenly says, frantic enough to make Steve still his hips despite his enthusiasm. Steve understands, grinning a little to himself as he takes his time licking the mark he’s made, but takes care that his hips stay still. He doesn’t want this to be over quite this soon either.
”Come here.”
”I’m sorry”, Tony whispers finally, because he can’t stand the silence.
They don’t get stuck. Instead, the two of them return to their own time completely unharmed, and for a few seconds it’s nothing but excitement on everyone’s face.
”High is what you are”, Tony points out amusedly, his fingers absently playing with Steve’s hair.
Steve admits he hasn’t, so Nat brings him warm food. After he’s eaten and been assured that Emmett is fine, Nat takes the dishes and leaves him alone with Thor. The god opens a beer for himself, settles to the other side of the bed and puts the TV on.
”Yeah…” Tony mutters, eyeing the room suspiciously. He wrinkles his nose. ”One condition, though. We’ll go to my quarters. This place smells like… well, I was gonna say like ’a panicked fart’ but I guess that’s not very funny.”
”No”, he answers, his eyes now wetting from the pain. ”No, it isn’t. I call you ’sir’. I’m sorry, sir.”
”You’re serious, aren’t you?” Steve had asked, hoping to god that he hadn’t misunderstood.
It’s perfect. He loves all of it, everything that he is seeing.
Catching his meaning, Steve choked on a little amused noise. ”I’m so sorry, honey. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable”, he said earnestly.
lose you, Tony”, he whispers.
He lies on his back with no air in his lungs and tries to reach Tony through the bond, but there’s just static. Tony’s alive, though. So are Kieran and Emmett, and Steve refuses to give up. Even though his whole body is in indescribable pain, every piece of him aching, he slowly forces himself back to his feet, beginning to limp towards Thanos again.
”Tony.”
Well, obviously. To Steve’s enhanced sense’s Tony would be smelling of old booze for three days no matter what he did. No secret drinking habits in this relationship really, as Tony had learned very quickly.
”Go on”, Steve prompts huskily, and Tony quirks his brow, pouring some shampoo onto his palm. Steve closes his eyes as Tony begins to rub the liquid into his hair.
The angle is anything but perfect, but Steve manages to get Tony’s fly open and snake his hand into his pants. He bites Tony’s chin lightly as he closes his fingers around his cock, pumping it determinedly. Tony sighs, and Steve pushes him backwards with his free hand until Tony’s back hits the seat. Steve wastes no time; he pulls Tony’s pants lower, out of the way, and leans down to suck Tony’s cock into his mouth.
Tony reached to one of his screens and pressed something. He gave Steve a playful smile, rolling his hips, and then there was a sound on the speakers.
”I have. Last September. You were the size of a small house at that point so I forgive you for not taking note.”
Always will be.
, his mind keeps providing, and he doesn’t have the mental strength to fight it even though it brings an ache into his soul that shadows the pleasure. He thrusts his cock against some pillows that happen to be there as he moves the toy back and forth inside of himself, until he’s lost in it, moaning and panting mindlessly in the dark alone. He doesn’t realise it when he starts chanting Tony’s name, and it’s partially from the fantasy playing in his mind and partially just a desperate plea for the cruel reality.
Tony’s shoulders slumped slightly. “I’m not mad”, he repeated defeatedly, sighing.
“Have you brushed your teeth?” Steve asked, pulling Tony backwards to face him. Tony opened his eyes to look at him sleepily.
Steve doesn’t really have anything that needs to be said right now, so he just takes Tony’s hand, stroking his thumb over his palm.
”We got bonded three years ago”, he says solemnly, the reflection of the flames dancing in his eyes. ”Tony’s my alpha, and for me he’ll be that until the day I die. Even if he’ll want – want a bond break. Which, I’m guessing he will. He’s not the most forgiving person.”
Steve blinks, the only thing he can think of being that his worst fear is coming true in front of his eyes. This is the last draw, and he won’t even be able to defend himself. He would, he does have things to say, but they are not coming out.
He’s sleep-deprived and fed up when they finally manage to bump into each other. The bond has been tormenting Tony again and he’s headed to the main kitchen to find some aspirin, since the one he uses is already depleted of it. But Steve is there, making breakfast, and for a second Tony’s mind takes him to happier days, waking up to the smell of his omega desperately trying to learn how to cook in the hyper modern kitchen of his new home.
Steve’s relieved when Emmett’s crying pulls him out of his thoughts. Emmett’s begun to teeth, and Steve spends over an hour walking around the house with a cranky baby in his arms. His heart goes out to the little one and his discomfort, but otherwise he doesn’t mind, much preferring to have a reason to be up instead of staring at the ceiling in bed.
”You turn everything to hell in your head. It’s not healthy.”
promised to never leave me, but you did and I nearly died –
”Why?” he asks cynically. Tony bites his earlobe tenderly.
Tony snorts, at the nickname or Emmett’s question, Steve isn’t sure. He doesn’t lift his eyes from his tablet as he answers:
”Lovely”, he murmured as his mouth then moved to Steve’s ear. ”So lovely.”
Steve’s mind shuts out completely for a second. He’s absolutely mortified, and at the same time, it’s too glorious to be real. The only thing he’s positive of is that his face has gone completely red.
With a warm smile, Tony drinks in the sight of Steve’s peaceful face, his content expression and restfully closed eyes. He does really look like a cat in the sun, and it is easily one of the most beautiful things Tony has ever seen. He lays his chin on Steve’s shoulder and caresses his cheek with the back of his finger lightly.
He almost, almost does it, but then Tony grinds against him and Steve’s hips buck in response.
For a moment Steve had thought that the monologue Tony had clearly only just started, had been cancelled, but when the silence had prevailed, Tony had opened his mouth again.
”I’m always okay. Thanks for the… company.”
Steve’s mind refuses to comprehend what has happened before his eyes. He stumbles up as Thanos disappears.
Steve closes his eyes, hoping he’ll see Tony.
He took hold of the leg that was wrapped around his waist and lifted it against his shoulder, and Steve uttered out a noise. Tony mouthed his leg, slicking himself up, and slid against Steve excruciatingly.
Bucky hums. So it’s true. Howard Stark’s son has truly managed to steal his friend’s heart.
”Well”, Tony says nonchalantly. ”I guess that’s settled then. Remember to ask lovely Aunt May for permission, too.”
He leans to card his hand through his hair, glancing at the clock on the wall. It’s almost ten in the evening, and it has long since gotten dark outside. The atmosphere out there is anything but dark, though.
Steve hums in affirmation between his moans, unable to muster up any words. Thankfully, Tony doesn’t seem to be expecting them, his smile widening knowingly.
He picked up a gentle pace and Tony didn’t bite him nor growl at him. Instead, he began emitting soft whines, and Steve loved them. He gave Tony’s neck kisses and held him, breathing in the alpha’s scent.
“No”, he answers truthfully. “No, sir.”
Steve should’ve known Tony wouldn’t go through with it after all.
”So should you. Nightmares?” Nat asks. Steve looks at the clock on the nightstand, wondering if he’s made noise in his sleep. It’s almost four in the morning.
”Okay?” Steve’s hand traveled under the covers to caress Tony’s stomach.
Unbeknownst to Steve, as he wallows in his self-pity and worst-case scenarios, Bucky is being stopped in the hall by Tony demanding him for anything useful Steve might’ve said to him. After he’s finally let Bucky go, Tony comes back to the room, sitting to the end of the sofa next to Steve’s feet.
Tony’s finger stops moving, and he pulls it out. Shit, Steve thinks, worrying that his answer has displeased Tony.
”Well, you’re a little buzzed”, Steve had pointed out casually, and he never could have been prepared for Tony’s answer.
Steve lifted himself up enough to be able to reach Tony’s lips with his briefly.
Tony groaned, failing to count the drinks he’d had last night. After the sweet strawberry thing the memories were kind of foggy (non-existent), and there was no telling what had gone down his system after that. From the way he was feeling now, he suspected anything between rat poison and cyanide.
Steve appreciated the sentiment, but the reality was that if anyone was going to be subject to any sweet lovemaking, it was Tony. Sure, while not being allowed to put any weight onto his recovering arm, Tony could still do the work if he’d stand up or perhaps sit on his knees, but Steve was fairly sure that Tony was way too medicated right now for any of that since he could barely keep his eyes open.
The words are like a knife to the throat. Suddenly, he’s back to reality, the place he has grown to hate so much. His tears of happiness change into an ugly cry as realisation hits him, and he doesn’t care one bit about what he looks or sounds like. It’s like everything’s been robbed from him, again. The pain of the heat is back, too.
There isn’t much that Steve needs to take with him, or even has with him at the compound for that matter, so it doesn’t take long for him to collect his and Emmett’s stuff and step into the hallway. Tony has sat down to wait, and he jumps up immediately at the sight of them, heading towards the elevator. He looks odd, anxious, and Steve’s eyes follow his back as he walks into the elevator after him. Tony’s there enough that he takes Emmett from Steve who clearly has a little too many things to carry for convenience, but the whole elevator ride he fidgets with his fingers, rubbing them together or clicking his fingernails.
Despite his orgasm, he was careful not to hurt Tony by leaning his weight onto him. As he had supported his upper body weight up for quite a long time now, Steve just about enjoyed his orgasm to its end before he slumped – cautiously, but still – to the side of Tony’s good arm.
Tony draws in a sharp breath before his eyes wrinkle with a smile.
He turns to see Pepper at the door.
Then a hand was cupping his balls, caressing the soft skin tenderly, and Jesus Maria and Josef, Tony mewled, his hips demanding to fuck Steve’s face, but he held himself off. After a while, the hand moved lower, pressed against his perineum, and Tony’s legs moved invitingly even more apart on their own volition.
”Are you sure I won’t hurt you? I don’t want to make it worse”, Tony says honestly, feeling like side-stepping the issue won’t do any good right now. He understands if Steve feels difficult talking about this, but it’s just them and Tony has to know the truth.
”Don’t give up, Steve. I haven’t”, Nat whispers.
”I’m sorry”, he says. ”I didn’t hear you come inside. I just…”
Steve walks in to the room, greeting the therapist on his way, and takes his usual place on the sofa. He deems his alpha capable of introducing himself.
”Fine, I will. I will. Just –”
“You still don’t see it, do you?” Tony observes, and Steve shakes his head.
Steve doesn’t have the energy to fight anymore, to make excuses to draw out the inevitable.
“Look”, Tony prompts, his voice hardly audible. “This is my favourite part. The point where you’re clearly starting to lose your composition, but you’re still trying so hard to keep yourself in control.”
”I think your fart room made me have a panic attack.”
”Alpha”, Steve half whispers, half sighs, and Tony growls just for the sake of it, letting his teeth bite into the earlobe in his mouth a little.
Steve huffed. ”Are we past the daddy-drama?”
It didn’t really matter that he was smaller than Steve, Tony thought idly as he laid his head back down on Steve’s broad shoulder. They had fit perfectly just like this for over ten years, and they still did.
Will doesn’t always mean success. Steve’s grin fades as he lays his head lightly onto Tony’s stomach, cradling his uninjured arm in both of his, his fingers caressing Tony’s palm.
”I don’t want closure, Tony. I want my child back”, Steve says tensely.
”Tony!”
Tony had shrugged, his sharp eyes meeting Steve’s briefly before he’d turned back to his food.
”Did something happen on Friday?”
Then the physical therapy had started, and Tony had been so goddamn determined to leave his bed with his own two feet that it had resulted in him falling on his way to the bathroom when Steve had let his attention slide for a minute. Thankfully nothing serious had happened, but Steve had been all the more stressed. It had seemed like life was full of nothing but little things that threatened Tony’s life at the time.
”Oh?” Tony couldn’t believe Steve actually sounded surprised. ”Oh, good. I mean, after what you said last night I thought, well, to deliver. I was honestly a little worried of being so… aggressive because of my powers, but –”
”Steve?”
One voice. One voice of a crying baby. The phone had dropped from Steve’s hands as he’d fallen onto his knees. He hadn’t been able to feel Kieran anymore.
Kieran makes a laughing sound, recognising Steve’s clowning tone. It makes Steve let out a laugh too.
”It’s already been like a minute. We have that stupid thing today”, Emmett puts in, his voice turning impatient.
”I know.” He pulls Steve closer until he’s cradling his head. ”I know.”
A choked noise escapes Steve. He rubs his face into his hands, then takes a deep breath.
Steve opened the fridge door, searching for whole milk with his eyes. Unsuccessful, he blinked, and went through the fridge systematically again before admitting defeat. There was none. Grudgingly, he took the soy milk and poured some onto his coffee.
”Not that it’s any of my business”, Pepper continues, knitting her brows. ”Rhodey just mentioned that Steve was really sick. I wanted to come visit him but Rhodey said that it wasn’t possible.”
Steve does his everything, but he is useless, powerless against this threat. And he’s afraid, so afraid.
Whitney sings about chasing her blues away, and Tony enthusiastically joins her in the chorus first, but is then distracted by an unfinished project of his lying on a worktop, abandoned until not announced.
Tony’s fingers fuck his mouth lazily, his finger pads pressing lightly against his tongue, molding his lower lip out of shape as they draw out and then back in again as Steve sucks them, blinking at his own reflection.
”Listen”, he said, letting go of Tony and going round the chair. He sat astride into Tony’s lap, who muttered a silent
“Is that so?” he muses. “That’s not good.”
”You have literally never swam in that pool.”
”Stop reaching out to me.”
He feels like melting when Tony blows air onto his skin, his hands holding him in place by the hips, before placing a light kiss onto his tailbone. The kiss tickles a bit, but Steve has no trouble following the instructions and staying in place now. Well, a little when a hand moves underneath him and grabs his still half-erect cock through the come-soaked fabric of the strings.
Tony gives him a few generous licks, then sucks again, harshly enough to make a loud noise and Steve is nothing but the sensation of that and his burning cheeks (up
”I’m quickly realising that we should always do this like this”, Tony says, and Steve’s eyes wander onto him for just long enough to see his lips curving devilishly. ”
”You didn’t know”, she realises.
”No, Steve”, he says quickly. ”I’m trying to say that I really, really like you. A lot. Like to the point of it being a problem.”
“Go away, I’m old.”
”I’m sorry, sir. Please”, he says again. ”I’m sorry.”
”Well”, Steve starts. ”There’s a big pool here that absolutely no one ever swims in.”
Steve doesn’t bother to confirm, of course he knows. Demonstrating that, he fixes his posture and looks down to the floor, expectant. Tony stands before him and reaches to tilt his chin up with a finger, but Steve keeps his eyes off of him.
”, Tony’s voice points out, the whip halting again. “Two, three hits and you’ll scream for me.”
Blood was rushing loudly in Tony’s ears, and he had to spend many long seconds to make sure he wasn’t going to pass out. God, he was going to slap Steve’s face off the minute he could move. At least he hadn’t slumped on top of Tony like a piece of shit after his orgasm.
He took Tony’s cock into his mouth, but it soon became obvious that it was taking its time waking up to the attention it was receiving, so after a while Steve patiently moved lower, licking Tony’s balls and kissing his thighs unhurriedly until he heard Tony’s breath start to turn a little unsteady. He then sucked the alpha’s cock back into his mouth and did his best again, but eventually he heard Tony click his tongue frustratedly. He just wasn’t getting hard.
”You lose this again, I’ll keep it.”
Strangely, even after Thanos’ endless minions start spawning, Steve still feels no fear. He knows that he’s alone, knows that his chances are non-existent. But when Steve looks at Thanos, listens to him spew his bullshit, it’s like he’s staring into a tunnel with the Titan standing at the other end of it, blocking all the light from coming in like the most dangerous bully of the universe. Stepping on his dreams, on Tony’s dreams, on their children’s future. Trying to take it all away.
”Clint?” Steve looks up. ”I thought he’d left the compound?”
”Of course you aren’t. I’m sorry”, he says, feeling stupid. ”This is kind of you. Thank you, Thor.”
”Steve”, Tony sighs. He reaches to touch Steve’s face, but something triggers in Steve and he bats Tony’s hand away. Tony stares at him, looking hurt and Steve squeezes his eyes shut, breathing shallowly like a cornered animal.
”How dare you?” he spits venomously. ”
Tony whimpered, breathing heavily, his body feeling like it would come apart, and another spurt of pre-cum leaked out of him. His cock kept twitching - it was almost like having one big, impossibly long orgasm, but he hadn’t actually come yet. The pleasure just kept pooling there at its limits, never hitting the point after which it would crash down – Tony threw a hand over his face, vulnerable and in ecstasy that was nearing agony.
”Show me your wrists”, Tony says, and Steve’s heart flutters as Tony takes his wrists and quickly observes them for any marks. Then he snaps his fingers, pointing towards the floor.
”How is that a problem? I really, really like you too, Tony.”
It isn’t day, not even morning quite yet. The sun has begun to rise but it’s still dusky outside, and the light in the room is mostly originated from the bedside lamp. The person leaning close to Steve is Nat, but Steve’s eyes are fixed on the man sitting on the other side of the bed.
”Good.” Tony’s own voice sounds out of breath. His lips find Steve’s, and then Steve’s coming, crying out into the kiss, and Tony doesn’t pull back. Instead he breathes it in, soaking it inside of him, his eyes fixed on Steve’s face until he’s coming too. He bites Steve’s lower lip, his frantic moans muffling against it. For a few seconds, neither of them remembers the pain.
”Listen. I really like you.”
Tony doesn’t hesitate to place his hand on the one Steve has offered, not when Steve looks so broken and just giving him this seems to be everything to him.
”Tony”, Steve started, and Tony made a non-committal sound. ”You remember what you suggested when I was really sick back in July? And I refused because I was insecure and stupid?”
Peter’s cheeks colour.
”After what happened, I was so afraid of losing you”, he starts, talking with his head still between his hands. He needs to make Tony understand, because the alternative is unthinkable. ”I would’ve done anything. Anything, Tony.”
The hazy, starstruck smile Steve is unaware of carrying vanishes from his face as Emmett bangs his fork to the table.
Steve glances at Tony, who gives him a sad smile, before averting his eyes to the window again.
He orders enough painkillers to not run out for a hundred years and starts drinking.
Steve wolfs his food down, eager to go back to bed with his alpha. He doesn’t care that his dishes are left on the table as he turns to face Tony with greedy eyes.
Peter’s awestruck is heart-warming. His eyes are
Tony goes to wash, then sits on his side of the bed.
Tony wipes the most aggressively different shades of blue spot on his neck with his fingers, bringing it up to his face for inspection. His eyebrows rise as he eyes the hint of dried blood on them.
”Because it’s all for you”, he says, moving his hips experimentally. Tony breathes unevenly through his nose. ”And this”, he continues, pressing his mouth to Tony’s ear and squeezing his walls tightly around Tony’s cock, ”this is all for me.”
Blood is rushing in Steve’s ears.
The contract establishes pretty much what Steve has just said. That he consents to an alpha’s presence, but not sex or touching of any kind unless it becomes necessary for his safety. Steve reluctantly crosses the box saying that he allows the alpha to be present while he masturbates. There’s no point trying to insist on keeping that line since it’s pretty much impossible to do. The person would have to be running in and out of the room constantly. He considers for a long time before he also crosses the box saying that he consents to the alpha masturbating in his presence. It’s for his own sake, really. Whoever they manage to convince for the job will be paid, and Steve doesn’t care if they enjoy their time or not – actually he’d prefer that they won’t. But if the alpha is allowed to relieve themselves, it’s more likely that things won’t get out of hand. That’s just common sense.
”Anyway, it shouldn’t have happened, but the doctor said that sometimes an omega’s body might react to the extreme grief and stress by going into heat like they were trying… trying to, I don’t know,
to be tried soon, or it will be too late for him.
The therapist calls it postpartum depression. Of course, Steve has heard of it – he’d read all of the books and magazines and websites on pregnancy, giving birth and caretaking just like any other soon-to-be-parent. But he’s never seen himself as a person prone to depression, and so he hadn’t paid that much attention to the articles that addressed this particular subject. In other words, he’d been stupid, thinking that it couldn’t happen to him. Hadn’t he been too arrogant not to skim past those articles, he would have remembered them. And then, perhaps, he would have understood what was wrong with himself right away, and things would’ve never gotten as far as they now have.
Steve’s mouth found its way to Tony’s neck, and he nibbled it softly as he brought his arm behind Tony’s knee and held him spread under him, securing the entire weight of his own upper body onto one arm effortlessly. Tony groaned ecstatically as Steve began to thrust into him in earnest.
It takes only a few days for Steve’s body to fully heal from giving birth, which seems to astonish everyone else but him. He’s not back to how he was before pregnancy yet – that will require a bit more time and training – but at a quick glance you could never guess that he’s just delivered twins. His body is ready for what Steve knows he should do, which is to get back in shape and prepare for eventually returning back to the field. While taking care of the twins, of course.
”Hard – nnnhh – harder –”
Tony puts his fork down slowly, staring at Steve. His nostrils flare, and there’s an ugly part of him, an angry part, that wants to bend Steve over the counter roughly and give him what he wants so mercilessly and uncaringly that Steve will regret ever opening his mouth on the subject.
He makes to push his fingers inside of Steve’s leaking hole, but Steve reaches to seize his hand.
”Tony”, he said, like he was only now really realizing that Tony was indeed here with him. Tony smiled at him, then leaned to kiss him experimentally.
Again, Steve answers with a noise, then groans loudly as Tony thrusts into him with more force.
Tony didn’t bother to argue. He closed his eyes, his body feeling like a wreckage.
”No. Don’t.” Steve’s hand comes up to pet Tony’s hair. ”Like I said, you would never hurt me. That’s the problem.”
Tony’s words were punched out of the way by a gasping moan as a tight, familiar heat wrapped around his cock in one swift motion. Steve whimpered and shivered in his lap, looking ecstatic with his efforts.
”Now’s the time to get slick, then. I’m not gonna do it for you.”
tu es ma joie de vivre = you are the joy of my life
Of course it wasn’t about Barnes, or anyone else. For all Steve’s faults, Tony knew Steve wouldn’t do that. In physical sense, of course, he’d have probably smelled it, his omega’s scent tainted like that. Just the thought makes Tony’s teeth grit together.
He should call for help, he realises distantly, but he’s so tired. He wants to just give in.
Tony pulled a tight breath and then solved his throat.
”Drama, yes. Daddy, no. That’s staying.”
“Mmh.” Steve can feel Tony humming against him, feel the sound vibrating inside of him.
”Steve? How are you feeling? Here, have some water.”
”Gotta say, I’ve never seen an omega blow a load like you”, Tony mutters jokingly after a while, his fingers playing with Steve’s hair.
”Right”, Steve says.
”Kieran”, Steve manages to force out, and it shatters him to see the word sink in on Tony’s features. His lower lip trembles and his brows knit together as if he’s in pain. Which he is, Steve knows very well.
Steve realises it the moment he says it; this is where he gets exposed.
”It’s stupid”, he says, looking away.
Tony’s speechless. This is probably the cruelest thing Steve has ever said to him. He knows he has fucked up, but this… it goes too far.
perfect, Steve. And not because of the serum, but because you are you. I’m not gonna lie – the serum has made you look as perfect outside as you are inside, but –”
And he can’t. He just can’t. Even if Steve would be okay with the pain, Tony has no way of being sure he’s not causing actual damage. It doesn’t seem likely, but he’s not a goddamn doctor and the slightest possibility existing is enough.
”Nat?” Steve says quietly after a moment. She hums in response. ”I’m so sorry. I could see you made each other happy.”
”Yeah, why would you?” Steve pushes Tony’s hands away, getting up from the sofa.
”We found you lying on the floor”, she offers, her eyes studying him worriedly.
”I know someone else like that”, Tony teases.
Too shocked to even cry, Steve sits on the sofa, unmoving, until FRIDAY informs him that Emmett has woken up. That rattles him back to reality, and he’s so grateful for the twins right now; without them, Steve wouldn’t have seen himself moving from the sofa until Tony comes back, be it days or weeks.
He’d also learned that Tony liked the sight of his omega in control once in a while. Mostly he preferred it outside of sex and relished in getting to bend Steve over and making him scream in pleasure after a day of watching him give orders, but sometimes Steve’s authority didn’t drop at the door of their bedroom. Tony was usually ready to let him have the reigns whenever he wanted, whether it was like this or just Steve teasing him for forever before riding him insane.
Steve considers for a while, then gathers himself slowly onto his knees. He leans his back against Tony’s legs and Tony leans down to kiss his hair.
to do it? I don’t want to be a chore”, Tony told him.
Tony keeps to his word. He doesn’t touch him besides the wrists he’s holding, just waits silently. Steve is getting desperate. If he could just touch himself –
”Bet you
”Well, the first night I spent driving around. Ate the worst sushi of my life. Bought an overpriced record from a fella that had a tattoo on his forehead.”
A smile still flickers onto Steve’s features. It’s something, much better than complete radio silence. He lies back down, ready to get some rest and feeling better than he has for twenty-four hours, when he remembers the package.
”You should’ve gone for the head.”
”Of course I do”, Steve sighs. ”You know that.”
Steve had found himself adoring the way people had turned the terror Thanos had put them through into a joke. There was a time and place for everything, and he didn’t see a reason why today shouldn’t be that for laughter. For others, at least.
”I love you too, silly.”
”It’s… I can try to
He feels slick leaking down the thighs he has just rubbed clean and squeezes his eyes shut. He needs to just come and then the ache will ease for a while. But even though he’s rock hard and his ass is pulsing in need of attention, he finds it difficult to get over the edge. Clicking his tongue annoyedly, Steve leans against the shower tiles, letting go of his erection. After a while however, pain starts to build up inside of him, his body insisting on more touch.
”Certainly, sir. Shall I order something?”
”It’s all right, honey”, he reassured Tony, pulling his hand away but provoking him by pushing his erection against his ass instead.
Because they won’t be. There’ll be no shared meals, no talks, no nothing. He doesn’t want to see Steve, and he tells him that.
Steve frowned.
I probably make it sound worse than it is, but I do find this to be the darkest moment in AMG, and we know that it hasn't exactly been fluff and sugar this far. That said, there's a lot of love and even sweetness mixed in there too. I feel quite nervous about this chapter, and I can only hope that the reason why I chose to write a chapter like this comes across clearly enough.
”I didn’t want to betray you”, he says plainly. ”I woke up here, in the medical bay. I’d lost some blood. Apparently, I’m quite a mess inside. The doctor says that the serum might fix it, or it might not. I don’t… it might not just be my ability to conceive that got damaged. I don’t know if anything works anymore, really.”
Steve is usually already up and back from his morning run at this hour, and it’s the sound of him showering afterwards that often stirs Tony awake, too. Perfect timing for trying to lure his omega back into bed with him when he steps out of their bathroom with nothing more than a towel to keep him warm. Sometimes Tony even succeeds, but typically he only gets a conversation about who is making breakfast, with a quick kiss at best.
”Darling, you weren’t exactly available. But I can assure you that the younger me would’ve lost his mind had he known he’d one day get to be the one to pop that cherry. God, it’s
”You’ve been good, haven’t you?” Tony says, turning Steve’s head so that he can kiss his way down his throat. ”You deserve a reward, right?”
”, Steve put in.
”Honestly? I couldn’t care less about the Avengers.” Why would he? Even if he cared, Tony’s status as his alpha is still probably the only thing keeping him from being taken into questioning. He cares about the people he used to work with, but the initiative? It’s gone. Fucking Accords, he thinks, catching himself feeling spiteful towards Tony.
”Pretty much”, he’d answered, the corners of his lips curving upwards.
Tony had always been so good to him, Steve thought as he leaned down to kiss Tony’s back. He more than deserved to be taken care of for a change.
Steve’s eyes meet his again briefly, then turn back to the fire. His shoulders slump slightly.
”You’re not impotent, Tony”, he said firmly, moving himself back to eye level with Tony. Things had kind of escalated in the hospital one night and Steve had ended up giving Tony a handjob, so they could assume that it wasn’t a problem stemming from the damage to his brain the shock from the snap had caused. ”And your arm will heal. You just need to have a little patience.”
”He destroyed the stones”, Steve says instantly, anger boiling inside of him. ”The son of a bitch destroyed the stones, Tony.”
It’s almost too much when he remembers that there’s another, another one that’s secure in Tony’s arms right next to him. His eyes meet Tony’s, and what they share is unreal, the bond between them appearing so crystal clear and strong in this moment that it feels like its own entity. Tony’s spilling tears like it’s the end of the world – in some weird, massively positive way, of course – and Steve smiles at him, then follows his eyes to the other flawless being. His heart stops again for second, and he wonders how had he not known that there was something like this in the world, when it’s so obvious, so rich that everything else seems meaningless next to it. It’s like he has loved these two humans from the day he was born himself, or at least from the day he met Tony.
”Don’t listen to Tony. But think about it and let us know.”
”It’s because I am how I am –”
“Then shouldn’t you be the one blowing me?”
The picture falls to the floor, Tony’s fingers having pressed harder and harder against it without him realising. His eyes follow it numbly as it hits the tile with a tiny clank.
Days go by. They start by making an effort to have dinner together every day. Sometimes they talk, but never about them, not about painful things. Sometimes they just sit in silence, and those days are often heavy, leaving Tony a discouraged, anxious mess for the rest of the day. But Steve always sends him feelings of understanding and patience, and it keeps Tony from going back to the bottle or overworking himself numb.
Tony leans against his dresser, nursing a glass of whiskey in his hand. It’s only 2 pm, but he’s far beyond caring about things like decent times for drinking.
”Do you like that? Is that why you offered to dress like this?”
As Tony lies back down, Steve stretches lazily, and Tony finds it endearing. Steve is always so fixed on the kids, their schedule and every little thing in their lives: from knowing every toy by the name to remembering whose parents are who. He has dental appointments pressed into memory, knows when it’s one of their friend’s birthday and what to get them, can tell from the colour which socks are whose – if the twins have the same pair, he’s usually still able to tell by the
”So pretty”, Tony smiles at him frailly, laying his hand over the one Steve has circled around himself, coaxing his strokes, and that finally sends Steve over the edge, crying out as long, white streaks of come coat Tony’s stomach, chest, neck and even his chin. He vaguely registers Tony humming at him appreciatively, his hand still clinging to his as Steve lets go of his cock. He pulls Steve’s trembling body gently into an embrace, Steve following the motion pliantly.
“I said my favorite sight was your face when I enter you, but look at yourself now, Steve”, he tells, his voice unfaltering even though he’s out of breath. “Look at yourself when I make you come, Steve.”
And even though he keeps questioning his choices, he still isn’t doing what he should do now, which is going upstairs and trying to be with his omega and his remaining child. It’s not that he doesn’t want to, but it almost feels like he doesn’t deserve it, like he’s not worthy of them.
