“Avengers, Assemble!” He called into the com before propelling forward, shooting Doom with a rush of energy blasts that exploded around his feet.
Steve ignored the redhead’s comment and reached into his pocket when he felt his phone vibrating.
Steve didn’t answer, just gave a long, pleasant hum and let his eyes slip closed.
They’d been inching closer throughout their display of dominance, almost nose to nose now as they stared each other down. Tension was growing rapidly, and it was just a matter of time now until that thread snapped and the two Avengers were at each other’s throat.
Steve lifts himself up on wobbly knees, grabbing the hand that the big, blond man offers him as an anchor to hoist himself up.
Tony sees the spear twitch in his peripheral.
Answering one last email, Pepper tucked her phone away into her Givenchy clutch and turned her attention to Tony with a hesitant smile. “Sorry about that.”
He let out a cut-off gasp, back arching and hips bucking into the brunet’s touch as the pressure quickly built until he was teetering on the edge of bliss. He came with a quiet grunt, spilling all over Tony’s fingers, coating them in streams of sticky white.
“Yeah, just like that. Keep going.” Mr. Stark whispers to him so faintly he’s not even sure the audio will pick it up.
The brunet smiles slyly and slips another finger inside, moving them in and out in tandem while twisting his wrist, earning a frustrated groan from the other.
He extended the drink again, but Steve just stared at him instead. It wasn’t like he could get drunk anyway.
Tony noticed a familiar green hooded silhouette standing at the forefront of the iron battalion and recognized the villain immediately as Victor von Doom.
With a lot of effort Tony manages to tear himself away from Steve’s mouth, getting out of bed and walking over to his closet to pick out some clothes. His back is turned towards the bed, giving the blond an incredible view of his perfectly rounded and evenly tanned butt.
Steve lets out a raspy breath, sitting back against Tony’s lap until he can feel the other man’s dick nudging against his ass.  He moans, spreading his thighs apart on either side of Tony’s hips. Tony sits up, using one elbow for leverage while his other hand braces the back of Steve’s neck, pulling him back down for another messy kiss.
Tony felt a hot tingle across his entirety when Steve pulled away, like someone had lit every hair on his body on fire. “Anytime.” He whispered back, still taking in the lifting effect of Steve’s embrace.
Steve gave him a final, gentle pat on the arm before turning around with a deep breath, carefully making his way back into the hospital room.
Tony seems to deflate when he hears Steve speak up, his tone immediately softening as he twists to face him. “There’s an issue at the studio I have to go deal with.”
“Fights been over for a while then, I guess.” He muttered, wondering when he’d passed out.
The billionaire melts into his office chair, breathing heavily and slightly delirious post orgasm. Steve’s pleased with himself and slowly slides his mouth from Tony’s softening cock, dabbing a spot of jizz off of his lip with his thumb. Tony’s eyes are on him the whole time, hazy and dark with desire. He seems to vaguely remember that he’s on the phone and regains some of his composure, shakily removing his hand from the mouthpiece.
“When did you decide to go all Rachel Ray?”
“But still Steve, all this stuff…I know I’m not very useful right now but you really don’t have to do all this. I can pay you back.” Bucky said dejectedly.
“I don’t think you’re fit to drive. Keys.”
Shockingly, Tony found himself actually having a good time. He’d never really considered the elderly as good company, being a science and tech man himself. Of course he was all about the respecting your elders ideal, you know, when your elders were cute grandmas and grandpas, not bloodsucking investors and bureaucrats.
“You okay?” He asked.
“Thanks.” Bucky muttered, still holding a teeny grudge against the little tin of cheap noodles as he grabbed the now open can of Chef Boyardee. He didn't even bother to put the metallic, tomato flavored slop in a bowl and heat it up and instead just set it down on the counter and shoved his spoon right into the can like some sort of animal.
“I’ll take that as a yes.” Tony laughed, pressing a gently kiss just below Steve’s navel.
Plain as day he saw Bucky there, his expression furious as he loomed over the desk. Steve could see his friend’s fists clenching and unclenching, a tick he recognized as Bucky consciously trying to
If it wasn’t so late and he hadn’t already had sex three or four times since noon, Steve might have protested, but warm buzz from the alcohol was quickly lulling him into sleep and in less than a few minutes he was snoring softly.
Tony’s face is blank for a second, but then realization dawns and he shoots the other a look, shaking his head slightly. “I don't know Steve, this is some pretty intense BDSM stuff, it’s not like the things you’ve done so far.”
Steve swiped a thumb over the screen of his smartphone, well averse with this little piece of tech by now. He quickly read through the text he received from a number he didn’t recognize.
The advertisement made him stop in his tracks, hovering his mouse over the red ‘x' in the upper right corner.
Of course he would, Steve was the finest human specimen, any artist would love to immortalize him.
His breathing picks up as he tips closer to the edge, tiny noises of pleasure slipping past his lips. Steve's eyelids begin drooping, mouth slightly parted in a completely wanton expression as he feels the pressure in his abdomen start to tighten.
To be fair it was still probably one of the healthiest relationships he’d ever had.
“I’m sorry to interrupt Sir, but Captain Rogers is needed in the debriefing room.”
“So, Steve.” The CEO begins, not making any attempt to hide his obvious ogling of the younger man’s body. “I’m not going to ask why you want to join our team, I think we both know the answer to that, so instead I’m just going to skip to the juicier questions. What turns you on?”
With a glass of what looked to be bourbon in hand, Mr. Stark rolled his office chair over to the tripod that was stationed directly in front of him.
“Do I look like I give a shit about morale, Stark? You pay me to direct, not to coddle your little gang of thespians.” Fury scoffed.
Here's hoping the next update doesn't take so long...
“Awesome. See you later.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stock photos?” He repeated slowly.
The scene has him on his back, sprawled out on a big, cushy bed with one guy between his legs and one guy fucking his mouth. He’d never been in a three way before, let alone as the centre of attention. Steve thought he would be nervous or overwhelmed by the constant pumping in and out at both ends, but all he can think of as he’s being double teamed is
There was a heavy atmosphere as Steve let that sink in, but after a few minutes he seemed to get a grip on himself and pushed off of the wall. “I see.”
“Geez Tony, what the hell is that? Jet fuel?” He said, handing the flask back to the brunet.
A slow grin stretched across the older man's face, and Tony felt an eerie chill race up his spine. “I never said these were about you.”
Geez, this place really took its security seriously, Steve supposed that was a good thing.
Steve followed the woman down the halls, captivated by the sheer enormity of the place. It really was more like a hotel than a studio, he thought, looking at all the rooms and facilities. They had their own pool and spa, as well as a dozen other luxuries.
Steve almost let slip out, but he bit his lip and hastily derailed that train of thought.
Tony palmed himself through his jeans, more turned on at the sight than he would like to admit. He unzipped his pants and let out a sigh as the strain of a metal zipper against his cock was relieved.  He stumbled to find the bottle of hand lotion on his desk, fishing his dick out of his pants and started jerking himself off, eyes glued to the screen as Steve continued to take a beating.
When the Avengers Initiative was proposed, Tony knew it was a bad idea. Getting a team of brash, cocky hot-headed super heroes to fight together and defend humanity was one thing, but getting them to behave in a civilized manner outside of battle was a whole other challenge.
He pushed the papers on his desk aside, setting his pen down. He opened the file and pushed the play button, reclining comfortably in his office chair with eyes fixed on the screen.
Steve knew this would come up eventually. Bucky was on medical leave and he quit bussing tables a few weeks ago, it made sense for him to wonder how they were still in the green, considering they only ever skirted past it before.
! What they were doing right now was probably a huge HR nightmare. Besides, the man was a successful billionaire, as if he’d want to sleep with someone who literally got paid to fuck strangers.
Ignoring the comment, Fury pointed his thumb at Steve. “Your little prodigy here can't put on a show for shit.” He snapped.
As the rest of the crew dealt with um, ‘cleanup’, Steve moved off to the other end of the room to grab a warm towel off the refreshment table so he could wash his face. He dabbed at a spot in his hair, frowning as he tried his best to wipe it out. His hair still felt stiff and tacky when he’d managed to get most of it out. He was definitely going to need a shower.
“Natasha, Tony –“
Well I’ll be damned, Steve thought. His plan was really progressing well if Tony was the one texting him to go out together. He quickly tapped out a reply, letting Tony know in a casual and completely not upfront way that he would love to go to the game.
Tony nods, seeming relieved that Steve is so understanding. Steve realizes that a lot of people might have taken this personally, but he knows better than that.
Time was crunching down on them with moving day just a couple days away. Tony had wanted to hire a crew to handle everything, but Steve had insisted they pack up their personal things themselves.
Pepper blinked. “You’re going to an art museum?
He prods at his hole with one finger, spreading lube over his entrance as he circled the rim. He hasn’t been fucked yet today so there isn’t much give to the muscle. He carefully slips one finger inside, tipping his head back to let out a breathy moan as his ass swallows the first digit up to the second knuckle.
He was brave, commendable, an exemplary soldier, and twice the man Tony Stark would ever be. When he wasn’t focused on running his shady weapons business, instead of spending his free time with his impressionable son, he was off leading expeditions in search of the fallen war hero.
That stunt manages to draw a few choked off moans out of the billionaire, who’s struggling to keep his voice down. Steve can tell that Tony’s close by the steady trickle of salty fluid running over his tongue and the way his legs begin to tremble.
There's a moment of silence between them as Steve glances down at their feet. Tony catches the way he's worrying his bottom lip, like hes debating whether or not to bring something up.
"I'd let you do anything." Steve pants, completely vulnerable and acquiescent to all of Tony’s filthy desires.
After the debriefing, the super soldier made his way down to the gym, taking his frustrations out on the rough textiles of the Kevlar punching bag. His anger was so built up that he’d already torn the seams of the sturdy leather with his punches, spilling a steady stream of sand on the floor. He was punching with such ferocity, that his knuckles were red and bloody beneath the gauze.
“Oh, we’d be here all night if I started talking about my glory days. And that’s only if I skip the really juicy details.” He said, playing with the empty flask.
Well, business mostly but there was still some friendship buried deep in there somewhere.
“Rogers.” He answered, bending down to pick up the shield.
All it took was parting with a vintage Harley that the billionaire never used anyway, because duh he was a billionaire and he could just buy another. That, and he never really had a thing for motorcycles anyway. Cars were much flashier, and Tony Stark loved to overcompensate.
The warning throws him off guard, and he doesn’t react quick enough as the knife plunges into him from behind, protruding out the other side of his abdomen.
“Oh yes, Steve! Welcome. I'll be right down with you, just come on in.”
“Peggy?”
Steve felt a throb go straight to his dick. The question was innocent enough, but he knew Tony was anything but chaste. His eyes shifted around the room, scanning for any other patrons. At 6am on a Saturday it was highly unlikely for anyone else to be at the studio but you never know.
At least he hoped he could.
“So how's the new arm?” Steve asks, reaching over to take a swig of beer.
Bucky stretches out the prosthetic, stiffly maneuvering his fingers into a fist. “Still feels a little off, but I guess that's expected.”
“What? Are you okay?” Steve queried, a flash of panic coursing through him at the urgency in Tony’s voice
He has no idea what these aliens want with him, but he sure as hell hopes the team can get him out of this mess.
?” Tony nearly shouted in response, his voice raised as people shot them passing glances, and he quickly tried to compose himself, really not wanting to cause a scene. He shrank back, shoving his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
“Well, to be fair his plan did work.” Natasha shot back with a raise of her shoulders.
Steve stared at the screen for a long time, contemplating the decision before finally clicking out of the window.
The next morning Steve heads off to SS a little earlier than he normally would.
Steve couldn’t think of anything to say, so he just nodded and left.
Tony stared at him for a long moment, blinking, and then burst out into a fit of laughter.
“Touch your nipples for me. They're sensitive, right?’
Then again, the man owned a porn studio, so of course he probably knew what he was doing. Still, it was like he had a sixth sense for knowing where to touch and how to make someone see legitimate stars.
A couple hours later, Steve was just fixing himself up a quick snack – a half dozen eggs stirred into a glass of milk.
A few weeks had passed since Steve and Tony’s reconciliation, and so far things were going well. Despite what the media claimed, they weren’t quite ‘besties’, although they’d definitely moved up from frenemies to something a little more auspicious.
He was being recruited. To be a
“Well too bad, I do.” Steve said, his voice firm and unyielding. “I’m trying Tony, I really am, but you’re not making it easy. Why do you hate me so much? What have I ever done to you –“
“Rough day?” He asked when he caught Tony’s gaze.
The amount wasn’t insane, but it was way more than he expected to earn working a porn gig. He could easily afford rent, and even had enough money leftover to spend on a few more things. He used most of that money to pay bills, and even went out to get some decent groceries that didn’t come in a can. Steve wasn’t greedy, there wasn’t really anything substantial he wanted. Maybe when he earned a little mote he might go out and buy the parts he was missing and finally get that motor bike that Bucky and him fished out of the trash working, but that wasn’t really a priority. Right now it was just nice not having to worry about making rent on time.
Steve shifts, letting the other guy pull back as he slides down off the bed and onto the carpeted floor, sitting up on his knees. The blond once again pushes past his lips while the dark-skinned man begins hastily jerking himself off inches from his face.
Of course, going from struggling to pay rent to practically throwing money away drew some suspicion from his best friend and roommate.
A fiery redhead sauntered into view, dressed in skin tight leather that hugged her curves perfectly, the zip of the catsuit drawn all the way down to show massive amounts of cleavage that would make a playboy magazine weep.
The toddler waddled over to put the toy in the box and that’s when Steve noticed the strangely familiar outfit that the teddy was wearing.
Still, he couldn’t get that stupidly gorgeous goateed face out of his head.
Tony….
Tony, dumbstruck, was trying to get his mouth and brain working long enough to put together a string of words in order to answer Steve because not answering him would be rude and he was pretty sure that being rude to Captain America is probably a national crime punishable by law.
Steve had to physically restrain himself from rolling his eyes and scoff at the petty worship, he did want these peoples money after all, but it was kind of hard to keep his boner when all he could picture was a group of middle-aged, lonely guys desperately getting off to him on the other end of the camera. Still, the rent had to get paid somehow, so he just closed his eyes and pictured Leonardo DiCaprio.
“Fuck.” Tony muttered under his breath. Steve’s ears detected the muffled sound of a zipper sliding and skin moving against fabric.
“Maybe I do.” He spits back, encroaching on Steve’s personal space. “What are you gonna do about it if I do? Go cry to daddy like some snot nosed brat?” He hissed, getting in the blond’s face.
Tony’s beard tickled him in a way that only made him more aroused, and before long Steve could feel the sticky ooze of pre-cum dripping onto his belly.
Tony finally makes eye contact, fixing him with a hard gaze. “Look Steve, I knew you weren’t cut out for this since day one.” He said harshly, and Steve actually recoiled from the impact of that statement. He’d been apprehensive, sure, but Tony had been so certain of his potential. He’d been nervous the first time, of course he had, but he’d never been ashamed of what he was doing.
“Could you boys maybe save the smooching for
Steve’s posture immediately straightened when he saw his teammate walking towards him, hands tucked into the pockets of his leather jacket, a mildly irritated expression on his face.
Steve frowned. “Hey, don’t worry about it. You took care of me after my mom died, I'm just returning the favor.”
” Bucky spat, shaking his face. “Why didn’t you just
“Completely serious You blew right by Sam,” She said grinning at the mentioned actor. Steve glanced over to Sam apologetically, but he only held a hand up and shook his head.
On the not so good days, he would let Steve come down to his workshop while he tinkered. Barely anyone was allowed down here – Pepper, Rhodey, sometimes Bruce -- and never of their own volition, but Tony was tired of seeing Steve look like someone had stolen his puppy on Christmas morning so he’d given him the access codes with a free invitation to come whenever he liked. Steve just needed someone to keep him company, and honestly, he enjoyed having him there more than he allowed himself to realize.
Tony scoffed, leaning back further in his chair, balancing the flimsy seat on its two back legs for a moment before dropping forward. “I don’t know if you noticed Cap, but you and I aren’t exactly friends.”
He’s been fucked so many times now there’s barely any resistance as Tony slides right in, bracing himself with his hands on Steve’s thighs.
Steve quickly shut his sketchbook so that she wouldn’t catch what he’d been drawing, not really sure why he felt like he’d just been caught doing something far more inappropriate than sketching a teammate. He sketched his teammates all the time, including Tony.
“Nick, what have I told you about verbally abusing the actors?”
Assuming Tony wouldn’t mind, Steve just snags a pair of his and slipw them on, fully intending to wash and return them. They’re a little snug over his ass, but he’ll take that over the chaffing of going commando.
He wasn’t gentle, and Steve could barely suppress a gag when he felt the fat head hit the back of his throat. Rumlow didn’t give him any time to adjust, forcing him further down on his cock, using his mouth with about as much consideration as he would give a fleshlight.
Steve showed Tony to his usual table, tucked away in the corner by the window.
“You said you need me, right? Well if you leave him alone I’ll come with you.” He continues, slowly inching his way between them. “Just let him live and I’ll go quietly.”
“You’re supposed to be giving me sexy, but instead I’m getting ‘I
“You want to go out to lunch.” He reiterated slowly, drawing out every syllable. “With me.”
He pressed his hips into the bed as he felt the slick muscle slide against his hole, licking its way inside of him. He’d never had anyone’s tongue down there before, never thought he wanted that, but Tony knew just how to curl his tongue in a way that made Steve’s brain turn to mush.
we’ve dealt with the aliens?”
Natasha Romaoff, one of Tony’s personal favorites. She was fierce, self-assured and smoking hot, a fan favorite of his clients as well.
The man ignores his outstretched hand, looking him up and down in a slow, creeping way that sent an unpleasant shiver up his spine. The guy – Rumlow, Steve remembers from Tony’s phone call, just scoffs at him.
Tony tries to keep talking business but he’s stuttering and stumbling over his words, grunting softly every time Steve takes him further down his throat. He kept going until his jaw started to hurt, but a little bit of discomfort wasn’t going to stop him. Steve moaned pornographically, sliding his mouth up the shaft and swiping his tongue teasingly over Tony’s slit to collect the bead of pre-cum. He learned that little trick from the pretty brunette in studio 2.
Bucky raised an eyebrow at him, expression dumbfounded.
Dazed, Steve looked around the room and quickly recognized the sweet, acrid smell of disinfectant and the overly white, sterile room.  He was back at the Avengers’ Medical bay.
Tony flew by Clint as he shot another explosive arrow that exploded by the creatures face, which made it screech loudly.
Steve swiped over his face one last time with a chuckle, turning to see his other co-star walking over. “Don’t worry about it. It was uh, it was good. The messier the better, right?” He laughed, lowering the now soiled rag from his face. “I don’t think I caught your name earlier?”
Steve finished reading the agreement and copied his signature onto the e-document, feeling good about this.
Hala doesn’t look too happy at the defiance, gripping the spear in her hand, looking ready to fight.
The rest of the team had immediately caught on to the fact that the eruptive nature between the two team leaders seemed to quiet down as of late, which came as a shock to all of them. All of them except for Natasha of course, having known early on about Steve’s elaborate plan. Though she did seem a bit surprised that the short tempered soldier had actually managed to get Tony onto his good side.
Steve frowned, but stood his ground. When the two heroes clashed, it was the visual representation of an immovable object meeting an unstoppable force.
Tony let that sink in. He knew Steve was virtuous and all that, but he’d never expected him to have zero sexual experience. There was something a little…refreshing about that, actually.
“3….2…1…Okay, action.”
Steve looked at him for a moment through his cowl, expression unreadable until he cracked a smile and gave a genuine laugh. “Then you can walk home.”
Really tight fitting, Tony remarked with a straying glance at the super soldier’s behind.
Or at least he wasn’t until he heard muffled shouting coming from down the hall.
The woman lifted her head, an equal look of surprise on her face, old eyes tearing up at the sight of him. “Steve? Oh, it is you.”
Steve repressed the urge to roll his eyes at Tony’s ridiculous introduction and instead shook his hand.
It's a beautiful specimen and Steve can't help but marvel at it. He's seen a lot of dicks in his life – in person and on screen, but there was something special about this one. Tony's wasn’t quite as big as him, but that's not to say he's small. What Steve has over him in length Tony more then makes up for in girth. Steve can already feel the ache in his jaw as he takes in every inch of Tony's cock and then pulls up again, lips wet and gliding easily up the thick shaft.
He hadn’t told Bucky that he was trying out for porn – the guy was stressed enough as it is, and could be a total mother hen sometimes. He was still trying to ingrain in Bucky's thick skull that he wasn’t the same skinny, sickly kid he'd been in middle school, Steve didn’t need to give him any more reason to worry about him.
Tony spent the next couple of days hiding away in his workshop, working on improvements for his newest armor. Considering what happened to the last one, he needed some serious upgrades.
“But Tony…” He tried, using the other man’s name like a lifeline.
The man had been his dear friend in the war, and Steve could not forget that, but he didn’t doubt that Howard had been a terrible father.
On the side of the door there was a computer padlock, and Steve punched the extension number that was given to him in the email. He bounced on the balls of his feet nervously, and the line picked up after three rings.
Steve gave a small smile. Sam was a good guy, he could see them being friends outside of the studio. Bucky would probably get along with him too, maybe even open up to him.
Slouching back into the leather, which was starting to feel tacky from his own body heat, Steve closed his fist around the base of his shaft, giving himself a couple firm pumps.
The person on the other end of the line speaks up, and Steve recognizes the sharp, frantic shrill of Pepper’s voice on the other end. Tony listens, irritated at first but then his face changes and he sits up abruptly.
He never thought his dick sucking skills would turn out to be one of his greatest work assets, but hey, use what you got to your advantage he supposed.
“Hm? Oh yeah, of course you can put your clothes back on. There are no shoots planned so I guess you’re done for the day. I’ll have Pepper send you some contracts I think you'll be good for, you can take a look at them later.”
“You’re meeting Shellhead to hang out. On your day off. Just you and him.” He listed, as if going through some mental checklist of the defining points of a date. “It’s 100% a date.”
Steve rolled out of the line of fire and flung his shield, hitting each of the turrets with focused precision, ending the battle simulation. Once that was over he reached into his pocket, having barely worked up a sweat.
She crooned, pressing her fingers against Steve’s lips. Steve parted his lips with a small moan, inviting Natasha’s fingers into his mouth, tasting his own seed.
“Where did you find it?”
Tony kept his guard up until Rumlow was out of sight, then knelt down to get Steve out of his leather bindings and help him up, keeping him steady as he slowly rose on trembling legs. Tony must have noticed how wobbly he was because his brows pinched into a worried expression.
“Now what?” He breathed, voice low and eager for instruction.
“Hello Tony.”
Steve let out a muffled stream of incoherent curses as the robot continued to fuck him, fingers curling into his palms until his nails left crescent shaped dents in his skin. He moved his hips as much as he could with the leather straps keeping him tied down, humping the air with tiny, shallow thrusts, desperately trying to find some relief.
Tony snorted and reached for a cracker that looked like it was topped with some sort of aromatic goat’s cheese, prosciutto, and something red – tomatoes, maybe? Or peppers, he really couldn’t tell.
He shifts in the bed, maneuvering himself awkwardly onto his back, struggling a bit since there’s a human octopus currently latched onto his side.
Steve wraps his fingers around each cock, listening to the sound of slick skin and heavy breathing as he pumps vigorously. Both men hovering above him are breathing hard, letting small grunts of pleasure slip through as Steve fists their cocks, working them to their peaks.
Steve’s stance is unwavering, his eyes narrowed on the douchebag in front of him. “Good, then maybe we can get through the next couple weeks like civilized people.” He says firmly.
Still a bit high from climax, Steve clumsily reached for his pants and slipped them on, pulling his shirt back over his head. He was curious to know what kind of roles Tony thought he could play, but he decided to save it for later.
They slowed their pace, coming to a halt just outside of the museum lobby. The way Steve was looking at him, eyes so blue Tony swore he could see his reflection.
After cleaning off and actually managing to get his clothes on Steve was ready to take on the day. He’d had time for coffee and an early lunch with Natasha before it was time for him to head off to his shoot, which he wasn’t really looking forward to. At this point, he’d mostly gotten over being camera shy, but dealing with Rumlow after their last encounter had left a deep pit in his stomach.
Tony assumed that by ‘me’ he meant Jarvis, and by ‘took me a while’ he meant took him a while to figure out how to use the tracking device on his Starkphone, but he kept those thoughts to himself.
I can’t believe I’m saying this, but Loki is the least of our problems right now. He’s definitely up to something, but King Dick and the heir to his throne are up to something faster, and we need to find out what.
P.S You are having a lawyer!!
Penny,
Penny
As for the act, no, I can't just drop it and I can't just ignore it. I'm sorry, I know you want me to and I know it would be better for you and Jamie if I did. And you're right, I did say I would put you first. I did mean it, I will try, but (and I know you'll call me corny) when I got home and you gave James to me and he was holding onto my shirt like that, I just wanted to be the best man I could be. Even the worst people put their families first. Even Sin was doing that, trying to avenge her poor daddy and all. Once you start putting your family above everyone else, what's next? People from your street, from your country, from your race? If everyone only looks after their own at the expense of everyone else, pretty soon you end up with Nazis or Daesh or I don't know, the KKK.
JAMES:
She’ll agree with me. Don’t you, Penny? He has a Cap voice.
I still don't think you can get away with sneaking around his house to look at his stuff. You don't have any actual evidence that anything is in that closet. What if you go to all this trouble and it is just shoes or something?
Natasha,
I've made sure to get my blood checked by a doctor by the way. No signs of cancer or anything.
P.S. When you get better, we're going to have a talk about you hanging out with Loki. Even if he is a girl now.
You realise extradition is a thing, right? They could arrest me and send me back any time. I don't think any of the other passengers are interested though.
Steve was just worried that I had a problem with him dating you. It sounded like he was worried about coming between us, it seems important to him that we have a good relationship. He is always talking you up and defending you you know :P
Penny,
Natasha
Steve xx
As for Osbourne, maybe he did work on her? You should ask Wanda, she'd know.
Look, this Loki thing is obviously freaking you out, so fine. I'll stay away from him. It wasn't like I was seeking him out anyway, we just ran into each other from time to time. I promise I'll avoid him from now on though.
an excuse for violence against women. That's why we are starting our campaign, calling on Captain America to confess to and face justice for his crimes. That is what a real hero would do.
Two, People were in danger, I had to go whether I trusted Loki or not. Which for the record I didn't, not after the punch thing.
Did you miss the part where I told you to say no?
Well Aunt May told me to come home tonight...she was a stern, which isn't like her....I hope everything is okay.
Second-
I hate to say it...but she might have a point there. The Thor clone was made because he was such a power house and there might be a time when we need that...but I can see how S.H.I.E.L.D could go from there to rationalising the cloning of other heroes....
I just want to forget all about this, pretend it never happened, come home and take care of you and the kid. But I can't. Because when people start putting their own loved ones ahead of everyone else's, that's how wars start.
Tony,
Nattie,
It would be a little embarrassing to send Dr Banner fan mail, he'd probably just think I was a weirdo. Also you really took his Bunsen burner? You are a billionaires! You are telling me you don't have a George Foreman or something?
Listen. Sam told me there's a marriage counsellor at the veteran's centre. He said they specialise in couples where one or both partners have been off to war and they've had a long separation. I doubt they often deal with couples that have been at war with each other, and I'll be honest, I'm not really happy about the idea of airing all our dirty laundry to a stranger and asking them to sort it out. But I know you think therapy can be helpful, after all, that's why you went to Atkins. I'm just saying, if you want to try it, I will.
For now, though, your regularly scheduled Paternity Problems...
I didn't think you'd be too keen on letting me have Harry over, so it would have just been Mary Jane and Gwen. I guess I understand why you can't allow it though, so that is fine. I'll tell them it is a no go, but maybe I'll take you up on that beach house offer for the next movie night.
-kay, okay, here’s the typed one, now, action! [paper rustling]
I'm not sure how long that cradle is meant to take, but if Wanda is still sitting by her brother's bed side after I go, you either need to make her go to sleep or give her more coffee. She takes it black.
Dear Mr Stark,
If you talk to the press they'll think I just bullied you into it. They've made up their minds already.
P.S So how does this badge work? Does it like track my heart rate or would I need to activate it or something? And what do you mean by activate? Does it send a signal to the police or is it like a rape alarm?
Penny,
Penny
And it is different to a gun register! People go out and buy a gun. For whatever reason, they want to have one; maybe they want to have it to hurt someone. People with powers (usually) didn't ask and couldn't get rid of them if they wanted to. You might call it 'a little loss of privacy' but for some people their privacy is their only hope of a normal life.
Important parts- Ultron is gone and dealt with. The two enhanced that he was working with that helped us out are going to stay here until we work out what to do with them, assuming the cradle can work its magic on Speedy. We’re searching for Osbourne, who we’re guessing managed to hit you with some kind of hallucinogenic. You seem okay otherwise. No broken bones, at least, but you’ve been out of it a couple of days. We have no idea where the hell Loki is, and I’m not sure if that’s good or bad. Also, I don’t really know why Osbourne didn’t kill you. Answers on a postcard please.
Okay, so... let's look at it this way:
I didn't choose the colour. Turns out I haven't quite worked out all my powers yet and the ability to make my own suit is among them. I'm still working it out but it is pretty cool, and a lot easier then wearing my suit under my clothes in this stupid weather.
Okay, where is he now?
It wasn't supposed to be like this! I was barely past it being theoretical....but Pym and Reed must have looked at it while I was away and...
So why don't you submit the code? Is it the same reason you don't publish anything about the suit? Could he be made dangerous?
Penny.
Mitigating circumstances- Rogers was found to have evaded the law in the first instance, but due to his voluntary surrender the sentence was reduced= Guilty
Penny,
(See the end of the chapter for
Before you tell me off for not answering my phone, you were right about them not working in Asgard. I would have called you on the way back, but my battery was almost dead and I had to check in with Aunt May.
And I did talk to Wanda about Steve. And she told me he is looking into moving out to Washington with them to train up a new team of Avengers, which he has not mentioned to me at all. So yeah, remind me not to listen to you.
Alright, I'm sorry. Even the rabbit wasn't that bad, it raised a lot of money for the children's hospital. Thanks for letting me auction it <3
P.S. Have you seen Harry lately? I’m hearing rumours the King of the Dicks hasn’t been seen round the office for a while.
We've been over this and over this Cap, the laws is there so that people don't do anything stupid or reckless with their powers! We are putting the end to reality tv shows that get people killed! Keeping tabs on these guys lets us make sure there powers are being used for good, and we are going to start offering training to those who need a little help with control. Yes, a little bit of privacy is being sacrificed, but it is no different to having a log of everyone who owns a gun!
Of course, the more likely is explanation is that, hearkening back to her single days, Ms Stark has been out partying and mingling with any and every single young man on the block. But as long as she continues to remain resolutely silent on her personal life, all we can do is speculate!
Tony,
Natasha,
Guilty
Natasha,
My name is Penelope Parker, I'm 16 and I think you might be my Dad.
Tony,
Osbourne
Yours sincerely,
I see. Guess I wasn't hard to replace for Steve.
Speaking of secrets, what exactly are you going to tell Aunt May to convince her to come to the tower? She'll want to know why you think Loki is after me, and even if you do, that doesn't mean she'll agree to leave her home and I'm not going anywhere without her.
As for working this out... I'm sorry, but I don't see how we can without settling this debate about the act once and for all; or at least, not without having it out properly and privately. I'm not talking about whether the act is law or whether the public support us, or even about the two of us agreeing because it doesn't look like we will. But I think maybe we do need to talk about it, talk about everything that's happened, or the poison is just going to build up again.
Steve
She is already freaked out over the whole Osborn thing, I didn't want to stress her out any more! Anyway now she thinks I have a potential boyfriend, and gets to fuss, which will take her mind off things.
Because she is already worried about me! I don't want to make it worse! Anyway, Loki is my friend, even if his actions were a little misguided. It isn't fair to take him back to Asgard when he hasn't done anything wrong.
Penny,
Not so common, however, is the emergence of new super-human vigilantes. This is assumed to be a direct result of the SHRA, suggesting that perhaps super-humans newly discovering their powers are either registering immediately or simply avoiding public demonstration of the fact in order to keep out of trouble. There is one clear exception, however, and that is the hero known as 'Nomad'.
So you were looking into me before you knew I was your daughter?
I'm glad you're on my side, but we can deal with stupid stories in the press later. Let's just make sure we remind people to vote on the issue and not on the people standing for them.
STOP TALKING TO LOKI. He is a mass murder,
I'm sorry Steve.
STEVE:
Maybe changing my hair back can be your present when you come home :P
Nattie... Captain America is supposed to stand for democracy and justice. I guess I haven't done a very good job of representing democracy lately, but justice I can still do. You have to let this run its course naturally, without trying to sway juries or get fancy lawyers. If I haven't done anything wrong, I won't be convicted. We have to try to believe that.
That the clone was a bad idea
P.S I may not have given the plans for my suit to the Government, but I have always been accountable for my actions! And even if the act passes, they are still Stark Company property. All that will change is that I have a licence to fly the suit, one that can be taken if i ever go too far.
Penny,
Thank you for your recent letter. However, due to the high volume of inquiries of this nature Mr Stark receives, he is unable to respond to each in person. If you wish to further pursue your enquiry, you must ask your legal advisor to arrange for a court-sanctioned paternity test. As a minor, it is acceptable to have your parent/guardian undertake this action on your behalf. If successful in your application, Mr Stark will be happy to submit to the procedure.
Penny,
You look like a Cockatoo. That picture is my new screensaver :P
They will get a fair trial! It'll just take time...The system has a lot of cases to process and this is all pretty new. The trials are bound to be slow to start.
For a genius you are kind of an idiot! You know he'll be wondering not only why you wanted the tape, but also why you lied about me right?
Anyway, it seems like we have more of a plan of what to do. Let's deal with the clone first, and then the sentencing. Any idea how long this house arrest will last? I didn't exactly pay attention.
We asked Laura to elaborate on what exactly she thought these tensions were, and the answer was simple- Natasha Stark is a challenge to the traditional male dominance of the husband. Not only is she the main bread-winner, but she kept her own name after her marriage, something that simply wouldn't have been done in the 1930s and 1940s. 'What we have here,' Laura summarised, 'Is a man trying to find his place in the modern world, and reclaim the position and power he feels his wife has taken from him by keeping her own name.'
I know you've rejected me in every sense, but I just wanted you to know my door is always open, under whatever terms you want. If you want a confidential session, that's what we'll do. I just want to help you cope with your situation.
Natasha didn't tell me she was thinking of seeing a therapist.
Penny
My haircut is fine, leave it alone. Anyway, by the time I come back home it will have grown out again. As for 'Freedom123', remind me again, who exactly set that up for me?
Best wishes,
Okay something bad happened, so could you come out of the lab please?
Tony,
Penny.
Loki should never have left you alone with Harry. And, like I keep saying, for all we know this is all part of his plan. He's a liar, remember. He's good at it.
Yours sincerely.
Peter and her seem pretty close, from what I can gather she basically raised him after his parents disappeared. It is nice to see a family that actually get on...
AUNT MAY WON’T COPE IF YOU DIE
Well I'd love to help you out if I can. It would be great have a professional level camera on my phone. It would mean I could leave my current camera at home, which would be great as it isn't exactly compact.
My Mom passed away when I was Seven...so she isn't around to answer my questions. You might not be able to either, but I thought at least we could try...
They haven't asked me to testify yet, just Reed and Pym. I think it is they think it'll be a conflict of interest or something....I doubt they'll call me unless they are desperate.
Grow up.
Dear Tony,
Not going to lie, slightly offended you compared one of my parties to a high school prom. This will be better because a) there will be alcohol and b) Loki and Prince Dick won’t be there. Look, just invite a couple of friends if it’ll make you feel better; the above excluded.
Yours Sincerely,
Yeah, yeah, super strength, I DON’T CARE. Did you miss how many of us Loki almost took out last time? You have no real experience, and you’re on your own. You’d be dead in 30 seconds if it suited him.
Don't give them the satisfaction! You know as well as I do that they would only call it more 'evidence'. Look, we should either release an official statement or ignore it entirely. People will realise it's just nonsense to sell papers. Or... get people to look at a website. You know what I mean.
If I do that then Aunt May will get suspicious. Look I'll just avoid him like the plague. It won't be too hard, that school is pretty big after all.
You know I was against that show from the start, I always said amateurs shouldn't meddle in things they don't understand; and that is exactly what happens when you stop superhumans from governing themselves. We're there to handle what the police and government can't. We should be working with them, not for them. I had my fill of all powerful governments in the 40s. What we do is about helping people, not politics. I'm not going to register. I can't.
If you wake up first don't let me sleep too long okay?
Plus you know. I HAVE SUPER STRENGTH!!! You don't need to wrap my in cotton wool, I can take care of myself!
Natasha xx
Have fun on your date I guess. And don't wear anything slutty.
Did Thor tell you anything?
Steve
NATASHA: Yeah, lucky for him he takes after me.
But then you showed up and paid my bail, so if anything you just proved my point; even though I know you think that opinion is ridiculous. So, you know, more fool you :P
Steve,
Are you upset about me spending time with Cap? I told you I won't tell him I'm your kid. He is just being friendly. Anyway you are the one who suggested I train with him. You can't really complain if I say yes..
Please come home.
P.S. My dad never apologised to me. On the rare, rare occasion he felt guilty, he just bought me something. So I guess what I’m trying to say is sorry. If I need to apologise for trying to do something nice for you, then I’m sorry.
STEVE: He did, today. He reminded me how to get in here now you've gotten rid of my access codes.
And there we have it, the end! Thank you to everyone who got this far :) We certainly never expected as many hits/kudos as we got, and we have been so grateful for the support <3 We had a lot of fun writing this; so much in fact that our next story is well under way and will start posting sometime in mid-November. We'll see you then... in Earth-3490!!
How was it irresponsible? If anything the kid's life will be better, since he doesn't have to keep constantly sneaking out of class! People can make allowances for him now!
Nattie,
The whole thing is ridiculous. I mean, the whole premise is ludicrous- she looks sincere and therefore can't be sincere? She's a woman and therefore it must be because she hasn't had babies? It's a joke, Nattie, really. People won't take it seriously.
Steve,
You don’t know how high school parties work, do you? You do an open invite, and then passive-aggressively
I have finished my analysis of Mrs Stark's movements and schedule on the day of James' disappearance. Besides your trial and a meeting with Dr Reed and Pym, she appears to have had a therapy session with Dr Atkins.
NATASHA: We can't hold them anywhere else. You know other prisons aren't suitable..
Did you ever watch the Wizard of Oz? Look for that. Except my boots and a mine shaft instead of a house and red sparkly pumps.
It's okay about the tower, Cap says he knows of an old gym we can use. Apparently the owner gave him a key or something, so he can go in whenever he wants. As long as he replaces the punches bag, Cap told me he buys in bulk because he goes through like 3 a week. I guess he finds his strength a little hard to control when he gets into it.
STEVE:
STEVE: Will it take long for him to heal? I was reading on the internet, they said children that premature... sometimes they can't breathe, or their heart doesn't work right, or...
Penny,
So… what is Spiderman like?
Tony,
Here’s the thing- I thought I couldn’t access the security footage from the tower with Jarvis; but I kind of forgot that a certain traffic-light man has most of J’s access codes and programs. Which is a nice way of me saying:
. Shield is in pieces and what little remains is too busy fighting each other to be any help, so you’re the only one that can handle this. Be careful.
Penny
Penny,
Gwen tutors Flash Thompson in Math and wants me to talk to him about what he said at Prom. Apparently he has asked about me a few times. I've told her I'm not going to, but she won't drop it.
I will water the plants and pick up your mail. Tell me which books you want and I’ll get those too. I will also punch Loki in the face.
NATASHA: James.
Penny,
But seriously, yeah, he wants us to be friends. He was pretty mad I didn’t tell him about you right away, but I’m just about forgiven now. He’s really anxious for you to like him, so play nice, okay? And of course he talks me up, he is madly in love with me. I tend to have that effect on people.
Sorry for the confusion!
Other Important Note!- Age of Ultron comes out TOMORROW here in the UK, and Blackthorn and I are super excited to see it. That said, the next 40+ letters at least will be spoiler-free, and if any creep in thereafter they will be clearly labelled. Please keep spoilers out of the comments too, but feel free to PM us and gush <3
with his baby son.
Steve,
I called Jen, apparently she knows this Murdock guy and rates him. She said she'll arrange a meeting, but she think he might take a little convincing. Apparently he was pretty against the whole super hero registration act thing, so i'm not exactly his favourite person right now. Jen says she'll try and convince him I want to help, but if I hit a brick wall we might have arrange for him to meet you instead.
NATASHA: You said you'd help me! You promised! And now here I am alone!
That's what I want, but honestly, I'm finding it hard to see how we can. James getting kidnapped like that united us, but the things that were driving us apart are still there. You still haven't done anything about the clone- Thor was our friend, and he died, and that thing is a disgrace. You had a part in that, and that doesn't sit easy with me. I'm not sure it ever will, either, if I'm totally honest. But I think we can move past it if you just take some responsibility- like you're always saying we should- and do something about it. You know as well as I do Shield will use that clone as long as it's in their hands.
Penny,
P.S My Mom's note book was in the briefcase. I photo copied some pages for you.
Oh also you are in Canada. Seemed like the safest place to hide you from the American Government.
Yours,
There is something I need to ask, and I hope you don't take it the wrong way. Do I have any siblings anywhere? Because those letters your Lawyers sent seems to be kind of a template...it seemed like this wasn't the first time this has happened to you.
STEVE: Because this isn't the sort of world I want him to grow up in.
Okay...I may have left a couple details out about the whole Loki situations at school, but that was only because you were freaking out every time I brought him up! So remember how I said that my friends thought I had a crush on him because I was trying to keep an eye on/avoid him? Well after he came to talk to me at my locker that time, the girls sort of invited him to eat lunch with us..
Your ever sexy wife Natasha.
Please inform Mr Stark that I am not interested in his money.
Grey is Tony, blue is... who knows??
I'm not stupid.
and my father's legacy was nothing but hideousness and insanity. Even your baby laughs at me.
Do you have to keep fighting this? The law is in place...you going to jail won't change anything. Please...just come home to me, to our son...I don't want him to see you behind bars.
Oh that sucks, you two were a good couple. Couldn't you try long distance?
Penny
Maybe Xavier's school would take me, but it is too far away. I can't leave Aunt May all on her own.
Wait you said Steve lived upstairs...is it Steve?
P.S. Latest opinion polls are putting the 'No' vote at 52.5%. :P I hope you have something good to pull out at your little press conference tomorrow or you are going down. (And not in the usual way I mean when I say that. I'm saving that for the next secret liaison....)
I don't think Aunt May would be too happy if I suggested dropping out of school, even to work for Stark Industries. She has her heart set on me going to college. I was thinking of applying to MIT, isn't that where you went? Did you enjoy it?
Penny-
You realise you have a guy on your team who may not even be old enough to vote on the issue right?
Reckless Endangerment of Life
I hope I didn't get you in too much trouble...Fury seemed pretty mad that you sneaked Loki in. If it helps, I'm feeling much better and the latest tests didn't show any signs of Venom.
Two weeks, huh? Great, we’ll throw a party this weekend. A birthday/saving the world party type thing. It’ll be fun.
P.S. Let me get an up close look of those web shooters sometime?
How did you get on with all those politicians behind the scenes? How many were there because they actually agree with the act and how many were there just to get their names in the papers and to try and win votes? How many do I need to punch because they tried to feel you up?
I guess i'll just have to dye my hair back and go with wigs after all. Oh well, atleast i'll be able to try out a load of different styles.
Okay, seriously, if all Steve did was swear at MarioKart you got off lightly. He doesn’t seem to get that there’s a division between the virtual and the physical, or he pretends he doesn’t. Clint once made the mistake of sprawling on the floor to play and Steve kicked him in the back of the head to distract him long enough to overtake. He once told me he could smell smoke from the lab so he could hit me with a shell. Seriously, he is a right
The question on everyone's lips therefore can only be 'How did he get away with it for so long?', and the answer, as always, must be 'How do you think?'. Because he was designed to be a national hero. Because he was propaganda, and the Allies could not afford to show any stain. Because of the misogynist beliefs of the 1940s that meant a man's reputation was more important than the safety of the women he came into contact with, that meant late Industrialist Howard Stark would have felt obliged to buy and squash the photographs before they were ever made public. After all, he was instrumental in the Super Soldier program, designing and building the machines that would emit the necessary gamma radiation to activate Erskine's formula; the same formula that, at an earlier stage, unleashed the Nazi Horror of the Red Skull.
Look I can try and get the trial dates moved forward a little, but other than that the law is the law.
I assume this is satisfactory?
It looks bad, so people might not accept the explanations...and i think you should be ready for them not to think the attack was justified even if they do....
Tony,
Tony,
Your sincerely,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Natasha Stark can say what she likes, we all know what this is really about... Sort out that awful haircut, Cap!!”
Lucy isn't exactly the wall flower type, she is getting plenty of attention all herself. I'll tell her to watch out for bad guys anyway, though what could Harry really do? He barely passed Gym, he isn't exactly a match for Spiderman.
I think Spiderman is a good guy, just...kind of nervous. He might be worried you are going to capture him for being a vigilante or something. I don't know, just don't take it personally that he keeps running off.
P.S. I did tell you why to avoid Steve. Because he’s an asshole.
I’m gonna guess you have some questions, so I’ll save us both some time and say yes, I’m technically what you’d call bi, but I’d lean more towards gay. Women for easy sex, men for meaningful sex and relationships, if you want specifics. Steve Rogers, on the other hand, is the definition of bi in all its rainbow-coloured forms. He says love is love and the rest is (ACTUAL QUOTE) ‘just a matter of what goes where’.
Penny
Penny,
Be careful,
Tony,
How did they get these pictures? Did they break in? Did you do this?
Dear Penny,
Don't die okay?
Osbourne and I have been fighting for years, kid. In fact he’s probably only making this stuff because he wants to rival the Iron Man suit. He’s always copied me, but ten steps behind. So don’t worry, I can more than handle him.
Tony,
And Spiderman's reasons aren't selfish! The police are looking, but they are failing, and no wonder when they have a hundred of other crimes to solve each day. Spiderman is helping take some of the work load. If she captures or the muggers and car thieves then they'll have more time to concentrate on the big things like drug lords or whatever. It is a public service.
Don't waste too much time on trying to clear my name. I'm bringing my A-game to the debate tomorrow and I plan on winning. If we still need to prove my innocence after that we can, but we're on a time limit with the vote. You did remember to register for a polling card, right? :P
P.S You know I never went through having parents divorce, but I imagine it would be a bit like this :P
Steve please he needs you. I was on my own and I lost him! You need to be here...
Florida is not too hot, New York is too cold. You know, I have a beach house out that way if you want it?
Property Damage
Things are...complicated with my friends right now. Harry told Mary Jane he was in love with her while he was under the influence of the truth potion, and she...did not feel the same way. Then he was kind of a jerk to her, so now they are fighting and want me to pick sides....
If what you are saying about Steve is right, then why was it peace in his vision? Why was it that which scared him and not something like losing the fight? Deep down I don't think Steve wants the fight to end because it is too much a part of him now.
I know I know, they just print bad stuff to sell more papers. It still sucks to see it all the time though....
the god of lies and
Natasha,
Yeah, seeing Loki as Cap was SO WEIRD. I haven't made out with Steve in a week. I can't help wondering if he (she? What is he right now?) has done it before and then I get like super grossed out. Eww.
Meanwhile, do you want me to talk to the press?
the school? I don’t want you to die either I
I want us to be able to move past this. I want us to be a proper family! One that argues about stupid stuff like if James goes to private or public school (he is going private by the way, but no boarding schools!) but I know it isn't going to be that simple to put everything behind us.
Nattie,
NATASHA: "Steve..."
Not that I mind it just being us....as long as you don't....
I hate this! Why the hell did I come to this stupid conference again? I'm want my baby boy :(
Things always escalate once someone dies. We can't call this a peaceful conflict any more. There's no more room for either side to back down or make compromises. Once someone dies, it really is a war.
Well, Vision has to agree first, and he's dancing around saying no. He says he wants to continue his 'father's' work with the Avengers. Plus he is totally flirting with your friend the witch. So yeah, apparently he did not inherit his 'daddy's' resigned obedience. I sort of hate him right now.
P.S. Candice is in a committed relationship with a very polite young lady named Liz. They are adopting a cat together.
NATASHA: That happens when you have a new born who barely sleeps. You know most women get a break when their husband takes a turn!
Me and James are gonna head back to the States, so we can come visit you...if you'd like. I can send James with someone else if you don't want to see me right now....
Penny
I am 102% sure Harry’s dad told him to ask you. Be very, very, VERY careful. I’m not even joking. Don’t be alone with Harry. I can see this turning into some sort of nightmare hostage situation.
Captain,
But by the by, I don’t regret that night. I’m kind of surprised to say it, but I’m happy I got to meet you, okay? And I guess I’m happy you kept writing to me, even though you’re being all melodramatic right now. (Steve says you get it from me. Then told me not to invalidate your feelings. I’m not invalidating your feelings, I’m just correcting your misunderstandings. Deal with it.)
Natasha.
I watched the documentary, your Dad did a lot of impressive stuff for the time. Though did he really have a secret underground lab? I know they must have had to protect it from bombs during the way, but it seems a little mad scientist-y.
I hate that you sided with registration. It really threw me, actually. I'm used to us disagreeing, but I had so much faith in you doing the right thing where it counted, and that opposing the act was the right thing, that I was really thrown for a loop when you said you were for it. I guess maybe I felt a little betrayed, even though I knew I had no right to feel that way. So I tried to act like I didn't mind, like your politics didn't bother me. Unfortunately, it did. Quite a lot.
I don't really know what else to say. We should never have separated during the campaign, you know. I think by trying to avoid the fight we just made it worse and almost destroyed our marriage. That's the last thing on earth I want. So, given that we said we'd state everything clearly and honestly in these e-mails:
P.S Don't be too hard on the Twins. Wanda told me that it was a Stark Weapon that killed their parents. They don't really hate you I don't think, you are just easier to blame than a faceless solider. Give them time.
Only Steve remained when Tony called Nebula, screaming, and stayed by his side the entire time.
Steve didn’t have the heart to explain to her that even if everyone’s odds of surviving had been fifty-fifty, Tony’s were probably much lower. He had gone to utter space to fight Thanos, and Thanos had clearly won the battle. If Steve knew Tony at least a little bit, he knew he had done everything in his power to prevent that from happening. Thanos’ arrival to Earth could only mean one thing.
His beautiful Pepper, smiling dressed in white. She would kneel on the ground and receive a child with open arms. She would hug them against her chest, turn with a smile and point at Tony who stared at them, spellbound. The kid wouldn't have a face. It just didn’t exist.
Tony’s mind was in emergency mode. He actually had fantasied about asking him several times, but he never had the courage to actually act on his feelings. Steve was always so hard to read, and honestly, way too harsh when he rejected something. Tony had never seen him reject someone romantically, but he was so afraid of humiliation that he had buried his desire. But now? It was all out in the open. Posted on public for everyone to see. It felt good, actually. For Steve to make a show out of it.
Approaching footsteps and insisting knocking on the bathroom door startled Tony.
How many times had he taken a life in order to save those he cared about? Probably not enough.
Maybe this was what she needed, after all. A little bit of fire, danger and adrenaline. And she was also piss drunk.
“DO SOMETHING!” screamed Nebula on his ear.
Tony clenched his fists, holding back the tears.
He found a basket with fruit. It was unlike any he had seen before on earth, but it seemed innocent. He put a pair of it on a plate and walked to the cockpit, balancing both plates. There he found Nebula, sitting in one of the seats, staring at Titan's dirty, dry, and infertile soil through the windows of the ship.
“And what are you going to do about it?” asked a masculine voice from the other corner of the room. Startled, Tony turned to it.
She had to restart the computer. There was a very strong possibility that it wouldn't turn back up again, and that would certainly mean the end. But she had no alternative.
Steve looked at his hands. “It's not that I don't
“Adopted sister. Thanos kidnapped both of us when we were children.”
“You could try sending a message,” said Bruce. Tony smiled, and tuned to see him sitting by the copilot seat, more relaxed than he had ever seen him.
And now Tony was engaged.
It was tempting. Now more than ever. The only thing that kept him from jumping that edge and ordering a beer (how much damage could a simple beer make?) was the promise he had made to Peter before all that disaster unfolded.
There was no denying it, Tony was scared. He had been in the act for years, he was not ready to let go. No, that was a lie. He had been ready for decades, but he did not want to face reality and the consequences of abandoning it.
“Where’s Fury?” she demanded.
“Can you take this box to Bruce for me? It’s getting late, and I don’t wanna interrupt him…”
“What are we going to do?”
Steve kicks the trashcan and it ricochets against the alleyway wall, spilling garbage all over the floor. He doesn’t care. The only device capable of bringing him back to his time broke somewhere between escaping the Asgardian guards and landing on his side on this random alleyway. He tries fidgeting with the device, but the technology it’s just too complex and delicate for him to attempt a reparation, and he might accidently send himself a thousand years into the past, or end up in a time loop, or cease to exist at all. He has Pym particles to spare, but without the proper device to harness their power, the particles are useless.
Hot tears slided down Steve’s cheeks, and he let them. Very quickly, his tears turned into full sobs, and he doubled down on himself, trying to contain the anguish.
A group of shady-looking men (and creatures) were gathering around the corner. Next to them were a couple of speeder bikes parked by the road. The were muttering among themselves, and throwing glances around the streets.
Steve resisted the urge to punch him in the face. “I won’t give up on him. Not again.”
She had to restart the computer manually. She ran to the cockpit and introduced the code.
LOS ANGELES TIMES
Maybe it was for the best.
“Are those apples?” he asked, hoping she had a translator. The woman smiled at him, cheerful and forced.
“I’m not an idiot, I know this is a worst case scenario. But I was going to marry Tony Stark,” she whispered. “It’s not like I wasn’t prepared for the worst. Have been for years.”
42k replies  802k retweets   1,6M likes
“You really are blind, Stark,” said Nebula, but not unkindly. She seemed curious, probably trying to imagine the picture he was describing.
The bracelet is broken.
Tony nodded. “Got it. Get food from the aliens who speak english. Great.”
Bingo.
@tonystark · 8m ago
“We’ll die if we stay here. This place is barren and haunted.”
Just numbness. The general inability to function. He couldn't sleep, he couldn't shower, he couldn't shave, he couldn't wash his teeth. He couldn't eat. He couldn't breathe. He just couldn't think.
“He was in Tokio,” she ignored his complain. “I found something that might interest you.”
If someone had the right to kill her father, it was Nebula.
happiness.
Then, everything in Tony's mind clicked into place. “A computer that's entangled with Stark Industries main server on Earth.”
Seeing the shield over there, mocking him, was the physical manifestation of everything that he had lost. He had failed so many people. His friends, who he had dared to call family. He had failed Tony, most of all, and now he was dead. And even pissed, Tony had kept his shield safe on his office. He had respected his space, while Steve had been unable to respect anything Tony had ever provided. Not his intelligence, his job, his home, not even his family. Steve’s attitude had gone well beyond pulling Tony’s pigtails. And even after everything, Tony had still preserved this space for him.
Tony didn’t care if she had a hangover, was sleepy, or generally irritated at the universe. They had a situation to attend.
He is stuck.
Nebula looked towards the window of the ship, away from him. Tony understood her need not to show vulnerability at any cost.
Maybe it was true, what he said about the balance. Maybe you can only get so much power if you are incredibly foolish.
She reached out and picked up the plate, accepting the peace offering. Tony suppressed his sigh of relief, and sat down in one of the seats next to her, cautious.
He closed his eyes, and for a moment, allowed himself to hate her. Just a second. Then, he smiled to her.
Tony graduated at 21, and stepped up as CEO. He lives in the west coast. He must be around 23 years old. He’s no more than a young man, a grieving one still, probably, but still a genius one. He figured time travel once…
“Hello Steve,” said Tony. “It's been a while.”
After using the toilet he stayed in the bathroom for a few minutes, looking at himself in the mirror. Confronting himself.
Tony nodded. “Is it hurting you?”
“I’m going to find Clint.”
way possible.
Tony could not stop smiling.
Tony sat down next to her, trying to catch his breath.
She was desperate. Steve couldn't bring himself to break her heart. “I really hope you’re right.”
The temperature was raising. At least two Kelvin degrees by the minute. That meant they were getting closer and closer. Time was running out.
Nebula's hands were shaking a little, and Tony pretended not to notice.
He touched the side of the helmet and a holographic scan shoot from the eyes of the armor. Tony counted to ten, choosing his words very carefully, and recorded a message for Pepper.
Exploring the ship he found a room that looked like a kitchen. With storage space, a sink and a table with five chairs. There were traces of dirty dishes, discarded wrappers and crumbs of food. It was strangely cozy. It looked like the dining room of a family.
“Two things: it’s 2018, the political morality is dominated by allies of the LGBT community, and the internet is the domain of the community. If you had said this at a press conference, the result would have been different, because you would be giving the media the monopoly on how they build the narrative. But on twitter?
Nebula stared into his eyes. Tony held her gaze.
Pepper tilted her head.
“Yes?”
Nebula checked the computer’s data. “3.407 parsecs.”
The engine was dead.
Hallucination Steve had a point. Tony had spent the last decade reshaping his legacy into something he could be proud of. But there was nothing else he could do, stuck in a broken spaceship, adrift into interstellar space.
But Nebula was already walking away. Tony used those seconds where she had her back to him to look back to the mess of bodies and silently mourn for his outburst. He didn’t regret killing that man and saving her, but
He was so tired. He hadn’t felt truly exhausted since the day he had been injected with the supersoldier serum. But these days, after everything had been lost, he felt like his body was a prison. His mind run on autopilot, stunned, frozen on a single moment in time and space. Lost.
“He died knowing he was loved. Not everyone gets that luxury.”
“We're thousands of light years away. Amy message with take centuries to reach Earth.”
“I will
Tony blinked several times, hurt.
Nebula ordered again. Tony looked away.
“I had not thought about it that way …”
“The cosmic radiation…? It's everywhere. It's impossible not to notice it.”
She returned to concentrate on her food. Tony looked at his hands, dry and full of small wounds. Nebula seemed to regret her outburst.
Once they were inside the main building, everyone scattered. Natasha left to the armory, probably to shoot a poor manikin into oblivion. Bruce sat in the lab, wanting to jump back into action, but unable to shake off Tony’s ghost from his mind. Thor went to the kitchen and decided to drown his sorrows on cookies and bread. Rhodey was the only left standing in the entrance hall with Steve.
The computer was reading a tank half full. The interior of the ship was illuminated by the blue hue of the star, and it was getting brighter. She heard a labored breath and approaching footsteps. Her remaining organic skin was starting to sweat.
@captainamerica · 2m ago
,” her eyes filled with tears, and she blinked repeatedly until they went away. “She was kind, in the end. She didn't deserve to die at the hands of that monster.”
He wished he could return the sentiment. Not because he wanted her dead, not at all, but because it was hard for him to feel anything besides defeat, guilt, and sadness.
“Don’t-” Tony cut her. “I don’t need to hear it. It was impulsive and stupid and now I regret it. Can we focus on how to solve this, please?”
Two days and they would run out of fuel.
One of the wings was crooked, the landing pad had been almost completely blown off, and worst of all, they had a leak on the fuel tank. They had to fix that issue, fast.
“Good morning to you too.”
“Nebula, get us out of hyperspace. That will buy us some time.”
The contents of the contract made him blush a little, but honestly, he was expecting a lot worse considering Tony was so hesitant to let him. The contract had the standard script, giving off a list of what he was expected to do, what his earnings would be once the film was published and a very detailed section about consent and what he was agreeing to. Tony had also explicitly highlighted the parts stating that he was in no way bound to the contract if he suddenly changed his mind. If he decided to drop out there were no consequences and no questions would be asked. Seemed like a pretty easy decision to him.
“They say you are a brilliant man, Tony Stark. A conqueror of technologies.”
“So most of the shooting is done in the studio, though we are looking to expand upstate.” She explained, sliding her key card into the access panels as they passed them.
The late summer day was quickly waning once they’d reached the hill top lookout just on the outskirts of New York City. Tony parked the car in a patch of dead grass off to the side of the dirt road.
Tony pressed his lips together in a tight line, lifting a hand to push through his hair. “It’s a rehabilitation center, Cap. She’s got Alzheimer’s.” Tony picked up the questioning look Steve shot him and elaborated. “It’s a neurodegenerative disease. Basically she forgets things. Faces, names, entire memories. Her son stopped visiting because she couldn’t remember him.”
I know it's been a while but I'm not dead! The last few months have just been crazy busy. Between flooding, renting a new apartment, getting a new job and now having to plan a wedding surprisingly I didn't have much time to write but things have died down a little so I hope I can finish this fic soon.
“Come on, I know a nice organic coffee place that has cats running around the place. You like cats.” The brunet encouraged.
“Looks like you don’t have any problems making that pussy purr.” Tony jabbed at him with a wicked smirk.
Steve shudders at the touch, his morning wood going from slightly aroused to fully erect in a few seconds flat. He squirms a bit in Tony’s grasp, shifting around until he was laying on his opposite side, facing the brunet.
Steve shifted in his seat, fingers tightening around his shaft as he slowly slid his palm up the length. He shuddered at the drag of friction, gasping at the tingles of pleasure.
Tony scoffed, but there was a definite coltish smirk that twitched over his lips that made Steve think that he might have just chipped the surface of Tony’s cold, iron exterior.
“Tony, Steve isn’t some big shot news reporter or Victoria’s secret model. He’s Captain America.” She explained, as if that bit
The energy blast had paralyzed his HUD system to the point where all he could see was black static, meaning that he was more or less blindly flying backwards, and taking out any pillar, sign, and everything else that was unfortunate enough to block his trajectory.
“Mm, you’re a saint.” He practically moans, gratefully taking the coffee and rewards Steve with a peck on the cheek.
“Technically Thor is an alien, so I’d be careful with my words if I were you.” Natasha chastised him.
“I don’t know, it felt less…clinical I guess.” He muttered. “All these people watching me…I feel like some sort of experiment.
“Bucky, I--”
Undeterred, Steve starts moving faster, moaning quietly around the thick member. He pulls up until just the tip remains in his mouth, sucking and curling his tongue around the head while he tightly grips the base with his thumb and forefinger.
Pepper watched with exasperation as the infantile robotics engineer left the terrace. She supposed it was the best response she was going to get. Asking Tony not to sleep with someone was like asking a fish not to swim. She couldn’t expect the impossible.
Hala didn’t seem too surprised by his answer, though his refusal did irk her. “You will obey me, puny man, or I shall have my army destroy you and your petty earth.” She hissed.
It’s been about a month since Tony set up the first visit at the privately owned rehab center.
As if Steve has anything better to look at.
Steve turns his head as Tony emerges from his bedroom, smartly dressed in a dark grey three piece and a lavender shirt with the first two buttons strategically undone. He looks gorgeous, showcasing all that lovely tanned skin from his neck and collar. His goatee is freshly trimmed, making him look even sharper and more alluring. Steve’s morning wood had subsided, but at the sight of Tony in a suit it comes back with a vengeance. He tries not to blatantly stare but fails horribly and just hands Tony the steaming cup.
Tony puts him back in his place with a firm hand on his stomach while the other works at fingering him open. It’s rushed and a little sloppy, but Steve doesn’t really care right now. He needs Tony’s cock, and he needs it
With a defeated sigh, the doctor caved in. “Yeah, alright. Just let me get my coat.”
Pepper continued to give him a cautioning look, the one she usually gave him when he was about to make bad life decisions.
He pokes at the meal suspiciously, tasting a bit of it. It has the consistency of canned dog food and tastes overwhelmingly like hot sauce. All in all, not the worst thing he's ever put in his mouth.
“Iron Man, you do not have clearance for that plan. I repeat, no clearance!” Steve pressed his finger to the com by the side of his head and spoke firmly but Tony, as per usual, didn’t bat an eye as he continued with his own agenda.
Doom sent a murderous glare his way and raised his hand up in their direction. The army of doombots behind him arranged themselves into line, guns readying to aim at them.
Tony steadily walked down the long, straight corridor, being escorted by these strange creatures that called themselves the Kree. The genius was a bit surprised that they hadn’t bound his hands, but he supposed that they hardly considered him a threat without the suit.
“Just like that baby. Give 'em a squeeze.”
Steve started blankly at the message, mouth slightly agape as he read it over again to make sense of it, as if he hadn’t understood it right the first time.
“Right. Okay.” Steve nodded, grabbing a generic robe off one of the hooks near the wall. He turned to Sam. “Guess I’ll catch you later?”
“They mentioned the whole gay rights movement briefly when they gave me a crash course on all the important moments of history that happened in the last 70 years, but I just…couldn’t really believe it.” He said, tone still unreadable, which only tugged on the tightening string of tension between them.
“You uh…you good?” He asked, voice ever so slightly laced with worry. He knew Bucky could handle himself for the most part, but he hadn’t been the same since the accident.
He continued poking at his food, foot tapping restlessly against the ground as she continued to play around on her Starkphone.
Steve didn’t give a verbal answer, just settled back against his elbows, which Tony took as a yes.
As the game went on, Steve would raise from his seat and howl along with the crowd whenever the home team hit the ball, cheering and pounding his fist into the air. Tony, who had never been a crazy jock, just sat back in his seat, occasionally offering a muffled ‘woot’.
Almost forgetting about the folder in his hand, Steve startled. “Oh, right.” He said, handing her the files. “STI screen, drug screen, criminal records check…it's all there.”
Steve hears the hum of the hover bike and jumps onto an upturned bus, using it as leverage to catch onto the flying vehicle, perching himself on the back of it, ready to pounce. Natasha, like the borderline mind-reader she was, seems to understand his plan without exchanging and presses on full throttle towards Tony.
Tony sucks in a breath through his teeth, head lolling back against the headrest of his chair. His thighs are clenching, and Steve can tell he's desperately trying not to make a sound. He watches intently as Tony's lips fall open, threatening a moan, and then quickly close again, teeth biting down on his bottom lip to stifle the noise. He glances down and Steve locks eyes with him, the tiniest hint of a devious smirk on his lips before he takes him in all the way, gagging slightly as he forces him further down his throat and swallows around him, muscles squeezing Tony’s cock.
Steve’s mouth was as hot and eager as it had been the first time, maybe even more determined now that doubt no longer clouded his mind. One hand firmly gripped the back of his neck, as if Steve had the asinine thought that he might try to squirm away from the soldier’s hold.
“Probably off to do something stupid.” Natasha muttered, front flipping off of the thing’s shoulder and landed neatly beside Clint as he flew by on the Hoverbike.
He spotted Tony outside by the fountain, already waiting for him.
Doom looked confused for a moment before realization hit him as a huge, green mass of gamma radiation and muscle crash through the side of a sky scraper with a loud roar, picking up his robots and tossing them around like they were little rag dolls.
Peggy remained silent as if she hadn’t heard him, a vacant expression in her pale, blue eyes. As a few moments ticked by without an answer, Steve shifted uneasily in his seat. More silence passed, and he reached out to gently touch her wrist.
“I see that.” Tony answered, eyes trailing over Steve’s form, which made the blond’s skin tingle. “You didn’t have any ‘performance’ issue with me though.” He added inquisitively with a tilt of his head which made Steve’s cheeks flush.
“Are you kidding me? I can’t – “
Tony looked like he was about to make some sort of comment, but he held back whatever he'd been about to say.
Tony downed the rest of the shot in less than a minute with a sharp exhale, sliding the empty glass across the bar to resist pouring himself another. He was self-destructive, but he didn’t really feel like spending the whole night puking up the chemical cocktail brewing in his belly.
The Mets won against the Texas Rangers 7 to 5.
Too lazy to grab the lube in his drawer, and honestly a little nervous the camera might get a flash of his face if he moved too much, Steve sucked two fingers into his mouth instead, licking between them. Spit wasn’t the most efficient lubricant, but the added imagery of him sucking his fingers might act as a little incentive to get a few more donations out of his viewers. He’d never really been good at the whole sultry thing, but apparently he was doing a good enough job, earning him a few more bucks from the act.
Tony felt a chill run up his spine at her words. He didn’t need to be a genius to figure out what that meant.
The brunet jumped into action when he saw the devastated look on his friend’s face, reaching out to steady him. “Hey, you alright? What happened?”
“If I...If I wasn’t so goddamn
“I’ll be sure to have Pepper leave you a voicemail.” Tony said contemptuously, pressing the button to call the elevator.
They stay like that for a solid few minutes, breathing heavily as they both come down from their orgasms. Tony’s the first to move, lifting himself up off of Steve with a grunt and flops back in his office chair, boneless and panting.
It was early morning, probably way too early for any sane person to be up, but he’d needed some time to himself to unwind. Since he’d started up that contract with Rumlow, things had been tense to say the least. It was clear that that guy didn’t like him, and honestly Steve couldn’t care less. Sure, the money was good, but he really just agreed to sign on to help Tony out. Just a few more days of filming and then he’d never have to work with that pompous, egotistical asshole again, Steve could handle that.
He was suddenly really missing those strong arms around him.
The group came to the mutual consensus of going out for Thai food, but just as Tony stepped out to join them Steve interrupted.  “We’ll catch up with you, I’d like to have a word with Tony. In private.”
Steve glanced down and noticed the dents in the can where Bucky had probably gotten fed up and just slammed it against the counter in an attempt to open the damn thing. Steve huffed put a laugh because that was exactly the kind of ridiculous idea that Bucky would have.
Steve straightened and squared his shoulders, facing Tony. “Then why don’t you and I start new? Forget everything that happened between us before – all the arguments, Howard’s impression, everything.”
“What?”
Steve reached out and pulled the billionaire into a loose hug, one arm locking around Tony’s shoulder as he moved his other to gently touch Tony’s lower back. “Thank you.” He whispered against his hair, the words tight and laced with an undealt with pain, but sincere.
Mrs Stark-Rogers.
I made him an Iron Man badge. Come up and get it later.
How can you both be friends with a model-in-training and not be part of the popular crowd? I bet your status is higher than you think. I have come across Gwen, but there’s a reason I’m not asking her to intern. Her science is all theoretical and possibilities. I’m not interested in what could be done, I’m interested in doing it. I mean, come on, her last science project entry was a series of charts. I admit she’s smart, but she doesn’t have that daring that you do. (All from my side of the family, of course :P). Also her dad has fined me for speeding like three times, even though I’m basically propping up the widows and orphans fund. If you see him, put in a good word for me, okay? I left the suit outside a restaurant and he ticketed it, which I admit was funny the first time, but now? Not so much.
Also, like three-quarters of being an Avenger is learning how to carry on after you get your ass handed to you. You realise Steve’s first time out the guy he was chasing killed himself and a kid almost drowned, right? And my first time I crashed in the middle of the desert. So calm down, okay? We’ll get him. Loki too.
Dear Ms. Stark,
EDIT: As of July 2017, Photobucket will no longer allow images to be embedded into 3rd party websites without paying a large subscription fee. As such, we are doing our best to replace all text message chapters with normal text as soon as possible. Thank you for your patience, and just pretend the text below is a nice picture of Penny's Starkphone screen.
Natasha.
That is cool, but I wouldn't want to bother one of the Avengers. I'm sure if I'm around Spiderman he'd watch out for me anyway.
Penny
P.S I want to intern but it is pretty hard to do from Florida!
Natasha.
Right. I guess sometimes I forget not everyone has my record-tracing prowess. Seriously though, Pepper opens anything addressed to me so maybe put a mark on the envelopes or something.
Natasha has managed to send me a message. It's too risky to reply but she's pretending to be possessed in the hope Sin will let her near James. Please tell me you managed to plant the tracker.
NATASHA: We already have that, that is what happens to villains. Steve, we need drastic change!
You remember Pietro has super speed right? Kinda hard for me to stop him, especially when he takes it to 'deliver' for me.
First, how the hell did you get your powers? If someone has been experimenting on you, you need to tell us right now. (Also, the school would totally take you. Xavier isn’t going to care what caused the mutation, just saying.)
Better than they taught people to write in the 80s, apparently. I’m starting to see why you type everything.
P.S That sounds ominous...should I be worried about this Ultron thing?
You should talk to Steve.
Tony,
Steve
Nattie,
P.S I have had concede control of the Fort to Loki.
Penny,
Sorry, I was pissed at Cap, not you. Or more precisely Cap was pissed at me and wouldn’t explain why. He’ll still go off buddying up with you though. He can really be an asshole when he wants to be, and he is really bad at playing the piano. Just so you know.
You are in Canada to rest and get better, and because no one would think to look for you there! Why are you heading back!? Do you want to get caught?
Nattie,
Okay, what bee got into your bonnet? Don't write me letters when you're PMS-ing. And no, I'm not about to start making Cybermen. I'm talking about tools, not human enhancement. Osbourne has the corner on that, in case you've forgotten.
Not being able to pull off the phrase ‘don’t be jelly’ is not a question of you not being cool enough, it’s a question of you being too smart. (That said, I can totally pull it off and am now saying it to Steve all the time. It drives him crazy and it is hilarious.)
Steve xxx
So Photo shoots are...weird. Did I really have to sit there for an hour just for hair and make up? I think I'm insulted...
We move to Florida next week...so I won't be able to do that Summer internship. Do you think I could see you before I go?
There is only one copy of the list, and trust me, it is safe.
So what are your friends like, anyway?
They are all going to Washington? That's a shame, I would have liked to hang out with Pietro and Wanda again. Are they setting up another Avengers or something?
It was really sweet of Cap to offer to pay for my treatment, even if I don't need it. Does he get a lot of money from people licensing his likeness or something? The hospital bills would have probably been a lot...
Aunt May doesn't like to talk about the whole Spiderman thing, and she is 'sick' of hearing my complain about Florida. It was her stupid idea. We don't know why she expects me to be happy about it.
So, uh… sound-proofing aside, you probably heard the yelling earlier, and maybe heard your name. Just to be clear, Steve is happy for you to be here (he eventually admitted it was a good idea), but he was pissed that I hadn’t told him you were
Tony,
Dear Mr Sexy Cockatoo,
Just give this up. Withdraw from helping the government and Shield, revoke the rights to your tech, say you're neutral but you oppose the imprisonment of heroes. Please, for me. I don't want to lose you.
Steve
Steve xxx
P.S I'm going to strangle Harry when I see him.
Osbourne knows you are living here? Now I am definitely going in to get a scan of that cabinet. If it’s just shoes, we’ll soon know. But this whole thing stinks of a scheme to me. We might have to pull you out to a safe house. I’m heading out now, hope school was okay.
It isn't just you. If I saw Sin now I'd snap her neck just as quickly. She took our Son Steve, you can't feel guilty about wanting to kill her. She is lucky I didn't burn her alive.
Perhaps, with this in mind, Captain America could be excused. Perhaps not all the problems with the serum had been ironed out. Perhaps Rogers suffers the same rage and insanity as his German counterpart. But this newspaper says there is
Penny,
Nattie,
I won’t come down if you don’t want me too, but at least stay in bed until we’ve checked you over. You’ve been pretty ramble-y and nuts since we’ve been back, so we need to make sure it’s out of your system before we let you go.
Steve,
I hope the coal is something, but it could just be a trap. Where would you even find that much coal these days?
Honestly, I knew he was in two minds from the start. He was in favour of there being more accountability, I knew that. But he also had a reason for having a secret identity, you know. He's just a kid. Do you have any idea how many people will be after him now? After his friends, his family? Did you want to see another school get blown up? Because that's what's going to happen.
I'm sorry I didn't get you out of there today. I know you were probably confused, and I didn't want to leave you there. But Steve was right, you're still sick and I need you to be safe.
From what we can tell, you only really lost control to 'Venom' when you found your aunt collapsed. According to lady-Loki, you thought she was dead, lost it and went off on a bit of a rampage while (s)he waited for the ambulance. Venom apparently tossed a few cars through store windows and stuff, wreaked some havoc. There were probably some bumps and bruises amongst quite a lot of the public, but I don't think anyone died. I got there and managed to pin it down before it went too far.
“Ok, I admit that I could have handled the situation with a little more tact …”
Nebula crossed her arms in her chest, one of them clearly hurting her.  “That doesn't matter. Can you do it or not?”
After two more corner turns, Tony found their ship. He quickly entered the hangar and parked next to the ship, that was very evidently not finished in repairs. Still, it looked in better shape than it was when they had arrived. He ran to the landing ramp and Nebula followed him, still euphorically high. The creatures of the shop were screaming at them from the bottom, but Tony didn't care. He ran to the cockpit and sat on the pilot seat, concentrated on getting them the fuck out of that shithole. He screamed at Nebula to get on the laser cannons and start shooting back at the bastardas that were wrecking the ship, one blast at the time, but she didn’t listen. She stood in front of the main computer’s terminal and established a course for who knew where. Tony focused his attention on getting them on the air, but the engines were taking fire. They had to run, fast.
The replies started to appear.
“Lucky how?”
“Are you having fun staring at the radiation?”
Nebula put a gentle hand on his shoulder, almost tender, and then turned back around, leaving him to converse with his ghosts.
“WHAT?” he demanded.
“Was he your son?” asked Nebula out of the blue, while chewing on a small ration bar. It was the only thing they ate per day. In less than a week they would run out of food.
Bruce and Thor were as quiet as the rest of them. Steve was sure he had never seen Thor so out of it in all the years they’ve known each other. He was a completely different man. Gloomy, introverted, sad. He was broken.
. Every time. It was rough.
“Wheneeever you please, asshole.”
Hours later they were all reunited around a holographic table that displayed a map of the entire world. The numbers of missing people (dead, they were dead) were rising by the second on the screen. Bruce had taken the pager and connected it to a powerful battery, making it repeat it’s message again and again.
Maybe it was time to accept reality, and give up. Maybe they had already given up.
Steve changes his clothes into a white button up and worn out jeans, and walks out of the alley, studying his surroundings.
She looked ready to jump him and choke him with the seatbelt for his insolence. Luckily, she seemed to decide against it, and simply rolled her eyes.
They quickly walked out of the room to find Bruce staring at the pager. “Whatever signal it was sending, it finally cracked out.”
Still, they were armed with laser weapons and all Nebula had was a sword. She still had to dodge the fire and manage to not lose a limb in the process. It was eight against one, and she was unstoppable. But she was also drunk as a skunk.
“There was…” she drifted off and read more of the information on the screens, clearly experiencing difficulty articulating a complete sentence. Tony had never seen her like this.
“And it couldn’t have waited until the morning? It better be good.”
into a relationship. But Steve had been so scared, and so foolish. To think Tony would wait eternally for him to make up his mind. A couple of months later, Tony was back with Pepper.
“Are you ready?” screamed Nebula from the cockpit.
“Then do something different!” screamed Nebula, “Two minutes until computer reboot!”
“We have a problem,” he explained. “We have to fix the tank right now, or we’re going to lose all our fuel in less than two hours.”
She seemed unsure. “The jump alone could tear the ship appart.”
He gave up and succumbed to tears.
Before Tony could ask for any more instructions, she turned around and got lost in the crowd.
“You look like shit,” said Natasha from behind him.
Reality fell on Tony’s head like a bucket of water.
.  In… out…..
After what it seemed like an hour, but it was probably just an instant, Nebula activated the hyperdrive and they jumped back into hyperspace.
Before Steve could respond, Thor lifted his head.
“Maybe that’s what he wants,” argued Natasha, who had only appeared to judge him. Not even in the comfort of his own mind he was able to confront Natasha’s intimidating personality.
3 replies  498 retweets   758 likes
22k replies  173k retweets   830k likes
“I thought we bypassed the battery,” argued Steve.
“You have to do
, Stark,
Pepper insisted strongly before he could interrupt her. “Take a second to read what most people, your fans, are responding.”
She got up and left the compound, leaving Steve with a heavier conscience than before.
“What? What’s happening?” asked Tony, scared by her outburst. He knew the problem was bad, but it was fixable. They just had to act fast.
After a couple of hours, Steve went back to the main building. On his way upstairs, he heard voices coming from the living room, so he made his way towards them. He found Rhodey and Pepper, sitting together on one of the couches, talking agitatedly. The closer Steve got, the more he noticed some details. There was a box of books, pictures, and some papers on the coffee table. Rhodey looked like he hadn’t slept in days. Pepper’s eyes and nose were red, like she had been crying very recently.
@tonystark·1m ago
It's not like he had much more to lose. Closing his eyes, Tony ordered the armor to form a helmet, but he only managed to make half of it. Slowly, he took it out of his head and set it on the floor in front of him. When he looked up, Steve and Bruce were gone.
Maybe it was time to accept defeat.
He dropped the phone violently and left it on the coffee table. He threw himself on the chair and closed his eyes, counting to ten.
Nebula used her internal computer to calculate a new path. They would have to circumvent the star half a rotation and change the angular momentum enough to use that impulse to jump to a more energetic orbit, a hyperbolic one. They would need the energy boost, and without a working engine...
Steve didn’t need to hear more.
Only a few times on his life had Tony seen so much blood together. He tried to regulate his breathing, but the pain was deafening. He retained his screams against the cloth, his throat burning. When his brain recieved the signal that all the nanoparts of the armor were outside of his body, he quickly removed the scissors and applied pressure to the wound with a gauze.
With a lighting strike his mind reminded him of the bikes.
Well that was uncalled for. Tony rolled his eyes and started marching towards the direction of the ship. He kind of remembered the path they had taken when they first arrived to the market. The town was small enough that he couldn't get lost.
Steve knows he has to be at some point between the 90's and the early 2000's, judging by the cars that are passing by the street behind him. He swears under his breath.
? How exactly will you manage to not die?”
There, imposing in the horizon, they could see the star. It was a blue giant, probably close to ten times the size of the sun. Or at least, Tony’s sun.
“You’re dying,” reminded him Bruce, gently. “We have to do something.”
“Your welcome, by the way.” He observed around the pile of bodies. “You seemed pretty helpless without me.”
Another bizarre thing to scratch from the bucket list, apparently. His life, man. It was ridiculous.
Clearly she wasn’t in the mood for jokes. “Do you have the supplies or not?”
He cleared his throat to make his presence known, and they turned to look at him. Pepper smiled at him, sweetly.
, never there. The sky was a map to return home. Maps weren’t supposed to change. He always forgot the way wars changed them anyway.
There was an ugly silence. Steve could feel himself starting to feel more irritated by the minute.
Tony threw the scissors on the table and looked for the stapler. If it was inside a first aid kit that should mean it was for surgical use, and he hoped it was biodegradable because the last thing he needed was metal poisoning. He curved his back so the position of his body could allow to join the edges of the wound. He put the stapler against his skin, and closing his eyes, he pushed.
Steve nodded. Pepper smiled at him, always the gentle soul. Steve was sure he didn’t deserve her kindness. Maybe that was why she was so perfect for Tony, because of her forgiving heart.
87,5k replies   986k retweets   3,8M likes
Nobody did, thought Tony. That monster had been a father. There was a special place in hell reserved for those who mistreated their children, and the punishments there were probably too kind for someone like Thanos.
She rolled her eyes. “You don’t have
Very quickly he calculated the estimated velocity they had to be moving and the relative distance to the star taking into account the interdimensional distortion of the hyperspace lane. He had learned a lot from Jane Foster’s papers on interdimensional travel, Asgardian technology and hyperspace. He assumed the same principles were applicable.
It would be weeks before some pirate ship of random Nova Corp passed them and noticed them. They didn't have weeks.
“Go look for the tools. We need to restart the life support systems.”
Tony took advantage of the chaos and jumped right to the speeder bikes parked a few meters away from them. He jumped on the first one and looked for any indication of an activation mechanism. He couldn't find anything. If he had to guess, the vehicle probably worked with a specific code to be able to start the engine. It was time to solve it the old fashion way.
@avengerstan · 3m ago
Everything on the horizon was blue. This was it, then. The last thing he’d ever see would be a bright blue light. One on his chest, another on the sky.
“And yet, this is the second time today that I’m forced to save your ass.”
Tony hit the wall of the shower hard, holding back the sobs.
@tonystark·1m ago
It’s 1993 then. How the hell did he end up in Los Angeles, though?
,” she ordered him.
He was starting to sweat. Soon the temperature would be unbearable to his human body, and he didn’t have enough of the armor to cover him entirely.
“Yuck, that one came with extra blood,” said Clint. “That’s not good.”
“Clint’s fine,” greeted him Natasha. She was still pissed, then.
, he had already lost half the nanities of the armor on Titan.
“You’re human, and I’m the daughter of Thanos. You’re food to most creatures here, and there’s a bounty of a million credits for my head,” she said, like someone who chats about the weather. “Probably more now, after what happened. Keep your head down and stay close if you want to keep it.”
Out of the corner of his eye he saw apples.
Maybe it was time to start amending ties.
Then, his mind made a
“Go back here
He wasn’t arrogant enough to think
In the same way that growing up on the spotlight had transformed him into a circus act, dominating the political field from the shadows had been something his father had been expert at, but never Tony. No, Tony was a showman, pragmatic. Politics and bureaucracy were very far from his interests.
“I was just bringing some of Tony’s stuff to Bruce,” she explained, gesturing to the box full of mementos. “He said it could help him find Tony faster.”
Never in his life had he felt so ashamed. The defeat, the anguish, the humiliation, were like regurgitating acid at the bottom of his stomach. His mind kept turning, if he had done this and that differently, if he had planned things better, if he had been smarter, less arrogant, faster...
“You could simply tweet again, say the truth in an honest and clear way. But don’t fight anyone.
A rumble woke him up suddenly. He opened his eyes, startled, and found Nebula staring at him from the door. Tony lifted the lid of the regeneration chamber and sat up painfully.
Tony cleared his throat to announce his presence. Nebula ignored him. Rolling his eyes, Tony walked towards her and offered her the plate with fruit.
She let her guard down and because of that now they were minutes away from complete annihilation. Death by starfire. Not how she had planned to go at all.
She hardened her expression and looked at him, defiant.
He was amazingly young, and beautiful like a blooming flower. His eyes shined like newborn stars. There were a couple of teeth missing on his charming smile.
“Vomiting blood could mean liver failure,” observed Steve.
. She was going to skin him alive,
He couldn't stop thinking about Tony. He was everywhere he looked. That place, that beautiful wooden platform by the shore of the lake had been personally designed by him. Of course it was. Everything Tony designed was beautiful.
The woman -Carol Danvers, she said her name was- had changed into more comfortable clothes and was talking to Natasha, who briefed her on the situation. She was a friend of Fury's and that had seemed reason enough to trust her. At one point Thor got up from his chair and called his new axe to threaten Carol, but he seemed to detect something on her eyes and her powerful aura that convinced him to leave her be.
Steve wrinkled his nose. “No juicy details please, I don’t think my innocent ears can handle the vulgarities.” He said half serious, which earned another laugh from the brunet. “You don’t have to recount all of them, I’ll settle for just one.”
Tony shrugged his shoulders. “It’s not that I thought you were homophobic, just that, you know, people back in the day weren’t really so accepting of people who were different. God knows my dad had his prejudices.” Tony admitted with a scoff.
Steve didn't want to come off as obsessive or clingy because they had one night together, but in all fairness the aching morning wood that he'd been left with to handle on his own should be enough to warrant an impromptu visit to Tony's office. Not that Steve necessarily feels like he’s owed an orgasm – after all he was still 1 to 0 with Tony (2 to 0 if you count his first day), but Tony was clearly interested in something with him, and he definitely wants to hop on that train before it leaves the station.
But damn, that didn’t make him want to kiss the man any less.
They spent they spent the better half of the afternoon walking through the museum, Tony amused every time Steve went on a tangent about abstract art and how he didn’t understand how a few coloured lines across a blank sheet could be considered as any form of art.
Steve felt a hot rush of shame wash over his face.
Steve cracked a smile at that. “Guess so.”
“Oh yeah?” A perfectly executed innocent smile tugged at the corner of his lips as he slapped the two halves of his sandwich together. “Well I am his favorite tenant. Maybe he’s giving me a break after I helped him put up all those shelves.”
Steve grinned into Tony’s shoulder and pressed a small kiss into his skin.
“Keep going darling. Let Daddy hear those lovely sounds.”
Steve hissed, tipping his head back with a long, throaty moan as his ass was breached by a thick cock while another one pressed against his lips, spreading pre-come over them before gliding over his tongue to muffle his cries.
“I have to go.” He says but doesn’t make a move to leave.
“Hm, yeah. And you can be my side kick, Captain Little-Ass.”
His hands move up to cup Steve’s jaw with both hands, swiping the pad of his thumb across Steve’s kiss bitten lips.
There was a brief pause as Mr. Stark seemed frozen in time, but then he lit up, dropping the papers and pen onto his desk.
“There’s a bathroom behind that door if you need to clean up a bit.”
Tony just smirks, continuing the slow pace.
After a quick shower Steve changed into his usual attire of just a plain t-shirt and some jeans, throwing his worn, chestnut brown leather jacket over top. He opted to take his bike, making his way down to White Plains, still completely oblivious to whatever it was Tony needed him for.
Clearly the man wasn’t a morning person. Steve found it kind of cute.
Before Tony can ask this lady what the hell she wants with him, Steve steps protectively in front of him, clearly not afraid of the scary magic spear lately.
Steve settled for the tissues, figuring he could just wash off whatever remnants of his session at home. He wasn’t about to use his boss' personal washroom to clean cum off himself, even if he'd just gotten off in front of him.
“Yes master.” He choked out, following his lines.
They pulled up just outside of his building, and Steve’s hand hovered over the door handle.
“I’ll handle this, take five.” Tony said with what looked like forced politeness.
Steve scoffed, resting a hand across his stomach. “Well, weren’t you a charmer.”
“Besides, I’m not exactly into the whole five star dining scene.” Steve said, lacing his fingers together. “Too rich for my blood.”
She stretched her trembling hand out, and Steve stepped forward to take her spotted, wrinkled fingers in his own, holding onto them like something fragile that could break if he applied just the slightest bit of pressure.
Steve swallowed hard, swiping his thumb over the head of his cock and pressing against the sensitive glands until the tiny pearl of clear fluid spilled over his fingers, dribbling down his shaft and over his knuckles.
His legs try to close on instinct, but Tony’s hand is firm, keeping them spread apart as he continues the double assault on his prostate. He squirms, fingers curling against the desk, but the agonizing pleasure only intensifies.
He took the bait.
It was the end of an era. They were selling Avengers Tower and moving upstate to a larger facility just outside of the city. What started out as just a farfetched dream of six superhuman individuals was quickly growing into something far bigger than anyone could have predicted. With the team growing faster then they initially thought the current living space was quickly filling up so they decided to set up a bigger compound a few miles outside of New Yorker where there would be enough room for the new recruits and whoever else would come along to join the Avengers.
He took a seat between Natasha and Bruce, still dependently clinging to his coffee mug. “I spent the whole night working on armor improvements, suit upgrades, weapon designs…” He saw the pointed look Cap sent him and quickly explained. “Avenger weapons. Not big, terrifying military guns or anything like that.”
Steve took Tony’s advice and relaxed, focusing solely on the brunet, like it was just the two of them in the room. The awkward tension slowly started to ebb away, replaced by prickling excitement. Steve could feel his half mast cock steadily swell as the machine continued to pump into him, drawing small moans of pleasure out of him.
“Fools.” Doom called out over the sounds of screaming and gunfire, laughing at them in the maniacal way that super villains often did. “You really think that you can defeat my army with just you two pathetic things?”
In the end, it didn’t feel like something taboo, it just felt like some
“Oh shut up, that was one time.” Bucky huffs, throwing himself onto the couch, half landing on Steve. The blond laughs and shoves his roommate off before scooting over to give him some space on the tattered loveseat.
Steve scoffed at that. A dry, humourless laugh. “And how am I supposed to get Tony Stark to respect Captain America?”
Steve hesitated for a moment, but then went on. “Her name was Ethel Robinson.” He began, his eyes glossing over as if he was playing the memory back behind those cornflower eyes. “We made out in the backseat of my car – well, Bucky’s car actually.” He said, sheepishly. “She let me put my hands on her. Feel all the way up under her dress.”
The diner that Steve had in mind was only a few blocks from the tower, so instead of taking a car they decided to go on foot That was one of the great things about living in the heart of New York City, most places were within walking distance from the tower.
If there’s something he can do to help Tony out then he’s not just going to sit on his hands and leave the guy to struggle. It’s not just because he feels like he owes the guy. Tony has done so much for him yeah, and of course he feels like he owes him something in return, but it’s not just because of that. People have told him he’s selfless to a fault, or just outright pig headed, but the truth is that he just wants to help.
“So much for your elaborate bonding attempt.” Tony muttered, folding his hands over his lap as he swiveled on the bar stool, back facing the counter. “Maybe Doom crashing our lunch date was a sign that you and I were not meant to be.” He added in mock exacerbation, shoulders deflating dramatically as he gave Steve a jesting pout.
“Yeah, you like that?”
“I gotta go. Later.” He said and ran off, giving his buddy a brief, one handed salute as he briskly walked down the street.
What a mess.
Steve laughs. “You can't cook and you suck at cleaning. You'd make a terrible housewife.” He points out.
Hopefully this time around, the suit wouldn’t get shorted out so easily by a backfired repulsor beam to the chest plate. He couldn’t decide if he should be proud that the arc reactor could deliver such a striking blow, or humiliated that he’d designed such a feeble armored shell.
“Something along those lines, yeah.” He replied with a grin.
Aware of the camera pointed at him, Steve knows he has to play things up a bit more. He supposes this is where his limited experience as a Camboy comes in handy. He spreads his legs apart wider, planting his feet on the ground, exposing himself completely.
But damn. Steve was a tempting piece of fruit.
Bruce didn’t look convinced, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose with his index finger. “Tony’ I don’t know. I really should keep working on this, Doctor Cho is expecting some results by the end of this week.”
Steve turned his head to look at him, a small smirk playing on his face as he ducked his head down. “Yankees.”
Steve chokes out a loud gasp, a violent shudder running down his spine. He’d never been into the whole ‘Daddy' kink, but something about the way Tony says it, voice rough and strained with flaming desire, is what tips him over the edge.
, he’d never been able to come that hard before just from his own hand, but the way Mr. Stark had watched him, spurring him on…he'd kind of liked it.
There was more frantic speaking that had Tony rolling his eyes with a groan.
Steve moans heartily at the filthy words. The request makes his dick throb painfully, jutting out against the front of his jeans. He’s never been so turned on by someone barking orders at him, but fuck, just a few dirty promises and he’s already so hard that there’s barely any blood left in his brain.
Taking in a long breath to work up his nerve, Steve clutched the folder of documents in his hand and stepped into the main entrance of the building, blocked off from the lobby by a thick, glass door. He imagined it was an added security measure. Who knows what kind of crazed, horny lunatics would try to sneak into a porn studio.
“And you're an ungrateful husband.” Bucky taunts back.
“It was in one of the boxes.” Steve told him, scooting over to rest his chin on his husband’s shoulder. “Peter’s the one who found it actually.”
They roll a few times across the floor of the abandoned office room, their landing cushioned by shards of shattered glass and concrete as they skid. Steve tries his best to take the brute of the damage, protecting Tony as best he can from any serious injuries by pressing the man's face into his chest. When they finally come to a stop Steve lands on top of Tony, covering the brunet’s fragile body with his own from the falling debris.
“Now if he puts the moves on me…well, that’s a whole other story.” He added with a smirk just to rile her up.
The next morning when Steve came down from his bedroom, Tony was no longer passed out on the couch. Steve figured that the self-neglecting brunet had probably retreated to either his bedroom or back to his workshop to finish upgrading his armor.
There were dozens of pictures -- some printed off his own site, some of Steve in his personal life, some of
“Woah there Cap, easy. You don’t want to rip open your stitches.” A voice said, and Bruce hurried over to him, placing a hand on his shoulder to steady him.
The streets were filled with hundreds of heavily built robots marching in sync, bullets firing from the guns mounted onto their shoulders.
***THERE IS SOME BRIEF NON-CON AND NON-EROTIC ASPHYXIATION IN THIS CHAPTER SO PLEASE MIND THE TAGS***
“Usually I’m the one who gets distracted and ignores my date.” He muttered, drumming his fingers on the glass table.
Steve stole the flask again and took another drink himself. The taste wasn’t pleasant by any means, and the most intoxication he felt was just a brief rush of heat over his face that lasted half a second, but he knew that Tony could down that whole container on his without a problem so the more he drank, the less Tony would.
“Why are you persistent about shutting me out?” Steve asked, on the cusp of desperation because he had tried his hardest not to come off as hostile. To be friendly and respectful and caring and every time he thought that Tony was finally coming around the brunet would shut him out. “I thought we were having fun together, why are you so against becoming friends?”
The response was almost instant.
Mr. Stark shrugged. “Suit yourself, I’m having a whiskey.”
Steve let out a quiet moan and bit his bottom lip to stifle the sound, letting out a soft grunt as he worked his hand up and down his cock.
Tony gave a hearty laugh.
“Yeah, what is it?” He answers coolly, but the annoyance in his voice is transparent.
The Hulk had taken care of most of the invaders by the time they joined the skirmish, leaving the rest of the team to deal with the stragglers. The Kree got away in the end, though Tony figured they wouldn’t be coming back anytime soon. With any luck, their inglorious retreat might set an example for any other threats lurking in the galaxy that might look to earth as an easy target.
After sending Pepper to get ice for his face, Tony took his anger out on the elevator, furiously pressing the call button until the doors opened to let him in. He punched the number for his office, tenderly touching his busted lip and hissing at the throb of pain.
Tony offered a smug expression of his own in response. “Who says I need the suit to kick your blue, alien asses.” He said defiantly, putting his fists up by his face and taking up a fighting stance.
“Well, good to know you weren’t just going to leave me hanging. Guess I’m not that much of a pain in the ass.” The billionaire huffed.
“That’s better.” She smiled again, genuine this time, and took a sip of her cocktail. “So word around the tower is that you and Steve are friends now?”
“If I’m not allowed to leave, then what else do you have in mind?” He inquires eagerly.
Lucky for him there was no fracture in his leg, only a mild sprain that would heal within the next few days. Dr. Cho had instructed him to stay off his leg during that time, warning him that putting too much strain on it would only make it worse, but Tony, unable to stand still for too long at a time, ignored that advice.
“Anyways, so how’s this whole friendship thing playing out?” She asked, perfectly manicured eyebrow arched in what appeared to be sheer curiosity.
Steve gave him a disapproving look for the sarcasm, but offered his hand as an anchor anyway, which Tony used to haul himself up out of the wreckage.
“I'm gonna jump.”
“Good job kiddo.” He encouraged when Peter dumped another item in the box.
Tony punctuated his words by lunging at Steve’s neck, sucking and biting at the skin until Steve was certain there would be marks. When the older man was satisfied with his work, he began sliding down Steve’s perfect body, leaving a trail of kisses down from his chest all the way to his stomach before stopping comfortably nestled with his head between the blond’s thighs.
“Nice try Stark, but I don’t give up that easily.” He said, lifting himself off of the stone counter top. “You and I are going to learn to get along with one another. Even if it kills me.”
“I promise you, my thoughts aren’t very ‘middle school’ right now.” He laughed, bright blue eyes darkened by a level of desire that Tony didn’t think Captain America was capable of.
“Well then, maybe if I’m lucky some of Steve’s good habits might rub off on you.” Pepper teased, giving him a sliding glance, but decided not to push Tony’s buttons too much.
Steve glanced at Doom over his shield, noticing the slightest ripple in the air around him. His eyes widened when he realized that the villain was anticipating Tony’s attack and had put up his magnetic force field. Steve raised himself onto his feet and held his hand out towards tony.
“Gimme a minute and I’ll do you.” He slurred tiredly, really starting to feel the beckoning haze of drowsiness from those three glasses of champagne.
Steve briefly glanced over his shoulder and the two girls quickly averted their eyes, hiding shy smiles behind delicately manicured hands. He turned back to Tony with a raised eyebrow. “What makes you think she’s interested in me? You’re the famous playboy.” He pointed out which earned a low chuckle from the other.
“I uh… I’ve got my hand on my cock.” He starts shyly, slowly dragging his hand up and down.
Steve put on a strong front, but Tony knew that watching the woman he once loved flip flop between memories was wearing down on him.
Coyly and maybe just a little vindictive, Steve purposely let it ring a couple times before sliding his thumb across the accept call button.
Steve stumbles shirtless into the living room, fresh out of the shower and starts rooting through the laundry basket to find a clean shirt.
He might actually be able to make rent if he kept it up.
Steve’s parental instinct took over, even if he could tell Peter didn’t have a scratch on him. “Oh, Peter. You okay?” He asked, hovering over the baby.
So much for the Mark 18, he thought absently. He really needed to come up with some sort of portable energy source for the Iron Man suit, because all of these power malfunctions were really starting to get on his nerves.
Tony was about to reply with some witty response about this being an elaborate ruse to get him to play nice with the team, but he was cut off by the sound of terrorized screaming.
“Fuck, no wonder you're in such high demand, that ass should be illegal.” He sighs, reaching for a tissue to clean off before tucking himself back in his trousers.
you would have never had to…” He started, but couldn’t bring himself to finish.
“Don’t worry about it, you'll do fine. Mr. Stark's office is just at the top of this elevator.” She told him, sliding her key card and adding a secondary four digit code.
Steve watched, jealousy and anger boiling in his stomach as he could only stare. He should be the one holding him. The words not lost to him either as he remembered SpiderMan and how close he seemed with Tony. He wanted to scream.
-You are aware that you will have to sign the Accords Mr. Rogers?- the king had asked as they walked through a concurred corridor, he led Steve into one of the conference rooms they had in the palace.
- I know -
-You had me - the accusation, along with the past tense made Steve look up at Tony again. His blurry vision made him blink so he could focus on the brunette on the screen. - I tried so hard Steve, so hard and you just threw me away. Left me to die alone and broken. Did you even think of me when all of that happened? Or were you just thinking about yourself? - Tony was now standing. His hands on the table that could be seen on the screen. The fire in those eyes reminded him of the heated arguments between them right before it all fell apart and Steve held his ground. He stared right back, determined even more now than ever to fix this between them.
-I'm ok, Stephen I'm ok-
-What... is that Rogers?!- he asked, and suddenly understanding he pulled apart from Tony, holding him at arms length -Are you ok?- he asked again, and Steve felt he was missing something by the way they looked at each other in a silent exchange of words. -Ok, ok. I'll leave. I'll come back later, ok?- he whispered, right above Tonys' lips. He kissed him and turned around, not even looking at Steve and exiting through the portal.
- Stop - Steve whispers, but Tony doesn't seem to notice, because he keeps going.
And those words kill Steve because he did leave Tony. In spirit and heart perhaps not, but in body he did, he walked away and didn't turn around, even though he was dying to. Perhaps he did kill someone that cold winter day. Perhaps it was their relationship. Their love. - Tony stop - he says louder this time. And he finally does.
, but he can't stop, he had started and can't stop. And now he is crying for a whole different reason. Because although he and Stephen are not official, they do have something going on. And Steve is right there, looking at him with his beautiful blue eyes, now red from all the crying. - He takes me on dates, he was there in the bunker, after you left. He was there with Viz, they ehh... they rescued me. He likes my music. - he adds, because he never knows when to shut up.
Steve looked down at his hands, what about Bucky? He had asked himself that a lot during this time.
- I love you, Tony -
- Then why are we here now Steve? I'm still me, faults and all. And you are still you - Tony asked, fresh tears running down his face now, the anger subsiding and making way to sadness.
-Yeah, it was pretty stupid Steve - Tony interrupted, his jaw set and a determined look in his eyes - Yes, you should have told me. Even then, in front of that fucking screen, you could have stopped everything to tell me. I trusted you, Steve, I even - he stopped, the confession at the tip of his tongue, the words never spoken out loud now heavier than ever between them. - I could have helped, even way back, when you and Tash had all that mess with SHIELD, Icould have helped with the fallout. I could have done something. I could have done more. I always did everything for the team. For you Steve. - he broke down. His voice cracking and he looked down, hiding his face from the camera, trying to compose himself.
- Loved? - he whimpered, the ugly truth hitting him in the face. - No, no. NO. Tony, we still have time, we can fix this. - He stood up, his hands banging on the desk beneath him, moving so quickly that Tony took a few steps back, the stool falling to the side with a loud bang, his hands up in front of him, the new IronMan gauntlets materializing out of thin air onto them and aiming directly at the screen. Directly to Steve. And he stared, amazed, and shocked in equal measures.
It was really simple, Steve had to apologize to Tony, just a sincere ‘Im sorry’. It was all it had to be, all that it needed to be and then they could start mending this thing they have had between them since the Chitauri invasion. It all seemed so long ago. The complicity and silent understanding, the easy talks and friendly banter, the almost kisses and couch cuddles. The sleepless nights shared with hot chocolate and coffee (one sugar, no milk). Steve missed all of it. He missed Tony.
- Yes, yes I did. I called Vision. I called Pepper. We weren't even out of that damned place when I was making sure someone was coming for you Tony. And it broke me. It broke me because I wanted to stay. To take you in my arms and make sure you were ok. -
He sat in front of the hologram that functioned as a TV, he knew perfectly how this was his one shot with Tony - I know, thank you so much for setting this up for me-.
- I'm sorry Steve, I guess i didn't love you enough to wait all this time - he said, looking down at his calloused hands. He fumbled with one of his pockets and took at the phone that he had left. - I carried it around for months, I waited for you to call. I was too stubborn to do it myself, too afraid that you wouldn't pick up if I did try to call. - he turned it around in his hand, idly toying with it. - It ran out of battery a while ago and I didn't bother to charge it. I knew by then that you wouldn't call. And I knew I couldn't. -
- You already said that - furious chocolate eyes looking directly at him, tears streaming down his face too. He looked ready to fight and then he looked aside, that fire leaving his body just as fast as it had come - and I'm sorry too. I was... - he trailed off.
My mom wasn’t really around much- the lot of the boarding school child, I’m afraid. Did you get on with yours?
Natasha.
So basically what you were saying in your last letter is that you do have a crush on Steve. Well, sorry, but you’re not going to stand a chance against apple pie. I think he might have someone anyway. You know, all super-secret and whatever to protect them, blah blah.
Client Liason
I don't see how me not going to Prom could have anything to do with you, but fine. If it is to protect your reputation then I guess I can swing by. If only to get the girls off my back about going.
We did a little crime fighting on the way. I was a little nervous in case there was any Vemon left, but Loki said I needed to 'get back on the horse' or i'd sync myself out too much. I probably wouldn't have done it if it had just been a robbery, but we ran into some guys hassling some poor girl and I didn't want to just leave her.
“Stark is not only a name, it's also a globally recognisable brand. Cap needs to cut the crap on this one and get with the times!”
Fine. [deeper intonation] Hey Hitler-
Show security footage.
I figured maybe I should tell you what actually happened. So I went for option one, ie, being sneaky. I got shown in and I was waiting in the room where low and behold, suspicious liquor cabinet. I figured it would be their public-ish space if that was where the parties were. Anyway, I slipped a little micro-scanner on it, which was busy getting infrared and ultrasound and X-ray and all sorts of lovely pictures while Osbourne kept me waiting in the most obvious attempt at a mind game I’ve ever seen. Anyway, he eventually shows, we do the whole back-and-forth banter, I make some dramatic declarations of war/revenger to make it seem like that was all I was there for, he says he is going to destroy me and my reputation, blah blah blah, my scanner uploads to Jarvis and I get out of there, leaving the scanner to dissolve after an hour or so in a system totally-not-based-on-your-web-fluid-after-you-showed-me-that-one-time. So yeah. Cap still isn’t 100% convinced that Osbourne is up to no good, but now I’ve had a closer look at the scans and run them by Jarvis I’m reasonably sure that those are parts of some sort of weapon or transport or who knows what, plus some things that are definitely incendiaries. Unless Oscorp is planning a move into the arms market, those aren’t just prototypes. Couple it with the fact he’s apparently been working on super-power-giving spiders, and even Cap’s agreed it warrants a Shield observation. I give it about five minutes before they find something illegitimate.
Penny
Oh yeah, that is a thing that is happening. Natasha has convinced Steve to catch up on Disney movies. Actually, he was surprisingly okay with it. Then again, this is a guy that saw Snow White at the movies and thought of it as cutting edge because it was animated and in colour. Hell, he saw The Three Caballeros and thought it was quote, ‘pretty good’, even though it makes precisely zero sense. We’re up to the 2000s now, and if he doesn’t watch Enchanted soon I swear I will not be responsible for what happens to Clint.
There isn’t an intern application. Pepper and I hand pick all interns ourselves, you have to be head hunted. I don’t usually even meet them and I probably won’t see you, but I do see the work they’ve done before, including yours. ‘I only won the science fair because the competition was so low’, my ass. Bug cameras- cameras on actual bugs- that’s adorable. I want you to work on them this summer, see if you can improve the resolution. See, I’ve been looking into the Ultron project again, and one thing I’m considering is having them measure heart rates so they can sedate when people get out of hand. But imagine implanting it biologically into someone so they know they shut down if they try anything- bye bye jail breaks. I swear 90% of heroing is recapturing the same like five guys. Anyway, I’m interested in your whole body-heat-power thing, so basically come work for us for the summer, experiment, fool around with your ideas, and see what you have to give me in the fall.
Natasha,
Penny
He thinks Venom might be tied into my emotional state, so he has been trying to cheer me up..
Natasha,
And we may have gone to see a movie together once, but in my defence Mary Jane and Gwen were meant to come too, they just never showed....
(Was this ‘couple of friends’ going to include Osbourne’s kid? Ahahaha NO. Remember how I told you to avoid Loki and you didn’t and that worked out great for you? Well, remember how I also told you to avoid Harry? Do that.)
wrong! I’m not going to turn him into a ‘murderous psycho’, kid, because he is one
You need to come out of the school for a few weeks at least. I’m not kidding. You aren’t safe.
They want to put me in charge of registering the super heroes. They think that maybe if people can see that it isn't just some Government guys in suits keeping tabs on them, but rather long serving experienced heroes, they'll feel more comfortable. They want to work with us on this Steve, us and SHIELD.
Sorry, I should have said ‘This is Steve Rogers, who would be recording a special message if he could work out what the hell Stark has written here’.
Apologies for the late update, Blackthorn and I have been at a wedding. (No, not to each other :P) I am also going away on holiday next week, which means updates and/or replies to comments may be delayed. Hopefully not, but we'll see :P
I need to see you. What's going on?
Don't make Cybermen Tony!
So, update- the questioning did not really go over so well. Natasha got over there and Osbourne just wanted to know if she was there for the Avengers or Shield. When she said both, he told her the police could handle it. (Right). Anyway, you might be surprised to know Nat didn’t kick him in the face ala Penelope Parker, because Cap had told her to keep it, quote, ‘boring and legal’. Of course, her definition of those terms is pretty flexible and she bugged a cop on the way in so we could listen to what he was saying. Nat and Steve are running voice analysis now, see if the slimeball was lying to the cops. He’s mostly blowing hot air though; ‘they tried to kidnap my son, I want them found, I want them dead’, blah blah blah. I sent him a text reminding him to thank you for saving his useless kid ;)
Tony,
Loki managed to catch up with me a bit later. He seems to think I'm scared of you or something.
At least your Aunt likes Steve. She keeps calling him ‘a nice young man’. If she finds out I’m dating him she’ll probably think I’m a corruptive influence. Which I totally am, but that’s between me and Steve.
Penny
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve xxxx
The life sentence is only for those who refuse to register. No one has done that yet, and if they did I don't think they would really get a life sentence...it is just a threat.
Just a few short weeks ago, the nation was shocked when Captain America, previously thought to be a paragon of traditional values and the rule of law, took an opposing position to the proposed SRA and walked out on his wife. Now we find photographic evidence of the golden boy's dark side- covered up for over seventy years.
Be careful while we’re gone and watch out for Osbourne. And Loki. And supervillains in general. And you know, the dangers of drugs and smoking and forest fires or whatever. In fact, just watch out for everything. Probably best.
Penny.
In the USO days I had better script writers.
What if I get really deep into a project and forget to change it or something? I'm gonna need so many robot nannies.
Thanks for the lawyers too. I appreciate your help but seriously, one is enough. I told the rest of the team to leave. If they decide not to charge me I want it to be for the right reasons, not because some fancy lawyer gets me off on a technicality. You can't say you believe in justice one day and start playing the system the next. They're trying to rush my trial through anyway (probably because they're worried the situation will escalate) so it should be before the end of the week.
Steve xxx
Special notice- Regular reader Emusam has just begun a wonderful fic featuring Loki, Wanda, Penny and Vision and y'all should go read it :D It's called Chaos Magic and the link can be found at the end of the story :)
I did wonder where everyone was. Next time maybe give me a bit of a heads up. Though I have to admit I am enjoying the peace and quiet :P
- I do -
Tony shook his head, carefully avoiding looking at Steve in the screen. And he wanted to talk, to let this Stephen-guy know he was there. He was there in Tonys' life and perhaps still in his heart. His words however didn't come, his tongue felt dry as those scarred hands moved up and down on the geniuses arms, a motion meant to be comforting. He wasn't going to just stand aside. He loved Tony. He did with everything he had and he was going to get him back.
- I'm sorry, Tony I'm so sorry. I was wrong- he said. Coming clean for the first time. - I should have told you about Bucky. About your parents. I'm so sorry I didn't. It was stupid of me to - .
, he doesn't say.
-Please stay in Wakanda - Tony said, and Steve had the feeling he was begging too - The pardons are still pending, I don't want you to compromise them because we - he cut himself and took a deep breath, finally looking up at the screen, at Steve.
- Steve, please stop - he implored, Steve hated seeing him so sad, so broken. All because of their actions. Of his inaction too. - What about Barnes? - he asked after. An accusatory tint to his words.
When the screen went black he closed his eyes. He was determined now, he had the objective clear in his mind. He would do whatever he had to. It was just a matter of time before he was back at the Compound and he was going to fix this.
- Tony...- he stared, dumbfounded and speechless.
- I would have picked up - he said but the words seemed empty, devoid of any meaning. - I didn't know if you would have picked up either - he opened the phone, and looked at the battery. He always kept it charged.
He took a long breath, steadying his heart. He had to do what was right. He had to talk to Tony. Apologize and beg, if it came to that. He wonders where it all went to hell.
-Goodbye Steve - was the only response he got.
- I was scared - Steve said. Somehow he felt relieved to say it out loud - I was scared of how it all will unfold, of how I felt for you. Of all these things you made me feel. I was scared that this was all too much. -
-I miss you- he said because it was true. Because he was tired of pretending that he didn't in front of the team. He was tired of the looks Natasha gave him, of the worried glances Clint would direct at him whenever Tony was mentioned. He was tired of Wanda and her detached words, of Sam and Scotts' looks of understanding. They didn't. Nobody understood. Nobody but Tony.
-Hello Tony- he waved his hand.
- He is part of the New Avengers, I call him Harry Potter, he... he uses magic - he laughs, a mirthless laugh, a sad laugh, and he knows he should shut up, god
- Steve, please don't -
They stayed silent for a couple more minutes. Steve studied the wrinkles around Tonys' eyes, he could have sworn they weren't this pronounced when they last saw each other. Laughter. They were more prominent when Tony was laughing. - I am not giving up -
Horrified, Tony put his hands down, the hand repulsors disappearing into his skin - I can't Steve. I can't anymore. - he said, a sad broken thing that Steve was sure he could only hear due to the serum and his enhanced hearing. The mechanic in the screen hugged himself, rubbing his own arms as if seeking heat, comfort.
Tony saw it, saw the frustration and longing in those blue eyes. The clear blue of the sky, the faint glow of his arc reactor. His hand raised too, instinctively trying to hold the others hand and he too only felt the distance. The emptiness. They stayed silent for a couple of minutes. Looking at each other. Noticing the subtle changes they had had during these months apart and Tony would be lying if he denied that he too missed the supersoldier. But now there was so much between them. The distance, the lies, the secrets and people. There was other people too now. -I don't want it like this. I don't want it to be like this. I loved you Steve. I did. - he finally said. It broke his heart all over again.
Steve grimaced, but nodded, he had read the first draft, finally understanding why Tony had done what he did. They had always had this difference of opinions about how to lead but he now knew better than to just lash out and blame it all on the billionaire. Steve figured that with the Amends the New Avengers were drafting they will finally have a more reasonable scheme, less government control. Because in the end, Tony had been right in saying that they needed some sort of control. Someone to held them accountable for their mistakes. He felt his stomach drop, just like that first time he realized that they had left everything to IronMan, the fallout of Siberia, Lagos, and that damn bunker... Bucky still couldn't look him in the eye. "We just left him there Steve... alone..".
-Tony?- he called, loud and sure of himself, he squared his shoulders and looked right at the engineer, ignoring completely the dark eyes of the other man. He felt a kind of sick satisfaction when he finally looked at him, shock in his eyes.
It was ok, he didn't need to say anything. - I love you Tony, and I'm not going to walk away again. I'm not going to let you go. - he promised.
And Steve jumped in his seat as he felt something wet on his hand, startled he raised his hand to his cheek, noticing that he had started crying. - Tony, I'm sorry - .
When they were alone again Tony looked up at him but still didn't say anything.
Suddenly, the black screen flicked alive, a video feed finally appearing of glass doors, scattered metal suit parts, wires and blinking led lights, what seemed to be a red and blue fabric on one of the metal tables and heavy music coming from the speakers too. Tonys lab. His heart fluttered, he could see Dum-E in the back, holding what looked like a mug, Butterfingers following him until they disappeared from the screen. He smiled, the familiarity of the ambiance and the loud music making him yearn to be back. To finally close the gap. To confess his feelings.
He had finally gathered the courage to talk to T'chala, asking for his help to get in contact with Tony.
He waited. And waited. And waited. Nervously, he looked at the clock displayed on the hologram, a couple of minutes had passed. He could wait. He would wait. Hours, days, weeks if needed.
And Tony flinched, a barely-there movement that caught his eyes.
-No, don't apologize. Not to me. You deserved better, something more than a stupid letter and an old phone. - Steve said with conviction, his hands half raised to the screen. He wanted to hold Tony, to hug him, and wipe those tears away. - I know it's not enough, but Tony, I'm so sorry. I wish I could go back and stop myself. I wish I had reached to you sooner. I wanted you so much, Tony I still do. - he finally confessed. He was earnest, his blue eyes so open and sincere that Tony, across the damn world, had to look away again, unable to face all of the blonde's emotions. - I, I love you, Tony. I have loved you for so long. These months have been awful. What I did to you, and what I didn't. - he paused between hiccups - It wasn't worth it. - and he slowed down. Waiting for the other man to look up at him again.
