“I saw you with your husband, sometimes. He kisses you before he heads off to work. He’s tall,” James muses. “Like a bodybuilder. To be honest, I didn’t think he’d be your type.”
Tony hits him on his shoulder. “And I suppose now they’ll know that you visited me. They’ll probably start tailing me too, and the kids, and Steve.”
Tony stares at him, his face feeling awfully dry and taut against the bones. “Do you really think that I’m that shallow?” he asks, quietly.
“We’ll clean it up before they can see it, unless you were planning to let them sleep somewhere other than their rooms tonight?”
Tony’s throat flexes. “What exactly are you asking me?” he asks, acid seeping into his voice.
Natasha’s fingers are stained with blood when she completes the last note, awkwardly hanging off Rhodey’s shoulders, considering that Toni is still seated on his lap, since all of her male relatives are dead now, and Rhodey is the closest thing to a brother that Toni will ever have.
Wanda squeezes his hand.
“Are you calling me fat?” Tony retorts, with just the smallest hint of genuine question, but that was better saved for another day.
“Step forward, Hodge.”
“That’s what we do for
Howard would never have done this before, touched him so easily, like fathers should be able to touch their sons (Tony wonders if he’d changed his mind, changed the way he acted around Tony after what happened between him and Obadiah, as though Tony would misunderstand him).
This is sex, he reminds himself, just sex, just an itch that needs to be scratch, for both of them, a way to get rid of the adrenaline rushing through his body.
There’s a vast ocean between them, and Tony doesn’t think either of them are ready to swim, but there is something different here, something that Tony couldn’t have and wouldn’t have thought possible until all of this happened, until all of the skeletons were unearthed, literally and figuratively.
Steve clears his throat. “From, from where?” he stammers, his voice dragging like a grinding stone.
“If you’re falling asleep in there, might I suggest that you finish up and head to bed?”
Tony can hear the sickening crunch of it falling down a long, steep flight of stairs.
“Wait, wait!” he hisses, shoving it back before he can slip inside.
He wraps his legs around Steve’s waist, clutching onto him for dear life.
Steve barrels straight through the flaps, heading for the colonel, Tony hot on his heels.
“I will pinch you in a super uncomfortable place,” Tony warns.
“We landed.” Tony pauses. “You’ll be fine,” he says, softly.
me and we could be a family, and you didn’t, Steve. You didn’t fucking
His temples begin to pound, and he rubs at them.
“Okay, okay,” Steve sighs. “I think.”
“Should I… I mean, is therapy something I should be considering?” he asks, shame stinging across the nape of his neck.
His father had affairs, had fucked his way through Manhattan, brought drunk, giggling girls half his age home to where his wife and son slept, and gave them defiant, furious looks, as if daring them to protest.
Tony dives again, stroking deep into the tunnel. When he descends around fifteen feet, he grabs a vine and steadies himself, searching the dim roof of the tunnel.
Tony preens. “I am, aren’t I?”
She imitates the sound, like nails on chalkboard, her voice sliding high.
Phillips stares at all three of them, before reaching for the crate in the truck that they’re leaning against.
A noise catches in her throat, like a sob.
someone else?” Tony lifts an eyebrow.
, and when the fourth, which we’re currently in, ends, we go back to the first.
Steve shrugs. “You start running, they’ll never let you stop. You stand up, push back, can’t say no forever, right?”
He looks away.
“Who said they were going to get away with it?” Tony asks, confused.
“Ruined,” Tony says, bitterly. “Defiled, despoiled, take your pick.”
Frankly, he’s glad that Natasha becomes his bed mate – it means that Grant can’t touch him in his chambers.
Tony feels the smile stretch across his face. “It could be,” he says, vaguely. “How did you want to spend your extra-special weekend?”
Tony drags his teeth together and then throws his arms around James’ shoulders, clutching onto him tight, burying his face into the muscle mass of his shoulder.
“Steve, Steve, please wake me up,” he mutters. “Please,
, Steve. He didn’t say any of that. In fact, he’s made it fucking clear that nothing like that happened between us. What more do you
“I’m not coming up with anything. You haven’t had sex with me in
“That works, though,” Tony says, recovering. “Ten minutes after I suck you off, and if Steve can keep going without coming too quickly, you’ll have enough time for me to suck you off and for you to fuck me all in the same encounter.” He claps his hands together. “Places, boys!”
Steve pokes him in the ribs to make him shriek, and then, somehow, both of them topple off the edge of the couch, and the lube goes
her to me. It turns out that she only came to this restaurant with her date because
Natasha and Tony exchange a look.
“Someone cut her while you watched, and you don't know what he looked like?” Tony says, dubiously.
Dinner is a loud affair, as it usually is with two little children.
don’t marry at eighteen unless we’re certain we’re going to die still married to that person.” He shakes his head. “I shouldn’t even be telling you any of this. You don’t have a right to this information. You don’t get to fucking stand there and judge me like you know anything about me or my marriage or what it’s like to be in my relationship. You don’t get stand here and admit that you played
“Sir,” Tony whines low in his throat, bearing down against Steve’s fingers, “sir, I like your fingers inside me.”
The moment is shattered, when the man next to Steve shouts out, “hey, let’s hear it for Captain America!”
“Tony, what’s
“Do you trust Tony, Steve?”
“Yeah…” Tony drawls.
“And the kids are gone because of me,” James says, his expression solemn and strained. “It’s my fault, no one else’s.”
And now, he’s dead, and Steve is alone, he’s still alone.
“I didn’t get any of that,” Tony grinds out. “I didn’t have love. I didn’t have warmth. I didn’t have comfort. I just had my father, and he never failed to make me feel like the stupid, pathetic piece of shit that I was forever believing someone like you, so good and brave and strong, was capable of loving someone like me, so full of poison and selfishness and cruelty.”
“Wake up, Steve, wake up!” he shouts, desperation clinging to his voice.
Steve presses the head of his cock against Tony’s rim, and his swollen rim flutters open, parting for him like a ripe peach. The stretch burns a little at first, the width of Steve’s cock much more than the width of three of his fingers, but Tony quickly gets used to it, and Steve stops with every inch or so that slips inside him, checking Tony’s face, his hands, the noises that he deliberately doesn’t make, to ensure that he isn’t hurting him.
Tony feels the rage like the last, dying embers of a fire being set alight once more. “Yeah, because you were spying on a good, decent man who hasn’t done anything wrong,” he snarls.
But it happens as Steve promises him.
“Daddy, give us our backpacks!” Peter makes grabby hands, his eyes wide and liquid.
overreacting, that he wasn’t being silly, just knowing that his children still love him and think the world of him, and hearing it from someone else, a veritable stranger, is more comforting than even Steve saying it to him.
“Yes, yes, of course.”
Steve’s hand cradles his jaw, softly, leaning in close, barely brushing his mouth against his. “I’m sorry,” he whispers.
James stares at him, stonily. “I could kill your husband.”
“I am a child!” he shouts. “I am a fucking child! In case you haven’t realised, I am a child, and I’m
There’s an edge to his voice that Tony wants to push against, probe into, but he doesn’t get the chance, because Steve’s warm hand palms at his half-hard cock, distracting him. His back arches at the next surge of Steve’s fingers inside his body, and he finds his toes curling.
Therapy is difficult.
He stops.
“Does alcohol have to play a part in all of those suggestions?” Steve says, making a face.
Rhodey stares grimly ahead of the ship. “You have very important friends,” he says, pointing with a sweeping hand.
He has no intention of giving up anything to these evil bastards.
“We, uh, we talked to Rhodes.”
“Just for a second.”
“How so?”
that, James. I knew that, and I was prepared for all of it because I
Steve gnaws on his lower lip. “I’m sorry,” he says, in a low, rushed voice.
Tony knows why he adopted the gentle voice – because Tony has been so singularly reticent about talking about what happened on Titan.
The whine splits the air, and suddenly, the entire laboratory goes dark. The whine dies, as does the EKG.
, that’s… just… that’s a sin that cannot be endured. That’s
Tony smells the sickly-sweet stench of charred flesh, which turns his stomach, makes the bile rise in his throat, and then, the beam collapses, the tunnel going along with it, and the Nazis are all buried alive.
“What is it?” Tony asks, the anger lighting up like a wick in a vat of oil. “You not turned on by me anymore, is that it? Is it because I’ve put on a little weight, or is it because I have wrinkles now, and I’m getting old? What the fuck is it, Steve?”
Tony deflates. “Would you just, would you just
“You do,” Tony agrees. “Now, I know why Steve was so keen on making this for breakfast.”
“Regrettable?” Tony laughs, harsh and grating. “I suppose you would think that; after all, rape is not some unforgivable thing where alphas are concerned, is it? No, it’s only the omegas that have to live with the consequences that you all force on us. And I suppose it is the United States in a nutshell as well, trotting out a rapist as their warrior of choice against the evil Nazis. I suppose the character of such a man means nothing to you, as long as you get your big, fast soldier, as you said.”
Tony whistles. “He definitely wants to fight in this war. Paramus, New Haven, Scranton, Vineland, Springfield,” he muses, staring at the various 4Fs that litter the file. “He definitely wants to kill Nazis?”
“What about the gem?”
He’s vibrating, when he pulls the car into park, in front of the warehouse. He reaches under the seat, to a compartment that he’d installed just for himself, and fishes out a sleek little gun that fits perfectly in his hand.
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “And you waited six weeks?”
,” he snaps, going on without missing a beat. “I have never looked you like you were a piece of meat, Steve. I have thought of you as having uses or novelties. I just wanted
Tony has never heard him sound like that, never heard anything but the most perfect American newscaster accent, perfectly plebeian, something that no one would think twice about when they heard him speak; now, he talks like he was born and brought up on the streets of Brooklyn, that thick twang overtaking his voice.
Wow, that hurts as much as anything else Tony has ever felt, like a hot, blistering knife twisting in his belly.
Tony backs up until his back hits Steve’s chest. Steve steadies him with a hand on his hip.
A man rudely shoves it back inside and pulls the zipper up the rest of the way.
Steve slides free of him on the next thrust, and Tony whines at the sudden sensation of emptiness between his legs. Steve’s hand finds the nape of his neck, keeping him pinned with his ass tilted up, and sinks in an inch. Tony takes a mile and grinds himself down in an almost frenzy, rolling his hips back to meet the thrust.
He understands what’s going to happen next.
“It’s been one year,” Tony rasps, his eyes feeling heavy, bruised. “One year since the Snap.”
“What is it that you’re asking me, Steve?” Tony makes his question more like a demand. “Are you angry that I was out today when you were doing me such a great favour by picking up
“Don’t do that,” he says, disapprovingly. “It scares me.”
“Tell me about it,” he says, dryly.
At some stage, they decide to halt for the night at an inn.
He slips out of the embrace, and somehow, Steve remains as dead to the world as he ever was. He gathers his clothes, dressing quickly, keeping his eyes on Steve the entire time, just in case his eyes would open.
And then, he looks up at Steve through the dip of his eyelashes, looking shy, and he says, “Have you watched Star Wars, Daddy?”
“Yeah, of course, I just…” Steve chews on his lower lip. “Do you really think you should be drinking right now?”
“Come on,” he cajoles and tugs Steve along into the bedroom.
They both shove pieces of paper into his hands, and Tony exchanges a look with Steve and James over their heads. He unravels the pages, and a knot forms in his throat, like nothing he’s ever felt before.
Warnings for this Chapter: Explicit Sexual Content
Agent Carter purses her lips like she doesn’t believe him. “Come on, let’s get you up.”
He dips his head, nudging lower than his cock, and Tony’s eyes fly open when a tongue brushes him
“Oh, honey,” Toni says, sympathetically, leaning froward. “All nice clothes feel itchy.”
“We didn’t force anything,” Steve says, coldly. “The Winter Soldier was back on American soil. Did you think no one was going to notice, especially with a rap sheet that long?”
And then, Tony grudgingly pulls himself away, as he slowly starts to notice the sweat sticking uncomfortably to his skin, the come that’s dried on his thighs, even his face from the first blowjob.
say to make this situation better for any of them.
“Look, just because you can’t get it up, right now, doesn’t mean that you’ll never get it up ever again,” Tony says, carefully. “You’re stressed right now. You’re amped up; you’ve had a shitty day; you’re getting used to all of this again. Without pretending that I’m a sex therapist or something, I think it’s fairly normal for this kind of scenario. We can try again tomorrow, and failing that, there are pills that we can take. I just… don’t do them, and we might have to see a doctor about what works with your conditions and my conditions and all, but still, there are pills. In any case, sex isn’t just about genital penetration. We both have fingers and mouths and there are toys that we can use, and it will be just as good.”
There’s a pause, and then, over the speaker, Tony can hear Steve ask, “Is it too late to go to the bathroom?”
Tony rubs his back, leans in close so that he can rest of his head on Steve’s shoulder.
“You smell like lime,” James says, nuzzling at his temple.
And then, Maushmi slips down from the sofa, her little, dark hand curving around Steve’s knee to keep her upright, before she pads over to James and climbs onto his other knee. There’s a tiny scuffle between Maushmi and Peter, both of their faces scrunching up in distaste, and they immediately quieten when Tony makes a sharp noise at the back of his throat.
“You lied so much,” Tony says, his voice breaking messily.
me to think that you and Steve were having an affair.”
Tony shakes his head. He peers at Peggy. “Agent Carter, if we’re trying to avoid the reprisal that we’re undoubtedly going to get when we return to the camp, how about a bit of a stop-over? Say Lucerne, late-night fondue?”
Rumlow bares his teeth at Tony. “Stark, your persistence surprises even me. Now, I thought you were just an average bartender.”
“I can kill him for you,” James says, after a moment.
The redhead nears them, the man on her arm somewhat bemused but clearly dumb enough that he takes it all in stride.
Natasha’s brow furrows like she doesn’t immediately remember what he’s talking about.
, Steve, your mistress and our kids! But I can’t do it anymore, not when you treat me like this. Not when there’s a fucking double standard.”
“When the gem gets loaded, we’re already going to be on that plane,” Steve says, his voice barely above a murmur.
“Steve–”
But it’s different now.
“Clearly, you should talk to Rhodey, because I make decisions for other people all the time.”
“You are a beast,” she declares, panting, a fist pressed against her pounding heart. “A kinky little beast, and I love you so fucking much. Next time, you should use the vibrator on me.”
Natasha looks at him, and there’s sorrow lining her face. “You’re sure?”
He hears it, the sound of the knives against metal.
“He… he’d been used by a terrorist organisation called HYDRA. He was… brainwashed and conditioned and abused into being their assassin, getting rid of everyone that they deemed was a threat to them. After a while, James, he was able to break away from the brainwashing and the conditioning, and he escaped. And then, he started hitting them back, and there was… well, he found out they were planning on poisoning Massachusetts water supply.”
“Flash’s daddy got married again,” Peter says, solemnly. “I heard him talking at recess that he doesn’t spend that much time with him anymore.”
“Damn,” Tony curses under his breath.
There are tears in the bedsheets from Tony’s nails and strength, and Steve’s voice is strained now, as he pushes forward, Tony’s body rocking forcefully with the force of Steve’s thrust.
Steve stares at them both, and then, he deflates.
Tony stares at her; his mother doesn’t drop her eyes for a second.
? You’re going to stay in Daddy and Appa’s room and take us to school and make our lunches and watch movies with us?”
“For fuck’s sake,” Tony growls. “Give me that.”
“This okay?” Steve mutters against the hollow of his back.
“I know you,” he says, quietly. “I know you not as well as I could, as my omega, but I know you enough to know that you are no killer, at least not one that is mindless and cruel.”
James’ brow furrows. “What?”
“But I
“You really fucking think that your girlfriend gave you those photos out of the goodness of her own heart?” Tony taunts. “She did that because she wanted me out of the way, you fucking moron, because she had the information that would tank me as a threat, because she knew you’d never have the balls to get rid of me yourself; she knew she had to go nuclear to get what she wanted, to take my place, and she picked the perfect accusation to go with.”
“Anything?” Tony calls out.
,” he says, bitterly.
“You know what I mean,” Steve says, waving the spatula around. “I love you, you know that I love you, but we are combative as fuck in our relationship. We fight a lot, and it’s good because our fights are usually about stupid shit, but I guess I thought that was just
“That day that I went to his apartment, when we finished talking, when he told me why he was back, that he needed my help with something, I realised that I was running late to pick up the twins from school. By the time I got there, Steve had already picked them up. I wasn’t… I mean, how could I have possibly fucking expected that? Steve hasn’t come home before eight in
Colonel Fury stares down at them.
Maybe it would have been better if he died with Tony; maybe they should have died together; maybe Steve wasn’t supposed to live without him.
He hits the door with the side of his body, again and again, all of that quarterback strength pushing at the door. There’s a sound of terrible, hoarse laughter, sobbing, before a window breaks.
“Ask me out to dinner, and I might say yes.”
James flinches deeply, the pain writing itself across his face rapidly.
Tony wanders through the tents.
“No, no, you’re…” Tony pinches the bridge of his nose, his gut roiling. “You’re completely fine. I just…” his throat flexes. “Thank you for… for telling me about this, for showing me this. Can I, uh, can I take this with me, or-or make a copy or something?”
?” Steve stumbles over his words, the red clear in his face now, spreading into his throat. “I don’t want… it’s not that I don’t want, it’s just that I want
The words catch up in Toni’s throat, line the inside like acid, and she wrestles for the right words. “I did love your daddy,” she murmurs.
He finishes his sentence, abruptly, lets the words hang out there in the air, and pulls his lip in between his teeth.
Steve’s face changes, looking as though he’s missing his skin. “Do you know how I met him, Sam, I mean?”
“Yeah,
“You promise?” Maushmi asks, dubiously, as if Tony was the sort of parent to miss things like this.
mentioned it to her. And then, as I’m reeling from this gorgeous redhead and the way she’s
“You don’t have to thank me,” Wanda huffs. “They are just children. What sort of human being would I have been if I allowed them to get hurt? And those men, the ones that broke into my house and took the kids and hit me, they’re dead, right?”
Tony purses his lips thin. “At least show me the decency of being honest with me,” he says, the air tight in his chest. “You expect me to believe that whole
Tony rolls his hips in slow circles, trying to entice James back into something more, and James tightens his fingers around his sharp hip bones, suddenly pulling Tony onto his cock, practically skewering him, firm and hard, the stretching burning from between his legs up into his throat and eyes.
He reaches down and picks her up, settling her on his hip, and he turns around to carry her towards their bedroom, knowing that Maushmi won’t let up until she sees him make nice with Steve right in front of him, when he hears another small voice.
“If that’s what you want me to do,” Tony says, demurely, staring up at him through the dip of his long, thick lashes.
The sex stops, just like that.
He swings the machete again and slices open Obadiah’s throat, from ear to ear, and the blood gushes out in rivers all over his front.
“Tony, that’s completely-” Steve begins to protest.
“Damn,” Steve sighs. “Okay, how about Nat? She doesn’t have anything on. I could ask if she doesn’t mind sticking around, helping you out.”
“What do you–I mean, are you
He can be that omega, the bold one, the reckless one, the one that sheds tradition and convention, the one that defies the disdain of society.
.” His lips part. “She was scared.”
“Hey, punk.”
“Oh, please, you have accused me plenty,” Tony tells him.
He hears a woman’s soft purr on the other side, and he feels that dreadful pang in his chest, because that is Natasha Romanoff’s voice, saying, “you need to get here as soon as possible, Steve.”
He screams into the water, the blood roaring in his ears. It goes in his eyes and ears and nose and mouth and into his hair and spills down his neck and front and he can’t
“Yet you want me to have dinner with your whole family,” James says, dryly.
Steve’s brow furrows. “That’s possible?” he says, carefully.
Tony slips the photo out of the sleeve, turning it around, to see Sarah’s writing, neat block letters in black ink.
“Really?” Tony’s face scrunches up. “You were a virgin.”
Abraham curses under his breath in German. “Mr. Stark, kill the reactors!” he shouts.
“You’re right,” Steve replies.
Tony thrusts his hips up, and James rolls down against the man below him, unable to help himself, and Steve follows the exact same rhythm, as he brushes James’ hair away from his face, whispering filth in a dark, Brooklyn accent that Tony doesn’t seem to catch as the sweat pools on his breastbone, stretched full and taut around James’ dick.
Tony hesitates for a long, quiet moment, before squeezing Steve’s shoulder, the touch electric between them. Abraham helps Steve into the device, positioning him correctly before strapping him in.
“Well?” James says, expectantly, when Tony re-enters the lounge.
That was one of the two nails in their coffin, they both quickly realise, the lies, the misunderstandings.
“Let’s play like we used to play,” Obadiah drawls, with a certain, lascivious edge to his voice that makes his insides curdle.
“Azzano, I want to see the casualty list,” Steve demands.
“I appreciate that,” he says, quietly.
He only had two friends, Bucky and Sam, and they were his world; he’d do anything for them, still would.
“And you know this how?” Steve asks, savagely.
Tony squeezes him. “Thank you, thank you.”
“Ah, the man is nefarious. I hope for your sake that he has not yet acquired it.”
“Yes, things will be better now,” Tony says, dazed.
He fishes out the antiseptic from the first aid kit, liberally applying to the wounds, each wince from James like a nail in heart muscle, but he goes on.
That pains Steve, judging by the way that his face becomes taut, stretches around the bones and cartilage of his face like it’s painful.
on me or the comment that you made about husband.”
“She… she was practically screaming into the phone; she was so upset, and she told me that there were men in the house, that they wanted the kids. She was so upset, she was crying,” Tony recalls in a flat, gravelly voice, and when he looks at Sam, he has tears in his eyes, the muscle in his jaw jumping, like it’s physically hurting to hear this. “And then, there was a scream, and the phone went dead, and I ran, I ran like hell to the car, broke a bunch of traffic laws, and when we got there, Steve, James and me, she was on the floor, she was bleeding, and the kids were nowhere to be found. We called the ambulance, and then, we called you, and I’m sorry, I know we should have stayed and it killed me to leave her, it really did. It really fucking did, but-”
“Tony, she’s my friend,” he says, softly.
He balances himself on his hand, before rolling it onto his cock, shuddering a little at the sensation. He bites his lip, fisting his cock, the head aimed at Tony’s hole, which is gushing.
Tony nods, taking a deep, shuddering breath. “I’m sure, you go.”
“Do you want to talk about the dream?” Jarvis offers.
Tony pushes on. “Her body bag was in the hall, and I followed it, followed it down into this boiler room, like the ones you have in those old tankers, and I went down there. There were all these pipes, and they were going off, and I… he was there.”
Tony sighs and returns to the twins’ bedroom. “Nowhere. What are you doing up?”
Tony laughs, a reedy, bitter thing that racks his body. “You’re telling me.”
Lord Steven looks dubious. “Very well. I… I will leave you now, Omega Stark, allow you to get some rest.”
Steve watches his body seize from the orgasm, watches it take a hold of Tony and leave him limp and trembling and dependent on Steve for anchorage, and he comes as well on his next thrust, comes hard and spills deep inside Tony, keeping him pinned there, pinned and squeezing Steve’s cock so tight that he loses the air in his lungs.
Tony looks at her, uncertain and almost childlike in the way that he does. “You think I’m overreacting, don’t you?”
the one who decided to go somewhere else when you weren’t getting what you wanted from me. Is it because I’m not experienced enough for you?” he demands.
Although, there is a knock on his chamber door, late at night, once the feast is over and the revelries have spilt into the yard with drunken alphas shouting and fighting and heading towards the brothel for some warm company for the night.
“Tony,” Steve says, softly, kneeling on the bed. “Tony, honey, there is nothing that I want to do with Bucky right now that I don’t want to share with you.”
The terrible thing is that Steve is actually an awful liar, which just makes all of his lies even worse, because not only is he lying through his teeth constantly to Tony, but he actually thinks that Tony is that
“Well, three days ago, I sucked your brains out of your dick, and you’re telling me that you have doubts that blowjobs and fingering and vibrators
Tony breathes a sigh of relief.
“I… I cannot imagine anyone so interested in what happens in our bedroom–”
Tony lifts his eyes, makes his expression as solid and firm as possible. “Because I don’t know how to live without him,” he says, honestly.
Wanda makes a soft noise and pulls her hands away from Tony’s, folding them in her lap.
“They’re getting worse, the dreams,” Tony mutters. “We have to hurry up.”
“On your back.” Steve pauses. “Please.”
“Why wouldn’t I be okay?”
“Nah, I hid in the bathroom,” James says, casually. “I figured you weren’t ready to have that conversation with them yet, considering, you know, we just established things today and we had really good sex, and you were naked under these sheets.”
“Okay, let’s not go with the slut-shaming again,” Tony says, sternly.
“I could make it so relaxing for you.” Tony slides closer to him, dragging his teeth over his pulse point.
The riding adventure doesn’t work out the way that he wants it to, because that night, when Lord Steven comes to bed, he doesn’t touch Tony.
She hangs up and sags back against the couch.
“Pancakes,” Peter declares, resting his chin atop his upturned hand.
“It’s okay,” he says, grudgingly, the blood hot in his face. “I’m just… I’m just going to finish up dinner. Can you… can you get the kids, get them ready to eat?”
Steve cracks a smile. “Wouldn’t that be a sight?”
“Tony,” Steve sounds startled, “Tony, of
Steve stretches out his arms, looking out at the adoring fans, soaking all of it in.
“To be fair, you stole that from Jeff Goldblum,” Steve points out.
“Why?” Tony demands.
. We are
Tony’s relief is instantaneous.
Sam looks away. “What happened to the kids?” he asks, tersely.
Obadiah manages to twist them, so that he’s the one on top of Tony now.
Tony stiffens, as Lord Steven approaches all of them.
Tony flashes him the edge of a smile. “Sorry. Force of habit.” He rocks his hips back. “Keep going,” he cajoles. “Keep fucking me.”
Maybe something would be different in their marriage today if Tony had seen him like this, seen him less like a monument and more like a man.
that?” Maushmi demands, like a dog with a bone.
Steve stands. “You’re just saying this to get out-”
“You’re right, you’re absolutely right.” Tony takes a step forward. “I shouldn’t have said that. I wouldn’t have liked it if you’d said to me that I didn’t know what I was talking about with my own body either, so it was doubly stupid and unfair for me to do the same thing to you. You didn’t deserve that. Of course you know your own limits. Just… just stay with me, okay? Don’t go anywhere.”
There’s also a lot that he could tell James about everything that’s wrong in his marriage, about how lonely he is, about how shitty he feels about himself, how unwanted, unloved, undesirable he feels, about how he’s pretty certain that the reason why Steve and him aren’t having sex anymore is because he’s found someone else to fill those uses in his life, someone that he might actually love, love more than he loves Tony, and Tony’s scared, no, he’s fucking terrified that if he brings it up with Steve, it’ll mean that the illusion will be broken, that Tony will finally have to acknowledge how rotten and fetid his marriage has become, that it might be the match in the powder barrel and Steve will realise as well that this marriage of theirs is a corpse and run to the fucking horizon with Natasha Romanoff, and Tony will have his children, yes, and he’ll love them until they burn his body, but he’ll never open himself to another person ever again, because Steve and even James will have destroyed that part of him so thoroughly and Tony will be left with the undeniable, unassailable fact that he is unloved, that he is not worth staying for.
“He wasn’t a bad assassin,” Tony says, quickly.
Tony nods, pinching the bridge of his nose.
protect you.”
“Yeah, yeah, he did,” Steve replies, and his voice is suddenly thick.
Tony’s hand twitch, and he reaches out, unable to help himself, running his bare fingers over Steve’s muscled abdomen. The muscle is firm, and Steve flexes under Tony’s touch. Tony’s belly clenches in response, and oh, God, there’s slick, he can feel it.
“You didn’t tell me about her because you thought you were doing something wrong, right?” Tony pushes.
“You okay?” Steve asks, worriedly, miles closer to recovering than James and Tony can be right now.
“I did,” Maushmi says, honestly.
,” Tony says, firmly. “I think we have gone much too long without consummating this bonding. People will start to talk–”
“Howard,” Maushmi begins, beseeching.
“That’s exactly what I
James leans back in his chair, a wicked grin pulling at the corners of his mouth. “So, what are you waiting for?” he taunts.
He pulls his fingers out and catches them on the red rim, hooking them gently and stretching him wide, so he can see how Tony gapes and clenches around nothing.
Tony purses his lips thin. “I’m not someone who likes to be ordered around,” he says, carefully, his voice like ice.
“Listen, I’m gonna fall asleep. And if you see me struggle, if you see me fighting against something, you have to wake up. You just have to.”
Tony touches his fingers to James’ cheek, his heart thumping like a jackhammer in a ribcage.
you.”
Coulson lifts an eyebrow. “It’s three in the morning, kid. Your parents know you’re out this late?”
,” Phillips says, derisively. “What
“You mind telling me what's going on?” Steve calls out after him.
Tony’s hands shake. “James, James, you
“Look, I know it’s been frightening. I know your dreams have seemed real.  But... it's okay. Okay?” Dr. Banner adds.
Hodge grunts, and a few of the hands slip from Tony’s body. He sucks in a gulp of cold, thin air and starts fighting again, but Hodge’s backhand snaps across his face, the pain flaring hot.
Warnings for this chapter: graphic rape, depression, suicide ideation, attempted suicide, violence.
Steve had just looked down his nose at the guy – quite literally too, because he was at least a foot taller than him, and said, “It doesn’t look like he’s interested. Maybe you should leave.”
“You’re seriously blaming
Peter’s eyes well up, turn glassy with the threat of overspill. “Is that what’s going to happen to you and Daddy?” he asks, afraid.
In fact, nothing actually happens, and Tony emerges from the far end of the alley unscathed. But instead of coming out into another street, he finds himself outside the police station.
His hands come back clean.
Tony is trembling in earnest now. “Just… get the guards, put me in the dungeons,” he pleads.
Steve leans down and presses his mouth to the dip just above Tony’s collarbone. “I think you’re the most beautiful person that I’ve ever known,” he murmurs.
“So, I heard you even lift a motorcycle over your head,” he says, casually. “I’m sorry I missed it.”
Steve frowns. “I’ve never seen you wear it before,” he points out.
“Wow, thank you for asking my husband to act like my husband,” Tony says, sarcastically.
Tony narrows his eyes at the menu. “I’m good. That’s the one thing I don’t really like about this place. They don’t have many vegetarian options for an appetizer.” He looks up. “But you get what you want.”
you, he wasn’t taking his own advice,” Tony guesses, softly.
He waggles the cereal box at them.
“Wow, Tony, tell me what you really think of me,” Steve says, his brisk and snapping like a bowstring curling on itself.
“Huh, now, that’s an image.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay,” he murmurs. “I’m not mad, baby.”
Tony can’t forgive him for that, can’t forgive him for deciding that Tony wasn’t worth it in the end, wasn’t worth fighting for.
“You didn’t do it on purpose. In hindsight, I suppose, I wish I’d probed further on what we were talking about earlier, but I don’t blame you.” Her voice hardens. “I blame the people that did this to me and stole the children. They’re okay?”
Tony narrows his eyes. “You said that you didn’t think of me as a child.”
“Why what?”
He tells her about James. He doesn’t leave anything out. He tells him about what happened all those years ago at MIT, how he fell in love with James, what they did together, what Tony helped him with, the night they slept together and the morning where Tony woke up alone. He tells her about James showing up at his house one morning; he tells her about going to James’ apartment, the conversation they had, how James had explained everything, asked for his help, confessed his continued feelings for Tony, how he couldn’t deny that he still loved James too. He tells her about everything that happened after: the encounters with Steve, the accusations of cheating, that one lust and anger-fuelled night they’d had and everything that happened after, the kids and Wanda and the warehouse with those HYDRA bastards that Tony killed.
He looks like he did the day that they got married, all tall and golden and handsome with that perfect ass and a chest and stomach that Tony could bounce quarters off and a face that looks like something Michelangelo might have constructed.
Steve hadn’t wanted him, and Tony had pushed him; Tony had pushed him, but Steve hadn’t faltered with his conviction, hadn’t forced him into anything, pushed back until Tony was fleeing, which he realises, only after the fact, that he would have, in the end.
“Thank you, thank you for this,” he says, holding up the papers. “I’ll, uh, I’ll fix it.”
When Pepper and Tony look at her, she looks away, as though she has something to hide.
about what she has done, what
The kids end up becoming the greatest obstacle that they have to tackle. They are kids, after all, and when they don’t get what they want from Tony, who has somehow become the strict parent, they go to Steve, and when Steve doesn’t budge, just as stubborn as Tony is, they go to James, believing him to be a soft touch, an easy mark.
Steve is in the lounge room of the penthouse, and the lights are on, cutting across his handsome face in shards, when he rounds on Tony.
“Jogging, right?”
“Jesus,” he hisses, “are you crazy?” he demands.
Tony drapes his arms around Jarvis. “It’s okay, Jarvis. It’s not your fault,” he says, quietly.
“That was understandable. He shouldn’t have done that; does he…” she hesitates, “does he know about your history?”
“Omega Stark,” he murmurs.
Steve sighs and pinches the bridge of his nose, putting the book aside on the bedside table. “Tony, honey, do we really have to do this now?”
Steve laughs, softly, his face slightly pink. “I can imagine.” He bites his lip. “But what about Agent Carter?”
“-and we would have faced them together,” Tony says, earnestly.
Nausea and rage churn through his gut in equal measure. “What the
Steve rolls his eyes. “So, I started calling him
James reaches him first, just as he’s tugging open the driver’s door.
. They have taken up our whole lives; they have… become the entirety of our existences, and that’s okay, because that’s what they’re supposed to do, but it means that Steve and I, as a couple, are in a rut. We’re just fathers, you know? We just have kids. That’s our identity, and that’s not sexy, and we should feel sexy, so maybe the only way that Steve feels sexy is when he’s…”
“Oh, jeez,” he mutters, pushing and kicking at the lid.
“But you didn’t,” he says, quietly.
Steve’s hand cracks down on his ass, leaving a red-hot sting in its wake, and Tony cries out, not having expected the sudden action.
Ahead of him, perhaps twenty-five feet or so, covered with a thick, plastic body bag through which he can barely see her face, is Pepper, standing square in the middle of the street. A dark ooze of blood slides out of its base, and at the top, the zipper rolls down of its own accord, showing the bloated, blue face of Pepper’s dead body. She gestures, almost entreatingly, and there are tears in her eyes.
“Your wife, she’s very smart,” he murmurs.
Peter shakes his head, shyly. “I don’t know the words, Appa.”
in this lovesick, pleading voice, before he’s coming all over Tony’s fingers. His knot swells against Tony’s hand, and Steve chokes again, shaking, producing a sound halfway between a white and a groan. Tony squeezes his cock, before releasing his grip. He lifts his hand to his mouth and tentatively gives the come a little lick. It tastes like salt, thick, heady, not terribly awful, and Steve’s cock twitches again, the knot receding.
“What do you mean?” Sam asks, confused.
“I realised that if I’d ever thought I could love someone, that meant
“Yes, sir.”
, I have hated myself and second-guessed myself and generally wanted to set myself on fire, because of everything.” He drags his hands over his face, his shoulders wired tight. “Every time you ran out of the room to answer a phone call so you wouldn’t have to do it front of me; every time that you ran out of this house for a fucking conference or some paperwork that you absolutely had to finish; that fucking necklace, the way she looked at you and touched you and had the nerve to come here and offer me fucking advice on our marriage, the marriage that I knew was crumbling before my very eyes, it made me
“That’s how I felt this time, when we showed up at Wanda and Sam’s place, and she was on the floor and the kids were gone. Tony was… he was ready to rush everywhere and anywhere and fight everyone to get the kids back. I didn’t want him to go anywhere near them. I was so afraid that he’d get hurt, and he was… he was so insistent on coming with me, and I was scared. I was so fucking scared.”
“Yes, Appa,” they chime in together.
“They’re just simple tests,
better.”
Tony just moans, arching his back, exposing the long, lean line of his throat, as he feels himself rock back against the bed with each thrust of Steve’s hips.
, nothing happened.”
Tony arches an eyebrow. “Late night at the insurance company?” he says, a soft, mocking lilt to his voice.
Tony blows a breath out in frustration before making a move for the cell block.
“Tony.”
If he were braver, he’d leave the bed, find a spare room and make his displeasure known, but Tony has always settled for scraps from those he loves the most. Steve is nothing new where that is concerned.
Tony does as he bids, settling on his hands and knees, waiting as the mattress drips, when Steve puts a knee on top. A big, deft hand strokes him, from the nape of his neck to the base of his spine, before groping at his ass.
Wanda stills for a long, quiet moment, and then, she shakes his head. “Tony… Tony…”
He phrases it like a promise, and he hopes it settles in Steve as easy as it does in himself.
“Please,” Tony says, softly, allowing vulnerability to show in his voice. “We just want to talk to her. We just… we want some closure, okay? This happened to us too.”
Tony blinks. “They’re small. We could put them on our laps,” he offers.
Maushmi stares at him for a moment, stares at him like she’s trying to pick him apart to pieces, see what’s on his inside. Tony doesn’t even know how she learned that, how she knows what to look like, that almost unnerving accuracy that she has that leaves grown men shifting on their feet in discomfort (later, Steve will tell him that she inherited it from him, and James will agree).
you and
Steve is crying now, he realises, his face crumpling so quickly and so painfully.
“We should go. The plane is going to explode in a couple of minutes, and we can’t be here when it does,” Tony tells him, and from somewhere, he gathers the strength to turn onto his side and push himself off the ground, holding a hand for Steve to take.
Steve looks down at his lap, his eyes downcast. “You’re talking about me lying about SHIELD.”
“So, yeah, you’re wondering why I didn’t tell you about how I was feeling, how much it was hurting me, well, I’m a coward. I was the coward that wanted to stay in this marriage, even though my husband is in love with someone else, wants someone else, finds comfort and puts his hands on someone else when he should only be putting his hands on me, because I settle for a pathetic existence, and I was so fucking desperate to keep you here, to
“Yes,
“If something happens to them,” Tony says, quietly, his throat tightening around the words as his chest begins to burn. “If something happens to our children, Steve, if there’s even a hair out of place on their heads when we see them, I swear, above all else, I will kill myself, and I’m not joking. I’m not joking at all.”
Tony shakes his head. “It doesn’t matter.”
Bullets suddenly clang against the outside of the car, whizzing inches over their heads, and Tony peers over the rim of the cart, seeing a man dressed up as a peasant by a fishing boat, white as anyone could ever be, his hands on a machine gun.
Tony can’t take his eyes off Peter, off Maushmi, these two beautiful creations in his arms, and his heart swells with love, making his chest burn and ache.
wants to dance with, the one that holds everyone’s purses and wallets so that better, more attractive people can partner off. They wanted my ma to give up on me, you know?”
The killer stumbles after him, in that clunky, open-legged way of his, like he knows that freaks Tony out even more.
She leads him away to his quarters, one hand around the bloodied metal staff and the other hovering near the small of his back, and Tony falls a little more in love with her in that moment.
He’s panting now, like he can’t quite get enough air into his lungs.
He can’t see Steve, and he looks at Abraham, helplessly.
“Oh, Stevie, of course I feel the same way.”
Tony grins. “To the right. It’s Room 29.”
Two, three thrusts later, Steve is panting against the notches of Tony’s spine, and Tony knows that he’s going to come.
“Why not?” James demands.
The sunlight rushes up to engulf them, blinding them in its glare. The mine car shoots out of the tunnel and roars down towards a little dock at the end of the tracks, and Tony’s stomach flies up into his throat, his eyes burning with tears caused by the sudden flux of heat and sand blurring his vision.
Inside are various pieces of memorabilia, like a shot of Steve’s version of
“It’s okay,” Steve says, noticing his nervousness. “You could never do anything wrong–” His eyes widen. “If that’s what you’re worried about–”
“Hey,” Bucky said, softly, and his fingers prodded against the underside of her chin so that she would look at him. “We love your son.”
Steve growls under his breath. “That’s because you never
Natasha slips out of the house quick as she was ever there.
“After you’d fallen asleep, I was cleaning up, and you were just lying there, and I was standing over you. I was touching your hair; it was so soft,” James muses, his eyes flicking up to look at his hair, “and then, Rhodey was talking. He told me that he knew that I was in love with you, that you were in love with me. He was happy that I hadn’t made a move on you or taken what you were offering like a bunch of other assholes would have, because he thought you were too young-”
“Good boy,” Steve croons.
“That smart, beautiful, kind, funny, fierce, amazin’ woman, who means the world to me, her name is Antonia Stark.”
Jarvis is the last.
“He didn’t… he didn’t just assault me, Steve,” Tony whispers, fisting his hand in Steve’s shirt. “He didn’t just cut me with those knives. He, I think–”
Steve explodes, jumping to his feet. “What the hell do you mean by that?”
“Is that why the kids are with Sam and Wanda?” Steve asks, amused.
James nods.
“You cannot hold yourself to such an impossible standard,” Tony replies. “After all, you did not know what was happening.”
Card Number: 4066
“Are you sure?” he asks in a small voice, and honestly, the sound of it makes her chest hurt.
Toni tries her hardest to flinch, to stop her expression from wavering, and she rakes her fingers through his hair.
. I was only seventeen and I was fucking tired, so I started searching out an assassin that I knew was capable of disembowelling old, white men.”
“Sorry,” Eshe says, apologetically, “but it really is the best comparison. Hypothetically, say, your marriage had failed. You’d gotten divorced, and the two of you were seeing other people.”
“She will,” Toni says, conspiratorially, hooking her arms through Bucky and Steve’s. “She has deadly aim with those shoes.”
“HYDRA’s practically a cult,” Phillips scoffs. “They worship Schmidt, think he’s invincible.”
Tony grimaces. He doesn’t want to admit that he was, he really was.
“No, no, you haven’t.” Lord Steven comes towards him, stopping just short of the edge of the mattress. “I… you are young.”
Tony has the abrupt urge to apologise on his behalf, but he’s more interested in watching this slow-moving car crash happen before his eyes, unable to look away.
There’s an awkward silence in the air following his question, but thankfully, Peggy is a lot bolder than Tony is.
Tony and Steve join their hands together.
“Yeah, it creates a paradox.”
“I’ll keep an eye out for SHIELD and any strange characters that might be lingering around my house.” Tony pauses. “Except for you, I suppose.”
Tony chews on his lower lip and before he even knows what he’s doing, he’s following James to the couch and brushing off a number of papers off the seat so that he could perch on the edge, still eyeing the suspicious dark stain over the cushion towards the back.
Tony pushes it into his hand and watches with nervous excitement as Steve coats his fingers liberally with the lube, before pressing them, thin and long, artist’s fingers, inside Tony, two right off the bat, and adding a third within mere seconds.
The man chuckles, sneering, and shaking his head. “Americans! You’re all alike. Herr Stark, I’ll show you what I’m used to.”
“That’s it,” Steve says, softly, watching him, his gaze even, studious. “That’s it, you beautiful boy, sweet thing.”
Tony’s on his back, and Steve pulls him forward, so that his legs are splayed over Steve’s lap, his ass resting on his thighs, as Steve crosses his legs underneath him. Steve’s hands are huge on the insides of his thighs, as Steve spreads him open to look his fill, his eyes dragging down from Tony’s bitten, swollen lip, to the flush over his chest, his hard cock straining upward towards his stomach, and his hole, still empty and grasping and sloppy with streaks of Steve’s come.
“I was… working as a day labourer. It was easy money, and they paid me under the table. I’m strong, so I was able to use that to my benefit,” James tells him, running his hand through his hair. “Suddenly, there were these guys in my apartment. We fought, but it was a quick fight. I’m… I’m good at what I do, and those guys were just grunts. All but one died.”
Steve should know that he’s unhappy, so that later, when everything blows up and it
, and just because we don’t get along doesn’t mean that I wouldn’t burn the whole fucking world to the ground if it means that you are safe. Do with that what you will.”
“I didn’t do it!” Natasha shrieks from the back of the squad car. “Tony, I swear, I didn’t kill her!”
This family is his, this relationship is his, and the idea that people want to use Steve and James and his kids to prove some stupid point to the world, it makes him sick, which is why he almost brains the reporter that he finds sneaking through the side gardens to get a good picture of the Stark-Rogers-Barnes family in their natural habitat.
Ship/Main Pairing: Tony/Steve
“You’re going to war,” he says, flatly.
In the distance, the airplane lands and rolls towards the men.
“Do you have to go right now?”
, in Steve’s vicinity, which leaves them cowering in fear when Steve absolutely loses his shit and calls them
Tony runs his tongue over the seam of his lips. “He’s having an affair,” he says, woodenly, keeping his voice hushed enough that the kids won’t hear.
Bucky made a derisive noise at the back of his throat. “To be honest, baby doll, we don’t consider that to be a proper marriage.”
“Yeah, honey, they are.”
“Great.” Phillips rounds on him. “Why don’t we start with how a German spy got a ride to my secret installation in
He closes his eyes, before he says that aloud.
“Oh, my God,” he whispers, his eyes fluttering shut.
miserable, forcing us to stay away from each other when it was the last thing either of us wanted, and it was all for
breakable, Tony. Just because I look like this, just because I’m sick as fuck now, does not mean that I am breakable. Do
Steve squares his shoulders like he’s preparing himself to go into battle. “Have you eaten anything?”
to lead him on.
“Do you know what happened the last time that I went for a fucking parent-teacher interview with Miss Lewis? Miss Lewis, you do remember her, right? Our kid’s teacher?”
Tony lifts an eyebrow. “And who said you could jump on my bed, little miss?” he asks, sternly.
my first time,” James muses.
“Yeah, I fucking know.”
Tony squirms, having the sudden urge to roll out of the bed, shield himself from Steve’s discerning gaze with something. “I don’t know what else to think,” he says, defiantly. “One night, I was sleeping with you, and the next day, you were gone, and they told me that you’d left the university. I think that proved whatever I needed to be proved.”
Tony parks in the lot, and all four of them climb out of the convertible, heading towards the entrance of the school.
“How do we find out where this warehouse is?”
The way that Steve is looking at James now, this is Bucky Barnes, the Bucky Barnes that he was before Afghanistan happened.
His lungs are in his throat, and he’s not breathing.
“Tony?” Steve asks, sliding to his feet, approaching with caution. “Tony, what is it?”
Steve’s throat flexes. “I couldn’t let him do that. I couldn’t let him ruin your life for me, so I walked away instead, and you have to believe me; if you’re going to believe anything that I say, I need you to believe the fact that it killed me to walk away. It
Beside him, Steve lets out a noise like a cat dying.
Steve takes it, his palm dry in Tony’s, and it causes his heart to lurch a little in his chest, but then, he tugs, and Steve is climbing to his feet.
“Tony,” Steve says, in a low, rushed voice that does things to Tony’s belly that no other alpha ever has. “How… why, I mean, it’s not that I’m not happy to see you, because I am, I
am the kind of patron that this restaurant caters to.”
Tony closes his eyes and bites his tongue against the urge to punch him in the face. “Steve, I need to know something. Do you have any pictures of Bucky?”
“How do you know that he still wants you?” Steve demands, his voice like an arrow crossing the air and making its target.
. On our wedding night, you promised me that that would only happen between us when I was old enough and when I asked for it. I’m old enough, and I cannot ask for it yet. I might never be able to ask for it,” Tony warns, “but I will never stop talking to you about it. I will never
Maushmi rubs at her eyes with her free hand. “I couldn’t sleep, so I was coming to find you. Can you read me a story?”
Natasha’s mother is more stoic, but her arms are wrapped around her body like she fears that if she lets her arms slip, the contents of her body would fall out onto the ground.
(and not even good
Tony looks up at him, bemused.
. I want you to know that.”
He can’t even breathe without the burn.
“But he…” Tony’s throat flexes, and he props up his tangled hands on top of his stomach. “He loved you,” he says, softly. “He loved you. He thought of you like the son he should have had. Every time we spoke back then, he talked about you and how brilliant you were and how you were going to revolutionize the field of archaeology and how he was so glad that you’d chosen him as a mentor, but, at the same time, of course, you did, because he was so great, and you were so great, and it was like a match made in fucking heaven.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, his tone absent. “Can you, uh, can you keep an eye on the kids?”
“That I ordered the wine for us?”
“You have everything?” he asks. “Lunch, water, pencil case?”
guy, the small guy.” He looks at James too, heavily. “I think the same thing about you.”
“Is that what happened?” Steve asks, patient, soft.
The words come out in a rush.
“Tony, Tony, it’s me,” James says, on the other side, his voice slightly distorted.
“I’m in the bedroom, Steve,” Tony calls out.
The crowd is enraptured.
“He needs to be out there, showing the world what the American fighting man is made of.” Brandt turns to Steve. “Son, do you want to serve your country? On the most important battlefield in this war?”
“Did you fuck him in our bed?”
“I wasn’t. I’m not completely happy now either-”
, Steve.”
James flinches, when Tony’s smile turns sharp at the edges.
Tony looks away. “Yeah.”
James flinches. “I did, but I was also with your Daddy and Appa when they came to get you. I don’t know if you remember me-”
“Steve,” Tony says, slowly, wrapping his tongue around the word. “Steve, I want you, I want to be with you in that way; I want to be your omega in all the ways possible.”
“In the middle of all of that, I got the phone call from Wanda.”
Phillips raises an eyebrow and points to the rank insignia on his collar. “You don’t get to give me orders,
A little, hopeful knot forms in his chest, in his throat.
omega you are supposed to be. You will mind that smart tongue of yours around the alphas and any other officers. You will not behave yourself in a way that would bring shame to this family, to your bearer and I, and if I have even the slightest inkling that you are acting in an improper manner or there is something untoward going on, I will drag you right back here by your hair, do you understand me?”
“I guess we’ll have to find out,” James replies, easily.
you feel for me?” he asks, quietly, dragging his hand over his hair, self-consciously. “I mean, I love you, I’ve loved you my entire life, and I was going to tell you when… when you came home from Afghanistan, and then, you didn’t, and I thought… maybe, just
“Did you make yourself pretty for me, Tony?” he asks, his voice like silk, as he undresses himself and climbs onto the bed. “It has been so long since we have been able to do this. That bitch Natasha hasn’t left you alone at all; in fact, if I didn’t know any better, I would think there was something untoward happening between you two.”
“And you understand that there is nothing I love more in this world than my children, not even the two of you,” Tony says, with a certain melancholic edge to his voice.
And then, he looks up, looks over Steve’s head, the crown of gold glinting in the sharp shard of sunlight shining down on both of them, and Pepper’s there, alive as she ever was, her red hair like fire, and she’s smiling, bright, wide, toothy.
Tony’s mouth is dry as sawdust. “Yes, sir,” he says, his voice rough.
. I saw the way that you looked at her and the way she looked at you in that fucking restaurant. I saw the way that she touched you, fucking
“So, you want to tell me what’s going on?” she asks, curiously.
He doubts he could, even if he wanted to – there is too much water and it’s
Tony’s smile is as thin as a blade. “It was the same one,” he explains, carefully, his voice sharp like flinders. “It was the same chain that he bought me for my birthday, suited for a woman, of course, but the same chain.”
“That’s just a part of the reason why you love me,” Toni teases, curling up to him.
“I have dim sum, a lot of noodles, General Tso’s Vegetarian Chicken, Kung Pao Vegetarian Chicken, and mango pudding for dessert,” Natasha says.
Maushmi nods to herself. “And you’re going to stay too?” she asks James, haltingly. “You’re going to be our
Steve pinches at his thigh. “You know what you’re supposed to call me,” he says, sternly.
Steve rams into James hard, chuckling when James gasps and struggles to breath, clawing forward and finally digging his hands into Tony’s hips, the insides of his thighs, as he spreads him wide open to fit against him, as he’s fucked hard and thoroughly and all he can do is lie there and take it.
Tony looks at him thoughtfully, and then, takes a drink. “You really have money?” he asks, casually. “You don’t look rich. You look like you always have.”
person to fuck,” he mocks.
dealing with it, and how I was throwing all of my guilt onto Sam as a convenient target. We also talked about how Sam felt guilty too, felt guilty that he had taken me away from Pietro, that he’d had some role in keeping the two of us apart, which might have led to his death, which is why he was so keen to let me get angry at him, which is why he didn’t fight me when I got so angry at him. We… slowly but surely, we managed to heal.”
Tony wants to rage at that, rage at the idea that Steve doesn’t know who he is just because he wasn’t at home one day when Steve expected him to be, which is total bullshit because he’s still the same person, he still has the same fucking integrity,
This is what he’s been reduced to.
He rubs his hands over his eyes.
“Because you may not have realised this, but I have
Steve shrugs. “I don’t know; I guess I thought you two would not… fight as much.”
“I don’t know,” Steve muses, his voice soft but rough around the edges. “I like seeing your face when I fuck you, but if we’re playing a rentboy fantasy, well, fucking you from behind would be the most appropriate.”
The wind is roaring in his face, and his hands feel alarmingly sweaty, as they grip onto the edge of the window, a part of him thinking and believing that he’s about to let go and tumble to the ground and crack his skull on the pavement.
“Hey!”
Tony glares at her.
Natasha climbs off Tony, looking at him with terrible sadness, before she runs like hell.
“Come,” Obadiah says, coldly, his hand landing on Tony’s shoulder.
Steve’s hand surrounds Tony, sending something vivid, like shock, up his spinal cord, and then he’s being dragged away, dragged out of the bar, which is what leads Tony to watch as his bar burns down right in front of his eyes.
“I can live without the adrenaline rush,” Tony says, sternly, pulling away to look him in the eye. “I
So, he keeps his mouth shut.
There’s a fire eating him up, starting in his belly before surging up into his throat.
His fingers hook in his underwear, ready to drag it down his thighs.
Tony scowls. “Not that I owe you any fucking explanation about my marriage or whether it’s going to be a successful outcome in the end, but people like
“Are you sure?” Lord Steven says, softly.
And he loves Steve, loves him more than he loves anything in this world, except for those two darling children of theirs, and he knows that, even with Steve’s ‘long hours’, Steve loves him and loves their children, because Steve, at the heart of hearts, even if he is having an affair with the redhead that he buys the same jewellery that he buys his husband for, doesn’t just stop loving someone.
Warnings for this Chapter: Civil War Discourse
“Believe me, I’ve got time.” Steve swallows hard like he’s biting back the rage. “You left me.”
“Let me go,
“What’s going on?” he asks, lightly, leaning against the doorframe, a hint of steel to his voice.
“Fuck,” Steve says, resoundingly, sinking back onto the mattress.
Steve chews on his lower lip. “And that’s what you want me to do?” he clarifies. “Make use of what you’re wearing?”
He shakes his head and pulls back his side of the sheet, Steve’s side neat, as if he’d never slept in that bed in the first place. He pads out into the corridor, wearing just a pair of sweatpants and a dark shirt that has ARMY blazoned across the back, one of Steve’s that he’d stolen from the wash at some point (not that Steve had ever protested; so many times he’d fucked Tony stupid just on the sight of seeing him wearing Steve’s clothes).
“Peter,” Tony sighs.
“Oh, my God,” Tony says, breathlessly.
“I don’t know! Maybe because–”
“I just… I didn’t mean it like that,” James sighs. “I meant it like… I didn’t want to hurt you, okay. I know people have hurt you, I know people have used you and abused you, and I wanted to be different. I wanted to be… oh, I don’t fucking know anymore,” he growls, tense in his shoulders.
Instead, they’re in love with each other, and he gets a neat little knife in his ribs for all of his trouble.
“Steve,” Tony says, his heart thundering in his ribcage.
“There!” Steve says, suddenly, spotting something, looking at the pillars around the room.
“Both, I believe.” Natasha pauses. “Can you blame him?”
Tony and Steve hunker down in their car, watching as a sedan pulls up in front of Stark Manor. Sarah pulls out, followed by Melina, and then, another car drives up, containing Virgil and Patricia.
the same kind of necklace, can you?” He laughs, harsh and grating. “Yeah, and I’m the one who watches too many movies.”
“That’s not enough for me,” Steve says, voice sharp around the edges. “That’s sure as hell not enough for Toni, because you’ve done that before, fucked off to Europe, and Toni
“He’s tiny,” Steve mutters under his breath.
Coulson’s lips thin. “You’re lucky it’s me you’re mouthing off to, kid, and not some other cop that might be tempted to bust your lip for that.” He pauses. “You should go home. You don’t look like you’ve gotten any sleep.”
“Tony, at seventeen, you’d already accomplished more than what most people accomplish in their entire lives,” James tells him, softly. “At seventeen, you had more bachelors’ and masters’ degrees than anyone. You had
First, he strips himself of his clothes in front of the mirror, staring at his body.
Bhim gestures to follow, and all three run off stealthily through the mostly deserted camp.
“No, don’t!”
“Dinner with your
“Did you have to do something with the bad men that took us from Aunt Wanda’s house?” Maushmi cuts off him, her voice curious without a hint of guile.
Tony, on the other hand, stands up in the back of the jeep and whistles loud and long before devolving into applause, until Agent Carter is swinging around, catching his eyes and giving him a wink that sends butterflies rushing into his stomach.
Tony nods. “We have a ship. A friend of mine operates one off the coast.” He hesitates. “Bhim has to get back to Maya and Pavitr. He can’t stay with us.”
Major Tags: Raiders of the Lost Ark AU, Violence, Nazis.
His tongue traces the line of his collarbone, before he kisses his way down Tony’s sternum, where his heart is beating a fantastical rhythm. His nose presses into the slight curve to Tony’s belly, and suddenly, Tony is shy, wanting to cover himself.
“Explain why it won’t work.”
you love someone that you can feel those things.”
“Hey, you’re alone the whole time when the kids are off at school; the only one who can possibly verify your story is JARVIS.”
universe, there were no misunderstandings, no brainwashing, no amnesia, no HYDRA, no secrets, and Steve and Bucky work for SHIELD, and Tony runs Stark Industries, and they have two kids together, Peter and Maushmi, and they’re a family, a good, happy family, and they live happily ever after, like the ending to a Disney movie.
“You’re not coming with us,” Steve says, firmly.
“I don’t think you’re a dancing monkey.” Tony shrugs. “I think you’re making the best out of a bad situation. That’s all anyone can ever do.”
“Your children have only ever seen the two of you,” Eshe points out. “As far as they’re concerned, their parents are in a monogamous, happy relationship each other. The closest… I suppose, comparison to this sort of arrangement that you’re suggesting with James Barnes, is well, imagine if you’d gotten divorced.”
to talk about them. Or they fester. Think of them like a wound. Your secrets, as long as you keep them to yourself, they remain unbandaged, untreated, all over your body. Time passes, and bacteria infects them; these are the lies you have to tell to cover up the lies underneath, until they fester, and then, you’re in the hospital because the infection has spread to your brain. That’s the end of your relationship. Now, the two of you, quite honestly, waited until the last possible moment to tell each other what was going on in your lives.”
“I hope he made you come,” Steve finally says.
happened.”
He places his claws on Tony’s belly, ready to punch them through his body, and then, Tony snaps awake back in the driver’s seat of his car, catching his breath.
Cold, gaping dread opens up in the pit of his stomach.
He slides to his feet, sauntering over to their table, making sure to keep an extra swing to his steps that he knows all of the alphas track with their eyes. Just like he’d thought, the alpha recruits at Hodge’s table don’t take their eyes off him, including Hodge, which is why he’s able to smile and sidle up to him, hip pressed against the table, as he tilts to the side, giving him a coquettish look up through his lashes.
“Okay, then, in the car, you go.”
Tony tightens his robe around his shoulders, as Steve murmurs something soothing to his horse, before approaching him.
“Yeah, well, you’re not gonna get it,” Steve sighs. “Remember the game we’re playing? I’m just gonna grab my phone so I can take a picture. Stay just like that, don’t move.”
Steve grips him, his arms surrounding him like an uncompromising hold, and then, Tony is being flattened against one of the corners of the cart, Steve shielding him like an indomitable wall of muscle, trying to avoid contact with the bouncing chest.
And then, finally, Toni decides to bite the bullet and talk to him.
,” Maushmi says, gently. “We’ll both be right here.”
“Don’t change the subject.”
“You fucked me the way you fucked me because you wanted revenge,” Tony says, bluntly.
very uncomfortable. And she kissed me. It lasted a minute, just enough for the bad guy to turn his head so he wouldn’t see us, and then, it stopped. That’s it. That’s all that’s ever happened between Natasha and me, Tony.
“Do you mind… do you mind if I ask what happened?”
“Ha, funny. Funny guy. When did you, colossal buzzkill, become funny?”
“I’ll bet you do,” Tony cajoles. “I’ve sung it plenty of times. Why don’t you give it a go? And if you don’t know the words, it’s okay, I’ll keep singing.”
Steve lifts an eyebrow. “Because I don’t want you to pay?” he says, unsure.
Steve smiles at him, the line of his mouth trembling somewhat at the edges. “Oh, you know, a little nervous. Got the jitters, I guess.”
“I’m not angry at you,” he says, patiently, fearlessly.
Tony reacts.
“When… uh, when I met James that first time in his apartment, he asked me to run away with him,” Tony says, shifting in his seat uncomfortably.
“You should sleep,” Steve says, his voice gentler.
“I am so happy,” she says, her voice thick, barely biting back the sob that rises in her throat. “because I have you, and I have Steve and Bucky, and I have Uncle Rhodey and Aunt Pepper and Uncle Bruce, and I have all of these amazing friends. I am so happy, Peter. You don’t need to worry about my happiness.”
Steve takes it in with a stoic face, but when Thor leaves the penthouse, Tony waits for it, waits for the grief to come. It starts off slow, with Steve’s hands, poised on his thighs, clenching and unclenching around nothing. The tension then spills into his shoulder, as his body curves inward, as though protecting himself from the onslaught of emotions that he must be feeling.
you. I’ve seen it. I see it, I
And there’s this sudden, awful silence on the other side.
She passes out papers and clipboards to each of the recruits.
kids are hard, and the work you do for them can get mind-numbing, and sometimes, people just get into a rut; they need to shake things up, and that’s okay. That’s completely okay.” He pauses. “I mean, most people, you know, go back to their office job or start Zumba or something, and don’t get involved with assassin and one-man rebellions against terrorist organisations, but each to their own.”
Wanda nods. “I hated it at the beginning. I hated having to talk about my feelings; I’m not that sort of person, honestly. I don’t… I don’t throw up all my feelings everywhere, and now, I process my emotions in a healthy way, I suppose. But the first few months were
real, and this is everything to me, Steve. This is everything to me.”
“Of course, of course,” Tony says, quickly, taking their hands and leading them to the kitchen.
“I think so,” Tony says, confidently.
kill them for you one day,” Steve promises, aiming a hard kiss to the side of James’ head.
So, Toni had said yes.
“And when I go on a mission, I look at that video, and I get myself off in the jet’s bathroom.” Steve chuckles. “Believe me when I say that you turn me on.”
“You want to know how I know that? You really want to know? It’s because James still wants me,” he says, his grin sharp, a lethal thing, designed to hurt Steve right where his soft, sore spots are.
in my life right now, not when she made me think-” He shakes his head. “She made me think you were sleeping with someone else,” he whispers, “and I know that it’s not fair to blame her, but I can’t help but associate her with everything that’s gone wrong all these months, and to hear you defending her, scolding
And then, Maushmi is calling out for him, and so, he wipes his damp eyes, plasters a smile thin as a blade on his face, and makes his way over to their bedroom.
terrorist. I knew that it meant that I might have to shun my parents, leave my friends, run away, leave everything I knew, and I
“If you had come to me today, and you’d told me the truth, that you’d made me out as a mark that night in the bar in Cambridge, and you were using me this whole time to get your hands on SHIELD and what they know, to protect the Winter Soldier, to destroy us from the inside-out, I would have let you go,” Steve says, honestly. “I wouldn’t have done what SHIELD would have wanted me to do in that situation.”
After the train has disappeared off into the tunnel, Tony crosses the cavern, sticking to the walls, peering around to see if there are any German soldiers in the vicinity. He makes his way up the tunnel.
“Yeah, I can easily imagine why. Are you, uh, an insurance agent too or-?”
“Who?” Steve asks, approaching the three of them.
His hands slide down from James’ hair, over his strong jaw, where the stubble is shallowly growing, down his neck and over the line of his shoulders. His hands still when they reach the raw, ragged muscle where his metal arm meets his shoulder and ribcage, but he doesn’t stop his exploration. In fact, his hands get curiouser, and he smooths them down his chest, over all of that hard, ridged muscle, and his abdomen, before reaching between his legs and grasps his cock in his slim, dark hand.
Steve wheezes a little, groggily looking down at him. “Taller,” he wheezes.
The twins cheer.
“Steve,” he gasps.
James shrugs. “Nothing, really. Just flashes,” his jaw clenches hard, as a shadow passes behind his eyes. “I just assumed that I was always with them.”
“Lord Steven, this is not the way things are done–” Pepper begins, her voice stern.
“A whole and separate menu for vegetarians and vegans,” Steve reassures.
“But you love them!”
“Considering that you’re willing to throw your body over mine to protect me, I feel like I need to reward you,” he says, smoothly.
“I slept after having great sex and didn’t get up to go and pick up my kids; that is the
There’s a rush of blood in his ears, and the half-formed thoughts in his head finally solidify, and
Full whiskey bottles explode like Molotov cocktails. Rolling on the floor, Steve and the Giant Nazi are fighting for control of Indy’s gun. The head of the group sees this and shouts to another one of his companions, who is rising from cover with the submachine gun in hand.
“Without
There’s a pop and a hiss, and then, the engine explodes.
Written for the "hogtied" square of the STB Bingo - Round 1.
“And Pepper? Did we ever get together with her family for anything?”
“The kids,” Tony says.
jokes – like yesterday, not to mention all those purchase orders for the exoskeletons, and the contracts for the trial of the leg braces, and she’s going to scream at me.”
He pretends like his hands aren’t shaking.
The grief splits Steve’s face wide open, and he nods, his jaw going taut. “I’ll talk to him, when it’s done, when we have the kids back, and Wanda’s in the hospital. I’ll sort it out.”
“Like I could not be,” Steve says, long-sufferingly, and then, he throws Tony over his shoulder, heading towards the bathroom.
“It’s because I love you.”
Steve clutches at him, clutches at him so hard that Tony thinks that the next morning, if they live to the next morning, he’ll have bruises on his hips and his back, a mottled canvas of purple and blue, in the shape of Steve’s big hands.
“And if he’s not?”
“What did oatmeal ever do to you?”
Tony wakes up, screaming, thrashing, which results in Steve also lurching away. Tony’s pressed up against the headboard, using the pillow like a shield in front of him, just as he was in his dream before he was violently awakened.
Natasha nods, quickly. “You’re right. It is.”
There’s a reason why he was brought here, he knows it; so, he finds himself moving across the lawns to the police, creeping up to the first window with a light on that he can see. It’s a low, barred basement window, and it just so happens that it’s Natasha’s cell.
“Do you not want me to film you?” Steve asks, worriedly. “I won’t if you don’t want me to, and I’ll delete it as soon as we’re done.”
“You don’t know she did it,” Steve points out.
Tony watches from the back of a jeep, resting his chin on upturned palms, as an alpha female in a British Army uniform strides up to a line of eleven recruits in khakis.
“And the Italian?”
“How do you want to do this? What positions do you want? Who’s on top and who’s on bottom? By the way, I call dibs on being the ultimate bottom, just because I’ve had both of your cocks, and they get me in all the right places, and while I don’t have an issue with topping either of you big, strong men, I think I’d like to get plowed into the mattress,” Tony says, honestly.
“Just get me as close as you can,” Steve replies. He hesitates. “You know, you’re both going to be in a lot of trouble when you land.”
Tony stares at the display, and it shows
He licks his lips when he hears Steve’s hand curl around his cock, stroking himself to full hardness.
“I never said you did!” Steve insists.
you lied about, because you lied to me today about where you were going? Did you go to him? Was it a fucking booty call? Did you leave me and our kids in that café so that you could fuck some
Tony nods.
Steve nods, worrying his teeth on his lower lip.
“Good, that’s my girl. Now, grab your stuff.”
Eshe asks about James.
that.”
Tony nods. “Yes, yes, you choose,” he pants, when Steve twists his fingers inside Tony, crooking them to rub against his prostate.
“Because I want to go out to dinner. Do you know how long it’s been since we went out to dinner?” Tony asks, bluntly.
He tracks up the footpath, noting each of the cameras that he sees hidden by underbrush and the tree line. Tony rushes back to the car, climbs inside, and flicks open his phone, and he finds the camera feeds in the council servers. He watches, with his lungs in his throat, as two men storm out of Sam and Wanda’s house, carrying small bundles underneath his arms, the grainy footage just showing enough that he can recognise Peter’s sneakers.
Tony leans back in his chair and lets the edge of his foot climb up the inside of Steve’s leg. “Well, it’s working,” he says, a little breathless.
Tony draws back from the window, sharply, swallowing in fear, which is bright and sharp in his chest. He looks behind him for help.
He might have fallen out of love with Tony, but that doesn’t he doesn’t love him anymore.
“There is one way,” he says, his voice light.
, have you?”
She kneels in front of him, her hand hovering in the air, like she wants to place it on his knee.
of us, and I am shifting out of my
The man is smiling.
“I haven’t,” Tony says, hurriedly.
Steve flinches, but he recovers slightly.
A nurse applies sensors to his head, chest, arms, and fingers. He’s lying on a simple broad cot, in his pyjamas. A large mirror set into one wall hides an observation room beyond.
Steve nods, still unable to draw words from his tongue, his face wan and bloodless.
“Mr Stark?”
“Is there any particular reason why an insurance claims agent comes home at midnight every night, Steve?” Tony replies, in the exact same militaristic tone, his eyes sending glances of
He licks his lips, an action which Steve’s eyes, darkened, track.
“How?” James demands. “He’s never there.”
“I don’t… I don’t understand,” he says, his voice shaking.
Tony clutches at him. “It’s good, good, don’t stop,” he orders, digging his nails into Steve’s back.
Steve’s hand slides further, where he’s already slick, and he thrusts, thrusts until Tony’s sopping. He pushes Tony’s slacks and underwear down, around his thighs and knees, so that he can push his hips against Tony’s.
“That’s not how you made me feel,” Tony says, savagely. “That’s how you made me feel every time you rejected me, every time you turned your back on me, every time you made me use my vibrator instead of fucking me yourself. You
“You really fucking did, you
“What does maturity have to do with oatmeal?” James asks, his voice sliding high, edging into a hysterical tone.
Wanda’s face doesn’t show the judgment she must have been feeling.
There’s no answer, but a slight rustle in the bushes.
“Her name’s Natasha. I’ve met her a couple of times. She’s the receptionist at the insurance company,” Tony explains. “She’s beautiful,” he feels the need to say, “she has red hair, brighter than yours, and she’s… she’s very pretty,” he finishes, lamely.
“There’s a, uh, there’s a little chest, in my closet, under my blazers, at the back. You can’t miss it, it’s a leather one. My-”
talk about them. That’s… that’s not true. I, if you want to talk about them, I’ll listen.”
“That’s… that’s not…” Steve trails off and collapses onto the couch, breathing hard, breathing like it’s paining him.
A twist of the vibrator inside him makes him cry out, high and needy.
“I love Chinese food,” Maushmi sighs, happily. “Could we have this ever night?”
Peter squeals. “Amma, can you see me? I’m like a superhero.”
Steve nods, face shining with hope.
The path between Tony and the center of the room is overrun. The circle of flame around Tony is dying down, and his throat flexes, panic flooding his chest and his mouth, tasting like bile, staring beyond the circle of dying flames and then up through the increasing smoke where Steve is still climbing, now near the top of the pillar.
“If we just?” Tony prods.
. It’s not completely sorted, I know, and I think… I think we need counselling.”
Tony jerks around with panicked eyes, expecting the killer to leap out from any direction, but there's only the sea of staring eyes. His hands are shaking, as he crouches and picks up his books.
Any person who peered through the window would think he had the perfect life. Of course, they would have to peel back the curtains to see the rot that was lingering underneath.
“Do you think Daddy would be angry at me for wanting to call Steve and Bucky Daddy?” Peter wonders out loud, looking up at Toni with those guileless, liquid-dark eyes.
“God, look at you,” Steve rasps, dragging his eyes from his hairline down to his toes, centring on the way that his cock curves against his belly, flushed and weeping, all lean, dark muscle and gleaming skin.
“Yeah, something’s slippery over here.” Tony pats his hand around. “Pep? Pep, you okay?”
“O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.”
“Tony!”
“I promise!”
“You thought that by telling him about the neglect that he was causing you or the awful things that you felt about yourself and about your marriage and about him or your suspicions regarding his relationship with a colleague, it would… push him over the edge and he would leave you. Is that correct?”
“I do.” Steve nods his head, vehemently. “I swear it, Tony. I swear. Do you promise-”
James folds his arms over his chest. “Isn’t he doing the same to you?” he asks, coldly. “Isn’t he lying constantly about what he’s doing, about who he’s with? He doesn’t have a right to judge you.”
“Did not!”
Steve opens his mouth to say something, but Tony’s too caught in his train of thought to give him an inch.
Tony shrugs, the lies coming to him easily. “I’ve had it in my closet for a while; I just decided to try it on today.”
Tony lifts his head from his tablet. “What?” he snaps.
For example, tonight, Tony had booked in to meet Peter and Maushmi’s kindergarten teachers at 3:45, and he very much doubted that Steve was going to join him.
Tony laughs (it’s the first time he’s laughed since Pepper died). “I think you’re so cute.”
“He told me that he would disown you, that he would remove any and all support that he was giving you, that he would spread lies about you to make sure that no one would hire you, no one would take you seriously, all the same things that he’d do to me, but he’d actually have the audacity to do it to his own
“How was that? Everything that you remember, everything that you wanted?”
In the office, there’s the quick sound of a child’s laughter, but it’s nothing more than an echo.
“Well, uh, he’d sleep with us, in our room,” Tony replies, cautiously.
But he doesn’t.
Steve looks at him, carefully observing him, with a somewhat clinical stare, dissecting him and his explanation, and Tony shifts on his feet in discomfort, certain that his face betrays the truth.
A frown tugs at the corners of Steve’s mouth. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I had that software we were using back in Cambridge, and as soon as I came back stateside, I tracked the guy down, found him in some hotel room off the freeway, and I bugged his place. He’s not going anywhere, doing anything, without me knowing what he’s doing. Trust me on that. I’d never have come to you after the shit hit the fan, Tony. We have time. I’m just warning you.”
Steve feels like shit now, feels like a total failure, and it must be a thousand times worse because Tony knows now that he’s a SHIELD agent and for him, his civilian (more or less) husband got there first, and it wasn’t about skill or appropriateness or even resources, it was just the fact that Tony was fucking
“Did she know?” Tony asks, his voice hushed.
“Yeah, are you sleeping with my best friend?” Steve asks, dully.
“Oh, fuck,” Sam murmurs.
“What?” Steve clears his throat. “You want me to come to your chambers?”
Steve flinches.
“They shouldn’t be able to get away with it,” Steve insists.
“I love you,” Tony blurts out when Steve gets off him and drags him to his feet. “I love you. I don’t… I don’t want to die here making you think I hate you, because I don’t. I love you.”
“We’re in a rut,” he says, strongly. “We’re… we’re struggling right now, and this is… this is just how Steve is dealing with it. It’s hard, okay. It’s hard. We have two kids, and we’re not… we’re still young, and we’re still newlyweds, but now we have two kids, who need us for everything, and I love them, I love Peter and Maushmi like I love nothing else in this world, and I would burn cities to the ground to keep them safe and happy, but they are
It all comes to a head, when one day, he walks into the library and is greeted with Grant bending some serving boy over one of the tables.
“Steve,” Tony says, gently, placing a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Tony looks in the direction that he’s pointing in, and arrayed in a rough semicircle around the ship are ten German Wolf Submarines. All of their deck guns are manned and trained on their ship. Worse, at least five heavily armed boarding parties in rafts are closing quickly on the ship.
Tony shakes his head. “No, I have to go to school, Amma. Otherwise I'll just sit up there and go crazy or something.”
Tony sighs. “That was just Pepper. It looks like there’s been a serious miscalculation with one of the orders, like in the realm of millions of dollars. I need to go down to SI and sort things out.”
“The things that they are saying about your brother.”
“Wait, wait,” Steve soothes, grabbing onto his hand. “Even if you could pull this off, and I ambush him when he shows up... you have to go to sleep to make this work.”
), before he’s rubbing his hands over his eyes and handing over the two pieces of paper to James, who’s staring at both Tony and Steve like they’ve gone mad.
The heat is scorching in his belly, and his fingers and toes are trembling.
Tony purses his lips. “And now, two of our best friends are dead,” he says, quietly.
“They are in the kitchen with Master Steve, sir,” JARVIS says, slowly, as he can’t understand the panicked edge to his voice.
“Where did you go after you left the café today, Tony?” he asks, his voice measured and calculated.
the long-suffering husband.
“Take this,” Steve says, urgently, and from his neck, he pulls his chain, the shield pendant glinting in whatever light there is in this dysfunctional boiler room.
Tony leans over the edge of the bed and kisses Steve on the mouth. “My dad’s here. I have to go home,” he says, reluctantly.
“But you don’t know her,” he says, reasonably, leaning forward. “You don’t know her, Stone.
He closes the door to their bedroom behind him, once he enters, and turns to face Steve, his back pressed against it. His throat flexes around the lump that forms in his throat as he considers Steve.
“He does, when I’m making the same mistakes, committing the same sins that he is. I can’t stand on my fucking pedestal if I’m doing the same things that he is,” Tony snaps, like a building crumbling. “I just can’t do that. I love him, James, I really fucking love him, despite everything that he’s done to me. I don’t know how to stop loving him. And my kids… my kids asked me today whether I was getting a divorce, and I don’t know what to do with that, okay? I didn’t know how to answer them, what to say, and I… owe it to them at least to have an honest conversation with Steve, to air out all of these things.”
“Yes,” James groans.
It’s not the same, though, and Tony or Steve won’t delude themselves into thinking it is; it’s change, a total, uncompromising shift to their lives, and it takes time, takes time to readjust all of those spaces so they fit again.
Toni rubs at her damp eyes. “I think they love you, baby. Actually,” she inhales, audibly, “there’s something else that I wanted to talk to you about.”
Steve’s brow furrows, and his mouth forms the words
It’s painful and somehow cathartic, despite the fifty-thousandth time that he’s told this story to somehow. He starts with the first moment where he started to feel that his marriage was crumbling, that he was starting to feel unloved and unwanted and neglected. He tells her about the kids, the parent-teacher interview, the pictures they’d drawn. He tells her about Natasha Romanoff, the necklace, when she came to the house, the way she’d touched him at the restaurant, the secret phone calls, all the little things that Natasha did to put forks in his marriage, even it’s humiliating having to admit all of this, all of his failures, all of the things done to him, all of the stupid misunderstandings that have happened and that he fell for and didn’t do anything about.
Tony sighs. “I guess it did.”
Tony finishes his last dumpling, wipes his mouth with the napkin, and puts both the empty takeaway container and the used napkin on the tray by his bedside.
He spits the words out like they offend him.
Grant snorts. “Spoken like a loyal wife should,” he mutters under his breath.
One knot of Nazis start muttering under their breath, and Tony catches the word
Steve’s fingers grip Tony’s hip, finding the groove in his bone, squeezing, and then, the whole length of his body pressing up against Tony’s backside. Tony bites his lip, when Steve rubs his cock against him. One of his arms curls around Tony’s thigh, setting his legs open, his fingers biting into Tony’s hips tight enough to bruise.
“Steve,” he soothes, reaching out to tangle his hands with Steve. “Baby, please, look at me.”
“You’re late,” he growls.
Lord Steven looks up, sees the hand on the sheets, and the way that Tony has stretched his body out, and something shadows over his expression.
But every time that Tony makes a move, Steve seems to pull away further than before.
“Tony,” Steve says, his voice gentler than Tony had ever imagined it being, especially when considering the context, “what happened?”
“Duh,” Maushmi rolls her eyes. “You love each other, and you want to stay together forever.”
“He says that he doesn’t like bullies, no matter where they are from,” Abraham explains.
Tony feels the blow of pride to his gut, even if he’d had his reservations with this particular project being on show, and his smile stretches wide, pressing into his cheeks.
They don’t move from the floor.
“And she gave you the photos, I’m guessing?”
“Neither have I.” Steve’s blush deepens. “As in, I’ve never been with an omega, not that I’ve never been with an alpha–”
He’s beside Natasha in a second.
He doesn’t know if he could ever tell Toni.
, in the shower, or was I just dreaming that?”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” he hisses.
Tony scowls at him. “Don’t look at me like that,” he warns.
“Okay, let’s, let’s get you to a hospital, get you checked out.”
“I like playing with the ducks,” Peter tells her, gravely, “but I really don’t like this suit.”
“Casually dating and sleeping together at the time,” Tony drawls.
I am,” his voice is acid with self-hatred, “but I forgot, just for a night, and the next morning, I left, because I knew I couldn’t fuck-up his life any more than I already had. I had no right to drag him into what my life was by virtue of my circumstances. A few months later, he met you, and that was the end of it.”
There’s a rumbling from the patrons, most of them already three sheets to the wind.
“You said that you would never lie with me until I was much older than what I was; otherwise you would become such a man.”
His hand closes around the lock leading out onto the grounds. It doesn’t budge when he tries to move it, and so he finally gives up, stepping back.
His knot swells, splitting Tony open, and Tony makes a sharp, high-pitched noise against Steve’s skin, damp with sweat. Steve clutches him, breathing hard like he can’t quite get air into his lungs, like he still has asthma.
This is the first time that he’s seen Tony and Steve in their element, how they fight like animals, clawing and biting and stripping each other of hide and defence until they’re both laid bare, and they don’t spare each other, they never
“Because you’re in love with him,” Steve goes onto say, his voice sharper at the edges.
“I mean, if I suck you off in the first instance, how long would it take before you got hard again so that you could fuck me?” Tony asks, patiently.
thinks she’s the smartest person in the room.
He blearily opens his eyes, only to find Steve looming over him, his face drawn and thin and frayed, his eyes bloodshot like he’d been crying, and his mouth turned down at the corners.
All he’s missing is the white van, honestly.
, our kids, so fuck off. I’m not in the mood for your attitude right now, okay? This is all I can do. The kids aren’t here, are they?”
“I don’t…” Tony closes his eyes. “I don’t
“How-how do you know?” James asks, carefully, leaning forward, angling his entire body to face Tony, so that he knows he has James’ full attention.
Tony sees his eyes land on the fire-blackened, sun-shaped medallion, and a black pit of dread opens up in his stomach. The Nazi’s eyes gleam with triumph, and without hesitation, he picks up the medallion with his bare hands.
Obadiah does not look convinced.
And then, his eyes land on Steve.
