Now it was Steve’s turn to frown. “What?”
“Do you want me to kick you again?” Nat asked warningly, which made Clint flinch and back away from her.
Tony frowned at his tone. Steve, unlike him, was a morning person, sometimes disgustingly so. More than once his cheerfulness made Tony want to throw a mug at him in the morning. This was definitely not the case now. “Good morning to you too, Cap.”
He was escorted out of the grocery store by its very angry looking owner just moments later.
“Thor?” Nat asked sweetly.
Taking a deep breath, Steve walked over to her with a tub of her ice cream in his hands as a peace offering. “Natasha.”
“Nurse told me you don’t want any painkillers. I would recommend a local anaesthetic for the stitches they - “
He glanced down at Natasha with a deep frown on his face, fishing for a reply, for anything that would make sense, and apparently that was answer enough for her.
Steve ran his hand over his face and took a deep breath, turning down the heat of the water.
“Thanks, Romanoff.”
And he thought him going running was the weirdest thing that could happen.
Watching Tony sleep like this now, so peaceful and calm, made Steve feel- he didn’t know what it made him feel. But it was good.
The skater is Tony Stark and no one else in the figure skating world is willing to risk the same jump with both arms raised above their head. Steve wants to admire him. It’s just hard when one second, he’s skating to Notte Stellata like an actual swan, and the next he’s flaunting it to the press like the whole world should know he’s the best.
“Did Steve just say a bad language word?” A female voice with a hint of a British accent comes from the hallway.
What’s wrong with you, Steve would ask Stark if he could. And then, maybe: where are you?
Later in the day, Steve’s sitting on the bench on the side of the rink. He took a nasty landing after a quad lutz and his right ankle hurts like hell. Nothing major; not enough to hinder his performance, but it was annoying nonetheless. He’s been landing it steadily during practice, but Steve isn’t going to risk the jump in a program any time soon.
“Steve, act natural, pretend you’re...I don’t know, drinking your stupid mud smoothie.”
If only the reporters could see him now: slowly getting wasted in the corner of a banquet hall the day after he scores gold at worlds for the second time. Steve’s truly living life to its fullest.
/ / /
To that, Peggy doesn’t have a comeback.
Other members of the club are spread out sparsely on the ice. From older people, to tiny kids whose training reminds Steve of his own childhood. A little girl no older than ten skates to the center of the rink, looks around nervously, before she spreads out her arms as a starting position.
Steve shrugs, pretending to be intrigued by the Korean champion of the ladies singles busting out dance moves in the center of the room.
Tony knows better than to make a scene when Howard Stark himself comes into the banquet hall through the side entrance. It’s training that’s been ingrained within him long before his training on ice started. Be good. Be obedient. Be quiet.
“Shh, Steve doesn’t know that. It’s like Steve’s from another century. Besides, you fell victim as well.”
As much as Steve admires Howard Stark, Tony, on the other hand is a lot to deal with.
That’s when he notices Natasha sitting on the other side, with her skates tied, but looking at her phone.
Stark frowns, “I don’t say that.”
Steve sits at one of the seats in terminal B5, and decides to kill the next seven hours by counting the specks of dust in the air with a frown rested on his face. His phone is dead, and it’s not like he can practice in public. Okay, maybe booking the flight a month later than when he was supposed to wasn’t the smartest choice. Doesn’t mean he’s not allowed to sulk about it. Buck and company’s probably halfway home by now, flying first class.
Steve thinks a little competition might have been an understatement. Stark seems to feel the same, because he pastes on the thinnest of smiles that doesn’t get anywhere close to his eyes.
“It’s gonna be a fun day for you,” Steve chuckles.
“Pegs, Steve’s coming to bully us.” Clint nudged
“What was that-” Steve stops himself short when he gets up on his elbows and meets the stranger’s eyes. It’s Howard Stark’s kid, Tony, that’s piled on him. And he...he’s definitely intoxicated. Stark’s cheeks are flushed and his eyes are all glassy.
When the program ends, her eyes meet Steve, and he smiles back.  She blushes before skating away to her coach. It’s refreshing to see someone skate so freely, and without any pressure. Steve misses it. If there’s one thing he regrets it’s not skating like that in his novice years. Even back then, he was always on the safe side, no risks he’s taken has ever been uncalculated.
Steve can barely breathe in the banquet hall. It's packed to the brim today, and Steve wonders if there’s even enough air to go around. Around him, skaters and officials exchange pleasantries, and talk about absolutely nothing. After parties are always like this. Steve isn’t the type for this kind of thing, but at Fury’s insistence that the gold medalist owes as much as to show up, Steve buckled. Now, he regrets his decision.
“You don’t have to lie. I know what everyone says. Jump after jump after jump. No substance to it. No artistry. Howard knows, you know, everyone knows. We only have to pretend when I’m on ice…” he trails off.
To tell the truth, Steve is kind of concerned. Then he mentally scolds himself for being concern for, who, Stark? All things considered, Stark is the last person Steve needs to worry about.
It’s not Steve’s fault he’s not meant for these events. He does the skating thing not the--whatever you call this.
“Why not? Not good enough for you?”
Steve raised his eyebrows. “This is coming from Anthony ‘I always deserve to be first’ Stark?”
Steve puts the drawing away, not quite willing to tear it to shreds. Passengers stream toward the food court a terminal away. His watch ticks. It sounds like paint peeling.
them to fuck off.
A stumbling figure crashes against him and together, they both tumble down to the floor in a loud thud. Steve manages to save the plate and cushion the impact from the stranger, but his pelvis hurts like hell. Practice will be fun next week.
Tony hastily leaves his cake on a nearby table before Howard forcefully pats his back. He leads Tony, out of the banquet hall and into the quiet hallways of the hotel.
Steve takes a sip of some expensive Italian champagne with a name he can’t pronounce, and it burns down his throat. Steve frowns but continues to watch from the side as people dance to music pounding out of the speakers near the front. Every so often, Steve sets his glass aside and gets something he’s not tried before. Not that Steve enjoys drinking in the slightest. Steve just needs to look like he has something to do.
Tony snorts, then turns to face Steve directly. Steve’s a full head taller than him, but he feels small, under Stark’s piercing gaze. “If by something new you mean a flaming piece of shit, yes, I agree.”
Steve tosses her his bottle.
Stark hums, unperturbed by their lack of conversation.
“Thank the lord for Steven Grant Rogers.” Peggy says.
Tony’s smile grows tight, but it stays on his face. He tries not to grimace in Howard’s ironclad embrace.
It’s weird because Steve’s probably said worse in the past, and Stark has definitely said worse to him.
The reporters ask him about Howard, tell him he’s made very public statements about the whole situation. Stark gives them the finger right on camera and tells
Steve blinks. “What the fuck Clint.”
“Well,” Howard says, “We’ll see you next season at the challenger series, won’t we?”
“You haven’t heard?” Nat asks, furrowing his brows.
“I popped half of them, Steven,” Stark deadpans.
/ / /
The last piece of blue cake is abandoned on the table. Tony hopes Steve sees it. Tony was going to bring it back for him. If he made it in time, they could’ve been friends. A lie, a part of him says, but even so, the thought makes his heart flutter.
Howard takes his hand, and laughs like it’s a joke, “That’s what I tell Anthony. If only the boy listens as well as you do.”
From the side, Steve sees the younger Stark scowl. He’s refusing to come any closer. Steve chuckles nervously at Howard.
Nat’s always been a tad too ominous.
“That’s not—“
Bucky went off with Nat and Clint, coincidentally, just as the party started, murmuring some excuse about them two needing supervision. Fury ditched him the moment they came in, going off with Phil to talk to some snobby ISU officials. Not that Steve minded that. Better someone deal with them than they come up to Steve.
“God, no. I do not want to see, but thanks, love…” He rolled his eyes but was eager to catch Steve’s lips in another kiss.
Sergeant was alert from the moment someone walked in. His tail wagged in a lowered position. He still had a lot of training to do with Bucky, but Steve had been working with him for a while now and knew exactly what he wanted…
-----
Steve shook his head, “Oh, I can’t wait to tell you all about Peggy fighting for women’s rights. She’s in some of the history books for it.” He reached out to squeeze Bucky’s hands.
“Honey, darling, dear,” Tony threw his goggles atop waves of black hair and made eye contact with the love of his life before laying on, “I need you out of my face. I need to stop feeling your breath on my neck while I work.”
But he wasn’t an uncle or a friend. Definitely not a hero and hardly a source of familial love. The kids always had Clint, and Steve always had Tony, and the Avengers had each other.
“I’m gonna go start making some lunch for us, give me a holler if you need anything,” Steve was already off the bed, adding the sketchbook into his pile when Tony reached out.
Now, Tony was sitting in bed, nearing the end of his dreadful decision, and wishing he could have a drink right about now. Actually, the harder part of all of this might not have actually been dysphoria. Maybe, he was just so grumpy that he had to quit drinking …
Bucky reached out for Steve, hanging on for dear life. Their fingers almost touched. If he could just get a little closer. Their eyes met as his fingers dusted his palm again. His heart pounded in his chest, and he lurched forward, throwing his hand into Steve’s. A sharp squawk of relief was given when he felt the warm surround his hand but when Steve leaned and pulled his hand…
The “Fuck you”s could be heard through the door.
Steve never knew when to quit -- maybe that was what attracted Bucky most! Throughout every injury and illness the poor boy seemed to contract, nothing got him down. He learned to draw through trembling hands, took on the meanest guys in town, and when the war came, he fought tooth and nail to be a part of it. It was anything he could do then even more when he decided that wasn’t enough.
“It’s great to see you smile, Buck… it’s… it’s been a rough road for us, but these are great people. They’re our family, and you’re gonna love ‘em as much as I do, I promise.” Steve leaned in to press a kiss to the corner of Bucky’s lips before scooping Peter up and blowing raspberries on the toddler’s tummy.
Coulson and Fury came to share in the “Congratulations” and Coulson seemed reluctant to pass Peter on to any of his other uncles, aunts, and unofficial family members. Reed and Strange showed their faces too, but any conversation went in one ear and out the other.
He looked at it as if it would turn against him any day now. What if it hurt Peter? What if it hurt Steve? What if it hurt any of the Avengers that were trying their damnedest to make him feel as if he had a place on their team?
But he kept falling forever.
And he realized that Peter was one of his favorite people in the world.
Rhodey tilted his head, “Oh, he’s just autistic. Or, we’re pretty sure, I should say… Tony’s dad never wanted to admit it but we were all pretty sure Tony is autistic… oh, you know Pepper, right? Her, Tony, and I grew up together. Kinda… we weren’t the best of friends when we were younger but Tony is an acquired taste, ain’t he?”
The Avengers shared smiles and continued on as if Bucky’s episode never happened. They laughed and shared drinks while also getting the food out. For once, Bucky didn’t retreat to the couch. Instead, he sat at one of the counters while holding Sergeant’s leash as if his life depended on it. He watched everyone socialize instead of just listening to it from afar, and still, he didn’t feel too chatty, but that didn’t stop everyone from trying to talk to him.
“Oh, I don’t think we mentioned it ‘cause everyone is always calling me Rhodey… My name is James too, Bucky. Tony, Steve, and I had a hoot about that.”
“He’s a service dog, just like Captain, you’ve been through a lot,” Rhodey added, “Plus, you spend more time with Captain than any of us, we figured you could use a friend, might help, huh?” He reached out to pat Bucky’s shoulder.
Steve snorted, “That would be right, wouldn’t it?” He lifted Peter from his jumper and held him against his chest, “Should I assume we don’t have any updates?”
“You’re fine, we know you’re not hurting him … look at that little face!!” He laughed to which Peter giggled as well, “He just gets a little scared when Captain barks, it’s not your fault …”
But before Bucky could retaliate, Tony threw both his hands into the air. He went for the door with his own voice rising above the other man’s shouts, “You can wait for a new damn arm, you hear me?! I’m going to spend time with my husband and child! Mine, mine, mine.” And he slammed the door on his way out.
"Yeah okay, I'll get you something to drink", Steve said marching off to their bedroom to get dressed.
"JARVIS, time", he mumbled through the pillows patting the mattress next to search for his husband.
"Hmm?", the blond hummed without looking from his book.
"Don't play my games on me", Tony bit his boyfriend's lip a little too hard causing him to moan.
"Just as I am", the genius winked, equally breathless, with a smirk wiping his mouth, with the back of his hand.
Tony stopped dead in his tracks.
He leaned into a soft kiss and started grinding himself against Steve's erection that was growing again.
"Your wish is my command, Cap", Tony grinned.
"Twwoo", Tony winced or moaned, he was not even sure but he was totally sure he was turned on as hell.
They kissed, passionate and hot, nibbling and biting on each other's lips, teeth clashing, tongue exploring the other's mouth, tasting each other, melting into the moment. When they eventually pulled back, their pupils were dilated and dark, full of want and lust.
"Sorry, Mr Stark, I..ahh" But before he could continue Tony shut him up by spreading the cheeks of his ass and inserting a finger into him. Steve was deliciously tight and warm. He motioned his finger in and out before adding the second finger. "Oh God.. That feels good.. More, Tony, more.. Ahh fuck..." Steve gasped at the addition of the third finger. Tony's fingers brushed Steve's prostrate and he could not hold the moan. "Right there baby, y-yess..." Steve groaned.
"Mm, What does it do honey?", Steve asked taking off his shirt, pulling Tony on top of him and lying on his back.
Steve glared at him, "You know what's wrong". "Steve, it's not like I've not been late before, but..", Tony started and then it dawned on him. The team saw the interview live. The host was a pretty blonde, with sly eyes and fake smile plastered on her face and maybe,
"Please,
Tony went to the bedroom and came back with a bottle of lube and a pillow. He stripped himself and placed the pillow below Steve's hips.
Tony literally purred. "Just because I love belly rubs doesn't mean I'll forget the disaster that you made in the kitchen", he said leaning into the touch and putting his head on Steve's shoulder.
" You're not supposed to work you know", Steve said giving him a glass of orange juice at which Tony made a face.
It was one such evening during that time when there was light snowfall and both the men were snuggled in front of the fire place with a blanket around them. Tony was sitting between Steve's legs working on his tablet while Steve was completely engrossed in his book with one hand around the genius' waist. And though he could be locked in his workshop for days, in the end Tony was a man of great intellect who got bored very easily. He put his tablet down and craned his neck back to rest his head on Steve's shoulder and look at him.
"F-fivvee", Tears trickled down his eyes as the crop hit the same side for the fifth time with the same intensity. His ass hurt like hell, like it was on fire. He knew it'll be red and raw but it was so fucking hot.
Steve spanked his ass, hard, "What was that, baby boy??" Steve whispered above his ear, in his soft brown hair, giving Tony goosebumps with a burning pain on his asscheek.
"Mm, good boy. What colour baby?" Steve asked releasing his hair.
Steve settled behind Tony on the couch, Tony's back to his chest, and he put his arms around his husband, rubbing his hand gently on his bump.
"Whoa, someone's needy tonight", Steve gasped at the feeling of teeth sinking in his neck.
that hurt but he could hear the hitch in Steve's breath so it was worth it.
"You are such a little whore for me aren't you, want to get fucked by me, by my cock", Steve growled while his fingers constantly worked on Tony's hole, now three fingers wide. Tony bit his lip hard to stop to groan and ended up making a noise inside his throat. He was flustered, blood running south and now he could even feel Steve's erection through his jeans pressing against his ass. Steve removed his fingers and Tony winced at the loss of contact but in the next second he felt cool metal of the vibrator in his ass.
"Good boy", Steve changed the angle of the vibrator and hit the sweet spot that made Tony give out a full body shudder.
Steve said this name only when he was pissed off or very serious. His voice was cold and almost a whisper. Tony saw him sitting on the couch wearing only a pair of soft blue jeans. His naked upper body bathed into the moonlight seeping through the windows. His soft blonde hair gleaming in the light, aggrandising his already flawless skin. But there was something dark in those blue eyes that Tony couldn't point out.
"You are not allowed to come unless I tell you to. You know what happens if you don't know follow my orders. You tell me when you're close. Is that clear??" Steve asked a little out of breath.
"Crystal, Sir", Tony breathed, almost forcefully.
"Let's start then", Steve said as he stood behind Tony soothing the skin of Tony's buttcheek with his large, warm hands.
Steve had re-scheduled his morning runs since Tony got pregnant. He went after he made sure Tony was was feeling okay since he had the morning sickness majority of the time. But today was different. Steve wasn't in the bathroom nor in their walk-in closet. So where was- Tony stopped dead in his tracks when he entered the kitchen when he saw the blond in nothing but his boxers. His mouth watered at the sight but what was more intriguing was the state of the kitchen.
It was a thin, wooden crop with a red leather at its end. It was long enough to be flexible, hitting with the right force. Tony remembered Steve buying this but he had never used it before.. Until... now. He took measured steps towards Steve and stood in front of him, legs touching.
Tony turned to look in Steve's eyes. He put his hand on his cheek, rubbing back and forth on cheekbone. Who knew, Captain America, the epitome of everything good and perfect, was worried about being a good father. God he loved this man.
"I know. It's just that- My maa used to cook for me. Every parent cooks for their kids. I want to do that too, you know. I want to be a good father for our child, Tony, I want to be good for you." Steve said, his voice almost misty as his eyes.
Steve led him to the piano in the living room and let the hood down.
"Kneel on the hood", Steve said as he helped Tony climb on the hood. He was on his knees, face on the hood, ass in the air and totally at Steve's mercy. Steve sauntered around him, amused at the sight of the brunette.
Tony smeared a good amount of lube on his hand and warmed it between his palms. He took good two minutes to drink in the sight of his gorgeous man, his Greek God. Sometimes he just couldn't believe that this perfect specimen of masculine beauty inside and out, was completely and utterly in love with him, who was a far from perfect and broken man.
"Hey honey, what's all this?" He called out to the blonde who startled at the sudden interruption.
"Yes, Sir, Mr. Rogers", Tony said as loud as he could.
Steve kissed him, pulling him closer, if at all possible and Tony's hands slipped under his shirt wandering the now very well acquainted planes of skin. Steve weaved his hands in Tony's hair tugging them to kiss below the jaw and kiss and suck at the point he knew will make the brunette go insane.
"Tony, you have misbehaved. And do you know what happens to boys who misbehave?" Steve asked calmly but his voice held the demeanour of authority.
"You are good for me, sweetheart, too good. And I know it in my heart you'll be a good father. You'll be the best father. I can swear it on my life, baby." Tony said kissing him sweet and slow.
"What it is Tony?", he asked now putting his book down.
Tony stroked Steve's cock matching his own rhythm while Steve held his hips, his fingers buried in the brunette's skin. The room was quite except for the groans and moans of the men, sound of slapping of skin against skin and the cackling of firewood. Both of them knew they couldn't hold it anymore and Steve came all over Tony's hand, shouting his name, clenching every muscle of his body. With that Tony too found his release spilling inside Steve, hot and wet. He collapsed on the soldier where the two of them laid for a long time too blissed out to move from the afterglow of making love.
in front of Pepper to let him leave. Tony couldn't wait to be home, to melt himself in the arms of his super soldier.
Steve kissed him lower, on the neck, the sensitive scar tissue around the reactor, his stomach and the skin above the navel to hear the most beautiful sounds Tony made. He presses the head of cock at Tony's opening which slid in easily past the rim of muscles. He pushed inside till he was balls deep in him and Tony helplessly scratched his nails on the wood for some leverage. He pulled in Steve for a filthy kiss, biting and sucking on his lips. Steve rolled his hips and swallowed Tony's answering moan. He pushed Tony's knees further apart and gave a thrust that hit Tony's prostate and he saw stars. He took his cock in his large hand Tony was so grateful for the much needed friction that he almost came by the mere touch. Steve built a steady rhythm, nailing Tony over and over, pumping his cock in his hand, flicking his thumb on the slit. Tony was so stimulated with electricity flowing through his every single nerve when he came all over Steve's hand and chest, that he did not even notice the hot liquid inside him until Steve collapsed on top of him.
", Tony corrected himself pushing back, rolling his hips to get some friction. "Please what, Tony??" Steve smirked, he fucking
"Colour, honey", Steve asked.
Tony mumbled something incoherent that even Steve's superhearing could not pick up. He stopped moving the vibrator and prompted, "What was that?"
Said husband was supposed to bring him coffee, pamper him with breakfast in bed, at the very least help him out of the bed. Yeah, now he needed help getting out of his own bed. He used every ounce of energy he had, pulled on Steve's T-shirt (At Least they still fit) and padded out, caressing the round bump of his belly. It had become a nervous habit like he used to tap the reactor before he got it removed.
"Good boy. You know I hate it when you flirt with someone else. Don't you?" Steve said twisting Tony's hand behind his back and pulling him impossibly close.
Tony groaned as he squinted his eyes to adjust to the bright light searing through the windows.
"We'll go ten rounds of the crop. Is ten okay, honey?" Steve asked with voice devoid of anger but cold enough.
"Count for me babe", Steve ordered as he hit the riding crop on the Tony's right butt.
Tony was overwhelmed with the fullness of the girth of the vibrator but it was not painful.. Hell he had taken Steve's dick he could take this thing as well. Steve set the vibrations to a slow hum, letting Tony adjust to the sensation. Then he increased the speed and started pounding it in and out with a slow and continuous tempo.
Tony removed his fingers and replaced them with his cock. He thrusted his entire length at once and let Steve get comfortable with the feeling. "Move, Tony, dammit", Steve groaned and Tony started moving in and out, establishing a slow tempo. He wanted to take this nice and slow but he leaned to take leverage on Steve's shoulders and he pulled him into a hot kiss and Tony lost his control. He thrusted harder into Steve hitting his prostate again and again. Steve was warm and tight around him giving the right amount of friction and still making him want for more.
"Just how lucky I got to have you as mine", Tony gazed into the blue eyes with a fond twinkle in his chocolate brown eyes.
"I love how hard you get for me, Spangles," Tony purred stroking Steve's cock lazily.
"And you're supposed to bring me coffee, Steven", he said reluctantly taking the juice.
"Yes what?" Steve raised an eyebrow and pulled at Tony's hair to look into his eyes.
"Honey, I'm home", Tony announced putting down his bag. The entire floor was dark except for the windows facing the street that let in some light. He squinted in the darkness to search for Steve.
"You okay there, sweetheart?", Steve asked wiping the tears with his thumb while kissng and scraping Tony's jaw.
"Threee", and
"Getting all gentalman-ly, are we?", the blonde teased.
"We both know, every time you cook, it's just a few seconds away from the fire alarm going off", Tony said.
Tony was tired. Not physically tired, but his mind was exhausted. The interview went on for what felt like ages. He had agreed to do this to clear things about his and Steve's relationship, that everyone including Captain America and Iron man are allowed to love who they love and no, it did not affect the dynamics of the team or the atmosphere at the tower. They were more like a family than a team. So yeah it was all about telling the paparazzi and the public to mind their own damn business.
Tony's mouth went dry and his cheeks heated, "Y-yes. They get punished."
"Yes", Tony breathed desire pooling in his stomach.
"Your refractory period amazes me, Rogers", he said standing up.
"I'm always needy when it comes to you baby", Tony said pushing the blanket aside for better access.
"Onnnee", Tony counted as he felt the leather on his ass with a loud smacking noise and he felt it's sting.
"You know what it does to me, watching you in your suit, don't you honey?" Steve said against Tony's cheek, a warm breath that made Tony shiver and made him dizzy that he didn't even notice his hands were tied behind his back with the tie.
"Steve?"
" Steeeveeeeee", Tony whined turning towards his boyfriend to face him.
"We aim to please, Mr Stark", Steve gave a lascivious grin.
"Fouurr" Tony felt like his voice was coming from some other place. His cock was hard and throbbing.
"Oh the things you do to me, Shellhead," Steve said in a raspy voice.
Tony kissed Steve's every inch of skin available, from the jaw bone to the corner of the mouth to the collar bone which he could access with the blanket around them, leaving red marks.
"Oh my fucking god, Steve, you look so good like this, I swear, fuck, ahhh-fuckkk-yeah.." Tony was babbling, their bodies covered in sweat and shining in the orange of the fire.
"I'm bored", the brunette pouted looking like a baby with a goatee.
"You've been so good to me, Tony, so so good," Steve said and Tony heard the sound of opening of a zipper and the bottle of lube and his cock twitched in response. "I want to see you when I'm inside you. Turn over." Steve said as he released Tony's hands and flipped him on the hood. Tony's face was flushed and wet with sweat and tears and Steve swore this was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.
"Fuck Tony, t-this is so goood, you're s-so good, oh God-yess, r-right there baby, right t-there..", Steve could not think straight.
"Doesn't seem like nothing to me. I'm going to the living room. Why don't we talk there?" Tony said.
He was not tired of the interview but of what came after. He went to SI to complete the paperwork he had been procrastinating for a week. He would not have it done today either but Pepper threatened him to make a hole of the size of her heel in his head and so he gave in to complete all the work. It seemed to go on and on until he whined, actually
He nailed Tony's prostate over and over that turned Tony into a sweating, flushed mess. Tony felt the familiar tension building up low in his belly, his cock leaking precome and breath coming out in short gasps.
"Shut up or I won't fuck you", Tony warned hiding his smirk.
"Babe, what's wrong?" Tony asked confused.
"I'm becoming a boy scout. You are a bad influence, Rogers", the genius said faking offence.
“Because you love Tony.” Steve opened his mouth to protest, but Natasha didn’t give him the chance to do so. “Don’t argue with me, Rogers. You are a little smitten kitten. And the fact that you do absolutely nothing about it makes you a giant idiot.”
Steve jumped to his feet, off the sofa, to get away from the hoard (can you call five people a hoard?) that was coming for him. Nat and Tony where right on his tail, Steve backing away until his back hit the wall and there was nowhere else to go.
“He remembered!” Steve’s voice was raised now, his hands shaking in anger. Why was Tony like this now? Didn’t he want him to have Bucky back? What was the point in giving him this file, if he just sat at home, comfortable, ignoring that his friend needed help?
It frustrated Steve immensely that he didn’t get all the pop culture references the others made. The only one who was about as clueless as he was, was Thor and to be honest he was glad that he wasn’t alone in this. He had found a sort of studying partner in the God of Thunder and he was extremely grateful for it too. They had spent countless evenings and nights together, watching movies and TV shows the others kept talking about. He hoped that those nights with Thor and huge bowls of popcorn weren’t over after what he had done. Because Steve had an ever-growing list, now adding “Brokeback Mountain” and “Dirty Dancing” to it. It’ll show them how he can handle the dance-scene. Whatever it was.
Steve knew the answer to the question without even thinking about it.
Enjoy!
Doctor Strange was the absolute best in his field, which is why Pepper hired him to treat May, but the man was as talented as he was arrogant. He had a constant air of superiority around him, constantly rolled his eyes and flirted with everyone who couldn’t hide quick enough. Pepper said he reminded her of Tony when he was younger.
“Hey, you with us shell-head?”
First things first, she had to complete Thor’s dare. Nat put on her best fake tourist smile and walked up to the ice cream truck. She ordered a scoop of vanilla in a cone, took a deep breath and smashed it against her forehead after asking the vendor if he believed in unicorns. Without waiting for a reply from the puzzled guy, she mustered up as much of an air of “Obviously it is completely normal for me to have an ice cream cone stuck on my forehead” as she could, which was quite a lot, and walked back to the guys.
First day of their vacation and the team does what they do best: chaos.
“What the-“
Aunt May smiled at him softly. “Oh, Tony. You are a genius, you know why.”
Turning her head to face Clint, she gave him a little smile. She would talk to him.
“If you tear down this wall, the whole thing will implode!”
Stepping into the shower, Tony closed his eyes and let out an almost pornographic moan when the hot water hit his sensitive skin. He could already feel his tense muscles relaxing a little. He clearly wasn’t made for this whole fighting business. He was an engineer, a mechanic and not a soldier. Yet he knew that he wouldn’t be able to go back to a life where he wasn’t Iron Man, where he wasn’t part of the Avengers, trying to make this world just a little safer.
Every floor had its own bathroom with a bathtub that could easily fit three people, as well as a rain shower, all white marble and glass.
Did Bucky choose it because he remembered it too? Or was it just a convenient hide-out?
Everyone watched Natasha and Steve’s exchange, eyes darting between them like in a tennis match. Neither of them was willing to back down, and of the first time Tony was happy about her stubbornness.
Thor was looking at the floor. “Uhm… Steve doesn’t want to join us.”
“Just… trying to remember the rules.” He didn’t even sound convincing to himself.
Tasha was still giggling like a little girl, so untypical for her and yet it suited her perfectly. “Yes, Captain!”
It was 5am in the morning when Tony’s alarm went off. He knew that Steve went running every morning at 5.30am. That freak. But Tony wasn’t one to back down from a challenge. He was going to get up and he was going to run with Steve, and he would not die. In five minutes. Just five more minutes.
When he was a child his family spend their summer holidays wherever his father had to work and the few times, he had actually gone to the beach it was either with Jarvis or his nanny. He had never built a sandcastle before.
Steve couldn't help but smile. He knew from the beginning that Tony was a hot mess, but then again so was he, just in a different way. He knew that Tony's childhood was less than happy, but this was the first time Tony actually spoke of it.
He also didn’t care that every other day at exactly 4pm someone came to pick up blonde guy. It was always one of two people picking him up. The first guy was young Denzel Washington type with a stubble that he tried to sell off as a beard and what seems to be a fetish for leather jackets. He never wore the same jacket twice, but always wore the same smug and slightly flirtatious smirk on his face. Guy number two never smiled and always looked like he’d rather be anywhere else in the world. He always wore his brown hair tied put in a man bun, always wore long sleeve shirts and always wore a glove on his left hand.
After they had finally finished dinner, they almost ran back to the cars. Everything to escape this situation. They rode back in the same group, but this time Nat was driving instead of Steve.
“Who says I’m uptight?”
sleep, is lying!”
“I am prepared to watch you fall!” And with that they started to wiggle back and forth on top of the inflatables to make them move towards each other. As soon as they were close enough, they started hitting the other with their pool noodle, Natasha using her left hand to spare her sprained right wrist, each shouting insults and threats at their opponent.
“Where is it?”
Steve gave up on reading his book and watched the two of them mount their plastic animals.
“Someone tell me this is a bad joke!” He demanded.
Movement behind him, forced Steve to take his eyes off Bucky. He made quick work of the policemen, but by the time he was done with them, he had lost sight of Bucky.
Steve shook his head. “Yeah. Sorry. Morning.”
Steve sighed and ran his hand over his face. “Yeah, yeah, I know I shouldn’t just have stormed out like that but come on! We don’t need a holiday, we need to find those Masters of Evil and bring them to justice!”
“I don’t do that anymore.”
Upon hearing this everyone stopped smiling and moved over to Thor. Bruce immediately had one arm wrapped around Thor’s middle, Tony took one of his hands and Nat climbed over the sofa behind the god and hugged his back, placing her head on his shoulders. Clint knelt down in front of him between his legs, with his head resting on Thor’s knee, while Steve scooched over, next to Tony and grabbed Thor’s other hand.
Steve looked at Tony, Bruce and Thor. “Wow. You guys answered that way too quickly.”
Steve usually had a good grip on his temper and more often than not was able to keep a cool head.
“Oh yes. Now let’s see. What shall I make you do?”
He started laughing before reading out loud. “Never have I ever had sex in a public place.”
Hammer had said that he would pay for this and he was sure the guy wasn’t lying. And now that he knew how much Peter meant to Tony, he wouldn’t put it past him to use the kid to get back at him.
Bruce nodded in agreement. “Fuck indeed.”
“Do you enjoy the lives of the Kardashian clan as well?” Thor asked happily, Bruce nodded ignoring the disbelieving expressions on Tony, Nat and Clint’s faces. Before those three could get a word in edge wise, Thor, Bruce and Steve started talking about the show, who was their favourite Kardashian and how excited they were about the new season.
Last nights drinking game caused more than just a little tension. Maybe a boat trip and an eating contest could fix things?
Half an hour later, Thor was back downstairs. Alone. And with an expression on his face neither of them had seen before. He looked like his spirit had been crushed, the usual twinkle in his eyes completely gone.
“Did you get him good?”
“Everyone come and behold our mighty pillow fort!” Thor called from the living room. Tony’s focus shifted from Steve’s face to the God of Thunder and by the look of his construction, apparently also the God of Pillow forts.
“What is?”
Steve on the other hand, was taking notes, his frown so intense his eyebrows were almost touching. He was clearly upset that they weren’t able to catch the perpetrators. Not that everyone else was happy about it, but it upset Steve the most. Tony knew he regarded the two of them as the leaders of the Avengers and he also knew how much Steve got upset about failure. Mind you not the failure of others, but of himself.
“It’s time to come home.”
He knew exactly where he could find Steve, even without asking J.A.R.V.I.S.
Bruce was barely able to eat his food, because he was so distracted by Steve’s behaviour. The only one who seemed mostly oblivious to the strangeness taking place at their table was Thor.
“I just lost so much respect for you, Cap.” Bruce sounded disappointed and a little hurt. “Why didn’t you invite me?”
Clint was about to retort, but Natasha’s shaking hand taking hold of his under the table stopped him. This was her fight, not his. But that didn’t mean that he wasn’t pissed.
“And what are you going to do?” Clint asked.
“Fine!” Steve got up, pushing his chair back and stormed out of the conference room.
Steve could only nod in agreement. Everything about this situation was ridiculous. Starting with the fact that they were Iron Man and Captain America. On a Caribbean island. Locked in a closet. By Black Widow.
And so, they did. Bruce had packed snacks for all of them and Steve made sure, everyone carried enough water with them so they wouldn’t get dehydrated, also making sure that they put on plenty of sun lotion.
“I will show you,” Steve started, but before he could get any further, he got interrupted by loud cheering and Clint’s wolf whistling.
"So, interesting tree."
The man on the pictures barely looked like the man he knew. The man he knew would never leave the house without shaving, would never have let his hair grow that long. Steve remembered fondly making fun of Bucky and how vain he was about his hair. He remembered all the bickering when Bucky took too long in the bathroom again, before they left to go out for the night.
Before one of them could reply, the pilot announced that they have arrived and everyone grabbed their bags, getting out of the jet. Tony looked at his reflection in the window before he got up, checking if he had something stuck to his face, that could explain the weird looks he had gotten from Bruce and Steve. Nope, no drool, no sleep-marks, not even sharpie drawings. Weird.
“Penny for your thoughts.” Natasha sat down next to him, making Steve jump a little in surprise. She put down a glass of Whisky in front of him, which he happily took. Not for the drink inside, it took a lot to get Steve drunk thanks to the serum, but it gave him something to hold on to.
Thor thought for a moment, then tilted his head slightly. “Are you too upset?” He asked quietly.
One of them was a shark.
Steve knew he was out of line. He knew that what he said was horrible and that he had hurt Thor and he was honestly feeling guilty about it. The moment the words left his lips, he felt a pang of regret and he regretted even more, that he didn’t go after Thor to apologize. He was just so… angry.
Steve was very lucky to have a friend like her by his side. They both weren’t big talkers and her strength and composure gave Steve something he could relate to. When he first woke up from the ice, it was her who anchored him, who made him feel like there was a place for him in this world. It was also Nat who first dragged him out of the SHIELD compound to go and explore the new New York and in turn he showed her all his favourite spots from back in the day, at least the ones that still existed. He could honestly say that he loved Natasha. Not in a romantic or sexual way, but in a way that the Greeks called “Philia”, a deep and affectionate love that connected two people beyond physical attraction. He knew he could always count on her and vice versa.
Tony had the urge to pull Peter into a hug and ensure him that he would never allow anyone to hurt him in any way. But judging by the look of the kid that was probably a bad idea. So instead he just shook his head.
Steve clenched his jaw and tightened the grip on his bag. “He remembered me.”
What if it works? Oh Steve, could only imagine the life they could have. Waking up in each other’s arms in the morning, Tony grumpy and mostly comatose before his first coffee. He would make him breakfast in bed, would take him on dates whenever he possibly could. Would make him smile every day of his life. Steve knew he could make Tony so happy.
Steve sat up and ran a hand over his face. Right, this was ridiculous. He got up and walked to the bathroom as if splashing some water onto his face was going to change anything. Looking at himself in the mirror Steve shook his head. “Get your shit together, Rogers.” He mumbled to himself and ran a hand through his blonde hair.
Stepping into the shower, he thought about Nat’s expression, wondering what that was about. It was a similar look she shot him the previous night the poker game and a couple of times before, back in New York. She always seemed like she was able to read his mind and it never bothered him before, so why was it bothering him now? Nothing had really changed.
Thor seemed almost happier about Bruce’s excitement for his present than he was about his own.
Before he could stop himself, Tony leapt up from where he was sitting on the floor, closed the very short distance between them and took Steve’s face in his hands. Not a second later their lips touched and for the first time ever Tony’s head was silent. No self-doubt, no questions, no thoughts. Just peace. Nothing had ever felt this right before in his life and he’d be damned if he ever stopped kissing Steve.
“I think poker sounds great!” He said way too loud, which earned him a scrutinizing look from Natasha. Great. Steve knew all too well that nothing passed by this woman even, or especially, if you tried to hide it.
He shook his head. He couldn’t do it. Couldn’t look him in the eyes, because it was those eyes that first made Steve realize that he was truly and madly in love with Tony. He could get lost in those eye for days and be thankful for it.
Natasha shifted her focus from Thor’s tinsel-hair and shot Steve a questioning look, as if to ask if Tony is forgiven for leaving in the first place. He couldn't help but give a little chuckle before he nodded.
There was another kick under the table and Clint agreed that it was a great idea to go hiking together.
“Fine! Fine, we’ll make a plan first.” He sounded less than happy about it, avoiding eye contact with Tony.
“I think I’ll also… go.” He mumbled more to himself than anyone in particular. “Night.”
Due to his injuries he had taken a couple of painkillers that made his body feel like he was floating. But then again, he
“No.”
After all, that’s what family is.
“Hey!” Nat and Thor protested in unison.
No matter if it was leather jacket or man bun, or sometimes both, who picked him up, Steve always embraced them, and his face lit up like the sun as soon as they stepped into the shop.
Steve’s palms started sweating again as he got into the car with Nat. After the ice cream and the sort of apology, he had hoped that everything would be okay between them, but evidently it wasn’t.
Tony put his now empty glass on the bar counter and made his way to the beach. Halfway there it occurred to him that he had forgotten his swimming trunks upstairs in his room. Well, it wasn’t the first time he went skinny dipping.
And he did. He thought back to last month when his insomnia got the better of him again, so he went to the common room to watch an old black and white movie, like he did when he was a child, and fell asleep on the sofa. He had woken up a few hours later covered by a blanket, Steve sitting next to him with a hot chocolate in his hand and a second mug on the table for him.
Thor smiled sleepily at Tony, maybe not noticing that they were hugging or maybe he just didn’t mind. Tony had no idea how the Asgardian’s regarded situations like this, and it was quite possible, that this was just normal to them. Either way Tony didn’t mind and instead of getting up, he went back to resting his head next to Thor’s.
Bruce and Tony busied themselves in the kitchen while Clint and Thor were taking care of the construction of a pillow fort.
Shaking his head, he entered his own room and got undressed. Tony always slept naked. Just felt better that way.
Clint nodded in approval, again reaching for the gummy bears. “And anyways, marshmallows aren’t real food.”
“It’s a movie where a closet is a door to another world and there is a talking lion.” She tried to clarify.
Peter looked from Tony to the man standing uncomfortably close to him and frowned. “Uhm I’m not Mister Stark’s son. I just work here.”
Steve could feel her eyes on him, burning through the back of his head. The tender touch of her hand on his shoulder was a surprise and he had to hold himself back not to flinch.
He only had been sitting in the room for about ten minutes, when the door opened, and white coat appeared in Tony’s field of vision. The perks of being able to afford private insurance, Tony thought, until he saw who the white coat belong to.
Bruce shook his head. “Too cliché. How about a butterfly?”
A sort of angry growl escaped Steve. “Yes, we talked. Go away!”
Shaking his head, he peaked out of the bathroom door, to make sure no one was in the hallway and then hurried to his room. Steve always showered after travelling, it refreshed him.
And Steve let him.
“I… Sorry. I’m just gonna… yeah…” Steve stammered and pushed past Tony to get to his room, slightly crouched over and still holding the towel against his front. Only his front.
Tony was still only wearing his swimming trunks and the bikini apron, yet it was far too much. Steve made quick work with the ribbon on the back and was just about lift the neckholder over Tony’s head when someone knocked on the door of the closet they were locked in. Seconds later a second sheet of paper slid in from under the door.
But all of that had to wait until later. First, they had to get Bucky.
Clint just rolled his eyes and made space for Tony on the sofa. Bruce wordlessly handed him a plate loaded with food. He knew Tony hadn’t eaten much today and as the “mother” and cook of the group he had to make sure all his hatchlings were eating properly. More or less.
Now it was Steve’s turn to almost choke on his food. He quickly turned away praying to god no one noticed, and he was almost lucky enough to get away with it. But he should have known better with Nat in the room. And if it weren’t for the fight they just had, she would have called him out on it. The odd thing was that it felt wrong that she said nothing and instead just joined Thor and Clint on the sofa. Sure, neither of them was openly mad at him anymore, apart from maybe Tony, but Steve could feel that there was still some resentment. Hopefully they just needed to spend some more time together to get back to normal.
“What do you want me to do? Walk up to him and say: Oh, hello Mister Iron Man, I sure do like you. Would you accompany me to dance, I bet you’re a real jive bomber?”
He sat down between Clint and Bruce, right opposite him was their fearless leader, nursing a Whisky, Natasha to his left and Thor to his right.
But he could definitely do without the injuries.
This was not an appropriate topic to think about when lying in bed. Although he was sure Tony would disagree. He would make some salacious comment about how this was the best place to think of naked people and then he would give him one of his stupid smirks and then he would raise his eyebrow at Steve, looking up at him through his thick lashes with those big brown eyes and –
“Right boys, I have decided what to do with Mr. Barton.” Steve let out a shaky breath. Finally, something else to focus on but Tony.
“Oh good – wait what?”
Tony lifted the glass to his lips, just to find it empty.
Steve and Thor joined them a little later, Steve immediately turning a furious shade of pink when he saw Tony laying on a deck chain in nothing than his swimming trunks.
“Now then boys, let’s have some fun.”
The rest of the day was spent with the usual bickering, laughing and joking around and most importantly playing with the puppy. Thor had his new blanket wrapped around his shoulders the whole day and refused to take it off under any circumstances.
“Battle plan: Everyone will change into their best garments and we will meet here in 10 minutes to acquire more food!”
With the glass in his hand, Tony left his room to look at the rest of the house. He assumed the other bedrooms looked pretty much like his, so he didn’t bother. Also, the other might not like him snooping around in their rooms. Not that that ever stopped him.
“I guess I’ll be puttin’ on the movie them.” Steve made his way over to the TV and set everything up. Taking the remote with him, he climbed into the fort, where the rest of his team was waiting. Clint and Natasha were snuggled up under a blanket on the left, Thor and Bruce shared the middle space, leaving a place to the right of Tony. Of course.
So, Steve took a deep breath and readied himself for the ridicule. “Thor and I watch Keeping up with the Kardashians every Sunday night. Yes, we wear our pyjamas, yes we eat popcorn and yes we are ashamed of it.”
Steve popped on his elbows, watching him. “Tony, what’s goin’ on?”
Steve’s eyebrow shot up. “No? Why then?”
But Tony was so happy that Steve found such a good friend in Nat and that the man had someone he could trust.
Bruce could barely contain the huge grin plastered across his face. Great.
The grand finale of  my little vacation fic. We have everything the heart wants, angst, fluff and intrigue! I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!
With another sigh he placed the phone back on the dresser next to the bed and started to get changed. He didn’t want the others to be waiting for him.
"Thank you. For staying. And if at any point you feel overwhelmed just let me know. We can come up here and hide for a bit. Or go for a walk. Or sit on the top of the tower and look down on the city. Whatever it takes."
They were all still pretty beat from the recent battle, so they called it an early night.
“I do not regret anything.” He proudly declared.
Tony walked up to one of the workmen and put on his best authoritarian face. “Who is in charge here?”
Nevertheless, the flight was spend with the two couples being annoyingly in love, and Bruce seriously questioned if this was better than the pining.
“Okay, who wants to start with opening their present?” Thor asked, barely able to contain all of his excitement.
“You should come and join.” Thor called.
Reading the information Tony had been able to collect, regarding Bucky’s time as the Winter Soldier, as a Hydra-puppet, Steve wasn’t surprised about the look on Bucky’s face. He was sure the information in this folder was just the tip of the iceberg and he couldn’t, didn’t want to, imagine the things they must have done to him.
He hated how right Bruce was.
Steve turned towards them, while Thor already started on destroying the mountain of poptarts. Clint started towards the table to get to the coffee but was held back by the look Natasha gave him. If anyone could beat you into submission with one glace, it was her.
And with that he pushed everyone but Thor out onto the sun deck.
Tony’s patience was already running thin, it had been a long and very shit day and the last thing he needed was an argument with a self-important neurosurgeon.
“You knew that I knew and didn’t say something?”
“Sorry?”
“Did you enjoy that?” It was barely a whisper, more like a growl, low and fuelled with barely contained rage. Tony took an involuntary step back. He’s never seen that side on Steve before and it was more than just slightly unnerving.
Behind her Tony could see Peter and blonde guy- what was he still doing here? – peaking in. Peter was anxiously playing with the hem of his hoody, while blonde guy just looked very confused about what was going on.
She looked up at him from under her eyebrows. “You are offering to paint my nails?”
“I don’t think you are.” Blonde guy objected, looking down at Tony’s right fist. It looked like someone had dipped it in red paint, the knuckles broken open offering a glimpse at the bone underneath and Tony could have sworn that it wasn’t his. He uncurled the fingers to stretch them out and pain shot up his arm straight to his head, making him sway a little. Maybe blonde guy was right.
But what he hated the most was that in fact he did not hate any of it. Apart from the hike. He really hated the hike.
So, to deal with my emotions, and boredom, I finally finished chapter 2.
With his one hand remaining on Steve’s knee, Tony lifted the soldiers chin with the other. The moment their eyes met, Tony’s heart broke into a million little pieces. Those beautiful blue eyes reflected hurt and heartache and so, so much love, Tony never thought possible.
Steve was seriously concerned now. He sat up properly and watched Tony. “Hey, you’re starting to scare me.”
“Don’t give me that ‘language’ crap, because I swear to god-“
As soon as they had Bucky safe in the compound, she would make sure Steve apologized to Tony or so help her god. Or whoever.
A sigh of relief came over him when the door slid open, and his husband made his way in. Tony flopped over onto the couch and prepared for the onslaught of questions that Steve would bring over in three…
Despite neither of them believing Tony actually said that, “James Stark” was born just a couple years later.
“Look at this, Petey, daddy really knows how to draw, doesn’t he?” He cooed, eyes drawn into every detail that was included. When he arrived at the sketches of him while he was pregnant, he exhaled, “If I was gonna have a baby as cute as you, I’d do it again…”
Steve shoved a kiss onto Tony’s lips, “Oh, you’re the best, you know that?” He kissed again and held this one out, stopping the other man from being able to reply, “Thank you, Tony, thank you for taking care of him. I love you so much. You’re so intelligent and kind and…” His words drifted off as he continued to pepper kisses on the scientist.
It took days… and weeks… and months after that. It took sleeping for two day intervals. It took talking to Bruce as if he was his therapist. It took puppy-dogging T’Challa when he returned to America with a baby named Azari. It took having to look Peter in the eyes and actually take care of him instead of leaving it to Steve. It took Strange telling him “I’m not that kind of doctor”, and most of all, it took time.
Sam, who had caught the ass-end of the conversation, wrapped an arm around Steve and Rhodey, “Hey, old men… listen, I’m sure you’ve heard it a million times from all of us, but if you need anything? We’re here for you. I know we went back and forth a bit, Buck, but yeah.”
No one was actually watching him. No one was hovering or paying attention to him while Peter was here with him. He raised an eyebrow, more confused than anything, and he pulled Peter into his lap with both hands so he didn’t accidentally crawl off the counter.
Steve nodded and finally sat down with the other two, “And I know what you’re thinking, Bucky… because I asked the same thing! I was like ‘But Tony’s so social!’ but tell him like you did me, Rhodey…”
Tony was the first of his friends to give birth. He would also be the first to argue that it was the worst thing he ever experienced and cut off anyone who tried to name a time that was worse. The feelings that came afterwards solidified his belief in how he felt an instant disgust over the newborn.
He was left to watch everyone else enjoy this moment.
Bucky found it hard to focus on exactly what Rhodey was saying and shook his head, “I’m not gonna hurt Peter. I wouldn’t do that, Steve’s my best friend, this is basically the whole world to me--” But Rhodey put a hand up and shushed him.
Steve sighed but didn’t object. He ran his hand across Tony’s back before creeping towards the entrance of the lab. His eyes never left Tony’s work, and the man could feel it so he added, “I love you, Steve! Goodbye!”
Half-toddling and half-crawling came baby Peter into the living room. He grabbed one of his Uncle Bucky’s boots and used it to stand up. He looked up at him with big, ol’ eyes and smacked his knee when he wasn’t immediately picked up.
Bruce woke with a start and pulled himself off the couch as if he had been fully conscious this whole time. “Hey, Steve, get kicked out?” He yawned and pulled his glasses from his face, using his shirt to wipe the lenses clean.
Thor knocked shoulders with the scrawnier man, “I love Bruce for who he is. Hulk and I are just friends. Very rambunctious friends who can’t seem to get out of each other’s way, but just friends.”
Steve smiled, “Why don’t you go on ahead? Thank you for looking after Petey.”
Steve added, “Autism is kinda a new thing for the two of us.” He explained to Rhodey, “Back in the day, they equated it to schizophrenia, and I think I remember hearing ‘autism’ go around right before we got frozen, but a lot of people thought it was made-up…” He shrugged.
“Who am I? Who the fuck am I?” Tony suddenly slammed the metal he was examining down on the cart and grabbed the side of the medical bed instead, “I’m Captain America’s fucking husband, I gave birth to his child, do you think when I chopped off my tits and pumped myself full of testosterone the minute I got a doctor that wasn’t petrified of my fucking father that I thought, that I thought I’d ever let another man put a baby inside of me? I’m the one who’s been here. I’m the one who’s fixing the fucking mess you made to make him happy-”
Rhodey came over to sit across from Bucky, “Geez, I can’t even tell you how bad the back pain is today… fuck. Sam is calling me an old man over there, but I needed to sit down.” He shook his head.
No eyes were on him. Why weren’t they more worried?
Anybody should have known that Steve would never listen.
“You know, he really reminds me of you,” Steve stared intently at his husband and child as he tried to get every freckle drawn in his sketchbook.
“Are you all still harassing him?” Tony asked as he swung into the kitchen, “Hey, Buck! I know your birthday isn’t for a few days, and we were gonna keep this as a surprise, but after that little episode--” He whistled and from behind him emerged Sam with a black leash wrapped around his arm.
After being kicked out, Steve had no choice but to return to another floor of the Avengers Tower. He chose the recreational floor and found it quiet. It made sense for the early afternoon as this was normally when training, missions, and naptime for whoever was watching the baby that day. Trying to nap with Peter would have been an uphill battle for the super soldier so after he laid his son down, he began pacing through the living room without purpose.
“Yeah, probably,” He shrugged and sunk into his bedding, “Are you almost done?”
Tony set the sketchbook to the side and stood up with the baby in his arms. He adjusted him, causing a little squawk to come out of Petey, and met Steve in the kitchen. It was a quiet lunch with Peter in Tony’s arms the entire time.
Eventually, he was shaken from his thoughts by Steve knocking on the door and squeezing his face in, “Ready for lunch?”
“What do you mean? What’s ‘that’?” He shifted up to really look at Bucky now.
It was as simple as “He’s stable, they’ll let you know if that changes, find something to keep you occupied.”
“So, this guy teaches you how to use a smartphone, and you get him pregnant?” Bucky’s tone was nothing short of teasing.
A snort followed Tony’s words, and Steve pressed his forehead to his sketchbook in laughter, “I just love you both so much, how about that? Do you wanna see my drawings?”
“Oh… no, I, I don’t think she was alerting for Steve. You were kinda freaking out a little on us? ‘Tasha came in and asked if you were hungry and you bolted up and started backing away from her,” Rhodey explained, reaching out to pet Captain as well, “I think we all have a bad habit of crowding when something’s wrong… so sorry about the mass confusion, everyone just couldn’t figure out if you were okay.”
Bucky didn’t really know what to say. It was all a lot to take in, and all he could do was shrug, “I guess I thought after all these years, people would stop caring about things that didn’t hurt others… like, women doing their thing or people kissing other people, I don’t know… really, Steve was always better at verbalizing social issues… I kinda just let him talk and rally behind him--” He stuck his tongue out between his teeth.
And it wasn’t mere attraction, either. Bucky was pretty sure he loved him and could spend the rest of his life with him. Regardless of the implications or struggles, even if it meant never having children or being able to publicly express their love... not that Steve would ever settle for that injustice.
Banner and Thor rushed over to him suddenly, and he knew this is when Peter would be snatched away from him … for sure? Thor tried talking first but Banner shushed him, “Listen, Bucky, Thor is gonna start singing to you and please, please explain to him that not everyone likes being sung ‘happy birthday’ to. It gets awkward, tell him you don’t want all of us overlapping and talking to you at once?”
Bucky was exhausted. He felt as if he would never be able to open his eyes again, but he needed to know what was going on. He… he forced his eyelids to lift and squinted through blurred vision to witness Tony Stark ushering Steve from the room. His mouth opened, but the words in his mind never came out as the beeping of machines began to echo in his aching head.
“Are polar opposites?” Clint filled in the worlds for Bucky, “Yeah, I didn’t believe it at first … but have you met the Hulk? That big green beast knocks all the energy out of Thor so Bruce is left with a half-way decent man.” He laughed.
Rhodey came in like he owned the place, kissing Tony on the lips before stealing a kiss from Steve too. No one stared or pointed weapons when he whisked Peter into the air and rocked from side-to-side with him. Instead, they laughed and reminded Bucky that he didn’t belong here.
“Was that yummy, baby? Was that a good lunch?” He cooed, swinging from right to left as he patted Peter’s back, “Why don’t we go check on your uncle Bucky, huh? I bet he oughta be awake by now, and I know he’ll love to see you.”
“I’m going to check on him! Peter’s still napping, and you, sir!” He poked Tony’s nose, “You, sir, get everything you need to get done today done, because tonight, after you’re done, after dinner’s done, after we get all the Avengers out of our hair, I am going to do unspeakable things to you. Inappropriate, dirty things.”
It was a fact. It was just how it was.
A chuckle followed before the weight of the words came down on him. Even though he was the only one who understood them, it made his stomach churn. The relief came when he got to all the drawings of him and Petey.
Peter squawked in his arms, waving quite aggressively at his uncles and aunts.
Bucky stared into the love of his life’s blue eyes with his mouth agape, “I’m okay, Steve. I… I don’t know what happened, but I’m okay.” He looked between Steve and Rhodey, nodding, “Can you take Peter from me?” He held him out for whoever wanted to grab him and slowly stood up when he was in Rhodey’s arms.
He envied Bruce and Thor’s plan to raise a horde of Asgardian children, both made and adopted. It wasn’t that Steve doted on Tony any less than Thor did Bruce, but it was different. Bruce had to worry about keeping the Hulk at bay for nine months, and he didn’t even seem fazed by that fact! He never talked about it, just enjoying peace and quiet as Thor threw him around the base with beaming pride.
Something was bubbling in the veteran’s chest. He… he had felt such grief, but the way that this… this man spoke to him. His sadness, his anxiety, his regret, the sick feeling in his gut was bubbling into… anger, “Who… who the fuck do you think you are?” Bucky tried to calm his breathing as he glared through wild strands of brown hair.
“Steven Grant -- you are unbelievable! No, don’t even, nope. Get out of here! You are gone! Out, out, out!”
He pushed his fingers through Bucky’s hair. Each tangle was carefully undone. The vital sign monitor seemed to drown out other sounds as Steve’s own heart seemed to beat faster. He swallowed the saliva collecting in his mouth, blinking harshly as he stared at the bloodied bandages.
“Basically!” popped Steve, who played into the joke, “I can play CandyCrush on the treadmill every morning so he gets sex every night - that’s just how it goes, Buck.”
Bucky couldn’t take it. His head was pounding, and he was practically shaking, “Shut the fuck up, Stark. Shut the fuck up, you don’t-- you don’t even know anything about him! I’m the one who grew up with him, I was there for him when he wasn’t Captain America so you can shut up!”
It was gone. His hand disappeared, and he lost his footing, falling backwards. Pain stung through his shoulder before spreading through the rest of his body, blood matting his side as he fell into the darkness.
“I can’t believe I--” Bucky continued, “Steve must be so upset, I’m… I just can’t do this, alright?!” He jerked into an upright position. The pain was nothing. It meant nothing to him. He grabbed his shoulder and pitched forward with every nerve in his body yelling at him, “Do you know how hard it is? It’s like I don’t even know my best friend any more! You all, you all are so close! There are children in this Tower, there is a child!”
It wasn’t him who wanted to hurt Peter. It was them. All of them. They wanted to hurt Peter and him. They wanted to keep Bucky from getting to Steve. Steve needed him, that’s why Captain was barking, and he still couldn’t see him. It was all other people, a crowd-- he backed up several steps until he hit a wall, still holding his arm out. That’s when Captain came out of nowhere and sat in front of him, barking at the shadows until they disappeared.
Steve would argue on his behalf (of course he did). He would remind his family that Bucky was a part of it, but the Winter Soldier knew better. He stared at his metallic arm and flexed his fingers as he listened to the chaos behind him: Rhodey’s “You’re getting so big!!”s atop Steve’s echoes of “Do you wanna say ‘dada’? ‘Dada’, ‘wawa’, come on, Petey--” and Tony reminding them, “He’s gonna be helping me in the lab before he starts talking, bet me on it.”
When his gaze raised to the hospital-style bed, he found it hard to look directly at his friend’s face. Instead, his eyes lingered on censors, tubes, the screens, and the bloodied bandage that covered the shoulder where he tore off his own…
Bucky brought his head up, “Steve? Is Steve okay?” He pet Captain and stared into Rhodey's eyes.
Tony scoffed, “Oh, absolutely not…” He froze and looked between his husband and the baby that was drooling on his hand. Tony always said “no”. He was convinced he would never want to look at that specific sketchbook.
Steve wanted him to be his best friend like he always was. He wanted him to be an uncle to his child and an integral part of his family. Tony wanted him to be in his family’s life. He wanted him to be an Avenger and stand beside Steve as a symbol of good.
And all Bucky could manage was a slow, “Thank you… thank you all.” He looked at everyone’s faces, not finding the same paranoia and malice he had felt before. And through the kitchen, he walked and knelt down in front of the dog. His dog. This was all for him. He put a hand on either side of the canine’s face and started moving his fingers through thick fur.
“If that ain’t one thing that’s always been the same…” Steve shook his head, “Oh, Bucky, we’ll have to sit down and talk all about it ‘cause don’t get me wrong, people are getting better with certain things, helping others… but--”
Wanda seemed to hear ‘Romani’ above everything else and corrected Steve, “Bucky can call himself whatever he wants, it’s you who can’t call us the ‘g’ word any more.” She reached up to poke Steve’s jaw, “But Bucky, I would love to talk to you about that at some point, Pietro and I were kidnapped by Hydra--” She boldly declared, “And our father is a mutant overlord so Steve helps us with the Jewish part of our heritage and we’d love to talk to fellow Romani.”
Steve had presumed if they agreed to have kids, they would simply adopt, and when finding out Tony never bothered getting his uterus removed since he was so content after his top surgery, he left it completely up to him if that was something he was comfortable with. Even when Tony begged for someone to have an opinion on the situation, no one would tell Tony what he should do. Not even Rhodey or Pepper would take a side on whether he should have kids at all, let alone if he should get pregnant.
Bucky couldn’t see beyond that. All he could manage was the bare minimum, and he didn’t know how he would ever live up to the Avengers’ expectations. Redemption was a lie. He would never change or do anything worth living another day.
Bucky gawked at the pair, amazed to hear that they had an ‘Asgardian’ wedding planned later this year… whatever that meant… maybe he should ask… but first, “I don’t need to be sang to and I don’t drink… anymore...”
It was slowly that Bucky was realizing that all the things he knew about these people had been from eavesdropping. He didn’t often… talk to them or interact at all, but they were all so willing to interact with him. A pang of guilt hit his heart, and he stopped Thor before the two could leave the counter, “Hey, are you two engaged?”
Eventually, Steve swiped the newborn away, “Don’t you all think this is a little much?” He chuckled and found his way to Tony’s bed. He didn’t try to hand Peter over, instead resting the child on his chest, “I’ll get the crowd out of here-- I’m sure the both of you want to rest.”
“Nothing… nothing’s wrong with him, just…”
Peter squirmed against his father. When not freed to play with the puppy or see his uncle, crying was the next, natural response. It started with whimpers and sniffles but ended with hiccups and whining.
That had to be the icing on the cake made of nausea, body aches, an uncontrollable bladder, and every restless night. Tony was convinced he hated being pregnant and would never do it again. His husband respected his feelings, his friends validated them, and yet, he envied the ability to be pregnant and not feel such self-hatred.
Bucky hadn’t realized he was sitting on the ground with Peter in his lap until the last shadow was gone. Captain’s barks subsided. At least Steve was okay, he figured, while he panted with his arm still extended. The dog turned to face him and took a few steps. Unlike the rest of them, she wasn’t scared of his hand. She stepped forward, pushing her head into his touch.
That had to be worth something, right?
Soon enough, their awkward kisses turned into more with their bodies pressed together, hands roaming, and what Bucky called ‘their first time’ where he was sprawled out beneath Steve and panting. He didn't recall doing much besides swaying together for hours, but those hours were one of his favorite memories.
Steve paused his words and shifted around to the other side of the bed, away from his injured arm. He squeezed onto the bed with the other super soldier with one arm diving beneath his shoulders. He shifted and cuddled up to him.
It was Steve and Tony Stark. With their baby that was learning to toddle before talking.
Everyone wanted him to be something he couldn’t be.
“Functioning labels are bull, let me tell you, and I’m really passionate about this, ‘cause it’s all about how well you fool people without autism into believing you don’t have it and what you can contribute to them or if you’re rich. Rich people, back in the day, didn’t get called ‘autistic’ ‘cause that was a poor person’s ‘disease’,” The disdain was clear in his voice.
Their relationship grew as they did with awkward kisses, hand holding, and even the occasional movie date where Bucky would yawn and stretch his arm over his best friend. It escalated further when the Barnes’ family was able to afford a car that Bucky learned to drive in a matter of weeks. This opened an entire world up for the two young men.
“He’s fine, babe. He woke up for a little bit, pretty exhausted, so I’ll work on the new arm later,” He reached up to stroke Steve’s sides before continuing, “You know it won’t take me that long when I get started.”
The next day they were ready to leave.
Thinking back at to the breakfast that morning and the THING Thor had accidentally revealed to him, made Tony rethink the whole Steve-flirting-with-him-Theory. But surely that hadn’t been flirting?!
“So… what’s for dinner?” Clint asked after a moment.
Just as everyone on the boat hid away from the sun and settled into bed, Steve finally made his way out of his bed and went downstairs to find the house empty. Looking out on the ocean, he remembered the boat trip they had all planned together and felt another surge of guilt. He needed to find a way to fix this and quickly. Those people were everything he had in this world and he was damned if one outburst, one moment of utter stupidity was the reason he lost them.
Neither of them noticed Bruce and Natasha looking back and forth between them.
“You look magnificent!” Thor exclaimed with a bright smile. Steve could only agree.
“But that’s impossible!”
Steve laughed and finished his drawing. This was going to the permanent collection.
Bucky’s eyes were fixed on Steve and narrowed ever so slightly upon hearing his name.
“I’m sorry. I-I shouldn’t have done that. He’s your friend. Not mine. I should have just stayed out of it. I just-“ Before he could dive headfirst into a full blown panic ramble, Steve finally got off the bed and pulled Tony into a kiss. His worries melted immediately in Steve’s arms and for the first time in weeks he truly allowed himself to relax.
(See the end of the chapter for
The god nodded enthusiastically, seemingly very proud of himself.
Natasha couldn’t help herself and started laughing. “Seriously? Man, no wonder you didn’t get laid in the 40s.”
The knocking from the assault ram on the door seized and instead three shots could be heard from outside, no doubt dislodging the hinges of the door. Abandoning his plan to jump out over the balcony, Bucky ran full speed against the door, taking three men on the other side down. Disarming the other two, he stated sprinting down the stairs, no doubt he had more than one alternative escape route planned for just such an occasion.
Clint lifted a small Labrador puppy out of the box, a huge grin plastered on his face.
“He is not-“
Because another thing she would never admit was that she actually liked Tony. Sure, he used to be vain and self-absorbed, used to drive everyone crazy with his snide remarks and cocky attitude, but he had become more to her, to all of them. Because as it turns out Tony Stark not only has a heart, but a great one at that. After the battle of New York, he not only remodelled the Stark Tower for all of them to live in, he also made sure they felt at home here. It was the small things, like that way he designed their rooms, tailored specifically to their personality. Or how he constantly improved their gear, how he made sure everyone’s comfort food was always ready and stocked. He played prank wars with Clint, tried his best to teach Thor about this world, made Bruce feel safe and calm, he let her steal his t-shirt and even helped her loot the other’s closets. Tony Stark was a good man and she’d be damned if someone hurt him.
Tony stared at her open mouthed. After all these years he should know better than to be surprised by her incredible efficiency, and yet she never failed to amaze him.
Precisely ten minutes later the team had assembled in the briefing room. Clint was still in his pyjamas, his head resting on the table. The others only looked scarcely more awake than the archer, but at least they were dressed.
“Who… who made that?” Thor asked.
The blond soldier looked up from his masterpiece at Tony. “Well that depends. Have you been a good boy?”
“But why?” He asked.
“Yeah we figured as much.” Bruce mumbled.
Not wasting any time, Steve practically flew down the stairs and just caught a glimpse of Bucky disappearing into an apartment three floors below. Judging by the absence of screams, Steve assumed that the tenants were either not home, or this was a planed escape route and Bucky had rented that place as well as the one they just came from. Following suit, Steve saw Bucky jumping out over the balcony, landing on the opposite roof. There he picked up his rucksack and ran full speed away from the building behind him.
“Got him, Cap.”
“What are you doing here?”
“You knew and didn’t say something.”
Instead of smiling at Tony, Steve did some weird thing with his lips, basically baring his teeth at Tony. Every time Tony looked him in the eyes, Steve stared at him for a second, eyes bulging, before he jerked his head around and looked the complete opposite way and when he actually did hold eye contact, he almost squeezed them shut completely closed. His version of a brief and light conversation was him asking “Do you like the food?” and then, before Tony could even answer properly, turning away again to talk to someone else. But the worst thing was probably the body language. Steve sat in his chair, legs spread as wide as he could and when he returned from the toilet he stood right in front of Tony with his hands on his hips, which Nat could only imagine was his implementation of an “open stance” and “turning his body towards Tony”. Nat was horrified. And it took quite a lot to horrify her, she took pride in that.
No one reached for their drinks and there was a moment of silent.
“I know how to play.“ Steve protested, but no one seemed to listen to him.
Tony disappeared back into the fort, the others right behind him.
Steve stepped out behind Clint. “Language! But yeah.”
“I’m upset I didn’t come up with this.” Clint added.
After the painting party, Steve actually managed to get both of Tony’s and Bruce’s hands and one of Clint’s feet, they all had dinner together in the kitchen. Bruce had cooked some sort of Caribbean dish that Steve never heard of but very much enjoyed. He always enjoyed Bruce’s cooking and so did everyone else. Thor especially. The man was eating for ten.
He slammed his drink down onto the table and got up. “You know what, I think the night is over.” His voice hard and cold. Without a second glance at her, or anyone else, he went upstairs.
But it was for a good cause, right? He was helping to keep his country safe.
Tony was lying in bed, splayed out like a starfish on his stomach, his upper body was naked and maybe the rest of it too, but the blanket covered the lower half of his body. Steve couldn’t see his face, but he knew what it looked like when Tony was asleep. It was the only time the inventor looked calm and not like he was thinking of a million things at once.
Tony raised an eyebrow at the kid and picked up his book again to hide his smile. He was glad that Aunt May still insisted on Peter working in the shop, even though, or maybe because, the kid was such a chaotic but lovable dumbass.
Steve stepped out of the shower, rubbing his hair dry with an impossibly fluffy towel, a second one wrapped around his waist. He took a look in the mirror to check the cut on his lip from the battle. Thanks to the serum it was almost completely healed and usually he would be pleased about it, but it upset Steve that the rest of the team wasn’t as lucky as him. They didn’t have some super serum in their blood to heal them, so it was his job to keep them safe.
And off they went. Tony was very much aware of the fact that Steve was only going about half the speed he was capable of and he was also very aware of the Captain’s ass right in front of him. He tried his best to keep up with Steve, while at the same time trying not to die. It wasn’t like Tony was unfit, but it was nothing compared to the super-soldier.
“Right boys, last one. Never have I ever fantasised about a team mate.”
Bruce blinked, lost for words. “That… that’s… thank you!” He pulled Thor into a hug, which really meant something, since Bruce never ever hugged anyone.
“I don’t understand how this is any of your concern. There is no
Steve was sure he was going to die of embarrassment, when Tony, his hair still wet from the shower, made his way back downstairs to the middle floor, where he and the others were sitting on the sundeck. The sly grin on his face seemed to melt his insides and then there was that certain twinkle in Tony’s eyes, making him blush to his roots, which in turn made Tony grin even more. Steve sunk a bit lower in his chair, as if that would hide him from those dark brown eyes. Maybe he should have stayed upstairs and pretended to be unwell for the day. Or maybe next time he walks out of the bathroom he makes sure not to run groin first into one of his teammates.
“I call the shark!” Natasha called out and grabbed the inflatable shark and one of the pool noodles.
Well that wasn't entirely the case in the Avengers Tower. In fact, there were a lot of things stirring; Clint, Natasha, Bruce and Thor were decorating a 4m Christmas tree (and each other) while two floors above them, Steve and Tony had their first fight. First fight as a couple that is. God knows they had more than a few rows back when they were just team-mates.
“If you tell me you’ve got a plan, I’ll kick you again.”
“Well yeah. Thirs-tea. Because it’s a tea shop.”
So, he kept going, kept inventing and kept drinking. And then Afghanistan happened. And him finding out about Obidiah happened. And Tony finally decided that being the head of a multi-billion weapons company was not his future. Signing the company over to Pepper wasn’t nearly as difficult as he thought it would be and neither was finding something else to do with all of his spare time and money.
Just as Steve attempted to have another light and brief conversation with Tony, in which he asked the other man if he preferred flathead or cross screwdrivers, Clint leaned over to Natasha. “Is he having a stroke?”
“Shit,” Clint says, “She’s here early.”
Worlds Figure Skating Championships
A couple of people drop by; old judges, with more white than grey in their hair. Howard waves all of them away. “I’m sorry, we must get going, my son and I have things to talk about.”
Peggy and Clint exchange glances knowingly.
“That’s the plan,” Steve says, relieved the conversation is ending.
Clint gasps. “You wound me.”
“I’m sure he’s fine, Nat. He’s...Stark. He always figures it out.”
They had to be two different people. Perhaps even two different species.
Steve sighs and pulls out a piece of paper from his sketchbook. His pencil moves itself across the page. The rough outlines of a body materialize. It’s the picture of a skater with their arms above their head in the middle of a jump. You can’t tell from looking, but it’s a triple axle, the hardest of the triple jumps because really, it’s three and a half rotations in the air. The form of the skater is impeccable. He holds himself in a way that says ‘I will land’ before his blade touches the ice again. Steve’s vaguely aware of who he’s sketching.
“They’re good,” She says casually looking out of the windows. “Clint made them. The least you could do is try them.”
“How does she even hear that?” Steve mutters under his breath.
Then there’s Stark, who’s not quite like anyone else, and skates like he doesn’t give a fuck about the sport. His programs are just jump after jump after jump. (The annoying thing is, it works well ninety percent of the time.)
