to leave him. That this was still part of the ridiculous mindset he’d subjected Steve to for the last few weeks-
Oh, he really hoped that Steve was just okay with all of this. That he’d actually wanted to do it, that he really
“Thank you, for… everything you’ve done for him,” Steve carried on, “You don’t even know… just how much all of this means…”
“The same way I know things Natasha,” Steve sighed, “and I can’t tell you how. Some things you just can’t ever tell people - I know you understand that.”
And Steve just sort of… dissolved with it, for a moment. He didn’t know whether he’d actually passed out, or just been out of it. But there were a few minutes – he would never know how many – where Steve just floated on his feeling, his vision blotted by purple clouds now, his head just
“...I said ‘hey’?” Nat frowned… but that tone was still there. That simmer of irritation, pulling beneath the actual words.
On closer inspection, it looked more like a fire door - a solid, wrought iron structure with no handle on the outside.
“I’m not even sure how she did it,” Steve smiled, self-consciously. “She asked if I was interested, I said not really, she said fine… and here we are,” he shrugged. Tony laughed.
There was no tension left in him anywhere. Eventually the dead weight of his body overbalanced, falling against Tony’s chest.
Bucky recognised that general feeling of simply being glad that Sam was here. There might be no right answer to this, but Bucky was sure that, no matter how tired and possibly high Sam was right now, he’d still find
you were thinking, I didn’t bother to… assess that, I guess. I didn’t bother to look and realise that… you’re not bad at
many mornings after. Mornings after he’d said too much. Mornings after he’d gotten too emotional. Mornings after he’d been too enthusiastic, or too obsessed on one topic, or too over the top with his language… The creeping shame the next day was always the same. The uneasiness of not understanding his own actions, not remembering exactly how he got there. Even if he hadn’t done anything destructive or said anything embarrassing or shared anything that people didn’t already know… he’d still feel that nakedness of having said something he just wouldn’t have said. The lack of control, the lack of ownership of his own mind, or body, or something.
As it was, there was only that little ring of melancholy, as Steve observed the sadness for a Tony he could never make it right with…
word. Taking something from a horrible language that he’d only heard spoken by the man he hated most, and applying it to
Again, the shame flared up before his mind could find the memory - and only grew hotter, once he did.
“But God Tony, if I’d known it would’ve mattered, if I’d ever thought you needed anyone to stand up for you, if I’d thought it would mean anything coming from
A sharp cry fell over his lips, his hips snapping up against Tony’s hand. A searing pleasure raced through him, so intense and so sudden that it made his lungs burn. There was a flush of something like shame – something he liked. Something forbidden and shocking and compelling. Something he wanted to push back against.
know what to say, and… then another day would go by and I hadn’t made a decision, and then it had been so long, and I knew you’d ask why I hadn’t told you before, and… I don’t really know what I thought would happen in the end. That, if we found Bucky, if I could explain it right, after it was over, I don’t know…”
sensation. A feeling that kept threatening to burst out of him, there was just so much of it. Steve grinned, shamelessly, as he watched this group of Varians hanging off of Tony’s every word. His skin flushed as he thought about how especially lovely Tony looked, with his eyes glowing under the light of the lanterns, his hair flecked with gold…
hate that thing people do. I do hate the fact that… that way every mistake feels like such a big deal, and it does feel like it’s different for me… That was true. And I’m kind of embarrassed anyway, but… I
His daytime thoughts were already slipping away from him, a new normal coming into form, making the real world seem strange and distant… But Steve could still remember himself enough to appreciate the novelty of this. The total security and exhilarating abandon that came with surrendering like this.
Nat’s sentence was cut short with a startled gasp, as the repulsor blast lit up the air around them. The wall exploded into dust, leaving a clean, round gap.
, or… Something. Something that I know is strange, even though it didn’t feel strange. Something that just didn’t seem to go with the situation, however you want to view it. And I can’t explain it - or why it doesn’t bother me more, that I can’t explain it…”
There was a sudden commotion from the other end of the bar. They both looked over in unison, to see an enthusiastic server standing on top of it, waving for the patrons’ attention. Steve felt the chatter around them simmer to a hush.
He could hear him pacing, his bare feet occasionally padding past the bedroom door on his erratic tours of the suite – Steve could picture him doing it. Walking in sharp, jagged patterns, gesticulating as though he was explaining the theories to an audience in his head. Sometimes running his one hand through his hair, so that it all cascaded into his eyes again…
kind of a gesture… And God, he was pretty… “Actually, thinking about it… Maybe it was that Nat made me promise I wouldn’t ever wear sweatshirts…”
felt from how Tony was. Steve was thrilled to discover Tony wanted him, he was genuinely carrying less tension in his shoulders, he had a hundred wonderful memories he would’ve loved to fall into… But it was all secondary to what he felt for Tony. The memory of Tony collapsing against him, or the pain in his eyes when he was was telling that story, or the fact that he’d
He bucked up against Tony, sharp and hard, blindsided by the wave of pleasure that surged through him afterwards-
pushed flush against Steve, the gentle press of his lips to the side of Steve’s face… the bite of something metallic against Steve’s palm, surrounded by the softness of Tony’s hand, closing around his… the ghost of Tony’s breath against Steve’s ear as he whispered
, in a world that offered such pure and pleasant experiences. To appreciate the simple joy of looking at something so lovely.
At least Steve had tried to reach out. He’d written a letter, and sent a phone… and Tony had never once thought about calling it. He’d never even thought about sending a text – not even about the things he
sorry, because I’ve been far too hard on you – actually, because I’ve been a total ass to you, basically since you’ve got here-”
He ran his hands over Steve’s chest, pushing his shirt over his shoulders, as Steve sat up just enough to help him, exactly in tune with Tony’s movement.
“Oh, because I have a plan,” Tony remembered, glancing at Rhodey. “Well… I had a plan… half a plan, maybe…”
Tony was astounded by how quickly they were at the top of the stairs again – just how easily Steve could pull Tony’s weight after him, how fucking
“I feel like I just won a Stark in an arcade game,” Bucky muttered, as Tony collapsed in a cross legged position… right next to Steve…
The Avengers were all still strangers to one another then, and all from a completely different time to Steve. They ate that meal while Steve was still reeling from the greatest loss he’d ever known -
The tenderness in Tony’s voice as he reassured him… Steve couldn’t even remember the words, now. Just that warm, gentle melody…
happy. They have already attained a peace and a contentment – the satisfaction I wrongly believed that material gain could bring me, because of what I had been taught… I found myself, honestly and completely at peace, for the first time in my life. All because of the effect of this world and the perspective it offered. And, as a result of this new perspective, I realised… I wanted to share this thing. Not for profit, not for gain of any kind… I wanted everyone to feel what I felt. I changed. I stopped researching what would make me rich, and I started looking into what would make the world better… If Earth had the same eco system as Anni Vara, Earth would be better. You know that.”
with what he wanted to do with Steve. That just because it was the same ‘act’, sort of, didn’t mean it was the same thing. That what Obie did was unwanted, and violent, and motivated by a desire for control and his own self-gratification – that Tony wasn’t like him, for thinking this way now.
...And he sort of knew that there would come a point, pretty soon, when there was no putting it right.
All of which would have made Steve feel much better… Except that he was still scared to death of what was going to happen.
would then lead to a giddy rush of nervous hope, as Steve began to think about how that might look with Tony – as he found he
now, whatever reasons he still had to be mad at him - there was no way that Tony cared what Steve thought of
Steve got that same uncomfortable, tight feeling in his ribs. He didn’t know if he was remembering it, or if he just felt like that every time he thought of Tony – but he was sure he didn’t like it..
He didn’t even know who he was jealous of – Tony, for having that easy charm, or the women he was talking to… Because Tony was smiling at them.
the beauty and perfection of Steve Rogers. The chance to just gaze at him. The chance to touch him, and taste him, and feel him move.
say this thing, and Tony would listen, and would be understanding, and try to be fair, and not let it change everything that had happened… Thinking that, maybe, it
have pages and pages of historical figures who wanted him dead. That he might actually have a pile of books written by people who thought he was interesting – people who wouldn’t have been frightened to approach him, people who would have been happy to live among people like him for no other reason than to see what it was like. Finding the same pile of evidence had somehow shifted before his very eyes, this thing he’d been looking right at, and yet…
like the view, like this… Tony kneeling over him, his thighs tensing in desperation, moving against Steve in time with his increasingly frantic panting… Steve indulged in it for as long as he could bare to, until that low ache had tightened into a sharp pain-
Did it matter what sort of outfit he would’ve chosen for a date, if he’d been a different person entirely?
The air in the room seemed heavier, like the sound of the door closing had echoed more slowly through the aftermath of that awful story. Tony swallowed down a sour taste of anger and shame, and he let it settle inside him. He let the vague sense of injustice concentrate itself into a sharp, hard determination. They’d stop this from happening. They had to.
And it had been such a regular, run of the mill dilemma – wanting to be thoughtful, and prepared, versus not wanting to come over as needy or a total hick. He’d decided against it, actually. At the last minute, he’d decided it was over the top.
Steve could feel his shoulders tightening, as the simmering sense of outrage began to solidify into words.
to talk about themselves. And sometimes it’s harder to explain the problem to other people than it is to just deal with it yourself – I get all that. But, just so you know, I’m not just going to sit here while you get more and more worked up, and act weirder and weirder, and not say anything. You are getting to the stage where ‘I don’t want to talk about it’ won’t fly, my friend.”
“Yeah, sorry, you surprised me,” he muttered, shaking his head. Trying to bring himself back into the real world, trying to remember
term, we should probably think about what we’re doing with these files you want to copy, and what comes after SHIELD, and what the hell we do about that alien invasion we’re expecting some time in the spring…” Tony rambled, like it was nothing more than a concluding remark-
Tony had, in fact, spent the entire flight, happily reliving every moment he’d spent with Steve in the last few weeks…
mayhem, I assure you,” Tony grinned, his hands still caressing gently on Steve’s hips. Steve’s smile broke into a giggle, his entire body warming with affection as Tony carried on, “For a start, I was thinking that there were probably more of those old pages in my dad’s stuff, if I bothered to look for them - and I was right!” Tony gestured, proudly, to an untidy pile of yellow papers on the desk nearest to them. “And some of them have some readable notes on them - which, okay, don’t really mean anything to me yet,
So far, every specialist they’d spoken to had been an ass – each in their own special way. There was the guy who just pulled Bucky’s arm around like a piece of equipment, in spite of numerous reminders that it was attached to him. Then there was the woman who continued to ask
Steve had never thought about where things could go with Tony. He’d always stopped himself from thinking altogether, when that question threatened to occur to him – because he just knew he wouldn’t like the answer. That was the basic assumption he’d been operating under all this time. That it was going to hurt like hell to give Tony up, but that obviously he’d have to… That he’d just have to deal with that loss when it happened. That there was no point dwelling on it now.
” He felt Steve’s fingers hit his prostate, every nerve in his body lighting up, and then every sensation being dragged down through him, concentrating in his hips, this compulsive, wonderful hunger for more-
“Urg, I should shower,” Tony groaned, wearily, clearly coming to the same realisation Steve just had. And then, as he pushed himself up, he casually added, “you can stay, if you want to go back to sleep, or have a shower here, or whatever…”
. Something outside of all the standards and labels and expectations he’d ever set himself – but not actually contrary to any them. Nothing that he thought was immoral or dangerous or selfish; not now that he knew Tony wanted this, that Tony
Instead, he balled his hands into fists, squeezing as hard as he could in a bid to expel some of this energy. With nothing else to fall back on, Steve tried his best to think what the hell Captain America would do with a situation like this-
And then he saw Tony soften just slightly, his head dropping gently as he smiled his acceptance. The tiniest gesture, the faintest little sound, but Steve felt it cut right to the core of him. His body tensed upwards involuntarily, his heart kicking hard against his ribs, his cock throbbing painfully against his stomach.
He was taller than Tony, and broad, a layer of dense fat sitting stoically over what were probably pretty strong muscles. Out of shape, but still physically imposing-
He let his hand rest on the sweep of Tony’s hip, his eyes coming to rest on the shape of Tony’s cock, pressed hard and wet to his stomach…
And, okay, most relationships don’t require quite so much angst and longing and soul searching and regret and revelation before they even
He let go of a little breath that he didn’t know he was holding. He could hear it echoing in the space between them.
Tony dropped his shoulders, letting Steve push his shirt down over his arms. Steve thought of the line of Tony’s back, the curve of his waist, the smooth expanses of soft skin-
Tony everything - that much was obvious. Steve would have to explain that he was a vampire, and that he was very sorry for not telling him sooner… And that he couldn’t be sure if it had an effect on the people he loved, or so much as
Although, he had to say ‘apparently’, because even as he was screeching to a halt in front of the building, he couldn’t really remember the drive over.
“I should warn you though, this is especially strong, and not recommended for inexperienced drinkers.”
After all those hours of relentless analysis, Tony’s mind simply fell silent. The mood swings simmered down into a gentle, pleasant numbness. His heartbeat slowed.
Steve grinned again and took another mouthful. He quite liked that Valkyrie had given them a gift for their vacation… And, although even Asgardian liquors did little for him, and the buzz tended to wear off quickly, there was something quite nice about being able to ‘have a drink’ right now. Simply being able to partake in the ritual of it, to experience one of those small moments that other people took for granted – things that, up until recently, Steve had assumed simply weren’t for him…
He sank back down into the dent he’d made on the couch, while Rhodey picked his way through the debris littering the workshop.
Nick put a defence together, hastily putting his thoughts in order as he shifted into the right posture. Steve was glad.
When he thought about telling Pepper any of this, he could only imagine her being frustrated and frightened by it…
– what does that say, really? But my brother said that, once the humans had been here using Varian slaves, and conducting this research, then we could tell the Council it had all been them all along. My Mum said, if we ‘took care of’ the workers, so that there was no one to contradict it, then the Council would just think that everything was the human’s fault – that we could take credit for stopping them.”
Not to mention having to worry that he’d alienated Nat and the rest of his new team - and probably made them all feel very uncomfortable all week, come to that.
“Would you like a blanket?” Someone asked from behind the couch, in a friendly, casual tone of voice. Steve glanced up to see a Varian woman with a polite expression on her face, offering him one of the fleecy throw blankets that decorated some of the chairs.
Of course he was sad that he would never again know the simple confidence and excited novelty of his youth. Of course there was a part of him that was harmlessly jealous to think of where that Bucky was going, what adventures he and another Steve Rogers had to look forward to, what things they were about to discover for the first time…
“I meant to ask…I, uh, didn’t mean to invite myself along to all of this, last time…” Steve started, sounding awkward again. “I mean… we’re both just really grateful for what you’re doing, and the fact that you’re happy to have me here if Bucky’s having surgery is… another kindness, so I just – if you’d rather me not be here the rest of the time-”
He looked terrible. Almost pale enough to blend into his surroundings, save for the dark circles that Steve could see under his eyes, even from here. His hair hung limp and greasy around his face, and if it weren’t for the eerily metronomic tapping of his foot on the floor, Steve would’ve worried he was actually dead… And then his eyes caught a movement on the walkway just below Andrews cell.
Oh yeah. Steve had such wonderful, strong arms, and being held in them was such an exhilarating, safe feeling, unlike anything else in the world…
There was nothing this was remotely like, no point of reference… there was no way this could be described with words that had been used to talk about other things…
he loved Bucky, and just how important that was. It was every bit as much as he loved Tony… just in an entirely different way.
One box at a time he’d tidied away the turmoil, and felt slightly better with each square foot of cleared space. Slowly, the workshop became less oppressive. The more frightening thoughts ebbed away, until they finally sank back into the darkness of his subconscious and allowed his daytime thoughts to return to… ‘normal’.
have plans for this new world, and his place in it. Even if he acknowledged that he’d have to be flexible, and even if he allowed other people to shape it… it would be
And then the third mouthful didn’t hurt quite so much, and there was a rush of shapeless elation as his body recognised a change.
“Uh, yeah, sure, why not,” Bucky shrugged, before he’d really thought about the question. It was only after he’d said yes that he realised… he
And he carried on smiling, as he learned more banal facts about the lab work and test parameters and the process for separating plasma. Growing ever more confident of the objective, clinical nature of it - until, without even realising it, he was slotting everything into that scientific framework.
like that, or if there was a specific goal I could keep in mind… But if it was a complicated thing, or I wasn’t sure – but, especially if it was a
By now, the steam had started to clear from the bathroom mirror, leaving mottled patterns of grey and silver that Steve had to look through to see his reflection…
And then Steve glanced up. He managed a self-aware little smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes, and a shake of his head,
And, apparently, that started with him being nervous about talking to a group of people that he’d been barking orders at fifteen minutes ago.
Even that horrible moment in Siberia, when Steve’s entire world came crashing down around him, when he was still reeling in shock and confusion and a lot of guilt, still, he’d tried to keep his wits about him. And yes, he had said some stupid things, and he would always wish he hadn’t frozen like that when Tony asked him if he knew - but he’d
And, of course, she could simply have banged the glasses down in an attempt to get their attention. She might be refusing to look at them because she didn’t want anyone to see them talking. It would’ve made sense.
“Well, I guess that’s the gamble I’m taking, pushing this idea on you,” Rhodey conceded. “But I gotta tell you, I think the odds are in my favour here.”
God, he hadn’t realised just how angry he was… How angry he’d been for a long, long time. He’d been repressing that impulse more than any other, telling himself again and again that he mustn’t react emotionally, that he had to put himself aside, that there were more important things to worry about-
He pulled Tony in by the hips, and Tony melted into him, humming happily. And this wasn’t the emotional climax of earlier, this wasn’t an earth shattering, life-changing kiss in the way the first one had been-
that Steve must stand by his every action, that his every deed would perfectly reflect his views and his character and his feelings for Tony…
Immediately, Tony’s jaw clenched with a particular sort of indignation. He let go of a slow breath through his nose as he began the walk into his suite, trying to let go of the tension in the same way he relinquished his suit to the flank of bots.
a beautiful man, of course, and also much bigger in real life… But looking at him just didn’t have the same bodily impact on Tony. Maybe it was because Barnes did at least look like his photographs…
Which, from a purely strategic perspective, was probably a good thing. The longer Dr Stape spent making excuses and explaining his backstory, the longer the others had to find them-
, Steve had just reached into the very deepest part of him, and grabbed hold of something so deeply rooted it was part of his genetic make-up…A perspective and a defence that were so well established, it was like the rest of him had been built on those foundations. This one
So he bit his lip harder, and forced a slow breath out through his nose, and glanced up at Bucky. Trying to think of something sensible to say instead-
But, Jesus, either of those would’ve been better than getting drunk and childishly demanding that Tony reassure
Those risks would probably be fewer, if the rest of The Avengers were here. That moral obligation would be shared, if not lessened, if they called their superiors and followed correct protocol. But, even as Tony was thinking that, a whole
And, now that Steve was allowing those excited, impatient daydreams of the future, he couldn’t protect himself from the voices that were inextricably wrapped up with them-
But as it continued growing hotter, Steve realised he was more than just reassured by that statement…
“No, Steve, I am,” Tony insisted. “I’ve had so many things wrong, and I’ve made so many mistakes. Not even just with you… But I’m going to change things, I am. And I’m sorry I’ve been screwing you around for weeks now, that I’ve not – I love you, and that’s all I care about, and I want to be with you, and things will be better, I promise.”
Steve caught the flash of honest excitement and innocent joy in Tony’s expression, before he had a chance to cover himself. He could still see the shadow of it in the performative demeanor Tony adopted when he answered, in a mock nonchalant tone,
“Oh, Tony, Jesus fuck, oh, oh God-” Steve babbled, clenching around Tony’s fingers, grabbing desperately at the back of Tony’s head-
There were only a few scarce details, of course - that was an integral part of this plan. And Steve knew that Nick wouldn’t be able to take much in, while they were still in the middle of this confrontation… But he’d already have an impression. If Steve was doing this right, the horrible truth would be starting to dawn on Nick, coming further into focus with every ominous line he caught…
He was so beautiful. Fragile and brave and so very real - right there where Steve could reach out and touch him… It was like he brought everything back into focus.
Because, otherwise, he was left with this awkward silence, and a bunch of filler questions about this mission.
. Steve responded instinctively, coming to a patient pause under Tony’s hand. With the most subtle of gestures, Tony bid him,
A total, primal terror consumed Steve so quickly that he didn’t have a chance to fight it. Every thought in his head was immediately blotted out by the blinding focus on that one word.
that they’d never share those particular formative experiences… It was that she wouldn’t be that person yet. She would be younger than the Nat Steve was thinking of, she would have so much less life experience, she would be so much closer to the traumatic past that Steve had watched her leave behind…
At this very moment, a warm smile and a professional nod was about as much as Tony could’ve managed for anyone… but he hoped he’d seen a little flicker of recognition in her eyes, before she smiled back. She could always read him as well as anyone.
Two months of remembering the warmth of Steve’s lips and the taste of his skin and the overwhelming strength in his arms…
“Oh,” Tony breathed, so quietly that he was sure Steve couldn’t have heard it. He was flooded with a vulnerability every bit as pure and as impactful as when Steve had intervened between he and Nick-
conversation with Steve. Which wasn’t to say that he’d had anything against the idea… It had just never really occurred to him. He had never bothered to think what the specific appeal might be.
already knows that. If you think about it, its obvious. I mean… Like when Nat tried to fire one of the repulsors at Tony’s house, and she said it felt like having her arm blown off…” And, of course, he looked up at Nat when he made the observation…
somewhat nostalgic. Tony even recognised the petulant expression that started to form when Galileo directed them to take their seats - first Rhodey, then Tony, then Pepper, then Nat, then Bruce… It wasn’t until he was in his place, looking down on the rest of the room, that Tony realised how exposed this arrangement left them - how much harder it would be to talk to one another, sitting in a line like this…
Steve stilled immediately, coming to a somewhat tense rest against the bed. Tony felt a heat bloom up inside him, watching Steve pinned by a single word from him-
They’d barely made it into the room before Zan snapped the door shut behind them, both falling into combat stance immediately – an instinct triggered whenever they were closed into any room. But they both relaxed when they realised, they really were just in an empty office. A sad, functional little space, with a standard office desk and a computer, and a tall filing cabinet gathering dust in the corner.
“Don’t worry, I’m not going to hit you, or fuck you – even though I’ve had plenty of fantasies about both, over the years” Tony told him, his voice still rich and full and… him.
Perhaps it was just that he’d grown desensitised to these fears. After all, there were only so many times he could ask himself what was normal before it started to feel normal to ask. There was only so much anxiety he could generate for the same memory, once he’d watched it a thousand times. Even if the thoughts were as horrible as they’d ever been, there was only so horrible he could feel about it.
it moving as the breeze rolled over the field, bending around the people walking along the rows of flower stalls, breaking into clouds of dust… The sky above him looked almost liquid, swirling in ever expanding circles the longer he stared at it… But it was still
Tony stood at the end of that opulent, king sized bed, and watched as Steve stretched out on the soft, clean sheets, and he knew-
Zan nodded, solemnly, as Tony dropped the portal remote onto the floor. Steve swore he could see a hint of relief under her sadness.
He knew he’d just glared at it for what seemed like hours after Steve finally hung up – for long enough that his arm actually ached, when he finally got to moving it.
Bucky watched Steve fish his phone out his pocket with a weary sigh - which was such a familiar gesture that Bucky didn’t even notice it, at first.
“Please, Tony, I’m going to come, please-” Steve groaned, pulling Tony’s hair into a fist. Tony moaned in response, sucking hard against the head of Steve’s cock, his palms caressing roughly into Steve’s thighs in time with his increasing rhythm.
“I understand, you must all be tired and disoriented from the journey. I know, it can be unnerving - but I assure you, it’s perfectly safe, and the effects will wear off in a few moments.”
Those were just lines in his head, phrases he ran through like a bored child reciting the Lords Prayer for the ten thousandth time – not even bothering to think about what it meant.
Tony wasn’t able to cover his shock at that. His mouth literally fell open. And then he blinked a few times, and then screwed his face up and shook his head, before shooting Steve an outright accusatory glare and demanding,
And, okay, Steve gave himself a few moments to indulge himself in that, before he said anything else. Just being able to run Tony’s hair over his fingers, and touch the side of his face, and watch him smile.
He heard Tony laugh. He could pick it out of the general babble of the bar; he’d know that laugh anywhere. It made Steve’s chest ache. He made himself look over, and saw Tony smiling at a well-dressed young couple, his eyes alive and happy as he looked between the two women – both of whom were obviously enthralled by his attention.
And Steve would have so much liked to have stayed in that moment - at least for a little while longer.
And Steve wondered why Tony was still explaining this theory, when Steve had just said he accepted it… and he realised, it was because Tony just hadn’t expected Steve to trust him. He’d prepared all this evidence and all these arguments, because he’d
And then Steve kissed his throat again, the edge of his teeth teasing the sensitive spot at the hinge of his jaw.
He didn’t dare think about what Steve was leading up to – even though, clearly, some part of him had already worked it out-
no, and he didn’t have the cloak of inevitability to protect him? Would he ever be able to go back to his life of sad resignation, once he’d acknowledged that it wasn’t sacred or indelible?
Steve hadn’t taken in many of the details, on any of his attempts to look around - but he knew it was his favourite of all the places that he and Tony had ever met up. He liked the unfussy, log-cabin aesthetic, the worn wooden furnishings and soft fabrics and warm, low lighting… Of course, like most of the places Tony booked for them, it was secretly high end and very modern, with all the latest mod cons carefully hidden away - but it
anyone even bothered looking into what happened to ‘Howard Potts’, they would simply discover the employee record of a man who looked nothing like Steve, and find that all surveillance footage of his shift had miraculously failed to record in the first place –
there was the question of whether Steve was good for him. Whether he deserved any sort of relationship with Tony, whether what they did to each other was too harmful to continue with. Whether they were just too different to each other, if their disagreements and disappointments were symbolic of some more fundamental incompatibility – even if that wasn’t anyone’s fault. Whether Tony would always be the person chasing, never the equal partner, destined to be hurt time and again. Whether Tony should cut all ties and just move on with his life, for himself.
And there was something that felt good about that, completely aside from his personal discomfort. Like the terrified joy of breaking through the enemy’s line - knowing that he’d broken the real barrier, no matter how painful and messy the conflict beyond it.
But this clearly wasn’t an official document from the Varian government, or their courts or their police force. This was a slim, cream envelope with decorative silver edging, hand addressed in elaborate cursive-
“No, it doesn’t,” Bucky corrected him. “This thing where you think about him all the time, and get nervous about seeing him, or whatever, is not ‘anxious’ – that’s just being a normal person, for once. It’s nothing like the constant, global-scale over-thinking you do the rest of the time – that
Steve blinked, and focused his eyes on the spot where she’d been standing – and then immediately scanned the rest of the room. The nearest exit was at least a hundred feet away, so she’d either teleported out of the bar, or else she was a lot quicker than she looked…
In that instant, Tony was far more concerned by what had upset Steve than what might be wrong with the universe.
There were no conscious thoughts in his head, anymore. No words, no plans, no real awareness of what he was going to do next – he just
“My being a vampire, you mean?” Steve cut him off - for no reason other than he’d lost his patience. Pierce’s eyes widened, a flicker of a nervous smile playing out before he answered,
. It was almost nostalgic, that mundane little lift in his chest as he looked forward to spending a few hours with a friend. The simplicity of enjoying leisure time as a reward for a job well done. If he didn’t think too hard about
But, when he was free to explain and he knew Steve was listening and he meant every word… yeah, this was nice, actually.
“Uh, well - he’s a great roommate, actually,” Steve remembered aloud. “Laid back and practically minded - never panicked when the pipes burst, always had an idea for how to fix it…”
“That’s a Teo Torriatte Deacon,” Dr Arden explained. “It’s especially known for reducing feelings of fear. So, as well as the more general calm that this variety is known for, you would feel less inhibited. It can help people to process and let go of their more fundamental, long term fears, if that’s what they choose to focus on when they take it. It also has a specific effect on your perception of the world around you - things literally look and sound different when you experience them without fear.”
’, and all the horrible things it could be a euphemism for. Tony had tried to tell himself that it simply wasn’t real, that Obie had made the whole thing up to control him and to justify that perverse act of betrayal… But, obviously, the fear had never gone away. That shadowy anxiety of this unknown
, his hips jerking upwards as he forced his cock into Tony, filling him completely with one sudden, sharp thrust.
So he didn’t bother to dramatically throw himself into the couch this time, having finally figured out that it wouldn’t calm him down. Instead, he tried to make himself stand still for a moment, coming to an awkward, agitated stop in front of the fireplace. He
“And you can’t mention this to anyone, not even the tech taking your blood. They can’t know what it’s for.”
...He still didn’t feel anything about it. He still couldn’t work out what he would usually think, or say or do-
“No, I didn’t – I don’t even – I’m-” Steve babbled – until Tony put a gently finger against his lips and told him.
The only problem with any of this was that it only reminded Steve of how much he loved Tony - how determined he was that Tony was going to be happy, this time.
The unashamedly anguished moan that Tony let out might have been embarrassing, at any other time - right now, Tony’s only worry was that he couldn’t find words enough to beg. Instead, he whined desperately, his hands grabbing mindlessly in Steve’s direction even as Steve was pushing his legs apart and moving to kneel between them. Apparently two steps ahead of his brain, Tony’s
“You’ve not even had a drink yet,” he joked, as he sat down and dropped his legs into the water beside Steve’s.
He glanced down at Steve again and found that he was every bit as wrecked as Tony felt, still gulping for air, his face flushed and sweaty and streaked with tears - and lit up with pure, unashamed joy…
The vampire susceptibility to sunlight might have been exaggerated, but Tony still knew that it made Steve uncomfortable to be out during the day. So, as keen as they both were to continue their investigations, Tony had managed to convince Steve to wait until after sunset-
“Oh, yeah,” Tony nodded, “and you kept asking her why she didn’t do that before…. Which is a good question, actually…”
conversation, in which he could answer as many questions as he had to ask. A conversation he felt a part of, rather than a spectator to. Something that felt
Indulging in the flicker of needy desperation that he managed to stir; the image of Steve’s breath catching in his throat, his jaw clenching against the sudden sensation-
Of course, the CEO and the politico were more than happy to bid Steve a good night. Tony waited until they had both scurried out of view before he cocked an inquisitive eyebrow.
Even in the midst of his breakdown, Steve felt a little tug of sentimental loyalty - a recognition that Bucky had had his back since Steve was immature and petulant the first time around.
He could see the air around his mouth fogging up as his breathing came back to him too rapidly, his heart beating too hard against his ribs…
He found himself turning the paper over - immediately recognising his fathers handwriting on the back.
Ah, there was the jolt of panic he should’ve felt much sooner. There was the instinctive resistance to this kind of conversation, the
The scale of it alone was enough to take Tony’s breath away. It was a perfectly round structure, with a black marble floor in the centre that must’ve been
It wasn’t just remembering; it was like being back there. Tony could literally smell the butter, he could hear the hum of the air conditioner.
And then, like he was reaching for comfort, he thought of Tony leading him away from the hospital, the reassuring weight of his palm against the small of Steve’s back…
As such, he’d not prepared every detail of this interaction… Well, not as part of his plan for a new world…
, we’d be able to separate the Hydra files from the SHIELD files, as well as being able to find out which people
For the time being, Tony had completely forgotten the project that had so consumed him - vaguely aware that JARVIS was working on it and happy to leave it at that. Right now, he was perfectly content to bathe in the strength of Steve’s body, and the kindness in all of his teasing little touches, and the way he shivered as Tony traced idle patterns on his chest...
He thought of the difficulty he’d always had, reconciling himself with that. The learned pressure to do it, along with the inherent instinct that… it wasn’t right, it was missing the point.
been, he would certainly have set it aside, and focussed on the important things. Steve would’ve been killed then, if he’d spiralled. Maybe everyone would have.
He looked towards the other end of the table again. Nat, Pepper, Rhodey and Tony were all leant forward, their faces in their hands, breathlessly telling one another to stop giggling-
that he couldn’t hold people responsible for crimes they hadn’t committed, or give them credit for achievements they never made - even as he decided that he’d have to treat each person as he found them.
“No,” Tony answered, with a stoic shake of his head. “Once we’re done removing all the neurological damage they did, and fixing the shit they did to your body, you’re still going to have to deal with everything they
“Eh, aimless curiosity, I think,” Tony blushed, tilting his head so that Steve could see the paperwork in front of him. Accounting records, or personnel files, or something dry like that.
He’s spent hours trying to ignore it, rationalise it, put it into some sort of order – but the awfulness of it was so loud that he couldn’t think over the top of it. Trying to keep his head quiet for a minute was like trying to hold your breath when you have the hiccups. The ideas would just leap in, entirely oblivious to his attempts to control them.
With that, he finally managed to tear his gaze from the window, turning to find the source of that sound - but first, he found Pepper, slumped on her knees, just to the left of him. Her head was bowed forward, her arms hanging heavy at her sides… But Tony could see the deep rhythm of her breathing in the curve of her back. It occurred to him that this was probably the same position he’d woken up in. He leaned in to check that she was okay, before he swallowed hard and shifted to look at the room behind him.
In the ten days since the invitation had arrived, Tony had only thought about that one very specific part of it-
myself that… all that stuff about natural blood lust and coming of age and – it was all lies. I didn’t even have to think about what they were, I just knew that. And
And he couldn’t quite seem to talk himself out of it. It was almost like his mood was entirely disconnected from him, like this physical discomfort and emotional misery had arrived independent of anything he’d been thinking at the time. He just felt heavier, and more irritable, and more hard-done-by, as the day wore on. And no amount of thinking would loosen it, because he hadn’t thought his way into it in the first place. He tried giving himself a stern talking to, reminding himself why he wasn’t hard done by… but it just didn’t touch the sides. If anything, it added genuine guilt and regret to the cocktail of displaced emotions.
“But I can’t find any reference to her by name, so I suspect we won’t be able to answer that, from the files we have.” Tony sighed, waving the file reader again.
retreated to their corners. For complex, understandable, infuriating, personal reasons – which had fucked it up, regardless.
“Jesus, come on!” Sam barked, as the three of them instinctively crouched to the ground. And then he lowered his voice to a harsh whisper to add, “what are you trying to do, send up a flare?”
Nick stopped to allow the room to settle into a more sober atmosphere. Steve noticed Tony put his phone away.
Finding someone more beautiful and brilliant and brave than anything he’d ever dreamed up. Discovering that they could share a connection deeper and more powerful than anything Steve could’ve imagined.
” She said it as though it was a swearword… or like she’d have liked to have sworn “Because they want us to tell them what it is, and we can’t. They keep asking us about words they’ve made up, and don’t fit – we can’t read minds, and we don’t
“Now… I spend a day thinking very hard about stuff, and reading whatever I can get my hands on,” Tony sighed. “And I try to find a starting point, I guess…. And I’ll call you. Whatever is going on, I promise, I’ll call you.”
And, Jesus, why couldn’t Tony just tell him yes? Why couldn’t he just lie, and say it was fine, and that Steve really didn’t have to do this?
“So… Why did you want to see me?” Steve asked, when it became clear that Pierce wasn’t going to start by telling him. He noted that this round-about way of talking was a SHIELD thing, and not merely a Nick Fury thing.
” Rhodey interrupted far more forcefully, pulling Tony out of his spiral. And then Tony watched Rhodey’s face soften into something more sympathetic. Rhodey swallowed whatever he was about to say, a different kind of concern creasing his brow… planning how to handle this. “Okay,
“…Well, before anything else, we have a simple ECG to run,” he replied, cautiously. “And a standard pulse meter to attach – just a cuff, on your wrist…”
The same wordless horror that swamped him, when he looked down at his own undead body and realised what Obie had done. The moment when he’d tried to comprehend that he was a
And Steve just pulled Tony against his chest, and wrapped his arms around him. He couldn’t help it. He just had to
“But yeah, when you found out… well, that’s why we fell out, anyway,” Steve sighed. “Because of me. And, it really didn’t help, the
When Pepper had texted him the first time, to ask if he’d be making an appearance at his own New Year’s party, the idea was just deeply unappealing. By the third text it had seemed philosophically impossible. It was just… all too far away from where he was.
“JARVIS,” Tony announced, throwing himself onto his feet with pointed determination, “where did I put my dad’s old research file?”
“...Well, if it made you feel calm when you otherwise wouldn’t… Or when it would be inappropriate…” He theorised out loud, like he was talking to himself, “I mean, if it was an
That instant in which Tony’s instincts kicked in, intense and immediate and all encompassing, his whole body pulled towards Steve-
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Nat relax her shoulders, apparently appeased that this didn’t concern her. Clint and Sam both looked vaguely jealous that he was getting to leave early. The politicians went back to looking at their phones.
. It’s amazing that you’ve done all this, that you’ve thought about all this… That you care this much…”
“Okay, so I think we’ve – are you okay?” Tony interrupted himself, when he came face to face with Steve.
enough of a head fuck… I don’t even know how he really feels about me, or what he wants from this, or what he
He dropped his head and pinched his mouth shut, trying to dull the sensation before it erupted into a full on laughing fit-
talking about this. But I want to stop talking about this. I don’t even know why I’m thinking about this, when we’re on an alien planet, and I should be thinking about
Tony could literally feel his control slip away from him, as Steve’s fingers pressed a little firmer into his skin… he could
that way… If he pictured himself in some isolated village in the Middle Ages, trying to convince a nervous virgin that their fears were ridiculous…
, to understand what it is you’re trying to experience. Trust me, you just know you’ve got to stay a little longer to do the thing” And her girlfriend nodded along,
“In that case, I might keep it,” he grinned - and then added, in a more teasing tone, “it seems to keep people from recognising me…”
It was immediately grounding. Physically comforting, in such an uncomplicated, pure way… Just like it had been all night. Steve was conscious enough now that he knew it was strange, aware enough to be unnerved by it - but he felt it, still.
Tony had no idea how he knew it, or why he didn’t panic of over the strangeness of it, or how he could possibly be so reassured, so quickly…
He wasn’t sure whether one of the winter soldiers had actually taken a shot at him, or if maybe he’d just slotted that into the narrative… But he could very clearly remember the fierce look that had flashed up in Steve’s eyes. The way he seemed slow into his temper, as though he was gathering the power of it into the centre of his chest.
Tony gave his phone a weary glare before he tossed it aside. Then he let his head fall into his hands.
Meanwhile, Tony allowed his train of thought to drift aimlessly through his mind, paying no attention to the stops it made along the way. He didn’t even notice that it was following the well-worn track into thoughts of Steve - after all, of all the mental scenery he could have scrolled past, Steve Rogers was the most familiar…
“But the thing is,” Tony continued, tracing a fingertip over one of his scrawled equations “The science itself
All of his attention was focused on Tony’s lips, on the small of his back now, Tony’s hands stroking over his ass, spreading him open. Steve felt himself moan, parting his legs without thinking, arcing his back-
them” Steve added – even though they’d already discussed this much of the plan. “It’s either that, or make sure the troops are okay, and let
“Oh, really?” He asked with exaggerated, mocking confusion. “I really thought I did… Oh well, I guess I don’t know that your real name is Natasha, and you can just go ahead and ignore that one. But you should probably take the rest of it very seriously.” And he flashed a dangerous smile that was mostly teeth before he opened the door-
Steve after such intimate moments was part of a more fundamental impulse… It felt as though it might be.
seen him, because he was floating so high on his own excitement by then that he’d lost all connection to the real world. By the time he began the ascent to his house, somewhere around midnight, he could barely remember how he’d gotten there - he might’ve walked right into a photographer and he wouldn’t have known it.
He was expecting the event to be uncomfortable, and confusing, and to spend the whole time looking for the first opportunity to leave…
… but, in a perverse sort of way… There was something nice about it. Something surprising about how easily the words came now, some thrill of potential or abandon as he realised, he was
And, with that, Tony remembered the very question he’d been trying to answer when he started all this.
“Y-y-yes, they s-said he’d be there, but they didn’t-they didn’t tell me where ‘there’ was, yet.” Wesley stuttered.
Which might’ve been enough to make the decision for him, if Tony hadn’t been so achingly desperate to go to him. It was like a compulsion, a habit he kept falling into even as he was telling himself
Tony wasn’t sure if that’d been the same voice or not. It wasn’t nearly as reassuring, this time… in fact, along with the acrid taste still coating his tongue and the gory stain he’d left in the sink, it was enough to literally turn his stomach.
at Bucky, to know that they’d both taken that as a given. Which, obviously, meant that they couldn’t strategize out loud-
“Nat said to invite you along,” Bucky added in an entirely rhetorical way. And Steve very briefly entertained the idea, purely because it was his instinct to help… But, no. He was far too comfortable with his current thoughts – his current facial expression and affect. The thought of trying to look causal, and making small talk, and having to think about something else… nah.
This was just a terrible batch. That’s all it was. That, and the fact that he’d felt sick anyway – he was tired, and hungry and anxious-
...And, okay, Steve was now so possessed of a desperation to put his arms around Tony and dote on him and protect him that, when he stopped to really think about it, it took his breath away-
It had been bad enough at the beginning of the week. Steve had spent those first few days after he left Tony’s house feeling anxious and rejected and guilty, bouncing from one bad thought to the next-
He just let his hand run up along Tony’s neck and into his hair, cradling his head, kissing him deeper. He felt Tony drop his other hand, so that he could throw his arm around Steve’s neck, and immediately Steve moved to grab him by the hip, pulling Tony into him-
Steve remembered the night before - although it already seemed like such a long time ago… He remembered feeling Tony melt against him like this, he remembered it feeling significant in exactly this way…
“But you have time,” Steve assured him, fluidly following on from Tony’s point - as he so often did. “And you’ll have the both of us here to help in any way that we can. And you’ll be safe here, always.”
“Yes, sir. His vital signs are all within the ideal range, and he is recovering well.” JARVIS assured.
And he knew he should try and talk himself out of that, or make some effort to understand it, or at least try to prepare himself for it… but he couldn’t bear to think about it. He didn’t
After all these weeks of ‘knowing’ that Steve wanted him - all these weeks of wondering how to feel about it, and what to do about it, and what it meant… Now, it just
And now there was Tony, looking at him without any of the frustration that Steve had expected - with a
Steve leant into him again, putting his hands on Tony’s arms and looking right at him when he asked,
… Because, yes - it wasn’t exactly ideal that Steve had turned up as a total stranger to declare his love, especially when he knew that Tony was already in a relationship.
He remembered waking up in that strange white room, and panicking his way through Scaramouche’s absurd explanation, and the dazed walk to the hotel...
. Too iconic an image for Stark Industries to bother removing, maybe – or too obviously useless in identifying him now. It certainly didn’t help Steve to imagine what he looked like today…
“Yes, it does have that feel to it.” He smiled. “But, to answer your question, sometimes one of us will do a formal presentation” He gestured to the stage. “If there are a few people here. But, to be honest, it’s looking like it’ll probably just be the two of you tonight, so I can just take you through a bit of basic information, and then see what you want to ask about?” As he was speaking, he was gesturing to one of the women in the room, who then went over to flick a switch on the wall. One of the wooden panels began to slide upwards, concealing itself in the wall as it revealed a large, white screen. And then Dev gestured for them to follow him over to it.
“You can knock a guy out without doing any real harm,” Bucky challenged, turning to glare directly at Sam.
“Tony Stark’s name is in every one of my nightmares,” Wanda cut him off, her voice low and sharp. “His inventions took everything from me. His politics ruined my country, twice. And I’ve never been allowed to say a word about it, because I trusted the wrong people when I was a messed up kid. I’ve just had to quietly accept that his inventions were meant to kill
“Hello again” She beamed – and then Steve recognised the voice. The woman who’d shown them around on the first night.
slowly, some basic cognitive activity was starting to take form in Tony’s head. Eventually, Tony recognised that he knew what he was thinking about, what he had been thinking about for a little while now…
Reasserting his vow to accept those realities in the future - to stop avoiding every potentially painful situation, to recognise that sometimes you had to face a bit of heartbreak to avoid something far worse.
Partly because he did trust Tony, and it never would’ve occurred to him that Tony would try to corrupt or control him. And partly because he wanted nothing more than to be with Tony anyway.
But he didn’t have to say them. Steve saw the resistance building under Tony’s skin and paused, nervously.
He cast his eyes over Clint, with his mohican and his battle scars, Thor, with his unkept beard and wild hair, Bruce, now a hybrid of himself and a big-green-rage-monster…
One hand grabbed at Steve’s hair, the other clawing frantically at the sheets, as the pleasure pulsed deeper, and hotter, drawing down from the small of his back. His cock throbbed, thick beads of pre-come dripping onto his stomach in time with that increasing beating sensation.
felt weak, that his head was swimming, that Steve’s voice sounded distant and echoey when he called to him,
“Hi, it’s Steve and Tony, right?” The man asked, extending a friendly hand. Tony was the first to take it.
And Steve would marvel at his forethought later. For the time being, all he could think when he saw the lube was,
And a separate, primal instinct that was thoroughly confused by Steve not being here. A low, aching emptiness…
Today, he could lie here and relive all the wonderful things that Steve had whispered to him last night, and let that tingling excitement flood through him all over again.
He couldn’t help that it struck him immediately as very sad. That there was still that little pang of feeling…he wasn’t sure what to call it now, but something he’d felt about Steve before any of this happened. He knew there was a time when he would’ve asked Steve about this. Back when he had no reason to wonder if he’d be making an idiot of himself…
And yes, there was that tug of connection, that fierce protective instinct, that abundance of affection –the human forms of love were all still there, all so much stronger than they had ever been…
“Well, I can go and wait with Bucky,” he suggested, reluctantly. “If you want to… fix it now, I mean.”
He was actually surprised when he was able to pick Rhodey out of the crowd a few feet ahead of him - he’d taken for granted that looking for people didn’t work anymore.
. He liked being pushed to his limits like this. He liked that it wasn’t up to him to take what he wanted, that he didn’t have to work for this, that it wasn’t his responsibility to make it happen-
“...And you were right, by the way,” Tony added, far too casually. “It was a stupid idea and I do wish we’d never done it. So, you have my full permission to remind me of that the next time I want to do something reckless.”
just mean that you’re ‘just’ happy right now.” Tony smiled. “And maybe there will be things you think of later – and that’s okay. If we’re going to be together, that gives us the rest of our lives to work through all this… However many goes it takes us, or whatever. You can
Part of it was just the abundance of emotion he was floating on - the overwhelming relief of having said it, the newfound joy at simply being alive, the visceral excitement at being this close to Tony Stark… Steve had the feeling that he would’ve wanted to laugh right now, whatever Tony’s reaction had been, just because he didn’t know what else to do with himself-
“And, uh, I don’t know,” he forced himself on – mainly trying to push past his own uneasiness. “I kind of have a checklist, I guess… But I couldn’t think of a reason it could kill either of us, or hurt either of us, or put anyone
Steve was almost glad of the stab of indignation that he felt. It was perversely comforting to think that their entire relationship hadn’t changed as a result of his recent revelations.
And then the warm, happy thrill of Steve’s skin against his, rolling gently through his sated muscles.
Even the people who didn’t know that - even the people who really thought they were the good guys - were all so underhanded and Machiavellian and
Even standing a foot short of its direct glare, Tony felt the aura of it on his skin. The deep, baking warmth of the sun, so very close…
And this time there was no sharpness to his reaction, as his cock dragged roughly over the sheets – just a hot, compulsive friction, that curled pleasantly into the general feeling of bliss flooding though him.
, at all, in the first place…” Wow, this has all seemed much more coherent before he started saying it out loud.
And Tony was shocked to find the floor gave way beneath him, finally recognising that he’d stepped onto a giant mattress as he crashed, knees first, into it.
For a few minutes, that task commanded all of his attention. But, as he finally struggled his way past the first few rows, the crush eased off enough to allow him to weave through the people.
“Have I?” Gary sounded slightly concerned himself now, raising a hand to his forehead - which was sweaty, of course, because it always was.
He felt Tony flinch back to stare at him. He saw Janine’s eyes widen just slightly at the severity of both of their responses.
“God you’re beautiful,” Tony whispered, softly kissing the bridge of his nose. Steve huffed a soft laugh that rippled all the way through Tony’s body, sending a little echo of static shocks through his softened muscles.
also things I did because I was panicked and confused – and, yeah, those might be understandable reasons, or… but, you were right when you said people still have to apologise for that stuff. And I
still maintained that he never needed it, seeing as their only real input was to lock him in his room and tell him to fix it himself-
“We got stuck in some political… project meeting…thing,” he explained, too irritated with it to think of the right words. “Some partnership the government is building with a communications company, or something – I don’t even know how they want us to be involved. They just came by to ‘introduce themselves’ and wouldn’t shut up.”
times now. He watched the two of them until they were out of sight, mainly to put of looking at Steve for as long as he could.
pretty” Tony conceded, forcing his voice into a lighter, more conversational tone. “And I am somewhat starved of physical attention, and, yeah… Maybe I have an entirely superficial little crush. But him being the prettiest of all the people I’ve met in the last ten years doesn’t really mean much, does it? And it’s not a good reason to like him – if you think about it, I
He let his hands slide down over Tony’s sides, his touch heating into a firm caress as he moved over the curve of Tony’s waist. Tony began to fidget more urgently, writhing back against Steve’s cock,
“Okay, look, I know you don’t want to hurt either of us,” Steve said, edging forward as subtly as he could-
“Yes, yes-” Steve panted – cutting himself off with a high-pitched whine as Tony took his hand away.
“Mostly, they just wanted me to collect medical details and… samples, if I could. Which I couldn’t, for what they needed,” Stape admitted, talking to the floor again. “If Sergeant Barnes hadn’t been quite so opposed to pain relief, or if he’d not needed such a solid rationale before he agreed to a general anaesthetic-”
But it still had to compete with his newfound pleasure in petulance. For the first time ever, there was a voice asking why he
Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s hips, his whole body tensing at the shock of hearing Steve say his name like that.
“But how? If it’s not in the air, or the water, and I assume putting it in the food would be the same…” Steve thought aloud. “Wouldn’t they have to give us a controlled dose, a pill or an injection or something? Wouldn’t people know if…” But he trailed off as he saw Tony shaking his head.
And then their eyes met. Steve found himself looking at the very thing he was feeling – the same surprise in Tony’s smile, the same excitement in his expression.
He counted to three, probably too quickly - but, as luck would have it, by the time he peaked around the corner again, the courtyard was deserted.
Now, thinking of Steve smiling like that was enough to make Tony’s chest ache. He was annoyed at himself for not being annoyed at the Army sooner
He’d been paying attention when Bruce was dancing. He remembered that. Steve remembered watching Nat’s face light up as she cheered him on, and thinking it was nice… But he’d sort of drifted into the middle distance after that. And stayed there ever since, really.
They exchanged a little bit more conversation, before Pepper made her excuses. And, purely because he was feeling happy and social, Tony decided to ride the elevator with her, and walk her to the door.
. Because they could just be natural with him and honest with him and never have to second guess anything they said – because they weren’t trying to hide anything. They weren’t scared that Tony would think they were flirting. They wouldn’t have to think up a lie if he asked them,
thinking that there might also be a lot of important information on those files… And… The truth is, there are going to be a lot of different power struggles, as more enhanced people show up. I already know that. I lived through it. And a lot more political conflict, as the stakes keep rising, and don’t have anything to do with nation states anymore. And, okay, I don’t actually know how things are going to work out
to all be right now…” Steve suggested carefully. “I mean, I know I’ve kind of dropped this on you… and, okay, I know it’s complicated. I have to leave in the morning, and I don’t know when I’d be able to see you again… But, if you wanted to, we still could. I could call you. I know we’re not going to make all of this better all at once, and I don’t know what we can make of it, but… Maybe we don’t
Tony took a moment to simply look at him, running his eyes over every perfect detail of Steve’s body – feeling as though he was looking at him for the first time.
he could go back to overthinking how forward he was allowed to be under the rules of a casual relationship-
gifts, to be distributed as the evening went on - the second of which was one of the bottles of Asgardian liquor that Thor had left at the Tower. And even that wasn’t enough to overcome Steve’s super soldier metabolism completely; it would have taken the whole bottle for Steve to feel anything close to
idea how to deal with that – how he even felt about being on the receiving end of it. And he didn’t bother trying to work it out. Suddenly all of his thoughts, however frantic and irrational, were finally focused on one topic: how the hell to get out of this, as painlessly as possible.
With that in mind, Steve buried that wordless uneasiness, and forced himself to think about this plan - firstly, where it was different from his original plan…
“Okay, so, firstly, I’ll explain what these parties actually are.” Janine smiled “They’re actually a controlled environment in which couples can try authentic New Eden substances, safely and to best effect. Each party is focussed on one particular drug – the drug you will be taking is called
the idea of Tony actually being there when Loki arrived. Of Tony ending up in the same position as Clint - or worse. To be honest, Steve hated the idea of Tony working for SHIELD at all… Increasingly, as his feelings towards Nick Fury continued to sour.
this moment was. Beyond any of the trivial things he’d ever worried about, beyond any of the frivolous things he
Steve thought about Bucky all the time - of course he did. Almost everything Steve ever did in life he’d first done with Bucky - or heard about from Bucky, or had a joke about with Bucky… The memory of Bucky had been Steve’s constant companion, a voice that travelled with him wherever he went. That had always been there, whether he thought Bucky was dead or on the run from Hydra or two doors up the street. That went without saying, alongside everything else.
Steve knew what a full-force blow to the face from The Winter Solider felt like – just how much strength that arm was capable of when
“They have parties for specially selected people on the third floor. They say its an exclusive experience, and I suppose to them, it is. None of them complain. But they’re only there so the Adams can have them take these things and do these things under test conditions.”
looks at a room full of accidental hostages and starts to calculate what that much man-power could-”
He was probably only waiting there for a few seconds, although obviously it felt like so much longer - long enough to silently practice his opening lines at least ten times.
Bucky feels as though he was impatient to wake up, this time. Like he was thinking things before he started existing again - like he came into being with a purpose.
“Well, no – but I think we’re sure it’s not good.” Tony gestured to the screens “And I think we have enough evidence that there is someone with serious problems, and far too much power – including, apparently, the power to lock people in cages… So yeah, I think we can be sure about putting a hard pause on this place, at least.”
But Tony brought one hand to the centre of Steve’s chest, the gym bag still dangling carelessly from the other, and told him in a kind,
And Steve did know that, when he left this room and came face to face with Tony, that scene would happen. There would be no fast-forwarding it, or erasing it after the fact. And Steve didn’t know what the fuck he was going to say, and he knew it was going to be awful.
the only way to help people – this could end up hurting so many people. What if you could stop that? I know you feel bad about this. I know… you… know exactly what you’re doing,” he trailed of into a defeated sigh.
And then they got in, and found themselves in a huge, white room. The end furthest from them was open, save for a low iron railing, which obviously overlooked something further down – something they couldn’t see from here. Beyond that Tony could just about make out a wall of lights and shadows, also white, moving in and out of focus as his brain struggled to make sense of the dimensions. And then Tony’s eyes adjusted, or caught some sort of flicker, and he realised – the three walls this room did have weren’t walls at all. They were screens, all switched on and set to a blank white channel.
Although, he’d considered that concept in such depth since this morning that it had started to lose all meaning.
“And I don’t really know how to be the old fashioned one, when everyone actually used to think of me as the forward thinking one. But I’m almost embarrassed to say that now, because I can’t back it up-”
Steve had found that his interest stirred gently when he went through those files the first time. There was a genuine curiosity about the stories that those facts obscured, a real and immediate reaction to some of their revelations… Actual thoughts and personal feelings, which were hard for him to fish out of the numb trauma of his mind, these days.
“Yeah baby?” Tony grinned, warmly amused and affectionate and so in control – not waiting for an answer before he pulled back and pushed deep into Steve again-
“Remind me again why you don’t wear this uniform all the time…” Tony murmured, running his eyes over Steve’s chest.
That was rather more self-indulgent than Steve had planned on being, this evening. It was leaning into Tony more than he’d wanted to, so early on.
“I can’t think now what we thought they were doing. We knew things that the people didn’t, obviously – all these reports that I think I just assumed was all Hydra, I don’t know. We knew what Hitler’s politics were, we thought… I think… I don’t know, anymore. I just know we weren’t expecting
There will also be other one shots as part of the 1k milestone event, but I figure people can subscribe to the series if they're interested in it, so I won't be adding a new chapter to this every time I add one 😂
He didn’t know what it was, exactly. It might just have been the simple human niceness of watching someone who was so very in love, or being happy for people he cared about. Maybe it was partly that it was a conversation that Bucky felt more included in.
While Happy was settling Wesley into the passenger seat in the front, Tony steered Steve into the backseat of the car - again finding that he was far easier to manoeuvre than his fierce expression would suggest.
knew Steve had been talking about him a lot. It wasn’t like either of them were pretending otherwise – it was perfectly clear in the apologetic way Steve started each little rant, and the fondly impatient way that Bucky responded. But neither of them had
He and Steve tensed together. They exchanged a brief, knowing glance. And then there was a ghost of a smile on Steve’s lips, before he gave a tiny nod to where Tony’s pants were lying in a crumpled heap by the side of the bed,
Tony was scared to call it an epiphany. He’d had too many of these moments of enlightenment, when everything suddenly seemed to fit into one coherent image, and everything could be answered by this one miraculous insight… only for it to disappear when the light changed. Experience had taught him that these moments were more about his mood than anything else. That it was only ever a question of which part of it he was looking at…
But that didn’t mean this whole thing wasn’t shit. Just because Bucky was more comfortable than he would usually be, it didn’t mean he was comfortable. Just because it was the least-worst option, didn’t mean he didn’t hate a thousand things about it.
All of that still hurt so much that it kept him awake at night. There were times when it could hit him out of nowhere, stop him in his tracks and force him to deal with the imminent threat of tears…
hurt you, and you step up to it anyway, every time, just because you think it’s right… And for the fact that you are so much
“Oh, God-” was cut off by a startled, choking cry as that sensation coiled tight in his hips, his thighs still burning under Steve’s fingertips. His mind blanked completely, ceding everything over to his body as Steve began to work him open with the tip of his tongue. Tony keened, and writhed into it as much as he could, the deep, satisfying friction of Steve’s grip on his legs throbbing into the teasing, needy pleasure that was building under Steve’s lips.
The first thing he saw was the tip of an arrow, glinting in the sun – and then Clint, stepping out from behind the door, his eyes fixed on Tony’s.
know that name – it was buried in there somewhere, among all the millions of pop culture references he’d tried to catch up on in the last year. But there was no frame of reference, no mental image or association. No way to know what joke Tony was making.
“Turns out, Mr Fisk isn’t the only person of interest to have been spotted in the vicinity of this hotel in the last six months,” Nick added, knowingly.
Immediately, Steve understood that this was something that could never have happened a few months earlier. Something he thought he’d never be able to have back…
Steve’s heart had ached for Tony the entire time they’d been talking, to the point that now his ribs felt sore - and they hadn’t even gotten to the difficult part, yet.
get a hangover. And, of course, you can’t embarrass yourselves here.” And she paused to give Tony a knowing look, like she was so pleased with herself for working out his real anxiety “We’re conditioned by shame, on earth. We use it as a voice to guide us without ever considering its authority. But here, there can be no consequences to your actions – no damage to your reputation, no chance to make poor life choices. Here, it is only you, and people who don’t know you, and the way you feel… so, you have to ask yourself what it is you’re afraid might happen?”
“On the topic of me being a moron.” Steve whispered, carefully sidestepping an unidentified dark patch on the carpet “Turns out that shoes
the connection he’d felt growing between them, or the regular human lust Tony felt for him. This time, in among all the other distinct reactions that Steve sparked in him, there was an unmistakeable craving for the taste of his blood. A
to be safe, just ‘cos someone got hurt. And, you know, if someone had yelled at me that it was irresponsible to bring a fourteen-year-old in the first place – I’d quite happily tear them a new one.” And that serious, protective look flashed up in his eyes, that he got sometimes when he talked about Peter “Because they don’t know Peter and they don’t get to say – but, yeah, my point is, why I thought I could yell about you about Scott Lang’s criminal record… you know what, this is really inarticulate, I’m sorry.” And he smiled a self-conscious little smile “See, this is what a 270 IQ gets you – a lot of robots and verbal diarrhoea.” And he swallowed, and took a little breath, and started again.
He gave the papers one final, purely performative glance, before he fell into the couch with a happy sigh.
“I… I swear I don’t even remember…” Wesley replied - and he was probably telling the truth. But Tony still made the point of staring him down, until eventually he scrambled for more words. “I mean - I mean the people I owe money to aren’t exactly- I mean, I know some scary people. And these were the people above that, and they knew all about me, and, I just, I thought I’d better just keep my mouth shut and, you know, just hope it all went away…”
“I still feel like it’s a bit of a cheat,” he confessed, playfully, “that your birthday fantasy is going to be so much fun for
Every individual server he’d cracked and copied. Every new layer of confidentiality he’d managed to break through. Every detail he’d conspired to overhear and every blueprint he’d managed to sneak a look at… Every deliberate hint he’d managed to drop, every person he’d made an impression on.
Steve felt the hair on the back of his neck stand on end - one of very few panic reactions that remained unchanged after Operation Rebirth. He knew there was no one in the world who could be calling on him for a friendly chat.
Hearing those words in his head sent a cold chill down Tony’s spine, even over the top of this swell of comfort.
“I promise you, we’re not leaving until we fix this thing.” Steve told her, with that pure and warm sincerity that only he could pull off “We will stop them poisoning you, and we’ll help you close this place down. I promise you that.”
just say, yeah, Clint was an ass on the raft, not like Sam or Scott could, not when I talked him into it and I’ve asked him to be loyal to it and we’re in this
, when Bucky does turn up, in such a way as to put everything we’d built at risk, even then, I don’t tell you. I call Clint, because I trust him, and I call Wanda, because I trust her, and I call some paroled felon I’ve never met in my life, for some reason. And I let you run around trying to fix the whole thing fucking
Tony sighed at himself. He gave his head a shake, and forced himself to focus on the task in front of him. He hastily gathered the last few papers within easy grabbing distance, and pushed them into an already over-full file box. His legs winced as he stood up to retrieve the lid for it, easing into a pleasant throb as he settled into his feet.
Tony grinned, a pleasant tingling running over his skin as he took Steve’s hand. Steve looked away from the hall and caught Tony’s eye, shyly, a pretty blush appearing over the bridge of his nose-
And Tony could feel it in that pause. That same do-or-die determination that got Captain America through the end of the world so many times. That simple, indomitable willingness to try. Tony
know that a lot of this is exactly what you’ve been telling me for twenty years,” Tony accepted. “And I know it must be pretty annoying to hear me suddenly telling
Steve’s throat was tight as he tried to swallow, his vision momentarily blotted out by the vividness of that mental image-
think, even without the drugs, that you’d been so reckless, and must’ve put so little thought into it, cos look at
“Well, it looks like they tried. But I don’t think they had all that much to go on…” But he could see Tony’s eyes warming in that thoughtful way of his… “Why do you ask?”
, between The Mallamens and… it just says ‘Adam’. Adam can use their facility… hence the name, I guess… and their employees
. That familiar giddy elation seeped through Steve, as the afterglow met that wave of affection, that contentment and pride at having Tony in his arms like this
“Scaramouche?” Tony clarified. And then, when the officer nodded, he turned to Sam and Bucky and said, completely seriously, “we could just stay in jail.”
And Tony smiled into the kiss, a contentment of confidence running through him – because he understood.
But then his fingers traced over a closed cut on Steve’s back… And another idea occurred to him, vivid and complete and in all ways better.
of his previous certainties and priorities, all of his deepest and most horrible fears… were of no use to Steve right now. So.
“Okay, give me two minutes to start the programme…” Tony had to force the words over the growing pressure in his chest, already thinking ahead to what he was going to say to Steve. Trying
know the concentration of ‘air and water minerals’ in a person’s blood down to a percentage like that – not even under test conditions. People just breathe at different rates, the amount of water their body retains is down to the speed at which they drink it – if I took a sample of your blood now, by the time I’d got the results of how
, if you hadn’t decided otherwise? Do you not feel complicit, knowing what the Mallemens will do, if you stop me?” And Steve saw him shuffle his weight back onto his feet – getting ready to move, he knew he was- “Who are you to tell the whole world they can’t have this? You know who you are? You’re-”
And of course Tony just carried on teasing him – pointedly ignoring Steve’s cock and moving to kiss his way along the crease of his legs, sucking gently at his thighs. He pushed Steve’s jeans further down his legs, almost offhandedly, letting Steve kick his way free of them.
wondered how things would be, if they’d gone the other way. If, when they’d finally sat down to talk about their changing relationship like adults, they’d taken the conversation in a different direction. A simple human curiosity about the road not travelled, really.
Steve felt his chest loosen, a pleasant shiver running up his spine as he finally recognised that Tony was actually
And with that, Tony leant forward and pulled Steve into him – a little awkwardly, but neither of them cared. All that mattered was that Tony were right here, in his arms.
...That’s why he was always so desperate to make everything line up, so wary of anything that he couldn’t explain-
“Hi. You must be Adam.” He said, with mock-politeness. Adam just gave a stoic nod. “I’m Tony, this is Steve”
It was the strangest details that grabbed him. The sad little rose bushes on either side of the church door, with their few wilted blooms that always looked tired. The aluminium pole that stood in the middle of the sidewalk, that everyone knew used to be a bus stop, even though no one was old enough to remember the sign. The large, jagged crack in the church wall, that Steve hadn’t even known that he’d noticed… These were the specifics he never would’ve thought to tell people, the meaningless details that he’d forgotten altogether until he was looking at them-
He let Tony pull him closer, snuggling happily against his chest, a delighted freedom occurring to him as he realised – he could carry on falling now.
Oh, and then an unsettling collection of images… little fragments of conversation that he wasn’t sure he wanted to thread together…
“...Because I’m a brat, mainly,” Tony accepted, with a sigh. “But, I mean, also because it was a ridiculous cover story… I don’t know, it wasn’t a plan I’d put a lot of thought into before I did it, if I’m honest.”
“Yeah, he was your friend growing up, he died retrieving the Tesseract from Hydra - well, thinking he did, anyway…” Tony replied in a more sombre tone… and then he saw the way that Steve had looked up at him. “What?” He demanded, a touch defensively. “I read the comics when I was a kid,” he shrugged, looking away again.
In the meantime, Tony took a second to scan their surroundings. Much to his surprise, he found that the driveway was now entirely deserted. He very cautiously counted that as a positive. Of course, he couldn’t be certain that no one had been watching when it actually happened... but, in his experience, when people witnessed the drama they usually stayed around to witness the aftermath too. If he was lucky, the few straggling by-standers had all gone back into the party, or off to their cars, before this little...episode.
” Steve hissed, rolling up to meet his touch, arching his back as Tony pulled his cock free and ran his grip over the length of it.
himself that he couldn’t simply treat this Tony as a replacement, or use him to undo the harm he’d done to someone else…
Okay, that was a little bit of breathing room at least… Tony had no idea how much, because he had no idea what time it was – but that was better than
,” Tony signed, theatrically, “of all the many head fucks that got dropped on me yesterday, Hydra has to be the first priority, yes?”
“Tell me if this is a weird question,” Steve began, more nervously, “…But I’m just realising that I’ve never seen you actually eat. Food, I mean…”
And with that, Tony let out another howl of laughter, once again losing his footing and disappearing from view.
fine.” Tony assured him, firmly. “And, you’re going to be fine. I know that was horrible, but, actually, this is good – I mean, at least we’ve found the bug now. We can fix this
To be honest, his original plan had become far less detailed at this point. The ‘difficult’ bit, if such there was, had been establishing himself as the only Captain America in this timeline and maintaining the world’s official history of him. His main priority in the last six months had been to keep the secrets of time travel and all knowledge of the future out of SHIELDs hands - and beyond that, to familiarise himself with every detail of the world in 2011, to make sure that he knew more about modern politics and popular culture and present SHIELD employees than anyone… that he wouldn’t be starting out as an interloper to the present, this time around.
try to help, if you knew we were looking for Bucky, and then you’d be caught up in all the risks we’d taken and you might lose everything over it, and how could I…and I remember thinking that you might try to stop me, that no one else would, but you might, and, what would I do then… because I so
“That’s the company that that photographer was working for,” Tony said it anyway, as Steve’s features sharpened in thought.
. The fact that he had Tony pressed up against a wall in exactly the same way as any other couple in this place, the way thousands of couples got to share intimate, exciting, romantic moments every single day –
At which point, he’d let himself flop out on the couch, and then spent maybe half an hour just appreciating what it was to lie down on soft fabric, and feel the forces of gravity supporting his limbs.
Not that Tony knew that the sun had come up. Tony wasn’t aware of anything outside of his own head. The relentless churning of shame and panic, the fruitless attempt to find the words for it, the constant reruns of nightmare scenarios he’d spent the whole night thinking up. Mostly, he just
It was just… looking at how few options that he had to weigh up. Realising that ninety per cent of his clothing qualified as loungewear – and why wouldn’t it? Why would he bother replacing the t-shirts that got stained or scorched? Who would know?
“Sir? I have an update on Sergeant Barnes’ condition.” JARVIS announced coolly, jarring Steve out of his train of thought.
Tony wrapped the sheets snug around him, before he sat beside him and encouraged Steve to rest his head in Tony’s lap. Steve just let himself fall, like he was sinking though himself. And then Tony ran a gentle hand through Steve’s hair, and whispered,
He realised that not showing ‘weakness’, and not corrupting Tony’s faith in him as a perfect hero, and not losing Tony’s support, had all been such a big part of him not speaking up… but not the only part.
an unknown number of highly skilled agents - that’s two armed agents on either side of the door, four more fanned out behind them, about twenty feet into what is obviously a very large warehouse. A team of unarmed agents, flanking some sort of equipment over to the left there, and exactly twelve guys patrolling the perimeter,” he paused briefly to enjoy the way both Nick and Nat’s mouths went slack, before he added, “Super soldier hearing. Works even when you’re asleep. Means I already know that you have nothing on the other side of that door that I can’t handle - so, the
, he wasn’t going to get any sense out of any of them for a while. So much for the effects ‘wearing off’...
So, I hope this doesn't come over as flippant or frivolous, but I know this *is* a sensitive or uncomfortable topic for some people, so, fair warning - this chapter does include *some* discussion of The Accords. It's really not all that political, but, If you'd prefer to know gets talked about before you read, please see the end notes. If you prefer not to engage with any of the political stuff in any way, all you really need to know is that Steve and Tony talk while waiting for their next mark - and then skip to the chapter break to go straight to the plot.
And there was the exact same destructive compulsion that had gripped Tony during that very first appointment-
He didn’t wait for an answer before he tossed the first two guards up along the hallway. He let go of an animalistic roar, a sound he wouldn’t have known how to make before right now. The other two guards got the message and took off down the corridor at speed. The guy in the suit scrambled to do the same-
share, maybe. Imagining all the ways in which Tony could hold him down and take control of him and dominate him completely… And all the scenarios in which Steve could sweep Tony into him and dote on him and
When Steve met Tony’s eye again he found an expression of such naked sincerity - something that demanded attention.
“Is there a problem?” Tony frowned, trying to remember all the details from the Maximoff file. He knew there
“Well, I appreciate it, but there’s really no need,” Steve replied, eventually. “The stories about my susceptibility to sunlight have been greatly exaggerated.”
He sat up for just long enough to strip Steve out of his boxer shorts, his actions more focused and determined now. And Tony would’ve liked to have spent longer just
didn’t know if I was just making it up, or what it really was… And I didn’t want to scare you, and I didn’t want to lose you, and I didn’t really want to think about it myself, if I’m honest… And then, like I say, I thought maybe I’d try looking it up first…”
that the reasons Steve had given were the real ones – they made so much sense, given what Tony knew about him anyway. What he’d always known about him.
“To begin with, I really am a doctor, and a neurologist,” Dr Stape explained, not quite able to look at either of them. “And I never meant either of you any harm, and I wouldn’t have agreed to cause you any harm. I… I admit, the company perhaps exaggerated my experience
He knew there was a time, right back at the beginning, when he’d been anxious about the prospect of bringing Bucky home - although he struggled to remember it now.
All the weeks he’d spent picturing every perfect detail of Steve’s body, remembering all the pretty little noises he made, trying to recall the heat of Steve’s lips against his neck…
“I don’t think there is another door – but that might be better,” Steve added, already trying to plan the route in his head. “Means the staff are less likely to be heading that way.”
me rather than tear everything apart, you tell me it’s my fault because I signed The Accords. And then my best friend gets paralysed, because you couldn’t have your best friend put into any sort of psychiatric facility while we sort this out.”
None of which made these papers any less boring, or Steve any more invested in the tedious detail, per se. But it was incentive enough to keep going with it. It was enough to power him through the whole of the Vampires of Western Europe without any significant distractions, and keep him focused as he turned to the Vampires of Central Asia-
“Well, get in here then, and we’ll celebrate,” Pepper told him cheerfully, as the familiar shape of the Tower came at him out of the blur.
. Steve had to bite his lip to keep himself from from begging, the words shouting desperately in his head,
And he carried on resting his weight against Steve, as the warm water soaked through his hair and washed his body clean, occasionally peppering little kisses to Steve’s neck that were more affectionate than sensual. Eventually he let his head just fall onto Steve’s shoulder, his whole body pressed against him. And then Tony felt the firm caress of a washcloth over his back, the slippery sensation of luxury soap, softening his skin… He sighed, happily, and surrendered to it. Tilting his head back to let Steve run one hand into his hair… instinctively taking the washcloth, so that Steve could use both hands to work his hair into a lather… so that he could run strands of Tony’s hair over all ten fingers, as he let the water rinse through it…
Tony caught himself looking, as they reached the bar – and had to remind himself that it wasn’t really being ‘caught’ anymore. He kept having to remind himself. He wondered if this would ever sink in, if there would ever be a time when he was ‘used to’ Steve
, and roughly where I think I’m up to right now - and that is it,” he resolved, talking to himself now. “I am just going to decide
Just thinking like a person who had a date, forgetting to add the caveats and the cautions and the comparisons to other lives. All the things he’d been panicking about all afternoon must’ve just slipped away while he wasn’t looking. All those life-long concerns just sort of… fell asleep. Suddenly, Tony simply wasn’t thinking about them, and was quite relaxed about the fact that he wasn’t thinking about them, calmly filing them away for a later date like he used to with ‘grown up decisions’ when he was a teenager.
that he had to be careful, he over thought the danger to Adam’s skull and neck, he over corrected. He didn’t kick hard enough. And, yeah, it would’ve
Steve fell silent, deliberately looking away so that Tony had a bit more space to think. In the meantime, he considered his options - wondering if it was perhaps best to leave it there for now, and wait until Tony had processed that part of it, before he explained anything else-
to like everyone equally. His love and friendship is not something he’s obliged to hand out fairly, under the Captain Code of Conduct, or whatever… I think he feels bad for not liking me, sometimes. I think he feels as though he should have a reason… But I know he doesn’t need one. Sometimes you just don’t… gel with someone. Sometimes you have the people you feel safe going to with a secret, and the people you want to help you, and the people you want to
Well, obviously. That didn’t make Tony feel any better, because he’d never worried about that in the first place. And, more to the point, he didn’t care about that anyway. The idea of
“Because you never tell him what you’re thinking, and you clam up and run away every time a conversation gets too personal, and you never invite him to spend time with you, and you’re scared to laugh in front of him, and you’re always picking at him and second guessing him, and then when you had this huge news and this massive crisis you went to everyone else in the world
“Again though – he’s Captain America.” Rhodey reminded him. Tony rolled his eyes, and drained his coffee cup. He felt like he should have a lot of arguments to throw back at that… but, honestly, he was more interested in being convinced by what Rhodey was saying.
“If you wish last night hadn’t happened and you think it should never happen again, now would be a really good time to say, by the way,” Tony added, timidly-
. You could’ve at least tipped me off that there was a fucking Super Soldiers thing, before the airport. You could’ve told Nat. You could’ve sent me a message that said, the world is in danger, I can’t tell you why, but there is more going on –
He tried to fight the fears of what might happen, the nightmare mental images and the unanswerable questions about how bad it would feel. He knew that sitting here panicking about the outcome would only make it more likely – it would stop him thinking clearly, eat into the time he could have used to think of other things-
He’d almost worked up some enthusiasm for the idea, before that ominous resistance began to swell in his chest. That wordless feeling that it was likely to be more confusing than he expected and more effort than it was worth. The instinct to prepare for frustration and disappointment, which was apparently just his default setting now.
“On the upside, I’ve had a lot of really boring meetings to sit in and think about what we’re doing here,” he announced, gesturing to the data-case he had tucked under his arm.
But Steve had worked out – quite comprehensively, and about three minutes too late – that he felt something special for Tony. That he wanted Tony to feel
that flooded through his body in its wake. Every tension he’d been carrying, every emotion that was still too huge to process, every fear and outrage that he’d been forced to hold onto up until now… it all just washed away from him, leaving nothing but a wordless, floaty elation in its wake.
The memory of Steve, naked and tied down and blissed out, looking up at him with pleading eyes and whispering,
And then appraised Steve carefully for a few seconds longer, with seemingly no regard for the tension building between them…
“But really though” Steve carried on – completely missing the joke “We didn’t actually spend that much time together. It wasn’t like you and me, we didn’t– I mean, we did work together, but I don’t know what stories he could possibly have that he didn’t just read somewhere else, you know?”
But he’d been allowed not to know it the first time around, because, as it so happened, she hadn’t had the chance to do it to him.
And it wasn’t something he particularly wanted to do - or, if he was being really honest, something he saw much point in… But, for reasons that now escaped him, he’d taken it especially personally when
Instinctively, Tony turned to survey his surroundings, before he even bothered to think what he was looking for. Slowly, and somewhat begrudgingly, it occurred to him that he was probably worried about nothing. It wasn’t as though Steve, or Pepper or Nat, were out there somewhere on their own.
Steve threw him an unimpressed glare. He’d spent the entire meal dodging increasingly enthusiastic recommendations from both Bucky and Sam, so far ‘missing out’ on ten courses of alien tapas - all of which were life-changingly amazing, apparently.
...Didn’t he have to accept that people could change? Wasn’t that still a fundamental part of his ideology, however much that had developed recently?
you think you can’t… And I’m sorry you never felt like you could do that, before, but you can, I don’t-”
You couldn’t take joy in finding the solution to all of your problems without acknowledging the problems, after all.
that if they ran down the corridor, the guards would reach the top of the stairs before they made it. They’d be caught running away, and their cover would be blown. And the door to the right would just lead them to a dead end, he remembered-
“No, no, Tony, I didn’t mean that,” Steve implored, “I don’t - I just - I just meant I was sorry. That I would’ve told you, if I’d known…”
wish I never said anything. But that wouldn’t make it right. You deserve to know all this, and have your say on it, and change parts of it - leave me over it, if you want to. So… Maybe that’s not really a fully fledged plan, exactly. I mean, I do know more details than that, so far… but there’s a lot left to figure out, I know that… and that’s not really what this is about, anyway. This is me letting you know the person I really am and the life I really want. This is me… Promising to tell you what I do know. And what I’m not sure about. And… everything else besides…”
He didn’t dislike Tony Stark. Of course he didn’t. Tony Stark had sacrificed his time, and stepped out of his comfort zone, just to help them. He
He let those words echo through his head like a pleasant melody as he melted into Tony again, letting him stroke his hands over Steve’s neck and shoulders, slow and firm and affectionate… The space around him seemed to stretch beyond its own limit, his surroundings floating further away from him until he felt like he and Tony were the centre of purely theoretical universe. Time lost all meaning. Steve didn’t know if it was minutes or hours that he lay there in Tony’s lap, letting Tony caress his way down Steve’s back, and over his arms, and through his hair… Moving him effortlessly, bringing him to lie on his back so that he could look up at Tony, while Tony stroked his palms over Steve’s chest.
issues that I need to work on, for both of us… But, I promise, I’m going to treat you better. Even those things you don’t expect of me and wouldn’t ask of me – because you deserve it. You deserve a lot more than you’ve ever expected, and I love you, and I’m going to do it anyway. So there.”
put that off, for the time being. Maybe he could turn this into a decision that needn’t take any of that into account.
“This,” Steve conceded, with a grin. He heard the dull gasp of the refrigerator door being pulled open, the muted banging of Bucky grabbing several water bottles from the bottom shelf.
“Uh, I was cross referencing the different tracking codes they used and-” But he stopped himself with an impatient huff.
they understood that, that they were just interested in what else there was to know… And then, one day, they came in their thousands. With guns, and bombs – and chemicals.”
By now, he was beginning to believe some of the things he’d nervously considered in New Jersey and on Asgard. He’d genuinely dropped some of the habits that he’d started to question back on Morag. He’d started to
both real pieces. But taken as a whole… It could all be true and all fall into place and all be a part of this thing between them. This one complete picture, that did make sense…that was so much more beautiful than an easier puzzle would’ve been…
The room they’d been held in was at one end of a short corridor, which gave them just enough cover to stand and process their surroundings. They took turns stealing glances around the corner at an open plan lab area, now swarming with employees rushing to the staircase at the far end of the room. A quick calculation of the space suggested this wasn’t the entire ground floor of the building, that there was another room through the double doors at the back of the lab.
have him in cryo-freeze for a while… So I don’t know if that was a necessary part of his recovery, or if it would affect the information I
Maybe Steve had needed Tony to explain his point of view, to show him the rest of the picture, before he could really think about his own side of it…
He forced himself to breathe out, and shook out his shoulders, flexing his fingers at his sides in a bid to disperse some of this energy - grinning the entire time. The low growl of tires on the unpaved driveway drew closer, before a bright sweep of light flooded the back wall and then died away. Steve could so clearly picture Tony stepping out of the car, straightening his jacket, looking up at the house…
And, to be perfectly honest, the undercover mission didn’t seem nearly as important as this. Even when he reminded himself that lives could be at stake, that
Steve flushes when he becomes the center of attention. He clears his throat and glances down, finding the floor more interesting.
It’s late by the time Tony gets to the hospital. He rushes through the front doors and toward the maternity ward, repeating the number of the room over and over in his head. He reaches the correct floor and takes off in a small sprint until he’s standing at the door to the room. He slowly opens the door, careful not to disturb the people inside.
of it that Adam had unleashed in one go, the fact that he’d forced it directly into Steve’s blood stream-
“Is he okay?” Dev asked, gently. And Tony realised he had far too much to juggle, having to play-act in front of Dev and still trying not to have a breakdown over his earlier breakdown… he just didn’t have space left to wonder about that too.
And then he blinked, and closed his mouth, and screwed his eyes shut, and gave his head a little shake.
With that, Steve let his eyes fall shut, and set his mind adrift among this sea of wonderful thoughts…
“What the hell are you doing here?” Nick demanded, in a nervous voice that Steve had never heard him use before.
The morning after the night before, and something of a transition chapter for both of them - so, rest assured, this is more an indication of what they're each feeling RIGHT NOW, and does have a little bit of the 'unreliable narrator' to it... although the reality of their bond gets explored in more detail in the next few chapters ;-)
.” Tony hissed, before he could stop himself. And then, when Zen looked at him in surprise, he added. “That’s a secret.” Zan knotted her brows in confusion.
He forced himself to take a long, slow breath, subtly flexing his hands at his sides. Trying to silence the memory of angry voices and terrified screams. Trying to smother the images of burned out buildings and charred flesh. Trying not to feel, at all.
And maybe he would have quite liked to turn to Coulson with one final barb, just for his own sake, before he got to work.
Tony’s hand came to a confident rest on the sweep of Steve’s hip, his eyes settling and narrowing on one specific point.
Before long, they’d walked beyond the last of the stalls and stages, past the most reclusive of the picnickers, into a sandy landscape of empty shrub land. The grass beneath their feet yellowed and thinned, as they walked beyond the limits of what was worth maintaining…
to it, exactly… Now, it felt more like going to the hospital with a nasty wound. Treating this was probably going to be uncomfortable, possibly outright painful…
been nervous then. This whole thing made him incredibly…uncomfortable. And he didn’t really want to think about why.
sense, by the way, because I really thought when I did it that he wasn’t going to kiss me back. And, I mean, who kisses someone already thinking they aren’t going to kiss you back-”
He’d tried gathering the concerns together into one cohesive thought process, thinking it might be less overwhelming if he could name it or find a framework for it. But every time Steve thought he had an order or a shape to this thing, some random fear would shout up from nowhere and derail his thinking completely-
For one, he knew that in reality Bucky would simply panic - if not because an aged and apparently mutated Steve had accosted him in the street, then because a deranged forty year old stranger had…
Tony carried on rolling into that motion, falling into the rhythm of it, and Steve let himself move to meet him. And then Tony threw an arm around Steve’s neck, forcing him to break the kiss as he braced himself and shifted, rocking sharply against the outline of Steve’s cock. Steve barked a surprised moan as the pleasure coiled tight through his hips, a more visceral need flooding through him as it burnt itself out-
It took a concerted effort to tug the drawer open. Carefully, Tony picked a folded ivory paper from on top of the betting slips and receipts. It felt expensive.
The first one that Tony had come across that afternoon was blackened with mould, tearing at the creases as he tried to unfold it-
“That’s not your fault.” Steve frowned, sitting up a little straighter – and Tony huffed out a little laugh.
“Come on” Tony waved towards a couch at the edge of the balcony railing, at the very back of the room “I think we’ll be able to see most from there.”
And then he felt Tony’s hand on the back of his neck, and Tony dropping his head to whisper softly into Steve’s hair,
Trying to decide whether he was going with ‘we can forget about how angry I am, now that you’ve said you love me’ or ‘we can forget all about you saying you love me, because of how angry I still am’. There didn’t seem to be any middle ground. It was a choice between nurturing his rage or letting go of all of his feelings – and Tony wasn’t ready to commit to either, yet.
“Oh, yeah, Bucky said something like that,” Steve mumbled, painfully aware of how uncomfortable this was-
But for whatever reason, Tony now found himself caught up in a wave of emotions that he’d never felt before - and free from all the neurosis and nervousness that would usually be there.
He couldn’t tell anyone. That had always been the rule - and a single slip-up could’ve cost him his life, could’ve cost America the war, could still end the world if it got into the wrong hands.
And then she was handing him a little paper cup, and a bottle of water… He didn’t even know where she’d produced those
“Okay, if we live through this thing, you’re really going to have to tell me that story” Tony replied, glancing up at him and raising an eyebrow-
But, of course, back then, he’d assumed it was his last chance to see the Avengers as they used to be.
And then Steve felt Tony’s legs press up to the back of his thighs, Tony’s cock completely buried inside him, one hand moving from Steve’s hip to a firm grip on his shoulder.
Steve moved to pepper teasing little kisses along his jaw, Tony lifting his chin obligingly, letting Steve guide him – offering every inch of himself. Steve felt it burn through him, the pressure tightening as he worked his way down Tony’s throat, Tony pushing himself up against him. Steve kissed his way down Tony’s chest, lifting him by the hips so that he could get to more of him. He tasted of lemonade and suntan lotion.
...and he knew, objectively, he would likely do more harm than good, if he said something right now. He knew that this was a sensitive topic, that he’d learned about under unfair circumstances, that he was in no fit state to think about properly - and that he probably would’ve fumbled regardless. He
“You like helping,” Steve said, eventually. Tony couldn’t quite tell whether it was a question or not.
“Sorry,” he muttered automatically, as he took a token step backwards. Pepper fixed him with a curious look for a second or two, before she softened and told him,
Which was usually the start of other, less focused thoughts… Sometimes, at that point, Steve would just go from ‘pinned naked to a bed’ and proceed to lose endless minutes reliving tiny little details of that night. Sometimes he’d think back to that first time, in Tony’s workshop – getting to see it all anew, now that he had all this hope and excitement to apply to it. Sometimes Steve would start daydreaming about nights they
Steve’s arms folded tight around him, pulling Tony so hard against him that he almost pulled him off his feet. Immediately, Steve was flooded by a wave of euphoria, a wordless joy and overwhelming physical relief that rolled up through his body until it swallowed him completely - until there was nothing but the smell of Tony’s hair and the warmth of his skin and the dizzying happiness of being allowed to touch him…
Steve looked up at him with a dark sort of intensity, his fingers curling around Tony’s protectively. Tony felt his stomach knot.
or whatever…” And then, as Steve was trying to find words for how amazing he was, Tony glanced down at his feet and asked, “speaking of which, are those the Operation Rebirth files?”
capacity – how could he know whether Steve had just been permanently high since the first time Tony grabbed his wrist? Tony didn’t know what this bond was or how it worked or even if it was all in his own head – and how could he ask Steve whether he was in his right mind or not? How could Tony trust the answer?
Tony tried to smile at that… But he’d just recognised the source of this irritation. The struggle to explain his fears to Rhodey, to get Rhodey to take them seriously-
He knew that Tony owned a company, or ran a company, or both, and that company used to make weapons, and now made things that Bucky had filed under the generic heading of ‘tech.’
“Hey J, what’s up,” Tony answered on auto-pilot, with no intention of paying attention to the answer - his mind was fixed solely on his new priority-
It wasn’t until he was halfway through getting dressed again – into clothes he couldn’t remember retrieving, or Steve passing to him, he was so sleepy – that he thought to glance at the clock.
I SWEAR, this time the delay was down to my stupid internet connection, and not me 🙈 But, none the less, my sincere apologies -
Steve braced one arm around Tony’s waist, his hand pressed firm against the opposite hip, locking Tony hard against him as he began to rock, softly. Tony let go of a trembling breath, his hands going to Steve’s shoulders as he moved to meet his rhythm-
They came to a pause after a few minutes, each of them breathing a little heavier under the baking heat of the sky. By now, the festival had simmered down to a low hum far behind them, and there was nothing to obstruct their view of the tower, directly ahead. The sheer size of the building and the lack of any visual context made it hard to judge from this distance, but Tony had to guess that they were at least a mile away.
His doctor appointments were once a month, preferably in the morning after he’s gone on a run. He doesn’t push himself like he used to; he’s careful with everything he does. The life he was given to carry and nurture was too delicate for him to put at risk. Steve promised to be the best parent he could possibly be, and that’s exactly what he was going to do.
But the team is all together again and Peter gets his happy ending. And new cousins! One day I’ll write that SamBucky story.
He does as he’s told, keeping his gaze cast down and his mouth shut. He doesn’t feel like talking anyway.
“You’re comfortable here, huh?” Steve says softly and Peter peers up at the familiar sound of his voice. “Maybe we can stay with daddy a little longer, hm? Sound good?”
Tony lets out a deep sigh. He was used to this. He puts on the fakest smile he can muster. “Pleasure's all mine. Nice party you have going on here.”
Steve blocks the man coming at him, taking him down quickly and moving onto the next. A fiery pain shoots through him, forcing him to stop. One glance at his right shoulder confirms his suspicion; he’s been shot. Steve grits his teeth from the pain and keeps fighting, refusing to back down.
Nothing stays the same. Despite their promise to remain friends and teammates, it’s a struggle to get back to what they are used to. They can be civil when they have to be, but when they’re not teaming up to save the world, the awkwardness makes itself known between them.
“It’ll be okay.” Natasha places a hand over Tony’s shoulder and rubs the area soothingly. “We’re here for you.”
The drinking has gone from bad to worse. The day divorce papers arrived at his residence was when he picked up the bottle and never put it back down. Steve was gone for good.
“Uh-huh.” Tony’s voice is lower, more seductive than before. He steps closer, crowding Steve’s space and pressing up against him. “Wanna try it, sweetheart? Will you let me tie you up?”
Tony smiles and kisses his son’s cheek. “Yeah it does. Good job, squirt. Maybe one day you can help daddy build more, hmm? Maybe one for mama?”
When Bruce comes back, Peter is fast asleep. Steve had dozed off himself, only to be jolted awake when he scented his son’s presence. He sits up quickly, ignoring the pain that flares through his lower half.
Tony doesn’t get much sleep that night, not that he expected to. Just like Steve, he was trying to grasp the idea of having a baby. He didn’t know the first thing about being a father, but seeing that little boy changed something in him.
The alpha turns around and gives an order to the beta. “Draw more of his blood and analyze it carefully. I need to know how special this one truly is.”
“Anyway, so we were talking and they said I could live with you! Isn’t that awesome! I mean I’m sure they’ll want to talk to you since they’re my guardians but they’re willing to let me live with you all the time!”
“Do I smell like coffee? Mama says I do.” Tony chuckles softly. When James doesn’t respond and pulls back to curl up with Steve again, Tony frowns. It was going to take a lot to get the pups to open up to him.
“Honey, you okay?” Tony lays a hand over Steve’s thigh, rubbing the area soothing. Steve nods and grabs another gift bag to distract himself, but then Tony is stopping him. “Steve, what’s wrong?”
“Sorry,” Steve says quietly and tries to hide himself. His appearance had been another thing the pregnancy changed. Though his stomach didn’t distend like it should have, he still had a bit of pooch and his chest was swollen.
Peter pulls away and quickly wipes at his tears. He glances down at the suit again, smiling brightly at the thought of getting to wear it and do what he was destined to do. He knows his papa would be proud.
“Whoa, hey, calm down.” Tony immediately picks up on Steve’s dangerous tone and sits up to take his boyfriend’s hands in his own. “Honey, I’m sorry. I promise I’ll make it up to you.”
“Fuck, honey. Don’t stop.” Tony’s hand flies down to grasp Steve’s head, fingers tugging on the blond strands. Steve grunts from the sting but doesn’t stop.
The discussion of marriage never comes up again. Steve does his best not to dwell on it, but he can’t help but wonder why the topic never appears in any of the conversations. It’s almost as if Tony had forgotten he had even suggested they take the next step. But Tony wouldn’t just forget something like that. He must have something planned, or at least that’s what Steve decides to tell himself.
Those must have been the wrong words because Bucky is pushing Tony against the wall and gripping him tightly by the front of his shirt. He’s not even holding him with his metal hand; his flesh hand is strong enough to hold Tony in place and prevent him from moving. Tony sneaks a glance at the shiny metal just inches away from his face. He hadn’t even realized Bucky had raised his fist; it was that quick.
Yay now they're engaged and going to have a new home! There is only one chapter left so I will have that up soon. If I can do it tomorrow then that would be great, but who knows. Thank you so much for reading! I love you all!
But in the back of his mind he’s reminded of the last time they were together. It makes him sick just thinking about it and Steve rushes for the toilet, opening the lid and emptying the contents of his stomach into the bowl beneath him.
Steve does as he’s told, struggling at first to move his hips. He picks himself up until just the head of his alpha’s cock is inside, then lowers himself back down, moaning and throwing his head back when Tony fills him up again.
His legs wobble, threatening to give out. Steve uses the edge of the bed to steady himself. The staff is unable to help him stand, but even if they could, he didn’t have the strength to stand for long. His stomach cramps painfully, punching a pained gasp from his lips.
For most of the party Tony keeps to himself. He finds himself bouncing back between being alone or attached to Bruce’s hip. Peter gives Tony company when he can, but he gets carried away mingling with the rest of his family.
“Is he at least nice? I’ve read that Tony Stark is kind of a...wait...am I allowed to say? I don’t want to offend you or anything.”
“Shh.” Steve shushes soothingly, not wanting to wake his friends. He felt bad enough that they were here with him and missing out on sleep. “It’s okay, Pete. Shh, it’s okay.”
Peter shuts his eyes, but that only makes the image more vivid. He can still see his father on the table, covered in blood and struggling to fight. Tears well in his eyes and Peter squeezes them tighter, praying that the scene would end.
A soft pressure in his hand reminds him that he’s not alone and his eyes snap open, blinking back the tears before glancing down at the little boy holding his hand. His cousin smiles at him, the simple gesture enough to dry Peter’s eyes and bring a smile to his own face.
“You look amazing.” Tony’s smile appears to get bigger, more vibrant when he takes Steve’s hand. “Is this new?” Tony’s roaming eyes has Steve blushing almost instantly.
But then Tony’s wrapping his fingers around the collar of Steve’s shirt and tugging him forward to deepen the kiss. Steve moans into the kiss, his parted lips giving Tony the opportunity to slide his tongue inside his mouth. Tony brings him back and Steve follows.
The three of them make their way back to the elevator and ride it up in silence. Pepper gets off on one floor, making sure to silently threaten Tony before leaving the car.
“He was-he was here.” Steve glances around the room, the panic setting in again. “He was here. He was on me. I couldn’t breathe-”
Steve moves toward another poster, but before he can make a comment about it, a soft knock on the door interrupts and the doctor steps inside.
“I’m sorry. That must be rough,” Tony says. He doesn’t miss the way Steve snuggles closer to him. “You won’t have to worry about that. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Everyone but you,” Sam points out and Steve sighs. Sam shoots him a smile and wraps one arm around his shoulders. “I get it. You’re nervous.”
Tony pauses his work when he realizes the space around him has gone silent. He peers up from the gauntlet he’s been tweaking on.
Tony squeezes his eyes shut. He wants to ask about Steve’s death, but he doesn’t. He didn’t need Peter to relive that moment.
Nick holds onto hope as he makes his way to greet the Avenger. For years Captain Rogers has been under strict observation. The last thing the Director needed was another error in his project.
Steve knows she means to make up for not only waking up Peter, but because of Tony’s visit. There was nothing that was truly going to take away the hurt, but it was nice having her by his side. She could numb the pain, at least for a while.
He can’t help but hope they jinxed everything by breaking the news early. He can only cross his fingers.
“It’s fine,” Steve says and he steps further into the room, eyes roaming over the large space. He looks lost and out of place. Tony wonders if he’s always felt this way.
Peter nods but refuses to make eye contact. He fumbles with the lock again and this time Ned steps in to help. He has it open in seconds.
“Uh good. I mean she does poop a lot and sometimes she cried, but we did get along pretty well. She’s adorable, Mr. Steve sir.”
“You should have read the letters,” Bucky says. “Or answered every fucking call. He tried to tell you, but you didn’t listen because all you care about is yourself.”
Steve shakes his head, not wanting to believe that he could be carrying his abuser’s pup. He was only supposed to carry Tony’s. Tony was the alpha that loved him. Tony was his mate.
It angers him to know that this omega was being abused. And while he was pregnant. What kind of alpha would hurt their mate and risk the life of their unborn child? Tony is quickly reminded that Steve wasn’t bonded. He needed more of his story.
I just want to give a warning about the ending of this chapter. It gets sad and more intense with Steve. I'll be adding more warnings when I feel a chapter needs them.
The pleasured sighs and groans slipping past Tony’s lips should be enough. The feeling of Tony, hot and wet around him should be more than enough. And yet Steve still couldn’t get there. He thrusts harder, eyes squeezing shut as he focuses on the sounds his husband makes. It doesn’t work.
“Yeah,” Steve replies, though his answer appears forced. He’s aware of it too and he’s quick to offer assurance. “Just tired. And…” he glances down and gestures at his chest. “I don’t want to...leak again.”
Steve sighs again and glances down at his lap. “I don’t know. Some days are good, and then others are...they’re awful. It’s those days when sometimes I wish...sometimes I wish I never came out of the ice or that I died during that crash. It would have saved me from this.”
“And coffee?” Tony raises a questioning brow when Steve brings Tony’s favorite mug and puts it down in front of him.
The family of six leave and Steve is relieved to find Happy waiting outside for them. He sends a look Tony’s way and chuckles.
The voice taunts him every day, not once giving him a break from its abuse. Even the sounds he produces in the lab can’t drown out the voice. He deserved to be tormented. He deserved to feel Steve’s pain. He deserved to feel worse.
Steve panics and drops his hand. His fear must be evident because the alpha is reassuring him again.
The air around him shifts, filling with an abundance of sweetness and Steve realizes the session is done and the room is clearing out. Steve steps out of the way, avoiding the eyes of a few omegas that notice him on their way out.
Tony responds by sucking and biting down on the sensitive flesh, desperate to hear those noises again. Steve rewards him with more. His hand trails between them, down Tony’s chest and torso until it's hovering over Tony’s crotch.
Going on a mission is the last thing Tony wants to do. His son is almost three weeks now and Tony hates the idea of having to leave him and Steve behind.
Steve’s face burns with embarrassment. He never thought he’d be having a conversation like this with Tony. He tries to remind himself that at one point he’d been intimate with Tony, and not to mention that Tony had aided him during the delivery of their son. There was no reason for him to be so shy.
“It’s okay. I’m sorry for saying anything. I didn’t want to talk about the death of my parents either.”
“It’s okay,” Peter mumbles but it’s obvious that it wasn’t okay. He was hurt. And he had every right to be.
Harley is taken away to be cleaned up and looked over. He’s given a clean bill of health and swaddled in a blanket and a hat is placed over his head. Harley is placed back in Steve’s arms, and Steve brings his son close, cuddling him against his chest.
His ears are perked, waiting for any indication that Steve does in fact need help. But when all he hears is silence, he assumes Morgan had been easier to handle this time around. It’s tempting to go back to sleep now that Steve is taking care of the baby, but he finds himself feeling guilty for even considering that. Steve was the one lacking the most sleep, and it was only right that Tony care for Morgan.
The progress Steve and the pups have made so far was huge. The pups were more comfortable around not only Tony, but Bruce, Pepper and even Happy. Dr. Cho continues to see them on a regular basis and is thrilled with the changes she sees.
Morgan doesn’t bother sticking around. It was clear Harley was going to take away the attention she desperately craved.
He couldn’t do this. He shouldn’t even be here. His father should still be alive and together they’d be back at the compound. It was a cloudy day, perfect for cuddling up on the sofa and watching movies. It’s something they always did on days like this. But instead of watching a movie, Peter is watching his father be buried.
“Hmm.” Steve ponders for a moment. He had been content with the idea of blowing off his birthday this year, but in the back of his mind he can’t help but wonder what it would be like to celebrate. Things were different now. He wasn’t locked away and under Hydra’s control. He was free.
“Don’t worry about it. You shouldn’t even be apologizing. Tony hasn’t told me much, but he mentioned you being in a...toxic relationship.”
But with the urge to end the life of their unborn child only growing stronger each day, Tony knows he’ll have to hurt Steve. It was going to be painful to see his husband so distraught over the loss, but it had to be done. It would save them both pain in the long run.
Speaking to a total stranger would probably have the same results, but at least Steve wouldn’t feel like this person was going to use whatever he told them against him. S.H.I.E.L.D wouldn’t do that, though. At least, Tony hopes they wouldn’t.
The video ends and the next one starts. It’s during one of the many Christmas parties Tony threw every year. He’s recording again, showing off the large space the hired decorators had set up and commenting on the giant tree displayed in the middle of the room.
His eyes grow heavy and he shuts them, giving in to the exhaustion that consumes him. He dreams of a time when he wasn’t locked up and abused. Of a time when he was free and surrounded by people he loved.
But he could never ask Tony to move there of all places. Manhattan was Tony’s home and though maybe they could compromise, it was still risky to stay in New York.
Peter nods his head and excuses himself from the table. He takes his plate to the kitchen before going up the stairs to get ready for bed.
“He’s so little, Papa!” Peter giggles and pokes at his brother’s tiny fingers. Those same fingers wrap around one of his own and Peter gasps, eyes going wide and head snapping up to peer up at his papa’s smiling face. “He held my finger! Papa, look! I think he likes me!”
His hair is sticky and matted down, but Steve can still recognize the light shade; the Stark genes didn’t come through this time around. But then his son is opening his eyes and they resemble his own.
“I like the dog and I thought it would be a good distraction,” Steve sniffs again and raises his arm to wipe his nose again, forgetting about the stain he created before and making a new one. It only takes a second for him to realize his mistake and he sobs.
“You did so good,” he praises, lapping and kissing Steve’s fresh bond mark. Steve purrs in response. “You’re so perfect, so beautiful.”
Tony doesn’t blame the AI for ignoring him. It had been JARVIS who tried to convince Tony to stop drinking and find another way to cope. But Tony had ignored him, deciding he knew best. He needed a drink.
“And some of us-wait, you think I’m a hero?” Tony asks and Peter nods his head again. “Wow. Okay. I’m not gonna get emotional right now.”
Peter was already dressed in his costume and this time didn’t end up with a scribbled mess on his face. Tony had stepped in this time to help with the fake goatee and adjust the tie around his son’s neck.
“Come here, kiddo,” Tony opens his arms and James shakes his head. Tony sighs and drops his arms to his side. “It’s okay. You don’t have to talk to me yet.”
Peter’s voice rings out. “I’m home! Sorry I’m…” He steps into the kitchen, brows furrowing at the familiar faces he finds. He wasn’t expecting everyone to be over. “H-hey, Auntie Nat, Uncle Bruce.”
“Spread your legs,” Tony instructs and Steve complies, his legs falling open and displaying his most intimate area. Tony’s eyes are immediately drawn to the tight, pink hole. His cock begs to fill it up. “You’re so fucking sexy. Fuck look at you.”
. Bruce reminds himself. But by the way the story has been told, it was starting to look like Tony Stark was indeed dead.
Together they leave and Steve makes sure to thank Pepper on their way out. Upon entering their private quarters, they’re met with a messy living room and crying. Peter is doing most of the crying but Happy appears like he’s ready to join him.
“Go away! I’ll be fine!” He calls out. Steve is persistent and knocks again. Tony finds himself moving toward the door. He stops in front of it.
“Don’t be,” Sam assures. Then he’s asking, “So what brings you here? I know this is the difficult part but we’re not here to judge okay? We’re here to lift each other up.”
Flash nods again, then he quickly turns away and disappears down the hall, leaving Peter to wonder what kind of conversation they would be having. He could only hope Flash was still on his side.
“I got you, Steve. Just breathe. In and out,” Bucky instructs, his voice calm and soothing. Steve whimpers and clings to his friend tightly.
The nausea comes and goes throughout the morning, but Steve pushes it aside, forcing himself to forget about it and focus on the appointment. It wasn’t difficult for Tony to find a doctor, nor was it an issue to transform a section of the medical bay to fit his and the baby’s needs. It was surreal being in a new room with equipment Steve never imagined seeing.
Tony ignores the condolences and pours his drink. He chugs it down, wincing from the burn it leaves. He’s ready to pour another, but then he screams and throws the glass, watching it shatter and make a mess on the floor. He screams again and throws all of the bottles and glasses at the bar until there’s nothing left to smash.
He blames himself for everything. He told himself he wouldn’t do that anymore. He told himself that there was plenty of blame to go around, but he didn’t feel like that now.
“Don’t worry about it. You might have to take him earlier than we scheduled. I’m needed for an assignment.”
Steve nods and glances around the chairs already set up in a circle. He finds one closer to the chair he knows the alpha will occupy once the session begins. He’s only known Sam ten minutes and already he’s warming up to him.
Steve hated his new attitude toward Tony. It was like they both had gone backwards instead of forwards, treating each other like they did before taking their relationship to the next level. That relationship was over now and it was becoming clear that nothing was going to be the same between them again.
“And then we drove around in this really cool car! But that’s not even the best part! We went to his tower! I know you said it’s a big ugly building, but it’s so cool! We went inside his penthouse and-oh my gosh he has everything!”
Tony glances over his shoulder to give his husband a reassuring smile. Steve only shakes his head and returns back to cleaning up the kitchen.
“Bucky, stop,” Sam tries to defuse the situation. He squeezes Bucky’s flesh hand and eyes the metal one when it rolls into a fist.
The sound of laughter fills his ears the moment Peter steps into the kitchen, and he smiles at the scene of his Uncle Sam and Bucky lost in another banter. He leans against the entryway of the kitchen, watching them act like a couple of children. It was just like old times.
Tony places kisses along the omega’s exposed lips and jaw, trailing his lips lower, wanting to bite and mark the spot that he knows will bond them forever. Only, he’s met with resistance. His lips graze over smooth leather; a collar has been placed over the omega’s neck. Tony growls.
Steve waits a few days after Bucky comes home before he breaks the news. The last thing he wanted to do was bombard his team with new information after they’ve just welcomed a new team member, and lost an old one.
Steve sighs softly and lays the wet cloth down on the nightstand. He climbs onto the bed, taking the spot on the opposite side of their son. Tony’s still awake, but not for long. This day always drained him, too.
They hadn’t had any physical contact since their daughter was born. Steve still didn’t have the green light from his doctor to continue intimacy, but even if he did, he wouldn’t dare let Tony see his new figure. There was nothing appealing about it.
By some miracle Steve accepts Tony’s apology and begins sleeping in their room again. Tony’s not sure how many times he apologized until Steve accepted and rewarded him with a kiss Tony knows he doesn’t deserve. He doesn’t deserve Steve.
Tony carefully leads Steve over to the bed, only to stop when another contraction decides to hit. Steve cries out and doubles over. He grips Tony’s hand and the alpha grunts in pain.
“I can’t say I’m not disappointed,” Alpha says. “You still have issues with complying. You’re lucky you have that pup in your belly or I’d be forced to issue another training session.”
Steve screams and throws his head back. His lower half burns, the pain so intense it brings tears to his eyes. He can still hear Tony counting and he forces himself to keep going.
Tony hadn’t meant to wake up grumpy. If anyone asked about his sour attitude he had no problem letting them in on all of his issues. Complaining was probably getting on everyone’s nerves, but they weren’t pregnant like he was. They weren’t dealing with the discomfort that came with making another human being.
“Just hear me out,” Bucky insists. “It hasn’t just been me noticing how different you’ve been. I know the new baby has been an adjustment but how you feel about Tony-”
But Steve wasn’t going to get better overnight. Occasionally he would stay in the shower longer than normal, or his morning runs would exceed their normal time. Tony didn’t worry too much about it. Those were the times when Steve would get a break from Morgan. And Tony promised him more breaks.
Their lips meet again and Steve’s touches grow more confident. He remembers how to touch and please Tony; he could never forget, even if he wanted to. He knew just what Tony liked.
“Yeah...I think so. I’m freaked out but...I promised I’d be there and now that I know it’s mine...I have to be. I want to be.”
His phone dings and he quickly takes it out of his pocket, finding a text from Ned. Peter’s fingers hover over the keyboard, unable to form a proper response. He gives up and slips his phone back into his pocket, then quickly freshens up and makes his way back to the cafeteria.
Tony reaches down to cup the baby’s head in his palm. He doesn’t see the cord wrapped around its neck and he’s able to relax. But whatever calmness he feels is quickly disappearing when Steve lets out another scream. It’s painful to both hear and witness.
And now here they were, learning about the family member Tony didn’t want. He can’t be happy. He just can’t.
The secret he was keeping was too big for just one person and he needed someone to share it with. That person was Ned.
Morgan eyes the pinkie finger her dad expects her to take with her own, for a moment contemplating if the promise they make would hold up. She’s reluctant but eventually seals the deal with a small smile.
“This is it. We’re finally going to meet him and he’s going to be this tiny, delicate little thing and I....I don’t want to mess him up. What if I drop him? Or forget to pick him up from school?”
Peter flushes and turns away to hide his growing blush. “Y-yeah. I mean...not all the time. Uncle Bucky...told me more. Not about you and him! Just...other stuff.”
“Honey, what are you doing?” Tony asks, eyes darting in the direction of the bag and then up again to meet Steve’s.
Steve stills the movement of his hand, not wanting to bring Tony over the edge yet. “Get the lube,” he suggests.
His screams of anguish end the heavy silence. He clings tightly to his father, screaming and begging for him to come back. But it was too late. He was gone.
Peter nods again and lies back. He turns toward the machine beside him, eyes glued to the blank screen.
Peter’s glad the statue had been replaced. It was his dad who fixed the mess Peter had made. Peter still feels guilty for destroying it.
Steve does his best to ignore the puzzled looks being sent his way. His teammates knew that wherever he went Tony was sure to follow. Steve glances at the door, waiting for it to open and for his husband to walk through it. They were supposed to be going together, but Tony insisted Steve go without him and he’d catch up.
“I know, sweetheart. I’m so sorry. I wish I could take all your fear and pain away. I’d give anything for you to be happy.”
Peter nods his head and opens his arms when he’s instructed to. Harley is carefully placed in his arms. He’s tiny and a little wiggly, but Peter loves him anyway.
Movement catches his eye and Steve directs his gaze on the stairs. He can make out a huddled form sitting on the last step, dark curls hiding the face that is probably streaked with tears. Steve sighs again and makes his way over to his other son, quietly calming Harley when the eldest realizes they’re moving toward his mean brother.
He didn’t care if his son was an alpha. Any prejudice and fear Steve had for them didn’t exist with his son. Peter would grow up to be like his father. Tony was strong, smart, selfless; Peter would possess those same qualities. At just a few weeks old, Peter was already proving that he was one of the good ones.
Steve’s stomach coils tightly as he and Tony follow the agent to her superior. Tony takes his hand, giving it a tender squeeze to help ease the omega’s nerves. Steve knows he shouldn’t be afraid, but he feels his fear is understandable. He didn’t do well with strangers. He had lost all trust in others.
The touch is back, this time with more pressure. Steve glances up to find Tony staring at him with a worried look on his face.
“Take it easy,” Steve says softly and helps Tony back into his original position. With Tony lying back down, Steve lowers himself back in the chair the room provided. It wasn’t very comfortable but it beat Hydra’s base.
Peter doesn’t tell anyone about the idea to meet his dad. They haven’t said it to his face, but he knows how they feel about him. He’s heard the fighting between his family and between them and his father. His dad was not well liked among their small family. And Peter understood why.
Morgan nods. “Will he be here tomorrow? He promised he’d help with my science project. It’s not due yet but I wanted to get a head start.”
“Don’t. Don’t say that. No one said this was gonna be easy, but we’ll stick together and figure it out as we go. It’s gonna be fine.”
But he still yearned to know his dad. He wanted to know if he had changed over the past few years. Maybe his dad was different now and was looking for him. Peter didn’t want to get his hopes up though.
“Will you stop saying that! I did have a choice and I made the wrong one! You know I’d like to consider myself a pretty good guy but maybe I’m not. Maybe I’m just like that alpha you’re running from. Maybe I’m worse than him.”
Steve leans forward, resting his hands on Tony’s shoulders and pushes again. He screams through it, then he’s slumping back. He musters enough energy to lift his head and he meets Tony’s eyes before darting down to what Tony has in his arms.
“Nah. If anything I did it. I didn’t mean to lash out back there. I guess I’m just...confused. Angry.”
Tony is barely able to lift his wrists, but a little binding wasn’t going to scare him in siding with the bad guys. “What is this? A scare tactic? I’ve been tied up before. Do I have a safe word?”
“I’ll sneak you out okay?” Peter whispers to Flash. He doesn’t even wait for Flash to respond, and he quickly reaches for his hand and drags him toward the front door, praying they don’t get detected.
Steve takes a moment to compose himself. He didn’t know Tony was planning a trip back to New York. The plan was that they’d both return after the baby was born, or at least that’s what Steve had thought. He knew Tony was a busy man and had a huge corporation to run, but the thought of being alone while Tony was across the country was terrifying.
“Don’t interrupt me!” Alpha yells, slamming his fist down on the table. The omega flinches. His facial expression softens. “I’m trying to take care of you,” he says, his voice softer this time. He moves closer to the table until he’s standing beside the omega, and he reaches out to cup Steve’s cheek. “You’re an important part of Hydra’s plan. You understand that, don’t you?”
“You did a lot,” Steve interrupts. “I don’t know what I would’ve done if you hadn’t been there. She’s here safely because of you.”
“Relax, Omega. I have a good feeling about this one. The alpha chosen for the conception is extraordinary. His genes are exactly what we’ve been looking for.”
For a moment he forgets that their relationship is ending. It’s hard to think about anything else when Tony is currently pleasuring him in the best way possible. The feel of Tony inside of him is unlike Steve has ever experienced. He was going to miss this.
Steve moans and grips Tony’s hair harder, causing the alpha to wince from the sting. He ignores the discomfort and continues to pleasure his mate, enjoying the sounds Steve makes. He adds another finger and increases his pace.
The door opens and Alexander Pierce steps into the room, his faithful dogs with him. Tony growls in warning when one gets too close to Steve, and he lunges forward when they issue a kick to Steve’s side.
Steve doesn’t respond like he normally does, and instead he grumbles some kind of response Tony can’t decipher. Steve takes the spot Peter was occupying earlier, folding his arms over the table and resting his head on them.
Steve is hesitant. The last time he had been out was the day he bumped into Tony. He was embarrassed to say that was his first experience in this new world. He was never granted permission to leave Hydra’s walls. Whatever he needed, Alpha made sure was within his reach without having to step foot outside of the building that housed him for years.
“Steve?” Tony calls out behind the closed door and knocks. He doesn’t get a reply at first, and he figures Steve has fallen asleep. The omega was tired most of the time, probably due to his body working overtime to create the life inside of him. Tony wishes he could do more to make the omega comfortable.
“Stop, stop.” Steve laughs and pushes Tony away. “We’re going to be late for school and your meeting.”
Not much has changed since the last time Tony’s set foot through the cemetery gates. The trees are a little greener with spring now in motion, and grass is beginning to sprout. There’s a couple of new graves, the soil still fresh. It’s just another reminder that death was always going to be there.
“Tony, I am trying. You don’t think I want that, too? I just...I just don’t know how. How is the world going to look at me? Anyone who does happen to know who I am thinks I’m dead. Sometimes I think it’s just easier if we let them continue to think that.”
Steve and Peter’s bond 🥰 Peter is lucky to have Steve and Steve is lucky to have his little Spider-Kid.
Steve eyes him closely before turning and leaving, reminding him that dinner would be ready in an hour. Peter closes the door again and rests against it, blowing out a deep breath.
“I am! I’m thinking about the pain he’s putting me through. Oh fuck!” Tony whimpers and more curses and cries of pain slip past his lips. He grows tired of standing in the middle of the room and has Steve escort him back to the bed. Lying down doesn’t help rid the pain.
Tony sighs again and rests his head against the door. “Pete, I’m sorry. I’m sorry you had to find out. We didn’t know how else to tell you. Can you let me in please?”
But his friends weren’t oblivious or stupid, they could read him and tell whenever something was bothering him.
It was Happy who insisted on driving him. Usually Tony would’ve argued and driven himself, but his bodyguard was persistent. Tony had no choice but to give in.
Peter takes his plate to the sink and then rushes to his room to grab his backpack. He takes a moment to compose himself before exiting his room and heading back downstairs.
Steve spins around just as Brock raises the baton to issue another hit, gripping the weapon in his hand and ripping it out of the alpha’s grasp. Steve pushes Brock into the wall and presses the baton against his throat. With the alpha unable to escape, Steve frees one hand and collides his fist with Brock's jaw. There’s a mixture of surprise and fear written on Brock’s face when Steve raises his hand to strike again. Steve is only able to catch a glimpse of the alpha’s expression before it’s fading away and a smirk is taking its place.
Tony doesn’t even hear him come in or if he does he chooses to ignore him. Steve hopes he didn’t upset the alpha that much. He’d apologize profusely just to make things right.
Peter’s face burns with embarrassment and he purposely avoids his papa’s face when he mutters, “A few weeks ago.”
Tony lets out a sigh. “I'm sorry. I swear if I would've known then I would’ve been there. I wouldn’t have missed something important like that.”
Tony doesn’t bring up the fact that Steve had called him multiple times a day and wrote him more than just a few letters. It was obvious Peter didn’t know the full story. Tony wasn’t ready to share it with him yet.
Bucky’s smile widens when Peter slips one tiny arm free to grasp one of the metal fingers on Bucky’s hand. Peter must find some kind of comfort in the cool metal because he yawns again and his eyes fall shut.
“I know. We all did. Sweetheart, I’m so sorry.” Tony’s own eyes shine with tears, but he holds back, not wanting to break when Steve was already broken. He had to be strong.
Being up in his penthouse beats stuck in his office all day, but even the comfort of his own home fails to distract him from his thoughts. He spends most of his time locked away in his lab, tinkering and updating projects that needed his attention. But even then he struggles to focus.
Rollins follows with the whimpering pup and gestures to the rest of their men. Steve doesn’t fight this time when hands are on him again and forces him to his feet. He complies just like he said he would.
The kitchen is a mess after breakfast is made. He wasn’t the chief of the house; Steve was the cook. But with his husband fast asleep and their five-year-old demanding food, Tony had no choice but to attempt cooking.
Steve smiles and comes over to take Peter into his arms. Tony doesn’t mean to do it, but it’s difficult not to stare. There was something about seeing Steve after one of his runs. Maybe it was because it was one of the few times Tony's able to witness Steve laid back and relaxed. Running has always been a way for Steve to clear his mind, forget all his worries. Or maybe it was because of the tight shirt Steve always had to wear, or the look of his flushed, sweaty appearance. Whatever the reason, Tony liked it.
The closet isn’t all what he expected, but he shouldn’t be surprised either. The ‘humble home’ as Tony liked to call it was anything but and it made sense that his closets would be just as extravagant. The large space reeks of the alpha; it’s impossible to choose what Steve wants to smell first.
Tony joins Steve on the bed, leaning over to rest his head on his shoulder so that he can get a glimpse of their sleeping son.
Steve smiles and leans in to close the small gap between them. Their lips meet in a gentle kiss. Tony brings Steve even closer and wraps his arms around him, holding him tight. Steve nuzzles against the crook of Tony’s neck, inhaling the comforting scent of his alpha. He purrs.
His teammates don’t try to force him to stay. Sleep doesn’t come easily, and for most of the night Steve is left tossing and turning. His stomach is still bothering him, but it’s not just the morning sickness that’s getting to him. He needs to tell Tony the truth.
“I don’t want to lose you either,” Steve admits. His eyes glisten with fresh tears and a few roll down his face. “I don’t want to lose me. But I am, Tony. I feel like I’m not myself anymore and I don’t know how to get the old me back.”
“I didn’t have a choice. And didn’t really know about-ah! Tony!” Steve doubles over. He finds purchase in Tony’s shirt, gripping the material and twisting it when the contraction peaks.
His heart is racing and his palms grow sweaty. He wipes his free hand on the front of his jeans. The other is gripping the envelope tightly.
Peter gasps, eyes widening when he meets familiar blue ones in the mirror. He spins around to face his papa, finding him standing in the doorway.
“Shh, sweetheart, it’s okay. If you want to keep it then I’ll raise it like my own. And if you want to go another route then I’m fine with that too. The choice is yours. You can make your own choices now.”
“Come on,” Tony urges, growing excited when that whimper escalates in volume. The loud wail the baby produces is relieving and Tony can no longer keep his tears from falling.
They hadn’t had a chance to sit down and talk about their relationship and what was next for them. It was difficult to find the time when both Peter and Tony required round the clock care.
The large bed in the center had always been a part of his plan. Its purpose was to be comfortable enough for him to rest and recover, and for Steve to be close by if he were to need him. There was no way in hell Steve was sleeping on the couch on the other side of the room.
“Guess I wasn’t sure. The last time we really said anything to each other was the day you accused me of being a whack job and using Tony.”
Tony growls and crawls toward his mate. “Waiting is difficult for me. Especially when I have such a sexy omega in my bed.”
But that doesn’t make Steve yearn for his mate any less. He understood that Tony was busy meeting with his team to work on a story for the media. The news of Tony’s rescue was still floating around the media, and sooner or later Steve’s side of the story was going to need to be told.
His husband is in the rocking chair, one elbow propped on the armrest and his head resting in his hand. He’s snoring softly, chest rising and falling with each breath he takes. His other arm is wrapped around the growing bump.
“I know. But we can still visit him and we’ll be distracted when we’re not. We have to get his room in order.”
For a moment Peter wonders if that person could be him, but he quickly backtracks. He can’t raise a baby, not when he was just a kid and trying to graduate high school. He wanted to go to college and eventually meet the right person and settle down. Flash was definitely not that person.
“Yeah.” Tony nods and glances down at the mess he’s made, eyes welling with tears. “My snacks! Steve, I need more! I need more blueberries otherwise this whole experience is ruined! I need my damn blueberries!”
But when he’s greeted with nothing, his heart shatters and a choked sob escapes him. Tony’s taking his hand, the gentle squeeze a reminder that he was still there, that he was always going to be.
Steve knew his fear, and every time he had to remind Tony that he wasn’t Howard and their children will love him no matter what. Tony wanted nothing more than to believe his husband’s words. But all he could think about was hurting the family Steve so badly wanted.
Steve grimaces and offers to take his son back. Bucky gives Peter a kiss on his head before handing him back to Steve.
“They’re resting now but one of the physicians wants to look over them. I need to be there to calm them down,” Steve replies with another sniff.
A scream tears through his throat when he’s penetrated. He flails his arms and kicks his legs in protest against the unwanted intrusion. He’s gripped again by the jaw, sharp nails digging into his flesh and bringing new tears to his eyes.
The contraction eventually ends, giving Steve a minute to catch his breath. He finds himself dozing off, comfortable in his friend’s arms.
“He never rests huh?” Tony jokes and places both hands over Steve’s belly. It was larger now and often Tony wondered if their son was truly going to take after Steve. Steve’s build was much bigger than Tony’s and if their son inherited the serum then there was no denying he’d inherit Steve’s stature.
“I think you need to really think this through. If you need to talk then please talk to us. I can’t stress it enough.”
“That feels so good,” Tony moans. He slips his foot free and offers Steve his other one. “This one hurts the most. Don’t be afraid to be rough.”
The base is a lot larger than Tony anticipated. He had only been shown two rooms and even that had only been scratching the surface. He keeps his guard up and the handgun raised in front of him as he moves through the corridors. No alarm has been raised yet, but eventually his luck was going to run out and Hydra would step out from the shadows.
“And you’re attractive you know.” Tony leans casually against the counter. Steve peers up at him and Tony blushes. “Uh I mean...you have a nice...face.”
Brock Rumlow steps into the room, his signature smirk etched on his face. “Don’t give me any more problems, Omega. I’d hate to mess up your pretty little face.”
I was on my lunch break and forced myself to finish this chapter. It’s on the short side and I guess more of a filler, but the next one will have more angst 😈
Even if Steve wanted to respond, he’s left unable to speak. Another cramp is building, forcing Steve to let out a groan instead.
Tony complies with the order and works quickly on shedding his clothing. Steve isn’t too far behind and his clothes soon meet Tony’s in a piled mess on the floor.
“Give us a minute, Pete,” Bucky says. Peter doesn’t even protest and immediately heads toward the door. He smiles at Sam one last time before leaving the room and shutting the door on his way out. Bucky sighs heavily and leans back in his seat, slipping his hand free from Sam’s to rub at his forehead.
It shouldn’t matter how he looks, but yet he finds himself beating himself up every second of every day. His daughter was a month old and yet he still couldn’t bounce back to what he used to be before she arrived.
Tony immediately releases his hold and Steve gasps as he takes a large breath of air. He chokes and grabs his throat. Tony pulls out and leans back, shocked at what he had just done.
Tony ignores him and goes in search of Steve, doing his best not to fear the worst. He knows that Steve was safe here and Pierce hadn’t snuck in and snatched the omega away, but the feeling that settles in the pit of Tony’s gut is still difficult to ignore. Something wasn’t right.
A knock on the door is what cuts him off and his head is snapping in its direction. Relief washes over him when he hears Tony’s voice behind the door.
Getting over Steve is a lot harder than Tony anticipated. Steve wasn’t like past partners and one nightstands; everyone before him was easier to forget. But Steve was never going to be like anyone else. He was different from the start.
Tony smiles again, this time brighter than before. He pulls Steve close and presses his lips against Steve’s.
“Please,” Steve begs, thrusting up against the hand that’s pleasuring him. Tony rewards him with more pressure. That same hand pops the buttons of his jeans open and slides inside, causing Steve to moan. “Tony, please. More.”
Tony can’t bring himself to look in his son’s direction. Peter isn’t even looking at him anymore, his gaze is cast down. When he does look up, the sight of his tear filled eyes hurts more than the voicemail.
The party is going well. Pepper had managed to get away from her busy schedule and fly in with Happy to attend. Bruce had promised he’d come if he was free, and truth be told, Steve was hoping the beta would arrive. Bruce was someone he’s grown comfortable around and the hole his presence left was palpable.
After the service, only a few stay behind. Peter finally finds the courage to approach the casket and he reaches out, running his hand over the smooth wooden surface.
“It’s okay,” Peter assures, still scratching under Alpine’s chin. “Uncle Sam is going to be Captain America. I’ll just be Spider-Man.”
Steve has heard similar words before, but it had been Bucky who had said them to him. Just the thought of his best friend dampens Steve’s mood.
Steve sighs and dresses quickly, then he joins Tony in bed and pulls him close, smiling softly when Tony doesn’t push him away.
Tony frowns and swipes his finger over the screen again to pull up the next option. “I will. I just want to get this done so I can show him.”
“Peter was only-he was still so little! And now he’s gone! And Steve’s gone!” Pepper continues to sob. It was heartbreaking to hear her cries. Just like Bruce, she barely knew the omega that Tony was so infatuated with, but they took the time to get to know him and found out he was someone they could consider a friend, family even. And now, he and his young pup were gone too.
Tony curses to himself when his brain refuses to remember the details. There was an omega, but the image of him is blurry. Tony would never forget his eyes, though. They were the bluest eyes he’d ever seen.
“Have a seat,” Tony gestures to the chair in front of his desk. He sits down in his own chair. He doesn’t miss the way the other alpha’s eyes roam over him.
“So? That’s not going to be enough to push me away. I want to stick around and...I don’t know...maybe one day you can come live with me.”
Steve leans against the counter, a heavy sigh escaping him. It doesn’t go unnoticed by the alpha, and Tony stops what he’s doing to give his mate his full attention.
“You did good by the way,” Sam compliments. “I know it’s scary talking in front of everyone, but you did good.”
It’s Steve who growls this time, and he sends his mate a warning look. “Tony, enough. He helped us and our pups.”
“I was approached by Dr. Erskine, and he was the one who offered me that chance. Dr. Erskine wanted omegas to be equal. His serum was meant to make them stronger. That’s why I’m this way. It affected me differently, though. He told me it would. It makes good great.”
They don’t say much as they enter the elevator. Peter rocks back and forth on the balls of his feet, eyes roaming over the car as it makes its way to its destination. He takes out his phone, shooting both Ned and his uncles a text. He had a feeling he would be home late again.
Hello! I’m posting this on my lunch because I couldn’t wait until I got off work. I think this is one of the longer chapters so that’s good, right? I hope you all are doing well! And enjoy this chapter 😊
He turns around, half expecting them to shut the door and envelope him in darkness, but the door remains open to allow someone else inside.
They resume their work and Peter starts up again with his stories. The bond between them still had room for improvement, but it was getting there. Tony was confident that one day they’ll be close and feel like a real family.
Steve makes another painful sound and rolls over onto his side, hoping the change of position would alleviate the pain in his back. Bucky reaches out to rub along Steve’s lower back, emitting a small moan from his friend.
“Hey, Da-Mr. Stark. I wasn’t sure when we were supposed to meet so I just thought to come by and see if you were here and you were so-”
Steve’s sitting cross legged in the middle of the room with Morgan. He’s helping her balance on her tiny legs and she giggles and bounces in delight.
Steve doesn’t hesitate to make the trade, and once Morgan is passed off to Tony, he disappears to the living room.
“So,” Steve starts and he moves closer until he’s near Tony. He takes a seat beside him. “I guess we should…”
“You can come in. I won’t bite,” Sam teases with a small chuckle. His back is turned as he tidies and prepares the room for the next session.
It wouldn’t be too late to call Bucky and have him meet him on the third floor, but he assumes his friend is busy and he slips his phone back into his pocket. Bucky was probably training with Sam anyway. They didn’t get along initially, but now they were starting to get used to each other’s presence and Steve was beginning to pick up on their not so subtle hints. Something was brewing between them, and Steve was happy.
“Me? Yeah. This is…” Tony pauses for a moment and scans the room of familiar faces. His gaze stops on Steve. “Great. Best party ever.”
Steve lets Tony in. They pass by the second bedroom that will eventually be turned into their son’s, and Tony places the boxes inside until they are ready for them. Steve is already shedding off his t-shirt once he’s in his room, grimacing at the mess he finds it in. He quickly rolls it up and tosses it into the hamper with a heavy sigh. He forgets that Tony is still lingering in the doorway and he flushes when he glances up to find him there.
“If you want me to say yours then I’m afraid I can’t do that. I’m on no one’s side. But perhaps you should be on his.”
