as you call them
“Um, Earth is fine. But, uh, Heaven… It’s not doin’ so hot.” Dean picked at the wrapper of his water bottle. “A lot of angels are dead because of C—”
. The only one that matters. I’m gonna take you to Heaven, where the angels sing and dance and well, y’know, sin…for a price.”
“I’ll say,” Dean muttered with a smirk as Castiel climbed up the steps and walked around Dean, settling against the fencing beside him.
Winchester glared at her, but remained still, letting Meg finish her job.
“I have blood,” Cas replied irately from the next room over. “What use is it to me otherwise?”
The door swung open, and the homeowners peered out through a crack, the bolt lock chain looking like a crown above the husband’s head.
The air felt thick as they stared at each other, and Castiel held his breath as he slowly held out his hands, the chains swinging between his wrists.
. Something happened inside him, and he’d attributed it to the fading fever at first, but Sam and Dean often forgot that Castiel was still an angel. A weak angel with wings shredded to strips, but he was still an angel. He’d heard them speaking in the room loud and clear, even through the rickety chipped door and the spray of the shower.
Whether this was the best blow job ever given was something that they had yet to discover together, but the way Dean’s lips were stretched around the heavy flesh of Castiel’s penis made anything else hardly matter. Dean’s lips were swollen and red, and the sight alone had Castiel’s balls tighten up into his body, pushing a rush of arousal to a peak he wasn’t sure he could come down from.
“I got a bunch of non-perishables,” Dean prattled on, hoping that if he kept talking she wouldn’t interrupt or stop him, and hoping that if he kept his hands busy, she wouldn’t see them shake. “That shit basically never expires so you can keep it for a while. There’s like, granola bars and stuff, too so you can eat on the way to work and no one on the bus is gonna stare at you weird, ‘cause it’s not like you’re eating a bowl of cereal, heh. And, like, there’s other things in here that I let the lady at the store pick out. Just so you know when you open that bigger box and there’s a breast sucker thing in there…” Dean shrugged, wincing at Cas as he gestured to one particular bag that seemed to have corners. “Eh, but, uh, you probably already have that, right? I dunno. I’ll give you the receipt, you can exchange stuff if you already got it, I--”
Their hands joined, fingers linked, they swayed quickly—Castiel noticed, with a spike of glee, that he was much smoother of a dancer than his new partner. But the other guy made up for it in charm, pulling jokingly ‘sexy’ faces and sharing contagious smiles through the song. The song was upbeat and by the middle, he felt his hairline and face begin to sweat, and for his palms to get sticky. Still, while he would’ve otherwise felt mortified, Cute Guy watched their feet, his face red over his cheeks as he followed Castiel’s feet, not giving a crap about sweaty hands.
In the dirt, Gadreel did not turn away from the spray of dirt, instead bowing his head and simply raising a hand to wipe it from his eyes.
Castiel’s hands slid back into her pockets. “Plots diverge, Sam. Perhaps at one point Hell genuinely believed that you were meant to do that, but choices you and your brother made—or think you made—led you down a different path. I believe, when you died, Hell did indeed intend on twisting your soul and turning you into a leader.”
He stood there for a moment, glancing over at the dying embers in the fireplace, wondering if he should take some wood from the pile outside and stoke the fire until it returned in roaring flames to keep Cas warm. He knew he could leave the fire like that, that Heaven wouldn’t allow the home Castiel had lovingly crafted to burn down. But he also knew what it was like to wake up in front of a fire—a memory pulled from a rolodex of his least-traumatizing Purgatory memories—and feel hot and confused. Maybe Dean would leave it to die out.
Dean groaned. “Oh no.”
“Well, I’m sorry that the Duke called you a whore and a tramp.” He lifted his glass to his mouth, but felt the warmth of the glass in his hand and lowered it. “Somehow I can sense that you’re a lot more than that.”
Smiling back, Castiel shrugged and asked, “Did I do it right?”
,” Sam repeated, kicking Dean in the ankle again, still affectionately but definitely with some force. “Might be nice, y’know, for you to have someone. It’s kinda poetic and stuff, how you were destined to be Lucifer’s vessel but ended up with an angel who, yknow, is kinda the opposite of evil.”
“What’s keeping you at the office so late?” Dean piped up, pulling their conversation from the mud and shaking it out. “I always notice you clockin’ in lots of overtime.”
Castiel dressed in silence, putting on a new set of clothing. He hardly realised what it was; some kind of denim and a t-shirt—loaners from Dean. “Until you can get your own shit,” Dean had said. He pulled a black hoodie from a duffle bag and slid it over his arms, shaking out the zipper before yanking it up, hoping it would dull the sharp cold that he felt in the room.
Castiel walked forward cautiously and when he was close enough, he wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, the flyer crumpling in his fist. With Dean sitting on the armrest, he was a bit shorter, but it was the perfect angle for Dean to wrap his arms around his ribs and press his wet cheeks against Castiel’s chest, and for Castiel to curl down around him, to hold him close.
“Then can I sit in the back with her?”
“Let’s get out of here and celebrate,” Charlie said, throwing her hands up, looking around eagerly. “Bobby and Rufus are in here somewhere, maybe we can convince them to let us throw an after-party at Singer’s—”
“Okay,” Sam nodded, patting her arm, looking sad. “Okay. Well, thanks, Cas, for all your help.”
knows? Maybe I should tell Cas about that case of crabs you got from that witch!”
“That’s a mouthful,” Dean said with a flash of a grin. “I’m just gonna call you Cas.”
Castiel stared down at Samandriel, his eyes wide and stunned. Suddenly uncaring about fighting, Castiel shoved past Uriel and dropped to his knees in the mud, pulling Andi out of it with a squelch. The boy’s entire front was thick with filth and blood; Castiel’s hand swiped over his young face, pulling muck away with his palm, his fingers brushing blood away from his lips. Dean heard Castiel release a rattling breath as the boys lifeless blue eyes stared up at him.
A pentagram with a circle around it was etched into the swirling barber pole, revolving around and around, reminding anyone on the streets that a demon would not be able to enter. And again, the same Enochian warding was printed on a long sticker lining the bottom of the window.
Sam rolled his shoulder and grunted, pressing his hand to his wounded arm again. “We need to figure out what’s going on, but…I need to patch this up first. I’m bleeding everywhere, we’re gonna draw attention.”
Castiel looked over at the crowd, but missed the point of Dean’s sudden alarm completely. Squinting at the crowd, Castiel asked, “What?”
“So you demeaned me, the idea of me instead,” Castiel said coldly, feeling that anger slowly creep back up as he stared down at Dean.
Together, the light shone too bright and the sound became too much.
Instead, his face fall instantly as she kicked forward, knocking him back to the floor again, his ass hitting the ground hard, his hand slipping on some of her blood that’d splattered onto the floor.
And while he was overall a smart guy, and he genuinely wanted this job now, Dean Winchester was the king of putting his foot in his mouth. Before he could tell himself to back down, Dean shrugged and shook his head, setting down his beer and sliding his hands into his pockets. “I disagree."
Dean dropped. His back thumped against the door, his legs trembling as he slid to the floor. He heard himself sniff wetly and his eyes stung with tears.
She looked overall the same but with slight differences. For one, she’d ditched the dirty hoodie and cargo pants look and replaced it with a clean, fitted white-t-shirt, light men’s blue jeans cinched at the waist, and socks that didn’t match. Her hair, as wavy and wild as ever, had grown past her waist. Her face was the same, though Dean thought he spotted that telltale mascara again like when she’d been an angel, and...he felt like a pervert for noticing, but her boobs were bigger, a lot bigger.
When he blinked and came down from a rushing high he hadn’t experienced in over eleven years, he felt Hannah’s hands on his face and saw her—her true self, her true form, beaming from inside her vessel. Behind her, he saw two beautiful, wide wings tinged in swirling, oily tones of green and magenta, of purples and azure…
“That’s it!” one of them barked.
She was right, he realised. They were both humans, both armed with the same strength, and stamina, and skills. They were flesh and bone. Cas had a heartbeat just like he did. Her hair needed brushing, she got goosebumps when it was cold, and she’d had sex with random people when she was lonely. It didn’t really get more human than that...
Dean inhaled the scent of cold forestry, but his ears perked up to listen to the absolute silence. Castiel seemed to be experiencing the same thing, his narrowed eyes darting around the side of the road and the tracks through the snow into the forest left behind by their first team.
Her hair was frizzing under the light mist of rain. She looked wild, like lightning was about to strike her. “If the deal fails with the Duke, we’re all fucked.
Jamie’s other hand curled into Cas’ shirt and she shook him, growling through her teeth.
“Take off the blinders, Sam!” Dean gestured to his eyes. “Don’t be distracted by the next-day-Victoria’s-Secret-hair, and the blue eyes, and the cheekbones, and all that jawline goin’ on. And the legs. Sure, she’s got that weird rumpled-accountant look to her that I’m sure you dig because you’re a fuckin’ nerd—”
In her lap, her hands shook, but her voice came out empty, defeated. “About Claire or that I’m sick?”
“Who’s the chick?” Dean asked later, hidden in the darkness of the unlit room when Sam had returned.
"I don't know," Cas' panted, looking down at her hand, coated in blood. She flicked it in disgust and repeated, raising her eyes to Dean, "I don't have an explanation."
They turned back to the group of eccentric guests to find Charlie shrugging apologetically, while Kevin glared at the ceiling, and Ash poked around in one of Dean’s boxes.
The quiet Naomi left behind her was thick with tension, but as soon as her quick footsteps disappeared, Castiel broke the silence by growling. She turned away from Balthazar and resumed throwing her things into a gaping bag pooled over her bed.
Castiel.
“WHY DIDN’T YOU SAVE US, BOBBY?!” A set of deep, reverberating voice straight from a horror movie roared from the other side of the door. A chorus of terror screamed, “WE’RE ALL DEAD BECAUSE OF YOU!”
(See the end of the chapter for
She didn’t particularly like this type of sex, but the mayor was a regular of hers and after the gift he’d given her, it was her responsibility to ensure that he got the experience he desired. He wanted to feel like she loved him, and she was an actress. She would act like she loved him through dinner, and sex, and she would act like he was her entire world until the morning, after she’d “made love” to him again and kissed him goodbye at the door.
Thanks so much to my beta son_of_a_bitch_spn_family for rangling my commas!
When they returned to the cell, he went straight for the bathroom. He shut the door behind him, feeling Dean’s eyes on the back of his head, and rushed over to the sink. He took his time brushing his teeth and splashing water onto his face.
Dean grinned. “Sounds like a Winchester to me.”
“I apologize,” she replied flatly. “I thought you wanted a solution and this was the only one I found to counter your hunger for demon blood. However, I...understand your hesitance.”
“What’re you doing? Where are you going?” he asked rushedly.
Dean knew he’d been rescued. The blood stopped boiling in his veins, and his stomach immediately ceased its churning. His eyes slid open and he looked down at himself; clean, dry, and no longer caked in blood.
felt bad for how obviously the angels treated Gadreel like the scum on the bottom of their shoes.
Sam blinked, glancing at Dean for help that he most certainly wasn’t going to offer—Sam was on his own—so he replied, “Nope.”
Dean was nearly knocked back when Cas climbed into his lap, grabbing his face and shutting him right the fuck up with a sloppy, deep kiss that in no universe was Dean opposed to. In fact, the lapful of Castiel created the perfect conditions for him to grab him by the ass and wrap his legs around his waist. Dean grunted into their kiss as he once again found himself lifting Cas off the ground, this time climbing to his feet and stumbling them over to the bed.
Castiel muttered in his head to the dog who was known to lick the top of beer cans… Or even topple a few over on purpose to have a drink when Castiel left the cans unattended.
. Whatever, losers.” He sighed, throwing another page over his shoulder. “I mean, it’s ridiculous, right? Like, no one has this much sex
Dean raised his head so abruptly he felt dizzy. “This is
Dean snorted. “Sure,” he said skeptically, ignoring the way Cas looked over at him sharply. “Sure it wasn’t. Honestly, the more I see of you angels, the more I wish I hadn’t ever prayed to you. I sure feel fuckin’ stupid about it. All this time, you’re just a bunch of shady politicians with halos and wings. Crooked halos, more like. You’re just a bunch of—”
“Wow.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, while Dean shrugged unapologetically.
“DEAN!” Sam’s voice boomed from behind him, jerking his head up in alarm.
Cas shrugged again, rolling his gaze over to Dean in a frankly adorable turn of his head. “Shortly after returning the Earth to its former state. He said he wanted to achieve balance, and he thought saving me from Empty was the first step. He tried to save all the others, but the Empty was furious. I witnessed him send most of the demons to Hell; I think with Rowena at the helm, he feels peace in that decision. We tried to save the angels next, but that’s when the Empty had caught on. We prioritized the ones we knew. We had to get out. Jack is God, but he’s much too junior; the Empty is an old cosmic being. We were unsure what would happen if the Empty became, well, empty.”
Bobby smirked up at her, his eyes doing a sweep of her body that made Dean feel like a grossed out kid. “You never make
“Bullshit.” Dean took a step towards him and the siren stepped back, looking between the brothers with a twinkle of glee in her blue eyes.
You took off after the siren and it’s been two days. You don’t pick up the phone unless you feel like it, and you’re not telling us where you are. Bobby is going to kick your ass when we find you!”
“I can’t,” the cupid whispered. “You know the order with cupids. We target many people on this earth, but there are certain bloodlines, certain
. Come find me after the closing act tonight to set something up.”
“D’you think he has a girl just like Cas out there on Long Island? Some escort he’s paying to tolerate him?”
Dean had been praying to Castiel since Ohio.
“No,” Castiel said, on autopilot before he paused and then added, “Maybe. I haven’t had occasion to ask Dean yet.”
“No worries, dude,” Dean murmured, winking and flashing Castiel a smile. “I didn’t mean to pry.”
Then Cas’ fingers linked with his and everything went downhill in the best way.
“Hey,” Dean said, his lip twitching and his hands sliding into his pockets. “How’s Uriel? Pissed?”
In a hiss, Zachariah said, “I came down here so you can see what the repercussions are to
Cas pressed a hand to her head, holding the wall with a fumbling hand. “It wasn’t. It isn’t.
“And you?”
Cas looked away. Dean felt that too, the side of his face cold suddenly.
“I’ve felt your grace before, haven’t I?” Dean whispered, eyes sweeping her face.
"I can't breathe," Dean kept whispering, his lashes pressed to his cheeks as he scrunched his eyes shut. "I can't breathe."
“Like mother, like daughter.”
Still, he knew he was developing something for Dean and perhaps that was why the words were getting caught in his throat. What if Dean rejected him? Sure, the man was flirty and he had indirectly admitted to being gay, but what if the flirtation was actually just friendship. A...A bromance.
“Wh-what’s wrong?” Sam asked, his voice tight. “Fuck, this apartment is so damn humid and gross. First thing tomorrow, we find another one… Cas? Hey, what’s happening? Are you okay?”
“Because—” Dean shrugged helplessly, eyes locked on hers. “—something happened between you and me on the way up from the pit. I don’t remember what it is, but I remember how it felt.”
“Oh, Castiel,” she snapped, rolling her eyes and ducking her chin as she rummaged around the big brown Louis Vuitton purse tucked under her arm. “I have a key, don’t be ridiculous.”
, Naomi?” Castiel  exclaimed, his voice raising uncharacteristically. Anger surged through his body like a burst of energy when he realised he wasn’t holding Naomi’s phone—it was Sam’s—and he snarled, “Why do you have Sam’s phone? How did you get this?”
The woman seemed equally thrown to be called ‘Jo’. “What—”
Despite every instinct screaming “YES!”, Dean felt the heaviness in his chest and succumbed to it. “Nah,” he said after clearing his throat, sliding weakly onto a stool. “Nah...if he wanted to come, he’d come. He probably already knows I’m here.”
Dean looked around the room at the chaos of his half-packed life. “I’m sorry, I look exhausted. I’ve been trying to contact Bobby for a loan, so we can buy tickets to leave the city, and I’ve been trying to pack at the same time. You, me, Sam, Claire, y’know, those are some expensive tickets but I think Bobby could help us out, even if it’s just to give us somewhere to stay until the train comes in... Or we can hide somewhere else in the city. Charlie has friends that we could stay with. They wouldn’t say anything, if you wouldn’t mind sleeping on the couch—”
Dean hated the Duke. He hated him. He knew Castiel was faking it, he knew she was doing this because it was her duty, but it didn't hurt any less to see the Duke's slimy hand slid over her thigh and for his grubby fingers stroking her cheek.
“No,” he moaned, shaking his head. When he pried his eyes open, he saw Naomi standing between his legs as two angels--Malakai and Nathanial--held them open. Shaking, he looked around with wide, wild eyes at the unfamiliar angels by his head that didn’t look at him, who simply held his fists by his shoulders and waited for orders from Naomi.
“It’s so funny,” Jack chuckled, glancing up at Dean. “She can’t speak here.”
Even several multiverses over, Castiel in any form seemed not to have any issue knowing Dean’s body language and intuitively knowing what to ask.
“No,” Castiel shook her head, disbelieving. “No, I sent Hannah to get her from Jody.”
The morning Castiel had blocked his number, the same day he’d turned off his phone.
Balthazar’s stomach tightened at the hungry gaze the Duke returned to rest on his star girl. But he nodded and grinned, opening his arms jovially. “Of course! You understand I am more than willing to negotiate.” Balthazar swept his arm out, gesturing to the singing and dancing angels out on the main floor. “We have much to offer you here, Zachariah. I’m pleased that you’re open to an investment. But now,” Balthazar chuckled, snatching up his coat from the back of his chair and sliding it on to his arms with pizzazz. He pointed out to Castiel, who was making her way towards him. “I’ve got to go. That’s my cue!”
He caught her eye, noticing her gaze sweeping up over his body. Dean felt paralyzed as her surveying stopped at his eyes and she bit back a smile, her teeth running over her bottom lip.
“Not a problem,” Castiel rumbled, licking his lips that tasted like Dean. Clearing his throat and reaching to shift the gear into drive, Castiel looked over his shoulder for oncoming traffic as he pulled out of the parking spot and asked, “Where would you like me to drop you off?”
Dean shrugged a shoulder and panted, “Yeah, my little brother went through a witchcraft phase in high school. Thought he was a witch or a magician or whatever, and he's a nerd, too, so he had all these books. Was tryna learn Latin and all these ancient languages and shit. I just remember Enochian because it looked like numbers.” Dean’s brows furrowed and he poked Castiel in the ribs between the lines of the ancient language. “Why do
“Hurry!” Ash said, grabbing Dean—who was still distracted by the pretty red-headed angel—and yanking him through the crowd with a firm grip on his arm. “We’ve gotta be quick and sneaky. Kevin’s booked us a table, which is a big no-no. Booths and tables are for VIP only, they’re very sought after—they afford you the best view. If Balthazar sees us in one before the show starts, we’re dead.”
for you. Ugh, it was exhausting. But now,” she gestured to Jamie, “you’re finally here, confirmed you’ve been leasing your body to that angel, and we can get on with the show!”
Castiel smiled, his head dropping to his chest and shaking from side-to-side.
who restored my faith in humanity. Resource centers that directed me to programs and free medical help. I met men and women who wanted to help empower the impoverished population to rise from depression and desperation. When I discovered I...I was pregnant, I was in Iowa. A local community center offered free medical grants for people like me; pregnant, without family, left with nothing. They shuttled me to doctor’s appointments and covered the costs.”
Cas turned around, scowling. Her eyes narrowed at him, but Claire spun around and gasped, yanked her hand from Cas’ grasp and bounced over to Dean. The once shy little thing was comfortable around him now, and talked a mile-a-minute.
“It’s a habit,” Castiel blurted out, “I can’t not click ‘accept’. Something is wrong with me. Since when do you send read receipts anyway? You always said read receipts are a way to say ‘you can’t be trusted to do anything without a prompt’.”
drop us for any missteps and I won’t have you ruin a million dollar account—”
“Hmm, what?”
Dean tilted the pan, sliding eggs and bacon onto a plate already stocked-full of eggs and bacon. “Give the girl a break. From what I understand, she probably hasn’t slept in a decent bed, well, ever.”
have to do anything you’re not okay wi—”
To his surprise, Castiel raised one brow and challenged, “This vessel I'm in now...if I send her to Heaven, I’ll be technically pulling strings to be granted this visage, but if you would prefer, I could arrange to appear more like Jimmy?”
Dean blinked, and his cheeks burned red alarmingly quickly. Then, “How about I show you instead?”
“Sam was tellin’ me y’all were close.”
When Cas came, his fingertips dug into Dean’s shoulder and words tumbled from his lips in a language not from this plane of existence. His moan was beautiful and the hitched breaths he took made Dean follow his orgasm almost immediately. He poured into him, burying himself as deep as he could, and he nearly forgot to breathe, also giving all of himself to a kiss that carried them both through it.
Bobby Singer’s house was right there… A safe haven…
From behind Pamela’s seat, his arms crossed and his face concentrated, Dean exchanged a look of agreement with Anna. “That can’t possibly be English.”
“No boyfriend, no girlfriend,” Dean listed off, swallowing his pudding. “What’re you gonna do with this new single life?”
“No,” Pam breathed, staring at and around Anna, like she was seeing something they weren’t, which was obviously the case. “Not psychic. We clairvoyants carry with us a different air… Anna, have the angels said anything about you?”
“She doesn’t mean anything to me anymore,” Castiel burst out, the words tumbling from his lips before he could control it. “We...we hadn’t been okay for a while. Her father got sick a year ago and she got stressed, and she was tired all the time. It was hardly a relationship; we just watched TV together and slept in the same bed.” He paused, gathering himself. “She was my best friend, but we barely saw each other anymore. When I got laid off last week, that had been the most I’d seen of her in months.”
“Good. We’re heading to the caf, there’s a riot. Prisoners running everywhere. A few of ‘em have guns,” a guard said, pausing beside Hannah.
11:45. The clock chimed, and Sam got up from the chair he was in. With a grunt and a long growl, he grabbed the chair by the arms and threw it at the clock, stumbling back against the wall when it exploded in a spray of glass and wood splinters.
The ropes behind Castiel’s wrists fell to the ground, cut loose by Gadreel’s blade, and he swung the weapon—sneakily handed to him—through the air, the sharp edge slicing a clean cut across Azrael’s throat.
She turned a bottle of holy water over in her hands, then began plucking his dad’s old tapes from a worn plastic box. The two fell into silence, except for the rattling of Cas poking around the cabin. If anyone else were to touch his stuff, Dean would’ve cut off their fingers or launched them out of the passenger seat door. But it was Cas and…
“I won’t be any good,” Castiel burst out, the words pouring from his lips before he could help it. He’d bent down to pick up the hose and turned with it, the water spitting pitifully from the end as the hose bent sharply and cut off. Castiel stood in front of the Impala, squeezing his fingers around the hose and feeling his face burn up.
Castiel rolled her eyes and turned away from him, but not before growling, “You are infuriating and delusional. I’m an angel and you,” her eyes flickered down over Dean’s body, then snapped back up to his face, “are just a man.”
Sam tucked hair behind his ear and squinted at Dean as the sun moved in the sky, its rays shining into the garage. “I mean, yeah, sure. A year is a while—”
“Stop. It’s not working,” Castiel whispered to his nephil as it wriggled and tried with all its might to fill his chest with soft, fluttering feelings like butterflies dancing in sunlight. The gesture was kind and Castiel felt relief that the thing inside him was
As Cas moved around Dean, Dean turned with him, swinging out a hand and smacking him in the ass.
“Oooh,” Sam said. “The new little slim ones?”
His core shook from holding himself up, from curling forward, so Castiel placed one last kiss on the back of Dean’s neck and straightened up, leaning on his knees and holding Dean’s hips in his hands. From that angle, he could finally see his cock sandwiched between Dean’s oiled up asscheeks, and he watched his shining cock slide out and then back in, that slick asshole stretched around him, warm and tight, but not impossibly so, not anymore.
She accepted the Twizzler and sat back down in her spot. She turned her eyes back toward the TV set, and ate the candy slowly, her hands shaking. This would be the last time she saw her brother for a very, very long time, but she couldn’t tear her eyes away from the screen.
“But,” Castiel went on, shining a bit of hope on his fears with her explanation, “you chose not to follow the darkness, Sam. And simultaneously, instead, your brother made a deal to go to Hell. He sold his soul to Satan to save you. He chose to burn in Hell and abolish the purity he’d sustained so far by being obedient.”
Dean and Benny stood in line, about ten people from the entrance of the testing clinic. They were shadowed under the giant Starbucks sign above their heads that was blocking the hot South Dakota sun. Dean leaned on the iron railing seperating the sidewalk queue they were in and the veranda sporting little tables and chairs.
The smell of cinnamon and sweet lemon-honey tea gently permeated his personal space as Dean felt her step closer to him.
This mission is bullshit. Give Anna a chance to run, to save herself. If she had her grace—”
warrior or servant of Heaven or whatever. We’ve been kinda at odds about that…”
“We thought you were dead,” one of the angels—Azrael—said slowly at Gadreel, his light eyes shadowed in darkness as they surveyed him suspiciously.
He’d come here for a reason. With the creature taking the kids, and killing the nurses, and very clearly shouting Sam and Dean out in it’s blood-penned message, they had to work fast, and the two sources they had on the monsters wasn’t enough. They needed Cas, who had knowledge and experience with the thing, to help…
Dean’s foot shot out to stop the door from colliding with his elbow. He looked over at Castiel with a wince. “Cas…”
The Winchesters exhaled in a whoosh. Sam ran his fingers through his hair, twisting the ends in his fingers nervously.
Naomi couldn’t be right if
“I don’t wanna go in,” Chuck breathed, his eyes wide was he stared at the house sitting at the end of an overgrown drive. “It looks haunted. Can I stay in the car?”
Sam talked her ear off the entire drive, explaining how they’d found her, about how they knew it was her as soon as they found out a Claire Winchester had been making her way from shelter to shelter, and was being followed by angel attacks.
“Yes,” Uriel snapped. “Let’s purify this room; it’s beginning to
“Yes,” Castiel said, smiling at Miracle, who was chest-deep in the water, jumping against the soft waves. “After I felt happiness for the first time and summoned the Empty—and then was rescued—I decided once I played my role entirely, I’d retire. Be happy full-time.”
Dean snorted. “Right now, if you want. I’m feeling...inspired.”
Dean’s mouth dropped open and he accidentally laughed. “A what?”
pull him through the evening. A faint buzz from the single shot of whiskey he’d had warmed his cheeks but kept his head relatively clear. By the time Dua Lipa’s sensual voice poured over him like warm honey, he was entirely engaged and loose.
And it was one thing to say, ‘I’m gay’ to the faces of friends and family who had always known him as an overly-macho (or rather, over-compensating) womanizer. It was another thing to actually talk to them about his new life (or new
“No,” Uriel snorted. “They’re today, and Nine Inch Nails is right after. Come on, the rock stage is only ten minutes away if we get crackin’ now.”
Cas had never tried to lock Jack in what was essentially a coffin, never
Sam paused mid-rifle in his wallet, and both Cas and Dean looked up in tandem.
“Where did you
Hannah pulled a handgun from the backpack slung on Castiel’s shoulders and she nodded. “Yes. Ten minutes through there. Duma and A-team would’ve left a path.”
A small whoosh of air escaped Castiel’s lips and she balled her fists at her side. Quietly, she asked, “Cheryl was in one of them, wasn’t she? Her and the other missing children?”
“You don’t understand,” Jamie wheezed into his shirt. “He’ll go with Cas. He’ll ruin his entire life—”
“...and tampons were something I hadn’t even known existed, but the other women staying at the shelter were very helpful. They didn’t seem to understand how I had never used them before, but after some hands on instruction, they assisted me. I managed to get one in comfortably after my third attempt...” Cas went on, completely either ignoring or missing Dean’s face as it turned bright red. “...I must say, after the comments you used to make about me being grumpy because of PMS, I felt mislead about the syndrome. Not only are there mood swings but all manner of bodily pain. Did you know ‘cramps’ are a thing? The first time I experienced them, I cried. It was unexpected, to cry. I don’t believe I’ve ever cried from pain before. Despite knowing nothing is permanent and pain is a mere sensation, I felt like they would never end and they made it hurt to walk, or sit, or lay down, I--”
The tops of Cas’ cheeks were red and his nostrils flared; a dead giveaway that he was pissed. “I let myself spend the first night of my humanity there, because I wanted to experience just for a moment what it would feel like to live in Dean Winchester’s home, like I was welcome, like I was
Castiel turned to face Balthazar, her long brown curls bouncing over her shoulder. She clapped a hand over his bicep and gripped tightly before turning her face to Zachariah and explained in a rush, “Anyway, my duke, we’ve come together to fine-tune the story and I’d so hate to spoil it for you, to have you see us rehearse here in this silly little room. I’d much rather you saw us rehearse on the main stage, with proper costumes, and music, and props. You’ll enjoy it much more when the scene has been re-written—”
Dean’s gun skidded away and the lamp was thrown aside. Sam’s fist took its place as he swung it at Dean’s head, hitting him in the jaw once, twice, three times. The ache exploded in his jaw and Dean gasped, feeling the blood rush hotly to the spot, bruising blossoming before he could even finish blinking away the creep of unconsciousness.
“She’s gay as fuck, yeah. And Sam. Well, he’s Sam. He’s a good kid. Anyway—” Finally, Dean looked up and grinned, though for the first time, Castiel felt uneasy about the smile. Something was strange about it—no, he realised suddenly, it wasn't strange, it was fake. A fake smile looked out of place on Dean's face. It didn't meet his eyes. “Water under the bridge. And now we’re even; a secret for a secret.”
Dean glanced quickly over at Charlie, hoping to find out why Castiel was coming up to him
“We did have a good thing going!” Castiel growled, her voice raised. She stepped towards him, her fists curling in her skirt. “But you were the one who started with the ‘love’ nonsense, and I had thought I’d made myself clear that I do not participate in such flimsy, useless emotions—”
“Cas?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you,” Castiel blurted out in a hiccup. “I’m sorry, Dean. I’m so sorry.”
Castiel squeezed the sponge again, subconsciously rubbing his thumb over the end to collect milky white, soapy water. He thought, maybe, he heard Dean groan.
“Yes, Dean. We’re going home.”
And that was it. Any lingering anger went out like the final glowing-white ember in a pile of ashes. He felt forgiveness and understanding settle comfortably inside his formerly aching chest cavity, and he wasn't upset about it. He didn't feel disappointed in himself for it; he felt confident in his choice—because it was a choice, and one he'd made all on his own.
It wasn’t ‘I love you’, but it was close. He’d get there with time.
felt bad, but on too many occasions he was reminded that the man had a contract over Cas, and held the livelihoods of all these angels and actors in his hands. He was flighty with the contract, constantly threatening to leave if something wasn’t done his way. It was why Celeste’s skirt now reached her knees when it used to reach the floor, and it was how, on stage, Sam wasn’t allowed to kiss her with his lips open or put his hands on her face, even though at times the scene called for it, especially near the end. Thankfully, for Dean and Castiel, the Duke hadn’t yet mandated her to sleep with him. It seemed, for now, that Zachariah was buying her act, and remained convinced that she wanted to get to know him before she ravished him after opening night.
He was so overwhelmed with Castiel’s grief over his son that Dean didn’t notice the flashes of light behind him.
It was the only way to know if Dean and Sam were truly alive or dead, anyway.
While they’d hardly paid attention to the audience over the last few minutes, suddenly, they both turned to look out at them. The purple hues of the Duke’s flushed, enraged face, and Naomi’s murderous look meant nothing to her now. The show was almost done. She was going to get her ending with Dean, and there was nothing Naomi or the Duke could do about it.
Hannah struggled to her feet as Castiel snatched Celeste’s beige trenchcoat from the bench beside her. Hannah didn’t put the ice bath aside in time before Cas was sweeping towards Dean. She threw him a look of disdain as she pushed past him into the hallway. “I have to go on. I’m—I’m on soon. Move.”
There was a few knocks on the door and everyone froze, exchanging looks.
Their mouths dropped open.
“You come to our home with those monsters, and you try to
Sam reached out, patting her arm again. “Don’t worry about it, Regina. You take it easy.”
“The clairvoyant possesses sufficient capabilities to perceive my true visage,” the voice said, the deep rumblings of its speech making Dean’s chest vibrate. “She called to me, and she not only allowed me, but invited me to use her body as a conduit—a vessel—albeit temporarily. She won’t hold me for long. She will soon expire as my grace attempts to settle.”
Before anyone could say anything, Castiel inhaled roughly and started crying into Dean’s shoulder. “I couldn’t do it. He-he put his hands on me and I realised I couldn’t go through with it. H-He wants to take me away after opening night, away from New York and...and…I can’t. Not after you. I can’t go back to him, Dean. He’s evil, he-he—”
Dean rubbed his back, smiling a bit despite the sad, guilty puddle that was Castiel in his arms. “Dude, it’s almost 2:30 in the morning. No one expects you to get anything right—”
then again, Dean would know he’d obviously changed and Castiel didn’t want to look like he was trying
“Yup,” Jamie nodded at no one, sliding the cereal box back onto the counter and opening the fridge to retrieve her chilled bottle of wine. “Work sucked. I hate my job. I’m turning thirty-six soon and got nothing to show for it but a shit apartment, a cat that only kinda likes me, and a pretty extensive collection of recycling piling up under my kitchen table. So, yeah, I’m going out tonight.”
As the lights flashed, Castiel snatched the necklace away and swung her leg over his thighs, lifting herself off of him. He noticed a panicked, vulnerable glimmer to her eye, but she walked from him, her strong, thick legs carrying her away from him and back up onto the stage as she clasped the necklace around her throat.
“Enough tears now,” John murmured roughly. “I think you’ve done enough of that in your life. Heaven’s not for pain, that’s the whole deal. You got one thing out of the way, now get in your car and get another one. There’ll be peace when you’re done.”
Castiel’s free hand slipped down off of the Duke’s face and she took his hand, guiding it onto her breast, squeezing his fingers, urging them to massage the handful. She moaned, eyes dragging across the Duke’s face before her eyes flickered over to Dean.
Even though it made him feel sick, Dean nodded. “Right. I guess this is none of my business, I'll...um, just go set my things backstage."
Dean selected Sam’s number and raised the phone to his ear.
Dean’s shoulders relaxed, and his features softened, confusion melting into amusement. He walked up to Castiel slowly and reached forward, coaxing the hose from his hand. He raised it and gestured to Castiel with it.
“What is there worth going back to now?” Naomi asked, her voice close and soft. He smelled her scent of frigid iron and felt her breath against the back of his hands.
Cas. The eyes looked different, even if they shared the same brilliant blue. The something which made that body
; Give it to Cas to make his casual hookups sound like something from a sci-fi movie.
“Dean,” Sam said, his tone soft. “You know what the one witness saw… A man and his dragon-looking children, eating another human alive. We can’t leave them. They’ll turn.”
Please let me know what you think in the comments, and if you loved it, please subscribe, as I will be continuing this story in a series. You thought I was gonna leave it with some sweet love confessions and bumping-uglies? Hahah, no, no, no. Adventure and shenanigans to follow; the Empty is still out there!
Olivia panted into the phone. “Yeah, I got away. But, Bobby, Tyler is dead. We went over to Jack’s place to make sure he was okay; he’d been leavin’ some weird, paranoid voicemails. When we got there, his guts were hanging from the ceiling. Fuck, Bobby. His body parts were strewn everywhere!” Her voice was starting to get hysterical. “I’ve seen some shit before, but that...fuck, that takes the cake. We...we got there and were investigating when we saw newspaper clippings and print-outs of articles… Something is hunting hunters, Bobby. Jack was looking into it, and he died doin’ it. Tyler and I tried to leave and then… Well, it happened.”
“‘Collaboration’? Is that what we’re calling treason these days?” Castiel asked curiously, aghast at the gall of Uriel to look proud of his deception. “You lied to me, and Sam, and—”
Jamie adjusted everything in her apartment until there was nothing left to adjust, then she pulled out a grocery bag and loaded up every can she had in the house, before leaving it on the kitchen table.
But Jack had a habit of climbing up onto things, ripping up cereal boxes and scattering Cheerios all over the apartment, or getting into stashed bags of candy and then throwing up all over the carpet, so some things
“Leia needs me, and I love her more than I’ve ever loved anything.” She looked up, her skin drained of colour. “Even more than I loved you.”
Fuck proprietary and professionalism. Charlie could eat it.
With a cough, Cas wheezed, her eyes rolling a bit. Her head wobbled on his shoulder, but she chattered out, “I chose you, Dean. You’re my ending.”
is so funny?”
It was rather magnificent to watch. People practically fell over themselves to pull an angel to their table, to get a slice of Heaven for themselves for the duration of the song. Dean found himself reaching out and wrapping his hand around the gold railing that separated their booth from the floor, mesmerized by the flurry of song and dance, of erotic and playful energy that Balthazar and his angels spread through the room. He pulled himself closer to the divider, leaning over to watch.
With one more hearty squeeze, his dad pulled away, holding him arm’s length by the shoulder, the other wiping at Dean’s cheeks with dirty fingers. Dean realised his face was smeared with black smudges at the same time as John did, and they both laughed.
“You gonna be okay to drive home?” he asked, frowning, swaying a bit on the spot with his hands in his pockets, his shoulders curled against the bite of the autumn dusk air.
“Yuh-huh,” Dean said, nodding slowly. Then he pointed an angel blade at her and cleared his throat. “Right. Well, uh, glad you enjoyed yourself. Or, uh, fuck, I dunno if that was the right thing to say. Uh, consent-stuff notwithstanding.”
“I promise,” Jamie said quickly, waving her fingers vaguely at her niece, a tight smile spreading across her face. “I promise, baby girl. I won’t leave without telling you first.”
Jamie grinned and nudged her brother. “Awww, you’re such a boring dad—”
“Turn left at the lights,” Chuck squeaked.
“Nah,” Dean said with a shake of his head. “I’m tired today. I just wanna sit until someone can feed me a decent bacon cheeseburger.”
Dean blinked as Cas’ lips twisted into a toothy little smile. “What?”
“Pam,” Bobby murmured, and Dean glanced over to him in time to see worry cross over his features and their joined hands squeeze. “What’s going on, my girl?”
And there was the truth. Castiel had been holding a lungful of air, expecting pain, even though he hadn’t realised it. He
jscribbles
Entirely overtaken by the energy, Dean cried out, and then a bright, hot golden light burst from the center of his palm. The energy illuminated the entire room like a bomb had gone off, and as a hot, power-filled blast of wind blew around hair and clothing and flapped the worn, dusty curtains like the giant wings of a bat, Dean saw Alastair throw out his arms and scream for the last time.
Sam laughed and nodded towards the kitchen. “I brought a few croissants for myself, but I guess you can have them and I’ll have the pie… Jeeze, you sure you aren’t sick too?”
“I’ll be right back,” Sam murmured, setting the broom aside with a little tap up against the wall.
“Their deaths are my fault,” she murmured, reaching up to flick away a tear that escaped the corner of her eye. She sniffed sharply and looked up from her knees to everyone. “They died because of me. Another reason I can’t go back. My other family, my friends, my roommates. They’d be in danger. I’ll become an angel again, and I’ll go into hiding.”
Charlie’s mouth hung open and her brow furrowed. “I...don’t understand what’s going on.”
And they breathed heavily when Snake River Conspiracy’s cover of '
Castiel’s hand squeezed hers and Hannah winked, getting to her feet. “I should check on Jonah. He injured his leg in the fight. Do either of you need anything? Night will fall soon, I imagine you’ll need somewhere to sleep. We have rooms upstairs and free beds. I’ll prepare those for you; I hope you don’t mind roommates.”
The angels’ interlude was coming to a close, so Castiel leaned down to Claire’s height and asked, “How’s my makeup, Claire Bear?”
Tilting his head, Castiel narrowed his eyes. “I can’t imagine a music store doing well these days, with streaming services at the peak of their popularity.”
“Do it now or I swear to our father, I will throw you right back in that cell, you coward!” Uriel spat at Gadreel, who’s hands paused on his waistband, his mouth opening and closing as he stared at Castiel’s face with wide eyes.
And yet; “You and Cas always had a thing,” Sam murmured.
” She looked up at him, and Dean’s heart broke at the expression on her face. She looked shattered in every way, tears thick in a glaze over her eyes, and her chin trembling. He knew she was acting, but it was still painful to see. “
“Understood, Naomi. I’m sorry,” Castiel replied, his throat dry. He turned away from her and picked up his fork, pretending to go back to eating, though the thought of eating any more soggy, tasteless spinach and dry chicken made him nauseous.
“‘Free to go’?” Castiel parrotted flatly, his eyes narrowing.
Cas ran his wrist under his nose and nodded curtly. “Perhaps.”
“Hey, let me help. Come on,” Dean said, ashamed to identify a wobble in his tone as well. Needing to keep himself busy before the doom disabled him entirely, Dean sat down on the couch beside his brother and tugged at his sleeve. “Take this off before we gotta peel it off of you.”
, you were a victim, not a perpetrator, but this? This would be unforgivab—”
“Oh.” Cas eyed the twitching smirk on his lips and nodded. “I see, yes, don’t-dance with me. How...How do we start?”
Anna handed him his jacket from the hood of the mustang and nodded. They walked up to the house together, Anna at his side, and Cas in his head.
I wanna take a sec to thank everyone who has been leaving comments. Y'all take time to let me know what you think of the story, and the chapter, and what you think is gonna happen, etc. It's just incredibly inspiring and really nice to see. The time you take to leave those comments is so appreciated. Fanfic authors write this stuff for free and for fun, so I can't tell you how inspiring it is to see people actually reading and liking the story; there's no other motivation quite like it. Much love and kisses to y'all. You are so appreciated.
“Right,” Cas growled, dropping his hand, his forearm resting on his thigh. Distastefully, he looked down at his wrists where he was cuffed. “These blasted things.”
Everyone was pretty smashed by the time the bright blue sky outside turned into the most exquisite dark navy night. Aurora Borealis of green, magenta and blue rippled through the velvety sky, blanketing hundreds of thousands of diamond-like stars that glittered and winked at the occupants of Heaven.
Her cheeks puffed out in embarrassment. “Yes. I stole his phone.”
most of my time dealing with my dad. It t-took a lot of energy from me. All it took was two hours with my dad and I would wanna sleep for the rest of the day."
The guards were starting to notice something was up. Rachel was frowning and murmuring to Dumah.
Again, a look of fear flashed across Cas’ face, but he nodded, a bead of sweat dripping off a damp brown lock of hair at his temple and landing on Dean’s forearm where he’d rolled up his plaid sleeves.
"What the fuck," Dean asked as he poured the holy oil given to him by the angels over the demon's body, making sure to get a good amount in his open abdomen, "are you talking about?"
Of course he’d ruined this somehow.
“Well,” Dean offered shyly, a look that seemed foreign on his features, “whenever that happens, just imagine this. What just happened between us. Keep that sensation just for you.”
Dean looked thoughtful for a moment, then he squeezed Castiel’s hand and said with determination, “We’ll figure it out.”
Dean held his hand up against the bright fluorescent light over the mirror and winced, looking down just in time to watch Cas puke into the toilet aggressively, breathing with a wheeze afterwards, panting for a second. Moments later, another wracking tremor passed through him and his shoulders heaved forward, preceding another horrible retch.
Dean pulled away from the cuddle for a second to spit into the toilet. Then he grinned at Cas and sang out of tune, “
“May I use your shower?” Castiel asked suddenly, her eyes wide like she’d just remembered showers existed. She looked between Dean and Sam. “I’d love to shower. I, um, did at Avery’s, but the sex and the torture made me feel very sweaty.”
Charlie swept away and disappeared through the door into the back hallways. Ash turned back to Dean and grinned. “Don’t mind her,” he smirked. “She’s just sexually frustrated because she has a thing for Meg and has to watch her fawn over Castiel every minute of every day. Every time they pull this schtick, Charlie is grumpy for at least three days.”
Cas had heard Dean’s prayers in Heaven. He’d heard Dean whisper that he loved him, and he knew, from the very existence of the tiny girl in Cas’ arms, that he loved him back.
Unsettled by that, Castiel tugged Jack into his arms, amused as the small pup remained in a ball, already having fallen back asleep with his snout smooshed against the print of Shirley Manson’s face on Castiel’s chest.
Completely ignoring him, Charlie stood up on tiptoes again and stared at the curtains, listening to the crowd clap. “When was intermission? Half-hour ago? If the script is right—” Charlie leaned down again, tugging a script from a pocket in her skirt. She rifled through the pages. “Hmm...Sam
Slowly, Cas nodded.
“Yeah,” Dean went on, “she told me a few months ago at Hannah and Sam’s engagement party. So I thought I’d milk those connections. Besides, she’d been tellin’ me she wanted to help ever since I told her I was gonna get you to marry my ass.”
Darkness settled over them and Dean found himself curling his fingers into fists at his side. What Chuck had said… He hadn’t had time to process it until now.
Dean may have ripped one of just Castiel off the building near his place, and folded it into a careful square, where it would then live in his pocket until he went home and attached it to his fridge.
“Is something wrong with it?”
“I mean cuddling, Dean.”
“I hope so,” Jamie breathed with a laugh. “For both of our sake’s.”
“Yeah, it’s pretty bad, but you’re a pretty good looking dude, even recovering from hardcore drug hangover. So, like, that means I’ll survive if you leaned in and kissed me right now, and then agreed to that date, ‘cause Sam’s gonna get us out, and hopefully get us out of SD. If he takes us back to Cali with him, you bet your ass I’m driving to the coast and planting my ass on a beach with hawaiian shirt and a fancy drink—the kind with the paper umbrella. And I was kinda hoping you’d join me.”
The TV was not on.
The blankets were a bit itchy against his dry skin, tight from the hosing down, and his hair was still kind of wet, but he had messy hair even on a good day, so Castiel let exhaustion take him over.
she knew how to get him out, but why hadn’t she then? Dean didn’t trust her. He didn’t trust her one bit.
“No! It’s simply too much,” she breathed, her chest heaving as her fingers tangled in her waves. “It makes me feel dirty, naughty, corrupt.”
He realised why they reacted because he felt another blunt blow to the back of the head and he crumpled back down onto his knees.
“Your friend?”
Bobby was on the phone with every hunter he knew, trying to find CCTV footage and hacked red-light cameras in attempts to track Dean. Sam had tried every tracking device he had on the cell phones they carried, but quickly found that they all said ‘Sioux Falls, South Dakota’.
“Well.” Dean nudged her again with his foot. “Relax. You got me. I ain’t gonna let anything bad happen to Leia.” He winced as the robe burned his wrists, and tried to scoot back into place so there was less strain on his wrists. “Let’s get the basics first; why are we here? I thought this monster only took kids?”
Castiel was tempted to look around for a camera crew, or test Naomi with silver just in case she was a shapeshifter, or see if she was an android parading around as the cold, uncaring woman he’d called a friend for so long. He narrowed his eyes, but remained quiet.
Brought together by the slow beat and Shirley Manon’s rasping drawl, Castiel and Dean needed no encouragement more to wrap their arms around each other, and sway to the music, their foreheads pressed together when their lips weren’t. Gone were the days where Dean would care that his friends and family were around to witness his adoration for Castiel. It was clear through every touch and kiss and joyful beaming smile that Dean wanted to do nothing more. Their life was full of music, Castiel figured, if anything, just so Dean had an excuse to ask for a dance.
Dean’s Cas was still staring, his eyes unblinking and unbelievably warm. “I want to hear more about Andi, Dean. When—”
Castiel looked away from him now, but she glared at the fridge handle just over his shoulder. She rolled her tongue in her mouth, buying time. Then, with her voice low and raspy, and her eyes reduced to cool slits, she whispered in a clipped manner, “I think it’s needlessly cruel that you would make me say it out loud, Dean.”
Castiel’s face was unreadable and controlled, but she stepped towards him slowly, like she was giving him a chance to back out, and stepped one-hundred percent into his personal space. She looked up at him with eyes that looked curious, and then two cool hands pressed against Dean’s hot face. Her fingers slid into his hair and before he could completely understand what was happening, her lips were on his, pressed firmly, but softly.
“Saddest date ever,” Dean muttered, hovering a Dorito in front of his lips. “I don’t usually take girls on dates to get them to talk about why they were crying outside of a motel room.”
“Oh, right! Invest. Of course, investing,” Balthazar agreed, wagging his finger in Zachariah’s face.
“And you’ll come when we call?”
Dean winced and Sam flashed him a bitch face. Okay, he had that one.
“This is not my fault,” Castiel said flatly, waving at Dean with the floppy candy. “He encouraged me to eat this. I think it tastes like molecules, I would not choose to eat this again.”
“And humans can’t go into Heaven until they’re dead, can they?” Dean wagered a guess, wincing.
“Sup, Deano?” Meg drawled, pink gum around her tongue as she pulled it back into her mouth.
Looking red under the confusion of Dean’s stare, Charlie shushed her as she approached. The audience burst into applause and cheering on the other end of the curtains.
Dean paused, glancing after Cas and Sam who hurried to the counter ahead of him. Reaching out, Dean picked up a random tiny bottle from the row of many, turning the openly available birth control bottles. Weird. He was pretty sure these required a prescription...
“To serve?”
no child in any world would be loved like that one was, but...he understood that the kid had come from assault, from rape. In this moment, in this situation, with these people, in this world…this made sense.
mate with you. You’re vile—”
Dean sat there, staring around at all the jack-squat that was happening and wondered if it was rude to tell Bobby’s new girlfriend that she was coo-coo for cocoa-puffs, because he wasn’t seeing anything. Nothing seemed to be happening.
I’ll let Stevie know you’re here to speak with her. Feel free to wait in the kitchen.”
She lowered her hands when Dean nodded, and they clasped in her lap. “Hello, Dean.”
siren, might I remind you. She was gonna make both of us say anything to convince you—”
“That...was Ruby,” Sam admitted, linking his fingers between his knees, his face pinching on one side as he winced.
been lost in her head. Who knew how long she’d been sitting all curled up in the back of the car?
“Yeah, buddy,” Dean said absentmindedly, clapping him on the arm as he turned to walk away. When Castiel looked back, Dean was already turned back to Rhonda. The sick feeling got worse, so Castiel sat with his elbows on his knees, his hands in his hair as he tried to get  a grip on himself. Controlling a human body couldn’t be that much different than controlling a vessel. Humans always say, ‘mind over matter.’ Perhaps if he concentrated…
Her brother, Jimmy, still lived there.
Anna shrugged one shoulder. She was warm at Dean’s side. “For the most part...yes. Although, they’re all my kin. I do love them, I just...don’t like them much anymore. There used to be a time when we were unified, when there was transparency and when I felt like what we were doing had a clear purpose. We were righteous and good. We were always warriors, and there were certainly times when we had to do difficult things in favour of God’s will. He always had a message, there was always a
“I-I didn’t mean—”
“Hey, angel,” he greeted warmly, reaching out to take her hand. “Heaven let you go long enough to hang out for a bit? Mom’s expecting me to barbeque—don’t know why, I suck at it. I know you don’t eat, but I know you like those jalapeno cheese things… What’s wrong?”
“Thanks for checking in, Sam… No, you don’t have to come over. It’s fine. We’re probably going to bed now. It’s like four hours past our bedtime,” Dean laughed, though it was tight and strained. He turned into their living room while Cas disappeared upstairs without a word.
While it certainly helped that Jimmy looked like Jamie, Dean realised it didn’t really matter what shape Cas came in. He was drawn to him immediately, wanting to reach out and touch him.
'Cheek to Cheek', sung by Lady Gaga & Tony Bennett. Listen to it here: https://youtu.be/iB_e3Hg-0zA?t=43
“So, what?” Uriel asked, tossing his arms out to the side and shifting his weight onto one hip. “So Dean says some mean shit over texts and the world loses all colour?”
“I don’t go on dates with many men either,” Castiel whispered, eyes darting up from Dean’s lips to his twinkling, amused eyes.
And even now, knowing her circumstances left them both in positions where their relationship was impossible, he wondered what about him hadn’t been good enough to make her fall in love?
“Once or twice in a row seems like a pleasant dream compared to what they do to us.” And when Castiel’s eyes widened, the other man shook his head. “Yeah, doesn’t sound so cool anymore, right?” the guy snorted, shoving the asparagus into his mouth like it was a chore. He chewed and grimaced, but said out of the corner of his mouth, his cheeks lumpy, “I used to think a dude who could keep it hard and keep going was some kind of sex god, but now the thought makes me wanna hurl.”
“I smell bullshit,” Dean whispered, leaning in close to Cas as his eyes swept the room, narrowing a bit as he watched the guards patrolling and leaning up against the walls by the doors.
"No," she countered softly, her rasp hardly louder than a whisper. "I hear you louder because of our bond."
Castiel looked over his shoulder, down the hallway he’d run down. Somewhere back there, in one of those rooms, in one of those hallways, his daughter--his and Dean’s--waited for him. How could he leave her?
“Hands off, Winchester,” she growled.
“NO!”
Thankfully, Sam didn’t pry further. Instead, he doubled back and gave Dean’s shoulder a squeeze. “We’ll talk about this more in the morning.”
“You just walked into my cave,” the monster growled, eyeing Cas like she was a fascinating specimen of human, even though she was talking to Dean. “You and your brother poured gasoline on my babies, and left me to find their charred bodies. Small, growing innocents, partway through their transformation. My tiny butterflies...nothing but piles of ash.”
When the song ended, Dean leaned back, their hands still linked and his forearm still hugging Castiel close. His face was still pale, and sure, he looked tired but his eyes twinkled in amusement.
They shuffled up to the counter. Dean dropped the chips and the opened bag of Twizzlers down on the counter. Immediately, the clerk narrowed his eyes at Dean and Cas, snapping, “You’re not supposed to sample the products before you pay for it!”
The horn on Castiel’s old gold Civic was pathetic and almost cartoonish—probably high-pitched when compared to the Impala’s blaring horn—but it got Dean’s attention. The smile of recognition that spread across Dean’s face made Castiel feel a gleeful curl of contentment, and he raised his hand to wave awkwardly. He tried not to stare too hard as Dean walked over, the perfect picture of easy and effortless style; loose jeans and a grey t-shirt under blue plaid. He was a walking wet dream, but Castiel tried to act casual as he leaned over and pushed open the passenger-side door.
The word wasn’t even out of his mouth completely before Cas threw the basket aside and grabbed Dean by the lapels of his coat. His back was slammed so hard against the corridor wall that there was a crack of plaster under him and the wind was knocked from his lungs.
“You’ve only been here a few weeks, and people were already asking to sit in your area?” Dean asked, raising a brow. No way he was poisoned, because he was starting to smell bullshit and it reeked. “Kinda weird, don’t you think?”
Clearly, he didn’t want to talk about it. They both drank, staring at each other. It was rare that Castiel ran into anyone who stared as much as he did. His mom had scolded him for it his entire life, saying it was rude. But Dean was doing an obvious sweep of his face, and Castiel coloured again when he was very obviously checked out.
But instead, he froze.
“So what was Uriel’s act all about?”
How long did it take you to write all this porn?”
“Hi, brother,” Dean whispered to Benny, sniffing sharply, trying to preserve some of his dignity as he blubbered onto Sam’s shoulder. “How—”
Dean remained still, his hands curled into fists in his lap. Castiel could feel him shaking a bit beside him, and could practically feel him staring at him, burning holes into the side of his head. Castiel wondered briefly if his hair was starting to smoke.
A tear dropped over her lashes and dragged down her smooth face, leaving a pale trail through makeup. The moment it dripped down off her chin, Dean rushed forward and placed his hands on her face, pulling her in close, his forehead pressing against hers.
“Dean, stop! Let’s go, we got what we came for!”
Dean was at the altar, his eyes wide on Castiel as he quietly picked up the demon blade he usually carried with him. He was making his way over to them slowly.
“Dean!” Benny roared at him, his head visible over the tops of a few other men, over the huddle of them. Their hands were tied behind their backs, their faces pale, their hands shaking in their restraints. A man in all black and body armour was shoving them onto the bus, one-by-one.
“We don’t have an hour!” Dean barked, tugging the plaid button up he’d thrown over the back of his couch earlier. “Damn it, Cas. Pick something closer next time.”
“Um, well, less naughty and more romantic, really,” he suggested, shrugging. When her eyebrows shot up and she looked thrown for a moment, Dean prattled on. “I have lots of ideas. Y’know, from dreams. I’ll tell you all about them.”
Struggling for words—because why the hell was Dean not going to be sleeping at his own house on a Sunday night?—Castiel just waved her off and smiled. She kissed his cheek in goodbye, scratched at Jack’s ears, and practically skipped all the way to the door.
Uriel was the funniest member of their team. He and Castiel were the longest-standing employees in the company other than Zachariah, and they had started on the same day, attending orientation with about four other people who just hadn’t made it. While Castiel didn’t bond with many people, he didn’t really have a choice with Uriel. Uriel was the type of guy that forced his friendship on everyone, and of course, they’d both had no choice but to bond over their exceptionally religious names.
Unbothered, Castiel replied flatly, “Go to the Host. Report me. But I know we can’t kill him. He was raised from Hell for a purpose and you know that torturing information from Alastair wasn’t it.”
“Castiel,” he blurted out.
Unsure how long they’d been at it, Dean pulled away eventually with a gasp. In his arms—he hadn’t realised they’d twined around her—Cas was swaying, and her face was pale and drained.
good. Like, I can feel her at all times, even when I’m asleep. I don’t know how to explain it but she’s just...amazing. I’m really lucky to bunk with her and you know—” she punched Dean again, but softly and it earned her a small smile. “—You make her want to throw everything away; all the bullshit she’s known and doubted. She envies the humans, you know. She’s real ashamed of it. But you make her feel things and that’s kinda beautiful, so… Yeah, I’m cool with the sex stuff.”
“Okay,” Pamela said, clapping her hands, interrupting Bobby’s griping. “So we’re all fed, we’ve got groceries in the trunk, our headaches are gone. Let’s go over what we talked about; Heaven’s sent angels to recruit you two for, what, some celestial mission?”
“You’re not dead,” he said, leaning his shoulder on the wall again.
Looking over his shoulder, giving the burning house and collapsing barn one last glance, Dean and Sam followed the angels into the small tool shed tucked beside a tangle of thorny bushes, and they piled in, eager to hear from the coward.
like the rest of us losers with a Netflix subscrip—”
Benny glanced sidelong at Dean, scowling as Dean shook his phone and tapped aggressively on the screen.
Thanks so much for the beta efforts of son_of_a_bitch_spn_family and MalMuses again. <3 Y'all are the best.
With a hearty blink, Dean’s face turned a bit flushed at his cheeks and he grinned, shrugging. “Nah, man. I’m just tired. Been putting in quite a bit of overtime myself.”
. I’ve killed my own children.”
“I like you, Martin,” Pamela said, falling into step with the usher.
The leader, a tall, buff guy with his hair in a brown ponytail turned at the sound of her voice. “Fallen!”
For a few minutes, he poked around Dean's fridge and cabinets, a bit lost at first as he searched for something to make. Eventually, he paused in his pursuit, his aching heart melting at pictures of Sam and Dean on the fridge, selfies with Charlie, and to his delight, even a ticket from the Tool show they'd seen almost a month and a half ago.
“Hallelujah for that, angel,” Dean whispered, his own red smudged lips quirking into a grin. “Would you like to return to my quarters where not only do I have a mirror, but a bed? I wish to seek revelation, angel.”
Sam ignored him, leaning out of the booth to follow someone with his eyes. “Annette is punching in an order right now. Go see if she’s the siren,” he ordered to Dean, pointing to her.
After they both laughed, Dean turned and left, leaving Castiel with four hundred and eight pieces of paper—the top two were a charming image of his hands, chest, and chin pressed into the copier. While he wouldn’t be putting these pictures on his desk or in his wallet, they’d find a homey place in his bedside drawer. Staring at the mess on the touchscreen, Castiel acknowledged that Dean’d left him with a mess to clean up, but also a fluttering, swelling feeling in his heart that made him feel like overtime maybe wasn’t all that bad.
and corrupt them. She does not exist to help you whenever you need it, or,” Zachariah leaned in close to Dean’s ear and whispered, “provide a warm hole for you to fill when you’re lonely and desperate, you writhing maggot.”
Castiel jumped a foot in the air when Both Dumah and Rachel grabbed him by the arms, jerking him up out of his seat.
Sam and Dean stood near the counter, staring at the man who squinted his beady eyes after the ‘omega’, who was having a slow go crossing the street with his large stomach.
“Dean—”
As Dean and Andi made themselves known, lurking outside the small crowd, Sam walked around and clapped Dean on the shoulder. “They’ve found the location of Heaven’s gate.”
“Go to the gates and get out!” Castiel yelled, grabbing Dean by the arm and shoving him past Naomi and Hannah, who grappled on the floor. “Go to your children and take them away from here. We’ve got this handled.
Again, her cold hands landed on his face, nails digging into his skin, and this time Dean didn’t fight it. A tear trickled down his face as she spoke.
“Cas’ apartment is freakin’ wrecked. Dean, there’s blood everywhere.”
” Sam asked in wonder. “So it’s real? Heaven is real?”
With his heart in his throat, Dean shook his head, words fighting bile to be the first out of his mouth. “No,” he ground out. “I was four. I was a kid. If I could’ve saved you, I would’ve—”
Castiel tipped his head back to the hot Kansas sky and squeezed his eyes shut while Uriel chuckled under his breath beside him. Hannah and Naomi walked ahead of them, pouring over the map. Or rather, Naomi tried to read the map while Hannah peered over her shoulder, not getting the hint when Naomi leaned away.
“Also,” he rasped, feeling his throat closing up, “I don’t know what happened there in the church, but ever since that...power, or whatever it is, came from inside me. I… Fuck, Cas, I’m hungry. The thirst for demon blood is strong and I need—”
“Quiet,” Dean ordered. “I appreciate that you’re a screamer, but leave that for furniture moving. You’re gonna get us fired.”
Sam grinned, and nodded over at Dean as they all stopped and let Charlie attempt to wave down a taxi. His eyes went crossed looking up at Hannah, who rested her chin on his head and waved her arm madly, also trying to wave down a taxi.
While Castiel was no wimp, he did feel a jolt of panic as he felt Dean press the tip of his cock against his waiting, slick hole. Dean’s cock wasn’t obscenely long, but it was certainly thick and had some weight to it. Cas’ fingers curled into the sheets, feeling sweat break out on the back of his neck and in the dip in his lower back. He felt Dean push forward a bit, slowly, carefully. Castiel felt Dean’s fingers around his own cock, being conscious of how far he was going in. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut as he felt himself stretch open, the feeling burning and painful. It wasn’t unbearable, but the sting was there. He bit down on his lip and was about to ask Dean to stop when Dean went still on his own.
“Yes, he mentioned something about a play,” the Duke said slowly, and Dean could clearly imagine the man narrowing his eyes at Castiel. His voice carried a distinct tone of suspicion.
They pulled apart and she whispered, “You have to be careful. I’m being watched.”
“So, yeah. Just have decaf. I know you like that expensive coffee from Starbucks, but that’s like a forty-minute drive and I’m sure they close soon—”
Pamela, who’d been watching them, crossed her legs and shrugged, turning out her palm and gesturing vaguely with her bottle. “D’you think we should ask your glowy grave friend?”
Dean rose to his feet and ignored Sam’s hand as it snapped out and grabbed at his wrist. “Dean, don’t. Let him just—”
For a split second, she looked like she was going to turn her head to follow him and she even said, “There’s no other…” before she realised what he meant and she swallowed hard as well, eyes a bit wide. “I see,” she said slowly. “Well, then perhaps…”
Dean half-stood again to help, but John sent him a glare that had him sitting back down just as quick.
“Where’s Castiel?” Dean asked sharply, letting the drapes flap back into place, done observing the front yard.
“Yes,” Zachariah said hushedly.
“You guys camped out here?”
He even opened his mouth to say so when Castiel half-turned to him and looked over her shoulder, waving vaguely towards the window sill and the typewriter there.
From the floor, where she was sewing a beige coat, Charlie chuckled.
She nodded shortly and smiled around at them. “Very well. I’ll leave the drink menu behind just in case, and will be back shortly with your fork, sir.”
Anna appeared before her, fumbling her hands over the restraints. “They are warded. I can’t break the restraints, Castiel. If I had something to break the chains holding you up, or something to break the warding, I might get us out, but—” Anna turned on the spot, trying to find anything that could break the links of iron pulling Ruby and Castiel’s hands up towards the support beams in the ceiling.
Shocked, and honestly lost for words, all Jamie could chatter out was, “I-I’m alive. I—”
Naomi | 2:47 (September 26th, 2019): Say no more, I shall come to bear witness. Praise be to his biceps.
“Nice,” Dean said, like working in HR was cool—which was nice of him because it most certainly was not. Noticeably, he did not say anything about the choking but had definitely watched the amber liquid dribble down his chin. “So what? You fire people over the phone?
A strange expression crossed her face, her eyelashes fluttering for a second and her mouth pursing, but then she went back to considering him carefully. “I can see that,” she murmured.
“We are not
“Authorized Personnel Only”, it said above the door. Dean raised the keycard he’d stolen from Hannah, and tapped the sensor beside the door.
Dean pulled a hand from his pocket and pointed it at her. “No, I wouldn’t. I’d doubt those bullshit orders, and I’d find another way. And this don’t seem like ‘greater good’. It seems like ‘greater bullshit’. Cas, give Anna a chance to save herself. Where is her grace?”
“Perhaps baby Leia shall be the first of these lovelies to become one of my very own children…” Barbara pondered.
Ah, one thing he didn’t want her to find. Cas unzipped a pouch and pulled out a roll of four squared foil packets. The condoms flopped out from her hand  and swayed as the car rumbled down the road.
’s premier show, it seems strange not to don the leading lady in something glamorous and spectacular. Dean, what’s your writer’s input? What’s your vision?”
“Yeah,” Sam nodded. “Well, most of it. After I read her stuff, I was intrigued so I read some other fics too, but hers were the best, so--”
Castiel cleared her throat. “I hadn’t noticed.”
Dean really wished she wasn’t so close, because he felt like hurling.
Wherever his counterpart of this world was now, Castiel pitied him.
Uriel shrugged one shoulder. “Not the first time an angel or two have lied for their mission.” His dark brown eyes shifted over to Castiel, smirking. “Right, Castiel? You lied to both Winchesters with the same falsehood not even a day ago. We had you on quite a roll there.”
“Fine! You know what?” Metatron yelped. “I’m done! That’s IT! How can I continue to enter into a creative process with people who can’t even appreciate my art?
“What are you—” Castiel started, losing her air of seduction and actually sounding annoyed.
Sam and Dean nodded, though Dean added bitterly, “Well, the angel seemed all enamoured with Sam.
unwell. “Hey, bud, you all right?”
“You’re a strong alpha,” Zachariah said, giving his shoulder a squeeze, his tone encouraging but his eyes predatory and venomous as they surveyed the side of Gadreel’s face. “You’ll create strong angels for us to replace the ones we lost trying to fix your mess.”
“Jerk.”
But what would be the point? When had Cas ever listened to anyone when the snide voices in his head were probably deafening.
“Where else?” Dean asked.
Dean’s face split into a grin and his eyes pinched at the corners in amusement. “Depends. Are you saying you’d come with me?”
“Yeah.” Dean pushed open the door with a grunt. “Put it on a sticky note.”
Feeling his face heat up, Castiel shifted his feet, his eyes narrowing at Dean. “Why do you have lubricant at the office?”
“Tell me you love me again,” Dean pleaded, blinking the burn of tears from his eyes.
To his surprise, Dean scratched at his jaw and made a pained face. Then he pushed off the table and strode over, filling the air within Castiel’s personal bubble with the scent of worn cologne—peach, cinnamon, and something woodsy...or was it leathery?
“Okay, okay,” Bobby said with a sigh. “We’ll head back, put the groceries away, and then set up shop in the living room. See what else we can dig up ‘bout these angels and…”
. But...don’t sweat it. We at least know the angels aren’t being hunted by demons. They ‘don’t got the weaponry’, he said, right? And hell, bright side? Alastair is dead.”
“You’re real patient with me,” Dean murmured, taking his time surveying Castiel’s face, his gaze lingering on each feature like he was crafting a mental picture. “If I were in your shoes, I don’t know if I would’ve been understanding of my bullshit, you know? I’m—” Dean laughed, shaking his head, “—a high maintenance boyfriend, I guess.”
“Stop,” Sam ordered, pausing as he loaded a shotgun with salt rounds. “I’m not kidding, it’s so gross.”
When Castiel looked up, a strange expression crossed Dean’s face. It made his mouth part ever so slightly and his eye lashes to flutter.
Dean tried to convince the feeling in his chest that Jack wasn’t worth mourning. He’d killed mom… He’d killed her.
In the frantic, excited energy of the theatre, Dean sat quietly in his seat, staring up at the ceiling. It was brown paneling, and elegant. It was certainly nothing compared to the mural of heaven and hell painted on the domed ceiling of Heaven.
Jamie and Jimmy exchanged looks, then Jimmy piped up and barked, “Escaped out the bathroom window. All you’ve got is us.”
He was in so much pain by the fifth deposit that he’d thrown up. Terrible in the sense that he’d gotten sick all over himself, and terrible because Abba was so furious that she punched him in the ribs. But it was glorious and one of his proudest moments so far, because he’d gotten Abba right down the front of her shirt with that morning’s breakfast, and damaged the sample she was taking from him.
“We should find out where we are,” Sam said as they swept out into the new street, blending in with pedestrians, who walked quickly and tucked into each other, their paces quick as they glanced in the direction of the battle. Strangely, while there’d been full-on supernatural beings duking it out one street over, the civilians looked merely stressed, and not running in absolute terror as expected.
Dean hadn’t ever been one to beg; in Hell he tried to avoid it, and on Earth, he hadn’t ever begged to anyone but his father when they’d been small, and didn’t understand why mom wasn’t coming back. But the last time Sam had dropped off food and failed to open the door for Dean, the words came out like vomit, projecting from within him, and spilled all down his front.
It had taken a long time to be comfortable being near a stage, and curtains, and to feel the heat of spotlights. Even the musty smell of theatres jogged with Dean’s imagination; it never smelled only like a theatre; it smelled like the metallic stench of blood, mixed it the musty curtain and actors’ sweat mixing with Castiel’s old perfume in Heaven. Every time he looked at those heavy, thick curtains, he remembered being shadowed by them as he held Castiel, dying in his arms, the heavy red velvet separating the worst night of his life from the cheering, oblivious audience that clapped thunderously in appreciation of her performance.
She stepped away from Cas, who finally looked down at herself and looked perplexed. She lifted her head and asked Dean with a brow raised, “Is this right?”
“Hey!”
PLEASE NOTE: In this chapter, just like in canon, Claire is present for the violence that occurs against her family. Unlike in canon, I tried to get her out of the scene before someone gets shot, but obviously, the situation in general would be traumatic to a kid. If you've been victim to a home invasion or something of the kind and would be triggered by something like this, please go to my tumblr (jscribbles-fanfic) and shoot me a message so that I can summarize the plot-points in the chapter for you so you can skip this chapter and still know what's going on later.
“Cas, please,” Dean begged, raising his shaking free hand up to his face, his fingers rubbing at his forehead and partially covering his eyes, which were unfairly covered in tears. What the fuck did
“I think,” Castiel spoke over him, her voice stern, “you haven’t thought everything through. You’re being reckless, while I am
The cupid opened his mouth to reply hotly, and his eyes narrowed, but the reply died on his lips. He tossed aside his bow onto the bed and threw his hands up, looking frustrated.
“Dude,” Dean called out to him from a lawn chair behind a broad table covered in band t-shirts, boxes of vinyl records, and comic book merchandise, “I thought you’d stood me up. Garbage started five minutes ago.”
“You’re not a dick—” Castiel began.
Dean | 4:46pm (September 31st, 2019): some guy
Sam was gonna throw up. He cried out, “Holy CRAP! What are you two
“It’s all right, buddy. You’ve got a lifetime to lose entire days to that game. It’s a right of passage to humanity.”
“Do you always have to do what they order? Do you always, um—” Dean winced. “—
“Ma, this is Cas,” Dean went on, gesturing with his thumb to Castiel, who stood beside him, his fingers curled up to press against Dean’s knuckles reassuringly. “He’s pretty hot, huh?”
“Lie? Hide? Be cryptic?” Dean offered, shaking his head.
Sam scowled and gestured between them. “Chuck is fine. If the demons come, they probably can’t hurt him. But they can steal the hard drive and fuck
"Better be sparkling when I get home or he'll be sleepin' in the streets tonight," Bobby grumbled.
For a second, everything seemed fine, like two people just enjoying the come down from a good fuck, but Dean still hadn’t moved or said anything after nearly half a minute, so Castiel shifted to the side, uncaring about the slippery, now sticky, mess that was his hand. “Dean?” he asked, his tone lifted in question.
“He’ll do something, Cas,” Dean said. “He’ll shut this place down. I don’t know how, I know he’s just one guy, but he has connections. I really believe he’ll make it happen.”
Dean grinned. “I can neither confirm nor deny that.”
Dean to share the tidbit. Maybe he kinda just knew anyway.
a ride in the Impala.”
"I think I found it." Castiel pushed about half a dozen bottles aside after finally finding one that started with an 'X'. He turned towards Dean and kneeled in front of him, his knee cracking uncomfortably on the cold tiled floor. He held up the bottle so Dean could see, but his green eyes were thick with tears and blinking hard, so that was probably useless. "Is this the one?"
Cas and Sam looked up from their fanfiction, both with a flat, unimpressed bitch face. Together, they said, “You said that last week.”
“Glad you chose up here,” Dean choked out gruffly, before he rubbed his lips with his hand and cleared his throat. “What happened with the Empty anyway?”
” He took Castiel by the shoulder and turned her around, stepping into her space.
Before he could prepare himself, Dean threw the sponge at him, getting him square in the chest. Castiel made a noise in his throat of surprise and held the sponge away from the front of his now sopping wet hoodie. “Hey!”
Take your pick.
It took a moment for Jack to consider it, doing his usual weird parrot head swivel thing before he nodded and reached forward, pressing his fingers to Dean’s forehead. “I suppose that’s okay.”
Castiel lowered himself slowly into a crouch, his heart sinking and chest aching. He wanted so desperately to still be angry, to amplify that small voice inside him that wanted to protect him from being used again, but that huge part of him that loved Dean was winning.
“You want me to explain?” Cas laughed coldly, shaking her head, her eyes narrowing at the path in front of her. Reverting to her mood from last night, Cas refused to look at him. “Where would you like me to start, Dean?” she asked, shifting her baby closer, holding Leia’s small neck in her palm with gentle hands, though her face was alight with rage, her tone heavy with sarcasm. “Perhaps I should start with how I had to walk from town to town in the heat with no shelter, no money, no clothing other than the ones I had on my back? Or should I begin with being arrested four separate times because locals believed me to be drunk and disorderly--”
Quickly, however, sound became unimportant, all except for the gurgling in Cas’ throat, and her moan as her knees gave out. Dean threw himself forward, catching her before she hit the ground.
Dean wasn’t sure what captured his attention more, Castiel’s exclamation or Sam’s gaggle of heavy, long limbs half-running, half-stumbling down the rickety steps up to the fly tower.
The way she said ‘again’ raised all kinds of alarms. Dean quirked his head and narrowed his eyes. “Wait, what do you mean?”
Ruby looked morally offended by that, stepping away from the angels and Sam shifted his feet, looking between everyone, seeming extremely conflicted.
“I gotta talk to Cas, I’ll see you later,” he mumbled, patting Sam on the shoulder.
She backed up as he walked towards her, though she didn’t break his gaze. Castiel tilted her head a bit, eyes flashing. “Yes, but don’t expect me to fake it tonight. You’re not a paying customer.”
The million ‘yes’s that were trying to escape his lips were swallowed by another kiss, a deep, lovely, amazing, beautiful kiss that was all the sappy words and more, but he was too busy being held up by a strong arm around his waist so he wouldn’t pass out to come up with anything better.
“Tequila,” Hester said dryly before she left the chat, too.
Sam eyed the tags in front of him.
Castiel nodded, jumping a bit when he walked backwards into someone, a girl who shot him a dirty look. “Y-Yes. If Naomi is still talking to me, she might try to rangle me to go see Celine Dion—”
Jamie raised her hand from her pocket and pointed with a shaking hand, nodding at the angel. “You seem to be walking just fine on those stilts.”
“I was supposed to be the good one,” Dean went on, his teeth bared, his eyes dangerous. His finger twitched on the trigger. “You were the
Ignoring the fact that Dean’s forearms strained to hold the bucket up and that the bulge in his jeans shorts was pressed against the rim of the bucket, Castiel pulled his hands back out of the water again. The bubbly liquid sloshed around his wrists, soap sliding down his hands. Castiel wrung out the sponge a few inches above the water, white foam oozing from the end of it, dripping off and gathering between Castiel’s fingers. Inches from his face, he could feel Dean watching, his breath against his ear.
Jimmy and Jamie screamed after Tammy as she grabbed Claire and dragged her from the room, although Claire was giving them hell, kicking and biting…
“What was that?” the Duke snapped.
angel?” Jamie whispered. “You told mom and dad there were lots.”
Castiel stared at his friend, shaking his head. “You’re joking.”
Yes. He could have another beer.
Looking over her shoulder, Castiel’s blue eyes flashed and she looked like nothing in the world could make her believe him. “Yet you ran to Naomi the first chance you got?”
Castiel tried hard to ignore Sam’s look of concern. He felt his face tingle and knew he probably looked pale.
Pale blue eyes stared up at him painfully and Gadreel whispered, “Better me than them.”
“Yes,” Castiel whispered, raising his head. His eyes were a whirlpool of pain and fear. “We’d felt the presence of an omega angel the moment you three had landed in this universe. And last night, we all felt the blast of grace when the nephil was conceived. We never thought we’d feel it again, there hasn’t been an omega angel for nearly eleven years.”
Sam gaped a bit at her, obviously confused as to why she was in such a sour mood, but then he cleared his throat. “Uh, yeah. The...other nanny. You knew her?”
The nephil kicked, as if to say,
“Well,” Chuck replied slowly, his eyes darting around the cabin nervously, “I kinda knew Lilith would be in town. I-I saw us here, in the car, and I saw Dean with her later.”
Sam | 4:36pm (September 31st, 2019): plans tonight? Charlie said Tool was playing in Kansas City tonight, i’m surprised you’re not going
Sam put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, holding him back, but Dean didn’t need to be held back. The look on Cas’ face kept his feet planted, his body frozen.
He thought Dean would reject him, would turn him down, especially because Dean stared at him for much too long, his eyes searching his face, his expression filtering through various emotions.
“Oh, no, no. It’s nothing.” Dean heard Sam pause uncertainly, but he didn’t look back at them, and instead focused on glaring at Castiel’s friend, who was turning around and openly returning Dean’s look of distrust. Sam asked, “Uh, who’s your friend?”
Cas was looking around the room. Quietly, she rumbled, “The girl. You found her?”
Sam nodded and he leaned forward, capturing her lips once more.
“Your
That had the boys break up rather quickly, shuffling away from each other, leaving a foot of space between their shoulders.
“Jack enjoys them,” Castiel murmured, allowing himself to enjoy the small, budding buzz of butterflies awakening from the dead in his stomach like zombies. Dean’s laugh was almost as nice as his voice and
“Yes?”
Castiel’s fingers were warm in his, and when they gave him a squeeze, Dean looked around at his family. He could’ve sworn he smelled the vaguest waft of rain, like a storm was coming.
“Whoa,” Dean said, dropping his hands down to his sides, pushing himself up straighter. He glared at her under furrowed brows. “You just sneak into people’s bedrooms like that? It’s creepy. What do you want?”
“Oof!” His breath was punched out of him when he fell towards her, Castiel’s knee getting him right in the stomach and his face bumping against her chest. She yelped too, leaning away from him, and what ended up happening was a clumsy mess of limbs flailing.
Dean didn’t sleep that night.
wanted to become a famous actress. Deep down, she’d known the desire to be famous had come from a place of wanting to belong, to be something more than a sex pawn for profit. But this felt wrong; to leave Heaven behind, Dean, to leave her family, her home.
“And what side did you guys choose exactly?” Sam asked warily, and Dean noticed him shuffling uncomfortably. It seemed both Winchesters immediately became aware they may have ended up locked in a car with the wrong side.
He needed to find out where they were, and then he needed to find a phone. Thankfully, the office lacked a lot of things—personality, feeling, any kind of personal pictures on the desks—but it did not lack phones.
Getting past Benny, handing his cash to Meg, and then buying a drink from the bar; each step uncurled the tight and taut ball of anxiety that normally lived in his chest. It was always there, like it had sunk thorny roots into his flesh and coiled around his organs. By the time he turned from the bar, tipping his head back and letting sharp whiskey burn down his throat, the last of his worries were extinguished by the amber liquid.
Dean was massaging the hose, thumb dragging up the underside and giving it a little shake like that would help the water pour out faster. Ignorant to many human things as he may be, Castiel was entirely aware of the fact that hoses didn’t need to be massaged in order to function.
, Dean thought briefly.
"Yes." Alastair nodded. "Thanks to you, my love, it is Apocalypse Now, and if all goes to plan, if we fed you good in Hell, and I taught you right: Satan is gonna wear you to his Inaugural Ball. Consider it your reward for jump-starting the end of days."
? They’d traversed the terrors of Hell together for two entire decades?
“Hi, Sam.” Dean grinned. “Miss me?”
it. I—”
“What’s plan—”
It was just a bit. Just enough to taste, but not enough to enhance anything...right?
Ridiculously, he almost added, ‘sir’, at the end, but he swallowed that down with his mouthful.
With a quick nod, Jamie reached up and took his hands as he helped her up. Wordlessly, they headed to the Impala, and Jamie turned off her phone.
Another hard, loose slap left a handprint on the angel’s ass.
Castiel’s time in Solitary was quite easily the worst three days of his entire life.
Anna finished lifting herself up into the room and wasted no time. She walked past Castiel, right up to the opposite wall, where Sam just noticed a sigil drawn in ash. He watched Anna drag her hand through it and nod.
The morning was typically Castiel’s least favourite time of day, with two sessions ahead of him, but as he walked in front of Dean to the day’s first trip to the dairy farm, he didn’t feel the usual fear. He felt Dean’s eyes on him and as they crowded by the door, waiting for the first cohort of men to exit, Dean’s pinky finger curled around his own, giving it a squeeze. The gesture was reassuring and Castiel found himself looking over his shoulder to smile at Dean, who winked back and smirked.
The office stood and visibly bristled. “People are hurt, and possible dead down there, boy. Turn your car around, and go find a motel.”
“Tell me the truth,” Dean begged. “We can stop this before it's too late. And then we can run.”
“Blocked,” she said lowly, sliding her hands in her pockets. “Yes, the demons are responsible for that. Murdered an entire church to do it.”
Dean’s hand twisted around the handle of an angel blade Hannah had pushed into his hands at some point. Swallowing, Dean added gruffly, “I’m sorry we didn’t listen to you. Cas and I.”
“No, I…” It occurred to him that he’d never had a talk with Uriel about who he was, about
Sam cleared his throat, but still his voice came out strained. "What are you saying?"
“It’s my devilishly handsome face, isn’t it? Or is the big toe that kind of looks like Rudolph Valentino? I know you’re a fan of his—”
. You don’t have enough juice,” she mocked in a sneer, her eyes turning white, her chest heaving. “You destroyed yourself for this and you
In a voice that was pride and reverence and warmth, he heard her words near his ear, clear and resounding:
Dean blinked. “You know about that?”
But his dad was dead, and Sam was a different story. Sam’s eyes when Dean had confessed about demon blood were tearing him up. As enhanced as the demon blood made him feel, the disappointment in Sam’s eyes almost negated the effects.
“Sit,” Castiel urged gently, helping Dean down onto the edge of his tub, shoving the shower curtain out of the way. “Tell me what you need.”
So Dean rode the rising, towering crescendo of anger in his chest and he let the WD40 hang off his hooked finger at his side, the bottle heavy and swinging against his thigh. His other hand curled and he lifted it, pointing at his dad.
Even with eyes blurred with tears, Dean knew it was Sam’s hands yanking him up, then gently leading him over to the small moth-eaten couch in front of a boxy old motel TV.
Castiel crossed his arms, pressing his forearms up against his stomach, not enjoying the added pain in his chest now. “This front seat feels the same as the back seat.”
“Hey Dean,” Sam said quickly into the phone, his head ducked for a moment, his eyes darting around his plate. “I’m just at dinner, I’ll call you right back aft—”
Not wanting to rush, not wanting to make Dean tense up again, he scooped a bit more oil from the jar and melted down the soft coconut oil into liquid between his palms to apply to the back of his legs, running his hands up the muscles with firmer pressure. It was only when he slid his hands back up those thighs and his thumbs ran across the dip of Dean’s ass, the two crevices where those curves met the top of his legs, did Dean shudder.
Dean stared at Cas, feeling a bit lost. He blinked, giving his head a little shake. “Um...I… I guess…”
“Dean?” she asked faintly.
Before he did anything stupid, Dean lifted himself to his feet, and he left.
A majority of the texts, of course, were from Jimmy.
“Might’ve been a good idea,” her brother murmured back.
Dean wiped at his mouth and licked his dry lips, his eyes staring at the lumpy mess of pie. His croissant was untouched.
He felt so much better, he felt so much better,
“Love you too, idiot,” she snapped. “Now I’m gonna go get a little tipsy and get ready.”
of trenchcoat? And what does she wear under the trenchcoat? A dress? A shirt? Does it have bustle? I’m hoping you’re imagining something with glitter because I have bags of glitter I need to do away with… Hey! Where are you going?”
“I want this ending re-written, do you understand?” Zachariah whispered. He didn’t need to speak louder. A pin drop could be heard in the theatre. “Celeste will return to Heaven. She will do as she is told and she won’t help Daniel. Perhaps in the end, Michael will have his sword after all.”
Between songs, as Reznor said something or other to the crowd that earned him a cheer—Castiel’s ears felt like they were buzzing, he had no clue what was being said—Naomi nudged his hip with her bag and asked, “Let’s go. I saw a misting tent not too far from here.”
“Take me home, Dean,” she murmured into his neck, her cheek on his shoulder. As she felt his hand go to the back of her neck, she sighed, “I love you.”
He shouldn't have said that. If he was the angel he used to be, back in the day when he knew his place among these very angels, he wouldn’t have ever said that. But he’d been spending too much time around two humans who never knew when to shut up.
Fezra rolled her eyes and turned on her heel, her blade swinging down lazily to her side as she faced the gates and raised a hand. As she swept her fingers over it, using grace-magic to activate the sorcery required to open Heaven, Azrael pulled Hannah roughly to her feet, following Gadreel’s lead with Castiel.
Raising his eyes to stare at Cas and Anna again, Dean swallowed hard and exhaled a stream of anxiety through his lips. “Can’t imagine why she’d stay, y’know? I’m not addicted to demon blood anymore—the thirst is totally gone, so no need for a cure. And there’s no giant mission anymore, no more prophecy to fulfill. We hadn’t seen angels on Earth for our entire lives, I can’t imagine they'd hang out down here for no reason. She’ll probably go back to Heaven and… Dunno, guess I won’t be seeing her anymore.”
Cas spit into the toilet and flushed, his body shaking, his fingers trembling as he dragged a ball of toilet paper over his mouth sluggishly. “Or what?” he croaked as he sat to the side with a thump, leaning on the bathroom wall like a sweaty, exhausted lump.
“I won’t give into you,” turned out to be her reply. He was puzzled when she began walking away.
“Sorry, Char.”
Sam wiped at his mouth and reached for his water. “So, what is the deal up here? Is it...like, real life? What do you do if you’re not hunting?”
out there that thought I’d succumb to darkness too, and I didn’t.”
Dean understood Cas in any universe too fucking well to know where this was going. Crossing the rest of the room in three quick, wide strides, Dean kneeled down beside Castiel and reached up, holding his hot, wet face in his hands.
Well, rough for Cas, amusing for Dean.
Castiel looked around with amusement, gesturing vaguely at the trees—such a loose, human gesture. “We’re in Paradise, Dean. We have nothing but time.”
“I know,” Naomi murmured, nodding, her eyes pinched in the corners. When she reached between them and took his hand, he didn’t fight it. She gave his hot fingers a squeeze. “I know of your hopelessness. I’ve felt it for weeks now. I’ve seen the wilting of your grace, and I know of the hollow ache in your chest. Such...intense loneliness.”
however, walk over to the kitchenette and fill a tall glass with water. He handed it wordlessly to Castiel, and his fingers were gentle when they took the bloody blade from Castiel’s hand. His voice were quiet when he ordered him to drink, and he started up a shower for Castiel without being asked. He took the glass from him and again, his words were gentle and soft when he suggested Castiel shower the blood off.
“Were you writing?” she asked curiously.
Castiel glanced down and chuckled to himself, noticing Uriel’s shirt that said;
Images from Dean’s nightmares flashed behind his eyes, of someone forcing themselves onto Cas, and a painful, screaming birth that smelled of terror and pain.
“I’m good. This is enough.”
“I’m dreaming,” Dean breathed.
“Need to go to bed,” Sam insisted, rubbing at Dean’s back as he navigated them through the yard and up to the house.
Dean’s heart sunk. “Uh, well, I didn’t get a chance to call, Cas. We were kinda busy and we figured you could handle yourself.”
Dean spooned pudding into his mouth and smiled, his cheeks puffy with food. “So you don’t have a boyfriend, then?”
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, swerving his flashlight around, his eyebrows furrowed together.
The judgment that Dean had been waiting for suddenly was present like a black cloud rolling in over the car cabin. Sam’s lips twisted into a scowl and his eyes went a bit dark. “You did call her a bitch apparently, after all,” Sam accused, his voice a bit clipped. “Do you really blame her for not wanting to take anything from you, if it came down to it? I mean,
This was originally one giant chapter, so I split it into two. The next part comes out later this week. :D
Castiel rolled her eyes. “I’ve never done this for free, if that’s what you’re asking.”
“What are you talking about?” Castiel demanded in frustration, so incredibly annoyed that Naomi couldn’t respect the simplest of boundaries, especially when she was only crossing them to prove some stupid, unfounded hunch she had.
“What?” Zacharich asked, cupping his ear, while Uriel snorted. With an aggressive flourish, his hand snapped forward and he ripped off the gag.
be lonely, but he’d chosen loneliness because it was better than the pain of backstabbing friends.
“Yes,” Gadreel replied. “From what I’ve gathered, the humans did not survive. We all know humans do not carry angelic seed; it only works the other way around. Their physiology cannot contain angels. They...” Gadreel looked a bit white, too, mirroring Castiel’s discomfort. “I was still imprisoned during these experiments, but they’d hold the humans in cells adjacent to mine. I heard their screams sometimes. I heard them as they perished. It was always violent. It was
“Are you enjoying the view?”
“Please, please,” Dean begged, the demon blood in him burning by now, feeling like it was starting to boil. It was repulsed by the panic room and seemed to want out of his body. “Please let me out, Sam. Please, please. I can’t st-stand it in here.”
there.”
“The informant goes by ‘Fallen’. Any idea who that might be?”
Cas scowled, looking around, and then she fixed Dean with a narrow-eyed stare and replied, “Yes, I can, Dean. I can move through physical barriers, as my wings are multidimensional. My flight is too quick for the human eye.”
Cas’ head tipped back and she moaned when Dean went down on her.
“Why not now?”
"Anywhere," Dean breathed.
“That’s right,” Castiel agreed, his voice thick as he pushed the last of his food into his mouth and chewed inside his cheek. “You just moved to the area, by Heaven, you said.”
friends.”
Dean choked on spit and coughed into his elbow, staring at Cas with wide eyes. His voice strained, he wheezed, “Dude, wow, moving fast here.”
Jack stood at the base of the iron steps, a small smile on his face and his hand raised by his shoulder in greeting. “Hello!”
Metatron spun on his heel, leaning heavily on the doorknob which he grasped within white fingers. “Somewhere where people appreciate real art!”
“Leave me alone.”
A flicker of anger fizzled in Dean’s chest. “God, huh? Did he tell you anything else? Like why he fucked off and left the world to shit—”
"He loved me," Dean choked out, raising the hand to his eyes, his fingertips digging into his hairline. "All this time. He did...did it all for me. H-he thought I was worth i-it. He thought I was worth falling in love with and I f-fucking let him down. Again. I had time to...to
Andi’s face melted into a pleased smile, his blue eyes twinkling. “Very, very good to meet you, Dean.”
Before he could answer, Sam was throwing the demon knife at Ruby. She caught it and spun around.
“Why weren’t you sent to the farms?” Castiel asked.
Rage thrummed through him and this time he was sure it had nothing to do with the demon impurities tainting his blood. He raised a shaking finger at her and he snarled, “You want me to drink that shit?”
isn’t dead.”
Over the next few months, the buzz of excitement caused by the play spread from containment within the walls of Heaven, out onto the streets of New York. Posters and billboards funded by the Duke were plastered across the city, though Dean was sure half of them ended up on his walls, pinned above his desk where he wrote. Beautiful illustrations of Cas as Celeste looked down at him, looking powerful and dangerous, with black wings stretched out on either side of her, sprouting from the back of her beige trenchcoat. Dean had ones of Sam too, looking cooler than he actually was as Daniel, in a brown letter jacket and hair that looked very devil-may-care.
Castiel put his hands on Dean’s hips, taking a chance that he wasn’t doing the wrong thing, and turned him a bit to the left to face the proper door.
Chuck’s face seemed to collapse and he breathed, the corners of his eyes wet. “Oh… Sam.”
curling his lips into an ‘o’ before he came.
"YOATTI," Dean fumbled.
“Mhmn!” Sam agreed, pointing at her, before he struggled for another contribution. Dean’s eyes fell on a painting on the wall, a gold pentagram carved into the canvas. Sam must’ve seen the same thing because he exclaimed, “And Satan!”
Other than Cas, Uriel is my fave angel. Funniest angel in the garrison, amirite?
Hannah curled a finger around a curl that fell into her face. “I guess you wouldn’t need to, a guy like you.”
Maybe he'd be bleeding much less furiously from a stab wound in the arm if he hadn't left a bruise on her jaw and hand print around her neck.
Dean ignored him, his breath picking up again, his face cramped up and chin trembling. “And I could see I was leaving Sam to deal with everything and that made me feel real guilty, too. I k-know I should’ve been helping, but I couldn’t—And on top of that, I should’ve been thinkin’ about m-my d-dad, but all I've wanted to do was see you.”
It was, again, completely forgotten when fingers replaced Dean’s tongue—one, then two. They were coated in lube and working him slowly.
She crossed and then uncrossed her legs. “Of course. I mean, I’d love to have both of you.”
first?
“I’m sorry, Cas,” Dean said, swallowing audibly. He turned down his gaze to Leia, noting she was nearly done her milk, and he tilted it up a bit, helping her get the dregs. “They trying to take her away from you?”
Suddenly, Castiel remembered; there was a place in his head where Daphne didn’t call him baby; it was in his bed, last night, with Dean. Dean, who cared about him, and wanted him to be happy and feel safe. Dean, who made him laugh and wiped his tears, who rubbed his back when he was sick all night. Dean who made himself ill to steal a heating pad for him when his body clenched and ached. And Dean, who was trying so hard to save them. Dean, who was gonna be there for him when the milking felt good, who was the one thing to ground him to a place of hope and freedom, of comfort, of warmth.
Ash tittered. “Oooooooh, shit. Dean-o is in trouble.”
Dean reached up and rubbed wetness from his eyes, ignoring the feeling of each brick being slid into place as he put up a wall around his heart. There wasn’t enough room in his whirlwind of a mind for thinking about Jack, although his heart disagreed, squeezing and shuddering at the memories of that kid.
Dean faced her completely, shielding her from Uriel's field of vision. In the quiet between then, Dean asked hotly, "What the hell is going on, Cas? Huh? Why's Uriel got
Do you even
“Your wife called me over, Jimmy!” Roger laughed, raising his hand to pound on the door. “Thought we’d all have a good time together. I’ve always wanted to be inside your sister, maybe tonight I’ll finally have the—”
“Do we have any reason to believe the ‘Hack3r’ is responsible for this? Have you questioned Hannah?”
“Brrrrrr. Brrrraaaah,” Leia said, blowing a bubble of spit at him.
The other angel was silent, and Dean saw the skin of Uriel’s knuckles tighten around his blade. “You speak above your rank, Casti—
“You’re a jerk,” Sam huffed, wiping at his eyes.
Dean sat, but he pulled his legs up to his chest and rested his wobbly chin on his knees, watching the TV that Sam clicked on.
Charlie’s eyes darted between the boys, and she explained quickly, “Because I grew up in that place with Castiel, we were friends! Well, we
“Ye—uh—” Dean sucked in air carefully, his shoulders jumping as he coughed, the sound like a goose honking, and his chest shuddered as he inhaled. “N-No! No, Char—Charl-lie is...fr-friend. She’s a-a friend.”
When she led him out into the hallway, the light from the gate behind her shoulders dimmed like the gate was sentient and knew no one had intentions to use it anymore.
She nodded, and stepped inside, clearing past him so he could close the door. The edge of her long brown skirt swept across the floor, and her shirt was a bit wrinkled, not tucked in like usual. One flap was tucked in while the other looked like it had come loose at some point, and her sleeves were rolled up to her elbows. Nothing was shining; no diamonds or rhinestones. She was just Cas, looking tired.
“I-I was sick,” Charlie stammered. A hanger made a screeching sound on the rack.
Hannah’s mouth opened to reply, but was interrupted by Naomi, who was on her way out of the mess hall. She paused, having heard Dean. Her entourage of armoured dickheads stopped behind her, and Naomi smiled in a way that had Castiel’s stomach churning. He quickly yanked his fingers away from Dean’s.
Dean argued, “I like him better.”
“I thought you
Samhain chuckled, the sound echoing darkly. He spread his arms out and simpered, “The seal has been broken. We are one step closer to destiny, to Luci—”
“Gross.”
Mr. Harvey nodded like he understood, and soon after, Mrs. Harvey appeared with a sticky note. She gave Dean Cas’ address and asked to be updated on the case as it progressed.
“You are special, Jamie. Your bloodline may perceive my true visage, but other humans are not as fortunate. One look at my true form and their eyes would burn out of their skulls. My true voice would burst their eardrums. Many do not live once they behold my presence.”
Dean clapped a hand to his mouth so his laugh wouldn’t travel. Balthazar wasn’t as subtle, bursting into surprised chortles. “Castiel!”
He nodded. “Thank you, Daph.”
Sam looked worse for wear too, his under-eyes sunken, and his usually shiny chocolate locks looking a bit limp and worried from shaking fingers carding through them. But he was steadier than Dean, though Castiel wasn’t sure if that was because he wasn’t as close to John as Dean was, or that he had his mental breakdowns behind closed doors. Judging by the way Hannah’s hand was always gripping his tightly, Castiel figured it was the latter.
He remembered everything. Despite the fact that the statement probably meant nothing, Castiel found himself smiling anyway. “I remember everything, too. I...had quite a lot of fun.”
He swayed a bit when Balthazar clapped him on the arm, “Close your mouth, Dean. You’ll attract flies.” He moved past him, giving his arm a final squeeze. “Welcome to the team. I look forward to reading your script. Have the first few scenes ready for me by Monday.”
He needed to talk to her.
,” he pointed at himself, before turning the finger on Sam, “if you have work for
“Because,” Dean replied with a shrug, turning onto his side to face Cas, “that’s fucked up. We’re already chained and drugged up. It’s fucked up enough in the first place that we even have to do this shit, it’s even more fucked up that she tried to suck you off without your consent.”
Dean had dumped them at the gates of the junkyard. Sam found them in a scattered heap.
Dean had to lift his head, too, because the words
“M’fine,” Dean muttered. “Tired. Worked all week changing all the merchandising to accommodate the new t-shirt racks and stuff. I don’t care what dad says, I think Mom would rather her store be kept open more than she’d care about if we now sell used PS4 games.”
The demon laughed, clapping his hands together with mirth. “This isn’t Hocus Pocus, you dumb sack of goo and cartilage. There are no hallowed grounds up here, there are only high rises and strip joints, and some piss and gum-ladened cement for y’all to walk on.”
“What?” he asked, giving his head a shake.
Half-way to the couch, a few feet away from Dean, Castiel froze. Was Dean
Dean turned back to Castiel, ready to shoot her right in the head, when Sam got to his feet and asked breathlessly, red with anger, “What did you do to him?!”
“No,” Dean breathed, his teeth chattering as nerves shook him. “No, I had to pull a stunt with Cas to—”
“I can’t do it,” Dean breathed, just loud enough for Castiel to hear, and he heard the panic in his voice. “I c-can’t. I don’t want to.”
“You didn’t let him in, did you?” Charlie asked with a groan, tipping her head back.
most times. Sometimes the human way is simpler.”
She stood beside the chair Zachariah had sat in, looking far away, her hands curled at her sides.
“Oh, just whatever you’re having,” Hannah replied, wrinkling her nose.
Then again, he wished he hadn’t been buried at all. His body should have been burnt to a crisp and shoved into an urn for his loved ones to cry over. Had Sam and Bobby really been so stupid?
He got up.
“Happy Valentine’s Day,” Castiel whispered.
“I’m not scared,” Dean whispered, licking his lips. Beside him Benny nudged him with his shoulder.
“Hey Dean,” Alfie said slowly, sounding nervous. Dean pressed his head against the door, feeling his chest tighten and eyes sting. Behind him, Alfie’s steps were slow, shuffling over the hard floor. “I ain’t so bad to room with. I don’t snore or anything. I...I mean I know you and Cas are, uh, close, but you’ll see him at lunch and dinner. It’ll be fine. It—”
Dean fell into step with Charlie, pulling his hand away from her grip, and half-trying to peer out into the theatre as they walked through the shadows. The theatre was almost seated completely...the show would start soon.
“So what exactly is Meg’s problem?” Dean asked, shifting in the bathtub and arranging his legs so that they were slotted easier along Castiel’s.
“Yeah,” Dean murmured, working methodically. “You gotta start from the end and go up.”
The blood squirted from the wound in her side, and the white shirt was now almost entirely red, the tip of the blue tie a rich purple. Dean only half-felt Kevin dropped down on Cas’ other size as the seizing subsided, but he let him pull Cas onto her side and press the jacket he’d been wearing against the front of the wound. Hannah dropped down beside Dean and followed suit, pushing her own jacket into Dean’s hand. “Press it there, D-Dean. Press it there until we get h-h-help!”
Behind Dean, Sam looked up at Castiel’s face, then down to the cupid. “What happened? D-Did he attack you?”
“Cas,” Dean said, his breath fogging over the class for a second, “I came over to tell you something.”
"Not well enough!" Dean yelled, his outburst heating the skin of his face. The very thought of Ruby made him re-live the drag of curled hellhound claws through the flesh of his chest, gutting him.
They’d ignored him. To his horror, they’d just shook their heads and walked away.
“You can’t be serious.
write for the play? I thought you merely had a concept, a-a backstory...” She laughed a bit, genuinely looking like she was struggling to keep a straight face. ”My goodness, what kind of duke are you?”
Cas continued though, lost in her own mind as she gazed at his lips. “When I was an angel, I had the capacity to forgive and let go of grudges, and I appreciated solitude. The grace that thrummed inside me helped me detach emotions from existence, and pain was a sensation but nothing more. Now, I can’t separate emotion or pain from who I am, and I don’t yet know how to manage it. I want to forgive but every time you try to say you’re sorry, I feel anger, and Dean, I don’t have the energy to be angry.”
Castiel shoved her hand under the plethora of fluffy pillows on the bed and she pulled out a long, silver blade. Before Dean knew what was happening, the tip of the weapon was pointed at his chest.
Still, he kissed back and reached up to cup her face too. As soon as he did so, one of her hands reached down and undid his trousers. Her other hand joined in and yanked down his pants. He sucked in a sharp breath when air hit his cock and balls, his stomach turning with surprise at her forceful, no-time-to-waste approach. He said her name again as she pulled her hands up to his shoulders and hopped up, swinging her legs around his waist.
touched his skin, moving down his neck in soft, tender kisses that filled him entirely with warmth.
But Dean had no intention of leaving. As a matter of fact, he yanked on the tie, jolting Castiel forward, and they crushed their lips together, breathing hard as their both became instantly and intensely aroused. Castiel felt the firm thickness of Dean’s cock against his leg, and pressed into it gently, earning a throaty moan from his crush.
“Cas,” Dean breathed, “is that a--”
Ash pointed at a stunning woman who was walking through the crowd in high heels so tall they made Dean’s ankles hurt. Her outfit was black and lace, curling up her legs and twining up her arms. Her corset was black and shiny, adorned with red crystals to match the bustle of red tulle erupting from her lower back. Another spotlight shone on her as she joined Hannah, though her movement through the crowd was more sultry. She said,
