“How am I alive.” It wasn’t a question. It was a statement, bitten out between clenched teeth.
Hammer coughed and straightened. “At least I’m not a washed up, cowardly
Steve stared at the two of them, mouth agape. “
“Works perfectly. Tony used it himself when he came to my cell before the battle. ‘said I had somewhere around 600 souls. But then he did- he did
His eyes flickered to Tony’s hand where hovering over his cheek, ready to brush his tear away.
But maybe he could do this.
“I didn’t think he knew,” Steve said, wringing the dish towel and turning his back to the cafe at large, pretending to wipe down some of the cups that were already dry. “I, uh-“
Steve didn’t voice any of this. Instead, he smiled. “I’m sure you and your students have made admirable progress,” he said. “Send over your devices first thing tomorrow and they will be duly considered. Now - Stark. I understand you have an invention?”
Yeah.
“Sweetie,” Hammer said, launching out of his seat and putting his arm around her shoulders. He snatched one of the pages of notes she had to prove her suspicions, perusing it with disdain. “I know you think you’re right, but it’s simply
He adjusted the controls without saying a word, moving the portal a few hundred feet to the west of its original coordinates, hoping,
“And there,” Bucky continued, voice firm. “’You deserved the truth, and I hid it from you.”
“You’re not coming with me?”
Bruce put a hand on his shoulder, and gave it a comforting squeeze. “He
It took the brush of a hand across his jaw, settling on his neck, for Steve’s mind to catch up.
He recognised that handwriting. He tried not to think of Steve reliving Bucky’s final day and focused on the running total at the bottom of the page.
. It seemed to be some kind of small city, bordering on the edge of cold stark wilderness that Steve was stumbling from, three days with no food or water or hope to sustain him.
Tony could feel the nausea overtaking him - it took every fibre of his being
And it was true. Tony’s waking nightmare, his eternal damnation, his constant mantra of
“Please, Tony, don’t forget.”
That was his legacy.
He’d just have to make sure nobody knew he was there.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You set this up?”
Steve eyed the evacuees below.
Strange passed behind the statue, his hands glowing, and the relic began to glow in kind. He paced slowly back down the steps, following the arc of the awkwardly drawn circle, and slowed to a stop before it. He stood for a moment, finishing his incantation, as his hands and the relic reached a painful brightness.
“Tony.”
“Do you?”
Clint thought.
“Does the device work?”
“Do you remember?” the man asked, eyes closed.
The man led him back to the strange room Anthony called home. Anthony followed, soft and silent, marvelling at how the grass felt under his feet - as though suddenly, in this man’s presence, he became less stone and more flesh. The man sat down against the wall, let his head fall back against it with a thud. His eyes were closed, and Anthony knelt in front of him.
. I destroyed everything.
Clint was looking at him oddly. Tony wasn’t sure if he’d noticed Tony’s grimace of pain when the
She frowned. “He’s dead.”
“I don’t see why not.”
Tony waved the question away. “Anyway, point is, wanna go hang out? I’ve got the morning free, you’ve got the morning free, let’s make it a date. I’ll pose however you like.”
Steve wasn’t sure if that was for the better or worse.
He sat up, shaking off what seemed to be a fine dusting of shimmering blue sand.
I’m on
Steve stayed, for hours, and told him stories about people he didn’t know, had never met. Stories like how a robot had finally stopped making smoothies, which only worried people more; about a hawk who could no longer fly without a friend to lift him; of a spider who was spinning webs around the enemy, getting closer by the day. Of a god who had stopped laughing, and a man who was lately always tinged ever so slightly green.
He reached for it, inching slightly closer to it until he could get a grip of its edge with blood-slick fingers. It was achingly slow pulling it back with him, but he made it, stopping a moment to pant as he reached the rippling edge of the portal. The red light was flooding from his palms, lighting up his skin from within and sparking between his fingertips like miniature bursts of lightning. He gripped the shield with both hands, balanced the edge of it on the top of the core’s casing, and lifted it above his head.
Bruce shuffled forward, seeming apologetic. He held it toward Carol. “If I may, Captain?”
Anthony couldn’t respond. He was kneeling in front of the man, hand hovering over the man’s forehead, desperately wanting to gently tease the man’s fingers from where they were buried in blond hair.
himself for it.
Unfortunately, however, she still had to interact with them
“So I keep telling people,” Tony replied. He put her notes carefully atop the desk and frowned at the top page. “But somehow, against all odds, he’s still here.”
He had to stay here.
He froze.
That left Clint with more questions than answers, though. How did the kid even have powers? Why were his webs found on Iron Man’s victims?
“Playing with radiation is why I’ve got The Other Guy to deal with.”
Behind him, Peggy finished telling the gathered advisors and military leaders everything she knew - which was, unfortunately, very little. Steve didn’t doubt her abilities as a master spy - nobody did - but the fact that they didn’t know exactly what enemy was advancing upon them drove a stake of worry straight through Steve’s chest. He was a tactician, a strategist, and he did his job best when he understood exactly what he was working with.
It was still early, still quiet, but Tony was there staring out the window, a fist holding up his chin. He took a sip - or, more, a gulp - and deliberately turned his phone face down when it lit up and buzzed against the counter.
Out of the corner of his eye he could see that Steve had recovered. The king was climbing out of the haystack was staggering toward him, injured but already healing, tripping over bodies both friend and foe, screaming his name, but Tony could only hear the crackling of magic in his ears. He pressed a hand to the wound in his chest, overwhelmed. His fingertips brushed the Core’s casing.
He felt it the night before, thankfully, and though he was determined to work whenever he could even he could recognise he shouldn’t be working with food while unwell.
Bucky glanced at Steve.
to sway and fall where he stood. He felt Steve recover and climb to his feet and let the king take his back, but just as fiercely fought anything that came within reach, a desperation and frantic need to protect his king and his people overwhelming even the worst of his magic poisoning. He could feel the darkness swelling within him - the gaping maw that stood in his place, the
“I’ll call a recess,” Carol said glancing at Steve. “To test the device and ensure it works.”
Carol thanked her, and glanced back at Steve. Her expression was troubled, but her voice unwavering. “Barnes. Do you have a defence?”
“She was working as a guard at the river docks. I- I wanted to surprise her and take her to dinner, so I’d brought her flowers, and-” she blushed. “She was excited. Said she knew just the place, and that she would meet with the other guards to hand over her shift on the way there. We’d started walking together, but she heard a yell coming from one of the ships, and-” She ground to a halt. Looked down at her feet. Took a deep, slow breath. “She told me to stay where I was. Said she was the guard, and she had to make sure everything was okay. She went up into that ship, and I heard her yell, and I heard a fight. She had told me to leave, but I didn’t. I... I stayed, and I tried to find something to use as a weapon, but then the fighting stopped.
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
It was a week and a half before the troops Marvel sent to fend them off were slaughtered, nothing but an empty field of fly-ridden corpses left behind.
Tony’s funeral was meant to be private, hidden in the garden of the Stark estate, but half the city turned out anyway - those that weren’t grieving, or busy attending to funerals of others. Those that did come carried flowers and condolences and sworn promises to continue his legacy. The storm didn’t stop them. They stood, grim, watching as the casket was lowered into the ground beneath an ancient sycamore tree as the rain sluiced down around them.
But the submission date was tomorrow, and he needed a final project, and nothing else he’d been working on had whatever it was that hid in the way Tony slouched, so relaxed and comfortable, in an environment that didn’t seem to match him at all.
The blanket rustled behind him, and he was momentarily distracted by Tony’s reflection in the thick window glass. The engineer was sprawled across the lounge, tangled in blankets and the shirt Steve hadn’t managed to remove during the night, a picture of ease and contentment. He felt a sudden urge to take up his old pencils and draw him, and studied the shape of him a little - the curl of his hair, the graceful curve of his spine, the faint smile on the edge of his mouth. He turned to find Tony wrapped within it, a picture of contentment against the lounge’s green brocade.
“He doesn’t.”
Faintly Tony heard his name tear through the roar of magic in his ears, and he glanced up to meet Steve’s eyes. The King was stumbling toward him, half running and half tripping along the prone bodies of Chitauri that littered the battlefield between them. Steve reached toward him as he stumbled again.
“I hid. I was too scared to do anything, just stayed behind the ship and watched him disappear into the night, and then I went onto the ship, and found bodies. Found her. She’d been trying to protect some kid, I think. The heir to a foreign noble’s home. The Winter Soldier had run her through. I… I tried to save her. I did everything I could think of to bring her back, but she was already gone.”
If he threw himself in the deep end, he could forget.
that Anthony didn’t know what to do with.
The man’s eyes opened. They were desperately sad, and scared, and there was a shadow of something else there that Anthony didn’t recognise. He sighed, and nodded, and promised he would find something, and when he left the world around Anthony became dimmer.
This was Tony’s last gift to him, and he’d never learned to use it. Even in the battle it hadn’t worked as intended - every time he threw it it had skittered off across the battlefield, just waiting for someone - for T
“And what’s to prevent it happening again!?” the angry man from the audience yelled. “They could just control him again!”
“There have been four more since you were gone,” Jane said, suddenly remembering that
By the time he opened his eyes he could feel it - his
“It’s not for the battle. It’s for Barnes.”
She nodded, cautiously, and stood a little straighter.
Usually the mornings were a dead shift at the start; the rush typically started at around 6:30, so the earliest parts of the morning were lovely and Steve had barely enough time to
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
The man swallowed thickly and let his head fall back against the wall with a thud; let the phone fall limply from his hands. His eyes were no longer clenched tight, but they looked tired and dark and sad, and Anthony wanted to run his thumbs over those eyelids and kiss away the bruises below them.
Steve didn’t know what to say, so he settled for a smile as he tried to turn the page without lifting his hand and revealing the study of Tony’s face he’d been working on; he looked up to see his subject watching his face, taking a slow sip from his cup, his eyes crinkled at the edges in a friendly, almost knowing smile.
Steve thought to himself.
“- up until the next one runs out too. Look, Jane, I trust you. I really do.” He paused, seeing the scepticism in her eyes, and let his head fall forward. “Barnes.”
It had been a while since he’d last asked her for access to the archives. It was a secured room hidden behind ancient locks and had a detailed list of each citizen with magic, their powers, and who they had killed to gain them. At least, it was
But Steve wasn’t foolish. An army as confident as Hydra’s was one to be feared, no matter its size.
Then the man’s face twisted, and he gasped, and the colour drained from his cheeks, and wide blue eyes fixed on Anthony’s as the man screamed his name -
She grinned at him, her frustration gone. “I know. So when did you get back?”
“Stop it, Bucky.”
Tony backed away a little, panting hard.
“You can’t leave, Tony,” the man said. “You know you can’t leave.”
You might think I know what I’m doing, but this fic is running away from me and I’m pretty sure I’m herding cats right now.
He remembered why he couldn’t touch anyone - that if he did, they would be flung back through time and space.
Steve nodded, feeling his gut twist.
It beeped, a moment later. Tony checked it. The number hand changed; 73.
Steve shrugged, suddenly embarrassed. “Yeah. I tried it, after you died. Every night, for a while. Trying to find something, some kind of message from you.”
look, he's alive!!!! everything will be fine :D
He felt emptiness consume him - more so, somehow, than before - and he finally comes to a decision; fighting the curse’s progress wasn’t worth it. It was never worth it, because
He knew that Marvel’s protectors were capable and strong. He knew that hundreds of civilians had volunteered to stay and protect their kingdom. He knew that all estimates of their and their enemy’s numbers promised an easy victory for Marvel, and that the refugees we was watching wind toward the city games would shortly return to their city-
Tony glowered and shifted back in his chair, the bandages that covered his chest shifting into view, the softly glowing sigils marked on them glittering in the firelight. “I shattered the core.”
Sure, he was king. He could dismiss the ruling of the courts and declare Bucky a free man if he so chose. But if he did that, the people would lose their faith in him - they certainly wouldn’t trust Bucky himself, and Steve’s entire plan hinged on Bucky’s name being cleared.
“That was dramatic.”
“Not guilty,” Bucky said, voice clear but devoid of all emotion. Steve almost sagged in relief.
on his lips, but Tony didn’t draw breath - didn’t move at all.
Fury moved closer to the table from his previous position by the door. “Sire, we need as many fighters as we can. It’s not too late to stop the evacuation-”
“TONY!”
his own magic back into him.
“Hasn’t Steve been here to visit?”
The page she flipped to held a detailed picture resembling the same creature that had attacked Peter Parker. Tony pulled the book closer and frowned at it.
Tony cleared his throat. “Okay.”
Tony was gone. His magic was gone. Clint would never hear someone say his name clearly again.
Steve leaned back in his chair, letting Tony’s voice wash over him as he stared out the window, distracted by the stragglers behind the major group of refugees.
Tony leaned forward, eyes running over the other small sketches on the page with a critical eye. “You’re good. You’re gonna go far.”
There were far too many of them. Marvel had already been outnumbered. Soldiers were falling like flies to groups of the enemy that operated as one.
If Bucky noticed the tears building in Steve’s eyes, he didn’t say anything. “And over there, right above the clouds. It says ‘I love you. With all of my magical ass.’”
Steve took a deep breath and hung his head. His instinct was to rage, to meet Tony’s stubbornness with his own, but he was trying to be a good king. He switched tactics. “Tony, please. You’re more valuable here, inside the city. If something goes wrong, if one of our defences stops working, we need you here. To fix it.”
Bucky drew his shaking hand to his chest, eyes wide. For the first time in years he felt the absence of magical sickness. He knew immediately that most of his magic was gone. He stared at the engineer. “How…? Why!?”
, anyway.
(See the end of the chapter for
That night was quiet. Many soldiers slept, tired from their training and the exhaustion of dread, but Steve couldn’t. He stood on the battlements and stared across the fields, heart beating far too loud in his ears.
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
“He hates me.”
“’I wanted to protect you, more than anything else in the world’. Clear as day, right there, next to the moon.”
The engineer looked tired and oddly resigned, and Bucky reached through the bars to gently take his hand. Tony grimaced and squeezed it back. “I flew for a few seconds,” Tony continued, fiddling with the device in his other hand. “Just before you fell. I’ve tried to do it again since, but-” he shook his head, his mouth turning downward. “I couldn’t balance it, couldn’t sustain it. I guess I finally found something that I’m not powerful enough to do.
Heads up, btw. Lots of emotions ahead.
He left the next night, staggering into the forest alone when he thought Strange wasn’t looking. There was no point staying any longer, he told himself. He was healing quickly, and stronger than ever. He could barely walk straight, but Strange was right: Marvel needed him.
Steve’s throat hurt when he talked, so he trailed off into a whisper when he asked Tony for just one more hint.
Steve watched him, faintly entranced. He could only see the edge of the guy’s face, framed in the early morning grey outside the window, and there was something about the way he’d draped himself over the table and chair that was fascinating. It was so much more expressive than any of the other customers, almost something like the exaggerated poses of the models in his life drawing class.
“I am APPALLED,” Tony said, rising from his chair. “Appalled and shocked and dismayed at this betrayal-”
It was convenient, really, that there were a few of their latest opponents holed up in the top floor of a nearby skyscraper. He didn’t bother waiting for backup. He didn’t
He stepped back, humming in satisfaction. He raised his arms, letting power ripple across his skin and arc against the sigils he’d etched into the hardwood floors. He spoke, the spell falling easily from his lips with the care and practice he’d poured into it over the past few days, his voice rising to compete with the deafening crackle of magic that filled the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
She ducked away from his shoulders, marching toward the door, gritting her teeth. “Fuck you,” she hissed out, venom dripping from every pore.
Tony always used to take him flying.
“I told you that Obie gave them some blueprints, sure, but I don’t know what fucking blueprints were
“You say that, but I can’t help feeling like you’re using me for my keys.” She pulled a lanyard from under her shirt as she rose and shuffled past Tony. He followed, flashing a brilliant smile at her half-hearted glare.
Carol looked up at him and nodded, and Steve coughed. “Order,” he called. His voice didn’t even waver. He tried to feel proud.
He didn’t know why he hadn’t done it already.
The perfect clarity would have been glaringly obvious, a welcome relief from the muffled echoes he had quickly become accustomed to since Tony had died and his magic had faded. Perhaps he would have investigated. He might have taken them to Bruce, who would have been puzzled and alarmed, and eventually suspicious. The doctor may have spread the word to Tony’s loved ones, and whispers of Tony’s possible survival would have rustled through the streets like autumn leaves in the wind. Perhaps they would have exhumed his grave to discover it was empty, with detectible traces of magic heavy in the silk lining. Maybe they would have noticed that Jarvis, the only person who tended to the body after his master died, was slightly less grief stricken than one would typically expect. Maybe they would have remembered the haste with which Strange had left the city immediately before the funeral.
The cheeky grin was followed by a wink, and Steve blushed heavier than before. “I would, I would love to-“ he said, and realised a moment later that he was telling the truth - he really would love to. “But I’m on shift for the rest of the morning…”
But it was above him, just out of his reach.
One day Tony slumped forward over the bar counter, head pillowed on his folded arms, feet twisted in the legs of the stool he was sitting on.
“… No.”
“He’s so goddamn condescending and no matter what I do he refuses to take
“Did you see his face?” Carol asked.
“What’s going to hurt?”
For those who skipped the torture scenes: Tony's trapped in Obie's basement, with anti-magic bindings. Obie threatens to hurt Tony's loved ones; Tony bites him, and manages to break the spell holding the Soldier hostage without Obie noticing. It doesn't seem to have changed anything.
Distantly, he wondered why Steve never managed to leave a message in the past for the team to find.
The grin he flashed wasn’t the most confident, but Bruce could see the effort he was putting into it.
His eyes landed on the inactive portal, and he immediately knew what he had to do.
say he liked it,” Bruce told him. “Don’t be too mortified.”
Tony didn’t move, cradled as he was in Steve’s arms, and Steve felt himself shatter, the pieces resting just as broken as the magical shards that surrounded them.
The sky above was overcast, but he could still see patches of blue through it. He latched onto that, stared desperately up at the sky, even as he felt his heart collapsing. For the second time, he’d lost everything. He let himself go numb, even as he sat up to press his hands to his eyes and block out the world a little longer. Then he looked up, wiped a tear of frustration away, and saw the relic on the altar only a few feet in front of him.
“Oh, no.”
“What?”
have been one of the weapons, because there is no way in hell Hydra is interested in anything that
Steve hummed in response. “I keep telling myself that, but it just won’t sink in.”
A man with golden horns, a fight in the sky, flying and falling, blue eyes reaching him too late, far too late, but just in time. For one last promise.
“… Barnes?”
He ran down the stairs and sprinted across toward the dungeons. He had planned on channelling Bucky’s extra magic into a stone, into a new reactor core, but now he didn’t have any time. He crashed into the workshop, found the device he was looking for, and ran toward the dungeons.
“What are you doing!?”
“He didn’t have more time, Steve. He couldn’t have had more than an hour or two left.”
out of Tony Stark, but the incredible mind that powered it. He remembered Steve reaching for his face, stopping just before his hands brushed stone, confessing to Tony how desperately he needed him back and whole and human.
“You’re
He was dragging himself toward the portal before he even realised why.
He threw Steve’s shield back to its owner and cut toward the portal, scanning the controls. They had clearly modified the damn thing, but the core of it was still there, and his hands flew across the controls as he tweaked them.
defend the prince, nobody that wasn’t tied up in official state business and therefore ineligible to represent an alleged enemy of the state. The system couldn’t change to suit one defendant, even if it meant all of Bucky’s closest allies were forced to act as his prosecutors.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I am in no way going to claim that the Winter Soldier did not exist,” he began. “The Soldier was a terror upon all Hydra’s enemies, and has been for the past five years. But I do have some evidence, I hope, that James Buchanan Barnes was not, himself, responsible.
He sighed in frustration and pulled one of his hearing devices out of his ear. Stark had called them Hearing Aids; he’d built them himself, discovered entirely new concepts about physics and engineering just to ensure that Clint was able to hear properly. He’d gone from being able to hear only vowels, and only at a high volume, to suddenly having consonants crisp and audible and incredibly clear.
8k words long, and if it weren't for uni and work knocking me off my feet, this chapter would have been written muuuch faster.
So he said nothing.
Steve concentrated on his face, that day. He finally managed to nail the exact shape of Tony’s lips, and the exact way his eyelashes curled against his cheek.
Peggy took her seat, and the room fell silent. Steve let the news settle before he finally broke the quiet. “Have we any new word from Asgard?”
“The last time you used that, it was to check that a new recruit was being honest about his kill count.” That wasn’t true - Tony had last used it in a half-drunk haze to remind himself of the debt he owed - but Bruce didn’t need to know that. “I’m not sure how that’s going to help us defend Marvel.”
“We have the finest soldiers and magic users at our disposal. No matter what Hydra has…”
He swallowed down his nausea and crushed the rising urge to scream with the pain that burned its way through his limbs.
“I promise.” Tony said. The man left.
“Your night.” Clint grinned. His feet kicked idly against the wall he was sitting on. “With Stark.”
Steve waved him off, already writing on the cup with a flourish. The amused exasperation on Tony’s face when he read “Tonie” across the side of his cup shouldn’t have been as adorable as it was.
Tony’s nose scrunched up when Steve gently prodded him awake; his face slipped into a frown of annoyance before Steve slipped a freshly made cup into his hand. “On the house,” Steve told him. “Since you’re so tired today.”
It was refreshing, being above the city again; he was distracted, as he fought, by the view below. He could have sworn he heard the distant whine of Tony’s repulsors echoed in the roar of the wind and battle below. He was sure he saw glints of red and gold flash on the very edges of his vision, and found himself turning every time. He was too close to the edge, but he didn’t care. He could breathe again, with the city laid out below, as he hammered the shield into the skill of another alien and turned to face the next. He could hear Tony’s chuckle behind his ears - could hear Tony warning him to be careful, even as one of them swung at him with a blow more intended to throw him backward than actually hurt him on the way through.
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
Then he raised his hands, and
He folded the paper bag he’d been sketching on and tucked it carefully into his sketchbook. It was a good reference for later.
“I know, it’s-” he paused. That hadn’t sounded like sarcasm. “Good idea?”
Steve glanced across at him, unsure. Bruce bumped his shoulder affectionately. “Just switch back. Clint’s been bitching about the schedule change anyway.”
was nothing, he was worthless, he was a burden to everyone he loved, and perhaps it was time he gave in.
The man just looked tired and resigned. “I’m Steve,” the man said.
“Not necessarily. I can affirm that, up until very recently, he has been under an extremely powerful controlling spell. I would argue that Barnes and the Winter Soldier are two entirely separate entities that happened to temporarily share a body. I do not doubt that your witnesses have true stories to tell - but I would argue that a more useful line of enquiry would be to examine Barnes to see if he does, in fact, have the amount of magic we would expect from the Winter Soldier.”
Then the portal flickered to life, and thousands of Chitauri appeared on the other side, framed by a setting sun behind them as they flooded through to Marvel’s early dawn.
This is a big, angsty mess of a chapter involving battle. Check the end notes for specific content warnings.
It was good to know who was lying to the state about their magical gifts.
Then they approached the castle, and Steve finally saw the cause of the commotion. He dropped Tony’s hand without a backward glance, already shoving through the surprised guards around the gate as Tony’s daydream shattered around him.
Steve jumped, surprised out of his anxious thoughts. Clint definitely hadn’t been there when Steve had taken up his traditional thinking spot on the steps leading out to the kitchen gardens. “How was what?”
He swallowed, with difficulty, and gestured at the data she had strewn across his desk. “I can’t accept this. This is all… this doesn’t make any sense. Your data is clearly wrong. But that’s okay,” he said, shooting her a saccharine sweet smile. “We all make mistakes when we start out.”
Bucky’s voice was twisted and thin, coloured with shock. Tony laid a hand over his eyes and blindly aimed the little device at the man in the cell.
Clint had been keeping a careful eye on the Stark estate.
Steve barely looked up from stacking a newly washed cup against the draining board. “What a surprise,” he said, sarcasm lining his voice. “Considering all our customers are women.”
“No. Nope. I’m tired.”
The angel didn’t know how long he had been in this place. He knew his name - Anthony - and he knew his mind was fast, and that it was somehow filled with knowledge he had no memory of gaining, but the Beginning was something he couldn’t recall.
It was an all-consuming pain, so much more than just Tony’s remaining life flowing into him, eventually fading away into nothing more than a faint tingle in his fingertips. “Take it back,” he whispered, pulling Tony - Tony’s
“I’ll stick Clint on mornings,” she said, casual. “He’ll hate it. Teach him not to deliberately mis-spell peoples’ names.”
“No, look, I have a
(See the end of the chapter for
She shrugged, amused. “You’ve been trying to get rid of Hammer for years; I feel like my job is safe. So, is there any other reason you’re here, or are you just taking up my valuable sleeping time? Because let me tell you, if you’re about to ask me to take you down to the archives room I’m gonna be
“It’s just- I thought he was Clint, and I figured it would be safer if a couple other people know how to switch it off, just in case.”
Six hours since Steve’s world skidded to a stop; six hours since it’d galloped ahead again, dragging him with it, dragging him further from his lover with every second that passed.
Only then did he let the darkness take him.
Tony stopped wriggling. A moment later he pressed a kiss into the junction between Steve’s jaw and neck and nuzzled closer.
Silence. Steve glanced helplessly at Fury, who stared impassively back at him from the prosecution stand. Steve understood, of course - there was nobody who
My tumblr is
“It’s a well accepted fact that magic passes from the deceased to the person responsible for their death. The more people a person has killed, the more powerful their skills. We track kill counts for this reason - it’s deeply suspicious for someone to have magic they cannot otherwise explain.”
“Not a word,” she whispered, frowning a little. He pulled another box from the shelf and started leafing through that too.
So Steve let himself take the hit; let himself be knocked over the low concrete wall; let himself fall, freely, the way he’d been aching to do since Tony had done the same.He could breathe, even as the breath was knocked out of him. He felt peace, suddenly, in that moment of free-fall, something he hadn’t felt for months.
, the shadow of what was rapidly being consumed alive by the magic he could now feel running through his veins.
Steve shook his head.
Steve nodded, expression grim. “Call a council,” he told the nearest guard, pulling her arm over his own shoulders. “Tell all the others. Get them prepared to plan for war tonight. Peggy, let’s get you inside-”
, he thought. “And aid?”
Bucky snapped to awareness the moment the dungeon door clicked shut, and within moments he had taken stock of what little he had on him. There weren’t really any useful weapons around him, nothing beside his own body and the clothes he was wearing. He could probably use his boot laces as a garrotte, he mused, if he managed to get them off in time.
They wouldn’t find the relic. Tony couldn’t even remember exactly what it was. He knew he knew before - he was thinking of it when he finally gave into reckless temptation, some strange glitch in the curse that was meant to conceal knowledge of it from him finally revealing it to him in that moment of distraction - but now it was gone from his mind again.
“Don’t worry.” Tony gave him a small smile, vaguely apologetic. “It won’t hurt you.”
Death was messy.
- pressed into his hand. “That a surprise?”
The next day, Tony arranged himself along an entire booth, arm draped dramatically over his eyes to shield them from the early morning rays. Steve noticed the rock-band shirt he was wearing under his suit jacket had ridden up a little, revealing a little skin above the guy’s waistband.
Bruce couldn’t help but smile a little. “He hasn’t got a name.”
“Three years ago, on the fourth of August, I went to meet my wife after her last shift.
He looked up in time to see Tony sink down in front of the cell door with a grunt. The engineer shrugged, studying something in his lap with a half-hearted smile on his face. “Seems I’ve been allowed in. Why, you don’t want a visitor?”
This'll be done by Christmas. I swear. It definitely will. I'm determined.
It lost time again.
She shook her head. “We tried. We couldn’t… We don’t know. We couldn’t get close enough.”
Carol hummed and nodded, stepping down from the dias. “Barnes. Are you ready?”
It was a quiet murmur breathed gently into Steve’s ear, but it was enough to rouse him. He smiled and turned his head toward brown curls to kiss the forehead he found there. “They can wait.”
“Any excuse to be around his majesty?”
“Nothing. Nothing. But it’s like Barnes, right? Sometimes people might seem suspicious when they’re actually the good guy.”
No response.
Strange turned to survey the room.
For a moment Steve imagined a brush of stone lips against his, and he sighed, leaned into the kiss, automatically releasing himself to it in a moment of weakness.
“- So it was, then,” she said, glee slipping into her voice. “A sordid,
“This guy came in the other day,” Bruce said on Steve’s first day back, leaning his elbows against the counter and pushing his glasses up his nose.
“... I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
It was peaceful here, quiet. He liked it, though something itched, between his shoulder blades, on the back of his neck, in the knuckles of his stone fingers; something was missing, he knew it, but he didn’t understand what, or how.
For several heart-stopping moments, Tony couldn’t spot Steve.
It was a painting of Tony, similar to the day they’d first met; a man in a crisp, hyper-modern, bespoke business suit, the top few buttons undone on his shirt and tie loosened; a stark contrast to the old fashioned decor that littered the place. He was smiling down at a book in his hands, his hair tousled, looking modern and handsome but also peaceful and soft.
Steve squeezed his eyes shut, knuckles white on the edge of the shield, and concentrated on breathing through his nose.
Steve stared at him. “Who’s taking pictures of you?”
, any more, if he needed it. He had a single-minded determination to distract himself for a few moments more, to so thoroughly engross himself in battle that he couldn’t see Tony’s smile in the corner of his vision, that he wouldn’t hear his
In the middle of the circle, Tony
the store before he looked up to find warm brown eyes watching him from across the counter, a slight smirk crinkling them at the edges, and Steve had to clear his throat before taking his order, because
Hammer’s mouth twisted as he sat, like a petulant child.
up this early.”
It wasn’t until he banked hard toward the portal that he spotted the familiar red, white and blue armour. The king had made it to the rock platform upon which the portal’s machine stood, and was clearly trying to shut the damn thing off before he was discovered. It was a harebrained scheme, a suicide mission, and Tony swore to himself as he put on another burst of speed just as the portal flickered and disappeared.
Then the storm moved closer, and it was gone.
Still. It was possible. Strange narrowed his eyes, considering his course of action. He could lie, try to placate the engineer - but something told him that was only going to end badly.
He sat atop the castle walls, watching as the King stole quietly down toward the gate and was allowed in by Stark’s butler. Clint would have followed him, but he reasoned that even royalty were entitled to privacy now and then.
Tony couldn’t hold the armour up anymore.
“What?”
“And now, they’re out there fighting - on the other side of the walls, outside the city, close enough for us to hear and see but nowhere near close enough to help. If I could just fly…”
He itched to draw Tony, but he pushed the urge away.
“No, you-”
Bruce frowned. “Why would you want to know his kill count?”
?” Bucky hissed, launching to his feet. He pulled at the bars, teeth clenched in wild frustration. “WHAT DID YOU DO!?”
CW: someone herein is killed by a stab wound inflicted by someone they love. There are two explosions detailed, both with significant casualties. If either of these is particularly upsetting a brief summary can be found
“I will have you know that many a stroke of inspiration has led me to be awake at just such a time-”
Steve glanced down at the card and swallowed. He’d made the last entry himself, on that day after Bucky had fallen. He’d been gently told that it wasn’t necessary, that if Barnes was not there to update it himself then they probably didn’t need to know, but he’d been dogmatic and filled out the forms anyway.
The room held its breath as the odd little machine whirred to life in Bruce’s hand and eventually issued a single beep. Bruce turned the display so the Captain could see its reading.
“I thought you were meant to be a morning person.”
Then the next. And then the next.
Tony stared at him, not responding. Steve looked away. “If everything goes to hell, we need you here as our line of defence. Promise me.”
But then Tony explodes back into life from within the cloud, an instantaneous eruption of movement and energy and soft, human skin.
He got an A+. He was too embarrassed to show it to his friends.
, let alone cared about him. The stone angel had a perpetual frown of confusion etched between his brows. Telling him he loved him would only confuse him more.
“… It’s all real, Steve. I heard him say it - he just didn’t know I was there. He loved you so much that, when he asked Strange for three favours, one of them was expressly to protect you. Do you think he would want you to be living in guilt?”
Steve was surprised to see Clint at work on his first morning shift back. It was even more startling that somehow he’d managed to beat Steve; the guy was famously known for sleeping well into the afternoon on his days off. He was sitting on the front step, glaring at nothing, nursing his first freshly made cup of coffee for the day.
Also: HAPPY NEW YEAR. It just ticked over an hour and 36 minutes ago where I am. I hope 2019 treats you all well. Come say hello on
Faint whispers from the crowd rose as Carol waved Jane forward. She glanced at the card, and then passed it on to Steve. “Is this correct?”
Barton, I have your arrows in the workshop - I have a device I’m calling a Comms Unit…”
Warning: torture scenes ahead. If that's a problem for you, skip the italic scenes!
, as though a hook buried in his heart had been wrenched forward. He tried to pull his arm away, but Tony’s grip was too tight, his eyes locked on the device. Bucky swayed, trying to pull his hand free, wild and confused and
a solid group of soldiers, an entire collection of Asgardian troops gone for good.
Either way, couldn’t sleep without burying his nose in Tony’s pillow, trying to commit the last lingering traces of his scent to memory, staring at a piece of technology he would never understand, where it’d been casually discarded so long ago.
The target range was tidy, but it seemed almost untouched since the last time Steve had been here. The birds had taken up singing again. A light breeze rippled through the trees, shaking loose a few early orange leaves that drifted gently to the ground. He planted himself, remembering what Bruce had said about the shield, about how he was meant to focus his magic through it as much as possible. He didn’t think about how useless it had seemed last time. He just focused everything into it, breathing steady, eyeing the closest target with rising determination.
“I killed him, Buck.”
Steve moved to steady her, but she stubbornly pushed him away. “Steve,” she said, gripping his shoulders. “Listen to me. They’re coming. Hydra. The army is - it’s still tiny, but it’s moving, and it’s transporting something.”
He carefully picked up the stone with a pair of heavily warded tongs and carried it to the magic circle on the other side of the room. In the soft, flickering candlelight he lowered the stone into its new home, the safest place Strange could think of, and snapped the specially made casing closed.
“That sounds like him.”
Tony’s breath stuttered, then stopped. Steve shook his shoulders, slightly, feeling the panic rising, but completely at a loss as to what he should do. There had been field first aid training at some point, but he couldn’t remember what the steps were - something about checking airways, checking breathing, CPR-
“You? Dramatic?” Bucky chuckled. “Never.”
Bruce had told him, shoulders slumped in defeat.
Maybe they would have connected the dots.
Bucky watched him for a moment, trying to assess the situation through the haze of half-sleep and heightened instincts left over from the Winter Soldier. Tony met his eyes, his smile falling back into the familiar fake smile. “I’ve always wanted to fly, you know.”
Hammer wasn’t evacuating, though, and he seemed oddly
“But I- You should be furious.”
For a while, Tony could almost trick himself into thinking this was possible, that the two of them could keep this precious thing they had between them and foster it into something more. He’d never had the chance to simply walk with a lover before; his previous ‘relationships’ had mostly consisted of midnight trysts into opulent bedrooms, not early morning dawdles together in the street. This was something different, something that filled his heart with warmth-
“I was right about you!” Steve yelled, and Tony stepped back in alarm. There was something in Steve’s eyes that he didn’t recognise, a blinding fury that he’d only glimpsed when Bucky had died. “Traitor!”
Steve chuckled, ruffling his friend’s hair as he passed, ignoring the indignant yelp he got in return. The cafe was clean and tidy, the chairs already taken down from the tables. He busied himself with pulling out the pre-made pastries, putting the croissants in to bake, and started up the coffee machine.
“No, well, I mean, yes, I am-”
Tony blinked, and groaned, and then his eyes opened, and Steve was lost in relief - until Tony coughed, and Steve noticed the blood coating his teeth. The engineer said something - Steve could see his lips forming the words - but his voice was completely lost in the cacophonous ringing in Steve’s ears.
She closed the book, sliding it back onto the desk. “It does. We need to warn the guards, the King-”
Fun fact: I've had that conversation between Tony and Strange written since before I posted the prologue. If it weren't for the fact that this chapter is
He choked on a flash of pain.
really
Tony’s eyes shone a richer brown than usual in the first rays of the sun that arched their way through the cafe window. Steve took his order with a smile, and while Tony flipped through his wallet for cash he subtly used the time to study the man’s face as closely as he could.
Strange paced slowly around the circle, but Steve could only stare at the stone statue sitting perfectly still in the middle, slouched on the chapel’s front steps.
, if you wanna hunt me down.
“True, and they probably
He needed the tesseract. He needed to place it by the giant creature’s side and destroy it, force an explosion as large as the one he’d triggered five years ago, a blast of magic so strong and so potent that even a giant lumbering beast of a brain couldn’t possibly survive.
And he remembered the curse. The first few victims; the moment they realised Loki was trying to copy a monster from a British TV show; remembered his search for the relic Strange had described that seemed capable of reversing the spell. Remembered diving in front of Steve to save him, taking the flash of light and the lethal blow, remembered crashing hard and almost bleeding out even before the spell could turn his flesh to stone.
The warm body beside him shifted and a small chuckle ghosted across his neck. Steve wrapped his arms tighter, his fingers clutching tight to the soft shirt of his lover - of his
Faintly, Tony remembered. There was something trapped in the ever growing stone tomb of his mind that was screaming, rebelling, trying so hard to break the walls down, but failing. He couldn’t touch Steve. There was a reason. He couldn’t touch Steve, because something very bad would happen.
A groan. “Whyyyy.”
“I’ll be fine,” Tony snapped back. He pulled his hand from Steve’s and stuffed it into his pocket. “I can hold my own.”
Tony froze, suddenly overwhelmed by guilt, by horror, that he didn’t consider this as an option. All his plans, all his defences, had relied on a tiny army that should have been easily overwhelmed. By a single weapon that would need to be taken out, not thousands upon thousands of troops.
“He hadn’t reached 100% blood toxicity yet. The arc reactor wasn’t full. If I hadn’t killed him, he might have had more time-”
Tony closed his eyes and brought the shield down again with all the strength he had left.
I wrote the first bit without ever planning on continuing it, hence the plot holes several miles wide.
“Steve, hold on-” he tried to dart around him, but the king latched an arm around the armour and threw him backward.
Strange studied him, puzzled. He’d expected gratitude. Joy, even. Relief at having made it through certain death. This bizarre rage and fear that had apparently taken over the engineer was completely unexpected and frankly unnerving. If Strange didn’t have complete confidence in his own abilities he could almost believe he might have gotten something wrong during the ritual.
And he remembered a place. A map. He remembered pictures of an object, one that he knew was important, but he lacked the words to describe it.
The guy looked amused, if anything. He rattled off an order that made Steve’s eyes water in sympathy for the man’s tastebuds, and Steve took it, and paused.
“You’re reopening it!?”
Jane looked up, but Tony was staring out the window at the morning sunshine. “A hive mind,” she agreed.
He glanced up from rifling through one of the shelves, an arm already cradling three half finished devices - weapons he had been working on when he was kidnapped. He handed them off to Bruce, vaguely aware that the man was quiet and pale. He climbed the next rung of the ladder and surveyed the mess on the next shelf with derision. “Have you seen the prototype for Clint’s hearing aids? I have an idea.”
Numbly, Tony wondered where he would be now -
“It can’t be too late,” Clint said, and Tony registers a flicker of anger and fear in his eyes before he pulls it back behind his mask. Bruce put a bracing hand on Clint’s shoulder and squeezed, staring down at the floor. “Strange can’t be wrong. Right? We were meant to have a couple more days!”
And he stood, and walked out, so he didn’t have to see Tony cry.
The odd thing is that Anthony could remember something; a wayward memory of a bright room with machines that made smoothies and a talking voice and axle grease on human hands that vaguely resembled his own. He remembered searching for information, and he remembered a moment of discovery and triumph, and he remembered an alarm and a rush to take to the skies.
“I’m-” his head spun, and he swayed on his knees. Steve paced back to him, and it struck Tony that Steve was holding back; that he was reluctant, even now, to inflict a final blow. The king hesitated before him, blue eyes studying the faceplate, trying to see through it. Trying to understand.
Strange rubbed his temples and sighed, finally losing his patience. All that effort he’d gone to. All the time and magic he had spent - all unwanted. “Fine,” he snapped. “Stay dead. Be someone else. Be a ghost. I don’t care. I’ve done my part.”
He stared at it, numb.
“I-” Steve started, confused. “Well, yes-”
“What did you
It didn’t work.
The man’s face fell into despair for a moment. Then the man gathered himself again, opened his eyes, and started to pace back to the room. “Come back to the chapel, Tony,” he said, and he turned to walk back to the little room on the hill.
(See the end of the chapter for
She scowled at him and pulled her notes back to her chest. “I’m not wrong. They’re a hive mind, I’m telling you-”
Something told him he had a home, somewhere else, somewhere very tall, but that made no sense; he could remember nothing before this place, this moment. He left the room, and found a field filled with strange stones that bore the names of strangers, and a forest of buildings on the horizon silhouetted by the early morning sun.
When Steve woke up, the world was grey.
“What have you done?”
He looked up. Tony hadn’t moved an inch. Tony inwardly wondered why - Steve’s eyes hadn’t been on him, but somehow moving had still felt utterly impossible.
There was something so joyful about leaving the house together, of running through the early morning streets with fingers entwined. Steve kept his hood up, of course, but that wasn’t unheard of on cold, slightly drizzly mornings; nobody looked twice at the man who kept his head down, whispering things into the inventor’s ear whenever they had to pause a moment for someone else to pass.
He was working on a new piece, but it still lacked something.
By the time the rush had ended, Tony was gone.
, looking at him, amusement dancing in warm brown eyes. “Do you mind?”
- Steve swallowed, hard, and rose to his feet.
Anthony said nothing. If he had a heart, if such a blessing was granted to him, he knew it would be racing. With fear, with happiness, with all the emotions he knew Humans had but could not recall ever having himself.
He remembered fighting, remembered being overwhelmed and thinking Marvel was doomed but refusing to sink into despair. He remembered fighting his way to the giant portal that the enemy had set up, remembered how he managed to shut the thing down, and then…
She could lose one page, she told herself, panting slightly in barely suppressed fury. She rearranged the stack of paper in her arms and marched back in the general direction of her tower. She would get the message to the castle herself, tonight, when she’d had a chance to sleep. She was just wondering how she was meant to get an audience with anybody of importance now that Stark was missing when she turned the last corner to her office door and ran directly into the man himself.
that it would be close enough. He eyed the tesseract where it sat in its holdings with unease. He would have mere seconds between removing it from its holding and the portal collapsing. He’d have to be fast.
“Yes,” he said. “These are accurate.”
“You’ve had a replacement all this time?”
way the sun slanted across his subject’s face.
He glanced up at Jane and flashed a brittle smile. “You’re a true hero, Jane. Don’t ever let Hammer think otherwise.”
The gravelly scrape of stone again, a shadow of a human voice. Steve’s face seemed older suddenly; haunted and scared.
He was back.
But Tony wasn’t there, because he was dead. He wasn't there to warn him, to save him, to love him.
Carol glanced at her notes. “Call your first.”
“His name was Tony, I think? He asked where you were. Is he a model? He said he was disappointed he couldn’t pose for your drawings that day.”
, Tony remembered. He’d read Jane’s notes thoroughly over the past few nights, trying to devise strategies and defences against such a foe.
He breathed heavily for a moment, grounding himself, before he realised he wasn’t alone.
“Take- take it back,” he begged, his other hand finding the inventor’s chest, and the terrifying hole in the centre of it. He pressed his other hand just below Tony’s collarbone and
“That’s. Okay. Fuck. That’s bad news. Shit. That’s really bad news. Um.” Tony stared at the things he was holding, almost puzzled to find they were there. He climbed down from the ladder and let them tumble haphazardly onto the workbench. “Okay.”
Anthony stared at the ground, at the place where the man - Steve? - had been sitting only moments before, and everything flooded back in. He was awake and aware and suddenly understood that he had been here for weeks, that Steve had visited him
“You mean big, green and hulk-y? He’s caused by radiation? Cool. I liked him. You should have introduced us earlier. What’s his name?”
Tony had a sense of style that fascinated him; suit jackets, loud sunglasses, carefully messy hair. When Steve handed him his coffee, their fingers touched, and Steve tried to suppress a blush with a tiny cough and a sudden interest in cleaning the coffee machine.
He would have to be careful then. Make sure nobody caught him unawares, when he was sleeping or too tired to keep the magical disguise running.
(See the end of the chapter for
with energy, and to see him literally still as a statue until Steve’s eyes turned away was already unnatural. The fact that Steve had even stopped hearing his movement when his eyes were closed was unnerving. Terrifying.
He’d killed the one person he was most desperate to protect.
. He gripped the edge of the machine and shoved it out of his way.
The man smiled, wide but sad, and nodded. His eyes were closed. “Tony.”
- one of the birds fluttered down and inspected him with one beady black eye. It hopped closer, then closer again, assessing whether Steve had any crumbs to discard. Its mate twittered in the tree above.
“Hey,” Bucky murmured, voice soft and uncertain. “Do you remember when we were kids, and we used to read messages in the stars?”
Steve blinked as he considered it. Not long ago he’d dreamed of abdicating, letting someone else take the throne and its heavy burden from his shoulders. He would have rejoined the guard, taken a simple wage. He and Tony would get married, in a small ceremony, and they would live together in Tony’s estate, slowly turning it into a real home. Every night, after his last shift, he would collect his husband from the workshop and escort him home, and they would tumble into bed together. They would watch wrinkles gradually appear at the corners of their eyes for every bit of laughter they shared.
The bell on the door jingled after him, and Steve crushed down the feeling of disappointment.
They had argued that morning. An hour of shouting, of tears and righteous anger, before Bucky finally agreed and told Steve to leave. They hadn’t fought in years, not since they were children. Steve stared at him, jaw tense, all too aware that Bucky could defy him now and there would be nothing Steve could do-
“Well he’s very good at Hulking. Let’s call him Hulk. I’ll whip up a nice name badge for him later.” Tony grinned, and clapped a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “Big, big fan of the way you can spontaneously erupt into a giant angry monster. A very useful skill to have. We’re gonna have to talk about how that happened at some stage. Right now, though-” the engineer skittered back to the nearest shelves and started digging through them again. “- Right now I need to create a communication system. How’s ‘Comms unit’ for a name, Brucie-bear? Be honest. I don’t actually care what you think, I think it’s brilliant, but I do like validation now and then.”
He was so glad he did.
“This changes things.”
Tony rubbed his eyes, suddenly exhausted. “That’s the fucking thing. I don’t… I don’t know.”
Steve laughed. “What, for leading me astray?”
Tony let her voice fade, concentrating instead on the book. The passage was brief; it described an alien race, from a far-away country, or perhaps hell or another dimension, that acted as a hybrid of biology and machine. Creatures that weren’t particularly powerful on their own, but in swarms could deal considerable damage.
That wasn’t why Clint was asking, and they both knew it, but Tony turned and left before Clint could say another word.
A man came to visit him, and Anthony’s fingers itched to stroke his face.
“Bruce. Brucie-bear. Keep a little context! Who was the one who got us into this mess in the first place? Who’s the person who discovered how to get it to work in the first place? Who created the blueprints of… of whatever it is they’re making? All you’ve done is told them how to make the damn tessaract itself stop working. That’s nothing!”
He could see a fence, and beyond it a row of machines. He itched to explore, but he didn’t.
A minute passed.
That wouldn’t happen, this time. Tony was gone. Iron Man was gone. He was never coming back.
“He’s not the king. Stepped down a few days ago. The night before your funeral.”
“Hey,” Tony said, a wide grin across his face. “Fancy seeing you here!”
Her smile turned sad, and Tony glanced away, embarrassed, pressing the heel of his palm against the thing in his chest. He hated when people pitied him. “I’m chasing a new lead,” she told him, softly. “Rhodey was going to follow up on some rumours of meteors, see if any of them could have brought down a new core. He was supposed to have left yesterday night. I’m assuming he’s been delayed, now.”
Hammer froze momentarily, before melting back into a smarmy smile. Steve was suddenly struck with the thought that Hammer seemed too relaxed, somehow. The man was always trying to present a front of confidence, of dominance, but he had nervous tells that Steve had gotten to know. Hammer was typically slightly anxious at these meetings, especially when battle was concerned.
So close. He’d been
“How.”
“Thing is, Stevie, Strange lied today. I kept the Winter Soldier’s magic when the spell was broken. The only reason my arm didn’t work was because Tony disconnected it before we returned.” He shrugged, looking away. “It was causing me pain.”
They only had a limited amount of time left.
Steve rubbed a hand across the back of his neck. “Maybe?”
He wasn’t sure it was working.
He tried again and missed. His hands were shaking too much to hold the shield steady. He adjusted his grip, struggling to breathe.
He hit down once, and the shield cracked the front casing. The magic held within it rippled but stayed.
there’s something there. Every book, every paper, mentions their odd behaviour-” She pulled a book from the pile that had mounted beside her desk. “Look, here. I was researching records of inter-dimensional disturbances to see if we might be able to find you a replacement core, and-”
“Yeah I am-“
Fury stood, face impassive. “We present five witnesses to the court.”
Tony felt tears spill over.
“I don’t follow.”
tiny chapter. real teeny one. just because i'm graduating tomorrow and i feel like i should give you all something to celebrate too.
, but Tony’s grip was too tight and too magical for Bucky to wrench his hand free.
He moved to activate the portal but was wrenched away.
Making calls was no harder than it’d always been. He could see the tactical decisions he needed to make before he’d even registered that he needed to make them, and he led the team with the same brutal efficiency as he always had. The team had slipped seamlessly into their work like nothing had ever happened. They still got the job done. They still saved the day.
It was a lie, and he
He stood back to regard it, head tilted to the side. The solution wasn’t immediately obvious, so he took it from his easel and propped it against his door in the hallway, pacing backwards to look at it again.
Anthony didn’t know what sleep was.
So it was possible, then. The books were true.
Looks like Tony's not the only one keeping secrets from the king.
Strange’s smile slipped. “I replaced it.”
“Tony…”
When he next looked up he was startled to see that his apparent muse had adopted an even more ridiculous pose to the one the day before; he was slumped over the table, chin resting on a folded arm, legs stretched out straight below the table, frowning with narrowed eyes at the phone in his other hand.
“Yep. We’ll tell our little Strike Force 1 as soon as possible. Good to have backups, right?”
“Don’t,” Steve told him, but Tony’s eyes drifted shut.
Tony joined him, at some point, though Steve wasn’t entirely sure when.
Steve would have to clean it up, tidy it away, and it felt like he would be clearing away part of Tony’s memory too early. He’d only been dead for six hours.
He thought of Bucky in the dungeons and hoped he was doing the right thing.
Natasha eyed him suspiciously when he asked for a shift change, but he was a model employee who rarely asked for anything, so she granted it.
Finally Steve looked up, his eyes red and glassy. He stared in the direction Bucky was pointing, and for a moment, he could swear he could see it.Then he blinked, and in the mess of his tears it was gone.
[Nothing to do about it. Just gotta readjust.]
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky dropped the charade of sleep. “I was under the impression you were forbidden from visiting me.”
This all seemed more like a simple neighbourhood community than some kind of treasonous plot, but that didn’t make much sense.
If you're wondering why this chapter took so freaking long to finish, just know that prior to editing and killing my darlings this chapter was about 15k. Most of my other chapters are ~3-6k.
“Tony.”
about Ravenous; I needed a Hydra controlled city so I did a cheeky google and went from there. Please let me know if that's gonna backfire hilariously on me so I can work on making it
again, right in front of him. He presses a kiss to Tony’s forehead and grins when he feels Tony wriggle and laugh against him. He feels a desperate need to make Tony understand, so he mutters “I love you” again, and shakes his shoulders, concentrating on the miraculous puff of breathe he can feel against his neck.
Steve didn’t stand up to speak. He didn’t feel he deserved to toss a rose into the grave. He stayed in the back row, even after the others left, not feeling the rain as it set chills into his skin because he was numb enough already. He simply stood and stared at the hole in the ground where Tony’s body now lay.
The others were silent, none of them looking at each other. Clint shrugged off Bruce’s hand and turned away, hands tugging through his hair.
Clint nodded, seemingly satisfied, but something about his expression was off.
The guy looked at his watch, and got up with a sigh, the rest of his drink clutched in his hand.
“Just imagine what the guards must be thinking.”
Steve wanted to fall, too.
A handful of people shifted in the audience, and Steve’s eyes were drawn to a red-eyed boy in the back corner who looked vaguely familiar. One of the stable-hands, maybe. Steve wondered why he looked so miserable.
The room
Silence settled through the room.
“Wow, look, I’m flattered that you wanted to name him after me, I really am, but you could have let me know that I had the honour!”
“They show no sense of self-preservation,” Jane broke in, tapping a paragraph. He glanced up at her. “They synchronise their attacks. What kind of creature leaps directly into battle with no regard for defense? How are they all acting as one?”
“Good idea.”
He just hoped he wasn’t gambling the King’s life on a
Steve’s heart stopped. He moved without thinking, barely noticing the shards of glass-like crystal that littered the ground. They sliced through his clothing, buried themselves in his skin, but Steve couldn’t find it within himself to care.
“But sire-”
“I want to touch you, Tony,” Steve said. His eyes pinned Tony to the wall and Tony couldn’t decide if it was a blessing or a curse. “I wanted to, so badly. I never told you because…”
“A weapon?”
“Because I make such excellent company,” he chirped. “And you’re my favourite astrothaumaturge in this entire goddamn Academy.”
“Now you see,” Hammer told her, punctuated with a gigantic bite of his apple. “You shee, I can apprecia’ tha’ you have put a lot off effort into thish, I really can, it’sh real shweet, but this?”
Don't study Neuroscience, kidlets. It's not worth it.
“Get dressed. I think we may be needed at the castle.”
Steve sighed, rubbing the back of his neck. “Please, Bucky, don’t make fun of me.”
The guy was surprised. He was, after all, the only person in the cafe, and Steve’s eyes darted away so he could pretend to focus on writing the guy’s order on his cup, as though it was totally normal and necessary.
Tony tore his eyes away. It didn’t matter - he was dead anyway. He gasped another breath to suppress a sob and tried not to think of how Steve would probably publicly denounce him, how he would likely have him named an official traitor to the crown. He would move on, and find someone new - someone better, someone pure - and Tony would become nothing more than a mass murderer in everyone’s minds.
Until next time
- and shook his head. “No moving. Stay. Right here.”
,” Tony quipped. “You’re not exactly known for your reliability.”
He had analysed this place a thousand times, and he did it again now; a strange field, filled with stones that read names Tony could remember with infinite clarity but couldn’t tie to any specific memory. Clean iron gates, and a cracked concrete road beyond; strange, sleek things hurtling down the road, tantalisingly mysterious and so ready to be taken
He didn’t hear the bell jingle, because he’d started grinding a new blend, so when he turned back to the counter a few minutes later he almost dropped everything he was holding in surprise.
Tony’s hands latched onto his wrist, his fingers digging in, and Bucky felt a
Poor Steve.
Tony turned the book and slid it toward the engineer. Bruce had been expecting something useful - a shield, trebuchets, something along those lines - so he was puzzled at what he saw. “What is that?”
“You also have scary spy assassins who are willing to protect their fearless leader with the aid of
Clint’s grin was
“The record. I need to see… I need to see Barnes. James Barnes.”
He drew a breath and crashed their lips together, a sick parody of the passionate kisses they had shared only recently. He drew back, the taste of ash and
“It’s 5am,” Steve said, startled. “You’re not on for today.”
He saw a heap of ruined machinery that looked like the device that had been powering the portal, and everything came back to him. He couldn’t see Tony from this angle, couldn’t see a single sign of Iron Man either.
“Sure, Tony.” Bruce glanced up, in time to catch Tony’s triumphant grin. “Show me what you need from me.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony rasped. He could taste blood, could feel Steve’s shaking hands ghost over his chest, over the blood that ran down the front of his chest. “I’m so… I’m so sorry.”
Anthony had tried climbing over the fence, but hadn’t gotten very far. He knew he had to be careful, he knew that the eyes of humans were dangerous, he didn’t know exactly how they were, or why, but he knew to avoid them, and so the man who had appeared on the other side of the fence Anthony had been about to climb made him freeze.
Carol narrowed her eyes. “And how are we meant to test this?”
Steve’s elbows were perched on the tops of his knees. His hands ran through his hair, and he sat like that, head bowed, a tear quietly landing in his lap.
It started the way it always did - a pin prick of cold above his heart that spread like cracks through ice, the physical sensation almost mundane to him - but it exploded into an agony Steve had never felt before when he realised what it meant. Magic - the unspent life force of a person who died too early - was passed on to the person who killed them.
