“Fuck off, Lee,” Dean scoffed, brushing the comment aside even though it stung. The older boy did not, in fact, fuck off, instead taking a step in Dean’s direction, his face twisted in disgust. Adrenaline suddenly rushed through Dean and he could feel himself standing taller, bracing for the inevitable.
“Sure,” Dean agrees, easy, following Sam into the kitchen. He watches as Sam gropes around in the cabinets for two tall glasses, and accepts one brimming over with cold water from the tap. “Thanks, Sammy,” Dean says before taking a sip, careful to hold Cas away from the water spilling over the sides of the glass.
When they reached their bicycles and walked out to the front of the school, ready to go their separate ways, Dean hesitated for a minute before ducking down to kiss Aaron once more, just to see if somehow, that first one wasn’t a fluke.
“I’m just saying, Dean, I really– I really like Eileen, okay? We all agreed to do the meet-the-family thing, I just want to make sure you’ll
“Hey,” he says, voice brittle and cracking. “Uh, look. You’ve been gone a long time. And maybe I’m not – shit. I’ll. I’m gonna go get Sammy, he can explain–”
The blunt answer catches Dean by surprise, and while he’s busy flapping his jaw like a fish, Cas leans in closer. His eyes drop down to Dean’s mouth and back up, and Dean can feel a sudden flush creep up into his face.
“Shit,” Dean breathes, tension in his shoulders releasing as he sags back on his knees. “Shit, Cas, you scared the crap outta me.”
He’s about to just say fuck it and open the door when Castiel’s gruff voice comes from inside. “Go away, Dean,” he says, and Dean has to stomp on the lick of irritation that flares up.
A small part of Dean ached to tell Sam about this crucial piece of him, this very private, huge, terrifying thing Dean knew was inside him, alive and inquisitive. But the rest of Dean, the part that said
Castiel keeps waiting for the silence to turn awkward, for Dean to realize where he is and what they’ve done and then panic. He’s not so certain he’ll keep from panicking, himself. There’s no going backwards, from this. He’d thought telling Dean how he felt would change things, and it did – but not this dramatically. They can’t uncross this line. No matter what happens next, this will always exist between them.
Cupping Castiel’s face in his hands, Dean presses his forehead to Cas’ and drinks in his blue eyes from mere inches away. He closes his eyes for a minute and gives himself permission to feel what he knows is right as it settles over his body, over his heart like a shimmering latticework of light. What he’s known, really, since the moment he climbed out of his own grave all those years ago, and what has been reinforced every time he’s had to suffer through losing Castiel.
Dean grabs his jug of milk from the fridge and brings it over, leaning his hip against the counter when he puts it down. “C’mon, Sam. I’m not that big of a dick.” He pins the phone between his ear and his shoulder and reaches for his coffee mug, adding, “And it’s not like
Mindful of Cas’ current state, Dean pulls Cas’ arm across his shoulders, then wraps his own arm around Cas’ waist, taking some of his weight without giving Castiel the option to protest or decline, privately shocked at how warm Cas is where they’re pressed together. Dean watches a bead of sweat roll down the side of Cas’ face and his calm dissolves again, a new sliver of alarm making a mad dash through his gut. “Let’s go, okay? Nice an’ slow, ain’t no real rush.” He hopes that’s true, desperately, with all the good left in him. “We’ll figure out how to fix you right up.”
Dean blows out a breath and puts his beer down on the kitchen table. Scrubbing his hands over his face, he says, “Look, Cas, can we do this later?” He gazes at Castiel over the tips of his fingers, hoping he doesn’t have to have this conversation. He’s not prepared for this conversation. He won’t ever be prepared for this conversation. But he sees Cas firm up his resolve. He watches it happen, a physical and spiritual hardening, readying for a fight.
“I’m sure we’ll manage,” Castiel says, snuggling under the scratchy motel comforter, wriggling closer to Dean.
Disoriented and sleepy, Castiel lets himself be pulled to his feet, and Dean only thinks about it for a second before laying a steadying hand on the small of Cas’ back, under the weird weightless warmth of his wings, guiding him out into the hallway that leads to their respective rooms.
Shaken, Castiel expels all the breath in his lungs in a rush. Dean tenses, relaxes, and finally meets his eyes.
Dean is a basic bitch when it comes to baking. Give him a cherry pie any day over these fancy fuckin’ cakes and shit they make on the baking show Cas is obsessed with.
“Have you heard from Jack?” Cas asks during one of his infrequent pauses from devouring his dinner. He reaches for his beer and takes a long swig, looking at Sam expectantly.
“Dean,” Sam whispers, looking over Dean’s shoulder with an awestruck expression on his face. It takes an awful lot to rattle Sam these days, Dean thinks, suddenly afraid to turn around, but he does turn, and he follows Sam’s gawping stare up — and up, and up, and up —
Castiel is buried deep inside the dryer, gathering armfuls of warm clothes to his chest with his whole torso almost entirely inside the industrial-sized drum. He finishes excavating his belongings and dumps them all into the big plastic basket he got at the dollar store in town, then trudges up the stairs and down the hall to his room to start folding.
The anger flares bright inside Dean again when he thinks about Cas just chillin’ up there in Heaven with whatever’s left of the Host, ignoring Dean’s
In response, Castiel wanders close to Dean’s hand and stands on his hind legs, forelegs reaching out so Cas can grasp Dean’s finger in his tiny claws. He sticks his head forward and snatches the button out of Dean’s grasp with his teeth. Scurry-hopping backward, he turns and brings the button back to his mug and very deliberately drops it inside, then looks over his shoulder at Dean, chirping up at him indignantly.
want to hear it from Sam when he inevitably finds out some other way. Now he’s in the loop, and Dean put him there, which is the best he can do at the moment.
“Tell me what you want,” Castiel whispers, watching the impulse to hide himself crawl across Dean’s face. He
It’s about a week before Dean realizes that Castiel is acting strangely. Cas has always wanted to be near Dean as far as he’s been able to tell, but for the last few days the dragon’s need for attention has been insatiable. Every day when Dean comes home from the bakery, Cas is waiting by the door, dogging at Dean’s heels and chirruping at him insistently while Dean drops his leftover pastries in their customary spot next to the coffee maker and hangs up Baby’s keys. The dragon won’t stop until Dean gives in and lifts Cas onto his shoulder, where he happily snuffs behind Dean’s ear and seems to always be licking at the skin there.
Dean peers down at Castiel curiously. Cas is looking at the back door to the kitchen with what Dean can only interpret as open terror, a quiet whining chirp the only other indication that he’s frightened. He frowns, chewing on his lip before crouching down so he’s at eye level with Cas on the table.
He could hear Dean’s voice, clear as a bell in his ear, though he was as far from Dean as he could bear to be. The rich baritone distracted him, pulled him out of the fight and gave the pair of vampires attacking him an unexpected advantage. They pressed in on Castiel, gripping his arms with fingers turned to claws, and he struggled to fend them off, barely managing to keep their teeth from finding his neck.
. I was meant to be with you,” Castiel says, his rumbling baritone gentle, “and I think you knew it right away, too.”
And maybe Dean will never be able to understand him again, but he feels a tiny blossom of pride in his chest, knowing he helped make Jack who he is. Whatever else he may be, Jack is
“Shit,” Dean mutters. He chews his own lip for a minute before putting his coffee down on top of the pastry case and holding his hand out to Castiel. “Gimme your phone.”
but it’s not the Winchester way, so he redoubles his efforts and gets up early on the weekends to make Castiel breakfast. He asks Cas what he’s reading and they talk about books, which leads them to music, which leads them to food. One night Dean springs for the fancy Italian place down in Concordia. Getting desperate and refusing to examine the feeling in too much detail, Dean pulls out a trick that almost always got him laid and drives Cas out into the flat Kansas wilderness to go stargazing.
particular thought, he knows it’s the pot calling the kettle black). Dean throws an arm around Castiel’s shoulders and plants an exaggerated, sloppy-wet kiss on his cheek (“Gross, Dean, c’mon, we’re
Castiel goes still and glances over his shoulder. “Sam.” He looks after Dean again, then sighs and comes into the war room. He stops behind the chair Dean had just vacated and grabs onto the back of it with white-knuckled fingers, head bowed between his shoulders.
“You’re not to leave the house for a week,” John said levelly, standing from the plush armchair he’d been sitting in in the dark, waiting for this exact scenario no doubt. He walked into the hallway and frowned at a bristling Dean.
such as it is… he can’t bring himself to look at his unconscious human form again. He glances at Sam and sees his frown, contemplative rather than resigned.
Cas tastes like… honey and mint, like the memory of sunshine, and he kisses like he’s a guttering candle and Dean is oxygen. His blood rushing through his veins is a song, singing sweet to Dean, crooning to him, calling him closer. Dean kisses up Castiel’s jaw, down the long line of his throat. He sucks at Cas’ neck, nuzzling into him, nosing behind his ear and laying tender kisses there, all the while listening to Cas’ heart, the frantic beating of it inside his body. He lays his mouth over Castiel’s pulse, open and wet, the greatest temptation. He won’t do it, he
“Cas,” he croaks, pushing himself to his hands and knees and gulping in air. “Cas!” Louder this time. Castiel doesn’t so much as quiver.
Feel free to come play on my tumblr if you're so inclined. I pretty much post 100% deancas nonsense.
They played a round of air hockey in the arcade (Aaron had his ass handed to him, because Dean was the goddamn
To Dean’s mortified delight, Castiel sighs out an appreciative sound that stabs right through him, hot and sharp, before Cas takes him in hand and draws the tip of his cock into his mouth. Dean doesn’t have time to stop and think about how Cas knows anything about blow jobs, not while liquid heat spreads across Dean’s insides like oozing honey as Cas slides further down, down, down, drawing a long, low groan from deep in Dean’s chest. He threads his fingers into Cas’ hair, tugging, and drops his head back, eyes closed, overwhelmed by the slick slide of Cas’ mouth over his heated flesh.
As far as Dean’s concerned, a nanosecond is too long. He shakes his head and pushes past Cas into the kitchen, ignoring Sam calling him back, ignoring the hurt look that he catches on Cas’ face just as he spins out of the way to avoid Dean’s blustering exit.
, Cas, spill!” she whines. She wraps her arms around his waist and looks at him with her best impression of a wounded puppy, and Castiel sighs, good-natured, and caves in like a piñata at a birthday party, as he always does.
For now, all he can do is take the memory of peace with him on the road as he heads back to Lebanon, knowing, for the rest of his life, it will
“Dean, you’re telling me this like I’ve never had a beer before in my life,” Sam grouses, eggs disappearing with alarming rapidity.
know that. You could put up a flashing neon sign saying so right outside Dean’s door and he would do his best to pretend it didn’t exist. Because
“This actually presents a somewhat unique opportunity,” Castiel says, unflappable, and Dean and Sam turn to him with twin looks of annoyed confusion.
He’s been alone long enough, and whether or not it makes him a total weirdo, Cas makes Dean feel like he’s not quite so alone any more.
. He makes sure Cas is securely nestled in the folds of his scarf, the dragon’s body folded in loops and warm and smooth against Dean’s neck. Castiel wriggles around slightly and pushes his head up against Dean’s chin, peering out of his warm cocoon to watch as Dean heads out the back door and into the late autumn morning.
of heights, okay, he just… didn’t like all that open air underneath his feet). Aaron wheedled Dean into sharing a heaping mound of cotton candy, mouths and fingers turned sticky and pink from the sweet treat, and Dean also couldn’t help himself from getting a slice of Miss Moseley’s sugar pie, the custard-like caramel melting saccharine across his tongue and punting his soul right out of his body, it was so good.
A surprised laugh bursts out of Dean, and even though he knows it’s a temptation he turns towards Cas and says, “Hell yeah,” before grabbing a fistful of his shirt and hauling him in to crush their mouths together.
“Heya, Cas,” he says quietly. Castiel hears him, though. Dean can see the way his shoulders tense slightly from all the way over here. He hurries to close the gap between them, stopping short of being able to reach out and pull Castiel into a hug.
Stupefied, speechless, Dean marvels at how easy it is for Cas to say this stuff to him, and secretly, selfishly, how much it makes his whole damn self feel lit up from the inside out.
Dean sits tipped back in his chair, feet propped on the table in front of him, crossed casually at the ankle. He rocks himself in the chair as he reads, forward and back, gently, then drops his feet and the chair, disturbing the hushed library.
, who believed so firmly in this promised paradise he was willing to give his life to defend it. Dean chokes on a sob. Cas is… well, he’s a lot of things, but never more than when he’s gone does Dean realize how much he needs Castiel. He’s important to Dean. Their lives slot together like puzzle pieces. For better or worse, they belong to each other.
“What.” He coughs, clears his throat. “What was that?” he manages, panting. He presses his face to Cas’ chest, grounding himself with the feeling of Cas’ warm body pressed against his own, and realizes Cas is breathing hard, too.
Dean stares at Sam and violently throttles the irrational surge of jealousy threatening to rise like bile at the thought of
“Christ,” he swears, hand over his heart like he’s some wilting maiden. “Jesus, Cas, you scared the shit outta me.”
Dean’s face heats up like a fire’s been lit inside him. He steps closer to Cas, cupping his elbows, the vial of grace dangling by its heavy silver chain from Dean’s fingers. “I choose you, too, Cas,” he says, hushed, and it’s an incantation, a vow. “I’m always gonna choose you, ’cause — ’cause I love you, man. I have for a really long time, longer than I even knew, but — ”
“You goddamn coward,” he spits, dropping his hands to fists in his lap and staring hard at them, because if he looks over at Cas right now, he’s gonna hit him, and even Dean knows that’s a pretty piss-poor way of repaying someone who just saved your life for the umpteenth time.
The interruption brings Dean up short and he turns to Jack, eyebrows raised. “No?” he asks, digging Baby’s keys out of his jacket pocket. He’s surprised by the force of his sudden rush of emotion at the thought of Jack leaving them. He’d figured – hell, he’d figured Jack was family, and family got to stay.
, but it’s a gesture that before this moment held little meaning for Dean other than the fact that Castiel undressing unaccountably made his head spin sometimes. He suddenly, vividly, remembers that one time he helped Cas get ready for the date-that-wasn’t and what that had done to him — seeing enough of Cas’ exposed collarbones to make his mouth go dry — so it’s no real shock that now it’s making Dean
Instead, Dean carefully closed the bathroom door and leaned against it in the dark, gulping in lungfuls of air and digging the heels of his hands into his eyes, holding his tears at bay with sheer force of will. When he could breathe again, he flicked on the light. He was in the middle of hissing his way through washing out his scraped shoulder when he heard a quiet knock at the door.
“Shit, Cas,” he says, jumping a little and turning in Castiel’s arms, “we need to get you a bell.” Dean hears himself and shakes his head. He’d never thought of it when Castiel was still in his dragon form. “What are you doing up, sweetheart?” he murmurs as Castiel buries his face in Dean’s neck.
Dean glances up, sharp, before looking back down at his own hands. He frowns and shakes his head a fraction. “No, man. I’m not unhappy about it.” He shrugs, clearly uncomfortable. “Can’t say I’m too stoked for it, either, though.”
, serious and contemplative, a warmth in his gaze fixed on Castiel’s face. It makes his insides melt. He also notices Dean being a little kinder to himself: going to bed at a regular time, letting Sam sneak in a vegetable or two when he makes burgers (with fewer and fewer grumblings). Drinking more water. Asking for what he needs. As the days go on Castiel catches Dean smiling more easily.
. Since Cas has come back, they’ve only been on a handful of the most routine hunts, overly cautious in the wake of Dean’s close call, but every single one has landed Dean in some sort of life-threatening situation, like the universe is doing its utmost to course-correct for Cas saving him from the dreaded rusty nail all those weeks ago. Like even with Jack in charge of everything Upstairs, Death still stalks Dean’s every movement, just waiting for the opportunity to snatch him up.
Unsure if he should be relieved or even more anxious, Dean strides into the living room and pokes Sam urgently. “Sam,” he says, digging fingers into Sam’s side and under his armpit where Dean knows his brother is ticklish. “Sammy, get up. I need your help.”
Dean choked out, "If it hasn't happened by now, I think we're-" He paused as Castiel neared the head of his penis.
“Th-thank you, Dean.” Castiel was torn between wanting more physical contact, and realising that this really wasn’t the place.
Sam the salad freak? Probably his girlfriend, because no way was this vision of sex on legs single. And there was even less chance of him being into men, wasn’t there? Strange that Dean didn’t bring his girlfriend on vacation with him though. “I do eat meat, as long as it’s accompanied by vegetables,” he said to Dean’s obvious disgust, then subtly asked, “So, Sam… she doesn’t eat meat at all?”
"Oh…" Dean shifted, and there was a tension in the room that would require something far sharper than a knife to cut. "I'm sorry, dude. That wasn't what I was trying to imply… I mean, yeah, it's probably true, but, um…"
“That’s the spirit,” Balthazar responds. “We’ll also be needing a bone from someone who encountered him.”
Cas shakes his head sadly. “I did not. But how likely is it that this,” he points to the spear Dean’s holding, “was the work of someone else? Knowing what we know, is it possible that Dean was attacked by someone other than Lucifer?”
Saliva coats Benny's lips as he draws off of Castiel's dick and hoarsely says, "Guess I should stop, then. But at some point, I really wanna feel you spill down my throat."
With a sense of apprehension building inside him, Castiel leaves the room with Dean, and they walk in the direction of the library. Hopefully at least one of the angels he sensed will be there, and will fill them in on what’s happened here.
Castiel feels awkward… more awkward than usual. Seeing how upset Benny is, and not even being able to comfort him causes him pain. He knows this isn’t the Benny he came to know in Purgatory, but the resemblance means that the lines are blurred.
He opens his mouth and does as Benny asks; taking the digits into his mouth and swirling his tongue around them, imagining it’s Benny’s dick. He hopes he’ll get to suck it one day, but for now he’s going to show Benny how obedient he is. He knows he’s doing a good job when Benny hums contentedly.
“You are very fond of pleasuring yourself,” Castiel stated, never once pausing in his ministrations. “My father said he had never seen so much porn.” He ran his thumb over the head, and Dean gripped the seat so tightly his knuckles turned white.
“I don’t know your name,” he said to the other man, who was standing in the middle of the room scowling. “It might make things easier if we tried to be friendly with each other.”
son, are you?" He stares at Dean like he's eyeing a bug. "His son is dead. As far as John is concerned now, both of his sons are."
“I-it’s okay. I enjoy cooking and tend to lose myself while I’m in the kitchen.” He smiled at Dean before focusing back on the stir fry.
Castiel slid over Dean and kissed him again, feeling the rise and fall of Dean’s chest beneath his, before he went on an exploration with his mouth. He kissed Dean’s jaw, neck, collar bone, nipple… this drew a hiss from Dean as he arched his back off the seat.
Castiel doesn’t think he can… he wants to, but it's so hard. He doesn't want to disappoint Benny though, and he wonders if he can use his grace on himself. The idea is deliciously sinful, and he gets closer to his orgasm just thinking about it.
The grin that breaks out on Benny's face hurts his cheeks, and he laughs quietly. "Hmm, guess I'm no prince. But let me try again."
"Yeah… We were on the other side of a rift, our side, and saw your Dean get pierced through by that. Didn't see who did it, though." Dean inhales, breath shuddering, and continues, "I'm truly sorry."
Balthazar has a mouthful of pakora, and he insists on swallowing it before answering. “Dean Winchester was killed – murdered – by the holy lance, and upon examining it, I discovered it was wielded by Michael. We need to summon him, and… kill him, before he goes completely rogue.”
The last time Dean saw Cas try to save someone with his grace was when he was trying to save the other Dean, and he doesn’t want to think about what it will do to them both if this doesn’t work.
It felt like Dean was staring into his soul. "Cas, I'm going to kiss you now. If you don't want me to, say something now."
"Oh, I'm totally willing, sweetheart." Benny reaches down and grabs Castiel by the hips, then flips him onto his back, jostling Dean next to them, but the hunter just lets out a cute little sniffle and cuddles into the mattress.
He really wants to know what Inias meant by his statement about Lucifer, but before he can ask, Inias and Balthazar both suddenly put their hands to their heads, and wince as if in pain. He recognizes it immediately as a sign that angel radio is informing them of something momentous.
After waiting a few seconds in silence, he reaches his hand to the knob and looks to Dean for guidance on whether he should open the door or not.
As calloused fingertips trace up his spine, Dean said, "This wasn't exactly what I was thinking when I came up here for the week, but it's turning into a nice surprise."
Apart from him being everything their Benny was, the sex is outstanding, and they haven't even really gotten started yet. Speaking of…
Dean, but it hurts nevertheless. He tells himself over and over that it’s a hunter he didn’t know, and ignores the way the situation makes his chest feel tight.
Once he’d diced the chicken, Castiel searched for the right pans and some cooking oil. Once again, as he stood at the stove and got on with the cooking, he could practically feel Dean’s eyes boring into the back of his head. Nope… he was not going to turn around.
“Fuck… please! Please touch me,” Castiel cries out, beginning to lose his mind as Benny fucks him into oblivion, but keeps him on that edge. He needs to come… he’s desperate for it, but he wants them to climax together.
As it is, he's staring down at his feet, rubbing over his jaw, when the door opens. Cas is standing on the other side, looking like shit warmed over.
Dean held his gaze, pupils blown as he watched Castiel's release. His strokes sped up, slicking the channel of his hand with Castiel's come as he chased his own orgasm. The other cupped Castiel's cheek. "You're so beautiful, angel. And you feel so good. Ahhh, please touch me. Please, Cas!"
Cas gives him a smile in return, but it  doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “Moments of levity help to break the tension. I learned that from a very wise man.”
Benny nods, leaving Cas the illusion. "Hmm, I'm sorry to hear that. There anything that helps? Y'all need anything?"
Logically, Castiel knew that. However, he had named all of the toys Dean brought him after his fallen brethren, not considering the idea that they might one day be audience to activities he'd rather they not see.
Dean doesn't really know how to react, what to say. "We didn't see who did it. Just saw him get hit."
Castiel pulled Dean’s body closer, loving how that firm body felt pressed against his. He was trapped between Dean and the counter, and it felt amazing. It had been way too long since he’d even kissed another person, let alone had such a thrilling encounter with someone he found so attractive.
Balthazar starts to reply, but Benny just holds up a hand, halting whatever the angel's preparing to say. He instead faces Cas and Dean, who've been having a quiet conversation.
Castiel wanted to. He really did. He desperately needed release, but… "Dean, Balthazar is watching."
The hunter pulled away, breathing labored, and his voice was a low groan as he urged, "Need to get you home before I get us both arrested for indecent exposure."
Chamuel steps towards Benny, and puts his hand on his shoulder. “We have visitors from another world.” Nodding towards Dean and Cas, he adds, “Dean and Castiel. This is not our Dean… our Dean is… he’s dead. He was killed.”
Deliberately avoiding even turning on the TV - because he didn’t even want to think about Dr. Sexy - he spent the rest of the evening reading his book. Or, more accurately, staring blankly at the same page until he fell asleep.
Balthazar is brutally matter-of-fact when he recounts the details to Inias, and Castiel almost wishes he had added a few embellishments to make it sound less grim.
Castiel decided to take a look around, and see if there was anything in this place that wouldn’t cause him to scream. There were stalls; some selling food, which was all incredibly unhealthy, and some that were games, which generally involved hitting a target and winning a prize.
“Like some kind of creep who gets off on thinking about you in that way. I don’t usually say things like this, I swear.”
Castiel loves the way they’re moving together as they ride out their orgasms, gradually slowing down until they’re spent. He feels like he’s covered in sweat and come, and it’s gross, and glorious, and he’s in a happy daze.
Castiel briefly considered making Dean’s boots - and maybe everything else he was wearing too - disappear with a snap of his fingers, but he had a feeling that removing them slowly would be a more pleasurable experience. Reaching down, he started pulling at the laces and loosening them enough to slip first one boot then the other from Dean’s feet, all the while taking every opportunity to caress his calves. The socks came off next, and they were piled on top of Castiel’s clothes, on top of Inias.
"Damn, Cas, you're a quick study. Definitely not teaching you pool." Dean winked in his direction, then moved up to the booth's operator and kept talking. "I believe that was twenty ducks? So looks like we won a panda," he crowed, and Castiel could just make out him addressing the man under his breath, "and if you want me to keep your secret about that sight, then you'll pass over that tiger as a token of your appreciation."
Castiel lifted his head and stared deeply into Dean’s eyes, knowing he wasn’t going to last much longer. Everything about being with Dean in such an intimate way was beyond his wildest imaginings. “I’ve wanted you for so long,” he whispered. “Wanted to touch you, to k…” He couldn’t hold it in any longer, and he gasped out as his orgasm rushed through him, and he spilled his seed over Dean’s hand.
Cas looks a little sheepish at not realizing what was expected of him, and Dean tacks on, “I'm guessing by your lack of reaction, you don’t have a version of Cas in this world?”
Dean rolled his hips up against Castiel's front, and he could feel the length of his erection brushing against his abdomen. Growling, he sank his teeth into the meat of Dean's pectoral, marking him in a way he'd only dreamed of before.
Scoffing, Dean spits out, "That bitch got her claws into my brother here, too?" He turns to Cas, scrambling for hope. "I didn't see who threw the spear. And I'm pretty sure you didn't either. Did you sense anyone?"
Then Castiel felt a broad, strong hand at the small of his back, guiding him away. "C'mon, Cas. I think we've got better things to be doing now."
“Sure, brother.” Benny just wants to pull Cas into his arms and hold him; tell him everything’s going to be okay. But he has a feeling that might make things worse, so he pats Cas on the shoulder before the angel goes over to Balthazar and they disappear, along with Bobby and Rufus.
Dean sees him whisper something oh-so softly in their angel's ear, and he's pretty sure it's a reciprocation, but the moment is just for them, and he's so okay with that.
Before Dean can respond, Michael is back to his feet and attacking Lucifer, with all the ferocity of a raging storm. The air in the room crackles with static, and Castiel has a sudden concern that Lucifer might not win.
Dean shot him a quick look that was a mixture of glare, awe, and sheer frustration. "My dick's hard enough to pound nails, Cas. Think you could lend me a hand?" he asked with a tone of sarcasm layered over desperation.
Dean looks up at Castiel with a mixture of gratitude, affection, and hesitation in his eyes, then transfers that gaze to Benny. "Not gonna lie to you, I'd love nothing more than to not see my body in flames again. Hell was already one time too many. But turning away… that's not me, man. And I'm betting it wasn't
“Yes, especially if he doesn’t know his brother is dead,” Castiel agrees, belatedly realizing how traumatic it could be for this world’s Sam.
Dean was looking around at the gathered crowd, and Castiel noticed him zeroing in on a young boy of about seven years. He gestured to Castiel, waving him to stand in front of him. He whispered, "Wanna help me with the rest?"
A warm hand curled around his hip, then Dean's fingernails scratched at his back through his button-down and started tugging at the fabric.
He could only describe Dean's reaction as melting. He went pliant under Castiel's hands, body warm and malleable. "Cas," he whined.
. He grinned at Castiel as he handed over his money and climbed into the large circular object along with several other people, which then proceeded to spin around at an alarming speed.
Charlie belts out, "No way! There's no fucking way you got demons in here. We warded for everything after we got Ketch to spill."
Castiel doesn’t like thinking that they might be too late to save Benny too. They already lost Benny in their world, and he knows Dean would be devastated to lose him again. Even if it isn’t their Benny.
"Hey, what's going on in your head?" Dean brushed his thumb over Castiel's cheekbone and stepped back. "You just spaced out on me for a bit."
As Dean got off the ground and walked back over to him, Castiel felt an overwhelming urge to do the thing he had wanted to do for longer than he could remember. Before he could change his mind, he leaned forward and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s.
Inias stares at Castiel for a long moment, before angling his chin towards him. “And how do we know we can trust him?” he asks Balthazar.
He knows those words hadn’t been meant for his ears, however, and now that he’s returned for a second time, he’s hoping that he’s able to pretend like he hadn’t heard a thing. He’s pulled up short, however, when this time he hears Dean sobbing and Cas apologizing for what he’d said earlier.
The vampire runs a hand down Castiel's side, fingernails lightly scratching at his skin. Then those fingers trail lower, and Castiel moans into his mouth when Benny caresses his ass.
The hunter whispered in his ear, "Balthazar knew. He knew you were in love with me. I highly doubt he would be surprised to find us fucking like bunnies."
Realising he hadn’t spoken for a few seconds, he tried to engage his brain, and form words. “But… I rented this place through a friend of a friend. I need a vacation, and I was here first.”
“I hate to rain on your parade,” Dean pipes up again, “but in our world, an archangel blade can only kill an archangel if it’s wielded by another archangel. I don’t suppose you got one of those lyin’ around?”
“Would it-” Castiel let out a loud groan, as Dean twisted his wrist a little, in a way that made him see stars. “Ohhhhhh…”
He can hear shuffling after he makes his announcement and shifts from foot to foot, trying to figure out how to not be awkward around them now.
“Maybe you don’t know as much as you think you do. My demons are former angels, and as such are unaffected by demon wardings. You’re helpless against me,” Michael gloats, and Benny thinks he sounds just like one of those overacting supervillains he’s seen in the movies.
Benny wraps his fingers around it and jerks it once… twice, and Castiel is in Heaven. The combination of the endless thrusting and the warm wet hand on his erection…
Dean gave Castiel a quick salute, before turning the key in the ignition and setting off for home. Castiel felt a warmth spread through him, at the thought of the bunker being home… and all of the activities Dean and he might indulge in, now that the nature of their relationship had changed.
There was some rustling in the background, before Bobby spoke again. “What’s his name, and who’s he saying he rented it from?”
"Benny? Benny's here?" His heart beats against his ribcage, aching at the thought of seeing his friend. But… "What about Sam? We need to tell him first."
Cas stops moving for a second, staring at Dean like he’s contemplating something. Then he starts slamming down on Benny’s cock so hard he’s worried he might break something, and as he does so he reaches his hand out again. But this time it lands on Dean’s cock, and he starts stroking that instead.
“We should look for Sam and Jack. Dean wanted us to save someone… it must be them.” Cas states dryly.
A small appreciative huff escapes before Benny responds, "You would be winning that bet." He angles his body toward Castiel. "And you? You gonna be able to stick it out, with your Dean standing right next to you?"
An agonizing few seconds pass when nothing happens, before Benny coughs suddenly and his eyes flicker open.
Heading to the kitchen, he's really hoping to find his friend. Needs the familiarity and comfort of someone who knows what he lost.
“Very good,” Castiel praised, following suit to join Dean in the back. Unfortunately, there was a huge panda where he wanted to get in. He hadn’t meant what he said about leaving him by the side of the road, although he needed to remove this obstacle quickly before Dean changed his mind.
Michael stares back at Dean, his grin unfaltering, and the hackles rise on Benny’s neck. Why isn’t the archangel bothered about being captured?
The look Dean gives him is… haunted? There's definitely something there, and it reminds him that maybe this isn't the right place to be discussing this. Michael alone must be difficult for him to hear about.
That stops Castiel in his tracks. Dean’s right… Castiel has been as guilty of attempting self-sacrifice as any Winchester. He pulls Dean into a tight hug, rubbing soothing circles on his back. “Maybe it’s time we put a stop to it. Starting now.”
"If he truly doesn't care, then it's up to us to do the caring in his place." Lucifer's reply drags Castiel out of his thoughts.
Bobby let out a laugh, before replying. “I don’t need to see no receipt, ya idjit. Looks like you two princesses got a problem that you’re gonna need to fix yourselves. Jody and Donna have taken off on their hiking trip, and there ain’t no way of contacting them.”
Castiel didn’t much like the sound of that; he would much prefer Dean to have a different purpose for his ass. He mentally slapped himself for his inappropriate thoughts, and turned to the two doors. “Which bedroom would you like?”
Benny has already been made aware of the list of things they require, but he can sense the regret in the room at how quickly they burned Dean’s body. But they had no way of knowing, and Dean would have wanted a swift hunter’s funeral.
With a desperation borne of repeated dreams, he kisses Benny with all the love he has yet to express in words. As he draws away, he says, "You're gonna be okay."
“Do you think that’s wise while you’re driving?” Castiel let his hand travel further towards Dean’s crotch, despite his questioning tone. Seeing Dean coming undone like this was extremely arousing.
“Look, I didn’t think… I mean, someone said it, you’re built to serve God, and love Him and only Him and I thought – I guess I thought that’s the kind of love you meant.” Dean shrugs and glances away, realizing as he says it how completely stupid it sounds. “And then one morning I thought… man, you said the one thing you want, you can’t have, but.” Dean licks his lips and says, shaky, “But, what if you could?”
He startles when the door to his room swings open and Sam walks in with a steaming mug of coffee in hand. “Sammy,” he says, and he’s surprised to hear himself sounding… okay, actually. His brother looks at him and smiles wide, coming into the room and placing the coffee mug on the nightstand before scooping the book into his hands and sitting on the chair.
“Dean?” Sam says, loping over after confirming the witch is dead. Dean can hear the concern in Sam’s voice and is really glad his brother is here right now. “Is he okay?”
At first nothing happens, and Dean’s mind blanks out in sudden panic. Terror crawls up his spine and grips his throat, choking him. The amber acts as an anchor, a sort of gravity boot working against the pull of the gateway – without it, they should be sucked right back home. If this doesn’t work, then he’s trapped them here forever; there’s no way he has the strength to make it back to the gateway on his own, never mind dragging Cas behind him and trailing one Very Pissed Off Cosmic Entity.
“I get it if you don’t wanna wear it, it’s okay– I just thought, I mean. You gave me something of yours, I just wanted to– I mean, obviously I don’t have like, feathers or anything–”
Beside him, Castiel huffs occasionally, tiny sounds of discomfort that Dean wishes he could ignore, but he otherwise doesn’t make a sound. His silence now says more to Dean than any words ever could, and the panic turns to dread, sour and heavy in his stomach.
Something electric crackles along Dean’s nerves and his stomach tumbles into terrifying freefall when Cas leans closer, drawn as if he can’t help himself, a magnet to a lodestone. He’s an adult, a goddamn
Or maybe he’s breathless because Cas casually tossed his grown-adult ass up onto a table like he weighs no more than a sack of flour, what the fuck? Unreasonable,
“Why did you save me? I thought I had nothing to offer you and our 48 hour relationship ran its course,” Dean said.
“You’ve always burdened yourself with the weight of making dad happy, and now you’ve gone through a pretty rough life change not by your choosing. I can tell you’re not always happy,” Sam explained.
Dean was all in favor of good customer service, but he just wanted to relax and enjoy some food. “I appreciate the hospitality, Meg, and I know waitresses are expected to give that service with a smile crap, but feel free to relax around me. I’m just here for a meal.”
The lights dimmed and the curtain rose to reveal the student orchestra. The conductor began to wave his wand and the melodies began to rise from their instruments. All of the tunes were familiar and recognizable, yet something about them all was different and edited; and Dean was experiencing all of them for the first time.
I put a bullet in that bastard’s face, and I get those kids in my arms again, I am quitting the life. I’m going into hiding with them. The FBI can try to keep searching for me if they so desire, but I promise you that I will be done doing activities to even be on their radar. You can decide whether you want to believe that or not.”
Cas mulled the question over, really unsure. He was a mix of emotions this weekend, and wasn’t thinking straight on anything. “I don’t know. I’m just worried about you. It’s a big house, but it’s not filled with much substance.”
“Okay,” Dean muttered softly. Castiel escorted him off the dance floor before letting go of his hand. Cautiously, Dean watched Cas make his way to Jack. He supposed it was better for Dean not to awkwardly be there if Cas was telling him anything about them.
“I know,” Castiel said. “That’s why I thought it best to not rub your nose in it, let you cope without my presence.”
“Can I help you find anything?” the voice asked again, this time, closer behind Dean. He turned around to look at the man, and recognized him as the attractive man he briefly caught a glimpse of back at the diner yesterday.
She took out a floral arrangement that looked elaborately decorated. The entire bouquet was made of gold and white roses. The white petals, and al stems and leaves, were lightly dusted with golden glitter. Among the white and gold roses was one green glass rose and one blue glass rose.
Castiel groaned with displeasure. They always turned into slobbery little children as soon as the gag was removed. They could never wait until spoken to. “You’ve ruined the moment,” Castiel growled.
“Don’t waste it,” he said playfully. The sentence didn’t scare Dean in the slightest, because he was confident there wasn’t a chance in hell he was going to let anything happen to them, now that he had a heart of iron and all.
He sloppily raised his arm, having the book connect with one guard’s chest. “Make sure this gets to Dean Winchester,” Castiel ordered.
book Cas recommended, still untouched. He hadn’t done any reading since the night at the hospital when he learned the truth. He was drunk all weekend, and yesterday he just went to bed early.
“Alright, Ladies and Gentlemen,” the captain announced on the intercom system. “We have been given the all-clear for take-off. Please remain in your seats when the ‘fasten seatbelt’ light is illuminated. It’ll be about a two hour flight, and it’ll go by smooth and fast. Clear skies are up ahead, and that means little to no chance of turbulence. Feel free to check out one of our complimentary movies, or listen to some complimentary radio, and thank you for flying Midwest.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replied. “Fancy running into you here….literally, I suppose, I’m very sorry about that.”
“I will spend the rest of my life making you feel good if I can. Anything to redeem myself to you,” Castiel said.
Dean took a moment to unwind and regain his composure. He knew he didn’t need to be so defensive, he just didn’t know how to prevent it. This is why he wasn’t planning on anything; the last person he bore his soul to just let him loose after a three year commitment. What was keeping Castiel from doing the same?
Dean just stared at Castiel with slight confusion. “I wasn’t given much information; all I know is they’re European…”
“I plan on retiring soon, Dean,” Bobby said. “Ideally within the next two to three years. When that day comes, I want you to take over for me.”
“Good. That means I can let him wait for a while. Thank you. You may return to your post,” Castiel instructed.
Cas continued to smile and he lightly licked his lips, which drew in Dean’s attention. “In that case, Dean; what is it that you’re asking of me?”
Castiel let go, but still had his hands on Dean’s arms. “Because you’re not bad like you make yourself out to be, because you’re a human being. Your father hurt you deeply in one of the worst ways imaginable, and you reacted in response to your hurt. That is
Castiel’s breath hitched as he continued to stare at the photograph. “They have Anastasia’s eyes,” he said. “Did you give them their names?”
“Very well,” Castiel said as he paced a few more steps, eying the shelves. “You ever hear of a banshee?”
Dean scoffed and looked away, embarrassed. “Whatever I may or may not be insecure about, it has nothing to do with you or the bedroom,” Dean replied confidently.
“Jo, relax,” Dean said. “I’ll explain later.” He turned back to Cas who nodded, but his hands were still cuffed behind his back. Castiel leaned in and Dean held it over to him.
Dean took his mouth off of Cas and caressed both sides of Castiel’s face, looking deeply into the intense blue eyes that he loved.  “I love you, Castiel Novak.”
There was a specific sigh that was exhaled from the individual that made Dean feel at ease. “Yes.” Dean was expecting maybe a little bit more, but that was on him he supposed.
“There were two things,” Bobby explained. “The first was knowing that how miserable we were, and how much we were grieving, we were the only people that made the other feel better. She was all I could think about, and every thought of her made me happy as the day I met her.”
to make any indication that you know or even suspect. You cannot withdraw their tasks, you cannot withdraw their responsibilities. You also cannot start treating them better with performative kindness or promotion, as it raises suspicion. You can
Dean let out a humored hum at that. He was sure these boys would be better than Bobby gave them credit for; or at the very least, he sure hoped.
Cas moved his hand to cup Dean’s face and Dean couldn’t drag this conversation out any longer. He leaned forward immediately and brought their lips together, and kissed Castiel deeply. Castiel returned the kiss enthusiastically, and it was the best kiss Dean had ever experienced in his life. He cupped Castiel’s face in return and for a few moments, it was just the two of them.
“I’m tired of sharing a bed with Claire,” Jack whined. “When is Dad getting back from his work trip?”
He hung up the phone and his employee gave him a thumbs up. Calls had to be short to protect the trace. He probably had a bit more time since he called Jo first, but Cas was smart. “They’re not going to agree to a secluded restaurant they cannot observe aerially.”
“Yeah, I know,” he gruffed. “I may have fudged that one slightly to make ya laugh, but who knows? Maybe there’s some truth to it. Karen and I were never wild or exciting in our youth. Passion died a little quick, but we were comfortable and tender. Trying and failing to have children….that really exhausted us emotionally and romantically. To tell you the truth, we maybe didn’t make it.”
“I need to weigh all of my options, Dean,” Castiel explained. “Every last one of them, even ones that involve killing you. This is why I am going to need your complete and utter honesty and cooperation because if I have nothing left to lose, then I will be sure to go out that way.”
He moved his mouth to the back of Dean’s neck and mouthed at it hard. He was building up passion and need, and he no longer wanted to be sweet and delicate. He dropped the cloth to the ground and just let his hands roam Dean. They went around Dean’s sides to grasp his pecs and Castiel pressed against Dean more, to which he responded by pushing back against Cas in turn.
He wasn’t sure if he was insane, stupid, reckless, or what he was; but he became even less sure of himself once he heard the doorbell ring, announcing Castiel’s arrival.
Jess chuckled at her husband’s frustration. “And I appreciate Dean for saying it. I can’t have you forgetting now can I?”
However, after a year and a half of Castiel being a reliable source of information and his cooperation that lead to multiple arrests, Dean was allowed to transfer Castiel’s residence to his own.
Gabriel gave him a look as if to ask ‘late night with the boyfriend?’ to which Castiel responded with a glare that read ‘I don’t want to talk about it’ before turning to the two people in the room.
“Yes, sir,” Dean said confidently, knowing damn well what that would do to him. Thy both got up off the floor and headed to the bed. Dean instinctively got on his fours and laid himself low, arching his ass up in the air for Castiel. Castiel was cursing the man under his breath. Who gave this evil FBI Agent the right to be a secret pornstar on the side?
The librarian didn’t seem faltered by Dean’s rush. “Wednesday sounds good. It’ll give me something to look forward to.” Now it was Dean’s turn to smile bashfully and blush. “Can I pick you up at seven? I can find us a place if you want, since I know the area well, if that’s okay.”
,” he gestured vaguely at the building they were in, “-so I could re-infiltrate this world, find leads on who betrayed my family, and acquire more resources so I can continue to search for my niece and nephew. The
Jo was on her fourth pot of coffee, and she had been working for nearly twenty-four hours straight. She had only been home for an hour when Bobby called her back to the station and had been advised of Dean’s disappearance.
Mary chuckled softly. “Well, my son, finding love is kind of hard, so God invented soulmates, and when you talk to your soulmate for the first time, you’ll know it’s them because the world will go silent, they’ll take your breath away, and you’ll only be able to hear their heartbeat, which tells you how much they love you. You see the stars and you hear the angels. It’s quite interesting.”
Castiel paid for two separate rooms. He didn’t need judgement from the clerk or him calling the authorities on them. The clerk gave them the keys and they made their way down the hallway.
It was finally Christmas Eve, the day the town had been waiting for. The MacLeod festival would start when the sun went down, and everyone would get to enjoy all of the lights and food stalls.
“Uhm” Dean stuttered as he searched for the words. “First, they’d need a way to contact you, obviously. We didn’t have any phone information of yours when I left, so unless it was somehow unearthed, Gabriel would have to spit it out or lead him to you, which I believe we just evacuated.”
Dean just stared at Castiel blankly as he processed Castiel’s words before a laugh was choked out. Dean slowed himself when he saw that Castiel’s neutral, albeit slightly mournful expression hasn’t changed. “That’s insane, why would you have this book or have me read it?”
“Business analyst,” Gabriel said. “Boring stuff, just spreadsheets and telling the higher ups what we can do to improve, what gets cut.”
“If I’m being honest, Missouri, I don’t know if you’ll like what you see. You see, the man I love is Castiel Novak. A little over a month ago, I was engaged to someone else completely. I really thought she was the one. But we had problems that she didn’t want to fix, and I didn’t have the chance to. Although, maybe I did, and missed them. It’s possible. But honestly? I’m kind of glad she did, because I got to meet Cas. The first time I saw him, I was just…..I was floored. I tried to resist him, I really did. I thought I needed time to work on myself, and I wanted to give myself that time.
Dean’s smile grew wide as did Jess’s because she was overly  obsessed with her brother-in-law’s gay relationship. “You don’t…have to…and even if you were open to the idea, it wouldn’t need to be soon at all in any way, but you’re over very frequently already and-”
Sam started to laugh, but tried to contain it as Jessica looked nervous. “Uhh, Sam and I did enjoy the television tonight, I suppose. How was your night?”
Saturday rolled around and Dean had finished his second book from Castiel. He had so much he wanted to talk about with Castiel. Their texts have continued, but haven’t been full-length convos. They flirted through text, called each other handsome. Dean was looking more and more forward to every conversation with Cas.
“You are so handsome, brother,” she said softly. There was a bittersweet expression on her face. Castiel knew she was burdened with raising him, and burdened with carrying the rest of the family legacy. She was a woman now, but formerly a child, and that child once had hopes and dreams that did not involve war and crime. She sacrificed for the family, and she sacrificed for Castiel to have the life she couldn’t have, and Castiel always felt slightly guilty because of it. Anastasia said Balthazar was her soulmate, but he wasn’t even completely sure as there were numerous political benefits for the both of them out of it. Why did he deserve everything she couldn’t get to keep herself?
“But if this is a rental, we can see who was renting it on that date,” Dean replied. “It’s better than what we have.”
Dean spent a good chunk of his Sunday reading the vampire book Castiel recommended. It did a great job of keeping Dean’s interest, he couldn’t seem to put it down until it was time to make his way to Roadhouse to watch the football game. Drinking beer and watching football, it was one of the few things that made him feel normal and happy again.
Dean sighed, looking nervous. “So, you show me this book, you tell me you wanted out of this life. You state you do not like doing what you’re doing, so I think you want to tell me something. I get it, your family got killed, but what about that brought you back? What are you trying to do? Restore the legacy?”
He left his penthouse and entered the small room that served as a security partition between his penthouse door and the elevator. Two guards were outside his door, as was their duty.
He saw Cas nod his head lightly, and with a small shimmy and a tug, his shirt was discarded to the ground. Castiel’s entire back was beautiful, and he wanted to ogle it longer, but he worked up the strength to bring his attention to the right shoulder.
Castiel nodded understandingly. Dean was the captive was no rights and a shaky view of his future; of course he didn’t’ view Castiel with the same positivity.
There was silence on the other line for just a brief moment. “Yeah, she said she ran into you. She stated there….may have been a misunderstanding and some concerns about our family.”
He tried to stay level-headed and optimistic about his odds, but they were increasingly slimmer by the moment. He thought about Claire and Jack. He only had a short amount of time with them. He’d never see them grow up. He knew Sam and Eileen would do an amazing job with them, but it would be so hard on everyone. The kids didn’t remember losing their birth parents, but losing Dean might detriment them for life. Sam too, although not as bad, but Dean was the last family he had, and he’d be cursed with raising Dean’s in his place. They were probably all so terrified right now.
“Nothing yet, I’m hitting dead ends,” she stated, but as she talked, and as out of view as the cameras as she could, she signed with her hands an internal gesture to ask “Are there bugs in this room?” Usually this was either used for agents asking if they pre-bugged a room they needed, or if there was risk of themselves being bugged.
Bobby grabbed something from a drawer in his desk, but Dean didn’t see what it was. He let Bobby lead the way as they made their way to the back parking lot where more cars were parked.
“Thank you, Castiel,” Jessica replied as she turned to Dean. “I hope you two have fun!” She had a playful tone in her voice, further implying she knew this was a date, and Dean playfully pushed her a little on his way out.
He made his way to his car when his phone began to ring. He took it out of his coat pocket and saw that it was from Anna. He sighed, not wanting to deal with his sister right now, and he pressed the ignore button.
That sounds like it’s going to be torture, and Castiel looks forward to every drawn out moment of it. As Benny removes his fingers from Castiel’s mouth, he breathes out a barely audible sigh. “Please. I need it… need you.”
"Dude, really?" Dean sounded completely uninterested, and Castiel was worried he was going to immediately say no. "Fine, but Dr. Sexy's on tomorrow night, so the TV is mine then, 'k?"
Dean's groan was something he would endeavor to draw from him more frequently. "How are you still so innocent? And you have no idea how sexy it is… So dominant and naive at the same time. Like that time you pushed me against that alley wall? Just… do you have any idea how turned on I was?"
In the end, he decides to try skirting around the details. “Yes, it’s vitally important we retrieve it.”
The attendant passed over the tiger without any argument, and Castiel watched as Dean lugged it over to the child he'd been looking at earlier. He knelt down in front of the boy, taking great care to keep the stuffed animal off the trash-strewn ground. "Hey, buddy. That nice man said my friend and I did such an awesome job that he wanted to give me an extra reward. But I can't really fit this guy and the panda in my car. I noticed you have a tiger on your shirt, though, and thought maybe you might like it?"
Castiel is incredibly grateful to Benny in this moment, especially as he has to be hurting more than anyone else here. It’s evident that he and this world’s Dean meant a great deal to each other, and Castiel wishes more than ever that he could give comfort to his friend… his would-be-friend. He gives a small smile, and bows his head.
So... that art piece that made me cry? Yeah, it's those pinkies. The fact that we lucked into an artist who picked up on their importance... with zero prompting? Absolute bliss for my shipper soul.
As they make their way to a couple of empty chairs, Benny approaches them. He reaches out and gently places his hand on Dean's shoulder, massages it just a bit, then withdraws.
Balthazar lowers his hand and looks at him quizzically. "Do you not have demons in your world? I'm most certain those two buffoons," he flaps his hand at the guards, "are of the demonic variety."
He unfastened the bear’s seatbelt and lifted it to push it over the back of the front seat. It was less pliable than he had hoped however, and it got stuck halfway, requiring help from Dean to get it out of the way completely.
“He was. He did.” Cas has a fond look on his face, and Dean realizes in that moment that Cas misses Benny too.
Castiel lifted one of his hands to Dean’s chest, where he caressed the skin tenderly for a moment before turning his attention to Dean’s nipple. He began rubbing his thumb over it, making him squirm underneath him. "You are the most beautiful creature I have ever seen, Dean Winchester. Come for me,” he purred.
They walk swiftly down the halls to Sam's door, where Dean steps aside and leans against the wall, out of the immediate line of sight. He nods at Castiel and says, "You're up, sunshine."
Glancing at Castiel, Dean winked and turned back to the game. "Piece of pie." Dean took aim and very methodically fired at the first duck. The ping of the pellet striking it and knocking it down was very satisfying.
Cas squints his eyes, and tilts his head. For a few seconds, he stays like that before saying, “I sense a great disturbance in the warps.”
The indulgent smirk on Dean's face as Castiel sat in the front seat and buckled his seatbelt made him blush. Then he lifted his "dom brow", as he'd heard it referred to, and palmed Dean's thigh. "Shouldn't you be driving?"
Castiel took a moment to admire the beauty of Dean’s form, before touching a hand to Dean’s chest and running it over the freckled skin. Dean trembled under his touch, and made a tiny sound that Castiel thought sounded almost like a cat. The knowledge that he was the cause of this reaction in Dean - the strongest human he had ever known - was intoxicating.
Benny’s feeling awkward as fuck, and he’s not sure what to do. This is the second time this morning he’s come to get Dean and Cas, to tell them of their findings about Michael, but both times he’s heard something he shouldn’t.
he thought, shaking his head at the clueless idiot ruining his peace and quiet. Hopefully that would be the last he heard of that car while he was here.
With a sudden sense of urgency, Cas steps through the rift, with Dean following closely behind. He crouches down and puts his hand to the other Dean’s head, and his eyes glow that unearthly silvery-blue, but Dean can tell it’s too late. Other Dean doesn’t move, and after a few seconds Cas removes his hand and drops his head with a sigh.
“I’m sorry.” Castiel isn’t really sure why he’s apologizing, but it feels appropriate. “I wonder if Sam is even here. Something feels wrong.”
A flash of emotions flit across the hunter's face before he says, "'S okay, Benny. Just not sleeping well."
The guy rolled his eyes and dropped his bag on the porch. Castiel watched as his hand disappeared into the pocket of his very worn jeans. He wasn't sure what the interloper was reaching for, but was relieved when he pulled out his phone.
Castiel starts to react, and Balthazar rudely continues, " Yes, as a matter of fact, I do. I know a guy upstairs who has his finger on the pulse of the underworld. We just need to arrange a meeting."
They made quick work of it, and then Dean followed him out to his car to retrieve his groceries and his luggage.
“I’m sorry, Dean. But you know it was a noble sacrifice on his part. He knew what he was doing.” Castiel knows that this probably isn’t helping Dean’s guilt, but it’s worth a try,
I know we've said it so many times, N, but thank you for being so supportive and showing us so much love. We hope you get it back in spades!
Teasing the slit of Castiel's cock, Dean continued, "C'mon, Cas, I know you're close, baby. You're so fucking tight around me." There was a groan in his ear as Castiel intentionally clenched the muscles surrounding Dean's erection. His hunter pulled out and slammed back in harder and faster, creating a friction against Castiel's prostate that was making him forget whatever it was he had been objecting to.
He watched as Dean knocked down duck after duck, noticing that they were drawing a crowd. "Is anyone keeping count? I lost track at ten…" Dean trailed off, then stepped back and looked at Castiel with an arched brow.
Dean grabs his hand and drags them to the weapons room, leaving Kevin and some of the angels to guard Michael. Charlie’s already beat them there and is rigging up with a gun as big as she is. If he hadn't seen her in action before, he'd question her choice.
It’s bizarre for Castiel to see Bobby, Rufus, Ketch, Eileen, Ellen, Jo, Charlie, and Kevin, and not be able to talk to any of them. None of these people know who he is, but at least they aren’t giving him the looks of suspicion they’re throwing at Dean. His presence is clearly unnerving everyone there, and Castiel feels the need to stay as close to his friend as possible.
Dean is visibly upset at this point, and Castiel hurts for his friend. “Would you like to leave? We can take a walk until they’re finished saying goodbye.” He hopes Dean says yes, believing it will be easier to console Dean away from the gazes of the assembled mourners.
It was a Thursday night, and they were in their recently soundproofed bedroom. Sam had finally confessed that the headphones he had purchased were not working as well as advertised, and in an effort to make everyone more comfortable, Castiel had warded the walls with every silencing sigil he could find.
Dean laughed and leaned in to nuzzle his ear. "Maybe I should have given the tiger to you…" He turned to the man and did that finger gun motion he was so fond of. "Have a great night!"
"Hey, Bobby. Can you hear me?" There was a gruff grunt on the other end of the line and the man continued. "Yeah, good. I'm up at Jody and Donna's cabin for the week, and there's some-" a glance in Castiel's direction and another eye roll- "dude here who looks like he should be doing my taxes or flashing old ladies. Says he's rented the place for the week from a friend of a friend. You mind setting him straight for me?"
The first time had been about half an hour ago, and when he’d realized that Dean and Cas were having sex, he’d quickly turned to walk away. He'd suspected there was something between the two of 'em. They had that couple energy, though it felt kinda new. But what did he know? He is stopped in his tracks before he can walk away, however, when Cas says just about the hottest thing he’s ever heard.
Castiel loves that Benny is telling him this; that they were both prepared to say nothing if it hadn’t been for circumstances throwing them together. Or maybe it isn’t circumstance… maybe it's Dean.
Dean's breath hitched, head fell back against the seat, and he sucked his bottom lip between his teeth. "Jesus, Cas, feel free to never stop doing that."
Dean’s attempt to pull Castiel’s shirt free from his slacks had been successful, and his hands began roaming over Castiel’s back. The feel of them on his skin made him tremble.
"Fuck… yes, fuck," he gasps out, gripping the strands of Benny's hair tightly. This elicits a loud moan from him, but he doesn't let up.
Benny's face is a thing of beauty, at Cas's confession. He tunnels his fingers back into Cas's hair and tugs him forward, pressing their foreheads together. "I don't know what I did to deserve you in my life, but you'll always carry a piece of my heart, Cas."
Dean turns to face him, swiping a hand across his eyes. "That song… When we were in Purgatory, before we found you, I used to get worn out. You know what it was like there, always having to watch your back, never being able to let your guard down."
He gets moving once more, but as soon as he’s alone again something starts niggling at him. Cas hasn't replied to his prayer, and it's got him worried and pissed. If Lucifer betrayed them…
“He was a very good friend to you,” Castiel murmurs, glad to know that Benny was so good to Dean in his time of need.
Benny pushes into his grip and hikes Castiel's leg up higher. Pulling back from their kiss, Benny looks at him with heat in his eyes and whispers, "You think Dean will sleep through it if we're fucking right next to him?  Because this," he traces back up to the muscle of Castiel's backside, "is something I'm really havin' trouble resisting."
For an emotionless Ken doll, the angel sure sounds upset. Maybe the angels in this world aren’t a bunch of dicks; unlike the ones they’ve encountered in their world. Cas excepted… obviously.
“It seems Michael appeared to a nun in Portugal, asking to be honored.” Balthazar rolls his eyes at this. “So, one of her bones will do nicely. And lastly, we require an archangel blade. And I just so happen to have located one in a cemetery in India.”
“It was this song?” Castiel looks for verification for the strange coincidence. But then again… maybe it isn’t a coincidence at all. He wonders again at the connection between Dean and Benny as the song continues, Dean joining in with a shaky voice.
Dean's head whips around so fast Benny's concerned about whiplash. He turns back to Michael and growls out, "What have you done?"
Knowing that they are fantasizing over him as much as he is fantasizing about them… Well, he’d needed some private time after that. He’d locked himself in his room and promptly gotten himself off while Cas’s words played on a loop in his head.
Castiel had really wanted to save the other Dean; not least because seeing the man being stabbed, then lying on the floor dying, kept bringing back a painful memory. He’s never told Dean about the hundreds of Dean clones Naomi made him kill as part of his brainwashing, and he wonders if he will ever be free of the pain and the guilt associated with that memory.
"Lopping someone's head off with a machete isn't really a Hallmark card moment, you know?" Dean throws it out with so much self-hatred in his voice.
They'd spent hours having sex on every surface of the room. After making love on the bed, Benny had pulled Cas off the mattress and carried him over for a second round against the wall. Then he'd bent him over the table and fucked him rough, and that time Cas came on nothing but his cock. He'd taken him slow and sensual, pressed face first into the door. Put him on all fours and screwed him at the foot of the bed, where they could both watch Dean sleeping contentedly.
Dean gasped out, "I knew you were a toppy bastard the moment I met you in that barn." His breathing shuddered, and Castiel felt the car accelerate as Dean pressed his foot down on the gas pedal. "Jesus, Cas…"
he really didn’t want to think about that. Not with the man standing right in front of him, and the beginnings of an unwanted reaction in his pants. Nope.
"I need some water. And pie. I swear if Jack ate the rest of-" Dean pauses at the look of hesitation on Cas's face. "Sonuvabitch! Really?"
Castiel moans into it, and when Benny's fingers start pumping into him faster, the pleasure is almost too intense.
Dean's tongue traced over his bottom lip before he nipped at it lightly, then sucked it into his mouth.
Castiel needs something to push him over the precipice he’s been on for what seems like hours, and since Benny doesn’t want him to touch himself, maybe there’s another way. He takes hold of Benny’s free hand and brings it to his mouth; licking the palm and over the fingers. Benny watches him with a knowing expression, and once it’s nice and wet he allows Castiel to slip it between their bodies, to his aching cock.
Castiel was well aware that they were kissing in public, in front of a crowd of strangers, but he found it all too easy to get lost in kissing Dean Winchester. He slid his hands around to Dean’s back and pressed their bodies together briefly, before reluctantly breaking off the kiss. They needed to get out of here before they did something that could get them into trouble.
Before Dean reaches his destination, however, Cas is rounding the corner, brow furrowed in concern. As he takes in Dean’s appearance, his frown deepens, and he tilts his head. “Dean? I sensed your distress.”
The second POV of this chapter contains the murder husband vibes. Trigger warnings for torture, blood, gore, scarification, Dean utilizing skills he'd rather not, Benny getting turned on by it, sexual sadism, and dark headspace. Please let us know if you feel we missed anything.
Cas puts his arms around them both, and his voice is choked when he speaks. “I’m so sorry, Dean… Benny. There were so many demons, and we–”
Benny reaches over to steady Dean as he keeps thrusting into him, and Castiel's equal parts touched and turned on when the vampire caresses his hand over Dean's hip.
“While you were distracted by your frankly pathetic attempt at trapping me–” Michael looks down at the holy fire, but doesn’t step through. He might be calling it pathetic, but he’s not able to escape, “–my demons crept in and are currently combing this bunker for my blade. You think you can stop me? I am unstoppable!”
"Well, that doesn't really narrow it down much," Dean replies, full of sarcasm. "Chuck was bored as shit. He created a freakin' squirrel world, for cryin' out loud. What if this one–"
“So… arrange it.” Castiel fixes Balthazar with a glare, in the hopes that he’ll get down to business. “Please,” he adds for politeness.
Dean directs him down the hall in the direction he just came from, then prepares for the two demons he should be coming across next.
“I believe so,” he replied, feeling Dean take a step backwards and away from him. There was no time to mourn the loss of Dean being so close to him though, and he readied the gun and took aim again. Without Dean’s guiding hand Castiel’s shot wasn’t quite as direct as the previous two, but he hit the duck nevertheless.
Castiel knows it's a ruse, that Dean's grasping at the excuse to go, but as he doesn't really want to stay much longer, he lets him.
Castiel smiled and pulled as much of Dean around him as he could. As much as he loved the stuffed gifts Dean brought him, "just because", the hunter would always be his favorite teddy bear.
“Right, you beautiful people,” he starts, “we now know what we need to trap Michael, and how to kill him. We already have holy oil… that’s the easy part. But we also need one of Michael’s feathers. There are only two on earth; one in Norway, which would be very tricky because of the war, and one just outside Jerusalem.”
When they reached the car, Dean opened the back door and turned to Castiel. "Gimme the bear." Reluctant to let go, but knowing he couldn't very well carry it in the front seat, he surrendered his panda and watched as Dean placed it on the back passenger's seat and fastened the belt around it. "There. All nice and secure."
It wasn’t until the sun began to set again that he shook himself out of his self-pitying stupor, and realised he was hungry. He boiled himself some rice, and added a little sir fried chicken and vegetables, then ate it with all the enthusiasm of a dead fish.
Cas opens his mouth as if to speak, but no sound comes out. His expression turns to shock, as Dean follows his line of sight to see what Cas is staring at.
Dean looks at those blues and fesses up, like he does to very few. "The dream again. It's just getting worse, Cas."
Cas looks as if he’s about to respond to Dean, but is stopped by the presence of a couple of men standing in the doorway of the library.
Castiel understood that Dean was making a joke about not playing pool with him, but he hoped they could one day. He very much liked the idea of getting Dean to demonstrate the best way to hold the stick. Especially if he did it like this… so close that Castiel could feel the man’s body meld into his. He tried to do as Dean instructed, but his breath wasn’t steady so much as shaky. He felt Dean take in a breath with him and hold it, as Castiel pulled the trigger and the duck flew backwards.
He suppressed a shiver as Dean moved closer and positioned his arms. "Take the gun and brace it so the butt sits firmly in the cradle of your shoulder," Dean tapped to the right of his collarbone, "then line the sight up with your target. To compensate for the misaligned sight, you need to aim about a centimeter to your left. Got it?"
Castiel is so focused on how Benny is igniting something inside of him, all he can do is nod mutely.
"Damn, sugar, you got a mouth made for sin." The vampire moans into his inner thigh, as he moves back from where he was tongue-fucking Castiel. He crawls up Castiel's body and kisses along the column of his neck, then starts slowly rubbing the pads of his fingers over Castiel's tongue.
"I'm not buying it, dude," Dean huffed out, obviously upset. "The moment I started talking about Dr. Sexy, you got squirrely. And the implication I'm attracted to the guy made you run from the room. Just say if you aren't cool with it, man. Because I'm not going to stay here with some prejudiced-"
Castiel realised that by saying this he was acknowledging to himself that he wouldn’t be going home tomorrow, but it would be okay, wouldn’t it? He and Dean might be different, but they could be civilised.
When they arrive at the cemetery, it quickly becomes obvious that the tomb they’re looking for is being guarded.
Castiel doesn’t know what his thoughts about the vampire mean, but he knows he would like to hold onto him this time.
Castiel startled, and nearly dropped the spatula. “Sorry, er…” Dean was gazing expectantly at him, and those eyes were so green. “Gregg… egg noodles. Egg, please.”
“Don’t come cryin’ to me when it doesn't work,” Dean mutters under his breath, and judging by the non-reaction in the room, only Cas and Benny heard it.
No it wasn’t, but this felt just as earth-shattering though. Turning his attention back to the task at hand, Castiel decided to deal with the way he had reacted to Dean’s touch later. Within a matter of seconds the final two shots had been fired and the ducks obliterated.
A couple minutes later, he comes across Ellen as she's dispatching her own group of enemies, completely unassisted. He's not ashamed to admit, it's kinda hot watching her work.
After reheating the water and mixing in the coffee granules, he added some milk, then trudged over to the sofa. He lost track of how long he sat there, going over and over last night in his mind, and wishing he could go back and change it.
Once he and Balthazar have dropped Bobby and Rufus off in Portugal, they fly to the Sewri Christian Cemetery in Mumbai to retrieve the archangel blade. In theory, this should be a simple mission, but when has anything in their lives ever been simple?
"Oh, Cassie! Let's enjoy the culture while we're here. Have some of these delectable–" Balthazar scans the menu on the table. "Pakora and a chai."
He loses the ability to think words, so the dirty talk is going to have to be shelved for now, because damn… that mouth and those hands. He bucks his hips up sharply, causing the mattress to shake as Dean mumbles something in his sleep.
"I am so sorry," he said apologetically, using his grace to clean them up. “My intention was not to damage your car.”
So he attempts to shake it off as best he can, pushes it to the back of his mind as something to not examine later, and schools his expression before rapping his knuckles on the door.
Holding back the tears until he made it to the bedroom, Castiel had the shittiest night’s sleep he could remember. It didn’t matter that it was a proper bed, he was uncomfortable, both in body and soul.
"Fuck, Cas, you're so goddamn sexy. Can't wait to feel you come all over me. Wanna know how you sound when you fall apart. Need to see you, please? Let me see those gorgeous fucking eyes while you spill across my hand? Please, baby?"
Lifting his hips, Dean pushed his jeans down as much as he could, given Castiel's position. His underwear were tented, and Castiel reached out to slowly pull the waistband down.
As he finished cooking the chicken and vegetables, adding some soy sauce for taste, Dean prepared the noodles. They worked side by side in a comfortable silence, and Castiel noticed that although Dean had been the one to complain about personal space earlier, it was he who seemed to be more prone to bumping into Castiel.
Castiel smiles and falls into step beside Dean. Perhaps they can all help each other, in more ways than one.
“Is that good?” Castiel asks, noting how the vampire gasps each time he hits that spot with his grace.
The other man gave him a confused look before asking, "Did I say something wrong? Or is it the Dr. Sexy thing? Because if you were lying earlier and the idea of two dudes being together really does bother you, then this isn't going to work."
Dean snuggles his head into Benny's neck, then his words must register because those gorgeous green eyes finally focus, and Benny nods in Cas's direction.
Cas slowly pulls away and a tiny smile appears at the corners of his mouth; if Dean wasn’t allergic to such things, he might even describe it as radiant.
He let out a particularly loud cry as Dean slammed into his prostate, then leaned over him and bit his earlobe. "It's just a stuffed lion, babe. He can't actually see us."
Since coming to this world, Castiel has experienced a lot of firsts; first time kissing Dean, first time having sex with Dean, first time realizing that he really gets a kick out of seeing Dean being fucked by Benny, and first time kissing Benny.
He'd loved his Dean with a purity that transcended their relationship. But he's finding he's got room in his heart for more, and these two… well, they feel like home.
The smile Benny offers is anything but decent. The vampire leans in and growls in his ear, "You know, with the things I've heard… the way you took Dean apart while this mouth of yours talked such glorious filth… Well, I didn't expect you to be so adorably innocent."
By the third day, he realised that he wasn’t going to put Dean out of his mind while he was still in the cabin, so by midday he’d loaded his car back up and was ready to hit the road. Before he left, he tried calling Donna to tell her he was leaving, but it appeared she really did have no signal.
In the back of his mind, he realizes that the vampire had been trying to get him to engage in some dirty talk, so with a monumental effort, considering what that tongue is doing, he grits out, "Are you going to swallow me down? Let me fuck your mouth until you choke?"
Taking in a shaky breath, Dean steps forward, wanting with everything in him to reach out and pull Benny into a hug. But he resists. This isn't his Benny.
“No,” Castiel admits, hoping Benny won’t decide not to fuck him. “I never wanted it until… I watched you with Dean.” He thinks for a moment and wonders if he can change Benny’s mind. “I could use my grace to open myself up… to make it easier for you.”
Castiel blinked at Dean, wondering what he meant for a second until he realised. “Oh no, it’s not a problem for me. I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation.”
The vampire’s movements are speeding up incrementally, but when Castiel clenches around Benny’s dick, he shudders and momentarily stills.
Balthazar looks suitably chagrined, as Castiel begins to wonder if they do have a traitor in their midst… and if they do, are Dean and Benny in danger?
He traces a single fingertip down the underside of Castiel's dick, and it makes Castiel arch up, trying to gain as much contact as possible.
Inias shoots Balthazar a seething look and turns back to Castiel. "You must have tipped Michael off somehow. He's warning all of us of what will happen to those who interfere with his plans."
It was the most amazing sex he'd ever had. They finally called it a night after Benny noticed Dean was starting to get agitated.
"It's better that it works out like this anyway. The episode of Dr. Sexy is supposed to get pretty hot, if the trailers are to be trusted." Dean waggled his eyebrows in a ridiculous manner, and it made Castiel laugh.
The vampire pushes his wet fingers into Castiel's channel and strokes along his walls as he pumps them in and out with unfaltering rhythm. It's horrible and amazing, and the feel of that thickness spreading him open, getting him ready for Benny's cock, is the sweetest torment.
Michael’s mask slips, and his face contorts with fury. “You know how much your father loves you and Sam? He believed my story about Sam allowing Lucifer to possess him after becoming hooked on demon blood, and…” He pauses for dramatic effect, a maniacal grin spreading over his face, “it was Sam who killed Dean. What a loving, trusting family the Winchesters are… John took no convincing at all.”
Castiel looks to Balthazar in an attempt to gauge whether he should tell Inias what they want the blade for. Unfortunately, Balthazar is busy flirting with the waiter as he places the food on the table, and pays Castiel no attention. The angel really is incorrigible.
"Very experienced shooter. Yeah, you got that right. But I'm gonna do my best." Dean took aim and hit another, then another. "You must be my lucky charm, angel."
"I think we have to try. I don't know what's going on here with Sam, but if Lucifer's really wearing him to prom, then yeah. We've got to try."
“I believe you are up to fifteen now,” Castiel said, noting how triumphant he sounded. That would teach the owner - who was looking none too pleased now - to take people’s money for a game most people couldn’t win.
Cas holds his hand out as a glow starts to emanate from his fingers, in an obvious attempt to keep the rift open, but it doesn’t work. They’re well and truly stuck, and for a few moments they both stare at the empty space as if willing it to return.
Castiel sat down next to him and grimaced. It was indeed lumpy as hell. “Are you sure you can sleep on this? I don’t think it’s a very good idea.” At least Jody wasn’t intentionally allowing them both to stay, leaving one of them to sleep on this sofa, Castiel mused.
"You said you want me to taste you, mark you," Benny comments, then sucks hard at the skin under his teeth.
He watched as the guy opened the back door of his admittedly gorgeous car, pulled out a large duffle bag and slung it over his shoulder, then slammed the door shut.
Stunned at the sheer hedonism of what they’re doing, and the way Benny is breaking him into tiny pieces, he finds himself unable to form words; all he can do is stare up at the vampire with a pleading expression. It seems Benny takes pity on him because – finally – he pulls his fingers out of Castiel’s ass and painstakingly slowly replaces them with his cock.
“But… that isn’t very fair,” Castiel replied, feeling belligerent. “How am I supposed to win the panda if it’s rigged?” He shot a scowl at the stall owner for good measure.
Dean is staring at Cas, and when he speaks, his voice is cracking. “You said you wouldn’t leave me.”
Following the man inside, he took in their surroundings. It was a nicely furnished cabin, with a sofa and a couple of armchairs, an adjacent kitchen area, and two doors leading off from the living room. It looked like there was enough space for the two of them, so maybe it would work out okay.
Dean sighs, squeezes the bridge of his nose, and quietly says, "Why couldn't it have been squirrel world?"
"Shit." He can't say the sight of himself dying is anything other than unnerving as hell, and from Cas's reaction, the angel is just as messed up about it. "What do we do? He was obviously fighting someone, but I don't see anyone around."
With a smarmy smile and salacious wink, Balthazar says, "Oh, Cassie, I know a lot of guys. But Inias… well, Inias is a special friend."
Castiel came to the conclusion that the sensation of Dean’s hand, plus the friction of their erections rubbing together must actually be mind blowing. He could focus on nothing but the feeling that was building inside him, and the movement of Dean’s hand. He was only vaguely aware of the noises he was making, and the increasing volume of said noises.
"This isn't my father. My father wasn't a great man, but I know he loved me. Died for me. You're riding around in a man I don't know. But from what I've been told, he would only have said yes to you if he thought there was no other way to keep his sons alive. Which still makes your play weak. Because if you lied to him about Dean and Sam, told him Sam was the one who killed Dean, it still means the only reason a Winchester said yes to you is because you weren't strong enough to convince him without manipulation." Dean scoffs in his face. "You're the weakest version of Michael I've had the displeasure of meeting."
When another demon runs towards him, and he uses the first one as a shield before shooting the second one, he knows he’s screwed. He needs to get to the kitchen right the fuck now, before something happens to Benny. And where the fuck is Cas?
The angel grabs a box of matches and a bottle of water from the bench holding the holy oil. Everyone watches as Chamuel strikes flame to the head, then tosses the stick to the ground behind Lucifer.
Benny dives in for a kiss, and it's full of all the things they're not saying. There's a desperation tempered by learned control, as Benny ravishes his mouth.
“Would you keep an eye on him?” Cas asks Benny, nodding in the direction of Dean’s departure. “He isn’t in a good place at the moment.”
"Already so hard for me, cher," Benny murmurs into Castiel's chest, and curls his fingers around his aching length.
“Not hiding… waiting for my opportunity.” Lucifer moves closer to his brother, unruffled by Michael’s taunt. “Your hatred has made you blind, and I feel sorry for you.”
Dean had Castiel bent over the end of his bed and was thrusting into him vigorously. Castiel was moaning, absolutely loving the feel of Dean inside him.
“Yes. It’s been quite difficult for everyone.” Of course, some of their experiences in this world have been the opposite of difficult, but Castiel isn’t about to tell Inias that.
He could feel Dean chuckling as he stepped in closer. "Remind me to never play pool with you." Then Dean's hands traced over his, making minute adjustments to the positioning of his fingers. He felt the front of the hunter's body lined up with his, and his breath was ghosting against Castiel's temple. "Line up your shot - remember, a centimeter to the left - then take a steadying breath and gently pull the trigger."
His guardian angel must have been cleaning while he slept. He smiles a little, affection dimpling his cheek.
Castiel came back down as Dean spilled inside him, teeth sunk into his shoulder. He fell to the mattress, avoiding the pool of his ejaculate and said, "That was a dirty trick. You know I can't resist when you call me 'love'."
Castiel was mortified; the thought of Dean thinking that he could be homophobic in any way was too awful to contemplate. “No. No… that isn’t it at all. Quite the opposite, in fact.” He looked at Dean pointedly to let that sink in.
Castiel raised his eyebrow again, which earned him a sharp intake of breath from Dean. “I think you should put your seatbelt on and drive to the bunker right now,” he said, as he slid his hand over the seat and lightly brushed his fingertip along the side of Dean’s thigh.
There's a goddamn rift opening at the other end of the hall. On the other side, Dean can't see anything but a mirror of the hall they're currently standing in. And it's weird – they've never been able to see through a rift before.
Castiel rolled his eyes at the panda, which was in his way once more. “I’m sorry, Inias,” he said as he removed the stuffed toy from the front seat and situated him in the back again. “I promise not to cover you with my clothing again.”
Michael’s wings flare out behind him threateningly, and Castiel exchanges a nervous glance with Chamuel. They hadn’t expected Michael to give up easily, but they also hadn’t expected this to happen either.
Benny turns to one of the angels and asks him to let the rest of the bunker's residents know. Then he falls in line, and glances over at Dean. "We're going to give our Dean a proper send off. If anyone deserves it, he does. But when we're done, I think we all need to talk."
He caressed Dean’s cheek with his own as he manoeuvred himself so that they were face to face once more, then closed his eyes as he felt Dean surge forward to capture his mouth in a real kiss. This one was so much more than the first; more passionate, more sensual. Castiel slipped his hands around to Dean’s back and pulled him closer, as Dean parted his lips with his tongue.
Not a second later his question is answered, as the main lights flicker and turn off, to be instantly replaced by the red emergency lights.
Something crosses Benny's features fleetingly, gone before Castiel can figure it out, and Benny looks him in the eyes with longing. "I'm gonna take you apart. Make you scream my name." He leans in and softly adds, "Gonna make you remember me, Cas."
And Dean can't deny him that. He steps forward to grasp his shoulder but stops, hand in mid-air. He gulps and points to the hall instead. "This way."
Benny sinks to his knees. "Damn, brother. What happened? You were just supposed to be out making the rounds."
We started the fic with thanks to the people who helped us, but now we want to thank you… our readers.
"Fuck, Cas! That's so amazing. You're driving me crazy!" He starts fucking into Castiel relentlessly, stimulating his prostate from both sides. "Come for me, sweetheart. Come for me so I can fill you up, please?"
Dean clutches at him and whispers, "I'm so tired of losing people, Cas. And seeing all those faces around that fire… It's like a literal stab to the heart. There's so much loss there, man, and those people don't even know."
Michael steps to the edge of the circle, just out of the flames' reach, eyes a cold, icy blue contrast to the fire. "Hello, son. Though, you're not really
Dean let go of the seat and reached up to draw Castiel into another kiss. It was slow and easy, as Dean trailed his hands down his back to tease at the edge of his pants. "Off, please," he whispered against Castiel's lips.
Balthazar clicks his tongue. “So impatient, aren’t we, Castiel? As I said, we need to arrange a meeting with Inias.”
Dean nods, though he feels a bit guilty admitting it. I mean, Cas is his best friend, and he doesn't want the angel to feel like he's less important than he is.
"No, but if you think I'm letting go of you anytime soon…" Dean tries to play it off like he's joking, but his words are real, and he's not ready.
Right on cue, Sariel returns with Benny in tow. The vampire’s face lights up with a smile at the sight of Dean, although there is no recognition for Cas.
Well, this sounded infinitely better than them not talking for a week, so Castiel followed Dean back outside and waited patiently to be handed a bag. They walked back into the house and placed the bags on the kitchen counter, then Castiel watched Dean as he unpacked them.
Benny’s fingers had been magical, but that thick, hard erection is something else entirely. As it pushes inside him, inch by glorious inch, Castiel feels like it’s splitting him apart. He realizes he’s holding his breath, and Benny’s gazing down at him, watching his expression carefully.
With a scream that he knows Benny will love, his orgasm is ripped from him. He spills over Benny's hand and his own stomach, arching his back off the bed, and somehow taking Benny even deeper.
He didn’t want to ruin Jody and Donna’s knives, so he opened another drawer, and was relieved to find what he was looking for. Once he’d popped the cap off his bottle, he took a sip, feeling like he’d earned it.
It’s a strange thought, but it occurs to Castiel that of all the alternative worlds they’ve encountered, this is the first time they’ve met either of the Winchesters. But it’s sobering to think that Dean was dying when they stepped through, and Sam is under the influence of a demon. Something is very different about their lives here, but he can’t put his finger on what that might be.
The distaste is evident in Lucifer's tone as he almost spits, "There is nothing about you that I aspire to. Our father commanded all of Heaven to love His new children more than Himself, and you have gone against his word."
"Like that… yes-s-s," he hisses when Benny gives another hard suck. He desperately wants some friction on his cock, but he doesn't want this to stop either.
“Bring me to him,” the angel commands, before turning to the other angel. “Sariel, find Benny. Tell him… tell him we must speak with him.”
As Dean slowly ground against him, Castiel let out a gasp, then crushed their mouths together in a kiss that quickly had them both panting.
Castiel can feel Benny's chest rumble with the growl his gesture elicits. "You gonna let me fuck this tight hole, angel? Somehow I don't think Dean's been tappin' it," he adds with a devilish smirk.
He and Dean both grab guns and knives and holsters, then his hunter turns to him and grasps him by the back of the neck, puts their foreheads together.
It hurts Castiel to see the look of suspicion still on Inias's face, but his next words are slightly less hostile. "If you didn't see who was wielding the spear before it was thrown, but you," he turns to Balthazar, "have confirmed Michael's presence, did it occur to none of you to wonder whose vessel he was using?"
“I also have groceries. In my trunk. I didn’t have time to unload my car before… before you arrived. Maybe you would help me with them once you’ve finished here?”
Quietly, and with great reverence, they lay Dean’s body on the ground, then they begin collecting firewood for the pyre. As they work, more people appear; other residents of the bunker, some familiar, some not.
Castiel stood staring at him, head tilted in question, and eventually Dean settled enough to respond.
Dean surged up and growled in his ear, "Then you're going to love this." Castiel felt his hunter's hand loosen just enough to brush his own erection against the flesh he was already holding. He encircled both as much as he could in his fist, then slowly resumed stroking.
Cas doesn’t stop riding him; seemingly full of a renewed determination to get them both off. His eyes are hooded and his cock is red and glistening at the tip. He runs his hands over Benny’s chest, thumbing at his nipples until they’re hard.
Benny loses his rhythm as he snaps his hips faster. The sound of their flesh slapping together is so loud, it's echoing off the walls, and drowning out Benny's grunts of passion.
Benny gives them both gentle pats on the shoulder. "Okay, but if either of you need to cut out, I'll make it perfectly clear to the crew that they don't get to hold it against you, ya’ hear?"
Benny sucks his cock down until it's pushing at the back of his throat. He looks up Castiel's body then swallows around his length, the resistance lessening.
“Fuck,” Dean mutters, and Castiel is immensely grateful for the flames that are stopping the hunter from jumping into the fight.
With a heavy heart, he drove away, hoping to put this whole sorry mess as far behind him as the cabin.
It's like a knife to his heart. The red lights already had him on edge, and knowing there are demons in the bunker… but Benny's words?
Of course it had been a mistake… After all, he realizes belatedly, he hadn’t heard anything from Dean in reply to Cas’s words
“Yes,” Castiel said, getting into the feel of the weapon in his hand, and his best friend guiding him expertly. Raising the gun and steadying the butt on his shoulder once more, Castiel fired the next shot. The satisfying clang of the pellet hitting its target brought a smile to his face. “This is fun,” he said.
Benny hollows out his cheeks, taking the rest of Castiel's cock down his throat, and it's so good. He scratches at Benny's scalp, then traces his fingers down behind Benny's ear to his jaw stretched so wide around him. Castiel trails his fingertips over the bulge of his dick in Benny's throat and they both groan.
“Uh, uh… that’s mine,” he reprimands, with a teasing tone. Castiel is totally at Benny’s mercy, and wants him to know it.
As the three of them instinctively press closer together, a chuckle comes from Benny, squished at the bottom of the pile. “Hey, are you guys tryin’ to suffocate me?”
Dean stirs, and Benny's honestly surprised the hunter slept through all of their sexcapades the night before. Stroking fingers through his hair, Benny kisses Dean's forehead, then pets his hands down his neck and shoulders.
Castiel turns his head to look at Dean, astonished to see that he slept through Benny fucking his brains out. “How is Dean still asleep?” he asks. “I bet we could fuck all night and he wouldn’t wake up.”
He becomes aware that each time Benny thrusts into him, he’s grinding his hips in circles in an attempt to get him deeper.
“I think that would become uncomfortable after a while,” Castiel smiled, knowing full well how it made Dean feel when he took everything so literally. “You wouldn’t want this pretty appendage to fall off now, would you?” He sped up his movements as he spoke, noting how Dean’s cock was becoming more slippery as he became more aroused. Deciding that he needed even more lubrication, however, Castiel stopped to lick his palm before resuming his motions.
“I agree. And no more losing people.” Castiel pulls back from Dean, and gives him a hopeful smile. “It sounds like the funeral is over. Would you like to go back to the bunker?”
Castiel stepped forward and answered before the stranger had a chance to ask him either of those questions. “My name is Castiel, and my co-worker Donna arranged it with Jody. I have the receipt, to prove-”
Just as the situation with Dean seemed to be improving, this had happened, and now, what? They would fight for use of the bed? That sofa didn’t look very comfortable to sleep on, and Castiel really needed a good night’s sleep. He’d already ruled out going back home, so… how were they going to resolve this?
Dean inhaled deeply and used his turn signal to indicate he was changing lanes. After a few minutes, he veered off at a tree-lined drive and pulled into an area concealed from the main road. Parked, his seatbelt unfastened, Dean quickly opened his door and moved to get in the back seat.
The man got out and narrowed his eyes at Castiel. He didn’t look too pleased, so… obviously not here to fix something.
"I know you're eager to get back to your paramour, but I believe we need to retreat until we have more info."
Overhearing the two very different scenarios makes him wonder what's actually going on with them. But it's not his place, not his relationship. He just needs to make sure neither Dean nor Cas ever find out what he heard.
The vampire’s mouth is as talented as he thought it would be, and as their kiss becomes more passionate, he feels his dick perking up again. He’s slightly surprised by it; after he masturbated so frantically to the sexy scenes he witnessed, he wondered if it might take a long time before he got hard again.
Almost the moment the waiter has gone back inside the cafe, Inias appears in one of the empty seats. Castiel can’t help the smile that breaks out at the sight of him, even though he knows Inias won’t recognize him.
So Benny likes to watch too. Castiel is going to make sure he and Dean give him a show sometime, but he wishes he could see what Benny can right now; him being filled over and over again. He can feel it though, and that feeling is enough for the moment. “S-s-so much." He squirms, running his thumb around Benny’s rim as his finger goes deeper.
“Ohh, really? That’s very interesting information. I had no idea you like to be dominated…” Castiel purposefully placed emphasis on that last word. “Maybe I should tell you to pull over on the next available side road and get into the backseat? How would you respond to that?” His hand had now reached the bulge in Dean’s jeans, but he barely grazed it over the cloth.
“Balthazar,” Inias says with a hell of a lot less enthusiasm, before staring at Castiel. “You’re an angel. Why don’t I recognize you?”
Castiel does as Benny requests, and Benny slams into him at the same time. It leaves them both panting, and they stop moving again, eyes locked on one another.
"Shit, this thing is lumpy. Jody needs to get something new if she's gonna be inviting people to stay here," Dean grumbled.
After closing the door, Dean turned to him and backed him against the car. Castiel was trapped between the cool chrome of the car’s bodywork and the firm muscly body of his favourite human, but he didn’t mind one bit. The intensity of their situation was intoxicating, as they gazed into one another’s eyes, until Dean took hold of Castiel’s tie and pulled him forward so that their lips were barely brushing.
