Being on stage is familiar now, but his stomach still churns as he slips his clothes off. It’s not getting naked in front of the crowd that bothers him; it’s the anticipation of what he knows is to come.
There’s a lot of time for Castiel to change his mind while they discuss these things. He could realize that Dean isn’t up to his standards and call it off.
“Actually, could I use you as a reference? I haven’t worked in a while and all of mine are outdated.”
While Castiel waits for Dean to back away from the precipice of pleasure he kisses down his thigh, over his knee, his ankle, and down to the tip of his toes. He licks a long line up the bottom of Dean’s foot and Dean yanks his foot back reflexively. It feels weird and a little gross, but it also tickles.
“I got in a lot of trouble at school, the usual teenage rebellion stage, y’know? But straightened out when I realized it would affect Sammy’s life. Worked my ass off to get high enough grades to make it into college so I could help provide for Sam. He’s so damn smart. Smartest kid I’ve ever met. Didn’t even need me to help him out: he got himself a full ride. Universities were practically fighting over him.”
Dean finishes his burger quickly. He hadn’t realized just how hungry he’d been. Now he picks at what’s left of his fries and watches Castiel finish his burger.
Dean looks at the clock and realizes it’s past noon and he still hasn’t eaten anything. He had a coffee not too long ago though, and he’s not very hungry. But he heads to the kitchen anyway and heats a can of soup on the stove.
He grinds his ass down into the mattress to feel the rope rub against his skin again and to jostle the plug. Dean does it again and again, chasing the brief moment of pleasure the movement brings. He stops when he notices Castiel beginning to undress.
The woman glances over at the bar and Castiel follows her gaze to find Alastair sitting on a stool near the end of the bar, laughing and clapping the man beside him on the back. “Shouldn’t you call the cops or something and let them handle it?”
Dean comes up behind Castiel and places the mug on the desk. He wraps his arms around Castiel and leans down to kiss along his neck.
“I’m getting close.” He can feel himself throbbing under the sweatpants, leaking drops of precome that smear onto the scratchy material rubbing over his length.
“No. I didn’t call the police. I changed the locks and replaced what she took. She’s a good person.”
“Y’know what, keep the change.” The man stuffs the handful of leftover bills and coins into the tip jar beside the register. “You’re probably the best fuck around.”
“I’m a useless whore!” Dean yells and gets a round of jeers from the audience, reminding him of their presence.
The man takes a step towards Dean, absolutely fuming, but one of his friends grabs him. “Dude, don’t you know who he belongs to? Let’s just get outta here.”
“Oh that’s right,” Castiel muses from where he kneels behind Dean, “I also said I was going to drive you beyond begging, beyond words.”
When he finally does step into the room, Castiel comes to stand in front of Dean. “How many rules do I have?”
CAS: My flight gets in at noon tomorrow. If you’re already wearing the cock cage when I get home your punishment won’t be as severe. I’m sure you saw it while you were rifling through the closet.
Dean nods, still catching his breath. His entire body is on fire, burning with need. Even the lightest touch could send him over the edge now.
Dean blushes and shakes his head. He can’t tell Castiel that he wants to be broken down to nothing until the only thing he knows is Castiel. He wants to be taken to that delicious floating place where he doesn’t have to think, where there’s no stress, where there’s nothing.
“There we go.” Castiel removes the arm holding him down and Dean relaxes further. “How are you feeling?”
Fingers wind into the back of Dean’s shirt and yank, fabric tearing. He stumbles and falls against Alastair’s body and nearly retches when he feels the hard length of his erection pressing against him through both their jeans.
Castiel gazes at him with an amused grin, but leans down and says, “I love you,” and kisses Dean’s forehead. “I love you,” he says as he kisses Dean’s cheek, then the other. “I love you.” Castiel peppers Dean’s face in kisses until Dean’s laughing, telling him to quit it already, but secretly hoping Castiel will never stop.
He’s gone less than a minute, returning to his spot in front of Dean with a pink dildo in one hand and something small and metal in the other. Castiel places the dildo on the counter, then kneels down in front of Dean.
“I already told you to stop spending money on me. The last thing I want is for you to think for even a second that I’m with you for any other reason than that I love you.”
“If it were up to me, I wouldn’t. Or at least I’d bring you with me. Then maybe I could keep you out of trouble.”
“Maybe not, but the relationship you have now with Castiel is still similar to the one you had with Alastair in terms of the whole Dom/sub dynamic. This type of play is like an addiction. It causes a sort of high, but when you have a Dom that doesn’t know how, or refuses to properly care for a sub after the play is over you drop from that high and crave more, always looking forward to the next dose, or in this case, scene. The play turns from something healthy to something harmful.”
When Castiel enters, Dean is up to his chin in the tub. He catches himself staring and averts his gaze from Dean’s naked body, distorted beneath the rippling water. His trench coat is neatly folded on the lid of the toilet and he can feel Dean’s eyes on his back as he bends to pick it up, replacing it with the towel and change of clothes.
Castiel keeps an eye on the door as he moves briskly across the room, but the only thing in the drawer is a crumpled condom wrapper and a layer of dust.
Dean turns to see Castiel seated on the couch, a handful of popcorn on the way to his mouth. “Hey,” he cries, and Castiel looks up at him, halting the popcorn in its tracks, “Not until the movie starts.”
Dean shudders as Alastair runs a cube of ice from his drink down his neck then up to trace along his lips.
Castiel stops and turns to Dean. He sighs and puts the knife down, leaving a bell pepper half-chopped on the cutting board. “You heard that, huh?”
“There are six of us in total. Michael, Ishim, and Gabriel, my older brothers. Then there’s Balthazar and Anna, my younger siblings.”
Dean tries to kiss back, but his jaw is tired so he just lets Castiel slip his tongue in, licking along the roof of his mouth.
Dean yelps when Castiel pinches his ass, more in surprise than pain. Though it does hurt, a sharp pain like a bee sting or the prick of a needle that quickly dissipates, unlike the continuous ache Castiel paints over his ass and thighs.
As breakfast progresses Castiel comes to life more and by the time they’re loading the dishwasher he’s giving Dean more than one-word answers and actually contributing to the conversation.
“I don’t need your help. I don’t need you to take care of me. And I sure as Hell don’t want to talk about my messed up past with you.”
The room is silent as Castiel circles Dean slowly, trailing light, barely-there touches across his naked flesh and making Dean shiver.
She leans in and whispers in his ear, something that makes the young sub shudder.  His eyes open and find Dean’s, but soon he’s throwing his head back as his Mistress tweaks at a nipple and runs her nails down his thighs. The Mistress captures her sub’s mouth and Dean watches only a minute longer as they become more passionate and seem to forget about their audience.
“But if I put it down as a hard limit, then…” Dean gestures at the list still on the computer screen and trails off.
He takes a breath. “But what scares me more is whatever the hell’s happening between us. I’m scared of how much I
It would be nice to get out and explore this part of the city. At the very least it would keep him occupied for a little bit. Dean slips on one of Castiel’s many coats from the closet and pulls on a pair of Castiel’s boots.
“Perhaps there need to be repercussions for your actions, then.” Castiel slaps him playfully on the ass, his hand lingering to rub over his jeans. Dean wiggles his butt in Castiel’s grasp and giggles when he’s rewarded with another swat.
Castiel pulls Dean close, sliding him onto his lap and into a kiss, smiling as he speaks against Dean’s lips, “I said I love you, Dean Winchester.”
“Me too,” Castiel says, and Dean swears he can feel the air crackle between them as Castiel inches closer.
Castiel shifts, trying to get more comfortable in his wrinkled work clothes without disturbing Dean too much. But as he moves Dean’s erection slides against Castiel’s leg and he gasps, pushing is hips forward, chasing the contact and Castiel chuckles.
Dean’s never been a fan of sharing a bed with his partners: they hog the blanket, there are limbs everywhere and he’s always hyper-aware of each time he makes the mattress shift, worried about disturbing the person trying to sleep next to him.
Castiel groans against Dean’s skin. “Can you? Think you can come just from the sound of my voice? Imagining what I’m going to do to you? Fuck, that’s so hot, Dean. You’re so good, such a good boy.”
Dean pushes the memories away and readjusts himself on the couch to get comfortable before going back to the list. Mummification, single-tail whips, and watersports also go in the hard limit section.
“And in case I haven’t made myself clear,” Castiel murmurs as they separate, his eyes tracking the movement as Dean’s tongue darts out to lick his lips, “I still want this, still want you. Nothing that happened last night has changed anything.”
Dean just hums, thinking over Castiel’s words. It’s the exact opposite of everything he believes. Of everything he was raised to believe.
Dean smells the scotch on Castiel’s breath before he hears him say, “You’re incredible.” And Dean opens his eyes and Castiel is smiling at him, reaching out to rest a hand on Dean’s waist, and when Dean doesn’t protest the touch, pulls him closer until he’s nearly in Castiel’s lap in the middle of the bar.
Castiel steps back, but Dean just follows, slipping off the bed to his feet. “Dean,” Castiel groans, “We need to talk first, before we go any further. I’ve been meaning to bring it up, but work’s been keeping me busy.”
Dean’s so caught up in his thoughts that he doesn’t hear Castiel come home, or even knock on his open door before coming into the bedroom.
After a minute Castiel lowers his hands slowly and says, “I’m going to go change my shirt. Are you okay?” Dean nods. “Okay, I’ll be right back.”
Tessa looks out at the line of people still waiting to be served. “Y’know what, you’re hired. Be here tomorrow for eight. As much as I’d love the help right this minute, I don’t have time to train you and serve customers at the same time. You’d just end up slowing me down.”
Dean’s not sure he’s going to fulfil Castiel’s fantasy of wearing nothing but panties, but he does leave the store with enough for every day of the week. Just in case.
Castiel smiles at him and lifts the collar out of the box. He leans forward to wrap it around Dean’s neck, the clink of the buckle making Dean shiver as Castiel fastens it just tight enough to feel the comforting weight of it rest against his throat.
“As many as the human body allows. But I usually have backup here. As luck would have it, I just had to fire one of my employees for stealing from the register and the other is out sick with the flu. I would’ve called her in, but she was here yesterday when it started.” She grimaces. “Chunks everywhere.”
Castiel straightens, withdrawing his hand and leaving Dean feeling suddenly cold. “Mine, for example, is usually Hemingway, but I want you to pick something that works for you.”
A flurry of bees is making a hive in Dean’s stomach. He shifts his weight from one foot to the other as he stares at the chips and cracks in the wood grain of the door, waiting.
“You’re wrong,” Dean chokes out, “I’m nothing. I’m broken and dirty and—” A sob wracks his body and he wipes his nose on his arm, hiccupping as Castiel’s hands turn soft.
“I’m glad you’re here, Castiel.” Alastair crosses his arms across his chest and looks down at Castiel and Dean as if they were dirt beneath his boot.
The thought of Alastair driving the Impala sets his blood boiling. Vandalism was one thing. He could replace broken parts, buff out scratches and dents, but there was no way to untaint it once Alastair even so much as sat inside it.
“Change of plans.” Castiel bends down to spread the grains out a bit. “You are going to kneel here for five minutes.”
“Did you think—Dean, your safeword is always an option. That’s why I always make sure to check in with you before we do anything and ask your safeword.” Castiel’s hand stills in Dean’s hair. “Are there any other times you would have safeworded, but didn’t?”
One movie blends into another and soon Dean is waking up hours later on the couch with a kink in his neck from falling asleep in a weird position. He rolls his shoulders as he sits up, his joints popping as he stretches.
Thank you so much for your patience! If you've been waiting for an update, I apologize! It took me longer than I thought to update this. Obviously. The next one will come sooner than a year, I already have a quarter of the next chapter laid out because this chapter was supposed to be longer but the word count got away from me a little bit there.
Dean punches it into the register and reads the total off to the man who finally looks up long enough to pay for his drink.
Dean wants to sub for Castiel, would be doing it now if they didn’t have to talk first, but what if Castiel was only interested in dating? Dean’s out of practice with regular relationships as well; the last real relationship he had ended during his first year of university, but at least he knows how those are supposed to work.
“Don’t wanna,” Dean mumbles. Extra intense orgasms also mean being extra tired afterwards, apparently.
Dean tries. He tries to be good for his Master but his body won’t stop spasming as Alastair pushes the entire ice cube into his ass. “Please!” he gasps, “It’s too cold, please Master get it out, get it out, it hurts, it’s too cold.”
He’s been so reckless. His Dom was going to be here tonight. If he sees Dean talking to Castiel there would be hell to pay. He’s very territorial when it comes to Dean. The last time he saw Dean being a little too friendly with one of the bartenders he made sure to beat the lesson firmly into Dean. Even before that Dean had slowly cut ties with all his friends to make his Dom happy.
The title comes out as a reflex and Dean doesn’t think anything of it until Castiel frowns and says, “Don’t call me that.”
He showers until the water runs cold and the fog from the mirror has long since faded. He’s shivering when he finally steps onto the plush bath mat, but he still doesn’t feel clean.
Anger flares through Dean, mostly anger at himself, but he uses it to his advantage and turns it towards Alastair. He just wants to leave with Castiel and never come back to this disgusting place. He waves his hand, shooing Alastair, but a strong hand grasps his wrist and tugs him from Castiel’s hold.
Dean stretches his legs out under the coffee table and gets comfortable before pulling the second plate in front of him as Castiel starts
The waiter comes back a few minutes later and Castiel pays, as promised, but Dean still blushes when Castiel tells the waiter they’ll both be on one bill.
Castiel flinches, hurt flashing across his face. “Please don’t compare me to him. It’s not the same and you know it.”
“Sorry to interrupt,” a voice says, drawing Dean and Castiel’s gaze away from each other to the short red-headed man standing with a pen poised over the little notepad in his hand. “Would you like to order some drinks, maybe an appetizer to start?”
CAS: Not only are you disobeying me and continuing to be a distraction while I’m working, but now you’re also deliberately flaunting the fact that you’re breaking the rules.
Dean lights up, excited about having Castiel to himself for four whole days, but he shakes his head; he already has other plans brewing. “How about a night in instead? I wanna help you relax.” He pulls Castiel closer by the belt loops of his pants, fingers already working at the button. “Let me help you relax, Cas.”
Dean’s panting heavily, still blissed out, but hears Castiel grunt a minute later as he comes as well and then the weight of his warm body rests on top of Dean on the counter. Castiel is panting just as hard with his head resting on Dean’s heaving chest, eyes closed.
They lie in Castiel’s bed together, cuddling and chatting for a bit before Castiel makes them get up to get snacks and water. Afterwards, he drags Dean into the shower and washes his body with gentle hands. Dean returns the favour and washes Castiel’s hair for him, massaging his scalp and peppering his face with tiny kisses as he rinses the shampoo away.
For a moment nothing happens, but then there’s birdsong responding from the treetops. Soon birds—finches, the man whispers to them—are flying down from the branches and perching on their outstretched hands. They’re a variety of colours, but each one is just as tiny as the last, light as a single feather where they wrap their tiny feet around Dean’s finger.
Something flashes across Castiel’s features, but before Dean can even begin to guess what it means Castiel surges forward and into Dean’s lap. He wraps a hand around the back of Dean’s neck, using it to pull him into a kiss. Dean groans when he feels Castiel nip at his lower lip and Castiel uses the opportunity to press his tongue into Dean’s mouth, tasting of butter and salt.
It feels surprisingly good: Castiel untying him. He praises Dean as he works, telling him how well he did, calling him “perfect” and “good boy.”
“Try the closet,” Dean suggests, tilting his head to the right, “see if there’s any wire hangers. Those’ll work.”
The position is awkward and doesn’t allow for Castiel to thrust in as deep, but Dean’s already so close he doesn’t care. He just needs to touch.
“Yeah. I mean I know we haven’t been dating that long, but I feel a connection with you like I’ve never felt before.”
Dean pulls his phone from his pocket for the fifth time since he sat down at one of the tables near the door of the café. No new notifications. It’s only a quarter to two, but he’s still worried she won’t show.
Warm and affectionate are not words that Dean—or anyone else, for that matter—would use to describe Alastair. Hell, Dean wouldn’t even call him nice, but he’d grown accustomed to Alastair’s constant presence in his life.
“Mmm, and now you’re stuck with me,” Castiel says with his back turned to Dean as he grabs his mug of tea.
“Huh,” is all Dean says as he turns back to the computer to mark humiliation down as a hard limit. With that knowledge in mind, he adds fisting, strait-jackets, blood play, and ice play to his hard limit list as well. He can always change them later.
Time passes quickly though and soon the club is amping up for the incoming crowd. People start swarming the bar, all trying to push their way to the front to get the bartender’s attention. The music gets progressively louder until Dean can feel the bass of it pounding through him. Castiel has to lean over to speak into Dean’s ear to be heard over the music
With the cuffs on it’s like Castiel is always touching him, always reassuring him. He likes the reminder that he’s wanted.
He slips his boots on and slowly stands on stiff legs. The room shifts, but he manages to stay upright and gather his shirt and jacket. He can feel Castiel’s eyes on him the entire time, but he doesn’t turn around.
Dean’s not sure it’s even possible to come on Castiel’s voice alone, but he’s more than willing to try. He lies back fully against the counter, shivering as his bare skin makes contact with the cool granite.
There are, of course, some customers that Dean wishes he could scream at, but he just grits his teeth and forces himself to smile and wish them a good day.
When the elevator doors close behind him and he’s alone he finally lets the tears fall. He presses his hand to his mouth to muffle his cries until he reaches the ground the floor and then hurries to his car where he slips into the driver’s seat. He fumbles his phone out of his pocket and tries to calm his breathing. He stares at the screen and has half a second of doubt before he presses call.
“I’m fine, Cas,” Dean cuts in, “I just wanted to come say thanks for, y’know, everything, before I left.”
Castiel blinks and his eyes refocus. “More so because that was the only thing I was truly interested in. I went to grad school for Business afterwards, and that was in order to open my own shop.”
Dean follows and watches as Castiel digs through the cupboard. He grabs a box of rice and takes it over to the corner where he tips the box upside down, dumping a pile of rice on the tiles.
“How was your day?” Castiel asks when he comes home and finds Dean lounging on the couch in the living room. “Did you meet with Doctor Pavlovská?”
Dean’s tongue darts out to lick his lips before he answers. “Looks like you wandered in off the street without knowing what kind of place this is.”
“What’s there to talk about? Just let me do this for you.” Dean untucks Castiel’s shirt and runs a hand along the taut skin of his stomach. Dean needs this; needs to prove his worth to Castiel.
Dean’s apartment is bare of whips, floggers, and paddles. Everything kink-related is stashed at Alastair’s, so he goes to the bathroom and grabs his razor. He tries to get the little bit of sharp metal to come out of the plastic shell, but can’t figure out how. He thinks maybe if he angled it right he could open up a nice cut on his thigh, imagines the blood welling up and dripping onto the floor. He imagines the pressure flooding from his body with his blood.
He’s usually better at deciphering what it is Alastair wants, has learned over the years how to anticipate his Dom’s ever-changing mood. A sub should be able to sense his Dom’s needs, should know instinctively how to please. But with Alastair it could be anything.
“We eloped last year. Her parents were pissed, but we didn’t want a big wedding or anything like that.”
I had a bunch more fluff and angst and shit planned but I might shorten it a little to make sure I can actually finish this and give the story the love and attention it (and you guys!) deserve. It all depends on how much I need to write a day for this new book. (which is in the brainstorming stage so I still have a little bit of time to write self-indulgent deancas)
Dean looks down at himself and realizes he’s only wearing his underwear. He’d been aware of his nudity before, but now he reasons that Castiel must have partially dressed him while he was unconscious. He’s grateful, but now that he’s more aware he feels exposed.
Dean yanks on the sleeve of Castiel’s jacket to get his attention. “Let’s just leave.” He turns to Alastair, forces himself to look him in the eye and not back down. “In case it wasn’t obvious: I’m through with your shit, okay? We’re done, so you can fuck off now.”
“I thought we were already running late?” Dean bites his lip as he stares at Castiel’s mouth, the corner of his lip tweaked up in a smirk.
“I used to skip meals as a sort of self-punishment. When I thought I did something wrong and n—it doesn’t matter. I don’t do that anymore. Not since Alastair. And it came up in my session with the shrink last week. I was just too nervous today before meeting with Charlie and then it was busy at work so I didn’t have time to eat anything until now.”
The car starts with barely a rumble and Dean thinks about the Impala sitting in the parking garage beneath Castiel’s apartment building. They had finally gone to get it earlier in the morning and Dean had almost cried with relief when they pulled up and saw the Impala where he had parked her the week before.
Dean follows only seconds later, Castiel’s name falling from his lips as the pain of teeth in his shoulder tips him over the edge.
Dean nearly scoffs. Is this really Castiel’s idea of punishment? It certainly isn’t what Dean had in mind.
“Look what I got today,” Castiel calls, holding up a sleek laptop as he enters the living room where Dean is perched in the armchair reading.
And then all movement stops. Castiel pulls his mouth and hands away leaving Dean writhing on the bed, wrinkling the covers as he moves and making the rope rub roughly against him, only adding to the overpowering sensations assaulting him.
“I’ll help you get back on your feet. I’ll help you find a job, a place to live. I’ll lend you some money until you can support yourself again.”
“Thank you for the tea, but I really do need to get this work done before tomorrow to finalize a deal with a client who could bring in a lot of money for the company.”
Fuck, Dean thinks, they’ve barely started and he’s already messed up. He’s been wanting to show Castiel that despite what Alastair always said, he is a good submissive.
“Yes, that’s perfect.” Castiel lets go of Dean’s chin and traces his thumb over his jaw. “Now, I believe I gave you a task.”
Castiel reaches for his napkin, but when he catches Dean watching he darts his tongue out to run along the length of his finger covered in sticky peanut butter.
Dean can’t believe he’s forgotten about the Impala for so long, stranded in the parking lot outside the club for days. Anything could have happened by now. Someone could’ve slashed the tires, or broken all the windows, painted graffiti across the body. Alastair could have taken the car if he had even bothered to pick up Dean’s belongings.
And the fact that Castiel is so far away makes it worse somehow. Logically, Dean knows he wouldn’t see that much more of Castiel even if he wasn’t a four hour flight away, but he would still sleep a lot easier if Castiel was at least in the same state as him.
Dean wraps himself around Castiel, burrowing into the comfort of his arms. His cock is half hard and he can feel Castiel’s own length poking at him when he shifts, but Dean is content to ignore his arousal and just relax with his boyfriend.
“It was all right. I had a meeting with some new clients today. It went well which means my boss will get off my back for a few days, at least.” Castiel turns the volume of the TV down and shifts his attention from the screen to Dean. “You met with your friend today, right?”
“Extra-large latte. Skim milk, two pumps caramel, no foam.” The man doesn’t even look up from his phone as he orders.
Castiel opens his mouth to speak, but the waiter comes back then to announce their orders got mixed up in the kitchen and will take another little while. He places a platter of deep fried pickles in front of them as consolation for the delay.
“Plus,” Castiel continues, “When you go deep into subspace sometimes it’s hard to think or form words, which is one of the reasons why I think it’s important that Doms have a safeword as well. If I think you’re in distress but too far gone to know how much is too much and safeword, I can call it out and end the scene.”
Castiel wakes up on the floor of the club after being knocked out. He's more determined than ever to take Dean away from the club and Alastair and never come back.
Once they had actually gotten in to see the doctor the examination took no time at all. Dean’s nerves had been at a manageable level after talking with the doctor and being able to say that he had none of the symptoms that suggested he had any STI. And then the doctor mentioned how long it would take to get the results of the tests back.
Castiel mouths at the inside of Dean’s thigh, licking and biting the tender flesh. The headboard creaks under the crushing grip Dean has on it. He pulls against it when Castiel sucks a bruise into his thigh, his nose brushing against Dean’s groin.
Dean’s had time to perfect his method, though. He’s been working on it since his mom died when he was young.
“Fuck, Dean.” Castiel’s hips thrust up and Dean backs off, mouth just shy of touching Castiel’s heated flesh.
“And Dean?” He had been about to disconnect the call when Castiel speaks again and Dean almost drops his phone.
He has nearly four hours until six o’clock. He rifles through the kitchen, trying to figure out what to cook for dinner. He decides to use the rest of the fresh vegetables in his fridge to make soup and starts chopping.
After a while, he decides to make breakfast for Castiel and himself. He goes all out and cooks up omelettes with both bacon and sausage on the side. The apartment is still quiet when he’s done cooking, so he stalls and makes toast, brews more coffee, and sets the table.
What’s the worst that could happen? He reasons. Castiel could agree to coffee, show up, and laugh right in his face, tell him he’s worthless, and confirm everything Alastair has told him he is. But Castiel took care of him last night and had said he was beautiful and good.
The henchmen were always hovering on stage or close to it during Saturday performances. They always drank with Alastair at the bar. On more than once occasion Alastair let them use Dean. Seeing them pin Castiel’s arms behind his back, Dean redoubles his efforts to get away from Alastair.
Dean stands outside of Castiel’s room, worried about making him mad if he wakes him up. But breakfast is quickly getting cold and won’t last. Finally, Dean knocks on the door and after a moment he hears movement from inside.
Tessa makes Dean drink a bottle of water before sending him on his way. He makes it back to the apartment without fainting or running into that man or Alastair. He kept looking over his shoulder, paranoid that someone was going to jump him.
“Yes, grocery shopping is on the to-do list for tomorrow. That and buying you some clothes of your own, because as much as I enjoy seeing you wearing mine, my wardrobe is very limited.”
“No, not necessarily. He could be doing a fantastic job, but the fact remains that for four years you gave Alastair control over your mental state as well as your physical wellbeing and there are lasting side-effects to that—one of which being that anxiety between scenes.”
Dean leans against the door. “Thanks. This baby’s my pride and joy.” He runs a hand along the slick roof of the car affectionately.
“It’s fine, Dean. I want to treat you.” Castiel rests his chin on Dean’s shoulder, his voice rumbling through both of them when he speaks. “Now, what do you feel like eating?”
“Look,” Dean interjects before Castiel can continue, “my head’s still fuzzy and nothing feels real right now. Can we…I want to be able to actually have a conversation with you, I want,” he shakes his head, trying to climb back to the surface of his own mind, and failing.
Dean shows his agreement with a kiss, tangling his fingers in Castiel’s hair and licking into his mouth, their teeth knocking against each other in Dean’s enthusiasm, making Castiel chuckle and pull away as much as Dean’s tight grip on him will allow.
When Dean regains consciousness he’s lying on his stomach, his head resting on something solid and warm. There are fingers running gently through his hair and the murmur of soft words washing over him. Though the words themselves have no meaning to Dean in his current state, the tone of it soothes him and he gladly sinks back into his thoughtlessness.
“And what, little whore,” Alastair sneers, “makes you think that decision is yours to make?” Dean shouts and tries to wrench himself free of the iron-strong hold Alastair has him in, back pressed flush to his chest so all the thrashing in the world won’t do him any good.
The fingers withdraw from his ass and he feels the blunt head of a dick press against his slick hole. Dean shuts his eyes so tight he sees white spots in the blackness.
“I’m going to take my time with you, run my tongue over every inch of your body.” Castiel slips his tongue out to lick a stripe along the side of Dean’s neck. “I’m going to cherish you, Dean, and give you everything you deserve. Gonna open you up slowly, until you’re begging. And then?” Castiel smirks. “Then I’ll keep going until just before you think you can’t possibly take another second of pleasure.”
Castiel watches as Dean digs in, slurping long noodles of spaghetti into his mouth without pause. “When was the last time you ate?”
Dean’s had his fair share of bad dreams, so he mumbles an “of course,” around the froth of toothpaste in his mouth. Plus, he slept better than he has in months with Castiel in bed with him.
“Of course I’ll notice. Now let’s go to bed. I need to get as much of you as I can before you leave.” Dean lets his hands wander lower, grabbing at Castiel’s ass and pulling him close.
Dean wraps his arms around Castiel, one hand sinking into his hair to pull Castiel into a kiss, both of them panting into each other’s mouths as Dean rocks his hips down and Castiel thrusts up shallowly.
“There was a man at the store today,” Dean whispers, his eyes flicking up to Castiel’s just inches in front of him. “From the club. He said—he said…I don’t even remember him but he—he gave me money for being ‘the best fuck around.’ How can I not even remember him? I feel so dirty.”
Dean grimaces as memories of last night swirl through his mind. He wishes he had amnesia. He pushes the memories away and continues with the list. “Dizziness or seeing stars. Fatigue.”
Dean starts leaning forward unconsciously, ready to give himself over to whatever Castiel wants in this moment, but Castiel steps away from him with a smirk.
“Yeah, he found me while I was still in university, just about to graduate. I went out with a couple friends to celebrate and ended up hooking up with Alastair. After a few months I realized how hard it was to get a job and was running out of money fast, trying to live on my own and pay back my loans. Then Alastair said he’d take care of it, but of course there was a catch.”
He’ll make Castiel drive him to get the Impala back as soon as he gets home from work, Dean decides. It’s the only option he has. She’s been parked there for days; a few more hours wouldn’t hurt. Dean sighs and yanks off Castiel’s boots and tucks them neatly back in the closet along with the jacket.
Castiel’s smile slips into a frown when Dean places the napkin on the table. He feels his cheeks get hot the longer Castiel stares and he has to turn away, squirming in his seat.
Castiel glances up at him with a raised eyebrow. He had called to Dean that it was time to leave nearly ten minutes ago, but Dean had still been trying to decide on what to wear.
In the springtime, there are deer along the trail, but it’s still too cold for them right now in the dense forest. Dean thinks this would be the perfect place for a picnic when the weather is nice. They could pack a nice lunch and sprawl out in a patch of sun to enjoy the afternoon.
The grip on his wrist holds him in place. Dean tries to pull away, but can’t. He’s trapped now. He can’t escape the punishment that’s coming. He pulls again and the grip is gone.
Dean swallows and tries to turn his attention back to the movie: on screen, Baby carries a watermelon into a room full of couples dancing. Patrick Swayze makes his entrance a minute later, and Dean tries to keep focused on the TV, only he’s become hyper-aware of Castiel sitting next to him and every little noise or movement draws his attention back.
“As you wish, my good boy.” Castiel retrieves a condom from the drawer of his side table and gets himself ready, rolling the condom on and slicking his length with lube that Dean doesn’t want or need after being so thoroughly teased and prepped.
“I just have to finish one more thing.” Castiel tries to wheel himself back to his desk, but Dean pulls him up out of his chair.
“What if you lie across my lap instead?” Castiel suggests, standing a few feet away from the couch, giving Dean some space.  They get situated with Dean lying across Castiel’s lap and his head resting on a pillow.
“Hi.” Castiel tilts his head after a moment. “Are you going to invite me in, or did you plan to have dinner in your hallway?”
Castiel’s hand dips into the sweatpants and wraps strong fingers around Dean’s erection. Dean cries in protest and absolute, overwhelming pleasure as he finally gets the friction he needs. Castiel leans down and swallows up his moans, licking into his mouth and sucking on his tongue in the filthiest kiss Dean’s ever been privy to.
“Dean,” Castiel calls softly as he takes a few steps forward, but Dean doesn’t stop. “Dean.” Louder this time, and Castiel watches, worry lines breaking out over his face as Dean’s movements slow and then pause. He calls again and this time Dean whips around.
“I—” Dean’s voice comes out barely a hoarse whisper. He clears his throat and tries again but only succeeds in making a wheezing noise as Alastair nails his prostate. He clenches around Alastair’s cock and croaks out, “Master,” tipping Alastair over the edge as he empties himself into Dean’s ass.
Castiel huffs into Dean’s mouth and then he’s kissing back with a bruising force, grabbing onto Dean’s jacket and pulling him close. Dean can feel himself grinding down into Castiel and has a split second to be embarrassed before he feels Castiel grind back and moan into Dean’s mouth.
Dean grumbles in protest. He doesn’t want Castiel to take away the comfort of the rope yet, but his limbs are mush and he lies boneless with his face smushed into the mattress, letting Castiel do as he pleases.
There’s movement in the hall and he tenses when three knocks rap against the wood, stirring the bees in his stomach. He takes a deep breath, smooths out his t-shirt, and opens the door.
He watches Castiel in the mirror as his face scrunches up again, but all he says is, “Oh. Uh, yes, add it to the pile, then.”
Alastair pushes Dean to his limit in front of a crowd of people, but the hot new stranger Dean met a few days ago is there watching.
“That’s my little cock slut.” The hand at his ass moves in soothing circles now and Dean slumps in his grasp, happy at least that his Master gives him praise. “Climb up.”
Dean watches through blurry eyes as two different men hold Castiel firmly at the very front of the stage. He tries to turn his head, to look away from Castiel’s angry stare, but he’s held fast.
By the time Dean starts dinner he’s in a better mood than this morning. He puts some music on and dances around Castiel’s kitchen as he prepares dinner. He wishes he had more ingredients to work with in a kitchen this nice, but he makes do with what he has, happy to do something nice for Castiel.
Dean’s brows knit together, but he relaxes his jaw again and just lets the spit build up, resisting the urge to swallow and focusing on breathing through his nose.
“Okay.” Dean’s throat feels scratchy and he asks for more of the orange juice, which Castiel happily hands over. When he’s finished all of it Castiel asks him to lie on his stomach on the couch, standing up so Dean can stretch out.
Hands grip Dean’s shoulders and his eyes fly open as he’s pushed down, forced to take more of the dildo still whirring beneath him. He tries in vain to hold himself up on shaky legs, but the stools are kicked out from under him and all at once the thick plastic cock is inside him, filling him completely.
A short woman with wavy brown hair rounds the corner, crowding into the already cramped space of the entryway. “Clarence! God, you’ve been avoiding me for so long that I was starting to forget what you looked like.”
Dean does as he’s told and groans when he leans over. The rope rubs and pulls deliciously against his skin. He rests on his forearms and raises his ass in the air, shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
The rope embeds itself between his ass cheeks and brushes over his hole. The happy knot presses up firmly against his perineum and makes Dean gasp. The roughness of the rope makes him squirm and the knot shifts slightly with his movement. He sways his hips from one side to another to feel the glorious pull of the rope again.
They’re still pressed up against the ugly pea soup coloured car, still clinging to one another. Dean thumps his forehead against Castiel’s chest and blushes when Castiel presses a soft kiss to his head.
Dean whimpers but clenches his ass to keep the ice from slipping out. He can feel it moving inside him with every breath, every small movement in his hips. It’s too cold, but his insides feel like they’re on fire and Dean squirms, yanking his wrists only to feel the metal bite into his skin. He yanks again, the pain circling his wrists enough to minutely distract him from the fire burning throughout the rest of his body.
Dean nods and feels his cheeks heat when Castiel orders for both of them. “I’ll have the Rock N’ Roll burger, and he’ll have the ‘Google It’, both with fries.” They hand their menus over to the waiter and he retreats with their orders scribbled hastily in his notepad.
The man’s deep voice washes over him. He thinks this is what people mean when they say “dripping with authority.” He gulps and shifts in his seat to return the stare of the man. “Can’t help but notice that you don’t exactly look like you belong here.”
I have been struggling with the same chapter for weeks now but I finally FINALLY got past whatever bullshit writer’s block this has been and we’re rolling again.
Castiel’s body blocks Dean’s view and he can’t see what he grabs. Castiel starts to turn and Dean whips back around, afraid to get in trouble for looking.
CAS: Be a good boy for me and when I get home I’ll lick you open nice and slow until you come on my tongue alone and then I’ll take that blue vibrator you love and find every sensitive spot on your body until I wring another orgasm from you.
“More than once,” Castiel continues, “my mom had to come to the shop to get me for dinner because I’d get so lost in whatever book I was reading.”
“That’s the first place he’ll look. Besides, you said it yourself: he pays the rent. Do you really think he’ll continue to do so after tonight?” Castiel glances at Dean from the corner of his eye. His brow is furrowed in anger as he stares at Castiel. “He certainly isn’t done with you. He made that much abundantly clear. You can stay at my place until…You can stay with me.”
which is bent and well-worn even though it was bought only a week earlier. It’s been a few years since Dean’s read it so instead of watching Netflix all day again he reads, smoothing out the bent edges of the pages Castiel dog eared as he goes.
Dean stops to take in his surroundings. They’re at the back corner of the club, the ring of couches around them is empty and the wall behind them provides cover from prying eyes, but if Alastair decides to search Dean out he’s screwed. They both are.
This somehow ended up being 8,000 words and the majority of that is good old-fashion BDSM sex so, uh, yeah I may have gotten a bit carried away…enjoy.
They both groan as Castiel enters Dean for the first time, sinking into him slowly. And Dean was wrong, he still wasn’t stretched enough to take Castiel. He groans and screws his eyes shut, but the burn of Castiel stretching him open is the perfect kind of pain that Dean’s been craving and he rocks down to take more of it.
Castiel slides another finger in and spreads, opening Dean up wide. The heat coils in his belly and he feels it growing, ready to burst, so close. And then Castiel’s fingers are gone. Dean’s empty and his hips continue to thrust into the air, searching for release.
“Shit,” Castiel swears under his breath. He watches the man stand unmoving and at this point Castiel’s not even sure the guy’s breathing, he’s so still. He swears again. There’s no way he could even get close to the man; he’d be recognized before he could do anything. He’s not even sure what he would do if he did get close enough.
“What I mean is that it doesn’t matter what I prefer. You are your own man and I have no control over you: nor does anyone else—without your say so—for that matter. But the point is that you can drink the whiskey if you want to. I’m not going to stop you and this club doesn’t have a drink limit for people participating in scenes.”
Thinking of Alastair completely washes away the post-orgasm haze of happiness he had been clinging to. It reminds him that he is still very much owned by Alastair and that he can’t be with Castiel even if that’s what they both want.
“Yeah,” Dean shrugs, “just the usual assholes who think just because they see me dancing and stripping on stage they can just do whatever they want. It’s no big deal.”
Castiel drives Dean incoherent with pleasure and introduces just a hint of pain: biting or pinching or slapping him. It’s nowhere near enough as much pain as Dean can take, but the ache of having come so close to the edge only to be yanked away from it, again and again, is pain enough.
Before he leaves, Dean forces himself to eat something more substantial than stale crackers or a granola bar. He knows he shouldn’t scene on an empty stomach—he probably shouldn’t scene even then with the state he’s been in the past few days—but the itch is still there, the need to right his wrongs through punishment and prove he’s of some worth.
Dean thought he was doing better, recovering after leaving Alastair in the past. Only he finds out that healing takes a little more work than that.
“I definitely remember everything up until that brute of a man punched me and then everything after waking up on the floor.”
Oh! also, the “rope dress” is the tie that Castiel used on Dean in this chapter. You can find pictures of it here if you want:
The scuffle has drawn the attention of nearly everyone in the club. Heads turn to watch the altercation play out but none of them step in. Dean has never hated this club more.
Boyfriend. The word makes him giddy. Thinking of Castiel and the things he wants to do with him. And it surprises Dean a little that most of these ideas aren’t sexual. Sure, there are a few dozen of those as well, but what Dean really wants is shockingly PG.
“Mmm,” Castiel hums, “If it means I get to keep you shirtless all the time I’m never going to stop licking and biting your nipples.”
“Okay,” he says and takes a deep breath to calm himself, but can’t bring himself to look at Castiel as he says it. He looks down at his hands instead. “Cas, you gotta go. I—I can’t see you anymore.”
He grunts when Castiel’s full weight collapses on top of him. He rolls until they’re lying down on the couch, tucked close together in the small space.
Once he steps into the apartment and shuts the door behind him Dean breathes a little easier. He sits heavily on the bench in the entryway, meaning to take off his boots, but instead just staring at the wall in front of him.
Castiel nods. “Most clubs have a one or two drink allowance and after that you get an ‘x’ on your hand to show you’re not permitted to scene. Some clubs have a zero alcohol tolerance and have a juice bar instead.”
The voice follows him as he drives down the busy city streets, white-knuckling the steering wheel as he goes.
Dean reaches for his phone from where he’s been sprawled on the couch staring at the same patch of smooth ceiling for the better part of an hour, but there’s still no response from Castiel.
Alastair laughs and calls Dean a whore as he wipes Dean’s own come on his stomach. He barks for someone to cut Dean from his bonds, then disappears.
Dean knows he would do anything to protect Castiel. And Castiel has already protected him on numerous occasions. He knows he’s happiest in Castiel’s company, no matter what they’re doing. He knows that he feels connected to Castiel in a way he’s never been connected to anyone else.
Castiel takes his time with the final spanks. He kneads the burning flesh of Dean’s ass in his palms. It hurts
It takes barely a minute to tip him over the edge and he’s shooting into Castiel’s hand, his thumb swiping across the head to coax more come from him. He continues to stroke Dean through his orgasm.
“I have something to show you.” Castiel doesn’t elaborate even when Dean pesters him the entire length of the elevator ride down to the parking garage.
The date seems silly now, even entertaining the idea that he could have something that makes him happy. Alastair could have shown up at any time tonight, as he does sometimes. Sure, Dean can’t remember the last time Alastair had set foot in his apartment; mostly he calls Dean to his place for a quick round of harsh fucking and harsher words, but on occasion he pops into Dean’s apartment seemingly just to shatter the false reality he’s created in the confines of his tiny apartment, to remind Dean of what he is. Alastair could have sauntered in and seen them grinding on each other on the couch. He would have seriously hurt Castiel.
“Yeah, well I told you I had a Dom, didn’t I?” Dean snaps, unable to handle that disapproving tone from Castiel right now.
“That I’m not Alastair,” Castiel finishes for him and Dean winces. He hates comparing Castiel to Alastair. “I get it. Healing takes time.”
Face slapping is a limit for him, but he’s not sure he wants to put it as a hard or soft limit so he gets Castiel’s attention and tells him his dilemma. “Humiliation is a no-go for me, like name-calling and things like that? But face slapping under the right circumstances is good? I don’t know.”
Dean’s not sure at what point he fell asleep, but suddenly it’s morning and he’s waking up in a cocoon of blankets on the plush mattress in his room. He vaguely remembers Castiel shaking him awake late last night and stumbling half-asleep to bed.
He digs a freezer burnt package of ground beef from the freezer to thaw so he can have dinner ready for Castiel when he gets home from work. They’ve eaten out the last two days so a nice home-cooked meal would be perfect.
The woman’s eyes flick up and lock onto Dean’s. He can feel his face getting hot at being caught staring, but then the corners of the woman’s lips curl into a smirk and she pulls at her kneeling sub’s hair, bringing him up to straddle her. His body arches into hers as she yanks again to run her tongue and teeth along his neck, her eyes never leaving Dean’s. She flips her sub around so his back is to her and Dean swallows a lump in his throat as her fingers trail down the man’s body to tease around his caged cock.
“But you’re the one who always had a plan. Graduate, get your foot in the door of an elementary school, work your way up to dealing with pig-headed high-schoolers. Oh no, does this mean we’ve switched roles?
Dean takes a step back at the same time Castiel steps forward. They collide and Castiel’s tea spills down his front, soaking his shirt in boiling hot water.
Dean bucks up into nothing, seeking friction that isn’t there. His cock brushes against the rough material inside of the sweats but it isn’t enough.
Castiel steps back and Dean continues to undress, cursing his decision to wear a flannel as he works on popping the tiny buttons on his shirt with clumsy fingers. When he finally gets them all undone he tosses the flannel aside, followed swiftly by his undershirt.
“Our limits,” Castiel continues, gasping as Dean lightly traces a finger over the hair at Castiel’s naval. “And safewords. I want us to be safe.”
They store the beef in the fridge for later and call it an early night. Castiel has a meeting first thing in the morning and Dean has another day full of rejection waiting for him.
All movement stops abruptly, the participants not sure what to make of the crazed-looking man with wild eyes and even wilder hair poised on the edge of the stage.
What if he was calling Alastair to let him know he just saw Dean? Alastair could be on his way here right now.
But Castiel had just rested a hand on Dean’s knee and said, “For now, don’t worry about the results. The first step is getting tested. We’ll deal with whatever happens after that together, okay?” It helped to calm him a little, but he had still felt like he might throw up.
“Dean, I’m so sorry I made you feel that way. I’ve been busier with work, but I didn’t think—I’m so sorry,” Castiel repeats. “I love you. I’m sorry.”
Castiel considers a moment. “No, not exactly. Having to deal with so many people is draining. I got my BA in English Literature, so this job certainly isn’t where I expected to end up.”
Dean feels cold and empty as he watches Castiel’s tan trench coat swish around him as he walks to his car. It feels like a final goodbye, and he’s suddenly worried he’ll never see Castiel again.
Castiel is blocked from Dean’s view and he has only a second to be relieved before he sees a fat, angry-looking cock in front of his face. He screws his mouth shut and tries to avoid the persistent cockhead pressing against his lips.
When he has a good selection he hops up on the bed, propping himself up on a pile of pillows. He scrolls through all the pictures, settling on a pose of him looking over his shoulder, glancing innocently at the camera.
“Okay, okay,” Castiel says as he’s pulled to his feet, “I’m coming already.” He wraps his arms around Dean and kisses his forehead.
By the time Castiel settles back in the space between Dean’s spread legs and sticks his tongue out to lick the tip of his cock Dean is no longer in danger of coming without permission.
“I know we haven’t discussed collars at all, but I just thought…” Castiel looks so uncertain and Dean frowns, realizing he’s just sat staring at the collar without saying anything.
Their trip to the diner Thursday night hadn’t lasted long. The walk there was nice, but once all the adrenaline had left Dean’s body he just felt sluggish and couldn’t stop yawning, even after downing two cups of burnt coffee. Castiel had been the one to call the night to a close, worried that Dean would fall asleep behind the wheel on his drive home.
Dean stands naked in front of Alastair moments later, head down, arms behind his back as he waits for further instruction. He tries not to wince as his arms rub against his back, but Alastair notices.
“Rape, Dean. That’s what happened back there. You didn’t consent to that. You explicitly told them to stop. We’re reporting that and sending the police after Alastair. With any luck, that club will finally get shut down as well.”
Dean takes a deep breath to center himself as he steps out of his underwear. He looks back towards the bar, eyes locking with Castiel as he sinks slowly to his knees, legs spread, hands clasped behind his back, pushing his chest out slightly. He focuses on Castiel as he waits, eyes following every movement, watching as he shifts in his seat, as he sips at a glass of water, as he watches Dean kneeling on stage.
He shrugs, the fabric of the trench coat hugging his shoulders as he does so. “Left ‘em at the club with the rest of my clothes.” He wiggles his toes again. “I liked those boots.”
Dean grinds up against the thigh between his legs. He can feel himself growing hard as Castiel bites harshly at his neck, soothing it with his tongue afterwards. Dean grasps at Castiel’s back, fingers twisting into the thick sweater when he feels Castiel grinding back against him.
He’s gone back and forth in his head too many times to count the past few days: stay with Alastair, or finally bite the bullet and leave, hope Castiel will forgive him and see where the relationship leads. He’s picked up his phone to text or call Castiel multiple times, but never follows through.
They turn and stare at each other and Dean’s glad the lights are off because he’s positive he’s blushing the brightest shade of red. He takes a breath and closes the rest of the distance until their legs are pressed together. That simple contact sends a rush through Dean. His fingers tingle with it and he craves more.
He looks up from his book to the laptop Castiel is waving in the air. A laptop that certainly isn’t Castiel’s; that monster requires two hands.
Dean’s heart sings when he hears the affirmation from Castiel and he has trouble placing the emotion as he soars high with it. “I guess we better wave down the waiter for some salads then.”
Okay, I do want Sabriel and I’m going to write a spin-off of this with Sam and Gabriel and their budding relationship so stay tuned for that!! Don’t worry if Sabriel isn’t your thing, I won’t get into that in this fic. There’s only one or two chapters left here anyway, but if you’re jonesing for more DeanCas goodness, I’m going to do single chapter oneshots of these two in this universe and each chapter will have them exploring a new kink. Lots to look forward to!
He didn’t feel like talking about Sam. Or thinking about Sam. But now he can’t quiet his brain. So he texts Castiel, hoping to distract himself and his one-track mind.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat as tears burn tracks down his cheeks. His torn shirt is cut away from his body and his pants follow, pushed down to his ankles where his shoes and socks are slipped off. He tries kicking out, to at least get a good hit in to the guy’s face, but fingers dig into his skin painfully, holding him still until all his clothes are stripped away.
Dean frowns and opens his mouth to speak but remembers at the last second that Castiel forbade him and nods his head instead.
They sit at the table talking well after both their bowls have been emptied. Eventually, though, Dean grabs the dishes and gets up from the table, depositing them into the sink for later. “Sorry I don’t have anything for dessert. The cupboards have nothing but dust in ‘em right now.”
“Stupid,” Dean mutters to himself. Here he is overreacting again. Of course Castiel wasn’t going to hurt him.
“So you do remember. Which means that you deliberately broke my rule when you said you went to your appointment today. Twice.”
“Dean is not broken. He has dealt with a lot in his past, but he doesn’t need me or anyone else to fix him. And he isn’t like Alfie.”
Castiel is up off the couch before he’s even finished speaking and Dean can’t help the smile that crosses his face even as a pit of anxiety opens up in his stomach.
Before Dean can make sense of why, there’s wet heat and that’s all he can focus on as Castiel’s tongue licks a stripe over his hole.
Bess pulls Dean into a hug as everyone is saying goodbye. “You’re coming again next week, right? It’s my turn to pick the game. I’m thinking Taboo.”
It feels as if there’s a tangible layer of shame coating his skin like dirt. But no matter how hard he scrubs under the scalding spray of the shower, he can’t rid himself of this feeling.
Dean pants shallowly against Castiel’s neck, running his hands up underneath the sweater to caress heated, sweat-slicked skin. Castiel hums quietly and continues peppering kisses to Dean’s neck and collarbone.
“Cryptic much?” But Dean still shivers at the promise in Castiel’s voice. “Anyway, yeah, I consent to those rules or whatever. No lying and no touchin’ myself.” Though he is kind of tempted to break one of Castiel’s rules just to see how he’d be punished. And to quell the need coursing through him. A good, hard spanking sounds perfect right now.
“I know, Dean, it’s all right.” Castiel places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, his thumb brushing against skin where the sleeve of his t-shirt ends. He backs out of Castiel’s hold and turns to face him directly.
Dean doesn’t want to move. He wants to savour this bliss for as long as possible. That was the most intense orgasm he’s ever had. All the teasing and waiting was worth it if it meant an orgasm that strong every time.
Alastair is never this quiet. He always has some order for Dean or some insult ready to be hurled his way. Silence can only mean trouble for Dean and his mind races, trying to figure out what he did wrong, trying to think of a way to fix it before Alastair hurts him again.
Still, Dean can feel the phantom touch of the man, of every man he’s ever let touch him. It’s like every past encounter with Alastair and everyone else comes crashing down on him at once, suffocating him.
It seems to spur Castiel on, groaning and nipping harshly at Dean’s nipple once more before moving on to the other. He skates his fingers along the insides of Dean’s thighs, over the soft material of his sweatpants and Dean spreads wider in invitation.
“Dean, you—” Castiel stops, closes his eyes and exhales deeply. When he opens his eyes again Dean sees an ocean of emotion in his blue eyes. And Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen eyes as intensely blue as Castiel’s. How had he not noticed before now? He gets swept up in it, unable to look away.
“Good,” Castiel praises. He presses a soft kiss to Dean’s lips before taking his hand and leading them across the apartment to his bedroom.
It takes Castiel a full cup of coffee to be awake enough for conversation. He downs the entire mug so quickly that Dean’s sure his whole mouth must be burnt, but Castiel just pours himself more coffee and starts in on his omelette. He praises Dean’s cooking skills as he eats, something Dean will never get tired of.
His panic lessens with the assurance that Castiel will be there. But it’s more than that: Castiel agreeing to come means that he doesn’t hate Dean, that Dean hasn’t driven him away completely. Maybe they still have a chance. He picks himself up off the floor and showers to get days’ worth of sweat and grime off and start preparing for the night.
Dean can see a blush colour Castiel’s cheeks as he fingers a fry on his plate. Seeing Castiel be the sheepish one for once reassures Dean. He likes the calm, collected, in-charge Castiel, but this side of him is undeniably adorable and now Dean’s not sure which he likes more.
“You are not weak.” Castiel’s knees creak when he stands. He wipes warm water on his slacks to dry his hands before stepping closer to Dean and holding his head gently in his palms.
By the time Dean sees the text, it’s past when he was supposed to be done at therapy. He can’t tell Castiel that he bailed; he had been so happy when Dean said he would go.
Castiel turns back to the show he was watching and Dean pokes the spaghetti around on his plate, his stomach gurgling unhappily.
“Castiel,” Dean moans. He almost lifts his hands to twist into Castiel’s messy hair, but he remembers himself at the last second and grabs the headboard instead, wrapping his fingers tightly around one of the wooden slats.
Dean opens his mouth to say he was being stupid, apologize, and hang up, but instead he sobs so loud and forceful his entire body shakes with it.
Dean sits alone on the couch channel surfing as he waits for Castiel to be done in the bathroom. After Castiel retires for the night Dean decides to run himself a bath because the tub is gigantic and his muscles are stiff and aching.
He has to sit there chewing a mouthful of breading and pickle before he can answer Castiel, who watches bemused the entire time.
A flash of red passes the front window, catching Dean’s eye and making his stomach do a flip. The bell above the door jingles and Charlie steps inside, looking around the café until her gaze lands on Dean and she approaches his table with a broad smile.
Castiel continues to rub over Dean’s prostate and adds a third finger to work Dean open further. There’s no pain, none of the pleasant burn Dean craves, only pleasure.
He grabs the tea towel from where it hangs on the oven door and presses it against Castiel’s chest, sopping up some of the wetness, hoping to gain some leniency by cleaning up his mess. Dean’s vision blurs and all he can hear is the thump of own heartbeat in his ears.
Castiel frowns at the bruising around his left eye and cheek. His heart clenches when Dean lets go of the chain and lifts his arms to Castiel, beckoning him, and Castiel knows then that he can never deny Dean of anything. Wouldn’t want to, even if he could.
God, Dean’s ass is on fire, but he’s so hard, throbbing with every hit. The next hit makes Dean grunt and his dick leak a bead of precome onto Castiel’s slacks.
His boxes of movies were the only thing Dean had to unpack when he moved here. All the furniture in his apartment was bought for him and delivered the day he moved in. The kitchen had already been stocked with all the necessities, either left by the previous tenant or acquired by Alastair, Dean still isn’t sure. Even the walls are the same standard eggshell white, bare of any posters or pictures.
“My filthy cockslut. You’re just a warm hole waiting to be filled with come.” His cock twitches in Dean’s ass and he grunts again. Dean can tell he’s getting close. “Say it. Say you’re a filthy come slut.”
The two ends of the rope are draped over his shoulders and he can feel Castiel tying the first knot at the back of his neck. The knot presses into Dean’s skin as Castiel holds it in place while he comes around to tie another knot in the front.
“I know you can. I just want to spend time with you.” Castiel starts rolling a chunk of dough into a ball.
Castiel stands silhouetted by the dim light of the hall. His hair looks as if he’s run his fingers through it a time too many, and—unlike the last two times Dean saw him—he’s wearing comfortable-looking dark jeans that shape his thighs nicely paired with a loose-fitting knitted sweater that swallows him up, making him look smaller.
Castiel’s hands move lower, palming at the globes of Dean’s ass and spreading them apart. He pulls on a knot tied at the small of Dean’s back, making him arch into it as the rope pulls tight against his hole.
First off, I want to say thank you if you're still sticking around and also SORRY I'm so damn sorry I've left you for months but I promise I am coming back to finish this.
Dean finishes getting undressed quickly, making sure to fold his clothes and place them neatly on the countertop.
“So Castiel has these rules, right?” Dean blushes as he says it. He doesn’t want to elaborate, but he’s pretty sure Doctor Pavlovská understands. “He laid them out at the beginning of our relationship and I agreed to them. It scared me a bit, but I agreed because I liked Cas and they were pretty simple rules so I didn’t mind. But now he wants to add another. And it’s not anything big, but I’m still not sure if I’m okay with it.”
He straightens and squares his shoulders. “Baking, cooking, anything in the kitchen really. It’s relaxing. When I’m in the kitchen everything else just sort of fades away and the only thing that matters is the dish I’m making or the dough between my fingers.”
He’s noticed that Doctor Pavloska has this way of leading him exactly where she wants him until he works things out for himself.
as she keeps insisting Dean call her—have been okay, Dean always walks into this room on the defensive. A fact Doctor Pavlovská called him on at the beginning of their last session. It’s one of the reasons Dean actually likes her—that no bullshit attitude.
Having no problem following orders now, Dean is moving before Castiel has finished speaking. He carefully lowers himself in the middle of the rice pile, hissing in pain as he rests his full weight on his knees, making the grains of rice dig into his skin. Dean shifts, trying to get comfortable, but it just grinds the rice further into his knees.
“Good.” Castiel unbuttons his pants and shifts on the couch as he pulls them down along with his underwear.
“Great. She’s your best friend, Cas, it’s kinda important that she likes me. And she definitely doesn’t like me right now.”
Instructions mean the performance is going to be tough, especially if Alastair wants Dean to prep himself beforehand and show up wearing a plug. Alastair never asks him to wear a plug; he prefers to do all the prep work himself so he can fuck Dean while he’s still too tight, so it always causes Dean pain or at least discomfort. Alastair says he likes the noises Dean makes when it hurts a little too much.
Castiel frowns. “So if I wanted to strap you to a St. Andrew’s cross and whip you: that would be pleasurable for you?”
“If it were Alastair putting this rule in place it would be for different reasons than Cas is doing it.”
He had planned to cook a roast for dinner with potatoes and carrots. He supposes he could just make it Monday instead. He’ll just have a sandwich for dinner while Castiel is out for the night.
Of course: this man was a regular at The Pit. He was there some Thursdays when Dean danced, and many of the Saturdays he was in the audience while Dean was on stage with Alastair.
“All I ask is that you try. I just want us to be able to talk to each other if there’s something bothering us: in and out of a scene. We need to have trust for this relationship to work and I can’t trust you if you don’t talk to me.”
“Better?” Castiel asks when the glass is empty. Dean looks back at him, at the genuine concern etched into his features, but quickly lowers his gaze.
He looks up at a harsh grunt from Castiel and sees two men are working on subduing him. Dean recognizes them as Alastair’s henchmen, or that’s always how he always referred to them anyway. Four years Dean has been with Alastair but not once has he ever heard him use either of these men’s names. But they seemed to follow Alastair wherever he went, never straying too far.
“Strip,” Alastair commands, plopping the ice back into his drink and stepping back, watching with a scowl as Dean complies obediently.
They have so many bags that it takes two trips to bring everything up to the apartment and it takes even longer to put all of it away.
When he’s done Castiel hands him the granola bar. He unwraps it and takes a bite, swallowing around the lump in his throat, eyeing Castiel watching him. While he eats he goes through a mental checklist of his body, taking inventory of his injuries, but most everything hurts. Except for his back, which is still mercifully numb.
Dean wants to rip the ugly tie from around Castiel’s neck and get down to business already, wants to see him in all his naked glory, but teasing Castiel is intoxicating, watching the rise and fall of his chest as he tries to control his breathing, the clenched fists at his sides that Dean wishes were tangled in his hair.
“Made me so hard watchin’ you. Just imagining those legs wrapped around me.” The man grabs Dean’s ass, kneading it with a clammy palm.
The coffee shop is packed with people. One woman is behind the counter, both taking orders and making them, flying back and forth so quickly Dean thinks she blurs for a moment. But she still isn’t fast enough to keep up with the demanding line of customers.
“Dunno,” Dean says and licks some sauce off his finger, “I had a couple of cups of coffee at work today.”
Dean isn’t giggling when he has to sit on a red ass during dinner, which ends up being frozen pizza instead of tacos, both of them too tired after their impromptu round of sex to finish cooking.
“At the very least it would have put me in a very embarrassing position. So I had to sit there, even after the meeting was over, waiting for everyone else to leave so they wouldn’t notice that my brat of a boyfriend got me hard during the meeting.”
“Hush now, pet.” Alastair’s voice turns soothing, a mockery of the term, as he runs his fingers down Dean’s chest. “I’ll fix that attitude of yours.”
Dean sits up straight, disentangling himself from Castiel’s arms. “I’m a little concerned now, but yeah, sure.”
“You didn’t hear the crack when your head hit the floor,” Dean pouts. His voice is low and grumbly, like he’d set up a blender inside his own throat.
Teasing Castiel before was fun and there’ll be plenty of time to properly tease him another day, but Dean wants to see how quickly he can make him crumble. He wants to tear down his wall of calm, composed businessman and reduce Castiel to a brainless puddle on the couch.
Dean grits his teeth as he lies, “No, Master.” Saying ‘yes’ would just evoke his Master’s anger. The one thing he prides himself on is that he knows how to please his Master.
“I doubt Sam would be who is today without you. Not only that, but you should be very proud of your own accomplishments.”
“Make it go away.” Dean nuzzles into Castiel’s touch, turning to press kisses to his hand. “Please, please, Castiel.”
Okay, that’s a lie. Maybe he had thought about what it would be like subbing for Castiel: a firm hand to make him soar and gentle caresses to bring him back down. But the thought of a real, intimate, long-term relationship? That hadn’t really occurred to him; it wasn’t something he thought he wanted.
When Dean comes out of the bathroom he hears hushed voices coming from a room just down the hall. He’s about to go back downstairs, but he hears Castiel’s voice. He creeps closer and hears Castiel say, “He was acting differently after I came back, so you obviously said
Dean scoffs. “I got a Bachelor of Education, I didn’t win the Nobel Peace Prize. And Sam is Sam; I didn’t do anything to make him who he is.”
“Uh, thanks,” Dean says, blushing at the compliment, “I love being on stage; it feels like the only place I can really let go, y’know?”
“A few friends are having a get-together tomorrow.” Castiel is already typing a reply on his phone. “We have game night every Sunday, but I’ve blown it off the past couple weeks, so I really should go this week. I’m sorry, I totally forgot.”
He’s bouncing his leg while he sits on the couch and he shifts to get up but Castiel grabs his arm and pulls him back down to the couch.
Castiel makes a humming noise as works his tongue further inside and Dean moans as the sound reverberates through his body, sending jolts of pleasure tingling just under his skin.
Castiel rests a hand on Dean’s thigh. “I have a friend who might be willing to see you if you’re interested.”
Castiel’s brow draws together as he watches Dean fidget in his seat, making the stool creak and swivel. “Would you like to get some fresh air?”
The sounds of Dean blowing Castiel fill the otherwise quiet room and Dean blushes at the loudness of it. He’s displeased that Castiel is silent above him, save for his rapid breathing and the occasional low groan. He wants his sounds to be completely drowned out by Castiel’s reactions.
