Tony just needed to keep moving forwards and not forget which way was forward. It was easy as long as if he didn’t get lost. He didn’t want to take his chances ending up in heaven and upsetting whatever in charge.
The phone buzzed again in his hand, this time a text from Pepper. Steve must have been missing something.
“I’m worried about you. I hate it. Your either risking your life or being depressed Tony! Just. . . we don’t know what to do! I don’t know what to do. Then you go and do that! Don’t do that! Ever, Tony, never do it again.” The blonde paced around the room, waving his hands around. It caused Tony to flinch up on his feet as he stared.
“Oh? Really? You thought we had a future? What gave you that idea. If anything, you were a fucking waste of time.” Steve raised the gun onto Tony’s chest.
“Why are you here?” Steve looked out the window, not daring to make contact with Tony. He was sitting on the tiny grey couch, the one Tony brought when he moved in two years ago. That was the only thing left in the room that belonged to Tony, that and what was in his pocket and a box by the bed. Three non-significant objects now that the blonde wished would stay. Steve could feel the mans stare, fighting not to look back. If he did he would cry.
God, why didn’t the universe swallow him up right then and there.
“Why are you — saying all these things??? Where did they come from???” Tony yelled. He was against a wall and Steve was almost near him.
“Steve knows singers? You must mean the ones who created this song cause Steve knows absolutely nothing about today’s music. Those people are long gone, Thor.” Tony explained.
“Are you sure?”
“Juice boxes of course, since we are adults” Tony added, pulling a blanket over them.
God, he was an idiot.
Tony turned and scooted away but was pulled back in by Steve’s arm around his waist, but this time closer than before. Tony was basically being spooned! By Captain America no less!
Steve could hear Tonys heartbeat and how abnormally fast it was going compared to normal.
Soon the sobs soon died out and Tony unattached himself from Steve’s arm. He wiped the leftover tears from his face and face Steve, a small depressed smile on his face.
She made popcorn, drank threw a box of Capri Suns that her childish teammates bought, and was tempted to making cookies as well. Just to keep herself busy so that she wouldn’t miss Tony when he came in.
It was different than the press smiles, that one more forced and never fully reached his eyes. This one was softer, and actually made his eyes crinkle at the corners, it took years off his face. But really it was just genuine, something that’s hard to get out of Tony Stark.
Tony had been off the whole day.
Steve just- he just needed to . . . he needed to be sure.
What made it a nightmare was that Steve said those things. Steve! The man that wanted Tony to stop thinking like that. And he thought those things himself? Maybe it was the betrayal that scared Tony or the realization that everyone actually did hate him. But it hurt either way.
“What did you want to say?” Steve asked so very softly. God Tony loved this man. He had barely freaked out, went through an emotional nightmare involving the man that ended up in his bed but Steve just pushed it aside.
Tony probably wouldn’t feel the same anyway.
Natasha learns about Tony’s planetarium
“No, your open. You don’t hide behind walls or push everyone out. Your funny and cute and I want that. Not you being drunk, but you. Why can’t you see that.” Steve asked moving closer to Tony.
He needed to earn Tony’s trust and to do that he needed to be there. And the only way to be there was not to scare him away.
Steve especially didn’t deserve that.
The sun brought a warm heat on Tony’s cheek while he basked in the heat the bed held with closed eyes. It was nice. Too nice.
Tony was thankful for him. Tony was lucky to have him.
What the hell had Tony been doing?
“I had too, Steve. It’s our job. We’re the Avengers. That family could have died and Clint was down there too! I wasn’t going to let that happen.”
It was just easier for Tony to understand that way. To say it but not claim it.
“An ass.” The answer was automatic.
“Okay what?” Steve face turned relaxed, maybe a little smug, as he watch Tony stand.
“Yes, you dork!” Tony chucked trying to push Steve’s hands away. He flipped his body to look at Steve, and gave the man a peck on the cheek. Steve just smiled his smile. The smile Tony loves so much.
It was nice, having this time with Tony. Nat knew she was the only one, out of the team, who got to see the slowed down side of Tony. The one that wasn’t always worrying or overthinking. The one that wasn’t in a rush. All those sides of Tony where great, but Natasha likes this one best.
“Fuck off.” came out a sleepy voice.
(How did Steve get a gun when Tony couldn’t even get shoes?)
Steve gave another sigh. Tony probably won’t even remember this in the morning.
“There-you can have it.”
“You promise?” Tony glanced up at him instead of their hands intertwined.
“Banner! I need your assistance now.” Thor boomed as he walked into the doctors lab. The brunette sighed, taking off his glasses, and stared at Thor. Most instances it would be something unnecessary like how to work the oven or toaster, interrupting Bruce from his work. Bruce wasn’t mad, he quite liked explaining something simple than complex once in a while and Thor made everything seem out of this world. It was nice but today Bruce just wasn’t the day.
“You what?”
They entered a hotel room, with two twin sized beds and luxurious windows, only the best for Tony Stark.
Steve felt his shirt become damp. He looked down and Tony had tears running down his face.
But there he was, leaning outside a bar in a clean navy suit. His tie was undone and his jacket was barely on his shoulders. Steve let out a deep sigh in relief. Tony wasn’t hurt or dead or severely injured. He was mugged. No one was trying to kill him.
Tony slowly open his eyes, adjusting to the light, to find who this mysterious person was. One eye at time, he adjusted to see Steve.
Something bad must have happened.
“Are you okay?” Steve whispered.
“Just stop it Steve. Stop it!” Tony almost shrieked, arms swinging in a ‘x’ fashion. He breathing deeply now, trying to gain control of his panic and Steve wasn’t helping. Tony didn’t have time for love, he didn’t deserve it anyway. He wasn’t a relationship guy, no one wanted him long term, it just wouldn’t work out.
“No, I do. I do.  It won’t happen again, believe me on this. I’ll try okay.” Tony fought back.
It was all very quick as Steve fell back on his ass.
Funnily enough…Tony liked this team. Liked this team enough to build them all rooms in this tower. Liked them enough to throw himself wholeheartedly into this whole team thing. And that was something Rhodey could never have predicted.
“That’s…not really a compliment.”
Steve’s answering smile was warm and affectionate and sent Tony’s stomach wiggling again (it didn’t stop when he told it to). “I’m glad, Shellhead.” His eyes darted up briefly before returning to Tony.
The balcony doors slid open, letting him inside. JARVIS turned on several dim lights, giving him enough light so he could see without stumbling over a stray beer bottle, ping pong balls, or – on one horrendous occasion – a purple thong.
“I have a perfectly serviceable cot in the workshop,” Tony said, not quite sure how they’d gotten to this point. The others were watching them like a tennis match. “You’ve slept on it.”
immune systems, okay? Some of us are puny humans and will occasionally get sniffles. And maybe a temperature.”
“Sorry!” Steve was wide-eyed, hair rumpled and sleeping shirt askew. “I…I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“Party’s just getting started. I’ve got time.”
(He’d been a better liar at one point.)
Tony looked up as Steve walked off, seeing the offending piece of mistletoe strung up on the ceiling. He didn’t exactly remember ordering mistletoe, but apparently he must have done it.
Tony glanced up, seeing a sprig of mistletoe overhead that he was relatively sure hadn’t been there before. Not that he’d checked before standing here, but surely he would’ve noticed that before?
Uncertain, Tony stalled by taking another sip of his almost empty eggnog. He wasn’t sure why Steve was asking him about Tony Stark’s whereabouts. Especially since Tony Stark had done his best to not get too close to any of the Avengers.
“Screw the Malnussians.” Tony slid a hand under Steve’s arm and over his back, pulling him into a hug. “I’m going to give Rhodey a year’s worth of upgrades the next time he visits.”
Steve looked mildly amused. “Sure, Tony. Why don’t you just take it back?”
Yeah. Definitely.
). “I know we made this kind of a tradition for us but even tradition has to skip a year sometimes—”
“We’re not in a relationship,” Tony said when Steve remained silent. “I don’t think it would be good if we go to the…er…Malnussians under false premises.”
This was going to be fantastic.
“There are not many planets that have paired leaders,” K’salk’adi continued. “When Thor informed us that your planet did have one such pair, we were greatly relieved that you would understand our way of thinking. Discussions on how to align two different planets always work more smoothly when we have cultural similarities.”
Once upon a time, Tony Stark had hated Steve Rogers’s guts. Once upon a time, Tony had been raised on stories of Captain America’s exploits and his beautiful, virtuous nature and how he could never live up to such a gorgeous ideal of manly perfection. Once upon a time, Tony had been the biggest Captain America fanboy, down to stuffed bears, somewhat iffy posters, and Halloween costumes.
The door slid shut behind them once they were inside the room. Tony almost wished it made a sound to accommodate the pervasive feeling of dread that had settled in his stomach.
“I’m afraid we can’t promise that others won’t be violent,” Steve said honestly, giving them a genuine smile. “But I can tell you that we will do our very best to make sure that discussions proceed smoothly.”
“Malnussians.”
. Because this was not supposed to happen. (Only who was Tony kidding? Rhodey had told him he had octopus-like tendencies. Apparently Steve was just as octopus-like.)
Steve didn’t look away, even though his blush was decidedly darker than before. “And if I do?”
Tony could have asked what Steve meant by “this.” The first time they kissed? The first time they stood next to each other at a party filled with Avengers?
The ink had taken weeks to get off the docks.
There was someone sleeping on the couch, so Rhodey softened his footsteps, creeping around the edges of the room. He stopped upon recognizing Tony’s feet.
“I’m the lucky one. No, shush, I am.” Tony kissed Steve before he could protest.
wearing nothing but reinforced leather and chainmail. Are you interested in becoming shish kebab next time?”
“I, uh…” Steve shifted his weight, folding his arms over his chest. “Left,” he said eventually. “If you…don’t mind.”
He rubbed at his forehead, breathing in deeply.
Tony looked up from the glass of eggnog he had been contemplating to see Steve standing there, looking strangely shy in a manner not at all befitting Captain America.
“He said he had something to do,” Tony said eventually. “He’s not going to be here tonight. Why?”
“I’m not.” Tony held the glass to his chest, biting the inside of his mouth. “I was just…remembering.”
Tony shrugged, waving a hand. “I don’t know! I’ve been…told that it looks like we may be dating? So…uh…are we?”
Tony was tempted for a one horrible second. “No. That’s a terrible idea, and that’s coming from me. No, just… This is going to go badly, isn’t it?”
Tony felt his cheeks warm, glad that his suit hid the blush from Steve. “Why do you think I’m here?” he said instead, lightly.
“Somehow you keep getting me under mistletoe,” Tony said wryly.
“So long as we don’t get another call,” Steve said, turning to click the TV on. He was unsurprised to find that the movie was already queued up and ready to go.
Steve squinted at him as if he heard the lie.
It would have been adorable if it hadn’t been
Maybe everything wasn’t perfect, but it was far more perfect than anything else he’d ever hoped to have in this life. He had time to work the kinks out, and he wasn’t alone anymore.
Not that Tony was averse to the idea of dating Steve. Steve was...Steve was fantastic. He was
Mentally groaning, Tony mashed his face into the pillow.
That…wasn’t what Rhodey was after, but okay. “You don’t know?”
wanted to be real, damn it).
use those two colors for my suits.”
“Uh-huh, yeah,
Rhodey
Barton nodded, mouth full of that sweet concoction Rhodey couldn’t be paid to go near.
. I don’t know if I can deal with that, Tony. I don’t want what happened before to happen again. I don’t want to lose this; I don’t want to lose you.”
“I haven’t worn khakis since you and Natasha destroyed my wardrobe.”
It was clear Steve didn’t want anything more than this. Just because Tony had realized (too late) that he
“War Machine,” Tony responded blandly, taking a pointed sip of his coffee. “Although at this point I can’t even call it War Machine. Looks more like a trussed up party favor than a lethal suit.”
“I try to be,” Tony said, feeling his own cheeks heat. He brought his glass up to hide the telltale flush.
“Better make it one you can keep,” Tony said.
Steve shook his head, glancing back at the single bed. “Is the bed at least a bed?”
“Why not?” Tony said when Steve said nothing else. He coughed, tucking one hand into his jeans pocket. “Well, uh, that’s what I was thinking anyway. I mean…I’d date that?” He shrugged, resisting the urge to cringe.
Tony looked up, managing a weak smile when he saw Steve there. “Cap, hey.” He wasn’t entirely sure what Steve wanted to say (with the weight of what had happened
“But maybe we should tell them something,” Steve continued, scratching the back of his head. “Because…they think we’re dating?”
“Just a bit,” Tony agreed, relaxing slightly despite himself. He didn’t roll over, not wanting to see what Steve looked like in the pale blue light of his arc reactor (wanting to see
Steve opened his eyes, the muzzy sleepiness on his face almost instantly being replaced by sharp awareness (and horror?). He jerked away from Tony, and the sudden loss of warmth had Tony reeling.
It was the first time Tony was at one of these parties as both Tony Stark
That just about summed up his life.
Tony was in deep, and Rhodey had only seen one interaction so far.
and who insisted he was fine even when the saddest movie in existence was playing on screen.
“For once not me!” Tony shot Rhodey a bright grin. “When’s the last time you got a video of me sans pants?”
Tony managed to swallow the bagel and washed down the last of the peanut butter with the coffee, narrowing his eyes and leaning forward over the table. “You just wait, Rogers.”
Tony shook his head. “Steve and I aren’t dating!”
Rhodey spent more time in the workshop than Pepper, sometimes letting Tony use him as a sounding board for his stickier ideas that took more time. Banner had his own lab but would sometimes play in Tony’s. Yet Rogers…
Steve’s brow furrowed. “Are we?”
“Indubitably, sir,” JARVIS said, sounding slightly sympathetic. “If I may…perhaps things are not as hopeless as they seem?”
Steve was fine with phone calls. Hell, he was actually more comfortable with text messages at this point, constantly shooting texts to Tony with pictures and the occasional gif. The gifs were usually far too sparkly.
Tony and Steve turned to each other and reached a mutual agreement to leave.
Steve let out a relieved exhale, heart pounding in his chest. “I will.”
Actually, was it even a bed? It didn’t have a bed frame or the requisite mattress expected of a bed. There were pillows but they looked like various soft, squishy things that the Malnussians had put on top of another soft, squishy thing that would appear to be their mattress. The entire setup was on the floor. There was a thin blanket provided that Tony wouldn’t even use in the summer unless he was on the beach.
“You have breakfast yet?” Steve asked, smiling brightly. “If not, I thought we could go check out this bagel place that just opened up?”
, then they could surely fool an entire race of aliens who had never met them before.
Tony shrugged, glancing up from his plate. “Probably not. I was surprised he managed to get away now. Why? You gonna miss him?”
. Just…fall asleep.
“It’s okay if you are,” Rhodey told him, squeezing Tony’s shoulder reassuringly. “I know you have a complicated history with Rogers considering your jerk of a dad, but it’s okay to move on from that. I’m just hurt you didn’t tell me that you moved on Pepper. It’s good that you did, you know?”
Barton was watching TV in his suite and eating something that looked sickly sweet and exactly like the cereal box in Tony’s cabinet. He was also drinking coffee out of the pot.
Tony picked one of the soft, squishy things up as Steve went to inspect their bathroom. He squeezed it between his hands, finding it highly malleable. It regained its former shape the instant he let go.
Tony didn’t blink. “You jealous, platypus? You shouldn’t be. You know you’re the only one in my heart.”
. And
To Tony’s surprise, Steve went pink and averted his gaze. He mumbled something that Tony didn’t catch and stumbled off to the bedroom, nearly tripping over a stray shoe.
Tony looked relatively perky the next morning. Which probably meant he was on his third cup of coffee. He also had a plate of eggs and bacon in front of him, which Rhodey hoped he had
Only it had probably started with the handshake after the aliens in New York and continued when Tony invited the team to live in that “ugly” tower. Steve had come along without complaints, although he hadn’t interacted much with Tony at that point.
“I’m…” Steve exhaled, shaking his head. “I’m not excited about everyone thinking we’re in a relationship. It’s…it seems a little cruel, like there’s a certain intimacy level that friends aren’t allowed to have. When I grew up…” He shrugged. “It was different. We wouldn’t have looked twice at two guys like us.”
Natasha rolled her eyes, pinching Clint in the bicep. “I’m sure you two have it handled,” she told Steve and Tony. She looked to Tony. “Don’t let him mess it up,” she said very seriously, eyes flicking to Steve.
“Uh-huh.” Rhodey snatched another piece of bacon, appreciating the crispiness that was done just right. Tony definitely hadn’t cooked this. Last time Tony had cooked bacon it had been too rubbery; before that it had been burnt black because he’d been distracted by something shiny. “There something you want to tell me?”
He didn’t want to hear Tony say that he shouldn’t.
Steve made sure to meet Tony’s eyes, giving him a small smile. “It is.”
By the morning Rhodey had to leave, he had a plan in mind, sidling up beside Tony and stealing the last of the coffee.
“Okay,” Tony managed when Steve said nothing else. “Let’s just… We’ll talk about this at home.”
Tony had no time to react at all before Steve leaned and pressed his lips to the spot on his faceplate where his cheek would normally be. But he could feel his cheeks burning and his stomach turn over several times in no way related to the eggnog.
“I guess you’d know, huh?” Barton gave Rhodey an easy grin. “So…you don’t trust Steve either, right?”
Rhodey could talk to Banner but JARVIS told him he was sleeping and Rhodey wasn’t about to go poking any sleeping giants. He at least had some sense of self-preservation.
When he looked, Steve was looking at him with worried eyes, lips pressed together.
“Oh.” Bruce’s voice sounded dull. “That…doesn’t sound too good.”
“No, you came for my electrifying company,” Tony agreed brightly. “It’s what brings all the boys to the yard.”
It was like the world’s worst memory foam mattress.
He definitely hadn’t meant to say that out loud. Tony kept his mouth firmly shut as he closed his eyes, breathing in and swimming in Steve’s warmth and scent. He was so
Tony at this point.
“If you want honey, I think there’s some in the cabinet?” Barton said inanely.
Friends that slept on top of each other?
Rhodey wasn’t expecting a greeting from Tony at this time. The visit had been spur of the moment, Rhodey getting some time to spend with his best friend under “official duties,” and Tony had been spending time with his new teammates.
“The better question is why do
“It was the perfect excuse,” Steve continued, pressing his face to Tony’s shoulder. “And I just…kept doing it. Because if it was all I could get…”
! And then he never told me that what he was apologizing for was dying!”
“I’m afraid not.”
Although Steve’s kiss had been to the metal of the suit, Tony’s cheek burned like it had been to skin instead.
“I know.” Steve gave Tony a gentle smile. “But it wasn’t always like this. And I guess I just like tradition.”
“Hey, Tony.”
Giving him a small smile, Tony was perturbed when Steve’s response was a strained smile.
Steve’s answer was another kiss, this one on the lips. It was gentle and dry, simply a press of lips, but it was so tender that it warmed Tony’s chest. When he drew apart, he murmured, “You don’t even have to ask, Shellhead.”
“I understood that reference,” Rogers called out, sounding inordinately pleased with himself.
baseball, art museums, and – one time – a motorcycle show that wasn’t at all boring (he suspected it was pity for subjecting Tony to a four hour tour of an art museum that had Tony near bored to tears).
Fury shrugged, clearly unashamed. “I’ll get the reports from Barton or Romanov. You two have some snuggling to do if you’re going to cozy up to the Melnassians.”
Because there was no way that Tony Stark was sleeping on
He couldn’t have predicted the fallout after Tony carried a nuke through a portal to outer space, but he had known that Pepper wasn’t the fondest of Tony’s Iron Man activities. That had just been one too many black marks for her, and there went Tony’s heart.
glad to be in a suit that fight. The mosquito bites the others had gotten had taken a while to clear up.
Tony shook his head, running fingers through his hair. No. It wasn’t worth it.
Steve grumbled something under his breath, rubbing his face against Tony’s arm.
“Just lucky, I guess.” Steve flashed Tony an unrepentant grin. “Hold that thought.”
“It creates
A glance up confirmed this, although Tony was relatively sure there had been no mistletoe there when he’d first started standing here. He suspected meddling, but it didn’t bother him. He tilted his head, smiling at Steve. “You gonna kiss me properly, then, Winghead?”
Gathering whatever courage he could, Steve surged forwards. “I love you,” he repeated quickly. “God, Tony, you’ve no idea how happy you make me. I hope I make you as happy as you’ve made me, and I never want to stop fighting by your side. You’ve been a rock in this future, and I can’t believe how damn
Tony’s chest warmed. “Yeah?”
“I am not joking,” Thor said, looking only vaguely offended at the notion. Time was that Tony would have had to explain the metaphor; thank God Thor had picked up enough Earth slang to follow along.
Tony wasn’t sure if he was breathing. He definitely wasn’t blinking, staring at Steve. It didn’t…it didn’t make sense. What Steve was saying…what Tony knew…things like this didn’t just happen, did they?
“I missed you then,” Steve said, the corner of his mouth turning up in a small smile. “I’m glad you’re here now.”
Steve returned Tony’s question with one of his own. “Would you want them to change?”
“Preferably not to a mirror.”
Yet it was impossible to miss Steve’s body heat as he moved closer, coming to stand directly by Tony. His friend was in civilian clothes this year, although a hint of blue chainmail peeked out of the top of his shirt where his collar was slightly disheveled.
Steve shot him a look. “You’d ask those same questions.”
times he had been…not home), but it was the first time for…other…things…
“Yeah, uh…” Bruce adjusted his glasses. “I’ll have JARVIS ping me when Thor’s here.”
Tony twitched slightly. “What?”
Tony didn’t say anything else, but he almost dropped his glass when Steve gave him a hug, followed by a tender kiss to his cheek.
“Is it the one that’s colored red-and-gold or red-and-gold?”
He couldn’t remember that civil war – was so damn grateful that he
“Nah,” Steve said, stroking his thumb over Tony’s neck. “More like a promise.”
Tony didn’t exactly hold that thought as Steve wove his way back through the party in search of more eggnog. He contemplated it briefly and what it meant that Steve had somehow finagled Tony under mistletoe for practically every Christmas party for
Half of their bed was comprised of these pillows.
Steve was in bed under the flimsy blanket when Tony finished his routine in the bathroom. His back was towards Tony, so he wasn’t able to see what kind of expression Steve had on his face.
“I’m down so long as they don’t go for mind control,” Clint said, stretching and rolling to his feet in one limber move that had Tony’s spine aching in sympathy. “But you said possibly hostile, right? So we might not need to fight?”
That…wasn’t even possible in that game. There wasn’t even a shortcut on that particular track.
Natasha hummed under her breath, which was basically a neon light saying “fat chance.”
“I saw them for two minutes last night while they were dead asleep and I could see that. But it takes more than sharing a couch to make a relationship.” Rhodey stood. “I don’t want to have to put him back together again.”
Sighing, Tony relaxed into the arm that slipped around his waist. “You did that on purpose.”
and Tony let himself hope that he could keep this.
A chest plate and a failing heart didn’t make for easy friendships.
“You…” Steve paused, frowning. “How do you know that?”
want this?”
Several arguments, a civil war, and an alien invasion later, Tony found himself standing in the same room as Steve and not in an argument with his former best friend. That it was Christmas probably had something to do with the matter.
“I did say that,” Thor agreed slowly, still frowning. “However…”
“Sorry, boss. It’s a one-off.”
“Not this one,” Tony pointed out and turned to the prophecy of
. Still on their firearms. So much blood on his hands. No amount of clean energy or intelli-crops or medical prosthetics would ever be able to wipe out the red in his ledger.
“She fought a basilisk. She was very brave,” Steve said, telling him the hard truth. “I’m so sorry, Bucky. I love you. We’re all going to be here for you. You know that, right?” he added, trying to soften the blow.
Thanos shrugged. “The hardest choices require the strongest wills.”
I'm so sorry for the delay in posting this. Real life happened and I had to rewrite this chapter a couple of times.
His eyes went back to the image. Steve was writhing now, struggling to break free from his bonds.
“The only thing that you can,” she answered, as she looked at him with a meaningful smile. “Your very best. And it starts with facing your problems, instead of running away.”
That got Steve’s attention in a heartbeat. “Okay. Okay. What do you want me to do?”
But Steve had already turned away and was marching inside.
While waiting for Howard to craft a small crucible out of dragonbone, complete with the magical runes etched on its rim, Steve spent the rest of the evening studying the spell, and examined the wording and each turn of phrase for any form of deceit or trickery:
Tony trembled in Steve’s arms as he tried to process the devastating news. Steve didn’t offer him words of comfort, knowing that no words could ease the pain of a bereaved child. He just held Tony close as painful sobs racked his body and ripped him apart.
The peninsula made up of both Armestria and Valoria is commonly referred to as Armeria.
“Where’s Tony? I can't leave without him,” Steve said, looking everywhere but at his enormous body and large wings, which were shimmering with scales of red and gold.
“I’m fine,” Steve assured him, even though he secretly wished he would catch fire and burn with the house that held all these painful memories for him. Maybe it was only then that he’d finally be bright enough for his beautiful star.
“It was me,” Steve said, feeling melancholy all of a sudden. His destiny had always been tied to Tony, but he would just be one of Tony’s many encounters as part of his long life.
Saturday night. The night they would take Steve’s motorcycle downtown, have cheeseburgers and milkshakes at a diner before watching a film at the local theatre.
The wind sang in their ears as the world rushed by, and the stars trailed in their wake. Even with the moon shrouded in cloud, Tony easily found the chain of volcanoes that marked the border between Armestria and Valoria. Legend had it that the Dracarex Hylls, which lay in the shape of a fallen dragon, were the remains of Rex Divinus, still boiling with fury, unable to rest.
All that stood in the way of their separation was their mission to end the cruel reign of Emperor Thanos and destroy what was left of the dragonstones, which was a task that Tony only seemed too eager to complete.
The park was crowded with families enjoying picnics and bicycle rides that fine summer day and Tony soon found himself reminiscing about afternoons at the park with his parents. Alone, he could only watch enviously as blissful couples walked past him, trading kisses and sharing ice-cream cones.
At the penthouse, Tony found Fury lying on an armchair. Music was playing on their turntable. He stopped in his tracks, looking warily at the man of secrets. “I don’t remember giving you the access codes.”
Tony used to love having Steve’s arms around him, like a suit of armour. But now that he
“And?” Tony asked, holding his breath expectantly. “How many did we win?”
“Good morning.”
"Stop it," he tried to say, but was arrested in a fog between moving and being, unable to resist the invasion of his mind.
“It is good tea,” Strange said calmly as he took a sip.
Pietro looked mildly impressed. “Have you not listened to a word I said?” he asked, raising a brow. “Thanos is no
“Tony, you’re quoting
“Well, we need you," Tony said apologetically. "You go on vacation for five days and everything goes to shit."
“It’s the
Leaning in, Steve was so close that Tony could feel his hot breath against his cheek, as Steve’s warm mouth touched his. Tony melted into the kiss, which lasted several moments, finally pulling away when he had to breathe.
“All right, back up,” Rhodey said, when Tony flew under his glimmering silver wings. You’re going to get your wings frozen,” Rhodey warned. He released a barrage of hailstones at the berserkers below him, which caused the enemy to rapidly disperse.
Which was why he had to kill Obie.
(See the end of the chapter for
. Not in any universe. Stop trying to fit in,” Bucky said, calling Steve out for wearing undersized T-shirts.
It was, after all, a distinctly different plant.
He was a child, having only just celebrated his tenth birthday. They hadn’t hurt him. Even HYDRA had their limits. But they had no problems drilling the words into this man’s head, breaking him and his will to pieces as they turned him into their own
Tony leaned over and kissed his forehead, as he ran the pads of his thumbs under Steve’s wet eyes. “No, of course, you didn’t, but do you know what happens when a dragon is separated from their treasure?”
“Good. Steve - He’s a good husband - ”
The prince made his way toward the party, closely followed by his knight and a younger-looking page. He stopped in front of Steve and flashed him a smile, his full lips parting to reveal a row of dazzling teeth. Steve stopped dead for a long moment, unable to move. It was only when Prince Anthony pressed his hands together to offer a bow that he snapped into action and touched the prince lightly to stop him. “We don’t do that anymore,” Steve explained.
“I do,” Rhodey answered, grinning back at him.
Steve’s lips formed the beginnings of a smile. “I did hear the beating of wings.”
“How many men?” Steve asked, his face grim.
“Clint,” Steve warned.
to love me.”
“No, Tony. No,” Steve muttered, holding Tony firmly by the shoulders. “You don’t have to do this. I don’t need anything from you.”
“Which floor? Where is she?” someone asked, in a rich, smoky voice.
“Tony?”
The battle scene is based on Avengers: Infinity War with some Return of the King from the LOTR Trilogy.
Once Steve had revealed its location – under the heartewoode tree in Kingsgarden, it didn’t take long for a talented sorcerer like Lord Strange to retrieve the coveted gem from under layers of dirt and a complicated chain of concealment charms.
“You going to spend your money trying to win me a stuffed bear?” he asked, because that was the yardstick of true love.
In the chaos, Tony felt Steve’s hands on his shoulders, grounding him. “Tony, get Iron Man. We could use his help. Then stay in our room and do not leave. I will come for you once it’s safe.”
"Gum?” Fury offered, after a pause, although he held out a flash drive, which Tony reluctantly accepted and slipped into the pocket of his jeans. Then, Fury sank down further in the armchair and closed his eyes.
. Tony had to tell him. Steve really hated it when people didn't tell him stuff.
Tony took a deep whiff of the mead in the air. “Are you okay?” he asked. “How much have you been drinking?”
Happy New Year! I hope everyone has a great year ahead of them, blessed with good health and happiness!
Like Howard, Tony was more than a little obsessed. He kept his posters and a complete collection of his cards. They were mint. Was it impertinent to ask him to autograph them, now that they were about to be married?
“Tony,” Steve said, his voice dangerously soft, though his eyes and the set to his jaw and his whole damned face was hard. “Don’t make this harder than it needs to be. Give it to me. And I won’t take anything else from you again. I promise.”
Steve leaned into her embrace. “I’m so tired,” he confessed.
Steve had to take a deep breath to calm himself. “Sounds fair,” he said.
“The Royal Healer?” Tony asked, recognising the name. Yinsen held his work in high regard and had often mentioned him in conversation.
“So, you’re not allowed to be Iron Man,” he summarised for him, post-rant.
As his head began to slump backward, he heard the distinct sound of a sword flying across the room.
An older version of Pietro’s face, with grey eyes and silver hair came to his mind. It belonged to a man who read minds and moved things, just like Wanda did. And if King Maxwell of Anguisia was their father, they had to be the Eisenhardt twins.
playset to his husband.
“Sam, are you seeing this?”
“Well, what does the beast want?” Sam asked, and wawtched warily as the serpent slithered into sight.
He watched as Steve slept, longing to run his hand through his soft hair, but his right arm was in a sling and his left was cocooned in Steve’s. He ached to lean over and kiss him, lips desperate for the warm skin inches away. But he couldn’t bear to wake his husband, whose exhausted body, still clad in uniform, lay hunched over the gurney.
Steve nodded as his own heart began to race.
“I can see why,” Tony said, as he took in the stunning view. It was a cool evening, and Steve moved to stand behind him, so close that Tony could feel his warm breath at the back of his neck.
Nearby, the Hulk was struggling to free himself from a berserker pile. “Gyahhhh! Too many!” he complained.
dropped
Strange nodded. “We should talk inside.”
His mother sighed softly as she smoothed a hand over his windswept hair, letting it come to rest against his cheek. “This isn’t the same,” she said in a voice laced with concern. “Steve, this is your life. This is your happiness.”
Despite his stony expression, Steve looked soft and cuddly with his grown-out hair and a jaw of gold fuzz that accentuated the hollows in his cheeks. Under his red-rimmed eyes, Tony could make out puffy bags and a couple of new lines he didn’t think had been there before.
Tony had been teasing when he asked if Steve had something against running away. But Steve had been earnest and sincere in telling him that running wasn’t a solution. But fighting was. And if you loved or wanted something badly enough, you’d always stay and fight for it.
“Really?" Steve asked, with a wry smile on his face. "Because there are other things I’d rather be doing.”
Tony lost the valiant battle with his tears, blotting them with his sleeve. “I’m sorry to impose,” he apologised. “I – I’ve lost my way.”
The first thing he did was to find information on
“Yes,” Tony admitted, and gazed back into the throne room, where his love and friends were still at rest.  “Protecting the people - isn’t that the mission?” he asked, before he brushed past Thanos in order to step out of the high gates and into the sunshine.
“Why?”
“How did you know we were in trouble?” Tony asked.
“No, no. Hush. Don’t say that.”
“I can’t,” he told her. “Not when I know that what I’m doing is right.”
Minding his tail, Tony sank down onto the soft grass and rested his back against the solid trunk of the tree. His day had got off to an early start, and Tony had been flying without much of a break, so the effects of fatigue were beginning to set in.
The look on Tony’s face - shy and uncertain, was one that always made him soft. “I promise. I could never be mad at you,” he said.
Steve turned to address his fine warriors on his ship, knowing each of them by name. He’d trained together with some, fought together with more, and he was privileged to count them among his family.
“Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists. The ones who do call him the Winter Soldier. He's been credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last fifty years.”
“Where is the stone?” Ivan boomed and the specks of spittle forced Tony to take a step back.
“Dude, we’ve talked about this,” Tony huffed, as he glared at the intruder.
“Wow,” Steve whispered, fondly. “Look at you. All grown up.”
“Later, later, you shifty traitor.”
“The fact that he has his eye on Valoria, indicates that the stone he seeks might be here. Might you by any chance know something of it?”  Loki asked, as he turned to Steve for an answer.
Then, the Black Order made their move.
for the art!
Long, lanky arms tightened around Tony’s neck and he could feel the slender man resting against his back. He mustn’t have weighed more than 100 pounds, which was sort of a good thing, considering the long and fairly challenging walk to the car amidst a panicked, jostling crowd.
Tony felt his heart sinking to the bottom of his stomach. "Are they now?"
Before anyone could process what was going on, Natasha took a shot at the assassin. He tossed something back and vanished into a cloud of smoke.
Over the last five days, while in the deepest throes of agony, Steve learned that there were a total of 8096 stones on the wall. 616 of them had rounded corners and 1610 had squared ones, with the rest of the stones having a mix of both. 1872 were large, 2108 of them were mid-sized, 3490 of them were small, and the rest were so tiny that Steve had missed them on the first count.
“Steve, Steve! Wait!” Tony called as he scrambled off his chair but got caught up in the cables surrounding it.
Please note that there is some noncon and dubcon in this chapter but not between Steve and Tony.
“Then, finish it,” Steve gasped, looking defeated. “Because I’m -.”
Gravitating towards each other, they found an equilibrium in their orbits. Like the figures of ‘8’ Steve was drawing on his back to lull him back to sleep.
“Go ahead, my child,” Thanos said, as he stepped aside for her to come forward and wrap the red vortex of her presence around Tony’s mind.
“Flank ready, my king.”
“Nope,” Tony told him. “All our people are depending on it.” Then, he closed his eyes.
“I’m glad," Maria said, taking his hand. "Your father was obsessed with finding you a good home. He may have gone overboard at times, but really, there's nothing he wouldn't do for you.”
. Tony had even once remarked on the coincidence that their best friends shared the same given name. What was more incredible that neither of them went by it.
By midday, after hours of aimless wandering, Tony had charted a course for them, making sure to explore his favourite exhibits multiple times before making the return trip home.
“Yes,” Tony said, truthfully, and a mix of emotions swirled in his gut - one half mourning the child forced to grow up, and the other yearning to become the man he was meant to be. “You?”
Instead of his parents, Steve was beside him, tossing and turning in his sleep. Tony glanced at him, observing the perspiration dotting his forehead. His face was taut with tension, eyes squeezed tightly as they remained shut, keeping their owner trapped in a different sort of dream.
Tony was off like an arrow, but despite his desperate manoeuvres to outfly the dragon, Midnight hovered above them with her sneer drawn wide. Her tongue was out and dripping with –
not the ones marrying a complete stranger."
Howard said. Like everything else he'd ever done for him. Striking him was for his own good too. So, why then, did he almost seem to feel bad about it, eyes red and face pale as he looked him over to see the damage he’d caused?
Tony felt himself rising into the air before his body hit the ground painfully, but the claws around his neck were mercifully gone. As oxygenated blood rushed back to his head and restored his sense of sight, Tony looked up to see Thanos raising his purple claws into the air, all ready to clap.
Ivan bellowed as lighting sizzled out of his eyes and tail while he tried breaking out of Peter’s hold.
“When did you get here, Mr Stark?” Fury asked, and Tony nearly jumped out of his seat. “Our pilot said you were a no-show. And, what are you doing? We brought you here to locate the tesseract.”
The enemy’s response was swift. Arrows rained down upon them in a terrifying arc. Through the thick fog, the Anguisians were shooting blind, but the arrows were no blanks and made firm contact with their unintended targets. They hay statues were softly illuminated by lanterns at the bow and stern, as
More recently, he’d pulled the fangstone from the mouth of Fin Fang Foom as the imperial bled out. He’d ransomed the scalestone from Drax the Destroyer while using his daughter as leverage. Having failed to capture Shieldberg, Thanos’ fleet had sailed to Attilan, to invade the country and raid its vaults for the iristone.
The juice was refreshing and sweet, which was a far cry from the very first berries grown in this garden. Despite all of Steve’s efforts to tend to them, that pitiful first batch had only borne a handful of white blossoms. And the few berries they’d painstakingly harvested were small, shrivelled and sour.
“I’m fine. It’s just- I’m- I just needed a moment. I didn’t want you to see me like this.”
Because Tony was a mechanic. And fixing things was what he did.
Steve’s eyes were fixed on the enemy slowly appearing above the horizon. “If you want.”
“Oh, don’t. We’ve just started talking. Do you know? Two years ago, you promised to meet me on this same rooftop but never showed. I often wonder what would have happened if you’d kept our date. We could have been married by now. I’m no Captain America, but I would have given you the world.”
He stayed awake all damned night.
The twins had arrived in his absence, and Wanda had taken Steve’s place on the edge of the bed, using her magic to lull Tony into deep, restorative sleep. Out of habit, Pietro was standing protectively beside her, despite the lack of any immediate threats.
He heard Steve’s clear voice reverberating through the cave. “Everything okay?”
Steve was already dressed, and he urged Tony to follow suit by tossing his clothes at him. “Come on,” he said, his shield already on his arm.
Howard had made plans to meet the young omega to thank him for his help, and now that he'd finally got the reluctant young man to agree on a place and time, he just had to come down with a "bad cold" that made it “impossible” for him to honour the 4 o’clock appointment that he "couldn't postpone". There were more holes in the story than the vigorous game of golf his convalescing father had played that very morning, and Tony wasn’t naive, so he knew exactly what Howard was playing at.
Despite their meticulous planning, the battle was a mess. They were greatly outnumbered and severely outmatched by the Chitauri forces. Too many close brushes with death. Loki opened the portal. The quinjet crashed. Bruce had trouble turning into the Hulk.
“Yeah. Us,” Steve managed to say. “Oh, God,” he said, feeling defeated.
Jarvis shrugged. “You know what they say? Plant and you plant together. Weed and you weed alone. Ana’s always busy when it’s time to take out the weeds. She’s gone to the atelier.” he explained, referring to Ana’s private workshop, where she made bespoke jewellery for an exclusive clientele.
“I liked the way you cooked,” Steve said, after a few moments of silence.
The silence over his earpiece was finally broken by the a harsh sob. “I know - I know - who you are,” Steve said, his breath hitching.
Tony removed his hands and looked at Steve. His face was blood red, it was kinda funny, but a smile on there as well.
Especially when they were chatting were New York’s governor.
He turned the corner into the living room, and found the voice! He saw Tony with headphones on, singing!
“And what would we win?” Steve sighed. This was stupid, and he knew that, but it seemed worth a try. Tony just confused Steve to a point that it was impossible to be near him. They always fought over something stupid or the fight the team had, but it was horrible. After each fight Tony would disappear for a few days and no one would see him. Steve had no idea what he was going during those disappearing acts but he wanted it to end.
They parted ways quickly.
They didn’t care what he was doing or where he went, but they were curious.
“I want you” It was barely audible, like the wind moving calmly on an uneventful day.
It was just peachy.
“Are you sure?”
And Tony deserved it.
“We should wake him up. Right?” Clint asked. He set the tray down and lead over the smaller man.
He just had to find that voice!
“Oh I see. You just wanted to get close with me huh?” Steve jokes. But Tony didn’t laugh, he didn’t smile, his neck didn’t even turn red. Something truly terrible must have happened. All Tony did was flirt.
“I’m trying to put you to bed, you genius.” Steve chucked. That caught him by surprise but at least Tony was trying to change. Tony gave out a small “oh” and leaned back into his pillows.
Family emergency? Natasha heart squeezed at the realization as the betrayal sizzled out. It gave her an extra pep in her step when she went into the kitchen just thinking of all the different ways she could tease Tony. All she could do now was wait.
He needed to fix this.
“Where’d you get that from?”
Steve fell asleep looking at the man, absently wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist bringing him closer. It was nice. Nice to forget about what had all just happened.
And Steve was sick of it.
“Umm- I will be, I guess.” Tony spoke. He stopped looking outside but instead at their hands intertwined.
This is shorter but whatever
Steve knocked again.
But Steve still saw how his bones still sagged and it looked as if he was dragging his feet. Not as bouncy as he would be. Maybe today was one of those slow mornings just a little less sleepy than usual. Tony sat on the floor by the closet door, and started to put on his shoes.
“Yeah but what do you want? Why have we been doing all this?” Tony waves his arms around the room. He was completely clueless. Was this a once and then it’s over type thing? Was Tony an experiment or test?
“I am just . . . speechless. You look beautiful.” A grin spread on Tony’s face as he leaded in, connecting their foreheads.
Something was wrong.
And he was willing to admit that there was some attraction involved to the smaller man. But just a bit.
“Thanks. For this I mean. Well you already know what I’m thanking you for. But you didn’t have to do all this, it looks brand new!”
Steve kept his fist clasped together pushing the glass deeper into his skin. There wasn’t much pain, certainly not enough for him to actually show it on his face, but it was enough to bring him back to reality.
Tony was too good for Steve.
“We did it because were a team and we wanted to do something nice for you. No catch.” Bruce said sternly. Well, sternly enough for Tony to actually listen and not go into his pit of overthinking.
And people don’t change.
Steve’s face scrunched up in confusion as his mouth hanged agape. His heart stopped when Tony fell from the sky. He was so scared that Tony was gone, just like New York, he was so close to gone. Steve hated that feeling. He thought Tony knew that, he remembered yelling at him about it, he had to know.
“It’s Steve.” He cleared his throat.
Steve thought Tony had stopped drinking long ago, about right after the battle of New York. That was a few months ago but being sober was hard goal to keep, Steve had admit. He wasn’t mad or disappointed.
His eyes were frantic, trying to figure out where he was. Tony was breathing hard and trying to calm down, as he held the arc reactor. He didn’t make eye contact with the team.
Tony gave out a content sound, like a happy sigh, as Steve snugged deep down in the covers. It was quiet the only sound being Tony’s breathing.
If he was the universe this wouldn’t be happening.
But it was very exact and looked like a real park. It was beautiful and he didn’t think Tony was capable of something like his. But Tony was an engineer and did have to draw blueprints once a upon a time. He had to be steady with his hands when working in the lab. So all of that kinda applied to painting, when you thought about it. Tony was already amazing at engineering so he had to be even better at this.
With Steve!
Instead, Tony stared at his hands like they were evil.  They were shaking again and he couldn’t get them to stop. They were quite calloused from the hours he spent in the lab and didn’t have much of an appeal. But Natasha tiny hands could fit perfectly in his. She reached over and grabbed one of his, squeezing it tight.
Tony was by his desk when Steve walked in. The bandages were gone but the scars- they weren’t going away anytime soon. It didn’t make him ugly, no it just added to his attractiveness. But Steve wasn’t going to fall for his rugged face today.
Now Clint realized why he didn’t hang out with the team or go to the movie nights. It was quite simple now that he thought about it, but also quite eye opening. Clint would have never guessed Tony got like this around people but he had fallen for the façade disguising a deeper struggle. Which gave a reason as to why Happy had tried to hype him up before leaving or whenever Rhodey showed up Tony was all smiles.
“Take your blanket. And the painting too if you want it,” Tony’s eyes turned bloodshot and actually hurt, “ I don’t need them anymore.”
Tony never wanted just one kiss. Tony would usually be begging for more and never wanting to leave the bed. Tony wouldn’t be dressed before- Steve checked his phone, 6:30 am. Tony wouldn’t even be up that early!
Steve was aggressive, causing Tony to flinch, but he stood his ground. The blonde wasn’t going to miss out on this life that he missed with Peggy. He wasn’t going to miss out on his last chance at love because he was too scared to try.
“It’s peaceful, I have to admit.” She noticed how his fingers would shake and how he would try to hide them. The only think he kept hidden from her was what he thought was a weakness. His hand shaking, the nightmares, or how he got a rush of anxiety around people. How his eyes would sometimes water when the insults became too much.
That didn’t make it a nightmare.
Pepper said to look after Tony. Rhodey said to look after Tony. Even Jarvis said it in his vague words. Now Steve knew why. Tremors were overtaking his small body, chin trembling as tears flowed down his face. Tony looked so broken on that couch.
The sun didn’t shine on the bed in Tony’s room. The pillows were softer in Tony’s room. There wasn’t an arm wrapped around his waist pulling him closer in his room. And there definitely wasn’t a feeling of belonging in his room, with whoever he was snuggled close to.
Which was crazy.
But Tony was suffering, even more now. Steve could help, he could at least try. Work in an apology somehow or just make it up to him. Steve has done this before with people, he wasn’t shameful that he was wrong, just it was Tony. And he didn’t know what to do when it was Tony.
“Yeah, but I want to.” Steve took off Tony’s joggers and then started to undress himself. Once naked, he lowered himself into big tub, Tony still on the counter. Steve called him over and Tony clearly didn’t want to come. But the man hopped off the counter, finished undressing himself, and lowered himself into the tub, sitting on the other side. Steve watched as he made sure the reactor was a once the water. Their legs were touching under the bubbles and their arms long enough for their hands to touch.
The next morning, the game plan was a go when they saw Tony asleep on the couch.
“You need to be there for every fight, just like the rest of us. If you can’t even show up, why are you even in the team? “
“I’m a mess, Steve, like why do people even deal with me? I’m not even suppossedd to be drinking.” He slurred. The mans face scrunched up, showing his true age, as he tried to wipe the tears away.
“I especially loved the puppy love and the one with the wish for a head on your shoulder.”
But he really didn’t have him, didn’t he?
“No!” Tony said harshly. He wrapped the blanket closer to himself and seemed even more distant to Steve than when he was outside that door.
“I would the same.”
“Always.” Steve answered without hesitation. It wasn’t a lie to get answers or to win Tony’s love, he meant it. He would always mean it.
“Well, Bucky had to get me out every fight and patched me up for the next time i got hurt. He even did it when we were in the howling commandos; buck was always there for me. And your probably asleep now, aren’t you?” Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, moving the curls out of Tony’s eyesight. “Goodnight and sweet dreams and all that.”
Or maybe Steve wanted to ruin his life.
“What shall we do?” Thor asked quietly. But it still caused Tony to move and his brows to cease. They all were still until he returned back to his stance.
“Do you know any constellations?” She asked. Tony eyes lit up at the question.
Then Steve connected his hand to Tony’s check, wiping the tears away. And his eyes were soft and trusting.
“Sit on the bed and get comfy. Let me just-“ Tony rummaged through the first Aid kit for whatever tools he needed. Steve followed the orders and stared at Tony. This wasn’t helping himself, he knew it wasn’t. Maybe he needed to cut ties?Soon Tony turned around with a bright smile on his face, tweezers and small bandages in his hands. “Doctor Stark is here,” Tony tried to lighten the air.
“How is this my fault? You kissed back!” The blond suddenly grew angry, now standing as well. That kiss was everything and now Tony was acting like it was the worse thing to happen. But it couldn’t be, that was all Steve wanted. It felt like Tony wanted it too.
“In here, what did a miss? Your going to have to give me. . . a bit more information Cap.” It took Tony a bit of time to catch his breath. Steve couldn’t see the clear confusion in his eyes and that small glimpse of panic. No, he wouldn’t see it.
Steve needed to give it back. The last string needed to be cut no matter how much he didn’t want it too.
Steve with his blue eyes staring right back at him. The man was trying to hide a smile, pressing his lips together but the tips still pointing upwards. Gosh Steve was smiling at him.
Something important but probably wouldn’t count in the contest. Everyone knew that. Everyone had been sneaked up on by Tony at least once, even Natasha.
“I guess I’ll have to be the first.” Steve took held of his hand, “I guess we will have to see if this would work, which it probably will, before you go and say no.” Tony finally looked up into those blue eyes. He could the honesty in Steve eyes. The love.
Just a bit.
Tony didn’t know why Steve was saying all these nice things. It didn’t make sense, he had just made him cry and now Steve is encouraging him. Tony wasn’t all those nice things and he knew it, he had been told that since forever.
Clint had no idea why he was freaking out. He had seen Tony go to tons and tons of gala in his time living at the tower but he didn’t expect this. They had at least 30 minutes to arrive and it was like a block away. But every single thing seemed to be a big problem. Totally blown out of proportion, Clint thought, for something as simple as his shoes and hair.
She slid towards the end of the last hallway. Her hands made waves on the walls, trying to get a feel for anything. A simple cut in the wall or a shaky part. Something!
Steve didn’t deserve this. Tony should still be screaming at him or hitting him- not calming down. Steve was ready to break, and somehow Tony knew and stopped when he should’ve kept going. Tony should have teared him down, gotten all his anger out, but he didn’t.
The line led to a figure, and as Tony got closer he noticed it was Steve.  Thank God it was Steve! The Captain would know what to do. He would know how to get out of here. Then Tony would be able to calm down and go home. Steve would save them.
Once taking up his invite to live in the Stark Tower, now named Avengers Tower, they expected Tony to be loud, annoying and over the top.
Tony has been working hard to stop being so down on himself these last two weeks. He didn’t think he was pure evil anymore, before he had that dream. He allowed himself some leverage and some time to himself. He had actually been trying for Steve. Even Pepper and Rhodey has noticed how happy he had been than usual.
Clint just didn’t know what it was!
“Umm, yeah see you then.” He voice was very shy, as if he was trying to hold himself back.
He thought of what to do, and what not to do. But no ideas came up for he really didn’t know Tony at all. That’s why he was losing the contest. Because he never spent time with the man. All he did was stare from afar, try to make conversation but it always ended in an argument or Tony running away with an excuse. “I have to go to the lab” or “gotta go to a meeting or Peps gonna kill me.”
“All first dates are terrible. Especially the blind ones.”
“Aw, Mr. Stark, just the man I wanted to see. Along with Mr. Barton no less.” The skinny jolly man said as he came over. A small chucked escaped his mouth.
Thor learns Tony can sing
It was terrible.
And what better way to spend it than kissing Tony Stark.
The starlight from the previous room shone on the floor. Nat studied the lines of where one wood ended and the other started. Then she noticed a tiny piece, much smaller than the others. The women crawled over and pressed on the block.
Steve sighed dropping down on the bed. “You can’t keep doing this you know,” he told himself. He ran his hands through his hair as his striking blue eyes searched the room for something, anything to get his mind off of it.
“At the battle, Stark! The one you couldn’t come to. The one where Clint broke his ankle because you weren’t there to watch his back. If your going to be on this team, you need to be there for all the battles, not just the major ones. And you where in here sleeping, all the while! I can’t believe you! People could have died because you weren’t there! But you were sleeping. Sleeping! ” Steve yelled. He felt the urged to pace and really chew Tony out.
Natasha passed him her other juice, which he took gratefully, and scooted closer.
Other than Steve.
Maybe this scarf had something to do with Tony’s family? Tony did tell Thor the box was full of objects from his childhood. There wasn’t any toys, just little trinkets and jewelry, even some letters. But they didn’t look important when Tony pushed them aside for the scarf. But he didn’t get a chance to explain it as Thor asked to see it.
“Yeah I gotta go too, I guess. The gym and stuff, with Nat. Or Clint or. . . Well I’ll see you at dinner right?”
His face grew even more red. Tony was sick, and of course he didn’t tell anyone, but Steve yelled at him. It wasn’t even Tonys fault he missed the fight. And Steve yelled at him! While he was sick! He yelled at him!
Steve was caught off guard, well he was caught off guard with the call anyway, but this wasn’t a “hey I miss you” kind of call or “I have to stay a few mor days”. But instead he got a loaded question out of nowhere, nothing to back it up. All Steve could do was worry.
Maybe he wasn’t happy enough?
Now he could cry. Now he could cry and pick up the pieces of his heart and maybe try to put it back together. He slid down on the wall by the hotel room, once hitting the ground he put his head in his lap.
Steve loved the idea of Tony in his bed. But not heartbroken and sadness. Not like this. Not shaking and holding on to himself. Not when his heart was beating so fast. Tony didn’t seem comfortable or even shy anymore.
It was silent for a while, Tony staring at Steve. The blonde just wished the other would leave so he would cry in peace. Steve had really up and done it, he ruined his life. At least the universe could give him was privacy to cry about it.
“Now tell me what happened?” Steve asked, clear confusion in his voice.
Especially on cold mornings like this.
Tony could stay in this bed all day. As long as Steve was with him.
He wasn’t even given shoes.
She huffed in frustration.
Yelled!
He watched as Tony became so engrossed with his hand, the little rise of his right eyebrow and how his eyes became smaller with concentration. The smaller man acted as if he blocked out the world with such ease and became something to far to reach. Steve enjoyed it when Tony went in his cycle, it gave more time to study the man when he wasn’t always in a rush. Especially when Tony would return back to the world, blinking and trying to recognize where he was at. It was quite silly to watch, but it was entertaining to Steve.
“I made you soup” Steve handed him the bowel. Tony finally sat up fully and grabbed for the bowl. He looked like baby wanting a toy. Steve sat at the couch next to him blindly watching the tv.
He didn’t get an answer.
Tony seemed stuck there in Steve’s arm, not moving a bit. Steve felt his shirt become damp as Tony sobbed into his shirt. But he stayed there and held him until Tony cried his last tear.
Why couldn’t Steve understand that!
So now he was crying. And trying his best to stop crying. It was ironic. Tony’s whole life was ironic!
Tony made Steve cry. He made Captain America cry.
What had happened?
“Well you have us, Anthony. And we will not be leaving anytime soon.” Thor gripped Tony’s shoulder, shaking it hardly in a jolly mood.
Steve crashed his lips onto Tony’s, as if he was reaching for air. It wasn’t rough or fast, just hungry. It would be his last act of defiance against the universe. He promised.
“I can’t sleep. Can I stay with you?” Tony asked once he came back to the world. He didn’t reach Steve’s eyes and held himself tighter. The blonde nodded and opened the door to this room.
But Clint could still see the worry in Tony’s eyes. Throughout the night Tony sounded like the Tony Stark Clint knew but he didn’t look like it. After every interaction he would ask if what he said was ok and if he did what he was supposed to do.
What in the dream had shaken Tony up so much?
“Thanks.” Tony finally whispered, a small blush creeping up to his ears. He began to share the breakfast with Nat as she laid on his shoulder.
The team learns tony has a crush
Wait.
Thor did absolute best to listen and copy Tony’s voice. It was hard at first, he had to admit, but soon (with practice) he could too have the honey dropped voice.
Tony. . . singing. Now that was something others wouldn’t expect but Thor, well, Thor was super excited at this development. Tony singing! And he was the first one to witness it out of the team. His heart surged in pride. For Tony and for himself.
“ I’m sorry I’m late Tony. Traffic was a bit bad, but everything is going to plan, ok.” Pepper announced as she stopped Tony’s pacing. She wore a silk long, red dress with black heels and her hair in a high pony. Clint has to admit, she looked beautiful.
“Oh god, you’re nothing like your dad. Your worse. Tell me I’m wrong. You can’t because you know I’m right.” Steve growled at the man. He was walking towards Tony quickly, with the intent to kill running deeply in his eyes. Tony didn’t know what was happening. Why was Steve so mad? He looked at his hands and saw red. There was blood covering his hands, dripping to the floor. It stood out against the white. Maybe he was different than his dad. Tony killed people, Howard’s saved people. Tony hurt people, Howard was loved by all.
Tony looked scared.
It was Tony, staring above at stars.
Steve scoffed and let go of Tony’s hand. He was probably disappointed that I’m a fucking coward, popped up in his mind. Why could he get those words out? I want to be with you or I love you or I want you! It was like he just lost his voice when trying to say those god forbidden words. Tony remembered the word for it, alexithymia, and how badly it sucked.
Tony felt so small.
Maybe it would work out.
“You did in ma’ dream. Well kinda.” Steve froze at those words. The dream was about him, that’s why Tony was here. And he said that!? That Tony was evil? Steve’s mouth hanged agape; he knew we wasnt accountable for dream Steve’s words but that was downright mean! What else did Dream Steve do? Would he even say that to anyone in real life?
But the man tread forward hoping to see something than this light. A clown or a monster or even his dad! Something to  resemblance a nightmare.
“It makes you feel small, in here, doesn’t it? That we’re just a speck of something bigger. I don’t know but maybe it could be comforting. But I don’t know.“ he rambled. This was the way he conveyed whatever that was in his mind involving feelings.
“I’m sorry Tony, how many times do I have to say it? I’m sorry! What do you expect me to do? “
The blonde could see Tony’s face scrunch up, the one he knew best. The scrunch of anger. But he was ready to fight fire with fire with the brunette, not willing to let this go.
This was a paint room. A room with white wall that had cans of paint lined up and stacked across those walls. There were two canvases, one blank and one Tony Stark was working on.
“Did you have a nightmare?”
Did Tony really think that of himself?
Tony woke with a joint. He was breathing hard and sweating hard and everything was fucking hard at the moment. He had to go. He had to fucking go. Out of that bed, out of that room; just away from that dream. Tony couldn’t breathe, god he couldn’t breathe! And his chest hurt. The arc reactor wasn’t helping but instead making everything worse.
“Why did Steve break that glass anyway?” He mumbled to himself.
Steve won the contest, if u wanna know
“We’re making Anthony breakfast and you can ice the rolls of cinnamon!” Thor said loudly with a smile. Natasha shushed him.
“Well it’s never going to happen.”
Steve wouldn’t kick him out. It was Steve! The most mean thing the man would do is not come to door. The most was actually start a conversation on good of a person Tony was- Tony didn’t need that much.
. He was genuinely sweet, funny, kind, and so…amazing. (Ugh, he sounded like a lovestruck teenager there. …Wait.)
And whatever made Steve upset (which was this fake relationship if Tony was brutally honest with himself) wouldn’t make him compromise this mission, would it? Steve was a better man than that.
, Rhodey. Why the hell do you want to fly around with something
“The pants stretch,” Tony said offhandedly, “but they sure don’t like to shrink down. Be a shame if we saved New York only to be slammed with a public indecency charge.”
“Yes,” Steve groaned, rubbing the side of his neck. “Just…” He sighed. “I’ll talk with her.” He brightened a second later, giving Tony a sidelong look. “Bagels?”
So this was…definitely not cool.
Tony spared a brief thought to be grateful that neither of them had female genitalia because he couldn’t imagine needing to use that and having to…sit down.
“Of course.” Steve leaned in, kissing him gently. He tilted his head when he drew away. “Should we send the Malnussians a fruit basket?”
“So you’re…calling me…” Tony trailed off, lips twitching. “Okay, I’ll…go and tell Steve. You…er…” He raised a hand to his mouth, coughing as he tried to hide a snicker. He didn’t think it worked from Fury’s unimpressed expression. “You man the forts like a good pirate?”
Standing, Tony went to dump out his cold coffee. He could get edible coffee at the bagel place. What self-respecting bagel place didn’t have coffee? “Let me guess…Natasha?”
Steve’s ears were pink now, and Tony resisted the urge to reach up and stroke a finger along the edge. “Oh, um…” His voice was soft, shy in a way it didn’t usually sound like. “That’s…I’m glad.”
Rhodey had nothing personal against Barton, so Barton it was.
“Okay, message received.” Steve reached up and curled his hand around Tony’s eggnog, pulling it away without much protest. He finished the rest of it, thumb stroking gently at Tony’s skin under his shirt.
Staring at the doorway where Rhodey had left five minutes ago did absolutely nothing to answer any of Tony’s burning questions. And he had them.
make friends, you know,” he added sourly.
Rhodey resisted the urge to rub his face. “How long has this been going on?”
That had
“I do, you know,” Tony told Steve eventually once he was sure nothing of his true feelings would escape. “It may not look like it, but I do take care of myself.”
“You met with some aliens?” Steve asked.
“Yes, we are…” Tony glanced at Steve, smile coming naturally when he saw Steve’s trusting face. “We’re the paired leaders for Earth,” he continued easily. This was going to bite them in the ass later when the
By the time Steve came out of the bathroom, Tony had composed himself. (Mostly composed himself. Steve still looked at him strangely.)
“That’s sweet of you to say, but that doesn’t answer my question.”
Neither of them spoke for ten minutes, Tony busy inspecting what he could reach and careful to not take anything apart that he didn’t think he could put back together. (Despite what people thought, Tony could be considerate of other people’s things. Especially when it was delicate stuff.)
“Captain. Iron Man.” The leading Malnussian inclined their head in their direction, antennas wiggling in the platonic greeting Tony had recognized. “It is a pleasure to meet the paired leaders of Earth. My name is A’gel’fush. My partner in all things is K’salk’adi.” They waved to their partner, the key distinguishing feature between the two being the darker streaks of purple on K’salk’adi’s arms.
“Uh…huh…” Rhodey blinked slowly, considered his possible options, and decided the best decision was to just not say anything. “How long has he been down here?”
“Of course, Shellhead.” Steve stepped closer, ducking his chin slightly. The tip of his ears were pink, but there was no reason for him to be embarrassed that Tony could make out. “I miss you when you’re not here.”
The Malnussians were humanoid aliens. Or humanoid insofar as seven foot tall purple-skinned aliens with antennas, three sets of eyes, snake-like nostrils, and super long fingers could be. They did have two legs and walked upright, so there was that.
In any case, it was nice to be here without wearing the suit. He could actually eat something that wasn’t liquid and designed to be ingested through a straw.
“It’s our pleasure to be here,” Tony answered smoothly. “Iron Man is my title, so it would be best if you call me by my name – Tony. This is my partner Steve.” He reached out to touch Steve’s shoulder, gently squeezing it before dropping his hand. “We’re looking forward to speaking with you and establishing a good starting point for future meetings.”
Rhodey waited until the elevator doors were closing to give Barton the finger.
This wasn’t a rom-com and Tony wouldn’t ever be that lucky.
Yes, Steve was apparently queer, but just because someone was queer didn’t automatically mean they were attracted to everyone. (It didn’t mean Steve was attracted to
“Yeah?” Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist, tucking his thumb into Tony’s waistband. He pressed a gentle kiss to Tony’s temple. “That should be my line.”
“Get your own.”
“Uh, yes?” Barton said, sounding like it was a no brainer. “You just now realizing this?”
Some minutes (three to be specific) later, Steve said, “Do you know if Mr. Stark’s going to be here?”
“Oh, you know, can’t complain.” Tony shrugged loosely. “It’s nice being able to scratch my nose without having to duck into a closet.”
.” Now Steve looked
“I have pants,” Tony offered. “They should hold.”
“Hey, breathe.” Rhodey flicked Tony in the shoulder. “I don’t know anything about
Steve grinned at him, amusement lighting up his handsome face. “Yeah, I see that.”
Being alone wasn’t good.
Tony pushed Steve back, grinning at him when Steve caught his hands and pulled him in. “Why, Captain…I thought you’d never ask.”
“You and me both, buddy,” Barton said. “But in this case, we’ll have to piece Steve together, too.”
without thinking about it. The next thing he knew he was at the stadium with a greasy hot dog and soda and yelling at the umpire alongside Steve.
“Ca – Steve?” Tony blinked owlishly, frozen in place.
But Steve was also stubborn, ridiculously idealistic (which was as much a point in his favor as it was against), and emotionally dense. He was the guy who insisted he was fine even when there was a burnt hole in his
“I love you,” Steve repeated, meeting his own eyes in the mirror.
“The one he really wants,” Clint muttered as an aside to Natasha.
There was no logical conclusion that led from “Tony Stark hated Steve Rogers’s guts” to “Tony Stark was possibly in love with Steve Rogers” that didn’t read like one of those bad rom-coms Natasha secretly loved.
“So they’re friendly?” Steve sounded hopeful.
Steve shook his head, standing as well. “Let’s table further discussion until Thor gets back. There’s no use making plans if we don’t even know what we’re facing.”
He wasn’t yet going to hinge his bets on the relationship lasting but…he had a pretty good idea that there may be wedding bells in the future. Not even Pepper had made Tony that comfortable, and Rogers –
“It was a last minute decision,” Rhodey said, heading over to the coffee machine. There was enough coffee in it for one last cup. He took the last of it with absolutely no shame. “I got in around three. Suit’s out on the balcony.”
“Steve.” Tony swallowed, folding his arms over his chest. “What are you saying?”
Tony narrowed his eyes, taking a pointed bite of his bagel. He regretted a second later when the peanut butter stuck to his palate. There was no way he was saying anything with a sticky mouthful of peanut butter.
“Yeah…” Tony kept looking at the panel he had removed so he wouldn’t have to look back at K’salk’adi (there wasn’t much to see on the panel). “It’s the same on Earth between countries.”
No, Steve just left Tony to get shafted with the phone calls.
Steve’s laugh was weak. “It’s happening.”
He could say more later. When Tony wasn’t doing things with his tongue that Steve hadn’t known were possible.
“That seems a bit of a shame, seeing as how I’d really like to kiss you right now. But if we weren’t dating before, I’m not sure if that’s a good idea…”
Steve scowled, crossing his arms over his chest, biceps bulging impressively despite the long-sleeved shirt he had on. (Or maybe because of it; Steve’s shirts tended to run super tight. Tony had never cursed it more before.) “So now you admit you were sick,” he said. “Maybe next time you’ll actually stay in bed!”
“Yes,” Rhodey said slowly, “that thing where two people who like each other very much eat together, hang out, and cuddle? Or maybe not cuddle. But you definitely cuddle so that’s going in the list.”
“It’s fine,” he told his reflection. “It’s
Tony blinked at the vitriol in Steve’s tone, barely able to resist flinching back. As it was he couldn’t stop his hands from trembling, having to press them flat against the top of the car before Steve could notice.
Steve went to the passenger’s side, face dark. “Does it matter?”
Of course, as things usually turned out, there was an interruption as Tony put the finishing touches on the stealth suit. He’d added a few upgrades in addition to the new paint job, but the suit was ready to go the next day as he’d promised.
Tony closed his eyes, leaning his back against the machine he was standing in front of. He was so painfully obvious that even the aliens could see it. (But what did they pick up from
remember that?).
“You two looked awfully cozy last night is all I’m saying.”
Tony cleared his throat, drawing their attention back to him. “I’m not sure how things are on your world, but Earth has enough smaller nations that we have multiple leaders.”
Steve pressed his fingers to Tony’s shoulder, pulling him closer. “Yeah,” he said quietly, something else burning on his tongue that he knew Tony didn’t want to hear. “I do.”
Tony had seen Steve cry a grand total of once and that was when he was talking about Peggy and Bucky in the middle of the night. It hadn’t even been crying because it had been a few manly tears and then a solemn promise that he was absolutely “fine” and Tony should definitely go to bed now because he’d been up for forty-eight hours with only cat naps.
Finally, something in Tony’s brain seemed to kick into gear, and he was able to touch Steve, his hands coming up to where Steve’s were holding his face. “I’m here.”
It was five in the morning when JARVIS let Tony know that Thor had arrived via the rainbow bridge on the balcony outside the penthouse. Tony gave his assembled suit one last look before deeming it suitable and heading out.
.” Tony shot him an aggrieved look. “I can be subtle,” he protested. “Did you not see the stealth suit I’m designing?”
Steve – the giant jerk – just looked even more amused and started on his third bagel.
This was a marvel.
“You know damn well it’s Iron Patriot, Tony.”
Steve was just afraid of losing their friendship if they got too deep into this fake relationship (that he really,
And then Steve was gone, and Tony found himself looking up for mistletoe –
face.
Maybe not before they had to meet the Malnussians but… Soon, right?
“There is an incoming call from Director Fury, sir,” JARVIS said. “Marked urgent.”
Once outside S.H.I.E.L.D., Tony grabbed hold of Steve’s elbow unthinkingly (he really needed to rethink absolutely everything considering he hadn’t even noticed becoming so familiar with Steve’s personal space). “You seriously okay with this?”
“It need not be romantic,” Thor said. “The Malnussians simply prefer a lifelong bond – be it platonic or romantic.”
“No.” Clint quit his game. “It’s probably his doing anyway.”
Whatever response Tony could have had to that died at the simple honesty in that statement. He blinked, completely flat-footed. “Er…no,” he managed, wrinkling his nose in mock offense. “Why would I miss him? He stole my suit!”
Tony looked over in time to see Steve hide his face with a hand.
Steve made a sound first, exhaling loudly and running a hand through his hair. “I wasn’t ever going to say anything,” he said, turning to face Tony. “I didn’t want to risk anything, you know?” He huffed out a small laugh. “Always was a coward when it came to these things.”
. Nothing made sense.
Now if only Steve could convince Tony he loved him, too.
“Why did it take us so long?” Tony didn’t realize what he was about to say until he said it, the words quiet and almost lost to the noise around them.
The uncomfortable chest tightness was back, accompanied by a tight feeling in his throat that Tony had to swallow against. “It’s okay,” he managed, dredging up a smile that wasn’t as cheerful as it should have been. “What’s a little snuggling between best buds?”
“And now it’s in my cup.” Rhodey took a delicate sip, unwilling to burn his mouth. Once done, he said, “So you and Rogers.”
“Earth has only put people on our
of kissing. (That…was probably not a great thing but whatever.)
out of Steve if he could.
Tony bit back the instinctive
“You’re…not sure?” Rhodey asked blankly.
He could do this.
“It can be both our lines.”
Tony would definitely like to check this new bagel place out. Tony would also— “Are we dating?” Oops, that had not meant to slip out.
It had been six months since then, and Tony had recovered with the help of his new team. Rhodey wasn’t yet sure if he could call them
out of the suit?”
As Steve’s hand dropped, Tony had the wild impulse to grab it in his own. He stepped back before he could act on it, jabbing a thumb back. “I’m – uh – going to head back to the workshop,” he managed, eyes skittering away from Steve before he could do something to incriminate himself. “Going to make sure I’m good to go regardless of what the little green men want.”
). (Definitely not with
Tony’s chest squeezed tightly, breath stalling for a moment as his mind processed what the hell Steve meant by that. “Why wouldn’t they stay the same?”
had broken up with him because she couldn’t deal with him. Why would Steve be any different?)
“I guess,” Steve said, darting in to place another kiss to the side of Tony’s mouth. “Do the other dozen or so times not count?” He pressed a second kiss to the other side of Tony’s mouth, lingering to whisper, “We shared a bed last night, didn’t we?”
Tony really wanted to go and hold Steve’s hand. He wanted to curl up next to Steve like he had been doing for
Tony narrowed his eyes, clearly suspicious. “Something about me and Steve?” he said slowly. “He likes
Steve nodded, forehead moving against Tony’s. “I do, I really do.”
They were aliens, but Tony had been through enough meetings through his work with Stark Industries to know politics. This was just…slightly higher stakes.
Steve and Tony turned to Clint, both of them saying his name at the exact same time and in the exact same tone. “
“It’s real,” Steve said. “I’m real and you’re real and this is real. It’s not a dream. I hope you don’t think the last several months were a dream either.”
There was plate, a pair of utensils, and a glass out to dry on the counter for some reason. There was a perfectly serviceable dishwasher not even a foot away.
(Never mind that falling for your best friend was easily one of the most common romantic tropes in literature.)
That was the most important thing, really.
“Few months, I think,” Barton said. “You remember what happened with Potts, right? You were here for that.”
It looked a bit like he’d set up shop here and wasn’t planning on leaving anytime soon.
“I may not be a divine being, but I do have access to Captain Rogers’s quarters…”
Eggnog slipped over the glass’s rim and to his nose when someone unexpectedly kissed his cheek.
When he did, it was with a more relaxed posture than before. He sat down in the same spot, picking up his cereal as he did.
. The one we didn’t
Steve Rogers was just as conked out as Tony, one leg and arm dangling off the couch while the other was curled over Tony, keeping him in place while they slept.
Tony stayed still, registering that Steve’s hands were still on his face, that his lips tingled from where Steve had kissed him (
Tony had almost fallen asleep to that rhythm when Steve spoke again. “What if…”
Tony wasn’t sure what to say, only that he hadn’t wanted to scare Steve. Or anyone, really. He hadn’t been doing a lot of thinking at that point.
Barton nodded, making a small humming sound. He was still frowning and staring intently at Rhodey.
Steve shrugged. “Milk’s a little different, but I can’t say I had much eggnog back in the day.”
“Yeah, it’s –
Tony’s digging hadn’t turned up anything conclusive other than a super shady past and so Rhodey wasn’t likely to trust her.
When Rhodey went to look, the only brand of cereal available was the sugary sweet kind with a shit ton of marshmallows. It was empty except for a stray piece at the bottom.
been the plan.
bed in the accommodations they had been provided by a very eager guide with a name too full of consonants for Tony to comprehend.
know that reference?” Rhodey asked Tony, eyes flicking between the two and the easy camaraderie they shared.
“Shut up,” Bruce mumbled, slapping Tony’s hand away. “An experiment kept me up.”
No, he told himself.
He hadn’t trusted her anyway after figuring out that she’d basically just strung Tony along and then essentially blacklisted Tony by saying only his suit was any good. Tony had acted like an ass that time, but the suit wasn’t Iron Man without the man piloting it. Rhodey had a suit and
“Rhodes going to be back anytime soon?” Steve asked, already on his second bagel.
last time. And the one that you gave me as a present but we’ve never been able to watch it because we’ve been too busy.”
“Well, uh…” A faint tint of red covered Steve’s cheeks. “The rest of you aren’t shut up in labs all day, are you?”
. He needed to talk to someone else. “Where do you think I came from?”
It was hot. It was uncomfortably hot to the point where he felt like kicking the damn blanket off.
Rhodey had pulled a few all-nighters himself in his heyday, but he was in his forties and his body didn’t really appreciate all-nighters anymore. Even less when alcohol was involved. Rhodey should just stop letting Tony weedle him into a martini that ended up turning into lines of shots because Rhodey wasn’t
“C’mon, Tony. Did you think you and Rogers were being subtle? Because you weren’t. I was here for five minutes and figured it out.”
He had a plan. Stick to the plan, Rogers—
“You can’t.” Steve’s thumbs stroked Tony’s cheeks. “You won’t,” he added.
What were the odds that Rogers was just as deep as Tony?
Steve waited a moment, probably for a response Tony didn’t know how to give, before shifting his weight and crossing his arms over his chest, shoulders hunching in. “How are
deserve
predictable.
“You’re the furthest thing from a coward I’ve met, Steve,” Tony said immediately, almost on autopilot.
Tony dropped his gaze, the back of his neck burning. He pulled in a deep breath, closing his eyes as he imagined Fury in a pink tutu. It killed the gooey feelings quickly enough.
Steve didn’t hate him. At least not yet.
“This is dark Asgardian magic,” Strange grunted, and his arms strained with the effort of holding the barrier. “I’m afraid it’s beyond me.”
“Good to see you, Rhodey,” Tony said, his voice all strangled from Peter’s firm embrace.
Tony bit back a smile at the idea of Steve needing his protection. He was a brave and mighty king. And if he ever needed assistance, his little roundtable of trust, were clearly up to the task. Whatever difficulties they ran into, Steve could always count on Bucky's sword, Clint's bow, Nat's spear and Sam's axe.
If anyone knew how he felt, it was Sarah, who’d seen him through each bout of illness, dying a little each time even as she kept her chin up, going about her duties like they were all that mattered.
“Then, rest,” she said, offering him her shoulder, as she’d done so many times before.
“You didn’t want your parents to take away your beloved robots. So, you put the wrong labels on, claimed that they were defective. But they all worked as long as one knew their purpose. And the right buttons to push.”
“In that case,” Jarvis said, taking his bags. “You’re right where you need to be.”
It was impossible to tell which hurt more. The pain within his belly or the ache inside his heart.
Thor and Bruce joined them and for a while, they talked about the ladies in their lives – Jane, Laura, VERONICA. Tony had to mediate when the discussion turned into a shouting match over whose lady was smarter, stronger, better.
Pressed up close against Tony’s body, Steve could feel his warm puffs of breath against his cheek and it caused him to lean in.
“Tony,” Steve sighed, tiredly, caught off-guard by the sight of Tony in full battle armour, spoiling for a fight. He paused in the doorway, taking in the waves of hostility directed his way.
Tony whined as Steve pulled away, chasing the warmth of his touch.
Tony avoided the question and stayed focused on finding the medallion.
“You see,” Tony said, “that’s exactly what I’m afraid of. That sort of attitude is not going to fly. We’re talking about Tyranaksthon, the king of dragons. And I hear he’s the most powerful one of all.”
The words were perfect. He’d practised every day for over twelve years, waiting for their paths to cross again. There was no way he would forget the words, not after being kidnapped by the Winter Soldier, an attempt by HYDRA to force his dad into giving them his version of the super-soldier serum.
“What do you want?”
Children, and grown-ups, could be unkind. So, whenever push came to shove, Tony took it in his stride, collected the proverbial sticks and stones. The original weapons of war. If he wanted to run a weapons company one day, he was going to need lots and lots of those.
Pepper had outdone herself with the planning of the event. Hiring his ex-classmate was really one of the best decisions he’d made. She really was the most capable, qualified and trustworthy person he knew.
And maybe, one day, it would be real.
“Possibly,” Sam said. “We’ve had three sightings just this week. There’s no reason for them to be flying so far inland. It feels like they’re looking for something,” Sam added.
“Not yours?” Tony asked, surprised.
Bucky loved the new arm, had a hand in designing it. They opted for a white star against blue to complement the new uniform Tony was designing for him. Yes, uniform. Because like Steve and Nat and the rest of them, Bucky was a fighter. And he was going to avenge all the people he had wronged.
Tony gave his body an appraising glance. “You’re one goat away from fat.”
It clearly was wishful thinking on his part.
It brought a smile to Tony’s face and his joy bloomed in the sun. Happiness was found in the crinkles of his eyes and the flush of his cheeks. And it was good. Tony was happy, and he should be happy too.
“What do you want?” Tony demanded, twisting out of Killian’s painful grasp with a quick jab to his ribs.
Tony would have gone on staring forever had it not been for the portal appearing above. Strange fell out of it, and landed directly on Tony’s back.
“Armeria!” The warriors roared, and swords clashed against shields, as spears thumped on the deck to the rhythm of beating drums, so deafening it could surely be heard from across the sea.
Tony and the terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day, week, month, season.
“No? Wait, what?” Rhodey asked, looking at him differently. “Are you - Are you Iron Man?”
“Next project – a robot that cooks,” Tony announced, stirring the broth carefully so he wouldn’t spill a drop on the pristine kitchen counter. He’d followed his mother’s recipes to the letter. Food would be ready in half an hour, exactly when his parents were due to arrive.
“No, please - I - wait,” he repeated, more firmly this time.
Hot tears fell on the stone floors as Steve buried his head in his arms. His cheeks burned with shame, as he recalled all the times he’d foisted himself on his reluctant husband, who was only pretending to return his affections, even though he already had someone else.
“We don’t know that!” Steve pleaded, and a note of desperation had crept into his voice.
“Two Saturdays from now, at Coney Island,” Steve countered.
Sam nodded. “We live in a nation full of great men and women. And you’re the best of us. The prince is going to love you and you will get along just fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
From where he stood, Steve could hear the sounds of a hundred pairs of boots, marching around the mountains in time with the drumming of his heart. Valoria was soon to be home to these warriors, their brothers-in-arms.
Peter didn’t finish, as the prince coughed loudly and turned red in the face. Then, they were all saved by the bell, indicating that the auspicious hour was upon them.
“Same. Sans glass cage.”
“I’m not who I used to be.”
It was here that their paths would diverge.
“What?!?!?!” Steve exclaimed, looking like the world was about to end.
Hope everyone is doing well! Love!
“What is it?” Steve asked as he turned to pick up the wooden box from the mantel. “Because I, too, have something to share.”
“Yeah, it's me. Do you know the way to the
The distraction allowed Steve to hurl his shield at Loki, who swiftly flung Steve to the ground. Steve threw his shield once again at Loki who flicked it aside. Tony continued to watch, enthralled, as Steve pulled out his best moves, a deadly combination of gymnastics and boxing and ultimate frisbee.
Tony smiled in spite of the pang in his heart, as he remembered the giddy feeling of falling in love. There was a time he’d been just as happy as Bucky was. He’d felt invincible and powerful, with the love of his life by his side. Indulgently, he watched Bucky’s expressions of happiness, living vicariously through him, as the lovesick knight went about retrieving his sword. Tony dived down, and picked up the knight, whom he returned to his anxious steed.
Steve shrugged. “It’s an alliance. This arrangement here - it isn’t about me.”
“Home is good,” Tony said, knowing he had his work cut out for him.
Steve cleared his throat. “You want to keep staring at the grass, or do you want to go to work? I mean, it is some interesting grass.”
Shock flashed in those alluring pools of gold, dazzling and shiny as Tony spoke. “Give him up?” he said in a broken voice. “I can’t.” Tony opened his mouth and closed it again. “Steve… I…”
He could order a new stylus but it would take at least two weeks to be delivered. He could custom make one with the right materials and tools. But no one, not even Tony, could do that in ten minutes, which was the time he had left before Steve was due to be home.
“What’s inside?” Steve asked and was still looking at the chest, his expression curious.
Steve nodded absently and sank back into his armchair, prepared to spend the rest of the morning in it, keeping vigil over Tony. Time slowed down and the day stretched ahead, as a steady stream of visitors came and went.
However, before the firefighters could enter the building, the deafening sound of a heart-stopping explosion sent shock waves throughout the building, filling the stairway with fresh flames as fire blazed to the rooftops and rose into the sky.
Steve nodded in understanding, well aware that the twins had taken advantage of Thanos’ retreat to right some of his wrongs, and that the mindstone had been instrumental in liberating the humans under the monster’s control.
The passenger nodded and looked out of the window, where they could watch the fire trucks, victorious from their battle against the raging inferno, returning to the firehouse. The sun was already beginning to set, and the sky was pink with the last of its rays. Tony couldn’t help feeling glad he’d come to Brooklyn that day in order to –
“Are we going to do anything? Because if it's all the same to you, I'd rather do it now.”
we, just mostly Bruce.”
Thanos shrugged. “War decides. The strong survive, the weak –”
“He is pretty good at that,” Rhodey admitted, hurrying to join them just before they set off.
“Yep,” Tony agreed, and allowed Steve to help him up, before another blaze erupted near the stern.
Clad in his armour, Steve dragged his feet across the meadow in a slow, unhurried manner, and looked like he was trying to make it across in the longest possible time. Tony's heart began fluttering lightly in his chest, which confirmed that all the time spent in exile had done nothing to smother the torch he'd carried for the man walking in his direction.
“Look, we’ve only tested this on a small group of volunteers, but preliminary tests are promising,” Tony explained as the other man looked at him with keen interest. “Haven’t had time to do a full trial, but you don’t want a hospital and it looks like we’re stuck here. It’s epinephri – woah!”
“Yes.”
Steve closed his fingers tightly around the medallion. “I think I should hand it to him myself. This is very important to Tony, you know?”
But, what did one do with a rogue? Pull it back or let it go? Who would risk a galaxy for a star?
“That would be terrible,” Tony decided. And it was, because the thought of this wonderful man, with the chocolate-stained lips, being married to anyone who wasn’t him made Tony sick to his stomach. “Surely, there must have been some promising ones?”
“Good. Push the engine control panel back in. This thing won’t reengage without a jump. I have to get in there and push.”
Steve approached, and Tony found himself retreating, strategically placing the dining table between them. “Protection?” Steve said, voice slowly rising. “Is that what you’re calling it? A suit of armour. I get that. But repulsor guns? Micro-missiles? A unibeam? Anthony Edward Stark, you’ve built yourself a sword and you’re calling it a shield!”
Nat’s eyes remained closed and she didn’t move, much less respond.
“Sorry, I never mentioned it. It’s just – at first I couldn’t breathe and then we were talking and I guess I just – I forgot.”
“Yeah? It’s called being a badass.”
Instead of keeping the tears at bay as Tony had hoped, the words brought on a fresh wave of ones. There was nothing Tony could do except wait for Steve to cry them out, hold his rocking body in an attempt to calm him down. It took a few minutes, but finally, they stopped.
He could fly!
“When I leave,” Tony repeated in a flat voice.
“Good, good,” Tony said in a soothing voice. “You’re very brave. I’m going to cut these ropes off you. Is that all right?”
“It’s not just you,” Steve murmured quietly. “But, we barely know each other! Even the army didn’t want me. Why would you?”
Tony was going for a quiet entrance, but eagle-eyed warriors had spotted him a mile away, so by the time he was flying overhead, they were waving their swords and chanting his name: Schelle-head! Schelle-head! Schelle-head!
“You’re shaking,” Steve observed, the words rolling easily out of his gorgeous mouth. His lips looked so soft and warm and pink. Had they always looked that way?
Steve almost said, mesmerised by the dragon’s bright eyes. He was. And charming too. Steve took a step back, before he could do something stupid, like touch the dragon, or worse, kiss his nose.
While Tony’s life came to a standstill, the world around him continued to spin. And avenging was one thing that could not wait. After a quiet month, Steve had to leave for a mission, one which would take him away from New York for a week.
Tony was a good homemaker. He wanted his parents to see that. The colossal tree and handmade Christmas decorations were up for that reason. Ideally, they would have celebrated Christmas together but his parents were leaving for the Bahamas in a few days.
From the laundry basket, he fished out the stealth suit Steve had worn on his last mission.
“Get in the boat. Get in the boat now,” Tony said, trying to sound commanding, as desperate tears gathered in his eyes.
“Where?” Steve asked.
And also the best place to die. Where else was he going to get a view like this?
Tony found Jarvis bent over a flowerbed, hands and knees covered in dirt. “Do I want to know what happened to the gardener? Was he pocketing the good shovels?”
“What were they after? Why you?"
“Good. That gives me just enough time to wrap his gift.”
Tony broke out of his embrace and glared at him in disbelief. “Would it kill you not to think about your pal, your buddy, your Bucky for just a bit? I mean we were having a moment. And now you’ve gone and ruined it,” he said, storming off.
The deck went silent as a cold gust chilled them to their bones. Looking around with deep unease, they began to notice the sea turning black. A violent thump to the hull rocked their ship.
He couldn’t remember if he leaned forward or if Steve pulled him closer. Perhaps, it was a little of both. They collided like diving bald eagles, and then Steve was kissing him. Or he was kissing Steve. He couldn’t tell, clinging on to his husband, the only solid thing in a world that was spinning around them. Before pulling apart at the very last second.
Tony should have known that Steve would be a barrier in the way of his recent endeavours. His husband would keep him under lock and key if he could. It was why Tony had created a secret identity to begin with. It was his escape. But after all that they’d been through, Tony thought that Steve would finally see that he was quite capable of taking care of himself and give him a way out.
He let out a quiet huff before taking his place at the stove, stirring up a gentle whirlpool. The contents of a broken egg were emptied inside and it didn’t take long before the clear liquid surrounding the yolk turned white. Serving the poached egg in a bowl, he presented it to Jarvis.
Tony moved closer to press his body against Steve’s. “You okay?” he asked.
They had deployed their full strength and their best troops were already on the field, charging toward the enemy in the hope of total annihilation. However, should the enemy prove to be more than their match, their troops would be overrun and all would be lost.
“Yes,” Steve said, as he nodded regretfully at the truth. “So, one night, he slipped away from the family farm on a journey to the glorious city of Ferrecita, for it was famed for its skilled armourers and smiths. He wondered at an apprenticeship and if he could one day forge his own sword and shield.”
This turned out to be close to 50,000 words. It's not a long story by any means but it took me a long time, nine whole months OMG, to write it. That's close to the gestational period of a baby by the way. It truly got harder and harder as it developed, but here she is (finally). >_<. I hope she's okay.
Besides, they had Tony Stark.
Contrary to the unsavoury rumours that swirled around him, Tony was no philanderer. He was a romantic – the very sort who believed in true love and soulmates that set fire to your soul, and he wasn’t going to settle for less than that. His own Lizzy Bennet was out there waiting for him, and if he had to go through hundreds of unremarkable dates or engagements or whatchamacallits just to find them, he would.
Tony knew exactly how many words it took to activate the winter soldier.
at me? Do you know how hard it’s been to – mmph – ugh -,” he stopped, interrupted by the warm mouth on his.
“I do,” he said.
Tony laughed. “Yeah. It’s not the palace,” he admitted.
and finally, his death.
“Looks like I’ve disarmed you again,” Bucky said to Nat as she pulled up beside him.
Tony beamed. “And how does it feel like to be a genius?” he asked.
“Would you have let me?”
“I did. I told you. I wanted to be on that barge.”
The frost dragon landed beside him in a rush of wings. “Tony? Tony? Tony? Tony? Tony? Tony!” he said. “Tones!”
“You never opened it,” Steve said and when he saw that Tony could not sit up, he offered to do it for him.
The beast howled as she thrashed about, her flailing tentacles sweeping their warriors off the deck into the sea, where Redwing was waiting to pick them up. Steve gripped the spear, and tried to hold on despite the violent thrusts, but the kraken was too strong.
“And how is your father,” Stane continued, conversationally. “Does he ever think of me?”
Steve frowned. “I don't want anyone to
“I tried telling him that!”
Tony thumbed through the pages, trying to make sense of its inconsistencies and contradictions. He struggled to find something, a clue, to shed light on this perplexing situation. Then, he reached the final page. It was a summary of the assessment -
Holding the purple gem in his hands again, great power surged through Steve’s veins, just like all those years ago, filling him with confidence, courage and the conviction that he was doing the right thing.
Bucky stiffened. “There is no
He’d sworn to take care of Tony, right in front of the sacred rock, to love and cherish and care for him – to be his true fortress, a shield from his foe.
Tony nodded, waving Rhodey off.
At last, he was ready. For the eclosion.
Tony took the tiny nod as permission to treat the wound with the contents of his first-aid box. Apart from a soft hiss that escaped when Tony dabbed at the cut, the other man made no other sign of protest, and even allowed Tony to clean the soot from his skin. It warmed his heart and filled him with joy, and Tony didn't want to stop, but there were only so many times he could run his pocket square over the man's face without it being awkward. “There you go, all done now,” he informed the other man when he was sure he'd gone past the limit.
“Hulk got stone,” Hulk said as it leapt up from behind the basilisk, smashing a rock over his head. The basilisk’s body, thick as an oak, was thrashing wildly on the deck as its forked tongue spat in agony.
Obie flashed him a cool smile. “And you are all grown up. I presume this is the husband - King Steven?” he asked, turning to Steve.
“You know,” Steve said, looking closely at him. “You never told me what happened.”
“Oh. But I didn’t get you anything.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “All right. We’re done,” he muttered. “What do you want?”
He let go.
They continued to converse and jest until the sound of marching footsteps drowned out their laughter and reminded them of the imminent arrival of their allies, right before the auspicious hour. It was happening. He was getting married.
“You look like a king,” Tony said, all over again, with the very same look in his eyes.
Steve returned the smile. “You’ll be on the cliffs? With Rhodes and Peter?”
“What do you think I’ve been doing?” Steve asked, as he gave Tony a reassuring wave.
Steve gripped Tony’s shoulders, and held him together as Tony melted into the touch. Tony buried his face in Steve’s shoulder and hot tears fell from his eyes, which soaked Steve’s tunic. Steve might have pulled him in closer than was strictly necessary, as he selfishly wished to keep him in his arms for as long as he could.
They finished dining in companionable silence, before a smiling Sarah got up to leave, with Tony following her to the door. She turned back to face him at the threshold of their home, and surprised him with a warm hug. Finally, with a kiss to his cheek and a swish of her dress, she was gone.
In return, Tony slipped his hands under Steve’s tunic so he could run his fingers against Steve’s warm chest and couldn't resist giving one of his nipples a playful pinch.
Steve barely heard a word above the blood roaring in his ears. He stumbled backward, and felt the desperate need to escape. “I have to go,” he said and thrusted the basket at the dragon.
“Berserkers,” Tony explained, and he recognised them from the bearskins on their backs. “They’re a powerful army. Asgardian warriors who fought under the command of Odin himself during the great wars of conquest. They battled like raging beasts and destroyed everything in their path.”
He supposed he was fortunate to have had a college education at all, skipping grades so he could enrol at 15 and graduate at 18, just before his first heat. Not that it mattered in the end. He lost everything the moment he presented.
“JARVIS, are we ready?”
“Loki has to take us out to win. He wants to beat us and he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience,” Bruce surmised.
In those moments, Tony wondered if it was a good thing that they'd bonded before he was taken. If he died, his death could kill Steve too.
“Yes,” Steve murmured, and looked from the colourless gems on Tony’s fingers to the stones on the wall behind the bed, remembering how their family and friends had bonded together to save Tony from certain death.
“All right. All right,” Tony said, as he tried to placate the dragon. “Your friends can come too, you know?” he suggested, not terribly fond of the prospect of leaving Steve in the company of Ivan and Killian. “I mean, there is safety in numbers.”
He didn’t have time to process the thoughts ravaging his mind because Coulson was back. “We have a location for Cap and Widow. The coordinates correspond to 29 Brickell Boulevard. It’s an 80-storey building in downtown Miami.”
“There’s something I don’t understand,” Bruce said, swinging around in his chair so he could look at Tony, who froze in Steve's lap, mid-caress. “You’re the only name in clean energy right now. Why weren’t you called in on the Tesseract project? What is the director not telling us?”
There was no need to ask Jarvis where Tony was at. Since the incident, Tony had been taking nest up in his lab to avoid almost everyone. But they all really knew who he was avoiding.
She did what she wanted to do, but was still disappointed. But there would be other chances the catch this tony again.
It took a while for Steve to find Tony, under the pile of blankets on the bed. Only his face was poking out which was covered by his flop of curly hair.
Tony patting the spot next to him on the bed was Steve’s answer, as the blonde crawled in next to the drunk man. Suddenly he felt something, no he felt loose fingers grab at his hands. He could feel the calluses on Tony’s smaller hand but it wasn’t rough. It was quite warm, a bit too warm, but Steve didn’t mind. He always needed a source of warmth, no matter if it was Tony’s hands or a wool blanket. Nothing else was gonna happen away. He squeezed Tony’s hand tight trying to show he cared.
“Yeah Steve?” He was covering his face with his hands, in clear embarrassment.
Then Steve turned around with a sneer on his face. Tony stepped back in fear.
Today’s December 16. It’s important, Steve knew it was, but for what?
. Tony knows how to smile. He’s got such a beautiful smile, could light up Steve’s mood instantly, anywhere. If he could just...
Steve looks down, the apple fiddling in his hands.
. The beard. The rough, calloused look. More furious scrapping.
“I just can’t seem to get the details right.”
came around and confessed, huh?” She’s smiling.
He knows. He
There’s just silence at the other end.
There was a rude gesture from Barton that Rhodey was almost sure meant something offensive in sign language. He rolled his eyes, leaning back as he waited for Barton to come back.
Tony’s smile twitched at the reminder. He closed his eyes, seeing that enormous army laid out above the portal, and exhaled. Steve’s hand came to rest at the small of his back, reassuring and warm.
It was like that one Swedish goat that always got set on fire every year. The Avengers’ Christmas tree never made it through a party without something happening to it.
