Giving Sherlock a warning glare, John sat forward, leaning on his knees with an exhale and what he hoped was a friendly, inviting expression on his face, “You don't still want that though?" he asked, shuffling further forward at Greg's quickly lowered gaze and deep sigh. It was the sigh of a desperate and miserable man, still clinging onto some sort of thin hope. Greg was made smaller by it. A lost, ashen shell of his former self. "Do you think that's for the best?” John made sure to speak carefully. “It seems like your ex-wife wasn't really…
"And... undamaged army doctors—
“Whoever wins gets to decide what it is. Could be anything. Or nothing,” Sherlock told him and when John shakily put down his next card, Sherlock placed his, glanced down, and then glanced back up. “
“Not even I can predict the weather, John,” Sherlock replied with a growl, looking back out at the vast curtain of hail and rain, shaking out his coat so vigorously that errant droplets splashed John in the face, catching him in the eye.
“I eat breakfast. I eat lunch. I eat dinner. - Unfortunately I
"Yeah... yeah okay, Sherlock. Okay..."
Feeling all the more insecure with his thoughts, his actions, his future, John pushed open the front door to Baker Street and headed upstairs, deciding at the last moment to just go into the living room and pretend that nothing happened. Pretend he hadn't just been incredibly sexual with his friend, his flatmate, that morning, that he hadn't ruined perhaps the most perfect friendship he had ever had. To be a stereotypical British man and avoid awkward confrontation. All confrontation.
“Did you
!” Sherlock spluttered, slumping down. “The...kitchen was an...oversight…” Mrs Hudson hummed, not believing him for a second, and Sherlock inched further into the bottom of his chair.
, that—
.' Generally he just wants me to – pardon my crudeness – finger and wank him off until he’s satisfied.”
"Oh for
noticed that I fiddle all that much.”
Sherlock snapped his mouth closed and clawed his hands through his hair, shaking with a short, rumbling laugh, stuck somewhere between panicked and thrilled, “I... I don't know if I
“It's not all bad. Genuinely. He's been good for me,” John said warmly, looking back with a grin, “The work and… having someone who understands me. It's helped a lot. I hardly ever get nightmares any more.”
Sherlock scowled at him, opening his mouth to object, but then blinked at the temptation of the fudge cake, considering it before sighing and glaring, “No.
“Why not? It’s
“It’s just the one!” John argued as his back appeared in the doorway.
important to you.”
“I have a good side?” Sherlock questioned dazedly, turning with an instinctive need to press into the touch, wallowing in the drag of John’s palm against his nose. The skin smelt of gingerbread.
couldn't. Not with your singing voice, at any rate."
!” Sherlock groused through gritted teeth, lifting his head, face and neck blotchy. “I had to wait and I am
“I've never done it before,” John disclosed quietly, shuffling his cards without looking, nervous and stupidly timid. “With a
“I hope so,” Sherlock said instead of rebuffing the suggestion, bending forward so Orion could lap at his cheek again. He took the stick and gave it one more throw. “Let’s walk.”
or anything. It's just that I like the idea of you learning from
time?—What exactly did you say? Why didn’t you
For a moment of unknown length, Sherlock’s mind and vision blanked at John’s words, and he gaped at him, shaking, “You really...think so?”
“I might not be flexible,” John muttered, giving Sherlock's shoulder a deep bite, “but I
“It was very obvious what you meant, yeah, you envious bitch. Nothing wrong with some experience,” Greg replied, squeezing John’s shoulders in reassurance and taking a step back, mouth shiny and red. He turned then to Sherlock, posture inviting and the features of his face tightened in a playful challenge. When he spoke next though, he sounded apprehensive and dubious, a nervousness just lingering at the edges. “Come on then. Your turn.”
bath. But then Mrs Hudson intervened and – plans changed...”
John laughed, giving a half shrug, “I found him attractive the first day we met and only got more obsessed with the bastard as time went on. - It mostly started after the whole pool situation, sort of a 'we're alive' fumble that progressed into a regular occurrence. It's
“Eggy bread with what looked like an entire tin of condensed milk and a lie-down—that’s my idea of a rainy Saturday,” the nurse commented, patting his brother’s hip. “Can I have a word with you, sir?”
His miscalculation involved a poorly-thought-out leap from a bridge. His ankle was broken and until it healed he drove me, Mrs Hudson, and Belinda nearly mad.
, my darling. You could
“Well, then. I suppose we will have to keep this to ourselves until it hits the news?” Mummy’s inquiry was dry and bitter.
I reflected on that then and more now. The poor woman certainly knows about our untidy-bordering-on-indecent attire. She knows that I use gentle massage on my friend’s head when he is in pain. She knows how intimate we must be when I am treating him for illness or injury.
So now, as she brought the stack of soft, luxurious blankets up to the older brother’s bedroom, she did not question why Sherlock would be sleeping on the sofa there instead of the freshly-made bed in the room he usually used.
“I suppose you have questions,” he began.
“Where is his brother?” Solomon asked as between the two of them they got their charge stripped and into the bath.
“What estate agent were they using?”
“His shin. Why?”
falling
lights
He has been thus imprisoned since that awful evening.
Mycroft had casually run his fingers across his housekeeper’s keyboard as he passed through the deserted kitchen. It was quarter past eleven and the house was quiet. A quick flick of the mouse had shown him his brother’s activities on the internet before he had been summoned to the table to eat; as requested, Mrs Parker had left all his search windows open. Interesting choices—weather; a site about movies and television programmes—he had been looking at the page for a programme about 18th century navigation at sea that starred Jeremy Irons. Harrods—he had been looking at towels and bedding.
“He is his elder brother, and I am not supposed to talk about him, so I don’t know what else I am permitted to tell you. You will have to ask them. Shall I bring up some coffee?”
John nodded. “Good. Enjoy yourself.”
“Yeah. Winifred—the overnight nurse—got him crayons—we thought that maybe he could try to… not talking… well, you know.”
It has been two days and I find myself finally at enough distance to pick up my pencil (I do admit to missing my pen) to explain all.
“What’s the difference?”
“You should have taken that into consideration before you decided that it was less important to tend to your patient than to play…” he paused, shuddering, “’Bejeweled’.”
True to his word, Mycroft entered our room after we had breakfasted. I cannot express the relief I experienced watching Sherlock eat. He did not consume a great amount, but he did manage some porridge. Despite the bandages on his hands, he was able to manage a spoon. He was moving so very slowly, still under the influence of the awful drug, and was not speaking much.
It was a chair—or possibly the bedside table—slamming into the wall with a decisive crack of wood that finally woke the nurse. She glanced around dazedly, attempting to absorb the situation.
It felt so very normal and real. I was glad to add it to my burden.
“Thank goodness.”
“Yes. We had a lovely chat. Now grab one.”
I was not certain how to respond to that, so I remained silent.
In fact, it is those changes that have spurred me to complete this bit of our history. We have just returned from a stay there, and despite my darling’s complaints of boredom, it was a generally successful and peaceful holiday. I feel quite refreshed and able to face my notes of that dark time which is—thankfully—now in our past.
Had never fussed with the tea pot and strainer and those ridiculous tiny, fragile teacups and saucers—those drove him berserk. Seriously—balance a slippery bit of china full of hot liquid on another equally slippery one? Who had come up with that?
“Dante? I thought you’d deleted classic literature.” John let a mouthful of amber liquid slip down his throat.
“Interesting,” the neurologist commented, writing something down on a clipboard. He was startled when Sherlock grabbed at it.
It was very shortly after I had stretched out that I heard our landlady enter the house. The heat having apparently paralysed the entire city, the street was oddly quiet even as we entered mid-afternoon, and so there was not the usual cacophony of Baker Street to override any noise within the house. I could hear the creak of her basket as she put it on the table in the hall. There was a pause and I knew that she was removing her hat. It was highly unlikely (an impossibility, as far as I was concerned) that she had to divest herself of any wrap, and my supposition was apparently correct, as immediately I heard her head towards the stairs that led down to the kitchen.
“Oh, there’s some cold tongue and bread and cheese—” she began, and then she caught my eye, and instantly understood. “but the shop on the corner does some very nice meat pasties, and there’s always someone happy to sell you something tasty,” she ended.
He nodded miserably, and I rubbed his back, considering our situation. I finally came to a conclusion. “Well, my love, what do you think we should do about this predicament?” I inquired. I quite purposely said “we” to let him know that I was not terribly angry with him and that I was not going to abandon him.
Long before their trip to Harrods, John had agonized about what he could possibly get for him. He had immediately dismissed any sort of clothing—he wouldn’t be able to select a single pair of socks that were acceptable, let alone a shirt or something. He had considered a selection of different honeys, tins of biscuits, and even a selection of gourmet-flavoured popcorn—but seeing Mycroft’s overflowing basket, he was grateful for not having pursued this option, as anything he could have procured would have seemed piddling in comparison. Finally, it had dawned on him. Here he was, considering the most mundane sorts of gifts possible, when the man for whom he was buying was anything but. Sherlock Holmes was a unique man. Only a unique gift—one that truly reflected his personality—would do.
overcome it
I would have gladly died—in a way—to feel those thin, white fingers wrap around my tumescent organ and draw from me
“He’s colouring.” He noted that their patient was moving slowly; dreamily. Clearly still under the influence of the tranquiliser. He did not seem to take any notice of them.
He frowned, considering this. “But…” he offered tentatively, “people do
“Are you all right, Mrs Hudson?” I asked in concern. Her face was pinched and downcast. “Are you in pain?”
During this I mainly kept my eyes fixed on my friend, but sometimes I would glance at his brother who, like myself, was seated at the edge of his chair, ready to spring up and impede Sherlock’s rambling if it became necessary.
We both nodded; hadn’t we all?
Sherlock’s gaze ran up and down the sleek body of the car as he considered this. For once, the government man wished he had a less ostentatious method of transportation. Then the thin man shook his head again; his lips moved the slightest bit, as if he was attempting to speak.
“The behaviour is consistent from time to time, so I believe yes, it is.”
“I am cold,” he admitted in a somewhat hoarse voice. “Even sitting by the fire did not warm me.”
“But otherwise, I have no desire to dress or to act any differently than as I do. I have not wished to present myself as a woman just to do the thing. I have never wished to be a woman. I have never once wished to be… a wife to you.”
And now this was my first introduction to Mycroft Holmes.
Finally, that Mary was alive; that she had seen and talked to her in America—that would be easy enough to prove even without contacting Mary herself. She had moved away of her own volition, and even if under an assumed name, her travels to America would surely appear in some ship’s log.
Mycroft gazed thoughtfully at the closed door, considering their conversation. He had wondered if the scars might be bothering his brother—particularly the one on his thigh, of course—but hadn’t known how to ask.
John smiled sadly at the memory—tasting the dry, somewhat rough skin on his lover’s knees. Sherlock’s skin always tasted faintly of soap. “Did you ever walk anywhere that you didn’t fall?” he had inquired facetiously. He would never tease him about the scars on his thighs, of course, but the scars on his knees, the result of uncountable encounters with rough pavement, were fair game.
“I had no smelling salts with me, but I did have my small bottle of scent. I put a bit of it on my handkerchief and daubed the poor lady’s temples and wrists with it.”
“It’s…” The queer eyes, which were now sparkling in the firelight, flicked rapidly across the front and back of the box. “You… put together these squares in different ways and then you have to fit irregular pieces into them.”
So Sherlock satisfied—in part at least—my curiosity about his brother, and then it was time to broach my second subject.
“Thank you,” I murmured. “He really cannot bear to see anyone for whom he cares to suffer in any way.”
At that point Sherlock did indeed attempt an escape, and the rest of his story I must leave to surmise.
“I require something of you, Doctor Watson.”
“Sherlock! At least allow me to ask my question.”
I followed him. When I opened the door, he did not pause in stripping off his befouled clothes or look at me. He did, however, make a rather angry growl.
It was not possible. It was not reasonable. It was not decent. It was not legal.
Mycroft was alarmed as Sherlock stumbled into a chair and slammed his hand against it in fury.
He considered this. He really did need to get some sleep, and he knew that staying in the same room as Sherlock would hardly be restful. He nodded and rose. “Yes. I believe that I will. You will let me know if he needs anything.” It was not a question.
He became aware that there was someone else in the room and moved his head to observe. His eye better heal quickly; all this swivelling his head around was making him feel horrible.
“Why...” John wanted to kick himself. “Never mind. That’s all in the past. Come on. One more game.”
“Oh! For a case?”
“It’s understandable, sir—it is a bit odd. It was my sister.” He paused and I encouraged him with a gesture to continue. “She married when she was eighteen and moved to London with her new husband, who had obtained a position with the railroad. A few years later, I began to receive the most troubling letters. We had always been avid correspondents, even when I was away at school, but when she was about twenty, they began to change. Make less and less sense. She thought her neighbour, whom I had been led to understand was quite pleasant, was trying to poison her. She thought the pictures in the church—the paintings and windows, I mean—were watching her.
“No, John. I do not wish to see you in your new pyjamas.”
He was absolutely correct. I removed and hung up my coat and turned. Sure enough, there was my dressing gown—a gift from him on my last birthday—draped neatly over the back of my chair. I slipped into it and discovered a note in one of the pockets.
He nodded. “Mr Holmes, Mrs Parker. The… uh… the gardener, and Benjamin.” He blushed again, and Winifred smiled to herself. Sherlock had shared his deduction about the nurse’s orientation with her (he had drawn what was clearly the nurse, distinguishable by his hair and freckles, and another clearly male figure that did look suspiciously like the driver, and between them had added three cartoonish hearts in vivid red crayon). So, did Christopher have a bit of a thing for the tall, dishy driver? She didn’t blame him.
I adore his elegant clothing; the look of his shoulders when he is embraced by shirt and waistcoat and coat. The ripple of taut muscles beneath his fine shirts. The hidden iron strength of his hands and arms. The vibrancy as he strides across a moor and creeps around a room and clambers up a broken staircase still—every time—astounds and thrills me. His deep voice and trim hips—yes.
She could hear scrabbling as he dragged himself under the bed.
“Oh, dear,” Etta remarked, not in distress but in sympathy.
“I asked what you’d been up to. I have three children. I know guilt when I see it.”
Unfortunately, he showed little sign of becoming still enough to treat him, and I was alarmed when I noted a bit of blood soaking through the sheet.
“You want me to listen, you start at the beginning and
He wondered where his boats were.
“You should retrieve it; my man will see to it that it gets posted.”
He remained silent for a moment, contemplating this. “In what circumstances?” he finally demanded.
[Sherlock has added:
Sherlock, momentarily shocked into silence, stared at it and then at his brother.
make sense,” he agreed, smiling a bit at how Matilda’s beautiful, lilting accent became stronger as she became intrigued about their conversation. “It’s still surprising, though, considering.” He straightened up and showed her the clipboard he had grabbed. “Now, here’s his meds schedule, and… listen. Today was pretty rough. Something happened yesterday, and he’s still upset about it. He did have a haircut and a shave, but it wasn’t very pleasant.”
John shrugged. Who was he to argue? Sherlock had, completely by surprise, headed directly to the men’s designer collections after their repast, and within minutes had selected an extremely handsome shirt. The doctor didn’t even wonder if it was the correct size. Names apparently were irrelevant, but sizes could be deduced from acute observation—and he had no doubt whatsoever that the article would fit Greg Lestrade to a T.
“My darling, you must calm down. You have been quite overcome all day.” I stroked his cheek. “I realise that this has been quite an unsettling turn of events, but your reaction seems so strong.”
“Mr Holmes—really. The last thing your brother needs is a bad example to follow.”
A chill ran through me as I realised what he was leading to. “He did not, I take it,” I offered.
When he was done, his patient fell back, panting and pale. He sat on the cold tiles, drew his knees up, and hid his face on them.
“It is as you say, John,” he admitted as a shudder of delight ran all the way down his slender body.
He was a friend.
There. He was in bed. As I had predicted, he had been eerily complacent, allowing me to direct all of his movements. I released my grasp on his elbow only long enough to use my latch key, and then regained it to direct him gently upstairs. Mrs Hudson (bless her) popped out into the vestibule when we gained our entrance, wondering at our early return, but without a word exchanged between us, she seemed to understand.
Where they really discussing him as if he weren’t there? He tried protesting, but somehow after he managed to open his mouth, he found himself unable to form words. Was it because he didn’t have control over his lips and tongue? Or was it because he didn’t have control over the words themselves? He wasn’t entirely sure.
I have seen his face on some of these nights. He watches longingly as I prepare for bed. I encourage him to do the same: a soft nightshirt; a warm dressing gown. Comfortable slippers. A glass of sherry or wine and a good book in front of the fire. He tries to emulate me. He truly does try. He usually manages to change his clothes. Before we were—what we are now—I would send him into his room and he would eventually emerge thusly attired. Now, of course, I ensure that he does so by leading him into his room and as carefully as possible assisting him. He is often so impatient that he pushes away my hands, pulls violently on buttons, and even tears his fine shirts. Mrs Hudson knows when he has been in such a mood by the amount of mending she must do.
Not even when Sherlock almost managed to break away from the medical staff attempting to inject him with a tranquiliser.
“That was simple enough. I merely asked Mr Harper who he had entertained—or at least had in the house—recently. He had, as I suspected, had some neighbours in a week prior for some supper and cards. This party included a young, unmarried woman accompanying her parents—a young woman whom he had been introduced to when he took the house a year prior, and whom he had encountered several times since.”
He now implicitly understood the phrase
Finally, early one afternoon, he emerged just as I was returning from a trip to the tobacconist’s. He was somewhat dressed—trousers and an unfastened shirt; his feet bare. In a word, his typical self.
“Misapprehension?” She sounded puzzled and a bit concerned. “Whatever do you mean?”
Why saving a nine-year-old girl from suffocation in the throes of diphtheria still, a year later, haunts my dreams, I have no idea.
“What had he been doing in the few days prior?”
“What…?” she managed, discreetly wiping her chin with her fingers.
John chuckled. “Probably. But it’ll look great on you.”
“I hear he doesn’t eat,” Simon interjected.
The bed was empty. I saw spots in front of my eyes. I tried to breath. I noticed that the door adjoining our rooms was ajar. I knew that it had been shut. I burst into my own room and glanced around frantically.
The man had lots of sisters and brothers and went to church all the time.
“You wouldn’t,” he stated flatly. His statement was directed at his brother, but he continued to look at me, and I could see that the words had struck terror into him.
The older brother carefully refolded the paper and slid it into his own pocket—when what he really wanted to do was to take a thick, black marker and write JOHN across the sprawling, ill-formed letters. If Sherlock’s desperation to see the doctor couldn’t get him to remember his name, what would?
Both turned back, eyes wide.
“What did you do deliberately?”
Interesting.
Additionally, I had not been the one to invent the fiction that Mary was dead; that was my editor. No death certificate had been falsified by myself or anyone else.
Now, on Sunday afternoon, watching Mary pour tea in her sitting room, his discomfort and sympathy for the nurse resurfaced.
“I have no idea… unless… There is absolutely no reason that I am here, living, and no reason that I should continue.  I cannot bear to take one more breath.”
“You said something about a ring and then you dashed off. Were you looking for a
“No thank you,” he demurred. “I have come to see my brother. He is in his bed, is he not?”
And then… it was confusing, because now instead of leaning up against her soft shoulder and looking at the pictures in his book he found his face being pressed into… that wasn’t okay, was it? He didn’t like it one bit. There were mounds of flesh being pushed into his face and they were too big and he could smell the washing powder she used and he didn’t like it and he didn’t like having his face so close to that part of her and he had pushed her away as hard as he could.
And then she winced.
It was not the first time Mr Holmes had housed someone who required around-the-clock nursing and, of course, the highest degree of security and anonymity possible.
“You mean to sleep on your own?” I demanded. I admit it here—I was, once realisation struck, a bit put out. We have been sharing for so many nights that it had not occurred to me that he might wish to sleep in his own bed.
Mycroft knew he was experiencing an uneasy combination of stress (loathe as he was to admit it) and fatigue, but it wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. It left him with a vague sense of unreality that gave everything a somewhat soft edge. It wasn’t that he was not thinking clearly—that would never happen—but it smoothed and cushioned the hard edges of what he was feeling—both physical sensations and his emotions. He had been eating whatever was placed in front of him automatically, but he was not aware of feeling either hungry or satiated. He had showered when it was convenient. He had slept as much as he could when he could.
John had turned off the ringers on both of their phones.
By the time we reached the lichen-blotched stone mansion, he was keen and focused in his assessment of the situation. As always, I enjoyed observing him as he threw himself to the floor and examined it and briskly tugged on the false bell-rope.
He opened his mouth, probably to protest, then shut it again.
of days. It’s simply not relevant to him. I do not believe that he has any sense of time at the moment—he seems quite confused. I am certain, however, that he knows that he is in London.”
“Don’t tell me…”
“Yes, I did.”
“Dunno.”
“I am curious about that,” I admitted. “Perhaps I will call on Mr. Harper myself and inquire.”
I told him about the hotel.
“Sherlock, are you listening?” Mycroft demanded, rather predictably.
“We’ll have to go outside next time,” the older brother commented.
Never mind.
I sighed. “Yes, you are absolutely correct.”
He nodded and wrapped his arms around me, gently kissing my face. At some point I came to my senses and gently dissuaded him—realising that the door to the corridor was shut but not locked—but for several minutes I was unconscious of anything but the comfort of his proximity and of his touch.
He sat back in his chair and observed her coolly. I leaned forward in mine, eager for the strike.
He sighed and trudged down the hallway, his boots making odd squelching noises. When he was clean I would insist that he scrub the floor as well. He slammed the door of the bath-room shut and I heard the taps go on.
“You were delirious.”
She was not amused, however, and frowned at me. “Well, over time, I have marked several recipes that I wished to try, and it occurred to me that this would be an opportune time. Belinda is quite handy in the kitchen, as you have noticed, and I did not think that any of them were beyond her capabilities.”
That was most visits, of course—but not every one. The other visits the curly-haired man had graced them with were of a decidedly different nature. Those visits usually began with Mycroft and his driver, often with at least one assistant, heading out into the night. A while later, they would return with an additional passenger—one who was dishevelled, often incoherent, often ill—and she would know that for the next day or two she would be making a great deal of tea, bowls of soup, and sandwiches, and doing a great deal of washing.
I have not yet recorded my observations of the attendants—those men hired specifically for the purpose of attending to Sherlock rather than his usual household servants. Most of them are extremely large, sturdy men who never speak a word that is not directly related to their tasks and who never have any expression on their faces but a surly sort of resignation. There are a few who seem to take a perverse pleasure in my friend’s suffering—I caught one taunting him when I had stepped away and returned unexpectedly. I reported this to Mycroft and have not laid eyes on him since.
working,” I interrupted, pointing to her feather duster, which she had, simultaneously with her talk, been rigorously employing among the myriad objects collected on our sitting-room mantle. She has an amazing felicity for cleaning things without disturbing them. Not that the efforts of our dear friend are any less, but she prefers to shift things about a bit whilst cleaning. She says that it is to check that nothing has got stuck onto the mantle.
He was really being quite fussy, despite my attempt to pacify him. I offered him my hand to assist him into the tub, but he waved it away impatiently.
“So why have you brought him to me now?”
As the weather warms and spring arrives in England as it always does—tentatively, as if it was taking itself by surprise—I am occasionally caught in a light rain, and the feel of the mist on my face brings me there. There on the precipice of the Reichenbach Falls—wanting to peer over the edge into the chasm but knowing that that would be foolhardy.
“And some decent clothing?” he offered.
He cut me off with a sharp wave of his hand. “That is precisely why I need to see him,” he informed me, and before I could respond to that, he turned and strode directly into Sherlock’s bedroom, once again without knocking.
“Oh… yes. Yes, I could help a bit. It would have to be at the slow hours for the shop, when the boy (she tipped her head toward the young man, swathed in a waist-to-floor apron, who was sweeping the floor in a thoughtful manner) can manage on his own.”
“But what if you should not?”
“It is pyjamas,” I explained patiently to his still-beautiful-even-upside-down countenance.
That was quite apparent, and so being the case, the decision not to subject him to intravenous antibiotics, painkillers, and nutritional supplements at that moment was unanimous. If he was calmer, they probably would have—he clearly needed them—but in his present state of mind the last thing the confused and terrified man needed was a tether to an IV bag. He had been traumatized enough just by the initial blood draws and injections. Oral medications would have to do.
His lip will take somewhat more time to heal; it is cut not only where the villain’s hand abused it but also on the inside, where it struck a tooth. I am relieved that the tooth itself seems sound.
“A bit, yes.”
He frowned in a rather sad way and looked down, apparently studying the wet towel beneath his feet. “It is not just that,” he admitted.
“What was that, love?” Winifred murmured, rising from her chair. She had been reading, with one eye on her patient, and had noted a slight increase in his rate of breathing. Thankfully, he had had a few hours of deep sleep. It was the first time the nurse had seen him like that—deeply and naturally asleep. He still looked fragile and broken—too pale and too thin—with slowly-healing bruises on his hands and face—but there was a peace that she had never seen before.
It didn’t matter one bit how much they spent, did it? Not when they were using Mycroft’s credit card, which Sherlock had “liberated” from his pocket.
“What the hell do you want, Mycroft?”
right. His brother sat beside him. So he
I saw Mrs. Watson as we—I was visiting my cousin Albert, and he was my escort for the evening—were leaving a concert hall. The lobby was crowded, and although she did not initially take any notice of me, I was instantly suspect that it was she. I was able to get close enough to her to hear her speak, and that confirmed her identity. She wears her hair differently, but I could not mistake her voice.
Clearly still feeling the effects of Sherlock’s little dose, she fumbled in her pocket for the capped syringe he knew she had.
“Exactly. Biscuits?”
—strung out on whatever lovely little cocktail they’ve been giving him, and he somehow managed to get up, get himself dressed, and make his escape before anyone even knew that he was sitting up.”
“Yes, sir. I even assisted. That was very exciting.”
“You would think that,” I agreed. “Nonetheless, I found my mind running on a quite different track.”
“Yes, it has, actually,” his housekeeper confirmed. “He’s upstairs with that handsome nurse—Solomon. The new nurse will be coming on in a bit, and I was just going to start on dinner.”
“Ah, coffee! Excellent,” the slender man now exclaimed, helping himself before I could even offer him a cup. “Sherlock, would you like some? Can you manage a cup?”
“Who knows what goes on in that funny old head of his,” the housekeeper shrugged. “As long as he doesn’t turn the hot on enough to burn himself, it’s no trouble.”
He looked around himself blearily. One eye didn’t seem to be working terribly well.
And then—yes—his brother’s mind seemed to have switched off again; derailed.
“Most assuredly. Firstly, how much of that speech about morality did you rehearse?”
Molly nearly shrieked as her mobile, in the pocket of her lab coat, suddenly began to play “Funeral March of a Marionette.” She fumbled it out and stared at the caller ID.
. Everything is… open.” He wouldn’t look at John though and was gripping the cards, bending them slightly between his hands. “It is what it is. I always gave you a way out. Always will. I am… not an easy man to like.”
Sherlock looked seconds away from fatigued slumber, splayed out, red, and damp with his own essence, and it was too difficult to resist the new routine they had, even under the inspecting eye of Greg, so he bent down and kissed Sherlock's forehead. The quiet exhale of laughter from Greg made him blush, though not withdraw, not until he was satisfied.
“As unflattering as they
for you--”
Trailing to a stop mid-sentence, mid-thought, John blinked over at Greg, suddenly realising what, or rather who, he was describing. He was describing the Inspector down to a T. Everything they could want with another, Greg had in spades. He was perfect.
“You’ll last a while longer yet,” John said.
“...Possibly,” Sherlock mumbled, glancing around at the cluttered space with a frown. They needed to clear an area.
“It’s the truth, you
erotic to imagine… and I do it
John hummed, “Are you sure you’re okay with this?”
“Hopefully the white. I think I'd prefer white,” John replied, studying Sherlock closely and digging his thumb into the base of Sherlock's nape in a circling, pushing, kneading massage. “White is better for Thai, right? And if not, red can give me a hangover and –
!” Sherlock snapped tetchily.
being so open.”
“You can’t be
“Yes,” Sherlock answered. “Yes, fine.
, thanks,” John said as he rose to his feet. “Would you like to change the lead, Sherlock?—Wait, shit, we haven’t got a collar for him!”
this? What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, feeling his hair stand up with a flush of prickling heat. The sight of John’s pink tongue wetting the skin of his mouth a dizzying turn on. It always had been. Sherlock would very often curse that tongue of his. “Are you...is this an
, yes,” he mumbled, taking a wet breath and a subtle sniff. Though he frequently detested repeating himself, John had heard the phrase before. Several times before, in fact. Always in response to John’s soothing words. A pattern they had built up over months of awkward trial and error, and one that only cemented the fact Sherlock was down, his way of admitting his stewing, choking emotions. One of the few ways he had to confess to the churning hated mess, which clogged him up and left him feeling raw and vulnerable, like an open wound.
we could start somewhere a little more
“Tell me. You can have anything, Sherlock.”
John raised an eyebrow and considered making a snarky comment but decided against it, following Sherlock's instructions and allowing his shirt to be unbuttoned and thrown to one side. Thankful that the fire was still burning low, keeping the temperature moderately warm in the flat as Sherlock carefully undressed him, his nimble fingers making quick work of his vest until he was topless. Sherlock then paused and began running his hands, his palms, knuckles, fingertips, nails, all over John's exposed torso, worshiping him reverently, gaze intent. Pout still very much in place. He glanced up at John briefly, dropped another kiss to his mouth, and then nosed his way down his throat, letting his lips roll leisurely over his pulse. It felt good, as it was obviously meant to, and John relished it, closing his eyes and breathing in the scent of him.
“Have you been at my biscuits?” Mrs Hudson demanded.
be here, whether it's to send a text, to protect you in a gun battle or to force you to eat at least one vegetable from your plate. I will always be at your side.”
“I did tell you to button your coat,” John muttered as he kicked off his boots briefly enough to rid himself of his saturated jeans. He winced as he sat down and the cold damp of the floor instantly leeched the precious remaining heat from his arse, and motioned to Sherlock to take his sodden trousers off as well.
? - Who really needs words when our actions are so much more
,” he muttered and turned to flounce off, only to stop, turn back around and frown, pointing. “Why are you still wearing your coat?”
- So come on.
“I predominantly feel morose,” Sherlock grumbled.
“Okay,” John said, his hands a firm support against him. “Tell me if you do.”
"Technically not a transphobe as she's not a transgender--"
, I'll give you that...” He huffed out a laugh and leaned in to kiss her cheek in return, still unable to tear himself away from Sherlock's face on some underwear. “Thank you. It's...
"No..."
John chuckled again, a light and playful sound, “If you want roses, then we can have roses. But you don’t have to impress me. I’m impressed by you
be your friend. Regardless. Of
. And Mrs Hudson already knows. Has already, without knowing, allied with you with the opinion to get rid of her,” he huffed, moving around to pick the turkey back up. “I’m getting sick and tired of the
of his bloody business..."
“Even if you had to pester and remind him about it, I’m grateful anyway, you know? I had to get out of my place. Just for a bit. - And a vow renewal, as stupid and frankly painful to watch as it was, actually turned out to be quite, well,
you would. You’d get on with life, make new friends, new lovers, get married quite possibly… it would be fine. - The pain of a lost friendship wouldn’t linger as long as you think it would—”
Sherlock tried to push his widening smile aside and walked them to a free bench, sitting with a sigh, “He likes and knows
deserve better than her. Goodnight.”
Boxing Day meal,” John agreed, “though no more Gone With the Wind references.”
! I know you… I'd know you
A thick, tense, silence filled the space between living room and kitchen as Sherlock chose not to reply, and Greg lifted his brows in confusion, before quickly catching on with a small, nod and a tight smile. John wasn’t there then. Sherlock was lonely, not bored. It had happened in the past, once or twice, though it had been a tad worse then, considering the man was sometimes off his face on drugs.
not."
patients a few months back and I needed to walk off some steam before I headed home. I ended up walking all the way here. I kept thinking about it on my off time after that."
“Mm?--
“Only to me,” John smiled with a fond huff of breath as he leaned down to press a chaste kiss to Sherlock's forehead, lingering for just a fraction of a second longer to feel the brow contract in a small, sullen furrow under his lips. “I know you, I know your habits
!” he barked.
. And I have a craving for his food. Could make a night of it. Maybe have a bottle of... of, um, of wine and even go as far as to get you that fudge cake you love so much...”
“It’s cold outside,” Sherlock told him, talking into the soft curve of his scarf. “I’m just wrapping up, as ordered.”
… I'm not confident enough to ask for what I want...”
“What
“I’m… close
Standing up on wobbly legs, clutching ridiculously onto a chair to try and stay upright, John then shuffled his way towards the bar, towards this man, needing to be closer, to see him better. He almost forgot he still had hold of his glass as he reached his destination, until, of course, he awkwardly tried to climb onto a stool with it. The clunk of it hitting the wooden edge shocked him into a backwards stumble, spilling droplets of what still lingered of his pint and the warm, wet, condensation that remained dribbling down its sides over himself, wetting his already sodden sleeve and a small patch on his leg. He thought he was going to go arse over tit, was going to crash down onto his arse, his back, and be unable to ever get back up, but then the man he'd gone to see, gone to stare at, and discover leaned over and assisted him back towards the bar. The man took the pint glass from his curled fingers, lifted it to the bar, onto a coaster, out of the way of destruction and offered his arm and his elbow for John. John was fine though. John didn't need that sort of help. He didn't deserve that. Yet he appreciated it through his alcohol-clogged mind, knew how it felt being on the other side, being the sober one, being the one to pick up the pieces.
.” He smiled softly at the bird, giving a soft pat on the small head. “I, um, I chose her. Out of a flock, when she was just a poult. To eat her. For Christmas dinner. As a surprise. - Weird, I must admit, but I thought it was... interesting to be involved. - But when I went to see her today, to check on her health and... to order her death… I… couldn’t do it.”
can. I’ve given and done
” John responded, agreeing at least that Sherlock did look rather happy for once in his picture, he just wished it wasn't right where his privates were supposed to be. “Oh that Mrs Hudson, she's a right –
“Because this is
“Oh my lord,” she said, pushing the wrapping paper away from a new mixer.
“He might,” John replied with a wispy, homely laugh. “I told him I’d be taking him home a few times, but I don’t know how much he understands yet.”
“John…” his name was a hushed whisper.
Sherlock gave the line of his collarbone a sudden, sharp sucking kiss and then cupped the back of his head, glancing up at him, "
,” he admitted quietly, thinking about how John had grabbed him in Mrs Hudson’s kitchen, how he had tasted and felt in that moment, how he’d been set ablaze by the passion. How he’d wanted more. A lot more.
“Yeah, probably. Especially if you haven't fed her since you brought her here—Now, I don't know what we have that is turkey friendly, but
“St-stop talking—
Mrs Hudson fondly rolled her eyes, positioning John to stand right below the hanging mistletoe, which he stared up at with a strange daunting sensation of impending doom, “It’s
“Do you always dress to the right?” Sherlock asked, still vaguely rubbing his forehead against him as he spoke.
Taking it in his free hand, Sherlock tested the strength of it, bending and twisting it, inhaling the scent of genuine leather, “Thank you. I’m sure he’ll love chewing on it.”
As he stepped through the divider, happy to find the fire roaring, he was unexpectedly bombarded with coloured clutter from his right, and stunned he turned to find the coffee table littered with rolls of ribbon, all different kinds of colours and patterns and styles and types. Some were thin, others were thick. Half were messily unwound from their rolls and the rest were still neatly confined. The sofa was coated too, only with perfectly tied bows, many, many, many bows made out of the many, many, many different ribbons, and Sherlock was sat in the middle of them all cross-legged, completely naked. He had lace bows tied around his neck, wrists, ankles, and, as John gave a wide-eyed glance downward, even his flaccid penis.
She took a different tack, responding to John's words and not his sentiment.
"Only you, Sherlock, could get so much out of so little," he smiles. Playing his accustomed role, putting Sherlock back at ease, for all that he means every word.
A giggle escapes from his constricted throat and his hands tangle in the cagoule. He shifts so his forehead is pressed against the sharp edge of Sherlock's collarbone, breathing through his nose, trying to check the laughter.
"Why did you marry me?" John's shoulders were hunched, his gaze on the floor, but his voice still had an army snap to it.
"If it's important," (military snap; faint echo of Scots drill sergeant in his vowels) "move it."
Mary considered him, then the phone. "Didn't you tell me once he'd ordered egg drop soup at the end of your first case together, even though you were at that dim sum place?"
This humility can't last and, frustrated as he's been with Sherlock's absence, frustrated as he once was with his everpresent need to show off, John's not sure he likes the look of it on Sherlock.
"Does your faith ever run dry, John?"
A rangy figure on the bench at the Butcher's Cross bus stop catches his eye. His mind swiftly assesses the stranger: close-cropped ginger hair, a garish cagoule, a hiker's knapsack at his feet. Hunched forward with elbows on knees. Exhausted. Out-of-place. Not a threat, John thinks initially, but the closer he gets the more his metaphorical hackles rise; he can't identify why, but his fingers itch to reach for the gun he wishes he still carried.
anorak...
searches his face, rolling the crop, breath catching in the back of his throat for more questions...
John glares at it, warily.
"The hell?" she asked the phone; the screen went dark. "John, is 'soup' some sort of code between you and Sherlock?"
John wants to hold that attention for as long as he can, and he'll take any bad idea he can get if it works.
Like a man waking from a nightmare, Sherlock reached out to take John's hand, completing their circle.
, in some as-yet-unexplained way, when emotional bonds have become genuine and deep between paramours, and idiot sentimentalists (who call the imprints left behind by the kindling power
"I — "
After an uncomfortable moment, Sherlock looks down. John realises, with a faint flush, that his fingers are still clamped tightly around Sherlock's wrist.
So what
Sherlock's lips curve just a little in return, even as he dismissively flicks a crumb off his chin. "Totally mundane."
The jacket he's
It's enough to be going on with.
that yanks his brain back online.
She heard John slide to a halt on the landing.
"You didn't have to give me any
She sighed, and kissed his cheek.
"What the fuck are you doing here?" He glared at her from in front of the writing table, an ominous silhouette framed by the horned skull on the wall.
John lifts his teacup for a last, savoring sip, then pushes the saucer away with a sigh.
, setting a cable of steel in place of John's spine, a burning pit in the place of his heart. No guarantees, he reminds himself. Never assume.
He straightens, looks at the tidy stack of folders on his desk, and pushes to his feet. He won't collapse and he won't go to London. What he
He feels warm hands on his shoulders, the brush of a thumb at his nape (like the remembered touch across his shoulder blade, across the damaged skin on his inner elbow) but it's gone again before he can react. (To nothing, to nothingness.) Then fingers apply a daub of cream at the intersection between two welts; a faint hesitation but otherwise impersonal, clinical.
John had said aloud, and the words were true; but less true than the things they
Sherlock glances back at him, then finishes his slow, savoring bite, prepared this time for the taste of home. He lifts an eyebrow.
, at what we already had together, and his lips were soft and luscious against mine. We fit together like twinned rare-earth magnets brought close enough at last, drawn together with a force that shook us both.
Sherlock hands the stack to him. Earnest sparks light his eyes, and he picks up a biscuit. John pretends not to notice, leafing through the invoices and purchase orders and manuals and notes.
The detective's eyes are fixed on him, probably reading every nuance of John's expression, weighing the weary tilt of his head, analyzing the angles at which his stubble is growing in at the end of this long, very long day... but John's fairly certain deciphering the reasons for
"I love him and I'm not giving him up — but he loves you. And I would
And he is lying through his teeth, even before Jim looks back at him, tired eyes glinting hard and dark as beer-bottle glass above his lingering half-smile, and the cliché of a chill crawls down John's spine.
Sherlock's lips tightened, and she could see that whatever reserves had lifted him from begging for soup to firing a gun were almost gone — but the crisis wasn't over yet, and she needed to push them through to the end of this. Mary moved past John to stand next to Sherlock's chair, where John could see them both, and reached down to take his spoonless, and apparently nerveless, hand. She twined their fingers together, so their palms were pressed together.
Sherlock grimaces; not fond of being ginger, then. John files that away in the "do not tease about" section of his own hard drive, and gestures at the cooling plates on the table.
"Are we really doing this? Having this conversation?" John
Kettle on, I walked back into the front room and sat in my chair; I had a clear view of the sofa, the music stand, the windows, Sherlock's seat, nearly anywhere Sherlock might choose to move in the room.
And subtler things, beyond the usual ways his obsessions drive him to extremes: little markers of post-traumatic stress John doubts Sherlock would recognise as such in himself, let alone acknowledge to anyone else.
John's hand tightens, and his voice, when he finds it again, is hot and dry as the simoom. "You did what you felt necessary to protect the people you care about, Sherlock. Not the same thing at all."
"You. Thought you could track down three — no, you thought you could tear down his entire web in a few
John feels his spine draw up straight; doesn't know if Sherlock is testing his patience or just trying to shut him up, but there are too many ways the message could be important so he comes around the counter to dig roughly in Sherlock's pocket. His frustration only increases when he sees not only who has texted but how many times.
"Yes, and I'm sure you've experimented to find the optimal dose for whatever problem you're working on, and
I watched him walk restlessly around the perimeter of the room, in and out of the fading light: circling our work desk, touching my phone, straightening the handwritten composition next to his computer. I held my tongue — no sense contradicting him when I wasn't the one he was arguing with. He considered it a survival trait, keeping the palace of his thoughts clean and pristine, without the colourful mess the rest of us managed with more or less grace. But whether he liked it or not, the brilliant mind was only a part of him. The moment on the landing had loosed some buried desire from his titanium willpower, and he'd pinned me against the door where I couldn't slip away from him—
Normal, for the marks to fade with time; highly variable, as much as love itself. Normal too, more often than not, for the daily actions and emotions of bondmates to kindle fresh marks to replace the faded, always unpredictable in form, fashion, and especially time-frame. No science has ever been able to predict the when and where, no ritual has ever been found to force the hand of "heaven".
I wished him luck.
enough. Christ, Sherlock. I'm not a bloody innocent and I can
, because Sherlock doesn't and John isn't — even if he did accept a while ago he'd be any damn thing Sherlock needs.
"I believe you," he says. The sauce has heated enough to sweeten the kitchen and attract the cat away from less appetizing fare; he stretches hesitant, imploring paws halfway up John's leg to ask him to share.
John will never ask, Sherlock realises.
John doesn't think either of them are
? I'm very careful with the dosage, I just need it to help me
Perhaps the crisp bit of self-damnation Sherlock had snapped at Anderson has something more to do with it — John won't yet hazard a guess at where that "diagnosis" had come from, but the man is definitely...unique.
"Shut. Up." John scrubbed his hand over his face. "I don't need protecting. What I
"He groomed me to step into his shoes, and I did not disappoint him. I have become the murderer all of you feared."
John comes to life all at once, thrashing out of a chlorine-tinged dream into calm air and sunshine.
criminal masterminds. He'd never meant to hide from either of the Holmeses, nor been fool enough to think he could.
John stiffens under his scrutiny; fatigue, frustration highlighted in the planes of his face, casting shadows of some more difficult-to-define emotion before he tries to hide his tells once more.
He wakes too easily in the small hours of the morning. Doesn't take much: the cat taps on the window to be let in or out, the house settles, a leaf falls in the garden. Once disturbed, restless tension keeps him from falling back to sleep.
"Your brother arrived last week and tried to order me back to London, so I presume he's kept the flat for us. Lestrade is back on the force, reputation only slightly tarnished. Donovan, though I'm sure she tried her damnedest, couldn't link any of your cases with the tale sold by Richard Brook — and Anderson, of all people, asked them to look into him again recently. Something about the German for 'brook.'"
"Different brands, but boxes of each vanished from the same PageOne delivery truck in Chatham on fifteenth February. The driver was investigated but didn't steal anything, nor did he recall anything of value to me in tracking who did. I'm certain Moriarty has destroyed the other stolen pagers, or hoarded them out of sight, but I've set what little I can in place to detect them if they should be put into use. The nobodies who connected the pagers to the different networks, sans legitimate customer accounts, were hired pseudonymously on a work board for freelance programmers. Various frequency bands, network transmitters, emails, IPs and proxies were involved, but suffice to say none of it has led anywhere useful."
"You, Sherlock Holmes, are an ass," John said. "You have always been an ass and you probably always will be one."
." Sherlock's voice is muted, otherworldly, but his eyes are clear and cognizant, acknowledging the word and the concept and the implied promises — every intoxicating layer of his attention still pinned on John's next action.
"Solving crimes, saving lives, bringing justice to bear on murderers — that can be a rush. Even when it's grim. But now you know what I know: killing is filthy miserable work, and it doesn't feel like a game. For you, for me — at the end of it all, after the adrenaline come-down, all we really want to do is go home, if we have a home to go to, and if not, find a nice quiet hole and sleep for about a week. Forget, if we can. Numb the knowledge away if we can't; go out, get drunk, get a shag, get stoned. Even when we know we might have to do it all again tomorrow."
"You're ruthless, Sherlock. You always have been. Ruthless and driven. Put those two together and you just come out looking a heartless bastard. But — "
"Sofa, Sherlock," Mycroft corrects, checking his pocket watch, "it was the sofa."
"I'm always being me."
Sherlock frowns, but John gathers the plastic bags, walks around the other side of the bed where most of the objects he'd swept off had landed and, still focused on Sherlock, settles on the floor. "You lie down, and tell me how you've classified each of these things. We'll just organise now. You can save the deductions for later."
The bright room holds in their slowing breaths. Sherlock drapes like a blanket along John's back, their fingers twined, warmth seeping back and forth in the quiet stillness.
Light-headed, John feels himself nod, once, and swallow several times. With slow deliberation, he folds the page back into its well-worn creases.
"And Sherlock, even after all this. Even...even
Sherlock finally looks at him again, and now John recognizes the flatness in his silver eyes, the haunted awareness that every fighting soldier eventually acquires. He wishes, not for the first time, he knew what alchemy turns that realisation to steel in some and acid in others.
Sherlock finally returns his question with a question: "Why shouldn't I?"
something, some colour in his life beyond his brilliant collection of cold metal facts, had to seem a mortal flaw.
The phone in John's pocket chimes, and the toff walks off, insultingly unconcerned about turning his back on the soldier he's just finished disparaging. He twirls his umbrella and fires off a final comment over his shoulder, one John barely hears through the noise of his mental landscape turning upside down.
Of course Sherlock was right about her and Anderson; John has known him less than twenty-four hours and he's already sure that even if there is "always something" Sherlock gets wrong, it isn't usually as large as mistaking a sister for a brother.
So John makes sure his tone is simple and neutral when he asks, "Please. Come and sit."
Checking pupillary response, she knew he'd say. But his thumb wasn't drawing Sherlock's lower lid down and there was no pressure at his pinkie touching Sherlock's neck above his artery. She knew that touch, could feel the memory on her own face. Sherlock pulled his face aside and down, leaving John's fingers hovering in midair.
"John..." Sherlock says; a rough whisper. He closes his eyes, pulls his chin down to the side in a grimace. Shakes his head before lifting his gaze again — restrained, wary now. "I am sorry, John."
"Sherlock..." I started, following him — always following, always a step or two behind — and I dropped my kit by the door; vibrating with the low amber thrum in my blood. Stripped my jacket off and hung it on the hook behind the door, cursing myself for an idiot. Should have known better than to touch, to try and tilt the fragile balance between us.
The most dangerous thing in Pandora's Box.
I reached out to trace one fingertip across a cheekbone. Of course it was a risk, one I was asking us both to take. I caught his free hand, rubbed a quiet thumb over skin and muscle, the webless space between his fingers, the tendons spreading like violin strings toward the bridge of his knuckles.
The phone box and the black car are almost a welcome distraction.
Or, more to the point, Sherlock seems just as inclined to pick a fight with John while someone else is being
Sherlock properly.
Sherlock squeezes John's wrist in return, reluctant and regretful.
He came right out and said, 'I'm afraid, John,' and John had told him he'd simply got himself 'a bit worked up', before Sherlock had even begun to explain what he feared. And from there, everything had gone wrong and ever more deeply wrong.
"Why'd you lie?" he asks, when the last trace of Mycroft's Entanglement vanishes and the slam of the car door outside confirms they're definitely alone. "You've got nothing on, not a single case."
The track marks are neat and discreet; Sherlock isn't a street junkie, hurrying to shoot up in some dark corner before he can be discovered, and he is undoubtedly deft enough to avoid the through-and-through punctures and venous bruising that leave the ugliest traces. But he hasn't bothered to hide the evidence altogether. The only bit of reassurance is the rate of healing John sees on the older marks; the injections aren't too frequent, Sherlock hasn't — yet — been coasting from high to high, unable to function without.
"Hm?" John asks, already reaching up to pull a pot out of the cupboard. Pasta will do.
"I know, John." He hears Sherlock settling heavily onto one of his kitchen chairs. "You can't imagine how often I wished that I could have brought you with me."
Sherlock's mouth opens on a protest, but John holds up a warding finger.
He shakes his head, short and sharp. Instead of holding his arm, John comes around the table and sets a hand flat on Sherlock's back; his motionless muscles are like oak to the touch, dense and rigid.
to be happy. I made you get soup this morning because you love Sherlock and you miss him, and I wanted you two to heal whatever rift has taken hold between you."
Sherlock gets through all of the papers and most of the food on the plate in about half an hour, but John can see he's starting to tire again despite voice and gestures sharp with suppressed urgency; Moriarty and cocaine again, goading Sherlock forward and collecting their toll for every step he takes. John wants to tell him they can leave the rest of the mess for later, but he's starting to see that the disorder itself is a strain on Sherlock — chaotic as the lot had looked, the arrangement had been an external manifestation of dozens of different rooms in Sherlock's mind palace. John sighs and stands, sets the plate on the chair, and pushes the box of envelopes against the wall by the door.
John pulls Sherlock through the kitchen (paint experiment, list of Semtex tracking additives, lingering Orange Pekoe — must be out of Earl Grey) and down the hall (John's sweat: strong, came this way after his run) — he's been stupid, careless with the evidence but John's been shaken, blind, not himself; Sherlock needs to stop Moriarty
The beginning of trust, if not the thing itself.
She gave him a tiny, damp smile. Reached for John once more, tilting her head toward him.
He paused. Closed his eyes. Took a deep breath of his own. Mary realized she was gripping Sherlock's hand a little too hard.
Sherlock's eyes close, and his mind tumbles weightlessly, exiled from a body reduced to raw response. Packs of words —
"How long has it been since he's reached out?" she asked, simply. She and John were equally stubborn on some points but if she could just get him to
conceivable physical detail of their encounter at the pool, despite the originals that vanished with Moriarty, or are bagged and tagged in an evidence locker somewhere. Even after four months of watching him work, John still struggles to understand how — in the middle of five minutes of high-tension fencing with a lunatic — Sherlock could have registered enough of the stitching to have tracked down the bloody
John has never seen an Entanglement in any shade other than unearthly red. Just
Sherlock and I didn't stop arguing the ethics of human experimentation on our way home from Dartmoor. Burnt umber intransigence in the Land Rover. Stony discretion in the train. Intermittent flares of gray and ochre, around other people's attention, from the station to the cab; quiet, in the cab, and picking up again from the street door to the landing at 221B. I started for the upper stairs to my room, shaking my head, only to be stilled when Sherlock crowded me against the kitchen door.
John's cheeks puffed out in a reluctant sigh; he finally sat up and reached for the phone. She tried to rest easy and neutral in the bed beside him as he stared at the glow of the screen in his lap; tried not to hold her breath as something other than resentment struggled to break through his stony expression.
Sherlock shakes his head, at a loss for half a second — he
"Right. Well. Sleep's done in for the night anyway," John said, shifting to swing his legs over the edge of the bed. She also started to sit up, turning to her side of the bed to keep him from seeing her relief or the nerves prickling at the back of her neck. "The chef at dim sum on Baker Street still owes him. We can get him a takeaway there."
it to him to be direct.
John sets Sherlock's pack down by the door, tosses his black jacket onto the arm of the couch and goes to the kitchen, grateful to have something to keep his hands busy while his mind still tries to sort out which of the thousand things he needs to say first. Sherlock drifts after John like a shade, lingering just at the edge of his vision.
and, even before he picks up the laptop, John is keenly aware of the heavy weight of his gun at the small of his back.
John closes his eyes, swallows, too close to the edge of his self-control. Any other time, he'd grab his jacket and bolt outside, get enough cool air to calm himself down. To check his temper. Any other time.
Moriarty has been busy in this area and not just with the Chinese acrobats.
"Stop," John ground out, strain colouring his voice like broken glass. "Both of you. I don't—"
She watched John scrubbing at his face in dark silhouette, and she wondered, not for the first time, what the telegrams and speech would have been like if weird, wonderful Sherlock, and not dutiful Sholto, had stood as John's best man.
John rolled over onto the pillow, threw his arm over his eyes. Gave a little shake of the head.
"All right," John says. "Fine. I realize I'm an idiot, but — Buckingham Palace? Really? How exactly were you meant to pull that one from behind my ear?"
John stood still, but his eyes flicked back and forth between the two of them. Sherlock's head came up the rest of the way, slow as a moonrise, til he was gazing at John's face. She finally saw Sherlock illuminated — that elevated state John had struggled to describe a dozen times while they were courting: the jittering eyes that gave only the barest hint of the whirring hard drive behind, ten thousand facts dancing in his mind's eye, connecting in patterns that only he could see.
exceptional, though Sherlock hasn't explained what it is about the bottom third of the door handle that distinguishes a good place from a mediocre one; for John, it's enough that the food was hot and the service low-key, the staff staying out of their way and letting them chatter and laugh in the empty restaurant unless signalled for more tea, or another visit from the steam cart.
They settle back down on opposite sides of the table, in a warmer silence, more like those they'd sometimes shared at Angelo's after the end of a case.
John tries to help him focus again, but feels less useful than the skull when Sherlock ignores him, quarreling with Lestrade until the soft chirp of Sherlock's phone pulls him off into some absent reverie, barely answering John's questions.
When the owner himself returns with the slip to sign, Sherlock curls his fingers against the tablecloth in a peculiar gesture of thanks, and accepts a folded-paper box full of fresh-baked almond biscuits in return. The man's earned such unusual bits of loyalty, from so many unusual places, John thinks, barely realizing that Sherlock is helping him into his jacket. He doesn't really remember the walk to his new home, later, just the unaccustomed taste of almonds and friendship.
— to bring the poor woman aid, bring her home safe.
He's waited this long for answers.
John's phone chirped. They both groaned.
Sherlock holds John's head, lifts his other forefinger to touch the centre of John's lip. Wills him, with gesture and gaze, to leave words and argument in abeyance for now.
He lets himself fall back on his pillow, blinking away the miasma of red dots and held breath that usually tugs him back into hopelessness, but this dream was different: he wasn't immobilised in terror. He felt — feels — fully alive, battle-tense, alert for the moment he'll be needed. He twists to sit up, scrubs hard at his face, and forces himself to really look at the crisp, peaceful room around him.
"Tell him a story? Tell him more lies?" he accused.
They will not, cannot, do not wish to release each other.
"But you want..."
, after countless hours of academic, professional, and recreational study.
"An experiment?" Dangerous for him to agree, given the argument that had lasted the whole trip back from Devon, but a plausible lie nonetheless. Providing him an out, if he wanted to take it.
A bit public, compared to the uncountable marks hidden in undergarments; a bit odd, compared to circles of blush-pink on the ring finger, or chaste sapphire lacing the palms and fingers of clasped hands, or a cerise lip-print on the cheek or neck or earlobe. Telling enough to earn them a few curious or knowing or disgusted looks, when Sherlock doesn't bother to shroud his imprint under a high collar or his scarf.
She'd left AGRA behind. Buried the past. Re-invented herself, looked for a simpler life, a quieter, kinder life. Become a nurse. Met John Watson, doctor, and discovered she did still have it in her to love. Thought she could build a future unstained. But here she was, as tangled in strings, seen and unseen, as any of Sherlock's photographs.
The physical clamour of his body drowns out the mental, and it's what he wanted before but he hates the pointless tagalong emotions that cocaine has left behind, crackling like static, sapping his will even as they spur and scatter his restless mind. He itches to get up and move again, at the same time he aches to close his eyes.
Sherlock watches John's face — stoic, stony, as it always is when he means to hide his feelings, though confusion and worry and a jumble of less definable things escape into the mobile skin around his eyes. Aware of how far they've shifted, but trying to step back to neutral territory, keeping it formal, medical: that firm, practical line to his mouth. And yes, the request is only sensible.
John closed his eyes, covered them with his hand so only the working of his throat suggested he might be close to tears. When Mary glanced down, Sherlock's face was turned aside, toward the fireplace, eyes pinched shut but lashes damp, and the fine lines around his mouth suggested some hopeless, silent pain.
"The sort I shouldn't be asking aloud. But I don't
"No sugar."
He's going back for a second mouthful when he's startled into glancing up by the quiet clink of Sherlock's fork against the table.
Mary tugged gently at Sherlock's hand. "He needs you, too, Sherlock Holmes. Don't you dare leave him again. That's what got us all in this ruddy mess in the first place."
For just a moment John
“The mistletoe and what it…
“Sherlock,” John sighed, “would I have bought a dog for you, someone who lives in the same flat as I do, if I didn’t want it?”
An uncertain expression rippled over Greg’s face and Sherlock dropped his head to John’s shoulder with a grumpy, disappointed sigh, causing a ripple of frustration to crumple Greg’s brow, “Oh yes, like it’s just that easy!”
?” John licked a patch on Sherlock's shoulder. “Is that the spot?”
my type. Got a lovely arse on you too, while we’re on the subject,” John teased lightly with a small, brief smile, hoping his relaxed posture and spreading hands would calm Greg down. Put him more at ease with the idea. Just the idea. At least for now. “And you deserve sexual fulfilment as much as anyone. And I think between the two of us--” He motioned at Sherlock then himself. “--We can keep you satisfied. - Plus, you and I can gang up on Sherlock—”
“Sounds like a plan,” John said with a nod, glancing at the couple in something that resembled an apology, but Sherlock knew it wasn’t. He hated their forwardness as much as Sherlock had.
“That doesn’t mean anything. He talks about me anyway. We live together, work together,” Sherlock said as he followed. “What else would he talk about? The weather?”
“Yeah? Like what?” Greg inquired, his gaze unable to prevent the pull of curiosity and building passion when Sherlock gasped out a loud, chocked groan, head tipping back to display the line of his straining neck. Greg looked. Looked at it all. “
the comment I was hoping to hear,” he got out between gasping breaths, “but it’s so very
fat,” Sherlock dismissed with a small hand wave of annoyance.
"No fighting now," Mrs Hudson said as she helped herself to some of the brandy butter.
Pouting, Sherlock rolled his eyes and defensively, shyly, bent his arms down to try and hide his face in his elbow, “This was
going to happen, Sherlock," John said, running his fingertips over the heart line.
I am flattered by that.”
Crouching, Sherlock took Orion’s head in his hands, smoothing the side of his soft, fluffy, furry face with his thumbs, smirking when he was given a shower of licks and excited, loving snuffles in response, “I’ll be able to catch you,” he put out there with an arched eyebrow. “I’m
Sherlock stared at him, captivated by every movement, every pore, every thread of colour in his irises, “Lunch…” he echoed, hardly able to concentrate with John so close to him.
John shifted, desperate for some friction and Sherlock hissed in sensitivity. John’s hand, still resting against Sherlock’s back, shifted to between them, “Fuck. Sorry, I need… Sherlock, please…”
say you were ‘married to your work’?”
“You were shot. With a
together because we have the foundation of a friendship. Which is what you and your friend have too.”
“Hm...Depends on the situation,” Sherlock replied and dropped his gaze, pushing off the wall. “For
in the women I was dating, I was...” Sheepishly he cringed at what he was about to admit to. “I was fine, they were fine, and things were good, and then when I slept with them... I realised that I didn't really
“...No,” Sherlock replied and brought her into the kitchen with him, putting her on the table to caress her tucked up wings and down her long legs. “I don’t
John knew he was rather blessed in the trousers department. His dick had been a legend in the barracks, had been the subject of wonder and ridicule, and now it was causing some bother with elf Sherlock's face, mostly that its massive size was amusingly distorting it and almost giving him a lopsided, Quasimodo quality about it. It wasn't the funniest thing he'd seen, but it was funny enough to bring his own burst of laughter, and John turned, seeing that Sherlock had followed him, and as soon as their eyes met, that small burst became an explosion, setting Sherlock off again, until they were both crying mirth, unable to stop, unable to do anything else.
“Wished you Merry Christmas... with a
John gave a short laugh, shrugging one shoulder, “When the mood takes you, sometimes you just have to do it. You must have fallen victim to it too?” At Greg’s tight, grimacing, and embarrassed smile, John let a disbelieving scoff escape him and lifted his brow. “You're telling me you've
“Only when he deserves it, I hope?” Greg smirked. “Don’t want to inflate that already bloated ego of his.”
watching him more,” she said, setting the mirror down. “And you’re letting him catch you.”
“A “thing”?”
It shattered the ambiance and broke the tension between them, and John jerked with a choking cough, beginning to laugh so hard that he had to bend at the waist and bury his face into Sherlock's chest, “
“Evidently,” Sherlock grinned with his fingers still loosely wrapped around John’s penis. “So…”
knows,” Sherlock replied through his hitching breath, crooking his fingers to signal John over, closer, and holding onto his robe when he was within touching distance. “Apart from…
“Yes, I am,” Sherlock replied, beginning to slowly, playfully, swoop the bowl back and forth in front of John’s face with an arched eyebrow. He liked playing this game with him. Liked asking for his phone or a pen, when it was right next to him. Liked knowing John would end up getting them for him anyway.
Sherlock blinked, startled, and then bit down on the blossoming grin, heart picking up the pace, skin heating, hair standing on end in anticipation, “It couldn’t hurt to try?” He felt John smile against his cheek as he pulled away a little, just enough to face him properly, and their noses bumped against each other before he licked his lips and kissed him once more. It was slow and simple, a brush of highly sensitive lips, skin warm and swiftly tingling. “It worked.” In the inches between them, he felt the puff of lovely responding laughter against his face.
, and if... if something changed or went wrong or... if certain things ended up not being anything at
“I did it wrong. I was
“Just want to
“Yes,” Sherlock replied, flashing a shaky, ghost of a smile. “I love dogs.”
“Passionate about what?” Sherlock asked with a frown, extending his hand, palm up in silent demand.
“Oh don’t be so
“Well, I suppose so, yes. I mean, it seemed like you were...
… tell me what… what else you want?”
“What?
, but I'm very happy with our arrangement. However, I do sometimes miss the romance. The dating and the wooing. He's not really one for romance, he just likes it up him,” he murmured, glancing aside when Sherlock gasped in mocking scandal, yet did nothing to object to the statement, “As to someone joining in... it would depend on the person. We'd
"I think you just want some attention," John told him, finding teasing Sherlock a little too addicting. "I think you hated that I went out. Thought I hadn't told you - when I had, by the way - and so you pulled this--" He poked him more. In his stomach, his neck, his elbows, his waist, his hips. Until Sherlock, squirming, snatched hold of his wrists.
,” Sherlock told him and fiddled with his cards.
no one), but all the paperwork would be nothing more than ashes, that broken chair of his would have melted, and he would have been able to replace all those ‘air conditioners’ that just didn’t work. And maybe he’d be able to get home at a decent hour too, though considering there had been a fire, he would probably have spent even
He was looming, looking strong and self-assured, his calm demeanour only adding to the lustful image. Greg tightened the cuff with a deft movement and John's mouth watered at the sound Sherlock emitted in reply, blinded by the influx of various options that were presenting themselves from the addition of the equipment.
protecting. I don’t care what people think about me
Leaning closer, Greg tilted his head, “Nipples?
"You'll be
"Looks like someone got a special
easy to read, if things are that simply deduced.” Going up on his elbow, Sherlock regarded him with sweeping, gentle, sweetly hazy eyes and smiled one of his rare small, happy smiles. John liked them. They were one of the best smiles. “As you know, I’m not a very sexual person. Beyond, um,
Sherlock dug his heels in, not wanting to approach any further, and stared at the floor, at the puppy’s paws, as Judith gave sigh of glee, “I’m
Sherlock pushed a quick, small, but rather tender kiss to John’s ear and sat back, finally beginning to actually rub the lotion, or oil, into his skin with kneading, digging, pressing fingers. It hurt. Hurt in the best possible way. John hadn't had a massage since his last physiotherapy session, hadn't the money or the inclination to seek it out again, though he knew he needed it. Had been told to try and keep up some sort of muscle treatment. “Tell me if I hurt you…”
can eat too. I doubt you've eaten anything today, have you?”
“No, it...it’s fine that you did,” Sherlock told him, feeling his eyes well with a burn of tears. He felt pathetic and small and vulnerable. Felt young once more. Recalling with clarity how he’d wailed against his brother’s chest. “It was years ago. 29 years to be exact.”
Sherlock’s entire face went pink in an instant, patches reddening further on the arch of his cheeks, “
"We're both very stubborn," John said. "There are bound to be fights."
?” he mumbled defensively.
“Yes, yes. Don’t have to rush me. I only need my shoes and coat,” Sherlock muttered stalling only for a moment on the landing, before pushing into the living room and putting down the paper hats, jokes, and the fish, staring at the dog photo that was still out on display.
"Yes please," John said as he slowly pulled him closer. Orion, who had looked up at his name, was now looking at Sherlock with open curiosity and a hint of nerves, nose snuffling and searching.
“I am
matter--” Sherlock made a noise of taunting disbelief from his hideaway and Greg’s smile turned down into a purse of frustration, brow following suit in a deep crumple. “
“And years of lurking in morgues may have helped with that too, I'd imagine?” John teased, giving Sherlock's legs a small pinch in jest, groaning when Sherlock focussed on a particularly nasty knot. “Oh
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow, “In
, okay?”
John charged out onto the road, looking for a taxi, or some way of avoiding this conversation, "I didn't say... it's nothing. It's
,” John said a little bit too shrill and a little bit too rapid to be believed. He sighed, rubbed at his brow and grimaced, lifting a hand in submission, giving in while he still had some remaining dignity. Dignity he knew he was going to lose the moment he showed the underwear. “It's just –
reason," John smirked, waving the stick for Orion to chase and jump at.
. About everything and something and nothing.”
Nodding quickly, still tightly smiling, Sherlock gestured for John to go, “Of course. I’ll… I’ll do that. Yes.”
. - And no, you
Sherlock paused for a second and exhaled against the back of John’s head in mirth, digging his knuckles in steadily, lips skimming the edge of his ear, “I assumed it would have that kind of effect on you, yes. It's fine. I'm... enjoying this too, John. I'm sure it hasn't escaped your notice--”
“Will do, Mrs Hudson,” John said.
Greg raised his hands and stepped out of the way, "Have a good night!"
this song,” he hissed between his gritted, teeth, shooting a hot glare up at the speakers. John gasped in mock shock and grinned up at him. “Shut up.”
! - Fucking
area.”
“It’s personal,” she replied, quickly stuffing the instructions away. “Now, why don’t you call that taxi? They’re sure to be expensive today.”
, if you ever feel like this again, just tell me.”
But then he'd had Fiona, and for a while he'd been able to stand it, at least a little. She'd broken things off after two dates, four days ago.
Sherlock grabbed his elbow, turning him around before John could shrug him off, “Wait,” he breathed, looking at John and walking around him when John tried to turn away. Sherlock kept stepping into his line of sight until the man just ended up grabbing John’s arms. “You...talked to him about me, didn’t you? You’re angry because you told him things in confidence, about me, and you’re peeved you think he’s ‘prying’ into
, are like this, John--”
“Are you trying to tell me that you love me?” Sherlock breathed with a short laugh and a dazzling, if unsure and wonky, grin. He lifted his eyebrows and leaned closer still, bumping their noses together. “Because I already knew that, John. I already knew and, yes,
that way. - She didn't do nearly enough, don't get me wrong, but she did do
Putting his bag down on his chair in passing, John walked to the centre of the room and stood on his tiptoes, trying to reach up and unhook the mistletoe from its place, but his shoulder twinged unpleasantly and no matter how hard he tried, how much he stretched, he wasn't able to reach.
There were more at the bottom, of course. Needle drivers, suction tubes, one specula, surgical scissors, retractors, tongs, several test tubes, pipettes, forceps, and a handful of watch glasses. All of which needed washing. All of which had been lingering in the bottom of their wash basin for far longer than they should have been lingering, far before the bowls, plates, mugs, spoons, forks, knives and pans that had been dumped atop of them. John sighed through is nose, hardly surprised but still a bit miffed at the number of things that Sherlock could have washed days ago, and got to work on them, shifting his weight from side to side to the still churning song that filled his mind, that somehow took hold of his hips for a slightly out of rhythm, shimmying sway. It made things a bit better. Took the mindless boredom of the washing up and eased the tension in his arms, brightened his mood, keeping it from dipping too low.
… like this morning,” he whispered, his cock aching, hands longing to take Sherlock to the peak and back, but he didn't, he merely ran a hand up and down Sherlock's belly, carding his nails through the small smattering of dark hair that lead to his navel. John sympathised with Sherlock. He had seemingly never experienced these sensations and he was drowning, reaching out for John to be his life-raft, putting himself entirely in John's hands. "Want to... be with... be with you. See you, watch you,
Sherlock stirred, still half asleep, as John wet his lips with a tiny rippling splash of water and then moaned, gulping down several large, gasping, messy mouthfuls, “Careful!” John reprimanded as he coughed and put the glass aside, lowering him back to the pillows. “I'll warn you now, he's a cuddler, a starfish, and the hottest person I've ever known. It's like being in bed with a combi-boiler.”
. Bendy in places I didn't know the body could bend.”
“I can open it in a minute,” she replied, glancing at his hand with a hopeful look.
socks, Mrs Hudson?” Sherlock complained as he picked one of them up, squeezing it between his palms and shooting her an annoyed, narrowed look. “They better not be
John made a small affirmative noise, lost within a shuddering breath as Sherlock tilted and dropped his hips minutely and their lengths slid against each other with more purpose. John’s mind clouded with arousal faster than he thought possible, faster than it had for a long time, and the clutching dread, and panic and embarrassed that came with having your erect penis brushed against by your best friend’s equally erect penis, was overthrown with a dizzying desire that shot up his spine. John knew he was going to have to address what was happening, and what was ultimately going to happen, at a later date, but couldn’t for the life of him care.
, okay? I heard it from some carollers on the way home and it must have got lodged in my brain. It's a classic! Catchy. Makes me nostalgic...” Frowning at the positively horrified expression on Sherlock's face, John shifted his footing and cocked his head, lifting his brow in question. "What?"
“The smell… us, together. I like it.”
Cursing his rubbish luck, John panicked and tried desperately to come up with an excuse, tried to figure out what he could say that would put Sherlock off or satisfy him, however his brain wasn't working, couldn't fully comprehend the enormity of the situation and how vital it was for him to say something profound, “I, uh, I have an erection and it's a bit, you know,
?” Sherlock asked, trying to sound casual despite his clenched jaw and pinched mouth.
to be immature,” John replied. "And it's about time I was. You normally do enough childish things for the both of us."
“I think the organised criminals are taking a bit of a break,” Greg replied. Of course, that didn’t mean the everyday thugs and graffitist and such were hiding.
"We need your statements, Sherlock," Greg sighed, walking past the office stalls in the pit, clearly determined to get to the coffee machine considering how deep those circles were under his eyes. "The sooner you do it, the sooner everyone can go home."
of us refused…”
John gave his fingers a squeeze and led the way into the building. The reception area was an almost clinical room that reminded Sherlock too much of a hospital, though the pervasive smell of animal food and hair was plenty enough to sway those thoughts. A man was stood behind the desk, clearly still in the process of opening up, but he looked over when he heard the door. He gave them a fake smile as they approached, eyes more on Sherlock than John.
“And yet here you are,” the Inspector muttered, tipping everything onto a plate and sticking it in the microwave.
John chuckled, “That’s not how presents work.”
uncomfortable when it comes to Mrs Hudson’s assumptions about us. Actually,
“Alright, calm down! It's just a song. One stuck in my head, yeah, but not one I've continually sang aloud—"
...” He stopped talking and John saw him narrow his eyes, gesturing to the Inspector. “Move!”
Sherlock avoided eye contact then and clenched his jaw, “I don’t
John snorted and then nudged Sherlock making him sway slightly, “Yes but I was quickly accosted by our mad landlady who was determined to make us kiss under the mistletoe. Not how I imagined our first kiss would be, I can tell you
“Anderson and Donovan have this –
gripes of things you have done. Things that will be more important, and dramatic, than a few lousy Christmas pressies.” John told him, slapping gently at Sherlock's sides, “Now, let me go. I have to go and see if Mrs Hudson wants to come. I bet she'll be up for having a wander. I'm sure she'll be quite a lot more excited to go than you ever would.”
!” John groaned and made it a few steps further, just at the edge of the coffee table, shins just barely skimming the side, catching on a dangling drape of crimson ribbon. There was more to it. There was more to everything. How could Sherlock think it was so simple? Was that what it was to him? Did he not understand? “
want to do it,” Sherlock intoned and threw the cards down on his armrest, standing up. “If you’re
would be… that you would think it was good of me to do this. To save her.”
Prodding Sherlock's side, John sighed, "Just because I sang a song you didn't like? And sang it a bit poorly?" he asked, prodding again and again and again, deftly switching which side he aimed, enjoying how Sherlock twisted. "
idea,” Sherlock retorted in defence as he shuffled off to the side, flexing his own legs and surging up to his feet, smoothing the kinks from his trousers, shirt and jacket.
!—Yes—
John looked down at his paper, a nutritional diet it looked like, “Do you remember the case of the missing diadem?” he asked. “The family dog had just had pups. You kept looking at them every time Mrs Deasey looked away.”
. If you want me to trust that your feelings will… will remain the same, then you need to trust
“Not everyone likes or celebrates this stupid holiday, John,” Sherlock muttered.
!—Does it matter that I’m a virgin?”
– take it from
did this come from?”
“He’s not
Sherlock arched one eyebrow at the comment, taking John deeper and holding, revealing, swallowing, then he wetly pulled back off with a sigh and a shudder, “I could do that for you… if you... wanted. If you asked...”
Alone, Sherlock leaned back and let the smile fall from his face, taking deep, slow breaths, and gripping at his own knees. He was overwhelmed by it all. By the shift, the change, in their relationship, their life, and he was abruptly incapable of stopping himself from shaking as he thought about how bad it could get, how he might lose John if he did something wrong, something that put him off. Surely there was only so much John could take and deal with? When would his patience run out? When would he give up, realise what he felt was gone, and leave? Some part of Sherlock knew this wouldn’t happen, yet there was still a piece, a sharp poking piece, that reminded him of the differences between them, of his past experiences, of the person that had come before. He had once thought of someone as a friend, had enjoyed their company, formed a solid relationship, and yet they had drifted apart. He didn’t have many friends, not like John, never had, if he lost John, he’d be alone once again.
At the start of their strange agreement, John had frequently pulled out to allow Sherlock the time and rest needed from his often intensely shattering orgasms, but had quickly found out that Sherlock wanted John to stay inside him. Liked the thought of being pushed past that sensitivity line until his nerves burned and his body ached. He also rather longingly wanted to experience the feeling of John reaching completion inside him, feeling the throbbing, twitching, hard length of him as he spilled inside the condom. Therefore now, now, John simply followed his instinctual nature. The instinct which was currently telling him to go harder, faster. To give into the need to gasp out loud and cry out Sherlock's name. So he did. He quickened up, he groaned, he panted, he hissed through his teeth, and he scrabbled for Sherlock's hand, grasping, squeezing and knitting their fingers together as he reached his peak. Cried out coarsely as he felt the bright flame inside him explode and came hard with a choked off gasp and a shivering snap of his hips, pushing deep and spilling in thick, hard pulses. Body shaking with the intensity of each spurt.
He found that, regardless of his elevated heart rate at the abruptly childish attack by Sherlock in the hopes of rattling him, it was probably the only opportunity John would get to bring the subject up to someone else. To get an outside confidant. It had been a secret, kept solely for them and no one else far too long already. For many reasons. One of which centred on the fact John found it hard to bring private matters up with others and share intimate details. He could barely achieve it with his therapist, let alone mates. Yet with the remaining buzz of champagne from the renewal still fizzing through his system and the subject already opened by a pettish Sherlock, he found the confidence to take several steps forward.
Promptly realising he was in fact very dizzy, was still holding that first breath, Sherlock exhaled in a rush, “Breathing...is boring,” he uttered between gasping inhalations. Did everyone feel this way? Was this what it was like for others? The fear, the want, the aching chest and spinning mind?
“I know,” John sighed, wishing he could stop the demons that riddled Sherlock's tormented mind. “You'll feel better in the morning. And when you feel terrible again, I'll be right here.” He held Sherlock closer, basking in the warmth of their embrace, until his cock began to soften. With a careful hand, John pinched the base and pulled out, quickly disposing of the condom in the bedroom bin. John gave himself and Sherlock a quick rubdown with the tissues, just to rid them of the worst of their sweat, and grabbed for the large plush duvet which lay beneath them, easing it off the bed only to return to Sherlock's side and pull it over them. John then opened his arms for Sherlock to shuffle into, head was resting on John's chest, and craned down to press a kiss to Sherlock's forehead. “That thing you wanted to ask me. You can you know... whenever you want. I've thought about it a lot too and wanted it for a while. Feeling you
"Somewhat."
a basket?” John smirked.
to make you feel good. Like seeing that pretty pink across your chest...” He reached up to stroke across Sherlock's clavicle with his thumb as he spoke and shot an eager grin up along the stretch of his slender body. "Like quite a lot, actually."
Rolling down the hem of John's pants, Sherlock hummed with eager intentions, and John felt his heart jump into his throat as he looked back, "Don't look so alarmed."
“Yes sir,” John said, and placed a kiss to Sherlock’s neck before he moved away to make the sauce, leaving a scorching brand that made Sherlock’s core quiver.
“Make friends with the poodle, they’re very smart,” Sherlock whispered into one flickering ear and loosened the slip lead, keeping hold of Orion for a moment or two to check the park again. There wasn’t any aggressive or dangerous animals, and the owners seemed mild mannered from what he could see. There were no vein popping, spit flying shouts, only whistles, clicks, and laughter. Sherlock shifted Orion, gave him a secret nuzzle, and then let him go, stroking a hand down his back.
"And now he has the
ties.”
demanding.”
Growling out a sigh, John took his shoes, coat, scarf and gloves with him as he ascended, annoyed at how they dripped, but determined to dry them out near the fireplace or on the radiators, instead of leaving them to fester in the cold entranceway and grow musty. He went through the kitchen first, to cut down on sodden rugs for his future self and to prevent a tutting Mrs Hudson, and wringed out the fabrics over the bath, glaring at the thunderous patter of thick, copious, frigid droplets as they came. He needed a new coat. He needed a new everything really. John knew that his things were becoming tattered and thin from being overly worn, knew he really should have more than one reliable coat, but he was frugal and forgot, frequently, that London could be a tad cold when it wanted to, even with all the insulating buildings. Wafting the coat of the remaining droplets, or as much of the remaining droplets that John could see, he brought everything back through to the kitchen, then towards the living room.
“Yes.
When John's index finger finally pressed in, Sherlock was a hot, shaking, panting mess, hands curled around John’s forearm to follow the movement, to feel the tendons and muscles working under the skin, “
it is for a woman of a certain age in the mean world of
“I know,” John replied, “I promise I won't always be... like
“Oh she’s fine!” Sherlock called out as he started banging around in the kitchen and the bathroom, or what John assumed was the bathroom. “I've given it to her before. Many times. Think of it akin to her ‘herbal soothers.’ Just want her to relax.”
“That doesn’t make it any less painful sometimes,” John said, his fingertips brushing at his scalp.
“Nothing is ever boring when it’s to do with Sherlock,” Greg breathed with a wide grin, tipping onto his back with one arm curling up above his head to clutch softly at the edges of the pillow he was sinking into. “Good night, John. Thanks for this. For talking to me and letting me stay and… inviting me in.”
Sherlock raised his head, his eyes drowsy with emotion, heavy-lidded and dark, “John, I like it.”
“I didn’t say I’d help,” Sherlock said when she’d left, reaching for another mince pie and trying to push down on the odd feeling that was building through his body. It made his skin tingle, the hairs on his nape stand on end, his skin prickle with heat, and his heart skip a beat. Was there something there? It was difficult to pinpoint.
reactive. In
“I find you relatively attractive,” Sherlock murmured in answer with a flippant tone, eyeing a gawking, and vaguely offended, Greg up and down with a gaze John already knew far too well. “If I agree, could you
“You have
interested, then fine--”
“Nothing’s impossible,” John said raising his chin so their noses touched. “Just… highly improbable.”
—He’s going to
John grabbed clumsily for it, drenching his fingers, “
Sherlock huffed and crossed his legs, taking a large gulp of coffee and looking aside, “It’s
With a sigh, he opened the fridge again and pulled out the milk to make some coffee for the two of them and turned the microwave off. A few minutes later he was carrying two mugs into the living room. “Here.”
,” John said in a rush before clearing his throat, mentally berating himself for making such a tit of himself so soon. For having the first words out of his mouth be a mild compliment to the very light, very small kiss that he had really just blown his mind. “I mean… it was... better than the first one—Wait, that’s not… the first one was
“But then you wouldn’t be this curious, would you,” Greg replied, and headed into the kitchen to finish reheating his late dinner. “I can tell you this though; on pub nights? You’re
tongue recipe. The one I saw you looking at this morning - God, what's up with you?” John grumbled. “You've been in a snit since I got home!”
“Oh yes. She’d
It was Christmas morning. Sherlock knew this because John had told him so the night before, having headed upstairs saying something about Christmas and a ‘Grinch’, whatever that was. There was a tree in the living room as well, a small one sat on the table, and gaudy tinsel and red hats trimmed with white ‘fur’ were draped over the skulls. John had even received a few pointless cards from his co-workers, though Sherlock could only barely stand their presence on the mantel.
Sherlock pursed his lips, folded his arms, crossed his legs and let out a long exhale, “
stepping in on what we have. The both of us. So that includes you. I said before we both have to agree, and I stick to that. It would be weird and downright dangerous if we just went with whoever we wanted without any kind of—”
“We’re going home, Orion,” John told the pup, leaning down to rub his head. “We’re taking you
John looked at him, really looked, and let himself wonder. He wouldn’t kick him out of bed. Wouldn’t say no. Clearing his throat, keenly aware of the space between them, of Sherlock's observing, knowing eyes flitting back and forth, and of Greg intense look of intrigue, John pushed himself to continue, keeping his tone light and twisting it into something flirtatiously playful. Testing the waters. For both himself and Greg.
“John, I was
to you too, welcome home,” Sherlock murmured and frowned at him, head cocking to one side, eyes instantly narrowed in a millisecond on him. John felt himself deflate in defeat, felt a wince pull at his face, hand automatically going tightly around the underwear, but Sherlock only reached for his cheek, rubbing his thumb roughly into one specific area. “Lipstick…”
.” Orion barked and yipped and hoped around them as they headed outside, looking and sniffing at the open air.
falling for—"
The air was humid and thick around them, filled with unspoken words and rising anticipation, and John felt the tension grow, felt it crawl up his spine as time ticked by agonisingly slowly. Heat gathered between them, drying and warming their legs carrying the musk of arousal upward, cloying and thick in their mouths.
John chuckled into the fabric, faintly delirious with pleasure, “Yeah, that happens.”
Shrugging it off, John put the water to one side, holding out the flannel to be taken, “Fine, yeah,” he reassured, feeling a jolting flutter of butterflies at the semi-lie.
“Then let me help,” John said, leaning into the touch.
John’s intimate company was a welcome reprieve, even if it sent his heart hammering, and he tipped back into him, “Do you...think he has any concept of what is going to happen today?” he asked fruitlessly, obtusely.
. He loves
Slipping his hand down, stroking first at the chair leather, John reached to carefully push his fingers into the silky strands of his hair, “I'll probably go for a shower first though, so you'll have to order,” he murmured, unsure why he wanted to touch him. Was it to calm him? Calm them both? Give him the attention he so obviously craved? To give John himself what it was that he craved? "Always best when you do it because they add a little extra."
Listening to her gentle footsteps as she left, Sherlock sighed, grateful to her beyond words, and let his eyes fall closed to focus more on sensation, on smell, on the sound of John’s breathing. He had been happy several times in his life, for different reasons, brought on by different events, different people, and he recalled them all in that moment, remembering and comparing and submerging in the memories of his family, his beloved dog, his first human friend, his first proper case, meeting Mrs Hudson, and finally, being introduced to John. If he believed, at all, in soulmates, he was sure John could be his. No one else had come as close as he had to making his life complete.
appealing, then. Happy?” John exclaimed and gesturing with one hand as he turned to look away in embarrassment and a stab of emotion. “Christ. This is…difficult.”
“I was bored.”
“Well, I wasn’t sure which type of ribbon would create the best affect--”
“It’s been two weeks and four days since my last case. Is there nothing?” Sherlock asked him with a frown, feigning ignorance. “I’m at my wit’s end. - My website, my email, are full of morons with lost pets or deceiving partners. Tedious little things that would be over in an instant if they just
you in my mouth."
been trying for a bit now and it's only got worse the closer to Christmas we get. I have bought for everyone I've wanted to buy for, except
turkey! Are you really so
Sherlock tried not to feel dejected and forced a smile, “Right. Yes—Perhaps a new laptop?”
John shrugged, looking a little more uncomfortable, his shoulders straighter, his fingers tighter, “I thought it would be a good idea.”
Sherlock leaned down to him and gave his jumper a tug, smoothing his hands down to gather up the hem, “Not precisely unwrapping you, of course,” he murmured, as if John hadn’t said a thing, “but we
"I don't have
do, it's what
John has been surprised more than once since they first met by Sherlock's strength and stamina; he should have known that there was more substance beneath the clothes than his carefully-crafted silhouette suggests. An unexpected flutter of fascination hinders his breathing; Sherlock's frame is starkly beautiful, if underfed at the moment, the muscle lean and defined against his lanky bones.
John's shoulders sagged, like he'd lost the bluster sustaining him. "I chose you. I chose both of you. And I thought you chose me, as well."
She drew in a breath.
But Mousie, thou art no thy lane,
Mary bit her lip, thinking about John, bitterly tangled up in all their dishonesty. Would her past self had chosen differently, come clean with John early in realizing how deeply she'd fallen for him, if she'd known about the heartbreaking lie Sherlock had still been acting out at the time? And the lies the rest of John's world had told him on Sherlock's behalf? Could she have?
The breathless tirade continued: "Now set the teeth and stretch the nostril wide, hold hard the breath and bend up every spirit to his full height..."
His response was a fine example of the almighty frown I had seen more and more, of late — the silent one that said I'd done something utterly inexplicable to him, and he was holding back from snapping something caustic or dismissive while he tried to unearth the hidden logic to my behaviour.
in a way that's exacerbated by Jim's embarrassingly put-on clumsiness, the clang of an emesis basin on the floor.
"I am Mary Morstan." Sherlock's lip twitched upward angrily, hand tensing on the gun, and she lifted her hands higher, truly beginning to fear his fraying control. "But that isn't my given name. Mary Morstan was born four years ago. And she died at birth almost forty years before that."
"No, okay, you do. I've just—" John knows better than to finish that thought; bites back any intimation that Sherlock might be feeling anything at all, let alone fear. He picks up the bottle of water and holds it out. "Look, drink this and have a seat so I can look you over, will you?"
the rub. When Sherlock's in the middle of solving things, he
He sighs harshly, settling into a low slump in his chair, rubbing fingers across his forehead. At least the room is mercifully dim; the curtains have been pulled closed over the chipboard in the blown-out windows.
She nodded.
"Whatever he said about grooming you, remember the object of his game this time was messing with your head. All our heads, but yours in particular. He cut you off from your friends so you'd only have
Paint samples. Glass. Clues he knew John wouldn't follow. Sherlock had shut away anything John might have recognised, if he'd stumbled across them elsewhere in the flat: the webbed harness that held the explosives, the trigger wires, the
"And if I don't?"
She knew immediately, with the eyes of a nurse and those of her darker days, what she would see if she were to push up that sleeve.
Alerted by the sound of wood-on-wood, John opens the door before Sherlock can reach it, but he stands firmly athwart the brightly-lit entry, arms folding across his chest. Registering his objection, because he's hopeless that way.
She meant
"Pass me my phone."
"Sherlock?" Light fingertips touch Sherlock's unmarked shoulder, and he shudders. John (still fully dressed, sweating again,
The bullet passed inches in front of her nose, plowing itself into the kitchen floor beyond her at a shallow angle. The beakers and flasks on the central table rang. The sound of the shot echoed throughout the building, the neighborhood.
Yet Sherlock's eyes are so bleak when he looks up that everything in John freezes; his voice is so quiet: "I was trying to be your friend, John. But it all went wrong."
"When did you last eat?" John asks, worried but detached, fingertips smoothing more cream over a diamond of welts below his shoulder blade.
"Just a few minutes," John insists, crumbling the tentative connections. Sherlock's lip jerks into a snarl, but the doctor's eyes are calm, stern, matter-of-fact; he pulls the chair a few inches farther from the bed. Watches and waits.
), and she cautiously eased out around the doorframe, watching Sherlock: flushed with adrenaline, eyes fixed on her over the barrel of the gun, his free hand stretched toward the other doorway, holding John just out of her line-of-sight.
He presses his temple against the bare skin of Sherlock's neck, feels the pulse racing there. Comforting. He's struck by the thought he hasn't been this close to another human being since...since the brief embrace by Molly at the station, really.
"Mary? Sherlock!"
Sherlock hasn't even tried, hasn't undressed or gone near the quaint little bed in his quaint little room at the inn — he sits near the window, staring into the dark. Over and over again, his fingertips trace the faint grey bond-imprint crossing his jugular to the nadir of its former arc, just above his suprasternal notch. The point where the windpipe is most vulnerable, when self-defence is necessary. The concavity he loves for John to touch, if he's feeling sensuous. The hollow where fear and doubt reside, if he's feeling poetic. Certainly where he'd felt those emotions yesterday, cold against the warmth of the common room fire.
, or a quiet scoff, or perhaps even
For a split second, something painful tries to twist free of the flat, hard line of Sherlock's mouth, before he lashes it down again.
Sherlock's nostrils flare. "Does it not matter, if they weren't very nice people?"
He floats in sensation, he sinks in exhaustion. He is warm. Protected. The pain encircles him, buffets him, lifts him out of time and causality, loosens muscle from muscle and bone from bone...
"Shuu—" he said, but cut himself off.
, the one practically screaming
Not that he needs their help to know that things are almost over between he and Sarah. Her tightening Entanglement shows her soulmate is getting closer, and though her kindness and humour have eased his loneliness, he's not about to stand in their way.
The forces permeating the earth always
He can't help a faint smile at the bittersweet irony of having to explain a situation for Sherlock — that and the rightness of his friend's disdainful sniff and familiar
. But no, his face didn't reflect the smug glow he got when he knew something I figured he'd deleted if he ever knew. A tense honesty, then; and I could taste pale hazel and lingering blue in the back of my throat.
Sherlock gives John a side-eyed once-over, and says, "ah, yes."
look after myself!"
at him. See how he looks at you. Compare how he looks at me."
John saw. John sees. John sees too much.
"I know we'll come up with something because you and I always do when we're together. What was it you said about me? I'm a lens for your brilliance?" And yes, he'd been offended at the time, but he's had almost three years to think about what Sherlock had
Sherlock pivots away, raking hands into his hair.
The all-too-knowing stranger reaches for his hand; John pulls it back, trying to keep the threat from collapsing into a fist, warns "
For promis'd joy!
"Stop it," John said. She hesitated, opening her eyes but unable to look directly at him, and he closed the distance between them and brought his heels together with a little tap.
this — touch, affection — but everything is changing, again, and they hold each other up, holding on tight as if they never plan to let go. The warm, living body in John's arms — raspy breathing, bony ribcage, foreign smells and all — finally convinces his battered heart that Sherlock is
John leans forward, holding the eye contact. Feels how vitally important it is to pour the sincerity of his own voice into Sherlock's head, to do the only thing he can at the moment to begin countering three solitary years of Moriarty's poison and Sherlock's own doubt.
Moriarty whispers down the back of his neck.
In formless space, he huddles, he cringes, he has no control. He
He switches the kettle on and reaches up to pull two mugs from the cabinet. It's only when he sets them on the counter John realizes he's snagged them, automatically, with his right hand. His left isn't shaking anymore but the rest of him wants to and he braces rigidly against the lip of the counter with both hands, jaw working against the resurgent hot fury burning up from the pit in his chest. Nearly impossible to contain now he's not looking Sherlock in the eye.
Mary felt battle-calm wash over her, her own form of adrenaline rush, her awareness of every potential weapon in the kitchen but this wasn't — she couldn't.
"But we both know that's not quite true?"
One day. She'd had one precious day to see them working a case together, see Sherlock's magic in action, and John just as bold and brilliant beside him, always right where he was needed. Then they'd vanished together into a clandestine Underground station, solved the crime, saved Parliament, and come back to the surface impenetrably separate.
, and he still failed to catch the little tells that Sherlock was hiding things from him.
It's only when he walks past yet another ringing phone, eyes on the road for a taxi, that it occurs to him he saw no glare of red near Sherlock's hands. A moment of dull curiosity — but he pushes it aside in the face of knowing the Entanglement was probably there, just faint, and he hadn't seen it because he
John lopes up the staircase, still shaken by the destruction on the street outside: his second sight can't tell him a damn thing about Sherlock's presence or absence or state of health, and worry and guilt nip at the heels of borderline panic. There's
"Go and take a Solpadeine."
Sherlock had not had an answer about the bonfire that sixth of November; instead, she'd seen the first reluctant thawing of John's anger, as he got drawn into the beginnings of the Underground terrorist case that had been too important to walk away from, that had started off so promisingly with photos of Sherlock's "rats" on the walls, and a video of a train, and excitement in John's voice as clues, questions, and deductions bounced between them to click into place. She'd curled into the red brocade armchair, hugged a pillow to herself, and curbed her own enthusiasm and contributions — some insights might have told Sherlock too much about her, but more than anything, she wanted John to re-connect with Sherlock, remember the adrenaline-tinged teamwork he had missed. Even if he would never admit how much.
The computer makes a delighted beeping noise echoed by Sherlock's "Ah!" of excitement — and the arrival of Sherlock's overenthusiastic pathologist, the one John heard so many comments about during the Black Lotus case. She hurries around to look at Sherlock's results on the computer and John steps behind Sherlock, out of her way, blinking.
"You asked for soup," she said, holding up the take-away bag, pushing the door further open with her foot. The sitting room looked rearranged, ransacked, chaos and intrusion making her head hurt. Strange empty spaces, heaps of obsession starting on the floor and climbing up the walls on string: papers, pictures, maps…
John's lips tighten. As if there's any
of them.
He prefers to touch only on his own terms, offers his hand sharply, horizontal and tense; watches the man's long, elegant fingers wrap around his own for less than a second, measuring something known only to him. Can't help noticing he possesses a healthy Entanglement, wrapping in an easy curl around his finger and stretching out to someone not present, as clear in the dimly lit warehouse as it would be in the daylight.
But Sherlock examines John's face with shadowed eyes, before he looks away again, toward the window. John wonders if he's showing too much of what he feels, or if Sherlock is at a loss to understand what he sees. Wonders how much the past three years have changed
"That — it's never been about not trusting you, John. I thought it was about you trusting me. Except..." Sherlock shakes his head, lips parting, heart pounding; his nested array of memories (thousands of moments, their last fifteen months) perturbs wildly and then simplifies again — John's multifarious mysterious behaviours unfolding like fractal origami. "Except...you don't anymore."
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I've thought so often about this day, I gave myself three rules. Start with my apology. Shut up and listen. Don't be clever."
"No, you were being the 'you' you are with everyone
Unwittingly excluding the most important data from his decision.
, judging by the state of her knees."
Sherlock threw himself onto the couch, still in his coat, and the springs squeaked in a tired minor third; I would have wagered he could reproduce the notes for me on the violin if I asked. My own sense of pitch is relative, not perfect.
John swallows, feels his lips tighten and honestly doesn't know if the closed-off feeling in his throat is trapped tears or laughter. The throb of his pulse is fading from the spot where Sherlock gripped him, and he already wants to call that all-too-real touch back.
," Sherlock reminded me, sharp emphasis on the sibilant.
No, he doesn't like being called out at all. And anything else John might say will have to wait because Sherlock's back at his germs and pollens and whatnot and the work he's
John sighs harshly, and his hands slide away from Sherlock's back.
"But when the blast of war blows in our
Sherlock takes another drink of water, tongue chasing a stray drop across his lower lip. "The pagers the hostages were given. No leads there."
"Don't — don't speak, John." His voice sounds...
Sherlock sets John's hand over his ribcage, over his heart, closes his eyes and evens his breathing until he feels John relax against him, limbs heavy and cooling in second-stage sleep.
"Coming off — if you do — is going to be a beast."
— I thought you'd be with me! I thought I could spare you witnessing the suicide, thought I'd be back in touch with you before you even learned of it, thought we could bring him down together. I walked his tightrope but I didn't know about the assassins until the very end, there on the roof. He defeated me, he cut me off from every—"
. Oh, God. No. Her heart clenched, hard, but resumed beating. Reflex kept her surface reaction minimal (a slight flare of her nostrils, a puzzled pinch to her eyebrows) but she sent a desperate wish to the aether she had any chance of fooling Sherlock if he was really
"Too many things you've been away from too long, that's all. Taste and smell, memory and emotion," he shrugs, as if mentioning in passing facts Sherlock already thoroughly understands, but he's not sure Sherlock's ever experienced the visceral power of his sense-memories like this before.
She took a step back, right up to the threshold of the landing, pulse pounding with the abrupt flush of remembered adrenaline, ears ringing with the child's screams, her voice and Sherlock's shouting John's name. John caught his hand on the back of the chair, thighs tightening beneath his denims to keep himself upright. He'd gone from gray to stark white; for a moment she was afraid he was more likely to pass out than Sherlock.
Sherlock stretches one hand toward him, holding a tight rectangle of paper between two fingers, and the tremor is showing again, helping the ragged page uncurl from its folds.
"Bedroom. Now," John snaps, a hard no-nonsense order; Sherlock's mouth opens on a protest, brow creasing, and yet his feet move, wrist carried along in John's grip.
His hand dipped into his pocket and his knuckles shifted in a familiar pattern, fingers closing around the grip of a firearm.
"My God," she breathed; John looked up as well, frowning at first before his face lost color. Mary turned back to Sherlock. "That was him, Magnussen? It was. Why?"
"My most reliable sources tell me his work is done now. He will
John scolds him with a smile, reaches out too late to rap Sherlock's knuckles with his fork, but his eyes catch on Sherlock's pinkie. His utterly unadorned pinkie, not the faintest hint of red Entanglement anywhere near it. John had been sure he'd just missed it before, in the day's chaos, but in this quiet room, with Sherlock's hand within touching distance, ungloved and unhurried — there can be no doubt.
Sherlock, limp in his chair, watched John's back, his eyes quiet and resigned.
Dozens of good reasons to wait until morning (most of all the damnable mind-twisting drug they'd inhaled again in that damnable hollow), all of which had seemed logical four hours ago and none of which are able to stop him reaching for the doorknob.
"Your brother would beg to differ."
require the guided tour from Here to There, the way the rest of his familiar faces seemed to. Sometimes I caught up with him easily, once I saw the destination; other times it didn't matter — I trusted him to know what he was about.
"So Molly knew. Who else did you trust?"
"Stay. Please."
Then she stepped inside, knocked again on the open door, and paused to listen. Still no answer from Mrs Hudson on the ground floor, just a loud voice from above — something declamatory on the television? She stepped inside uneasily and headed up the stairs. She'd been to 221B only twice — the chill night John had disappeared and she'd come for Sherlock's help and, after they'd rescued him, the following morning when they'd returned seeking answers to who the
"He hangs about when he wants and fucks off when he doesn't." John takes another forkful of his own dinner. "I don't even know if he's a decent mouser so, yeah. Not my cat."
Still, the firmest order in the world can't stop Sherlock thinking, and tending body and mind at the same time hasn't proven impossible so long as John's on his game. He nods sharply, shifts his feet enough to let Sherlock know he's moving, reaches out to wrap Sherlock's hand around the water bottle.
Sherlock has turned his head enough that John can see his eyes, shadowed but catching again on the stacks of paper on the chest, the scattered detritus by the wardrobe: the overwhelming puzzle dragging his mind back to full speed. John's body feels heavy with sympathetic fatigue. Sherlock rarely takes proper care of his physical needs but he has to know he's diminishing his own efficiency by driving so hard.
She looked back at John. They all needed help they hadn't asked for. And if they were going to get through this at all intact, they had to help each other.
But she wasn't sure what to expect, beyond.
Abruptly, Sherlock pushes himself the rest of the way off the bed, fighting for equilibrium: scattered pieces of Moriarty (need to re-organise, re-classify everything) shift under his bare feet, but John is the one (John, unyielding brown quartzite, John and the crop) tilting the tectonic plates beneath him.
He holds Sherlock's gaze for several long moments before speaking.
"Just — stop. You two both think you can protect me by running away from me? No. Mary, you say you've been on a battlefield? Worked in a team?"
shaking; not at all. His pulse drums in the too-tight skin across his cheekbones, and adrenaline saturates his growl.
The soft noises of the lunch crowd downstairs at Speedy's carry up to John; feels like it's been an age since he came back from his run rather than a few hours. He returns to the chair, picks up
"Don't. If you'd thought about it at all while you were charging off to raid Henry's sugar jar, you could have found a way to let me know without compromising your
"Sherlock?"
Tread heavy, slept late again, trainers, sweatshirt. Regent's Park. Safe this time of day? Reasonably. But away from CCTV, on the inner circle — needs to stay on the perimeter. Doesn't need reminding. Considering a haircut, might stop at the barber's after run; unlikely but factor into estimated length of absence.
Calling out, John clears the last of the stairs and yes, it's Mycroft sitting across from Sherlock, right hand relaxed on his umbrella despite the subtle tension in his shoulders. Sherlock plucks a dissonance from his violin and lies to his brother; John exhales hard in relief but can't shake the feeling he'd abandoned his post when he stormed off last night after Sherlock's peevish spate of insults. Reassured his flatmate is uninjured, John occupies himself checking the damage to the windows while Sherlock and Mycroft shift from national security to picking apart John's lack of love life.
John swallows, disquieted. Rationalises: his body's conjuring attraction because he associates domination with desire; before this moment he's never been the slightest bit interested in another man. And sex with Sherlock is out of the question for a dozen reasons; he shakes his head, buries his response beneath the desperate hope this extremity will be enough to stop the deadly roundabout and let Sherlock sleep.
would put John in a bonfire — and so she remembered the dim staircase with the turnaround landing.
you, when he arrives in London."
"No, I will not listen and I think I've seen quite enough already."
, blinking at him from a chair on the far side of the bed.
, with innocent people as his little plastic counters, simply because he wanted to
To John's surprise, after watching Sherlock avoid food all evening long, he eats heartily now that the battle is done — to the point of stealing one of John's shrimp dumplings with his chopsticks.
Well, I'd looked. And discovered some surprising things along the way about my feelings toward him, best played close to the chest because I had Sherlock's clear word on the matter, and because not every relationship has to be about sex. Though I'd realized I wouldn't turn him down flat if he asked, either. Which had taken a bit of mental rearranging — but, then, I'd been doing a lot of that since I moved in with him.
With the slow, silent steps he once used to approach guarded enemy compounds, John moves past the refrigerator and kitchen table, watching Sherlock through different eyes: his manic pacing from fireplace to coffee table and back again, his fingers lost in the curls at the back of his head, and the dressing gown a pale echo of the swirl of his greatcoat. All the cocaine markers are there, if John had only been
"Sherlock?" Not so much as a twitch. Not retreating to the platinum precision of his 'mind palace,' then; if he were, I would have expected to see his fingers shifting, at the very least — conducting symphonies, pushing aside useless data.
"There were too many things I witnessed that you simply couldn't have arranged. Or anticipating and arranging them would have required as much cleverness as you were supposed to be faking.
And now that he knows how Sherlock uses those talents, the battle he is fighting against the serial killers and whoever this
When Sherlock wakes, John will wait for him to break the silence. He's not likely to be in any shape to talk about what they've done, at first, but sooner or later they'll have to.
But the physical realm, somewhere between emotion and logic — the touch of his fingers against my eloquent pulse, my late-in-the-day stubble; the squint of seawater eyes that said he wanted to pull back, the flick of the tongue at the corner of the mouth that said he didn't — this realm of action and touch might be neutral ground between us. Sherlock loved to run and climb and fight, trained his body through boxing and martial arts to be as agile and reliable as his thoughts, despite his disdain for the mundanities of food and sleep. And I — Captain Doctor Three-Continents Watson — I knew the human body
The unspoken
at the center.
"I'm fine," Sherlock answers tartly, already gone down the stairs.
He taps his index finger against Sherlock's wrist. "Every life matters. None should be taken lightly. And you have to live with what you've done, live with yourself. But it doesn't make you
," John made the tiniest gesture toward the table by the chair, confusing Mary until she saw the syringe half-hidden under the takeaway bag, "you are the best and the wisest man I have ever known. You saved my life… multiple times, probably in more ways than I know. You, I can forgive now."
, it's all the same —
Sherlock looked down at his hand on the arm of the chair, at the spoon in his fingers. Mary looked into John's face again, met his gaze somberly. His jaw tightened.
"He must have drawn his own conclusions about my actions. And he knew when I started using an alternate identity we set up together a long time ago — the associated bank account never ran dry. But we haven't spoken."
She blinked. Saw the misery in the droop in Sherlock's shoulders, the tight-folded corners of his lips. Misery, because he had made the same choice, in the name of
"Not. Relevant." Very stressed. Almost robotic.
). All the reasons for sidestepping the pitfalls of language are still sound. But Sherlock must amend his oversight.
Sherlock strokes his bow along the side of his head.
...Magnussen. Everywhere, from every angle, Charles Augustus Magnussen, in the present, in the past. Her past.
Nowhere he'd rather be than at Sherlock's side — most of the time.
In the deep green woods of human emotion, I'd learned how to keep my bearings. I got it wrong more than I'd like, and god knows I suffered as much as any other lonely male, lonely human. But I didn't get lost; not the way Sherlock was lost, a gleam of silver panic in his eyes when I wilfully crossed the boundary, pressed Sherlock's fingertips against my carotid.
"Why am I watching over you? Because roughly three hours ago I thrashed your back and backside." John's brows knit — Sherlock is pale with vasovagal response, standing up too fast on top of extended under-nourishment, but going across or around the bed to steady him risks worsening a paranoia already stoked high by Moriarty and cocaine. "Do you really not remember?"
"Take off your dressing gown."
"Stolen identity. An orphan. Did she have any family at the wedding, John?"
"I did." Sherlock said heavily. "Every time."
Sherlock's lips pinch together in a tight grimace; a sure sign he disagrees, but he doesn't interject, and his reticence raises the hair on the back of John's neck. Sherlock rarely gives a damn about rules, even his own, and he's never hesitated to share what he's thinking.
Has cost thee monie a weary nibble!
"Jacket."
than surprise — he'd felt looking back at Sherlock's impish smile, when an amused Angelo had delivered the cane to their doorstep.
issues."
That faint, battered fluttering about John's chest again, but even as it rises he knows his answer cannot change.
John finishes off the glass of water and heads back downstairs. The landing door into the kitchen is closed and, when he enters the sitting room, he sees that the sliding doors with their coloured panels have been pulled shut too.
) in the same breath Sherlock roared "Stop!"
Whether Sherlock would have sensed something strange in "Cam's" telegram, or her reaction to it.
something — a flare of gold-tinged red near Sherlock's hand, brighter, clearer than Molly's, cleaner than Jim's — realises he's drawn two steps closer to Sherlock and folded his hands behind his own back. Protective. On alert.
. Calculate, and compare again...
But no matter how many newspapers, log books, crime reports, and other mounds of data Sherlock chews through for hidden clues, or how many pads of graph paper he fills with notes while John dozes, he has unearthed no sign of Moriarty, and Sherlock hasn't
said to each other, weren't saying now.
. But so far, I'm just on notice. And I've been trying to figure how to get to him before he can use me."
John believes in him, but why. But his own words echo with an additional meaning: this is all real. Sherlock is here, home. John is learning what happened and at least some of the reasons. He hadn't wanted to punch Sherlock in the face at first sight after all. And he's finally in a position to
." He reached into his coat, pulled out his phone, and Mary exhaled a silent sigh of relief. Sherlock hadn't twitched the gun toward John, toward the threat of hand in pocket. He wasn't protecting himself, he was protecting John. From her.
John nods and scribbles notes on the envelope, trusting the summary to hit all the pertinent details; giving Sherlock a chance to eat his biscuit.
A text alert chirps. Sherlock doesn't budge from his fixed gaze through the microscope.
His lustrous eyes were locked on John's, scanning deeply but not so hard to read after all: searching, hoping, fearing.
marred the door straight ahead, and a sour mustiness filled the close air.
John takes a generous bite, and the heavenly smell of the sauce blossoms into a rich melange of flavours, even better than he remembers from Angelo's restaurant. The cat curls around his ankles, begging for his attention.
"Night before last." John says, mild as he can manage. "Explains the light-headedness. Dinner soon, then."
, nearly a year ago — Moriarty's explosive threat had brought into stark relief how much they depended on each other; how confused and inadequate everyone else was in understanding their unconventional needs and desires, the unique ways they relate to their dangerous world and to each other.
Sherlock spoke softly: "Make one more move, Mary, and I
with the rest of us."
Sherlock crosses to the bedside cupboard, gently pours a cup of water from a pitcher damp with tepid condensation, cold about four hours ago. He extends it in John's direction (smooth gesture, no sharp moves to key him up further).
She took a sharp breath, driving emotion back so she could be very clear.
"Not without — "
"Then what
Inside, John distantly listens to Sherlock brush off the DI's questions about who his companion is — and even if John hadn't seen his photograph in the paper he'd be sure Lestrade is the DI; he has a quiet air of command John recognizes and responds to. The only problem with looking was he'd never learned how to easily shut it down again; Lestrade's Entanglement flashes bright and strong through his wedding ring as he reaches for crime scene gloves.
"My what?"
Mycroft, he thinks, padding into his silent, three-in-the-morning kitchen to set the kettle on. He checks his schedule and gives serious thought, for the first time since he settled in Five Ashes, to cancelling his appointments and taking some time off.
Sherlock slowly draws his hand from beneath the pillow, rubs it down over his face, and it
John nods, once, and doesn't take his eyes off Mycroft until the closing door cuts off his view. With the click of the latch, he sags back into the chair, closing his eyes and bringing his hands up to cover his face.
When he finishes the second set of lashes, completing the pattern of diamonds across Sherlock's back, John is approaching a sort of calm centeredness — more crucially, however, Sherlock's eyes are glazed over and he's the most relaxed John has ever seen him. Anyone else's breathing might be ragged with pain or arousal or some combination of the two; Sherlock's is level and even. John's fingers flex around the handle of the riding crop and he reins in the desire to see how much further he can go.
"Hope was going to kill you. The people you tracked down were planning to kill
For one taut moment, Sherlock stared at her while John decided what to do with the phone; call 999 or…? Keep their police friends and the interfering brother
What mattered now was opening up the future — they had all tried to bury their painful pasts, alone, and walk away to something that seemed cleaner, but John was right.
A bit worked up.
John turns his face aside, blinking at the sudden change in perspective. This isn't indifference, it's...triage. Sherlock focusing his energies to best allow him to stop disaster before it can happen.
are you doing in here?"
more like Red Riding Hood — traipsing about in the woods by himself, confident he can overcome any wolf he might encounter.
He paused, looking back at me with a new variant of that deeply bewildered frown.
"Oh. I see. Sibling rivalry.
the bastard.
"Yes," Sherlock says, quietly, some small weight lifting from the corners of his eyes. "Please."
. Hasn't slept. Barely eats.
John hadn't vanished
John doesn't quite roll his eyes, pointedly indicates the lamp without ever looking at it. "Awake does not necessarily mean ready to discuss."
"You do? She — she loves you. I believe that. But she's… a tool, a sharp tool, the kind you don't leave lying around, that doesn't get placed in — in a
heart
"You're abnormally attracted...to dangerous situations and people, John, so is it truly such a surprise that the woman you've fallen in love with conforms to that pattern?"
He can feel the pulse picking up in his temple, but this revival of long-deferred rage is not helpful, here, now. John swallows back the bitter lump in his throat and makes himself look back over at Sherlock, slumped wearily in the chair and yet as taut as an overstrung violin. Still wearing his jacket, as if afraid John really will toss him out at any moment.
"What the
make this work, as long as Sherlock saw what she saw. "I know you're tired."
Sherlock lifted his head halfway at the swing of the sitting room door. She couldn't decipher the intensity in his wan face, in his mercury eyes: she wished she knew him well enough to read anger, or fear, or accusation beneath the adrenaline crash, or headache, or worse, and whatever remained of the chemical mixture that had been sustaining him.
"Either way. Words we need to have aside. We can't change the past. Any of our pasts. But I would very much like for us to write our futures — all our futures — together."
Sherlock lowers his chin, reaches out slowly until his fingertips just brush the crest of John's cheekbone, watches John's eyes startle, track, harden: doesn't want Sherlock to evade the issue, now that it's out in the open; can't permit the enchantment of touch to soften him into a forgiveness Sherlock hasn't earned; won't allow Sherlock to think this is a proper prelude to an apology.
"Sherlock Holmes — you took that cabbie's dare and risked your life to feel alive, and you won't take mine to keep it interesting?" His eyes widened at my words, his nostrils flaring. "I challenge you to a relationship."
John holds it up flat, near his face, palm inward and the gesture feels, somehow, like a threat.
— crosses Sherlock's face, setting off a tic in his cheek, a crack in the marble façade. The calculation slips from eyes no longer hyper-focused on the consuming problem of finding Moriarty's next move, and all at once John glimpses the frantic exhaustion of a prey animal on his last legs, unable to escape or to rest; a creature on the verge of bursting his own heart, or veering away from safety into some despairing sacrifice to lead the predator away from his nest.
"No."
"You could have. You
"I've trusted you since Angelo handed me my cane, Sherlock. I still do, if you'd just
His lips parted, kiss falling to pieces around his heady exhalation; our faces so close, hazel and amber and the brush of our noses, the bitter damp of shared air. Wrapped my hand around the side of his neck, into the soft curls behind his ear.
"I get it," John said, sounding like his own heart was strangling him.
— and caught myself wondering if she'd think my withdrawal was strategic or cowardly.
John knows when the cat finally picks a lap because Sherlock starts and looks down, fork halfway to his mouth.
"I know what I want. And I know what we're both capable of. Why are you hesitating?"
John's heart stutters. He reaches out, wraps his fingers gently around Sherlock's wrist. Has to thrust away the memory of hunting for his pulse on the rainy pavement outside Barts.
to help keep them safe, to help Sherlock
, he writes on the outside of an envelope. "No, I want you to explain it to me. I missed all the deductions you made along the way."
?" He can feel his lips twitch, fights down the lunatic urge to laugh at the sheer bloody arrogance. Knows he's leaving bruises in his own biceps; forces his fingers to ease lest he tear the precious piece of paper.
After a quick sniff to make sure it hasn't gone off, he pours the sauce into a pan and sets the ring beneath to its lowest possible setting. The kitchen is quiet except for the hiss of the flame and the sound of the cat crunching the dry food, until Sherlock scrapes his chair back from the edge of the table, presumably so he can better watch John.
"You're right. I'm an idiot. We both are."
Sherlock rolls abruptly towards the opposite edge of the mattress, heart pounding, skin throbbing. He ends up with one foot on the floor, one knee still on the bed, one hand on the tantō under his pillow; and the someone is John, only John (still in his Fusiliers shirt, eyes wide, sweat dried, finger in the preface of Butler's
" John asks, giving Mycroft a crooked, thin-lipped smile. He takes another sip of his coffee. "Was I supposed to learn from the stellar example set by you and your brother? Or am I meant to be surprised by the revelation he survived the fall?"
What is he seeing?
He forces an even breath; he knows he's been sluggish, detached, essentially sleepwalking through daily tasks like shaving and cooking, but this revelation suggests he's been much worse than he'd thought. Sherlock is brilliant and stubborn and sneaky — John is sure even Mycroft and Mummy had a hard time catching him as a child if he engineered a way to avoid his vegetables — but John's good with people, he's been told he's good with
when she moved through her days with only sweet sarcasms and wifely concerns, but she'd been put on notice by a bland wedding telegram: her past was no longer likely to remain in its quiet grave.
She had no idea how to help heal the rift between John and his former friend and flatmate, much as she wanted to. Like their nighttime dreams, Sherlock was an unspokenly forbidden topic in their home. John had struggled to talk about him before, when they'd both thought him dead; John's repressed fury in reaction to Sherlock's shocking return and underlying betrayals ran so deep it terrified her. Too much emotion for her loving man to cope with, she thought. Sometimes he could be so awfully bloody English.
me." A deep ragged breath, and John's despair finally slips free of his compulsive stoicism. "It can be very lonely, being your lover."
so long if you were alive — that was hard. Worse than the lies, almost. Understanding the bind you were in...helps."
"Remarkable."
he's going to pass out on the roadside.
." I spread my hands. A tiny thrill of orange, limning that electric word.
John murmurs a greeting to the battered black tom sitting on his doorstep before unlocking the door; he shifts to let Sherlock enter ahead of him. The cat darts between their legs, and Sherlock steps carefully until it vanishes into the kitchen. Then he lifts that flat gaze to John's face, and it's wrong that his eyes aren't flicking about the room, absorbing every detail of John's new life.
My lips tightened. An explanation, in our personal shorthand at least, the green and granite of the Grimpen churchyard — but hardly an excuse. I wasn't exactly flush with friends myself, could count maybe two or three all told, and no other could provide a match for the flame-like flutter I got each time I came home to Baker Street, or left it to investigate the world with him.
"You would have known she didn't, if you'd
Taking refuge in pure logic, keeping his thoughts strictly on the case, providing no stimulus from his private life for the drug to distort: exactly what he's been trying to do, since his pre-dawn realisation that yesterday's fear (grit on the lens, doubting his senses, losing his mind) had been exaggerated by some narcotic.
He holds out his own hand, steady by comparison. Just as reluctant to take his eyes off Sherlock, unable to throw off the feeling he's hallucinating, and if he looks away the impossible figure will fade back into the twilight. No matter the strength of the grip he still feels on his arm, or the sheer incongruous detail of the color of Sherlock's hair.
appalled listening to the man quote, verbatim, from John's therapist's notes. Far worse than being effectively kidnapped, to have his private diagnoses violated — in anticipation of this meeting — by a man becoming more
No idea what he was thinking, with his face hidden. I took a deep breath: wool and travel dust and ethylene and, under all of that, sweat and Sherlock. Body heat trapped in the narrow space between us, and my hand came up to settle on his waist, beneath the dramatic coat he hadn't yet removed.
Slowly, John unfolds the paper and reads the two stanzas:
He's out for a good hour and a half before he returns to the flat, and he ducks through the kitchen to use the downstairs loo, glad to note out of the corner of his eye that Sherlock is up and moving, talking in animated tones to the skull on the mantel.
"It's fine. Married to your work, friend not friends. I do listen, you know. We don't need to change." Our knees were so close to brushing I could almost feel sparks across the gap.
He would have come back though, if Sherlock had called him. He had before.
"Don't feed him," John warns.
Sherlock doesn't answer, just pulls himself up straight in the chair as John carries the plates to the table. He offers a pale smile in thanks, accepts a fork, and leans in with some eagerness.
"The worst thing. The absolute
— wrapped, knotted, smooth, frayed, torn, broken, but always incandescent red. So what had he seen, in the lab? The brilliance of that flash, the gilded edges —
"Your little lab experiment." I set the mug down. "You tested your hallucinogens theory — but you also tested
possibility,
when John smoothed the buckle flat, searing the reminder into their skin. A black shadow of the collar all the way around Sherlock's neck, a black spot on John's left thumb.
John's low-spoken "easy" is almost reflexive. He slides his hands to Sherlock's sides; the grip loosens and John steps back, keeping his gaze downcast for a moment because he's still fighting the agitated giggles trying to bubble up from his chest.
He's tired — it's been a long day; with everyone gone he should find his cane, turn the lights out, head upstairs and find out if that second room has a bed in it. He flexes his hand — frowning over how steady it is, what that might mean.
Which...Sherlock came
and he can't escape, he is no longer safe, his eyes snap open on a demand
She stilled. John was an immobile column of vigilant energy, dissecting Sherlock with dead calm eyes.
"John, we aren't —"
— circle in the darkness, fighting to form thoughts and plans and worries and ideas, but the shocks of pain chase them back, back, crackling like an electric fence to keep them at bay.
"There is literally no amount of money in the world that could convince me to work for Magnussen. He knows who I was. He knows where we live, so he can pass that along to anyone who might want me dead. He let me know at our bloody
Her gut twisted, and she sought refuge in what she could see beyond Sherlock: A soiled duvet, propping up the cracked screen of an abandoned mobile phone, wadded into the corner between the slate hearth and the rumple of carpet where the armchair had been. And the obsessive web of photographs crawling up the bookcases and mantelpiece: Magnussen, Magnussen, Appledore, the Prime Minister. Lady Smallwood. A tall balding man in a bespoke suit with a familial resemblance to Sherlock — Mycroft?
I didn't need more than what we'd had coming up the stairs. Wanted, god yes, a deep solar flare of yellow that had been lurking unacknowledged up to now, down in the marrow of my bones, but I didn't
Obviously lost in his memories of the Carl Powers case, gripping the pink phone and the trainers in their evidence bag, Sherlock hurries lightly up the stairs without looking back. John, relieved to be out of his line-of-sight for just a moment, to not have to worry about Sherlock's relentless awareness, grips the stair railing hard to steady his pounding head.
"I couldn't guess at whether you had made the deduction, no." Mycroft searches the granite planes of his face. "You disappeared rather thoroughly before the shock had begun to wear off."
"You can't make her do anything. You can't make her be what she isn't. We weren't supposed to be this way, Mary. We were going to have a quiet — quiet-
," Sherlock bellowed, and she paused to listen between one step and the next.
Sherlock's hand lifts, thumb and fingers half-circling his throat, the pulse beneath the imprint racing pointlessly to nowhere (Why have adrenaline reactions to loss? Not a survival trait, not an advantage, not something he can...) He's not losing John, he's not
Doctor Hamish Watson of Five Ashes, Sussex, who still thinks of himself as John, washes his hands in the consulting room. It's been a quiet spring; Mrs Langdon's second trimester is going well, and he needs to call the Malmsleys — he'll bet their daughter Elizabeth has already picked out half her stitches just to see what will happen. Five, and precocious, and another half-formed thought gets added to the buried list in his subconscious.
The whole time they are at Lauriston Gardens the incandescent flashes of red tease him no matter how hard he tried to focus on the dead woman in front of him, then Sherlock spinning out his observations.
"You found me. He knows where I am." John keeps his statements short, the words clipped. Giving Mycroft as little to read as possible.
Sherlock let the spoon slide out of his other hand; his eyes were downcast, lined with pain. Mary could see how John's anger tore at him. "You don't want answers about any of it. I don't know what you do want. But I can stop her leaving you."
A shadow joins them, lingering by the door to apologize for interrupting. Molly greets him by the name "Jim," invites him in, and John doesn't track the conversation at first, distracted by even stranger distortions in his second sight.
She swallowed, tightly, and spread her hands like a captive in a film. Looking up at Sherlock, letting her unspoken plea show in her eyes, trying to let him see he didn't need to unmask her to have John back in his life.
"Let me guess — not your cat."
He wavers. "Yes...I don't..."
But it was my curious hands that slid beneath the fabric of his jacket, rested a moment on skin-warmed linen before tugging his shirttail loose to explore the smooth expanse of his lower back.
Under the table, the cat hisses. Sherlock sits very still, absorbing John's anger into his skin like rain on chalk, looking down at something he holds between his two fists, pressed together on the table.
John shuts his eyes, forces his fingers to ease on the doorjamb, considers what else needs taking care of. He slips downstairs to have a quick conversation with Mrs Hudson, asks her help in arranging a "post-thinking-binge" meal, but there's nothing else he can think of that requires his attention more than keeping an eye on Sherlock; keeping things as quiet as possible in the hope he can rest a little longer.
John takes a breath but — no, never mind, at the moment he
going to be ready.
"Stop." John is more surprised by the level command in his voice than the fact that Sherlock actually falls silent. "Despite the cleverness of whatever you're planning to say, the only difference between Harry and alcohol, and you and
He hasn't been this close to tears since the graveside. Doesn't know if the urge is driven by relief or rage or some mix of the two, or if he's been caught off-guard by the exhaustion that can rise when a vigil nears its end.
Sherlock pushed the gun forward half an inch. "There. Where she's sitting. Why is she there? In that position?"
the absence of Entanglement that fascinates this man, can't be: no one else can see them.
John shakes his head.
, he has no choice. He braces against the rhythm, regular, predictable, and it does no good. The pain always shocks.
faith is alien to Sherlock, knows he's not questioning
John looked at Sherlock, tense. Seeking the promised verification, she thought. Not trusting his own judgment, not even wanting to trust Sherlock's; not able to trust her words or, presumably, the look on her face. Sherlock, for his part, appeared locked into place — merciless eyes still first and foremost watching for danger to John, and searching for clues in her face, her elbows held apart from her sides, the navy socks she'd thought were black when she'd grabbed them in the dark, the ragged part in her hair.... The gun wobbled downward half an inch, but she might as well have been nailed to the floor for all the difference it made.
Just the one strike, just for this moment because John doesn't trust himself to apply more until he's seen the welt rise, assessed Sherlock's sensitivity — and he can pretend he's being terribly rational but his hand tightens on the grip as he watches the white skin change colours, watches untouchable Sherlock quiver.
A part of John wants to hold his ground, bar Jim's passage, but he doesn't know why — the flirtatious fawning is only discomfiting, not threatening, and he has no idea what the shadows might mean. Stepping back, John gives Molly a bewildered look — the lines of the Entanglements in his peripheral vision
you doubt?"
, he sees the pencilled words "five types of ash" in Sherlock's neat hand.
With someone else, he'd provide verbal reassurance or praise, after, but the disturbing memory of how badly shaken Sherlock had been when he'd asked John not to speak lingers. With Sherlock, he worries about drawing him up too soon.
Quiet his mind. Settle him.
Mycroft's sigh is an eloquent study in irritation and disbelief. Clearly, John has gone off-script, derailed Mycroft's plans for the conversation, and he has a fierce, bitter joy at having done so.
, he keeps thinking, listening distantly to the phone ringing in his ear and the police arguing in the kitchen —
She heard the revolver's double-action trigger advancing the cylinder for another shot, and she covered her head with her hands as though they might protect her from bullets or consequences. She knew how to listen over the thunder in her ears for John sprinting up the stairs, but didn't know what to do with the cascade of fear washing through her mind: all the terrible things that might happen next.
Dusk blended a slate wash across the room, he and I and 221B cast in the same light, boundaries blurred by the approaching darkness.
"No. You need to stay
"Try to remember there's a woman here who might die," he says; Sherlock finally looks away from the data in front of him and directly at John, frost-coloured eyes edged with hard antagonism.
Sherlock's own worry and frustration sputter beneath the surface; he hates it when John withdraws like this, withholds himself. He did it when he first agreed to the flatshare, wary of Sherlock's incessant perception, and then he didn't, and now he's doing it again.
"We're done here," John says; voice taut with the same force stilling his hands. He doesn't want to be looking at the man in front of him, wants the sudden, feral surge of adrenaline-spiked anger back in its box.
have," he snarls, more harshly than he intends, and opens his eyes again, pivoting to face Sherlock. "I survived Afghanistan. I would have survived your war, and not by being abandoned on the sidelines. I would have
Sherlock is silent behind him, neither speaking nor moving for a moment, and John grips the underside of the counter's edge with cutting pressure on his thumbs.
John steps back carefully. He rubs at his shoulder, contemplates Sherlock for several minutes, and doesn't try to unravel any of what he's not quite thinking or feeling. Eventually, he toes off his shoes and slips out into the kitchen to grab two bottles of water from the "safe" shelf in the refrigerator. One he drains himself; the other he brings back into Sherlock's room and sets down near the crop as quietly as he can.
He hasn't looked in years, hasn't wanted to see, grown weary of his own lack, but he had to know if Sherlock was as right as he'd been about John in the cab.
A half-dozen other answers wanted to spill out of her but her breath caught hard in her throat, as John's mouth twisted against the things he didn't want to feel or admit or hear out loud. But she could see unequivocal love and fear in John's every move when Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and pressed his hands to his ears, leaving the gun pointing at the ceiling with his finger still on the trigger. Her heart pounded; everything in the moment felt like glass on the verge of shattering.
Only then, in the first pale light of dawn, does Sherlock look wonderingly at his own imprint: red as rubies, and apples, and blood.
." Cutting condescension clips his words, and John bristles. "Why don't you go cry by their bedside and see what good it does them."
Hands steady as stone, John sets the cereal box down next to the laptop and takes hold of Sherlock's sleeve. Watches Sherlock's face while he pushes the fabric up above the crook of his left elbow, the tense muscles playing under his skin in confusing patterns, like letters refusing to form comprehensible words.
he's texted up out of the blue, demanding soup at five in the bloody morning. As if —"
So many things dimmer, cloudier, in recent months. Since the entrance of The Woman, certainly, but they are not living some puerile tale of straying hearts or divided loyalties — it's in her nature to sow jealousy and chaos but, as unsettling as she may have been in close proximity, Sherlock never wanted anything more than to impress a mind as clever as his own.
John rubs a thumb hard along his spine, trying to let loose the tremors that Sherlock is locking down by force of will. And it's hopeless — Sherlock doesn't respond at all, his muscles don't give, and there's no room to manoeuvre squeezed between Sherlock's chair and —
"She is your wife, and she is a nurse, John. But she's much more as well. Connected to much larger things…" Sherlock's chest heaved. Mary could see him trying to determine where to start, how to cut straight to the beating heart of the story. Still trying, if the bleak way he was looking at her over the gunsight was any indication, to comprehend and connect all the pieces himself.
John stepped closer to hear Sherlock's fragile voice, watched his face with frightened, breath-held intensity.
isn't a sociopath, high functioning or otherwise.
He feels himself frown, alarmed by Sherlock's pained expression; Sherlock gropes for his napkin, struggling to swallow the bite in his mouth.
But Sherlock isn't obsessing about Moriarty right this second. He's staring, as if John holding a riding crop is less believable — or more dangerous — than John holding a gun.
"You have an intermittent tremor in your left hand," the mystery man says, and John can't stop his swallow, uncertain whether he's relieved that his neglected secret is still his alone. But he
John frowned, brows contracting over shifting blue eyes. She recognized the twist of warring priorities. The instinct to trust Sherlock — and her; the suspicion that he shouldn't trust either. And no comprehension of how to solve the puzzle he'd been posed.
. How did she get there?"
thoroughly, just changed enough superficial details to evade reporters, well-meaning acquaintances, and any remaining enemies who
Not so very different.
John pauses at the door to the kitchen, where most of the activity had taken place, staring at beakers and test tubes gone foreign in the absence of stretching red lines.
— goes away. There's a hollow feeling at the base of his throat that might be nausea.
"The last three years were supposed to make trusting
"Yes," John says, "and a good one. The hair might have been enough, though."
John know about his new flatmate? Tall. Arrogant and beautiful as the devil himself. Brilliant and obtuse at the same time.
Sherlock watches John's face closely as he backs toward the bench. His left hand,  reaching down for the knapsack, displays a slight tremor. He hasn't been eating properly, that much is obvious, and John already noted his exhaustion, but neither of those things, alone or in conjunction, would have been enough to make Sherlock's hands shake almost three years ago.
She closed her eyes, not wanting to see the rising admixture of doubt and confusion and anger as John — clever John, military John — put the pieces together. Just as Sherlock had asked, as Mary should have foreseen.
She'd spent the agitated weeks since their return from honeymoon alternately hunting for an avenue to make peace between John and Sherlock — in case her worst fears about Magnussen came to pass — at the same time she'd been relieved the great detective was too far away to put her under his microscope.
Sherlock's concentrated energy has been John's motive force, and a vital reassurance.
He's been slack too long, yielding too easily to nightmares and nightmarish lethargy in the weeks since Moriarty's crazed "game." Lying about in a sleep-deprived haze, or following Sherlock blindly just for the sake of feeling he's doing
to let a mere serial killer, or poison, or cocaine, get the upper hand. Too used to working on his own, and too proud and stubborn to even consider he might
, she meant; to her, even without tone of voice, the text read almost like a plea. Though she could be seeing what she wanted to see. "He didn't sign it, either."
John gets up from the chair, lightheaded; rests one hand on the wall at a momentary wave of nausea that gets caught behind the blockage in his throat.
He is utterly still, though. Not a twitch, not a single sardonic comment. His eyes aren't flicking about, vibrating with his thoughts, chasing from John's hand around the riding crop to his shoulder to his thigh to his shoes and back again; they're pinned solely on John's face.
was wrong," Sherlock said. "You were merely about to be wrong."
But it could all go unsaid, like so much else between us, go right to the devil if it had to.
Sherlock exhales and scrapes the waistband of his pyjamas higher on his hips; deliberately bringing sleepy welts to prickling wakefulness. He steps around the foot of the bed, straddles the chair, sinks down until his arms fold across the crest rail, and rests his forehead upon them; the exposure of his skin to John's eyes and hands feels palpable, like a new form of heat rising from his back and shoulders.
There was a piano, right there in the house.
Sherlock looked over suspiciously. They certainly looked special—or at least different. Unlike their gifts to each other, which had been wrapped in a dignified holly-and-ivy patterned paper (and yes Sherlock had wrapped his gifts for John and Mrs Hudson himself), the wrapping on the small stack of presents featured a mixture: two were wrapped in paper featuring penguins in festive winter hats and scarves, one was in a gift bag, two were in solid green, and the remaining two were in very shiny paper: one silver, one gold.
“Thank you so very much, Mrs Thatcher, for your assistance.”
He nearly dropped the pot. He looked up slowly. Benjamin stood in the doorway; he had been summoned to receive his instructions for the proposed excursion.
are, but only because I have the means to isolate and have you watched day and night. Do you think I enjoy seeing you like this—not even able to offer you a candle or a fire or proper dishes? Do you think that in your current state you could return to your rooms? Your doctor does as much as he can, but he must sleep sometimes, and so must Mrs. Hudson, and even if you do not intend it you are so very prone to injuring yourself or… well, you know the dangers. And I cannot allow that.”
I felt all of my own breath leave me as she stated this.
“Oh, yes! Of course,” I replied in haste. No, it would be quite untoward for a stranger to learn of the more unusual ways in which we tend to my darling. It would likewise be imperative that she would be prevented from any shocks. “He will have to behave himself,” I realised. “I will speak to him quite firmly about it.”
He looked at his own hands for a while, observing the yellow nicotine stains, the healing wounds on the knuckles, the scars. The callouses caught his eye. Recognisable callouses, even if they were a bit softened now; at some point, he had played the violin.
“It was also where the... illustrious member of European royalty stayed,” I reminded him.
“Not impressed by your brother’s career, I take it?” Solomon prodded, smiling a bit.
“Yes, I do,” I admitted. “Now, please go on about the case. Did Mr. Bramsen describe the ring in sufficient detail?” Sherlock is a great lover of detail.
“No,” she explained carefully. “It’s time you were asleep.”
“No as in you’re not welcome?”
The government man felt something very odd and foreign going on in his chest. “Yes, that’s your pirate ship,” he agreed when he could speak.
“Yes, sir,” he replied. He stalked over.
“You like that, my sweet boy?” John finally interrupted.
wearing just your shirt?”
It was my turn to be astonished. “No?” I echoed.
caring
“Yeah. He just… switched off. Over. Whatever. It was like it never happened—for him. Then it was the library and dinner—he ate well—and I read to him a bit and then he….”
It had to have been a woman who introduced the not just feminine but decidedly marital-related items to the bachelor’s home. How very, very odd.
Ridiculous man.
The driver looked thoughtful. “Mr Holmes should have dinner with his brother,” he suggested, “in the small dining room.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Dear me. Surely you do not wish for me to delve into the details in front of the good doctor.”
He hummed and nuzzled into my cheek. Excellent. Just the direction I was hoping this conversation would go. “John?” he murmured.
The man in front of him, dressed in a dark shirt, black jeans, and, surprisingly, a suit jacket, was clearly high as a kite. He was talking a mile a minute even before Lestrade could move directly in front of him, gesticulating wildly. His pupils were wide and dark, and he moved in little jerks.
“I am sorry about all the bother,” Mycroft apologised uncomfortably. It was so rare for him—both the feeling uncomfortable and the apologising.
Written in pencil, it appeared to be a list. His brother’s writing sprawled across the paper, slanting down to the right and running off the edge at times, but the format was recognizable. It wasn’t the first list Sherlock had made for his brother and was unlikely to be the last.
Yes, the tea had been an interesting blend.
It is all inexcusable—all of it. I am a selfish man who makes excuses for my horrible habits and ways. I make our lovely rooms uninhabitable with my loathsome tobacco and experiments. I take pleasure in childish theatrics. When I plunge into the depths of despair I am inclined to pull you down with me, and when mania overtakes me I want nothing but to keep you awake with me.
The bell rang, and I listened to the familiar sounds of Mrs Hudson crossing the vestibule; opening the street door. There was a murmured conversation and then, to my surprise, I heard an unfamiliar tread on the stairs. That was not what usually occurred. When we had a visitor, our landlady would usually bring a card up to us first, or if the stranger had no card, she would inquire for a name and the nature of the visitor’s business—this was an absolute necessity in that, more often than not, she needed to give us time to make ourselves and the room presentable.
He paused and his sorrow was palpable. I shuddered in sympathy, thinking of my dear friend, whose body might have been separated from us by only one door, but whose mind was, at least at present, as distant as the stars. “Please, go on,” I said.
“That certainly does sound intriguing,” I agreed. “So that is why you left me behind?”
“Good lord. Does that mean Mr. Bloom is entertaining a visitor exclusively when his wife is away?”
Dad, who of course had seen right through Mycroft’s overly-detailed explanations about “debriefing,” patted his love’s hand and brushed her hair away from her beautiful, intense eyes. Sherlock’s eyes.
There on the threshold stood a man nearly as arresting in appearance as my friend. He was taller, but had the same lean frame and sharp features. His hair was dark and trimmed neatly. He was clean-shaven but sported somewhat old-fashioned, modest sideburns. He did not share Sherlock’s ivory-toned skin, but he was certainly not ruddy, either. He was, however, as impeccably dressed as Sherlock ever was—and he most certainly had the same piercing and queer grey eyes.
I consider the first of my expressions my treatment of his headaches—the earliest of his foibles exposed to my medical eye and mind—as probably the very first, tentative attempts at returning his attentions. I did not—I really, truly, did not at that time realise his feelings for me or mine for him, but I also had never considered laying my hands on a patient in the way that I did to ease his pain. And yes—it did. It gave me a feeling, not just of joy, but of
Sherlock was terrified. He would whimper if I was out of his sight for more than a few moments; I had to reassure him that I was not going far and that I would return instantly. The only time I was able to have to myself was when he slept. That was challenging in that, when presented with the idea of retiring to his bed, he would panic, but I discovered that I could get him to fall asleep in the sitting room, so I allowed him to do so and would then take advantage of the time to tend to my personal needs.
“So you always planned on talking me into travelling with you?” I asked, despite the circumstances enjoying his playful enthusiasm. I was continuing to be extremely careful about not actually specifying to where I was intending to travel.
“I can assure you, my dear friend, that I will be perfectly fine on my own and in fact prefer it. Go back into the house and complete your examination of the scene. I shall sit here on this bench in the shade and await the completion of your exertions.”
"Sherlock," John repeats, trying to steady him on his feet, and before he can begin to interpret the chaos he sees in grey eyes, he's pulled tight against the slippery nylon jacket: Sherlock's forearms pinned across his back and neck, Sherlock's face pressed down into his hair.
He shakes himself, opens the bottle, shakes a pill into his hand and downs it before he can get any farther lost in thought. He'd tried to keep Sherlock from knowing about the codeine-laced painkiller because his history suggested having an opiate in the house was a risk factor — but also because John had hated to reveal how bad the headaches were before he adapted to having his curse active again. And despite his precautions, he shouldn't be shocked that Sherlock knows about the hidden pill bottle.
