Even the muted roar of Baby’s engine in the little garage did nothing to lift his spirits. Running on autopilot, he hit the garage door opener, backed Baby expertly up the steep driveway in reverse, punched the button to close the garage after him, and pulled out onto the street, neatly dodging a handful of cyclists and moms with strollers already on their way to the park.
Sure, in the past he may have taken time to wallow a bit and have his little pity party, but eventually he’d find his spark, the drive to keep going, to keep fighting to live life—all of their lives—on their own damn terms, Chuck be damned.
“Ok, but seriously. What’s the catch?”
Sam lingered for a minute, shuffling his big feet around awkwardly, probably trying to figure out another opening line that wouldn’t immediately get him a fist to the face, but with a discouraged sigh, he eventually left, closing the inner door softly behind him, which was worse than if he’d huffed his way through and slammed it with a bang.
It was damn unsettling.
“I’d like to know what actually happened with Cas yesterday.”
Bit presumptuous of Jack to have dumped Cas in Dean’s bed, then, instead of his own. At least Jack had put him on the side Dean usually left empty, so it wasn’t like his pillow would smell like Cas or anything weird like that.
“Even the voice is better this time,” he remarked. “Is this how it’s going to be, then? An eternity of Deans that aren’t Dean, promising everything I want and can’t have?” He shook his head, eyes still closed, an awful little smile without a single ounce of actual humour in it twisting his lips. “Fine. They're safe and you can't touch them. Bring it on.”
He had an appointment to keep.
“Unbelievable,” Dean muttered as he collapsed back into his spot, his chest warm from so much more than the scotch. Cas smirked at him over the rim of his glass.
Cas came over, perching on the strip of sofa available by Dean’s hip as he leaned in for a kiss.
“’Night, Cas,” he mumbled through a yawn. But Cas was already asleep, tucked up snuggly beside Dean on his side, a hand loosely curled on Dean’s chest. Grinning sleepily at the sight, Dean sighed comfortably and let himself drift.
“I’m on my way.”
awful. Best not to tell Sam, he decided, or he’d find himself buying skimpy running shorts and anti-chafing wax before he knew it.
Cas’ head nearly clipped Dean’s chin as it shot up in indignation. His blue eyes narrowed in a glare. “
“Go ahead, I just have to grab something from my place first. I’ll be right there.”
More blah-blah from the phone, something about the ‘old Harmon silo’ in Hastings. Christ, he couldn’t focus long enough to make sense of anything. Whatever, he’d figure it out on the road.
Who the hell was this guy’s brother, Dean wondered, and it occurred to him that maybe he needed to consider if this was all too good to be true.
By the time Sam finished getting Dean cleaned up and into bed, he was already out. But unlike most nights, when sleep would soften the tense lines of Dean’s face, they just seemed deeper, etched in like they might never ease again.
Annoyed at himself for being the source of the caution with which Cas approached him, Dean let his arm and its accompanying swath of cozy fabric wrap around Cas’ far shoulder. He had been an idiot about this...
“I can’t leave him like that, Jack.”
Dean, who had been alternating between staring at Cas’ big hands and expressive face as he talked, nodded along, valiantly trying to ignore the knowing looks he kept getting from Gabriel.
Wounded eyes stared wordlessly out of his battered face instead, and Sam wanted to cry for him. Hell, for both of them.
“You’re such an ass.”
Dean tried to argue, but Sam clapped a palm over his mouth. He knew he wouldn’t get a better chance than this to try and get through Dean’s incredibly stubborn defenses. Alcohol had lowered the drawbridge; Sam just needed to get across.
Dean had started to claw clumsily at the back of Sam’s hand, so he let go and switched his grip to Dean’s plaid-covered shoulders instead. He knew if there was any chance at all to finally get Dean to see some sense he absolutely couldn’t let him leave.
Broader shoulders, for one, pretty much level with his own. Harder lines of biceps and hips and thighs forming a line of heat all down his side. Different. Very different, but…good. Or, it could be, if Cas would just relax into it a little. Maybe he didn’t want to be so close?
“It hurts to wake up every day. It hurts to even just exist sometimes. But I will
“So what’s this idea of yours?”
“How could I ever trust him again?” he asked plaintively after a while. It was the heart of the matter, the one thing he was still wrestling with.
, Dean thought. Go big or go home…alone.
“Alright. What did you want to discuss?”
“If you tell me,” he said authoritatively before Dean could argue with him, “that you want to be here on earth more than anything else, then I’ll accept that, but I think we both know that’s not really true anymore.”
He pushed a list of names towards Dean, some circled. Among them, Bobby, Charlie, and Eileen immediately caught his eye.
“Uh, thanks for being cool about it, I guess?” Never having been in the position of turning someone down when they were already on their knees, he was more than a little out of his depth.
They settled in at the table, Cas making appreciative noises as he immediately grabbed a piece of bacon off of his plate and crunched into it. “Perfect,” he said, once he’d chewed and swallowed.
had lost his significant other or something, too.
Dean had gotten across the kitchen in record time, wrapping Cas up in a hug that was only a little desperate. He tucked his face into Cas’ warm neck, felt him hook his chin over Dean’s shoulder as his hands stroked soothingly down his back before they tightened around his waist.
There was a pause. Cas picked at the edge of his beer’s label, cheeks gone a bit rosy. Taking a guess about the possible origin of Cas’ discomfort, Dean felt like a dick.
, eyes flicking to the space next to Dean, then up to his face. The way his entire body instantly strained towards Dean’s telegraphed want in every line, but there was still a wariness to his expression that made Dean’s stomach hurt.
them.
Jack shrugged, looking much less concerned about it than Dean was.
“Yeah,” she said quietly, “I figured as much.”
“I mean…” Dean shifted uneasily under the glare Sam turned on him. “He said it was ok, Sam. He told me to come. We’ll have, like, literally forever together later on.”
“Hey!”
Understanding began to dawn.
“Yes, Dean Winchester, grace makes an angel. And you are about to offer me Castiel’s grace in exchange for whatever scrap of him will be left without it.”
“I guess? He’s not really an angel anymore, but he’s not fully human either.”
Under his grip, Cas tensed slightly.
“You should check on Jody,” Sam said finally, his voice carefully modulated, utterly flat. “Make sure she and the girls are alright. I’ll try to get hold of Jack.”
“Cas…”
“You made me a homemade apple pie.”
to live like that-- made his skin crawl, but it wasn’t as awful as the other option he’d been considering, which involved ending things with Cas, telling Sam that things with “Cassie” hadn’t worked out, and doing everything in his power to keep either of them from ever finding out.
Gabriel looked at Sam’s big sad eyes and the earnest expression on his youthful face and sighed. “Goddammit, I’m going to have to try and convince my brother to give him another chance, aren’t I?”
It ached, the name bringing back up the memory of Sam’s bland interaction with him, no idea why his brother’s landlord was up in his apartment, no idea who Cas was to Dean
“No fucking kidding,” Castiel breathed before diving back in with gusto, and ok, wow, the cursing should not have been that hot, but it seemed like this guy could do no wrong in Dean’s book.
Looking more and more lost, Sam threw his hands up. “What does that even
Sam leveled a long look at him, his lips tight against a well-deserved rebuke. Dean tilted his head a little, imploring him to let it go. They didn’t talk about feelings any more than necessary at the best of times, and Dean saw no reason to change that. Especially now, with Sam’s bombshell about Cas still ricocheting around in his brain like a damn bludger.
"Just… be careful. I fear for you, Castiel."
"The higher chain of command had warned me that it would take a strong hand to persuade him, and I assumed that blood and frogs had been enough to make him see reason… I had already started writing the mission report!" Anna huffs. "I was not expecting a breach of oath."
Had Uriel killed me, I wonder if the hierarchy would have assigned Dean a new Guardian. Just thinking about it fills my Grace with a surge of anger. I am the one and only Guardian of the righteous man and no one will ever take my Mission away from me.
Anna's irritated voice draws me out of it – she’s squinting down at the Humans who keep screaming and crying, begging the Lord to forgive them for their arrogance.
The General's voice is ice-cold, but Siosp raises his voice louder still, Grace flaring up. "We resurrected them one by one barely five hundred years ago! Why would we let our hard work be wasted when we could fix the problem without destroying the Earth again? Ask for a year's extension! Just one year, and we will smite every last one of those monsters and find their Mother! Please, Anael!"
"Yes, of course he is. Just like the vessels I provide for our brothers are adequate and functional. Just think of them as cheap ready-to-wear, whereas Claire is tailor-made. Classy, high fashion. You see what I mean?"
I look up to meet his gaze.
I can feel Baradiel and Samandriel watching me as I touch their foreheads again, erasing their horrific memories. They collapse to the ground, plunged into a dreamless sleep. I look up at my brothers. Samandriel is smiling at me with gratitude.
"What?"
I look down at the hundreds of lifeless bodies littering the ground, with their empty and fuming eye sockets. The blood filling my eye stains my vision red. Apart from the couple of soulmates, no Human on the boat survived our attack.
"It doesn't matter. Six of my soldiers were killed in action."
"That ain't convenient."
They’re all gone now, leaving me alone to stare at the empty room. The child's voice echoes are fading away, and not even the thousands of distant celestial voices can fill the void within me.
"You mean I need a reason to pay a visit to my favorite little brother, now?"
of them swarming about! Who's going to control their growth now, if not for us?"
My duty is to stop the Apocalypse. And should I fail, I know that the Winchesters will go to Heaven after everything they will have to endure as vessels. I will be there to welcome them. They will be at peace and happy for eternity in the lands of the Lord.
I don't care about any of this. I let her go and snap my wings open, desperate to report the situation to Zachariah.
"Then what?"
"This is what the Council came to decide too," I say flatly. "They order us to go and collect Dean together."
"I didn't act directly. I killed no monster, even though I do think these orders are nonsense. I simply dissuaded them to step into
"Rest assured, Zedekiel, no one can figure it out," Baradiel says, "I personally think that free will is just a fleeting trend that the higher chain of command will grow tired of eventually."
"Keep what I told you earlier to yourself, brother. I need you to write a positive report on this miracle, otherwise Michael and Raphael will pester me even more, they already don't trust me since what happened with Cain."
He is staring at Anna in disbelief, and even from up here I can see his jugular throbbing at an accelerated pace.
A wrenching scream laced with gurgling sounds shatters my thoughts, and I press my palm to my forehead, eyes tightly shut. I focus to control the rush of emotions overwhelming me.
"Hmm..." Balthazar thoughtfully takes a sip. "You know, I did say yes to Uriel to tell him what he wanted to hear, but I knew that with his attitude he wouldn't last long. All Angels who have been foolish enough to get too deeply involved with a species or purpose have paid a very high price. True, if the human species goes extinct, I will miss my work with the vessels and all their entertaining fabrications. But Cas, you have to understand one thing: there is nothing permanent in Creation - species go extinct every day and one day the sun will explode, burning up this tiny planet. We will go somewhere else. We will have other missions. There will be other wars, we will watch everything our Father has created return to dust. And yet, we will still be here. Until the end of time and the Final Judgment. Trust my life long experience, there is nothing on Earth worth risking your eternity. Just do as I do, obey orders, do as little as possible, work your way through the bureaucracy and strive to get a nice, easy job."
Three firm knocks on the front door snapped him out of his funk. Expecting a delivery service, he was surprised to see Sam Winchester on the porch in basketball shorts and one of Dean’s raggedy old band shirts. Gabe hadn’t heard him come down the stairs.
“I’m…
He had tried to hold it together for Sammy while it was happening, said the things he knew his younger brother needed to hear, but
When they got back to the bunker that night, Dean even remembered to floss, and stretched out into his nest of blankets feeling particularly virtuous. And, as he had done nearly every few nights since he’d stopped getting blackout drunk and passing straight into unconsciousness, he sent out a quiet prayer.
Climbing the stairs to his apartment usually felt good. Since he’d met Cas there had always been an awareness that the other guy was around, either doing his own thing at his place or waiting up in Dean’s. And after they’d started dating, going into either of their apartments had felt like coming home.
In the void, something…shifted. It wasn’t the weight of a physical body moving, but rather his consciousness recognizing another; a feeling of something, an awareness, a being there that hadn’t been a moment before. It was massive and all encompassing, something that made him remember that the Empty had existed before the creation of angels, and even before God.
Dean had seen it enough times that he spent most of the time watching Cas’ reactions playing out in the flickering light from the TV instead, looking his fill at the play of emotions over Cas’ familiar features. He’d spent so much time trying to make sure he wasn’t looking too long that he found himself wanting to let his gaze linger, to take it all in. Because, god, there was just
It looked like how Dean remembered feeling when he and Sammy had ended up in Silverthorne, Colorado. You could take as many deep breaths as you wanted but the lack of oxygen at that elevation just kept you feeling half suffocated until you eventually adjusted.
“Hey,” he said softly, appreciating the way Cas’ head whipped around in shock.
“Seriously? You really didn’t know?” Huffing, Sam ran a hand through his hair, gaze bouncing around the room as he absorbed Dean’s genuine confusion. “Huh. Wow, um, ok. I figured you knew but maybe didn’t feel the same way, which I always thought was weird, you know, because—”
Dean smirked in the dark. “You wouldn’t be the first old-ass being I’ve killed.” Then, remembering his goal, he reined himself in, forced himself to ease up a little. “Listen,” he said, trying to sound as reasonable as possible with his heart drumming in his damn throat. “If we do it this way then you get to guard his grace for eternity, the essence of what makes him an angel. Your duty will be done, and without him here to bring you trouble, because I will
Shaking his head in exasperation, Sam crossed his arms and leaned back against the stove. “You’re not thirty anymore, you know. You’re lucky to have gotten away with that train wreck of a diet for as long as you have.”
Cas nodded without any hesitation and stepped off the porch, wandering towards the garden and its beehives. “Just don’t leave without saying goodbye,” he said, half turning to meet Dean’s gaze with a soft smile.
Despite being on a busy avenue, the prevalence of small but neatly-kept lawns, mature trees and bike paths separating the sidewalks from the street, and the one-way cross street keeps it from feeling too citified. Dean’s hopeful apartment was nestled in the midst of it all; a corner unit with a steep little driveway that angled down into a garage for his Baby, his painstakingly restored and perfectly maintained ’67 Chevy Impala that he only drove in good weather. That alone was nearly enough to sell him on the place, since apparently the owner who lived on the main floor didn’t have a car
“The movie’s over.”
Why yes, yes he
Except that when he got back to the living room he realized that Cas was sitting there alone on the couch, Gabe nowhere to be seen.
I turned her down, ok?!”
Dean frowned.
Panic started to flare in Dean’s gut. Dark clouds started taking shape on the horizon, grey and ponderous with rain. “I can’t just leave him there!”
Sighing, Dean leaned forward to roughly rub his face, leaving his forearms to brace against his thighs. “Ok.” He inhaled, held it, then exhaled slowly. Even though he didn’t actually need the air, the familiar breathing exercise soothed him.
“—bleed for the Winchesters,” Dean finished the words, old words,
“Alright.”
“Yeah, and the half of it that’s not yours is disgusting,” Sam griped. “I’m not letting you go to sleep like that.”
“Ok…wow. You’re an incredible kisser, you know that?”
He was staring at Cas’ mouth, mind churning out ideas of what he’d like to do to and with those soft-looking lips when a twinge of familiar shame hit him broadside.
“Damn.” Dean pulled out a chair for himself. “That was fast.”
But once he got the door open, his prepared greeting came out as a gut-punched, breathy “Oh” instead, because holy shit those were some seriously blue eyes…
“Of course, but he’s had three renters in the last three years bail after their lease was up because they still found it too disruptive during the weekends or some shit.” Gabe shrugged, dismissive. “So that’s it, but if you don’t want the place, no harm no f—”
I'm sooooooooooorry!!!
“Aaand here you’ve got the other bedroom across from the kitchen.”
The silence was broken by a shuddering gasp as Cas inhaled, his eyes finally closing as he absorbed the blow.
“But I never see you, you know, coming or going with anyone. You’re home right after work during the week, and we’ve been doing movie nights most Fridays and Saturdays. And then on Sundays, I don’t know, you’re usually doing groceries or cooking or something, so I realized that you’re probably not dating and I guess I was…well, wondering why.”
Nabbing a spot near a tree that would guarantee them a little extra breathing room, they unloaded the trunk and set themselves up. Dean twisted open his forty, dropping the cap into the bottom of the paper bag and taking a long swallow.
Cas’ confusion suddenly cleared. “Oh! You must be…you’re Sam, right?”
“What’s on your mind?” he grumbled, though not unkindly. It was far gentler than he felt like being when he could barely hear over the pounding drum solo that was currently playing on loop in his head.
It was…well, it was almost like Sam was being the responsible one instead of Dean, wasn’t it? Saint Sam had doubtlessly made sure Jack was as ok as he could be yesterday while Dean was having his pity party in the shower; probably checked on him again first thing in the morning.
when I’m fucking things up.”
Warning: Sam says something in a flashback that Dean interpreted as a homophobic comment. There is a reason for this, I swear, please don't riot
“Is it possible that Dean didn’t tell him?”
The shower didn’t stop, nor did Dean acknowledge having heard it, so Cas pushed himself up with a sigh. It was a good neighbourhood, but there was no sense in leaving a package on the front porch if they didn’t have to. He pressed the button next to the intercom that unlocked the downstairs door and poked his head out.
“I’ll run into town and check, but I think there’s a good chance, yeah.”
Gabriel’s expression said that he thought Castiel was being a naïve fool.
“The building. I’m just borrowing his spare room for a bit since I’m currently in between significant others, but I usually give him a hand with maintenance stuff, too.”
But Dean was gone in another rush of air, leaving Sam to pull his phone out of his pocket and examine it like it might hold the answer. After a few seconds of staring at it, he set it on the seat next to him and turned forward, bracing his hands on the wheel.
“You’re—How…are you here?”
as Bobby’s when it snapped closed.
Dean blinked, blinked, blinked again and then sat forward, setting his beer aside.
sort things out between them that Dean would be willing to give that up so easily.
“Oh, you want to do this now?” he barked, getting into Dean’s face. “Yeah, ok, Dean, we can do this now.”
Sam put Donna on speakerphone as Dean peeled the Impala out of the garage aiming for Eileen’s place, motioning for Dean to keep her talking while he simultaneously tried to reach Eileen on Dean’s phone.
He looked into his mug, jostling it a little just to see the ripples chase across the surface of the rapidly cooling coffee. Black, no sugar, just like he’d always taken it. Not because he had ever truly
“It’s your heaven, Dean. The weather can be warmer with just a thought and I’m in no danger of freezing.”
Cas felt his heart rate pick up as he thought it through. Dread started edging out the relief at seeing Dean still there. “Then how are you still here?” Silence. “Dean? How are you here?”
When Sam missed a shot so badly it could only have been deliberate, Dean half expected him to come storming over and demand they leave. But while Sam did come over, he didn’t comment (unless a disappointed sigh counted) when Dean excused himself a minute after Alice had headed to the bathrooms with a flirty little grin thrown back over her shoulder.
The way Sam’s eyes lit up when Dean peered over the fridge door lifted some of the tightness in his chest.
His finger slipped as he went to press Play, aroused all over again by the idea of getting to make out with Cas on his couch, the thought of being able to take all the time they wanted without fear of interruption. There was no fighting the full body shudder that rippled through him involuntarily at the thought. Cas’ low chuckle of acknowledgement only served to set off a second one and Dean cursed under his breath, finally managing to hit the right buttons to get the movie playing.
, I am!” Dean crowed. “Of course I’m free, this is a serious matter regarding your sad lack of proper media education. I can’t believe Gabe never made you watch it.”
“He’d want to be with his family, Jack. And…with me.”
, he was
Sam leaned back against the sink. There was nothing comforting for him to say; Dean wasn’t wrong. So he did the only thing he could, and bore silent witness to his brother’s stunned anguish as it ripped out of him in wet, choked gasps that seemed to go on forever.
Dean realized he was half-crouched over Cas with his arms spread protectively like there was a damn thing he could do to stop Jack if he decided to do something.
Cas didn’t stop him.
But he didn’t.
They sat quietly for a while, Cas’ ragged breathing the soundtrack to the twisting of Dean’s heart as hope was wrung out of it one drop at a time, leaving it hollow and ringing with despair.
Taking the bait, Dean flashed him a teasing grin. “Well, yeah, that’s because I actually showered for once.”
Sam, predictably, tried to get him to talk about it. Sam had
“Hey there, Sleeping Beauty, ‘bout time you woke up.”
“Yes,” he muttered, fighting to get a crew-necked shirt back onto a hanger. “
the most romantic thing anyone had ever said to him.
Dean turned that over in his head for a minute, eyes bouncing between Cas and Jack. He prodded at the idea, turned it this way and that, flipped it over and poked at it some more. He finally nodded to himself and leaned forward.
Still twitchy, Dean looked down at Cas who, while sprawled a bit awkwardly on the grass, was at least breathing easier; his lips were no longer blue.
Cas nodded faux-seriously, pretending to humour what he obviously thought was the Empty messing with him, apparently not for the first time.
I also got a classic chick— Whoa. Ok...ok. C'mere.”
“Sick?”
But Cas never pressed him, and Dean clutched desperately at that excuse to put it off for another day, always just one more day, until he found himself facing down the start of the third week of June. Sam was supposed to be arriving that Saturday after his last exam to spend the long weekend with him. It was a perfect time to be celebrating a graduation in Montreal, since it always marked the end of the regular school year and the official start of the summer festival season.
Dean was…shocked, to say the least.
The sound of the front door closing behind Dean seemed to break the iron hold Cas had kept on himself; he gasped like he’d been doused in icy water as devastation was replaced with panic. Logically he knew that his body was sensing a threat to his well-being and responding with another option in its repertoire. He had held still long enough, now it was time to flee.
“Be gentle, alright?”
As it turned out, Dean
“You can’t hide in the shower forever, Dean.” Cas’ voice was frustrated but calm. “I know something’s been bothering you for a while now. I’d really like for you to tell me what’s going on.”
“Well then, hang on to your hat, sweetheart, because you’re about to love it a whole lot more.”
“Hey,” he murmured, pulling his face out of kissing range, eyes rolling heavenward in a desperate prayer for strength when Alice latched on to that sensitive spot on the side of his neck and sucked. “Jesus!”
“Please,” he blurted, and could have kicked himself. Like any of these cosmic dickbags gave two shits about things like empathy…or love. He hurried to pull free the empty vial that had held Jack’s blood from his pocket.
Dean rubbed his palms together gleefully. “Hell yes we are! Can’t wait to spank some Bruin ass.”
When the sandwiches hit the table, Cas fell on them like he hadn’t eaten in days, but Dean toyed with his, forcing down a few bites and ultimately shoving his plate over to Cas to finish.
He didn’t call Sam.
While Dean fought a confused blush and the sudden urge to trip over absolutely nothing because he became a fucking disaster whenever a guy complimented him, Gabe pointed to the front window.
“Do you remember when you told me that story about your mom and how she would make you the most amazing apple pies whenever you had a special occasion?”
Some days, he even managed to convince himself that he believed the bullshit he fed himself.
“I know, Dean.” Jack’s sudden smile was like opening a door to be bathed in the pure white stillness of morning light after a fresh snowfall; radiant. “Take care of him.”
Dean trimmed his scruff but didn’t go full cleanly shaven because he knew that he looked best that way, and not at all because Cas had made a comment once about liking a bit of stubble on a guy. He neatened his hair but didn’t go too heavy on the product, thinking with a nearly painful jab of nerves that if Cas got his fingers into it, he didn’t want the guy getting his hands all mucked up with styling paste.
It was savoury and flavourful on his tongue, a pleasant heat chasing it down his throat as he chewed and swallowed. The beans didn’t taste too overtly healthy, and the potato was starchy and a little sweet, and the bite was annoyingly well received by his howling stomach.
He recounted all of this in the middle of the kitchen where he had poofed in just as Dean was on his third cup of coffee. The spoon that he had poised to shovel in another mouthful of cereal landed back into the bowl with a milky splash. Sam, sweaty and startled, froze in the middle of throwing a handful of spinach into his smoothie blender for his post-run breakfast.
He was wearing short salmon pink cutoffs with threads dangling against the tanned skin of his thighs, topped with a teal- and white-striped tank top. He had on Birkenstock sandals, the staple of every hipster in the city, and a pair of mirrored Oakleys were shoved back into his longish sandy hair.
On a quick break between work orders on his last day before the holidays, Dean pulled off his filthy gloves, grimacing at how his hands still ended up a mess despite them. He snagged a rag to wipe them mostly clean before taking out his phone.
Sitting down next to him, Dean wanted so badly to lean into him, his warmth, his quiet strength, to hear Cas tell him that it was going to be ok, that they’d figure this out together and that everything was going to be alright.
Cas was grasping at straws and he knew it. Was it possible that there was another explanation? Yes, of course it was possible. But was it probable? There were just too many individual moments that collectively added up to a whole lot of circumstantial evidence. How Dean had always managed to FaceTime Sam when Cas wasn’t around, Dean’s evasiveness about Christmas and spring break back with his family, how squirrely Dean would get whenever Cas had brought up things they could do with Sam once he’d arrived.
Except he had forgotten one critical thing. Cas worked in a hospital and wasn’t fazed one bit by Dean’s made up symptoms. Not even two hours after Dean had fake-coughed and sniffled his way through their brief doorway encounter, Cas showed up again.
other than letting his grief consume him like he had, Sam might have talked to him sooner.
Donna had popped in for a couple of days. She was ostensibly on her way to some vaguely described event, but Dean was pretty sure she was just checking up on them, probably at Jody’s request. She had parked herself at a library table with her laptop after breakfast, so she had a front row seat to Sam’s antics as he clutched at his chest, staggering over to a chair before throwing himself into it with the back of his hand to his forehead.
“No,” Cas said reflexively. “Maybe…maybe Sam’s not comfortable with Dean being with me or something.”
All that mattered was the gradual easing of both of their bodies, relaxing in towards each other by fractions of millimetres until they were no longer two people side-by-side under a blanket, but an entity unto itself. They were cocooned and warm, safe and peaceful, under a sky impossibly bright with stars.
Cas’ narrowed eyes at the book maneuver softened at the mention of Dean’s little brother. “I’ll miss you while you’re gone but Sam’s going to be ecstatic to have you all to himself for a week.”
That option made his eyes sting and his chest ache, because that was pretty much his worst nightmare: life without Cas.
Dean drifted along behind him, quietly impressed. The floors looked like they might be the original hardwood, probably preserved under hideous carpets for decades, now sanded and gleaming under a coat of varnish. The walls were all a light grey that made the most of the buttery sunlight, and the kitchen was bright, another wooden door at the far end propped open to let some air in through the light screen door that he just knew would make the same springy
The loss of Dean’s fingers against his wrist as he sat back in the chair next to the bed was disappointing, but the grim expression that took over Dean’s face was worse.
, a lot—by the time he topped the stairs and he staggered straight back to the kitchen to unceremoniously dump his haul on the floor.
The second bedroom was a cursory stop, Gabe pointing out the deep linen closet next to it as they looped back towards the front door, stepping into a long, narrow living room across from the main bedroom.
Dean couldn’t argue that it seemed to be working well enough for him, though. Courtesy of no sugar or processed carbs for a month, Sam was leaner than he’d been since his last growth spurt at seventeen, but his face seemed softer, less pained than it had been in the early days. He even smiled at Dean’s jokes most of the time, but it was still a challenge to coax a laugh out of him.
Cas smiled down at him. Decades of practice had made the expression a natural one for him now.
? You think…No,” he waved his open palms towards Sam in a negatory motion, heedless of the cup still looped around a finger by its handle. “No, that’s…that’s
Dean cut him off. “It wasn’t Billie. It was Chuck.”
Dean nodded and gestured at the closet that was nearly hidden behind the room’s door. “There’s a huge closet so you should be ok, and I even stuck a little dresser in there for your big-boy Spiderman underwear and stuff.”
“He made a deal to save you,” Dean said bluntly. “He traded his life for yours, but no way he would have gone back there otherwise.”
Oddly enough, instead of arguing with him, Sam smiled a little. “It’s nice to see you proceeding with caution for once.”
Dean was still chuckling drunkenly when Sam finished cleaning his brother’s busted knuckles and slapped a fresh washcloth into his hand.
He put that distasteful thought out of his head as best he could, replacing it with thoughts of Cas instead. The distraction worked like a charm.
I seriously can't believe how well you read my mind; this was even the side that I had pictured Dean sitting on!
“I hope that’s all his crap that you’re packing up right now.”
Dean might be off kilter but even he knew a dismissal when he heard one.
some people, if you catch my drift.”
Dean poked at the saltshaker between them, inadvertently pushing too hard and knocking it over into the pepper grinder. He righted it with a muttered curse, splaying his anxious hands over his thighs instead, digging his fingers in to help him focus.
“Dean?”
Much to Dean’s surprise, it was. “Oh...”
Groaning his way to a seated position was bad enough, but if he was going to hurl, he would need to make it to the sink. The transition to standing brought on the pounding of a truly spectacular headache courtesy of the increase in blood pressure.
Figuring a good way to get a reaction out of something that enjoyed utter silence, he smirked a little to himself and yelled, “
“Yeah, you weirdo. I “reciprocate” your “interest”.” He used air quotes like he’d seen Cas do before, and the way Cas’ eyes lit with amusement even before his lips curved up was
“Sammy!” he called as soon as he’d closed the door behind him.
Finally,
Taking a second to admire the peaceful view over the lake, Cas’ face, the way his hand fit with Dean’s, Dean then closed his eyes and tipped his head back. The quiet sound of Cas’ breathing and the splashing of fish jumping further out in the lake were the perfect background noises to the bone-deep feeling of peace that had started to fill up all the holes in his soul that he had carried for so long.
(can NOT say enough good things!), who captured the intimacy and quiet calm of that moment and even made it into a stunning title card for this fic. Thank you <3
Tipping the beer back, he grinned wryly and toasted the ceiling. “Cool features, Jack.”
dishonour them by throwing my goddamn life away, and let me tell you, Dean, unless you get your shit together, what Cas did, saving you like that? It’ll all have been for nothing.”
Sam’s voice rang out into the silence, stunned, disbelieving. “This can’t be happening.”
“But—”
Dean tried to think of everything he usually did when shit went sideways and losing himself at the bottom of a bottle was top of the list. Cutting out the heavy stuff was as good a place as any to start, he figured, and he’d try to work on the rest as it came up.
“Wha—?” he started to say as he craned his head around, only to see Cas standing a little ways off, barely visible in the deepening shadows under the tree.
of this is satisfying.”
a morning person. Dean had spent the last hour playing around in his new kitchen while working his way through his own enormous mug of go-go juice.
Dean forced a cup of scalding coffee down his throat with a few bites of jerky, tossing handfuls of drinks and snacks into the passenger seat for later. He popped back in one last time to snag another coffee for the road, keeping a wary eye on the spot where the missing employee had probably been standing, like they might poof back into existence if he wasn’t watching carefully. He shoved a few bills under the edge of the cash register; no sense accumulating any more bad karma than he already had.
“Of course I don’t!” his brother nearly shouted. He visibly struggled for a moment, pushing his fingers roughly back through his hair before looking at Dean. “I’m so sorry that some dumb comment I made had you thinking that I wouldn’t be ok with you being with a guy, but I really wish that you’d have said something,
Cas was special. He wasn’t like anyone Dean had met before; there was no coyness to him, no bluster or posing. He was blunt and open, quiet and casual, and endlessly fascinating because of it. And no matter how many times over the past few weeks Dean had fantasized about, well, pretty much everything he could think of to do with Cas, he didn’t want to risk what he had on the vague possibility that Cas could be into him, too.
“That’s—”
Dean shook his head, slitting his eyes at his brother. “Oh, low blow,
The building was definitely dated with its curly, old-fashioned, grey metal railings with a powdery finish and long-out-of-fashion window awnings, but the sun was shining warmly on it that morning as Dean parked next to the backyard that ran along a one-way street. He could hear kids playing in a nearby park, and there were people out walking their dogs and it was everything that his previous places hadn’t been.
“Hey,” he said quietly, eyes flicking from Gabriel to Cas still huddled on the floor. “Can we— can we talk?”
That was the key of his
Gabriel groaned, sprawled out half on an oversized bean bag chair and half on the carpet at their feet. “Oh god, here we go.”
Cas twisted around to move closer, his eyes practically glowing in the dim light from the home screen on the TV.
“Amazing.” Dean interrupted hurriedly. He pressed a kiss to Cas’ crinkled nose, his voice losing its teasing lilt as he pulled back to meet that incredible gaze.
“Clean yourself up,” Sam ordered him, starting to pack supplies back into the first aid kit, dug out for the first time in weeks; a new record for them.
“Ok,” he said again finally. “What the hell happened out there?”
The empty wardrobe in the bedroom had just been waiting for Cas to decide what he wanted before it filled up with casual pants and dark jeans, interspersed with neatly pressed t-shirts (some of them Dean's) and a variety of hoodies.
“He came in early to surprise Dean,” Cas went on, crossing his arms and staring down contemplatively at his bare feet, wriggling his toes against the rug. “But when Dean heard him, he came running out of the bathroom like his tail was on fire and hustled me out of there without even introducing me to Sam. He…kept apologizing; said he’d explain everything later. It’s weird, though. Sam called me the landlord and it was like he didn’t even know—”
After two moves in the last two years to get away from some spectacularly bad living situations, as long as this new guy was respectful of the basic unspoken rules of communal living, Dean couldn’t give less of a shit.
“Oh, good, look who’s decided to get with the program.” But despite his sarcastic words, Dean couldn’t help grinning in sheer relief. “Wakey wakey, sunshine.”
“C’mon,” he whispered fiercely. “C’mon,
He was only marginally successful.
Jack didn’t answer his phone, and when Dean pulled up at the library, the car Jack had borrowed, like the kid himself, was nowhere to be found.
After Dean had demolished two helpings to Gabriel’s three and Cas’ one, Dean insisted on helping to clean up. It felt a bit surreal, how quickly they had established a routine, Dean taking up his post at the sink to do the dishes in deference to Cas having cooked, Gabe scooting off to the living room to ostensibly “set up”, which really just involved him getting comfortable in his preferred spot and waiting for the others to join him.
It felt like every muscle Dean had was bruised and aching by the time he hauled himself out of the car back in the bunker’s garage. Even his scalp was tender when he ran a hand through his hair, the roots nearly groaning with discomfort.
Encouraged, Dean kept talking. “I don’t know what I can say to convince you that it’s really me, and I know that totally sounds like something a fake me would say to trick you, but fuck, Cas, I’m here, I’m really here.”
So, one night, he did.
Bobby’s brown eyes crinkled at the corners as he looked Dean over. “You’re a little earlier than expected, but I can’t say it isn’t good to see you.”
Fortunately, Sam was well versed in Dean Winchester emotional constipation.
His brother poked his head out of his bedroom curiously. “Yeah?”
Like someone cut his strings, Cas couldn’t stand up one second longer. His butt hit the floor a little harder than he’d planned, but at least the jolt of pain was tangible. He sucked in a steadying breath and then another, pulling his knees protectively up towards the gaping crater in his chest.
A few weeks after Dean’s discovery that plain black tea steeped hard and long was actually a pretty good alternative to the heartburn-inducing quantities of coffee he’d been consuming, he decided to make Sam’s year by agreeing to go running with him.
“I don’t get it, though,” Dean mused, tracing his gaze along the ducting on the ceiling while tapping a nail thoughtfully on the rim of the mug. “I know we’re not big on telling people that we love them every other second, but I knew that he loved us, loved me. And before that…all that other stuff he said. Why would that have made him so happy?”
The more he saw, the more puzzled Dean became. The rent he had seen on the ad would have been more than fair with nothing else included, but considering that the place came with an indoor parking spot and appliances, too… He couldn’t wrap his head around it and kept cautioning himself not to get too excited.
With a gesture towards the hallway just beyond his room, Cas tried to order his thoughts, hoping that explaining what had happened to a third party might help him make some sense out of it.
“Dean, I’m not coming back home.”
He sure hoped his little brother had one hell of a clear vision of where to go from here despite losing Eileen, because he was so lost in the dark he wasn’t sure he’d find his way out again.
The next moment came a few months later. Sam, who had thrown himself into processing his grief with the intensity he had formerly reserved for researching monsters, had been making progress of his own on an entirely different project; re-establishing contact with the extended hunter network.
Dust clouds silently rise in the air and the metal banging sounds still echo in my ears. The book weighs heavily under my arm and it seems to be pulsing with dull energy when I run my fingers over the golden engraved leather binding. My coat spreads out as I crouch down to place the massive book on the ground and hurriedly open it. There is gold inlaid on the pages' borders depicting a shimmering pattern - it strains and fades as I flip through the pages.
My fingers linger on one of the last pages. This is the spell. The one Camael used. The one that combines all of the book's seals into a single one and requires the sacrifice of a human life, blood, body and soul included. I search through the Enochian scriptures, my Grace freezing in my veins. I remember Camael's fist dripping with blood, hundreds of sacrificed souls escaping from his hand crushing the lifeless bodies...
I step out of the office and run down the endless corridor, knocking over Angels, Reapers and Cherubs on the way. I finally reach Zachariah's office and almost rip the door off its hinges as I smash it open.
I put down the cup on the coffee table with a clicking sound, and stare at the Angels.
"Because I could."
"I have used this ability in our mission by positioning one of my proteges next to each of the seals under my responsibility. This gives me insight and no demon can come close to one of them without my knowledge. They are my eyes and ears."
I disappear in a furious flapping of wings.
He finally meets my eyes hesitantly, tightening his wings behind his back. And the uneasiness in the three crimson orbs of his true face suddenly strikes me - how did I not see it earlier? Uriel is supposed to be my closest brother, the one I thought I knew the most...
High above the house towers Balthazar's radiant figure, gigantic and invisible to human eyes. His Grace flows like a waterfall of liquid light, and his face is so high, so far away, that I barely catch him winking at me.
"Aw." Balthazar's voice is laced with sarcasm. "Isn't she cute."
Alastair was captured on my initiative alone, and clearly it went against Uriel's plans. Plans that I fail to understand. Uriel made no secret of the fact that he dislikes the Winchesters and despises the human species in our charge, but why would he team up with demons? Uriel hates demons far more than he hates Humans, so why...?
, he decides.
I have no idea what were those things he left me with, but I never ran away faster in my whole life. Good thing those monsters may be strong and fast, but they're also dumb as fuck.
"Shut your eyes!" she says, struggling to rise to her feet again.
I am faced with a
"Don't waste your energy!" he shouts to cover the constant roaring of Humans screaming, demons laughing and Angels yelling spells in Enochian. "As long as Lucifer has Death in his control, none of his followers will die! Just send the vermin back to Hell to slow down the invasion, and wait for the signal to destroy it all!"
The moving blade causes the demon to stop and grunt in pain and anger, but obviously it's not enough. He reaches up and plucks the blade out of his body, glowering at me.
"This is no laughing matter, Balthazar. I am the leader of the Garrison, and it is my responsibility to speak to the righteous man."
It’s over.
Millions of years of obedience, submission and blind trust can't be undone in just two decades. Her disapproval fills me with irrational shame.
"Do you even realize that plants and trees are sensitive, subtle and complex living beings? Our work is
"Cas?" Levanael whispers to me.
I remember walls of blazing fire, falling ash, the smell of death and massive explosions blasting away all life from the ground. Uriel almost single-handedly destroyed Sodom – all we did was assist him, really. Also, his power devastated a large portion of this continent during the last Apocalypse. Though not comparable to an Archangel, Uriel is probably the most lethal Angel in Heaven.
My mission will be completed soon. The original fragments are getting rare and scattered among the ones I altered or created. I erase a dozen more, trying to keep my distances so I won’t be thrown into a whirlwind of images, sounds and smells.
"Some accomplishment here. And until then, I'm on insemination duty like a common bull."
We all look up on alert. At last some news of the undercover mission that started hours ago. Anna glances at Michael and gets a nod from the Archangel. The look in our General's eyes hardens with cold determination as her voice rings like a bell.
"Okay, well we already know who she is," says Sam. "so if we work together –"
"It reeks of sulfur" Uriel snarls.
I share a long look with Dean, trying and failing to stifle back my compassion. When he averts his eyes, I turn myself invisible and gaze for a moment longer at the life the Winchester brothers have preserved.
"One last thing: as you already know, except to deal with a few inside details, we haven't been receiving orders directly for millennia. You will be required to receive Revelations to stay up to date on the Will of Heaven - you will be notified whenever necessary."
It took perhaps a dozen more rounds of breathing while tapping out the steady four beat rhythm against his knee before he didn’t feel like he was smothering in his own body anymore. The shaking took longer to subside. But it did, like it always did, and he roughly scrubbed at his damp face. Sweat: most definitely; tears:
As far as he could tell, he was still in heaven. But if he was in heaven and Dean was still here with him…
I would like to thank cottoncandyofterror for their stunning comic depicting Cas in the Empty that inspired this chapter. This was actually the first chapter I wrote for this fic, and built the rest of the story up around it, so thank you thank you thank you; I wouldn't have written this fic without your art to get the ball rolling!
“You know, I was surprised how big this room is, considering how small rooms tend to be in these older places,” he said as he settled onto the sofa next to Cas.
Rolling his eyes, Cas then smirked down at him. “You just want me around so you can have your way with me whenever you want.”
-ness of the gesture yanked hard on Dean’s heartstrings. “So, you think he would choose…to be here instead?”
As Bobby would have said with great feeling:
“That’s my name, don’t wear it out. Did you miss m—
“The sirens, you sweet summer child. We’re a couple of blocks away from a hospital. Cassie works there as an occupational therapist, so the location’s convenient for him, plus the guy could sleep through a nuclear attack so the sirens have never been an issue for him.”
, Jack. He never deserved the life he got, and I just…I don’t want him to be alone.”
; Sam had
Sam seemed alright with the arrangement, contenting himself with sending increasingly grumpy texts as he headed back to school after the Christmas holidays.
When Cas didn’t reply Gabe pressed on. “He told me about a misunderstanding that explains a lot about why Dean acted the way he did.”
Each thing Gabriel said landed like punches straight to Dean’s chest. Rubbing at his aching sternum, he swallowed the urge to vomit, looking back towards Cas’ empty room. “Did he—did he say anything before he left?” Forcing his mouth to shape the words. “Is he…coming back?
“I know. I’m sorry.” It wasn’t enough; it would never be enough. But it was all Dean had to offer.
Already sprawled out on Dean’s couch like he belonged there, all lanky limbs and angles, Sam narrowed his eyes. “Your landlord seems…weird.”
, Sammy. Or do I need to remind you which one of us ended up with his hand superglued to the remote?”
“I know it’s been a while since Eileen, but are you seeing anyone?”
I heard this song and immediately pictured it playing during Dean's awful, agonizingly slow death scene. Because my brain hates me apparently, I also ended up with the idea of Dean picturing Cas standing off behind Sam as a way to comfort himself in his final minutes. The guy had to be scared, right? Anyways, that set off the waterworks and I just BAWLED while I wrote out that part of Dean and Cas' talk in this chapter. There was originally more, but it was starting to drag so I reluctantly trimmed it back to try and improve the flow. But yeah...good luck listening to that song during the scene and if you manage to finish it without crying then I'd really like to know your secret!
“Answer the question.”
“I think that this is one of those times.”
He knew he was going to have to face Sam and Jack eventually, and that neither one would buy his everything-is-fine shtick after his little freak-out. But let it not be said that Dean Winchester would give up such a tried-and-true routine without a fight, which was exactly why he washed his face, brushed his teeth, and got dressed, boots ‘n all, and followed his nose to the kitchen as if it was any other random weekday.
“I know, right?
Choking on his own emotions, Sam nodded jerkily. “I know. Me too. You’ve been the best brother anyone could have ever asked for. You deserve some happiness of your own now, though, ok?”
Ruler-straight shoulders relaxing a little under Dean’s bicep and forearm, Cas turned his head slightly towards Dean and gave a tiny nod that in Cas-speak was the equivalent of a resounding yes.
Sam had been watching him this whole time, Dean realized, when he finally caught his brother’s gaze, holding it like a lifeline.
He wasn’t expecting a full Sam Winchester eye roll from Cas, but he got one anyways. “Of course. Knowing you and Sam will have each other will be enough for me for now.”
“I see.”
The damn kid looked like he was about to start tearing up by the time he finished talking, so Gabe gestured him inside. “Ok! Ok, no need to get all emotional about it, jeez.”
The laugh bubbled up unexpectedly from the warm and oh-so-soft spot Dean had grown in his chest for Cas and the panic started to subside.
After finally ending their hug to end all hugs, they had—a bit awkwardly—mopped themselves up, exchanging a few tentative looks and little self-conscious grins, and then Dean had dragged Cas along with him on an exploratory tour of the house that Jack had built him; he wasn’t going to let that damn angel out of his sight for a good long while.
“This apartment?” Dean asked, immediately distracted by how bright the place was despite the smallish rooms. Benefits to a corner unit he surmised, noting that the hallway ran from the front of the apartment—where an old-fashioned half glass door looked like it led out onto a front balcony—to the bathroom at the back end.
not cool.”
The dawning realization he was experiencing was mirroring the disappointed grimace forming on Gabriel’s face.
Dean grinned. “Yep, turns out she was more than willing to see if Sam missed her as much as I missed you.”
words, remembered from years ago. “Thanks.”
“Whoa, whoa, hold up a sec. Bobby said Cas isn’t here.”
Speaking of his brother…
Sam hated this, hated having to try to be Dean’s voice of reason, but
Dean shuddered. “Dude. That was
The relentless self-flagellation that was riding him ever harder had finally started to eat into his dreams, tormenting him with images of Cas slipping away from him night after night. It didn’t matter how he tried to play it out; if he ended things preemptively, he lost Cas. If he waited until Sam showed up, he would lose Cas.
Worried that he was being a pushy dick, Dean opened his mouth with absolutely no idea of how to discuss this touchy-feely kind of stuff with another dude. Except that when he turned towards Cas, the guy's eyes were gently closed, chin lifted a bit to get the full warmth of the fire on his face. He was very nearly glowing with pleasure despite his stiff posture, and Dean instantly shut his piehole before he could ruin the moment.
Laughing as he instinctively batted the towel away, Castiel went over to the table as Dean pulled a couple of cold beers out of the fridge and settled them down. “Sorry, but I had to. The look on your face!”
the only person who lost someone they loved, Dean. I lost Cas, too, you know. And then the whole thing with Jack... And Eileen is gone, and everything I had started thinking I might actually get to have disappeared along with her.
He most definitely did
Sam’s head was cocked to one side and he had an odd expression on his face that Cas couldn’t quite place. “Is Dean…here?”
It didn’t take Dean long to figure out what he had to do. He’d realized somewhere around the 1am mark that he’d made a giant mistake in letting Cas out of his sight. With the realization came a sense of peace so sudden and so profound that it shook everything into place, all of his puzzle pieces finally landing in the right spots.
“Thanks, Bobby,” he said, clapping the older man on the shoulder, nerves starting to jangle as he cleaned up and headed for his car. By the time he parked and got himself up the stairs to his apartment, he was about two seconds away from a nervous breakdown.
couldn’t help himself with the sass, could he? “You made a deal with an angel and then took him in his happiest moment.”
But they were far removed from those days, and Dean’s own hurt was a yawning chasm in his chest, and he knew there was nothing,
In the periphery of his gaze he could see Dean wiping at his face, pushing slowly to his feet. He didn’t leave though. He hovered, the angle of his body suggesting that he was looking down at Cas. His hand twitched like he wanted to reach out. Even if it meant he was pathetic, Cas wished he would. How could everything be over so quickly? A couple of hours earlier they had been lying on Dean’s kitchen floor—
The scratchy sound of plastic vibrating on raw concrete for the eight millionth time was what finally brought him around, decades of conditioning overriding his stunned grief.
“Hi,” he said, sticking his hand out. “I’m Sam, and you must be Cas’ brother Gabriel.”
His conflicted realization of “Oh fuck, that’s so hot,” was at least tempered by the sensorial feast he was surrounded by, so he stowed his existential crisis for another time and bellied up to the bar. It didn’t take long for a tall blond guy with a deep tan and tousled surfer-style hair to meet his eye and tilt his head questioningly to the empty space next to him.
“Shut up, you said it smelled good.” Giving it a stir, Sam cranked up the heat under the pot of rice next to it. “Give it a try, at least—oh, don’t make that face. God, you’re such a child!”
A flash of impatience crossed Sam’s face, but he didn’t fall for Gabe’s baiting. “Look, I’m sure you’re pissed with Dean for what he did, but I feel like this is sort of my fault and…I don’t know, I just need to try and do something here, ok?”
“Yeah, well, whatever he is, far as I’m concerned he’s still family and he’d better get his—”
When the latch caught, it was swiftly followed by the clunk of the lock engaging and the clatter of the chain deadbolt being thrown.
He remembered the anguished look on Sam’s face outside Eileen’s place, the way he had shaken his head, fighting off the devastation (
He hesitated in the doorway as Gabriel pointedly cleared his throat.
Or the next, where Anna had wisely made her exit and Dean was looking right back at Cas, his whole face soft, lit up with wonder and affection.
“I was trying to show him some photos of Bruce, but he kept swiping and he saw a picture from your Christmas party of me and Anna, and he just assumed that was my girlfriend and…I didn’t correct him. So when he showed up here today, he had no idea why my landlord was hanging out in my living room, because to him that’s what you are. He doesn’t know about you…he doesn’t know we’re together.”
Dean held open the other half of a fleece throw that had conveniently appeared when he sat down by the fire he hadn’t had to build. There were times for the satisfaction of building your own fire, and then there were times when you just needed one
He had been so careful not to out himself. He was pretty sure that John wouldn’t do anything drastic like kick him out or disown him, but he’d heard enough horror stories that he didn’t want to ever test the supposed unconditional nature of his father’s love for him. To be fair, he’d also never expected that when he finally caught feelings for someone that that someone would be another guy, so he hadn’t ever really put a whole lot of thought into how he would handle that situation. He reasoned that this with Cas was still really new, that it could go tits up at any moment, so it wasn’t necessary to worry about how he’d handle things with his family if their relationship got serious.
No one answered him. The bright glow of early morning sunlight gave enough illumination for him to see that, unusually, both Gabe and Cas’ bedroom doors were open.
Anybody home?”
A pause, like it was trying to figure out his angle. “…Yes.”
The strains of a perky little ringtone started tinkling from Sam’s pocket. They both stiffened and turned to catch each other’s eye.
Thoughtfully, Jack looked off towards the Impala in the driveway and the road beyond it. “So you want to go back?” He looked back at Cas, then at Dean. “I swore I wouldn’t interfere like Chuck did. You told me how important that was, to let humanity be free.”
The long field-lined road dragged on and on under the Accord’s wheels, Dean’s stomach twisting and tugging with every farm he passed. The drive would have been miserable either way, but having to do it on a relatively warm—for Canada—spring(ish) kind of day without the luxury of his Baby just made it worse, but there was still a couple of weeks to get through before he could make the switch.
“Hi!” he blurted finally, sticking out his hand. At least some part of his brain was still functioning. “Dean. I'm Dean.”
“Oh, yeah?” Too aggrieved to panic at the line of questioning, Dean shuffled down the hall toward the kitchen. He needed to keep busy, keep moving if he was going to have any hope of holding it together in front of Sam; there was always something to fiddle with in the kitchen.
Nodding thoughtfully, Jack watched squirrels racing through the yard. Sadie grumbled at their nerve but didn’t chase.
“Sorry, sorry.” He cleared his throat, forcing himself to look up at Cas. He was trying mightily to seem impassive, but the anxious flick of his eyes over Dean’s face gave him away.
Picking at a fraying spot on his jeans, Dean wouldn’t meet his eyes. “I died.”
Cheeks flushing red with his own mounting anger, Sam stared at him incredulously. “What the hell are you talking about?”
“Hey, kid…”
me?” he shouted at the sky, pointedly ignoring the irony of looking heavenward in, well, heaven. “Jack?
“What? No!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What exactly am I supposed to do with that information, Gabriel?”
really
Practically shaking in his boots, he decisively told his lifelong, soul-deep horror of rejection to fuck off, and brought his hands up to Cas’ face. Cas didn’t move, didn’t breathe, and looked as terrified as Dean felt.
He had started off this conversation with a destination in mind, and instead he was off on an unexpected side trip, ranting away at Cas whose worst crime was, what? Being selfless and loving the dumpster fire on wheels that was Dean Winchester?
He didn’t cross a single living thing the entire way.
“How much did you hear?”
goddamn tears; there would be time for that later. Sam and Jack’s combined gazes were weighty; they had probably already guessed, but needed to hear it from him.
“Are you
“Can you think of anywhere else you’d like me to do that?” she teased, tilting her head back to look at him with bright eyes as she started to lower herself to her knees.
She came on strong, which Dean had always liked. He made sure he didn’t ditch Sammy, though, playing through a few more rounds of darts and a couple of pool games with no intent to hustle anything this close to home. After a while Sam ended up in a friendly competition with a few locals, and Dean eased off to the sidelines much to the delight of the blonde who introduced herself as Alice.
He wanted to hide behind his hands, just cover his eyes like a little kid in the hopes that if he couldn’t see himself saying all this to Cas’ stricken reflection, tears running silently and unchecked down his cheeks, that it wasn’t really happening.
Which was why he did the dumbest thing he’d probably ever done, which was saying something because there’d been a
“Don’t cry,” he said quietly, surprised by how easy it was to comfort Cas, to touch him gently the way Dean himself had always wanted to be touched. If that made him the chick in this scenario…well, he had certainly survived being called worse.
to take in.
The drive to work wasn’t a long one, but he hauled out the same ideas he’d been turning over in his head for months now for review anyways. They were practically ragged from overthinking, aching in a dull yet familiar way like a tongue that just kept prodding at a sore tooth. They were also all terrible plans, assuredly destined to fail spectacularly.
Dean felt his eyes roll back in his head a little. “Oh, my god, you are the
“I don’t understand.”
Being with Cas was bright and silly and sexy and fun, more fun than Dean could remember having had in years. But Sam thought two men together was something disgusting, so Dean had learned to make plenty of noise about the women he hooked up with, making sure to publicize any dates he went on. He took cute selfies with them and sent them to Sam, and kept any same-sex parts of his life pathologically private.
Dean limited himself to a pair of beers easily enough while they played a few rounds of darts, but the blonde with a bangin’ bod taking shots at the bar with a friend was a bit more of a challenge to resist.
Everything he needed was in the bag, minus his toiletries. Nodding to himself, Castiel zipped it shut and turned to face Gabriel.
“Yeah, Bobby called him last week and was bugging him about coming to stay with him for a few months to see if he liked the area.”
Cas was quiet for a bit, but he didn’t pull his hand away. Instead, he turned to look out over the deck towards the trees with Dean.
“It’s none of his goddamn business who I fuck, anyways,” he said hotly.
That familiar call to duty was what finally got him to his feet, joints popping and clicking in protest. Sitting on cold concrete for who knew how long hadn’t done his battered forty-
“That’s right. He’s resting peacefully in the Empty, Dean, you know that.”
your deal, Cas.” Dean knocked his hand away. “Unless you look me in the eye and tell me in a way that I’ll actually believe that you
Dean had been the one to find the fire pit and decided that while muggy summer nights were great and all, what he really wanted right now was the sharp chill air of a late fall evening complete with a roaring fire. And, like a teenager giddy with his first crush, he wanted any excuse to see if Cas would let him get close again.
Cas wanted to answer him, he really did, but the sheer force of will that was holding him together was shredding faster than wet tissue paper and if he opened his mouth the least little bit he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from begging.
Settling into Cas’ chair, Jack spent a moment scratching Sadie as she spun around in delighted circles, barking up a storm. “Nice to see you, too,” he said to her, and she barked a final time in response before trotting back to her usual spot by Dean and settling down with a bone.
“As I was saying…Cas is a bit of an exceptional case. He’s an angel who has relinquished his grace. There isn’t really a place in the natural order nor in heaven for a being like him.”
He had gone the whole visit so far without once slipping up, playing coy anytime John or Sam mentioned Cassie, deflecting questions like pucks bouncing off of a goalie’s pads.
loved him.
“Cas is gone.”
My final musical inspiration for this chapter:
“Only if it’s Coors Light,” Castiel said, straight-faced.
“Did Dean tell you what happened?” Sam asked suddenly, turning a bit more towards Gabriel, startling him mid-sip.
Sam hadn’t said anything when Dean moved his private bedroom stash to the kitchen booze cupboard and switched out his usual evening whiskey or three for a coffee. Lots of coffee. But when they ran out of coffee ahead of a scheduled grocery run, the wattage of Sam’s triumphant grin when Dean grudgingly (and not at all desperately) asked how long “you hippy leaf-lovers” let tea steep could have powered a small city for a week.
Cas flung up a hand in a stay-back motion as he edged around his brother towards the door. “No...no, no hugging. If you hug me right now I’ll—I need to stay focused for the drive.”
“What the heck are you feeding him?” he asked his father incredulously, Sam grinning proudly, nearly bouncing on the balls of his feet.
“Castiel…”
Sam blew a frustrated breath upwards, shaking his head. “Dean, come on, are you really going to pretend like you didn’t suspect?”
“Chocolate-dipped bacon roses,” he said. “You don’t really strike me as the flower type.”
And here we are folks; the end of my little love-letter to Dean and Cas. I hope you enjoyed!
Gabe’s silence solidified.
Without really thinking it through, Dean winked at him and said, “Tryin’ to butter me up for something here, Cas?”
“Gabe,” he managed to say and, to his brother’s credit, he cut himself off mid-rant to come and plop down cross-legged next to him. Cas reached out and grabbed onto Gabe’s jeans-clad knee, fingers digging in. He was probably hurting him, but he didn’t say a word.
Dean opened the door and slid out, seeming to shed a decade in that moment alone. His face when he popped it back down to peer in through the window looked happy, young and boyishly excited in a way Sam couldn’t ever remember seeing before.
Cas shook his head, his mouth already full with more bacon. Dean just laughed.
Never one to tiptoe through the tulips when he could trample straight on through, he turned around to confirm that, yep, he was entirely sheathed in impenetrable blackness. He couldn’t even see his own hand in front of him.
Dean grabbed at him again, yanked him over onto his back and stuck his face in Cas’ line of vision, worry warring with the relief he felt at the sight of that old stoic expression. “What the hell are you— Hey! Look at me!”
Dean always did everything he could to suppress his memories of Hell, of the things he had done to the souls on his rack. But as the pressure of a unique kind of fury started to build inside him, he wished for that rack with all of his being. He wanted the Empty in some kind of physical form on it, longed for every tool he had ever used under Alistair’s tutelage. He wanted to dig and flay and wrench and burn until it understood the mistake it had made in thinking it could punish Cas. Cas, the warrior who had only ever wanted peace, who loved honeybees and cheeseburgers and who had died a little every time he had been forced to kill another angel. Cas, who loved Dean.
The worst part was that Dean had tried more than once to just tell him, to confess everything, desperate for relief from the grinding guilt. But every time he mustered his courage, managed to croak out a “Hey, Cas?”, and Cas looked at him with those incredible eyes, so open and trusting and warm, the stark terror of losing the privilege of being on the receiving end of that gaze paralyzed him. He’d usually end up making some offhand comment instead, steadfastly ignoring the disappointed little wrinkle Cas would get between his brows.
“No,” Dean murmured, going to get out of the car. Sam waved him off, picking his way across the sidewalk and easing into the passenger seat like his bones were made of glass.
“Is this…?”
He brushed ineffectually at some of the flour dusting his old Zeppelin t-shirt as he wrestled briefly with the tricky deadbolt. "Just a sec!"
Like most poor choices, it had started with good intentions. The older lady who owned the duplex next to Cas’ had adopted a puppy, a lanky little dude who hadn’t even started to grow into his big ears or even bigger paws yet.
Knowing that Castiel, seraph, former angel of the Lord made flesh,
Fighting--and losing--the battle with a bright blush, Dean ducked his head at the praise. “Glad you like it. It’s the homemade dough, makes all the difference.”
. Something about the mellow vibe of this song captured the sad but still hopeful feeling I was aiming for - let me know if it was successful!
“We should head back home,” he said, staring grimly off across the grocery store parking lot where a paper bag lay spilled halfway between a cart and the open trunk of a glossy white Civic, its puddle of melted pink ice cream already half dried by the sun. “There’s no one here for us to help, and all of our best chances at figuring out what to do next are there.”
Fuck yeah, that’s it, let me feel you—”
Castiel was funny as hell in an entirely unexpected way, all Sahara-dry comments with sneaky little hints of what Dean had a feeling was more than a passing familiarity with sarcasm. He didn’t hold back, easily countering Dean’s banter like he’d been doing it for years and dropping little tidbits about himself between questions about Dean’s life.
Cas started blushing for real, the deep red flush creeping up from the neckline of his shirt. He picked at the edges of the label with surgical precision, like getting it off in one piece was an absolute necessity. When he finally spoke, his tone was hesitant, and he tripped over his words in his rush to get them out in a way that was so unlike his usual thoughtful manner that Dean almost didn’t catch what he was saying.
Sam shook his head like that might clear it. “I don’t…I don’t get it. Are you…back?”
It was Gabe’s turn to snort. “He only set off the fire detectors twice in three hours.”
It was one of the many reasons why, despite his growing-by-leaps-and-bounds attraction to Cas, he tried to keep his crush in check. Although at least he now knew for certain that Cas was gay, Cas having mentioned it offhandedly the first time they’d hung out.
Tightening my grip around my blade, I’m keeping them at a distance as they pile up together in front of me. How many are they? Maybe thousands. Except for the Garrison, I only see about a dozen of Angels fighting. Why are there so few of us? We'd have to kill hundreds each to overcome this!
The orders were specific. The objective is to make Dean see that his brother is on the wrong track, so that he will be willing to get him back on the right path. Sam was not allowed to be present.
"Enough chattering," Anael says after a short silence. "We have work to do. Ephra, Yasen, you heard the Archangels. Orders are orders. Go resurrect the virtuous Humans immediately, I don’t care if you have to look for them through all Heaven, and fix the damages on the city. Camael, return to your post near Cain and tell me if the Human acts in suspicious ways. Don’t let him out of your sight for a single second. Everyone else, go back to your station. Levanael, you will be Castiel’s shadow for the day."
I blink when the Archangel's tiny vessel points at me with a careless thumb gesture. All eyes are on me.
"How can they doubt when they have seen with their own eyes the miracles he has accomplished?"
"You and Uriel put him in there!"
"… Hello," I finally answer, growing uncomfortable under all these stares.
I look away and walk faster, jaw clenched and staring stubbornly at the flowing stream.
"Yes, of course. I understand. It isn’t my place to question God’s will. But..."
"You okay, Dean?"
"How did you know?"
If there is a patrol spying on our conversation, or some Angel wondering why the General of the Garrison is on the Axis Mundi... Perhaps they're all already there listening... or am I being paranoid? My blood, charged with Grace, beats loudly in my ears.
"Uriel is merely supervising me until the Council votes on my ability to handle my role as General and Guardian. Eventually they will come to realize that I am not in a state of emotional turmoil, and they will restore me to my rightful place. I am the General, not Uriel. I would not be wasting my time with his useless orders if I knew how to capture Alastair. But I don't know what to do."
The radiant globe is slowly shrinking, leaving the river, the cemetery, the streets, to gradually narrow down to the funeral home where Dean's soul is stepping back from Alastair. Too focused on the righteous man, the demon is talking to him as he moves forward, oblivious to the energy aimed at him.
"I read Uriel's detailed mission failure report, and none of this would have happened if Castiel hadn't bothered to chat with Dean Winchester, leaving time for Anael to escape from us. Unlike Brap, I don't think Castiel is still loyal to Anael, but..." He points an accusing finger at me. "… he is clearly compromised and developing
"No." I unfurl my wings. "Stay close to the seal. That's an order."
I understand my brothers' anger. I find this multiplication of sacrifices inappropriate, considering the current fragile state of Creation. Noah, in particular, showed a very appalling lack of discernment by rushing out of the ark to slaughter the only animals still alive on Earth, shouting glory to the Lord. The next events only confirmed his idiocy: he cultivated vineyards for the sole purpose of getting inebriated, and exposed himself naked in front of his sons all the while yelling out God's praises.
"I’m being summoned again," I say with a shiver of anticipation. "I don't have much time left."
Now I understand why he's acting so angry. Chuck probably made the mistake of revealing to Dean a future that concerns his brother and the first demon created by Lucifer.
I can't stop the surge of affection in my voice.
"This is too much to ask, I know," I say as I walk to him. "But we
"If the Humans in Siosp's sector were to decide to build a tower, I'm willing to bet they would reach three hundred feet easily. Don't you think, Siosp?"
"Castiel? Is there anything I can-"
Levanael nods fervently. Balthazar merely rolls his eyes.
Zedekiel is the last to arrive, feathers all ruffled, and takes his place while muttering a lame apology.
"Fuck! This is all because of your stupid monkeys, Castiel!"
"Birth rate is increasing to eight children on average per female, half of which stay alive long enough to reproduce too. There are already millions of them, and at this pace there will be billions before we know it. They will eventually outnumber all of us combined."
I look back at Dean. I did rescue him from Hell, but I was forty years too late, and not only was he down there because of me, but I raised him out only to put him through even more painful things.
The right thing? I don't know what's right or wrong anymore.
A few seconds later we both arrive further in the north west where the sun is still shining bright but starting to set. So this is Miz’s sector. I have never seen it before.
Out of the corner of my eyes I can see Hester staring at me unblinkingly. But he averts his gaze when I look up, focusing his attention on a mountain instead as though that was the most fascinating thing he has ever seen.
I bite his skin a little harder and then draw up a wet line with my tongue until my lips wrap around his ear lobe. He does this thing again with his hips and I urge him to continue by pressing my hand firmer on his clammy back. I move with him and he's becoming more insistent. An angel of the Lord's rubbing against me like a hooker, holy shit, I can't believe it. Just thinking about it, I smirk and I let go of his ear lobe to kiss him again, but softly this time, to calm him down. Cas learns fast – he's kissing me slower now, with a tenderness that looks like devotion, and I shiver.
"We have no other choice now." Judging by the tone of his voice, Uriel is on edge. "Alastair didn't even flinch when I was torturing him, and he couldn't be the one to kill Levanael, he was trapped here. Someone else is killing our brothers and sisters, and we need to find out who and how. We need your righteous man at work before the whole Garrison gets slaughtered."
I follow her gaze. A portion of the terraces is occupied by about fifty Angels, including Zachariah who's staring at me with a displeased look on his face.
An explosion of light throws all of us backwards and I snap my wings open to rise above my brothers in arms. From up here, I see Michael scrambling back to his feet while Lucifer is walking towards the two Humans Raphael is protecting.
My favorite Paradise's warmth wraps me in light and children's distant laughter. Standing a few meters from me, the Human is staring up at his kite twirling in the sky, and there is innocent wonder brightening his face. This is the first time that I'm visiting this place in my new body. The trees, shrubs and benches seem much higher, more colorful and detailed than from above.
"I wonder how I ever expected anything else from you," I murmur, fighting back a smile.
"I really need to get some sleep," he mumbles, reaching out with a shaking hand to turn the television off.
"I made a serious mistake that got eight of my soldiers dead, a prisoner killed and Michael's sword endangered. I misjudged Uriel and put all my trust in him, it's entirely my fault that dozens of seals have been broken."
Uriel hasn't picked up his blade from the ground. What is he waiting for to kill me like he killed the others? Destroying my vessel and damaging my Grace won't make me change my mind, and he knows it.
Her voice vehemently echoes in our heads, and I can't think of anything to say. I lower my blade, confused. She's right. Since Camael's death and Gabriel's sudden and unexpected disappearance, our observation mission has been gradually abandoned, it has even become quite unusual for us to go down here. We have been transferred to other services for punctual and simple missions - such as sorting souls or managing human Paradises. I have wondered about this without ever daring to ask, the memory of the large-scale executions still seared in me.
I need to stay focused. I spread my wings and fly away in a fluid movement, extracting myself from this Paradise's peacefulness.
"I know how to turn a page. I was studying the dynamics of human emotions. It's very complicated."
At our feet, Judas bursts into tears as he promises Anna he will obey. Then he walks away with tears streaming down his face.
. That name... it means "God gives salvation", and I hope it bodes well for the future. This mission shouldn't last longer than a human lifespan, which is a few decades. Camael's unfortunate situation is only temporary. He will retrieve his Grace eventually and rejoin the Garrison once his mission is completed. Faith will spread to mankind and -
"The Mother of All worked hard to create this abomination that she calls a
"Why not persuade him more
I don’t know what to think.
Once again, he doesn't take the hint.
"Aww, Cassy, I get tingly all over when you take a bossy voice, you know."
"You're the General of the Insect Division, Rgoan?"
The night breeze ruffles her curls as she glares at me, ignoring the blade that threatens her.
Had we needed to talk directly to the Humans, we would have just ordered them to believe in the Lord and obey His Will – with no proof of His existence whatsoever. For that is what
“Stunning,” he added as a final burst of inspiration struck, sucking in a sharp breath when Cas’ hips pushed forward.
“Right, sorry. I don’t know how much Dean’s told you guys about our family, but he spent a lot of time taking care of me after our mom died. She was sick for a long time, and then once she died our dad never really got over it, you know?”
The half-angel baby that had somehow become his son was
The corners of those incredible eyes crinkled as Castiel offered a small smile. “It’s nice to finally meet you, Dean.”
The comment seemed to restore Cas’ usual chipper mood a little. He launched into an exhaustive recounting of the renovations he and Gabriel had done when Cas had first bought the place, which apparently included knocking down the walls between the tiny third bedroom and living room on both floors.
It was almost like someone else was operating the hand that came up and hooked around Cas’ waist, drawing him in until he was right up in Dean’s face, all ruffled hair and forehead wrinkles, sporting wide and worried blue eyes. Dean was such a sucker for those eyes; they made something under his skin light up with delight every time he found himself on the receiving end of one of Cas’ stares.
“It was a few years ago, but it’s not like I misunderstood you, kid.”
“So I’ve been giving it some thought, and I think I might have found a way to get to Cas.”
It sounded like such a simple concept, Dean thought, nodding along to Sam’s words and letting him ramble on about his other plans. It was good to see him excited about something. It also gave him a bit of prod to start thinking about that, too.
“Dean.” Sam’s voice sounded funny. Dean rocked his head over to frown at him.
“Hey,” he said soothingly, returning the embrace easily, more relieved than he’d ever admit to be able to turn his face into Cas’ neck and breathe in that fresh-air-and-ozone scent of him again. “It’s ok, we’re ok.”
“Sammy.”
“Patience, Dean. I never put out on the first date, but we can neck like horny teenagers later if you can keep your hands to yourself for the duration of the movie.”
When the nausea had abated somewhat, he slumped even further, letting his fingers run into his hair and
to me!”
. Now that they knew Jack was the new God, Sam wanted to strategize and make plans and mount a rescue mission to retrieve Cas from the clutches of the Empty… But Dean just...couldn’t.
Dean watched the interaction taking place, his brief surge of elation plummeting down rollercoaster-fast to despondency. Jack…wasn’t staying. Jack was leaving
“I…don’t know?” was the best answer Cas could muster, and he flung the stubborn shirt and hanger aside with a muttered curse.
The first aid kid bounced as Sam slammed the lid down.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Oh, come on, like I’d be unrolling a pride flag in front of you knowing how you feel about it?”
The only real option he could see was to throw himself on Cas’ mercy, confessing his multitude of sins and hoping that Cas’ seemingly infinite well of compassion would be enough to keep him from breaking up with Dean on the spot. Except then he would have to ask Cas to keep their relationship on the DL for a bit while he worked out how to handle things with Sam and their dad, which felt massively disingenuous and hypocritical. Cas had broken away from his own family to be able to live his life out and proud, and this felt like asking him if he’d mind hanging out back in the closet for an undetermined period of time while Dean dealt with the clusterfuck of his life.
The way Jack just blithely assumed Cas was ‘resting peacefully’ when he knew damn well Cas hadn’t exactly been a big fan of any of his previous experiences with it irked Dean.
He got a full grin for his comment. The sheer wattage of it, coupled with the royal blue button-down—top two buttons left open to show some skin and sleeves folded stylishly back—and
, I need to—
It felt like hours before Jack sighed. “I suppose an exception could be made. I don’t like the idea of Sam being alone either.”
Dean’s heart, already racing, stopped cold for a second before redoubling its efforts.
“Damn, Winchester,” Gabe said softly from beside him. An open beer was in one of his hands, a second in the other that was practically under Dean’s nose, and judging by the knowing look Gabe gave him, had been for a while. “Shut your mouth or you’re gonna get drool on the floor.”
“Oh, and Sam?”
Cas rolled his eyes. “For someone who claims to love Thai food as much as you do you should know this.”
together until now, which shocked Dean but seemed to amuse Cas to no end.
Cas had lobbed at him in the dungeon with absolutely no friggin’ time to react before it was too late.
“No! I didn’t…I didn’t mean like that, ok? He hasn’t ever had that normal life he’s always wanted, you know? I want that for him, for him to have his own life, but I couldn’t rest easy here for decades knowing that he’s down there all by himself.”
A snort. “No shit.”
An utterly humourless laugh broke free. “Yeah, well, that makes two of us.”
“It was a calculated risk,” Cas explained, “but two bedrooms is enough for a lot of people and having that extra window in the living room makes a huge difference.”
amenable, so amenable in fact, that he completely forgot to ask Cas what he’d thought of the movie until they were in the middle of peeling potatoes together the next day under Gabriel’s knowing gaze.
And that’s how it began again.
It didn’t help, and when Sam knocked on the door with an unusually concerned “Dean?” he knew he needed to pull himself together.
Dean closed his eyes briefly against the ache. Sam wasn’t wrong; he’d been pretty much permanently a grinning heart-eyes emoji since meeting Cas. The only thing that would have made it better, would have been if he could have been open about it with his brother. The worst part was that Cas and Sam were two peas in a pod in so many ways; smart as hell, curious, generous, empathetic, and total book nerds to boot. Cas knew so much already about Sam, knew how important he was to Dean; Cas deserved the same, for Sam to know how incredible he was, how good he was to Dean, how hard Dean was falling for him.
Gabriel pushed to his feet with a heavy sigh. “You really screwed the pooch on this one, you know that? I haven’t seen him like that before.” He gestured towards the kitchen. “I’m making coffee, and if you level with me about what the hell happened here, I won’t even spit in it.”
“Jesus, save it for St-Catherine’s Street,” Dean commented finally, bouncing his balled up napkin off Gabriel’s forehead.
What the hell, he reasoned. He had just cried all over the guy, had probably even got some snot on his suit jacket or something. So he swallowed the instinctive hesitation, the embarrassment at being such a girl, and nudged at a glistening tear lingering low on Cas’ cheek with a knuckle.
I miss you, but knowing that you’re ok, that you’re with Cas, and Jack, and everyone, and that you’ll all be there when it’s my time, then I’m ok with being here on my own.
It was the wrong thing to say, and he knew it as soon as the last word left his mouth. Cas jerked next to him, his breath hitching. Dean didn’t want to look at him, but he forced himself to, lashed himself with guilt at the pain he saw etched into the furrows across Cas’ brow. His lashes were down tight on his cheeks, wet and clumped with tears.
Phone in hand, Sam strode off a few steps. Dean knew what he was doing but didn’t try to stop him. It was the same thing Dean had been doing for the last few lonely hours on the road; calling every number in his contacts over and over and over again, hoping that someone might miraculously answer.
Gabe tacked on an exaggerated wink and a not-so-subtle head-to-toe glance that had Dean blushing as he withdrew his hand and gestured to the door set at a right angle to the one Gabe had popped out of.
“Hello, Dean.”
Dean felt something like elation start to gallop alongside his pounding heart.
“You dare to think you could stand against me?”
“Nah.” Dean clambered to his feet much less gracefully, his knees cracking. “I’m gonna make us something to eat.” He caught sight of his come splattered down the front of the cupboards and on the floor and made a face. “Oh, god.
Feeling like Cas was trying to say something but with no idea what that might be, Dean squinted at him curiously. “Oooookay?”
The sound of a tentative knock at the front door and the rattle and thump of its opening and closing brought Cas’ head up like he’d been hit with a cattle prod. They both stared at the bedroom doorway as quiet footsteps brought Dean into view.
“Oh? And?”
Dean hesitated with his hand on the knob of the other wardrobe. He was pretty sure of what he’d find inside it. Casting a quick look over his shoulder to check that Cas was still out, still breathing, he admonished himself to grow a pair and yanked the door open before he could talk himself out of it.
Tasting the tip of Cas’ thumb with a gentle suck to distract him, Dean abruptly flipped them, scooting down Cas’ body to kneel between his spread legs. He aimed a suggestive grin at Cas, winked.
Jack took his sweet time thinking that over, head still cocked, bird-like, to one side, eyes going a bit unfocused. Dean barely resisted the impulse to wave his hand in front of his face. Now that he had Jack here, and he hadn’t refused out of hand…he was so close he could practically taste it.
And there was that damn grin again, the one made Dean’s insides as warm as his face.
It was a goddamn miracle.
Standing in the yard out in front of the most perfect home he could have imagined, he took a deep breath to settle himself, sending out one final prayer.
Gabriel was quiet for a long moment while Castiel focused on keeping track of what he was stuffing into the bag. Where
whimper. Pressing the heels of his hands hard into his eye sockets helped a bit, but he knew that any hope he had for relief was only going to be found in the kitchen.
Bumping his forehead lightly against Cas’, Dean shook his head. “We’ll talk it all out, Cas, I promise, but I’d really like to kiss you right now if that’s ok with you?”
Time to double down. Sam spared a second for a quick prayer to anyone still listening that he and his brother would still be on speaking terms after what he was about to say.
Nope, couldn’t go near that name. Not now. Not yet.
“You know what? We’ll spruce the place up. We’ll get some recliners, get one of those big-screen TVs—”
part of Cas’ question went unspoken, but Dean took a deep cleansing breath and exhaled out every bit of doubt and lingering tension in his body as he just hugged Cas tighter.
“Need any help?” Sam asked, already coming around the end of the peninsula to wash his hands.
Behind him came an unexpectedly shaky exhale. “No.”
Her smile was entirely too understanding. “It’s all over your face that you’re looking to forget someone, but I figured I’d take a shot anyways. It was worth a try.”
Cas wandered out of the front door, barefoot and still looking a bit rumpled from their lazy morning in bed. “Jack! I didn’t know you were coming by today.”
It involved a tricky splicing of two different spells that Sam had managed to dig up, supported with a cornucopia of extremely rare ingredients, and enhanced with the blood of the most powerful being in existence.
Sammy would be arriving in a few weeks. His room was ready but Dean was not. He knew that he had backed himself into a corner and then some with his lies, and in short order he was going to have to answer for them. He had no idea what he was going to do, or if either Cas or Sam would still be talking to him at the end of it.
Maybe that was why they were still here, broken so many times, but still fighting, still putting their hearts out there and caring about the people they met and befriended and loved and lost. Because that was what humans did, didn’t they? Kept going, one shaky step in front of the other even when it made no sense, even when it seemed hopeless?
Spotting that both their plates were empty, Dean seized a brief lull as Sam drained his water glass to dig around in his pocket. He dangled the Impala’s keys in front of his brother’s face with a hopeful “Shoot some pool in town?”
He waved Sam over to the couch and grumbled his way back to the kitchen to fish a couple of beers out of the fridge. He handed one to Sam and flopped onto the other end of the couch, making a ‘go on’ motion with his hand.
Dean leaned his forehead against the linen closet door, knowing Cas could probably see him from the kitchen table. As much as he wanted to just grab his keys and bolt, there was also a sense of relief underscoring the dread. For better or for worse his secret would be out and maybe,
He picked a strawberry out of the bowl on his lap and bit into it. He savoured the incomparable sweetness of a locally harvested, sun-ripened berry, infinitely superior to the bland, soulless facsimiles available the rest of the year.
Dean jogged over to the Impala with an extra skip in his step. Despite the sunny day, the leather was cool on the backs of his legs as he slid into the driver’s seat. He took a minute to rummage through the collection of tapes until he found some truly excellent driving music and popped it into the tape deck.
The words came out a little stilted, shaky from how hard his heart was suddenly beating in his throat at reliving the memory. “Before he, uh, got taken, Cas said some…stuff.”
“I’m not bringing my phone.”
“Don’t worry, we have an incinerator at the hospital. It’s hard to prove murder with no body.”
Apparently a nephilim desperate to set things right—and possibly juiced up by some additional Rowena-inspired magick—was more than capable of taking on God; Jack had ruthlessly turned the surge of power that Chuck had accumulated from his Thanos-style move back on him, effectively obliterating him.
Dean seized the conversational life vest. “He doing ok?”
Dean neatly dodged the wooden spoon that came flying past him as he stepped into the kitchen, laughing as Gabe yelped behind him when it hit its intended target.
Cicadas were still a buzzing chorus outside the window, the temperature warm enough to feel like any lazy deep summer Saturday while the room stayed fresh and comfortable despite the windows being open. It was perfect.
Except that the words stuck in his throat, heavy and sharp-edged with doubt. Dean’s face certainly didn’t help; he couldn’t have looked any guiltier if he tried.
“What can I do for you?” Gabriel asked.
A siren wailed by, the sound cresting and falling increasingly loudly until it passed. Gabe pursed his lips and gave him a
The sound of his blood rushing in his ears was so loud that Dean had to struggle to focus on what Sam had said. Sam, who apparently gave no fucks about who Dean was with, who—
“What?”
Or the one after that, where Dean had pulled Cas in for a kiss. They weren’t quite centered in the frame anymore and the focus had gone a bit wonky, but it was one of Dean’s favourites because he got to see just a hint of what he looked like in love.
With just a look, I make Zedekiel shut up as he had started to stand up, his blond hair partly veiling his face. He sits back down, staring at me wide-eyed.
"Opha, how many times do I have to tell you to ask permission to speak before you open your–"
Jesus is silent too as he walks escorted by guards, torchlight drawing shifting shadows on his face.
"I'm not here to perch on your shoulder. We had larger concerns."
Levanael and Zedekiel are chortling as I try very hard to restrain a chuckle and remain dignified and unfazed like any proper Warrior of God should.
"Once they are free and on the move, free will is no longer an issue, Zed. I have been told so by the hierarchy."
"He was attacked, bitten, and since then he is drawn by the irrepressible need to consume human blood," I say, the images and sensations still crystal clear in my head. "He slaughtered his own family."
"We still can't possibly kill our own General!"
"Very well," Lucifer says, his Grace radiating light like a thousand suns.
"No. You're the only one summoned. The hierarchy has a mission of the utmost importance for you."
One of them waves at me discretely, and I recognize Baradiel inside his flesh suit, a young man with dark and wistful eyes. I walk up to the lean, pale vessel whose long chestnut hair is gathered in a bun, and sit down next to him.
There is a drop of blood dripping from Miz's lips and falling on Pmox's cheek when I open my eyes again. Under Miz's protective arm, there is a blood stain on Pmox's white shirt. So, I pull Pmox from the embrace and lift up the cloth. On the chest's limp, pale skin there is a clean, distinct, blood-soaked hole. A deep one.
"They have been swarming around for decades anyway, and we still haven't been ordered to take action," says Rzionr Nrzfm.
Benny's voice. His blurred face comes briefly in front of me, and I squint my eyes. The world's spinning around me and a searing pain bores into my skull.
"There were people getting torn to shreds down here!"
division. There’s a reason for your small number, you know. A failed experiment, as I said. Who would have thought your crawling fish would evolve, multiply and become so problematic?"
, I'm good at. And if I knew it'd be so
"She's a brave one, we have to give her that," Levanael says pointedly.
The circular painting above the chandelier glittering with gold and light depicts Angels, or at least celestial beings as Humans portray them. They look human in appearance, naked and winged. I squint indecisively. I don't know if I should be complacent, impressed or offended by this artwork. Whoever painted this couldn't have known that the generalized use of vessels is very recent and in no way representative of our true appearance. Besides, we are required to keep the vessel's clothes as they are, unless they do not fit in with the human codes of power and authority. Well, the unranked Cherubs are the exception to this rule.
My heart skips a beat. My sister is hurt.
I can’t help frowning.
He holds my gaze calmly, his three fiery eyes glowing red on his true face.
The veil that clouded my judgment has finally come off.
Miz merely nods unblinkingly. Then, without a word, he motions to me to follow him and spreads his wings.
"This is stupid, Dean," Cas says with a raspy voice. "You have the possibility to go back to Earth, you don't have to..."
On the ground there are now about fifty Humans staring wide-eyed at everyone resurrecting out of thin air – some of them are prostrating themselves, trembling, tearing their hair out, screaming or passing out, while others are communicating with one another in a panic. There are a few of them who just stand there in silent amazement. But all of them without exception are trying to hide their reproductive organs. For a brief moment, I think back to Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden, naked and carefree.
"Uriel."
"May I have the permission to handle the resurrections in my sector first? I know everything about every single Human who lived there, as well as their organization, architecture –"
I turn my head and look at the direction he is indicating. There is no end to the Administration's department. Or at least I don't think there is. I've never seen it. As far as I can see, there are rows and columns of desks framed by translucent walls, all bearing a number. Each box contains an Angel in a black suit and a well-adjusted tie, each one sorting and filing paperwork in stern silence with their head down. There is a constant rustling of paper sheets in this perfectly uniform space. As far as I know, except for investing their human vessel recently with Balthazar, none of the Administration Angels have ever left this place since Heaven was created.
I can't tell Sam and Dean directly - my interactions with them are constantly under watch - and there's no one I can trust with this. That leaves me with only one option.
Gabriel and Raphael are surrounding Lucifer, and I notice Michael inside his human vessel standing on the palm of Raphael’s hand. Cain’s body is shivering violently, still consumed by flickering flames, and Michael looks like he’s trying – and failing – to heal his host. His blurred wings are no longer white, now they look like they’re made of fire and embers. Obviously Balthazar was wrong: the son of Adam and Eve is unable to contain the most powerful Archangel.
Once more, I avert my eyes to look at the door behind which Dean is performing the acts that sullied his soul in Hell.
There is nothing unintentional about this mission. The hierarchy intends to provide Dean with incomplete information, the plan is for him to bring his little brother back on the right path, so that we won't have to kill him. Technically speaking, this is a good thing.
"What about our sectors!?" Siosp harrumphs, obviously still upset about the Humans that died under his watch.
We ALL serve Heaven, I won’t hear of any squabble between divisions and you better not bring shame on the Garrison!!"
Camael is staring at us calmly with his golden eyes devoid of expression, and wings folded behind his back.
I had only just given the alarm when Raphael intercepted me before I had the chance to reach the battlefield. I am innocent. I have no idea what Azazel did to me, but I was physically unable to fulfill my surveillance mission and alert Anael. I didn't intentionally neglect my duty. No matter how I protested my innocence, Raphael didn't listen.
"This man is to be protected," I say more quietly.
"This is a good thing, Dean."
"Ecaop, no! Don't go!" Uriel calls out in vain. "Oh to hell with this! Get out of my way, just leave it to me!"
"Uriel... Do you think... do you really think demons are causing these deaths?"
"ANAEL!" I scream my voice raw, blasting a few souls out of their bodies.
"Are you questioning authority, Castiel?"
I don't know what to say.
"There's a bigger picture here."
"Because they're usually just for Archangels. To get them for every other Angels, it would be like casting pearls before swine."
The Human with demon blood is taller than the righteous man, but the most striking thing about him is the dark aura he radiates, and his face... It is not a demon's face, no. It doesn't look like a possessed Human's face either – for these ones, the demon's features are overlapping, like a thick, slimy mask. In Sam Winchester's case, I am unable to tell apart the line between Human and demon. In millions of years of existence, I have never seen anything like it. The expressions on his features are shifting: amazed and smiling for a second, then distorted into a demonic and evil sneer. Pale skin lined with black veins, eyes sunk into their sockets and shadows hollowing out his cheeks.
My soldiers nod, and we fly through the suffocating darkness to the gaping holes into the reality. There are hundreds of paths ahead of us. We have already been through about a dozen of them, and I point out one that is still unexplored.
Michael looks at me for a few seconds more. I don’t know what he reads in my eyes, but he seems to be satisfied with it and his Grace brightens.
Impassive, Uriel turns his head to look at me.
Uriel opens his eyes wide and steps closer, unfurling his wings with heinous eagerness.
I step closer and sit next to my brother on the bench. Our wings go through the wood and brush against each other behind us. Just like the old days.
But our General plainly and simply ignores Balthazar's advice.
I'm wiping the sweat off my brow when something crash into my back with the brutal strength of a train that tackles me to the ground. I fall and my head hits violently a rock. The sounds grow heavy like if I was under water and a shrilling whistle fills my ears. A massive weight pins me on the ground, my cheek held down in the dust. Cursing breathlessly, I turn my eye to see a werewolf – a bit blurry – opening his wide mouth full of fangs. His warm and slimy drool leaks on my cheek and I scrunch my nose when the nasty stench assault my nostrils.
"The Sisters managed to adapt their projects to the inconvenient disappearance of Adam and Eve." Anael crosses his arms. "Cain's bloodline will take the destiny of Seth's since he was never born. Everything is planned for the next millennia, the reproduction process and births are closely monitored by Balthazar and the Cherubs. Nothing is left to chance." His eyes narrow into green slits. "Anyway. As you know, the Mother of Monster – or the Mother of All like some of us call her – is still running free and sowing her poisoned creatures all around. We have not been able to locate her yet, her creations are multiplying and turning Humans into monsters at an alarming rate. In a few hundred years there won't be any Human left on Earth if this goes on. Moreover, the souls of monsters escape Reapers when they die and get sucked into Purgatory. With each monster created the Mother of All becomes stronger."
Then Gabriel straightens and points an accusing finger at Cain.
Baradiel crosses his arms, and his three fiery eyes seem to blaze even brighter.
They don't remember dying, neither wandering as souls in a devastated planet, nor how Angels look like. And they don't realize that Earth is currently in effervescence, battalions of busy Angels roaming over the lands and mountains. Glowing bright and hovering on the horizon, the Plant division is negotiating with the Water division about one of our craters: they can't seem to agree on whether it should be made into a lake or filled with soil and covered with plants.
And if he could see what I really look like, Dean certainly wouldn't be staring at me with barely concealed insolence.
"General or not, you are and always will be our brother. There is no need to try to act like Anna or the Council members. You're not like them. It's not like you to use threats and fear to assert yourself. You don't need this, our loyalty is already yours. We follow and obey you, not out of fear, but because we care for you."
"Okay, Bobby. Thanks."
"Well bend it back or tell me what the hell I'm doing here!"
"Stop what?"
I push him out of the way and brush the door with my fingertips, blasting it off its hinges and clearing the path for us. Inside, the air is foul and heavy with sulfur and blood, getting more repulsive with every step we take. With Baradiel, Samandriel and Harry on my heels, I blast open the doors one by one with a mere wave of my hand without slowing down my pace for a second. My coat opens wide behind me and our footsteps echo through the corridors.
I give him a sidelong glance. Zedekiel is the only one who dares to mention this. Everyone else tries not to talk about it, undoubtedly ashamed of having been led into disobedience by Uriel and Virgil. They have all repented of their bad deeds, and I cannot hold the fault against them. Camael was one of us. It was a difficult and unique situation that will never happen again.
Several monsters around her are coming back to life, their charred bodies rebuilding themselves effortlessly. She reaches out to one of them and strokes his hair before kissing his forehead as Eve used to do with Abel and Cain when they were children. Her smile turns sad as she shifts away to look back at us.
"Dean..."
"The demon. The name's Alastair. One of Hell's most powerful vermin."
I clench my fists on my knees as I search for the right words. I have no desire to go back to the Garrison and command my brothers and sisters knowing that every last one of them has not hesitated to turn their backs on me, to plot Lucifer's return and let the Council accuse me of feelings, insult me, humiliate me and then demote me in front of them.
"Indeed you didn’t," he concedes. "But this incident happened because of you and the way your soldiers behaved was appalling. A superior's duty is to take responsibility for any crap from his subordinates, just in the same way that I will be held accountable for your behavior." He's not smiling, and cold anger is radiating in his aura. "A decision has to be made, we already wasted way too much time. So you will jump right into Dean's dream as we agreed. That’s an order."
Hester's gray eyes soften.
I am at God's command, and orders are orders.
Making himself visible to their eyes, the Archangel is towering over the Humans, radiating with light and power.
"Oh, I know what you're actually doing, trust me. I won't let you throw your life away for a pathetic Human. And I would let the entire Creation burn to ashes as long as you are safe."
"In an unusual way?"
"What does he want from me?" I cut her in a cold tone. "If he has something to tell me, let him come and speak for himself."
"Don't give him too much information, Cas. He doesn't need to know that. Now, we'll let him ponder on that for a week. Hold on to me!"
"Twenty-nine," I say.
A smile grazes her lips, and she nods without the slightest hesitation.
"Cas..."
(next sunday, april 19th)
When my wing brushes against Brap's, he huffs and brings his wings tighter together behind his back to avoid contact.
"No, Castiel," Anna says. "If it were, I would have been informed by the hierarchy. Every miracle is listed and announced during the reunions of Generals of divisions. Uriel is right."
I avert my eyes, unable to hold my brother's stare.
Dean opens his eyes and takes a look around, then gets up and lets his book slide from his knees. Finally, my words are reaching him.
- is inside a blonde-haired and blue-eyed female vessel who's openly glaring at me. Her true face appears layered and translucent over the flesh one, her three grey eyes gleaming fiercely.
"Over there!"
Michael winces and grimaces in pain, but manages to pull himself together and square his shoulders.
Standing at my side, Balthazar interrupts somewhat obsequiously:
I gently close the book, holding it in my hands with all of the respect and deference that the holy scriptures deserve.
This is really not the time.
Camael rebelled to save Cain. Siosp doubted God. Anna, though?
"We’re out of time," I declaim, using the most neutral voice I can muster. "This witch has to die, the seal must be saved."
Uriel groans condescendingly.
He lets out a high-pitched chuckle as he clasps his hands on his stomach, and Lavavoth seems to mimic his every facial expression like a mirror.
(See the end of the chapter for
Camael keeps staring unblinkingly at our general. Anael narrows his eyes.
Silence.
But still he keeps staring at the door stubbornly. I guess he can't hear me after all. I should raise my voice a little.
I turn to face my brother as my feathers gradually deflate.
Baradiel looks up at me. There is a glimmer of pity in his eyes.
Michael clearly is infinitely faster than us under his new form: instead of flying up to the sky, he just
"Well then!" Zachariah smooths down his suit with a smirk on his face. "I see that Castiel's alleged soft spot for the righteous man sparks your interest... Now, back to Anna, please. We need to find her, preferably with the Winchesters' help. Any ideas?"
"I can't stand up!" Zedekiel groans in frustration, aimlessly thrashing in the ashes.
"What makes you say that?"
I don’t answer, and the Archangel keeps on ranting like he has forgotten he’s not alone.
Anna tilts her head to the side, her eyes filled with sadness and...
"Siosp," I articulate in an abrasive tone.
"Anael, my Humans are dead. All of them, dead! What am I going to do now? Tell me what to do! What are the orders?"
"He's not exactly able to defend himself right now," I answer in a rough voice. "Lots of shits happened lately and he kinda... lost it. But even without all his mind, Cas would never abandon me. Not after everything he fucked up for me..."
"Is this really necessary?" I glance at Raphael out of the corner of my eye.
I hold out my hand to Uriel, and in one look we share what words couldn't possibly express.
I keep staring at the ground silently, and let Uriel handle the situation.
"This isn't what it's about, Rachel!" Uriel snarls as he turns around, his eyes blazing with wrath. "Don't you see? Can't you see what's happening? Forget about Camael for a second and start
"Once the chosen people has been set free, we will be able to teach them Father's instructions. His Ten Commandments."
, I reply without opening my mouth.
Obeying to the order Michael personally gave me is a source of great pride. The Archangel has been assigning me a secret mission twice now.
(See the end of the chapter for
I sit next to my brother who tucks back his left wing to avoid touching me. In the past, he would have patted me on the shoulder with it, or wrapped it all around me.
Mary and Joseph are climbing the steps to the Temple, their faces pale with worry. They walk among the columns and stop, breathless, at the sight of Jesus, whom they had lost sight of for the last three days. I spent these three days watching them search everywhere for the child in agony and tears.
Anna never mentioned our Father's name. Not even once.
Zachariah slaps his hands on his thighs and stands up, soon followed by Ecanus and Brap.
"The Garrison's mission comes first," I say as I carefully rebuild veins in the uncompleted human body lying limply on the palm of my hand. "Death only gave us a year before the souls are taken away. Animals don't have a soul, they can wait."
With my eyes set on Azazel, I put my foot on the Colt lying on the ground to prevent it from being used to shoot the demon. As for Levanael, she's standing next to the righteous man to ensure his safety. There are screams, and I stand still as I watch the tragedy unfold before my eyes, not at all surprised to see Azazel stab Dean's grandfather to death while he still is in possession of his body. A body that is now nothing more than a walking corpse. I already knew that Samuel Campbell and his wife Deanna die tonight. It is written. So when Deanna lunges to try to grab the Colt, I press down harder on it and extend a hand to slow her down while Levanael restrains Dean by the shoulder to prevent him from rescuing his grandmother. Only after Deanna is dead and Azazel is out of reach and on his way to make his pact with Mary do I take my foot off the weapon and my sister releases the righteous man.
to fail.
It has been barely a century but there are already hundreds of thousands of them moving in herds to expand their territory, relentlessly building new cities in every valley favorable to agriculture and fishing. That is a constant throughout their evolution. Humans never settle for what they have, they are always in pursuit of something better, they all want
, and without Uriel's assistance, Alastair would never have been able to break it.
What? After all the proof I showed him, he still doesn't believe me? Did he even listen to anything I said?
I step away from the table sharply, growing restless, folding and unfolding my wings. It's been no more than ten minutes since Dean walked through that door and started drawing cries from his former torturer, but every second feels like eternity.
Hester withdraws his hand, eyes softening as he lowers them.
Lucifer lowers his head.
"Yes..." Susan chokes, a tear rolling down her cheek. "Yes, please..."
He stays silent for a few seconds and looks at us both before looking away toward the stream.
She raises her chin with a pleased grin, puffing out the feathers of her wings.
He looks just like Rzionr Nrzfm's vessel, but younger. He's wearing some kind of see-through helmet encircling his head.
Is he
Focus on the blood running through her veins, and
"I can’t help it," he growls, his human eyes glowing with his Grace's blazing light. "If Anna is in there, it's more than tempting to wipe out the entire state to get rid of her at last."
"I was getting too close to the humans in my charge.
In the wide zone that has been attributed to me, I watch over a few dozens fish living in a group that have moved further away from the ocean. Their life expectancy is short and their offspring often get eaten by predators.
"If this rumor about Camael's Grace turns out to be true, what do you intend to do, Uriel?" Rachel asks defiantly.
The red glow in Eve's eyes intensifies and the fire gradually fades over the entire area, like a nightmare dissipating.
"Are you alright?" I ask quietly, staring into the distance.
"… Where’s Camael?!"
"And she's not stupid," Ephra nods. "Why do something for free when you can ask for a favor in exchange?"
Our mission is of prime importance, and yet we are only thirteen soldiers, myself included, to accomplish it. In the rush, I was unable to request additional troops, and we were even deprived of Balthazar who remained in Heaven to provide training for the possession of vessels. The fate of all Humanity rests on the Garrison. Or should I say, the fate of all Humanity rests on the righteous man. I learned from Revelations that even if he were to break, only he can stop Lucifer. I don't know what this means, but it's a fact.
I walk past Uriel to brush the faded wallpaper with my fingertips. My hand slips into the ephemeral parallel reality, just enough to penetrate the wall structure and pull out a small bag of tanned leather.
"For real?" She straightens her back and smooths down the folds of her regular outfit. "I should have guessed. Well, I'm the one who held a Winchester soul before you made it cool. More than one Winchester soul, in fact, I beat you to it!"
This chapter takes place in
Dean breaks the eye contact, looking down with an expression I can't describe.
I can't help laughing along with my brothers, and the sound covers the roaring of thunder. Rachel flies back in place and gives Htmorda a shove in retaliation. Anna throws a severe look at us, but the glimmer of mirth in her eyes is not lost on me.
Some of my soldiers splutters angrily. The music spirals out dramatically, growing louder and louder.
and at
"Well," Siosp quipped, "there's none in my sector."
Michael’s gaze hardens. I refrain from asking what will become of my brother. In a silent prayer, I beg my Father to be merciful and send Camael to rehabilitation for a few millennia if necessary instead of executing him.
This is so humiliating. I stifle my reservations and look up into his eyes.
"Actually I already have a bloodline arranged for my beloved General, and I have the paperwork all covered. As for the training, I can provide it to him in the process."
"Hairless apes and logic..."
Anael raises his green eyes and stiffly straightens his back with dignity.
The General gives the go ahead with a nod, and we all fly up in the sky after Balthazar. Two seconds later we make a smooth landing in front of a seaside city bursting with life.
I hold his gaze, unblinkingly.
love our Father here? Are you all willing to love those flawed, murderous and ignorant beings more than Him?"
"Fucking demons!" Uriel spits, seething with rage. "I called it, we should just have killed Sam and his evil little whore right from the start!"
, then? Is this the Lord’s will? But why would He want such a thing?
"Where is the righteous man?" I snarl as I stare them down. "Answer, or we will obliterate every one of you."
are feeling," she says, motioning at the weeping women with
Is this another joke? I didn't get what Uriel found funny about the pastry thing, and now I have no idea if Dean is trying to insult us or not.
That Anna and the Lord count me as one of the most reliable and loyal soldiers would have filled me with pride under normal circumstances. But I feel nothing. I'm still having trouble realizing that the last hope I had for my brother has crumbled like all the others. He will not return to the Garrison, will not regain his memories, and will suffer a painful death.
As I materialize into physical reality, I reach out and touch his skull, which is covered in bloodied bandages - my Grace seeps into his body, exploring every inch of him down to the last hair-thin blood vessels, sliding into torn arteries, broken bones, and damaged heart. I've rebuilt this body from rotting bones and flesh before, so to me this is surprisingly easy to do.
"Castiel? What do you think?"
My emotions will get me into trouble if I'm not careful. I can't let anything through, I'm being watched. I lower my gaze as I try to resorb the turmoil of my Grace, but I look up again when Anna speaks, stepping resolutely towards us.
Baradiel has a point, there’s something off. We won this battle far too easily. This doesn't bode well.
"Stupid pet tricks..." Alastair’s sneering voice rises.
She has no idea how true that is. I know the hierarchy enough by now to realize that this is nothing more than a diversion.
In hindsight I realize now that Anna is probably the one who has changed the most.
Adam swallows hard and Eve bits her lower lip before looking up warily.
A shocked silence falls upon us.
Maybe I should send him to rehabilitation...
"Still, we have a history…" I say hesitantly.
I shout a battle cry and relentlessly slash open the monsters surrounding me with their wide open mouths, trying to swallow me alive. My entire left leg is engulfed inside the esophagus of one of them, and the world turns dark when another one swallows my head and tries to rip it off from my body. Blinded, hindered, and feeling raw pain tearing through my back, I decide to dive straight to the ground, hoping not to crash into one of my brothers.
I force a smile on my face.
Benny groans unhappily. I notice that Cas' shoulders just tensed. And that his hair's dirty, but well, mine's too.
My head is thrown back 'cause he's towering me, sitting on my lap and his hands slipping in my hair. My right hand grips his shoulder like an anchor to reality. I breathe heavily with my nose while Cas is nibbling on my lower lip and sucking on it with an obscene wet noise. Oh
The crowd cheers as the governor, Pontius Pilate, draped in his white robe, steps onto the podium. Behind him, guards are holding two men stripped to a loincloth. One of them is my brother, whom I recognize because no soul shines in him. His head is lowered, and his gaze seems distant, too blank to be human. The skin around his bound wrists is chafed and bruised, and there are purple marks of beating on his body and face.
"Your brother is headed down a dangerous road, Dean, and we're not sure where it leads. So stop it." I turn to look at him to make my threat clear. "Or we will."
Everyone falls silent, and Baradiel is the only one who looks like he knows what Balthazar is talking about. Ephra is leaning forward, his wings twitching restlessly.
The aborted Apocalypse has ravaged the Earth. The Garrison resurrected the Humans in one year, but couldn't bring them all back. Camael is in solitary confinement awaiting his punishment, and Balthazar is now officially part of the Garrison.
"Are they not
"Our Father did NOT give that order!" Siosp's voice breaks. "He would never do something so cruel and inconsistent, never! This Flood is not the will of God, brothers!"
"Uriel and Castiel are not saying we should suppress the organization that is of course essential," says Camael, the Angel of Joy, "they’re only suggesting being able to ask an Archangel directly for advice in an unusual situation. Of course, additional reports and forms will be filled retrospectively to justify the decision taken by our superior officer."
Balthazar and I rise up to the sky just in time before Uriel obliterates the entire area with a pure white energy blast that makes the earth tremble. The blinding light fades off after a few seconds, turning into a hurricane of devastating violence. Demons and hellhounds are thrown away by the wind and smashed back into the ground. Strangely enough, none of them seems to be affected. The Humans, however, were all killed.
"… Camael?"
The way he's smirking and the sarcastic look in his eyes remind me of Zachariah. I can feel myself stiffening.
He understands now. I can't stay here any longer, he might blurt out something that would compromise me.
"Oh."
"I'm listening. Keep it short."
"We need to join our hands and combine our Graces while chanting the Enochian incantations I'm going to teach you. We will have to repeat them over and over again until we have gathered enough energy to encircle the city and close the trap on the demon. Let's begin."
Baradiel turns his head to the benches facing the altar, where the frail figure of the saint we're assigned to protect is kneeling in prayer.
I silently nod, oddly satisfied. Even if the hierarchy doesn't acknowledge my work, and Humanity will never come to know about the sacrifices that my Garrison has made, at least the righteous man will know about it.
"… they played a part in making the other human species disappear, including the one I..."
"Where's Sam?" he asks again, but this time in a threatening tone.
I can foresee his gesture before he even initiates it, but I let him. There is something comical about a Human attacking an Angel with a blade meant to kill demons, but I can't help thinking back of Cain setting my hands ablaze with fiery flames. One dominant character trait of Cain's lineage is this strong will, this stubbornness when faced with a desperate situation. The blade - forged by Lucifer's first demons - strikes straight into my vessel's heart, bringing its beats to an abrupt halt. But my Grace keeps the blood flowing unhindered.
"Your monkey banged Anna!"
I let my hand fall back down.
"Not in my experience."
, at the worst possible time, leaving me to take charge of the Garrison, the responsibility for the upcoming Apocalypse, and the relentless agony of my doubts. She knew what was coming. She had to know. She ran away, and I have been paying the cost of her cowardice and selfishness for more than two decades.
Siosp and Balthazar share a look – furious for Siosp, playful for Balthazar – while Anael turns to introduce the two other Angels.
he replies irately.
"Dean's genes are perfectly human."
Ignoring the panicked Reaper who, on all fours, is trying to grab the swarm of glowing souls flowing out of his suitcase, I spread my wings to fly away. I fly through the Heaven's zones that I am allowed to access, barely taking the time to materialize in each place. But Zachariah and Uriel are nowhere to be found, not even in solitary confinement.
"Take your vessels to their homes, quit their bodies and come back here. Castiel and I will stay on position to monitor."
He finally manages to speak, his shoulders shaking with laughter.
"One last question: is there a sigil that strip all Angels present in the area of their powers, without banishing them?"
"What are you going to do now, Cas?"
dealt with. God entrusted our former brother Azazel to manage the place. Now I would like you all to join me on a guided tour, if you please. Any question you might have will be answered at the end."
But first...
"Oh."
Kneeling on the soggy ground, Eve lays white flowers on Abel’s grave. From where I am standing, I can’t see her face, her ash blond hair is veiling it. Her shoulders are trembling as she cries silently with no care for the pouring rain hitting her back.
"I can't!"
"Whoa, calm down, it's not that easy. Thousands of years have passed since that time, and with each new generation, some properties have been lost while others have remained. To prevent incest, there has been some crossbreeding with ordinary Humans, which has weakened some of the powers in the blood. You should take a vessel, it would make it so much smoother for you. I've got a lovely bloodline designed just for you, I've been saving it for thousands of years, you'll see, it's..."
Is this the Garrison stepping in at last?
This is no victory for me, and Zachariah's words of praise leave me with a sour feeling. Nothing will ever bring back my dead brothers and sisters murdered for being so loyal. Nothing will restore the broken seals. Nothing.
I fold my wings as I land with a clacking sound of claws, then line up in the row between Hester and Ephra. Facing us, Zachariah is sitting at the solid wood desk up on the dais. He is alone, and the auditorium stands behind us are empty. The auditorium hasn't changed since I have last seen it, quite a while ago, before the Apocalypse even happened. On the two occasions that brought me here, the three Archangels stood where Zachariah now stands. Compared to them, he looks very small.
No. I can’t let myself get distracted. I have a mission to complete. There are still a lot of fragments left to erase.
"I have to say, I am astonished by your naivety," Balthazar says with a patronizing air. "I'm aware you're the youngest Angels in Heaven after Samandriel, but honestly you're bordering on stupidity."
Judas scrambles up to his feet and staggers back
Only Miz remains impassive – he's watching us with his arms crossed, a jolly glint in his light brown eyes. Anna isn’t here, though. Where is she? Maybe in a meeting with the hierarchy?
The sphere instantly burst like a balloon and hurls out a bright lightning bolt that strikes the city with great precision, trapping and beaming Alastair directly to the interrogation room that I arranged on Earth for him.
The two hundred Angels rise as one and shout all together: "We await your orders, General!"
What has Azazel done to this child? Why does he have so much power? If Lucifer's true vessel can deploy such overwhelming power on his own, I can't imagine what Lucifer could achieve with such a weapon in his possession.
"Castiel is faithful to our Father and would never stand against His will. As for Camael... he is devoted to his mission and most likely appreciates Humans more than all of us combined."
I avert my eyes and square my shoulders, staring into the void as I try to contain the guilt and shame of not living up to my rank and protecting the Garrison as I swore I would.
I can’t help clenching my hands into fists.
He nods and nudges the book left on the floor with the tip of his foot, wrinkling his nose as if it were something filthy.
"Yasen was burned alive with holy fire some traitor most likely provided to demons," Siosp snarls. Most of his left wing's feathers are scorched.
"Wait! I can't leave Dean alone! Why won't you come and talk here?"
"At least tell us if Camael could have a chance to get away with just rehabilitation and eventually be reinstated into the Garrison!"
"Honestly I don't even care that you want a female vessel. What bothers me, though, is that, of all the available vessels you'd set your sights on
"Castiel..."
He looks down to watch Jesus, his wings tensing behind his back.
(See the end of the chapter for
"In less than one second?"
We appear in a park just a few hundred meters from the hotel where the Winchesters are staying. There is a breeze rustling through the tree leaves above us.
"Anna is gone!" Zedekiel's voice hisses.
Siosp slams a hand on the table and springs to his feet, pushing back Levanael who's trying to hold him down.
I avert my gaze, moistening my lips, my restless Grace wrapping itself around Jimmy Novak's soul.
So Adam and Eve are dead. I suspected as much. I hear my brothers exchanging whispers as I square my shoulders in dignified silence.
I narrow my eyes as I stare at the so-called Angels with white, red and blue wings, who are collecting blood from the wounds into golden goblets. Now this is offensive. We did ensure our fallen brother's death and watched his agony without interfering - orders are orders - but we would never have harvested his bodily fluids. Why would we even want to do that? Sometimes I am baffled by the way Humans view us.
"I’ve seen how far you went astray for this creature," I point at Cain. "But you can still get back on the right path. You will be sent to rehabilitation. You will be saved, Camael."
The young Human takes a hesitant step away from the well, shaking from head to toe. She throws her head back and opens her arms wide.
Clothed from head to toe to shield themselves from the blazing sun, they make their way through the colorful stalls of merchants and carts loaded with food or bundles of straw. Jesus is walking among them, stepping on the dust, followed by about thirty devout disciples. A white cloth on his head partially covers his dark, wavy hair, a few locks of which slip out, streaming down on his tunic. He is a grown man now, with a beard darkening his sun-golden face. His warm brown eyes are kind to everyone he encounters, even those who bump into him. He sometimes raises his hand and touches their foreheads with two fingers, relieving them of their physical suffering with just a few soothing words.
– honestly, does plankton require five thousand soldiers to idly gaze at it?
It's still quiet - I can hear Dean and Alastair talking indistinctly. I could use my powers to enhance my hearing and listen to their conversation, but I can't bring myself to do it. I pinch my lips together and avert my eyes, leaning back against the table, the edge pressing against my back.
That high-pitched scream was Lavavoth, Zachariah's personal secretary, standing right in front of me.
"You heard me. Everybody made such a big deal about you bringing Dean Winchester back to life, as though that was some kind of exploit, when I brought a bunch of Winchesters back to life all by myself and somehow no one ever mentions this. Just last year, I brought Sam Winchester back and no one cared, but when you bring Dean back, boom, that's the highlight of the millennium! I find this a bit offensive to say the least. Besides, Sam is the prettier one. I particularly like his hair."
The one called Tessa - a dark-haired woman with - presses her lips together and frowns.
Clenching my fists and keeping my senses alert, I look around to assess the situation and plan my next move. There are only about a hundred Angels gathered around me, the Garrison is not complete.
"Oh please, I never said you and your soldiers weren't skilled in torture," Zachariah says. "Uriel is good, very good, but Alastair isn't just any demon! It will probably take quite some time to break him!"
"You'll get used to it, Dean."
"Hearing that they were dead pained me. But I fear Fate is working against you. Apparently this Apocalypse has been written a long time ago. We all have our roles to play, but yours is most certainly the hardest to embrace."
Gabriel shakes his head.
Through the skin of my two fingertips pressed on the demon's - the fallen Angel's - forehead, my Grace seeps into this possessed body and heals all wounds in a split second.
I stay silent but can’t help stiffening at Uriel using that derogatory term. If God really made them in His image, then this is close to blasphemy.
For a second there, I wonder how comes the Archangel Gabriel knows my name. Perhaps he remembers our brief conversation about Cain and Abel's offerings, but it is more likely he knows me from the trial during which the Archangels judged Camael and I.
... I am now officially Dean Winchester's Guardian."
"Castiel?"
With my elbows resting on the smooth surface of the oval table, I open my eyes again, letting the echo of my voice spread through the celestial channels. I lay my chin on my joined fingers and sweep my eyes across the empty room. The walls, the floor, the ceiling, the table, the seats... everything is equally white and bathed in light, just like all meeting rooms in Heaven.
"You have committed the original sin, Humans. You doubted God. And for this, you are expelled from the Garden of Eden. Eve, you will give birth in sweat and blood and mourn your children when they die. Adam, you will have to work the land to feed and kill to survive. You will live in pain and sorrow and go back to soil when you die."
(See the end of the chapter for
Anael's voice is transmitting us the daily report on our progress, invariably encouraging us to speed up the pace to meet the objectives.
"I don't know. But no matter what your decision is, I will follow you."
Pontius Pilate raises his arms to bring silence.
When I turn back to the Garrison, I find that only Uriel, Rzionr Nrzfm, and Baradiel are still there. All the others have disappeared.
sorry. I really am. And I deeply regret the way things turned out. If it weren't for Sam, Alastair would be alive, Dean and Jimmy would be dead, and I probably would have been sent to rehabilitation, reassigned to another unit, or simply executed.
I cast a glance over my shoulder, but promptly avert my eyes in dismay - Anna displays the exact same human appearance she had when she was stripped of her Grace, just like Camael once was. However, her true face of light is floating in front of her flesh one, and there is a majestic pair of translucent wings on her back, with feathers as though chiseled from ice.
"Are you questioning authority, Hester?"
"Enough!" Then, to Dean, "I suggest you move quickly."
Rzionr Nrzfm and Uriel inexplicably burst out laughing. What's so funny?
"Please tell me you’re joking."
Dean turns to face me as if he expects me to explain further. But this is not the kind of information that an Angel of my rank and age has access to, and once again he doesn't seem to realize that I'm just one pawn at the bottom of the hierarchy. I am neither omniscient nor omnipotent.
We keep walking the path in silence, on our guard, and the bleak morning is rising. And yet there's no sun, no moon either, and not even stars, but the cycle of days and nights is pretty much the same than on Earth. Except for the trees, the grim vegetation and the wild grass, no sign of life anywhere. It's like everything is faded and dead, but despite the tiredness, the stink, the fear that crawls under my skin, the constant risk of being attacked and the fact that I'm worried sick for Cas, I feel strangely good. Serene. Since I've been here, I haven't felt the need to eat, drink or sleep. The rules are simple, here, and I've got a clear and precise goal. I don't have to protect anyone but myself. I don't have to worry about Sam, I know he's safe on Earth, even if I'm sure he's desperately searching for a way to free me. Everything's refreshingly simple, no fuss, no lying bullshit or betrayal, no stuff hidden from me, nor incoming end of the world. I can give my hunter's instinct free rein, and focus on that one and only thing. Finding Cas.
His Grace seems to be flowing more easily.
"Of course. I will speak to Cain about it once this meeting is over."
"You heard right."
I nod and put my hand on Cas' shoulder, making him walk in front of me – after losing him for so long, I'd rather have him not leave my sight for one second. His trench-coat's filthy with blood and dirt and it sticks to my fingers when I take my hand off.
She frantically nods, pointing at herself and radiating pride.
He passed out and his heart rate is erratic, but the vital functions are good. I hesitate for a second before reaching out further back into Cain's memories. His brother's death had a profound impact on him, and the education Adam and Eve gave him made him fear Angels.
Zachariah stuffs one last cake into his mouth and pats my shoulder before flying away, followed by the other Angels.
He grabs his head between his four hands with some weird kind of whimper, as if he were in pain. There is no wound anywhere on his body, though. His Grace is undamaged, even if it looks turbulent like a stormy sky.
A warm hand on my shoulder. I look down to meet my sister's gaze. She is almost one head shorter than I am, staring at me seriously, unsmiling. Her dark blue eyes are tinged with lightning tones, eyeballs filled with her Grace.
I try to fly, but my wings are paralyzed. I can’t even move them or fold them back. Did Azazel’s seal deprive me of my abilities? Did I become useless and powerless forever, unable to fulfill my mission?
"You can't win, Uriel," I force the words out of Jimmy’s bloodied throat as Uriel firmly grabs my shoulder. "I still serve God."
Invisible, I watch them in silence with my wings carefully folded back.
I flip through the pages, picking up a snippet here and there that are enough to imprint in me a clear vision of the action and the emotional spectrum the Winchesters are experiencing. It's truly remarkable, breathtaking, how the unlimited combination of the same letters is enough in human hands to create worlds and trigger reactions in those who look at them.
"You're welcome."
I nod sternly, and focus to send a call to Levanael. Out of the entire Garrison, she is the one I can trust for this Improvised mission. I know she won't betray me, she won't tell Uriel or Zachariah. She has, after all, self-confessed her absolute loyalty to me.
in him?
I am in every way identical to my brothers. I was created on the same model than all the warriors of the Lord, made of Grace fused with the holy spirit. My wings stretch elegantly, long white feathers fluttering in the wind at both ends. I meet my own gaze on the shimmering surface and give a slow blink in astonishment.
just, even those we are not able to understand. Come back and prove yourself as a good son, a good soldier…" Michael’s vessel’s veins are glowing red now. "… or else we will lock you up inside a new cage that no one could set you free from, not even the Mother of All or the abominations you created from the infants’ souls."
"Stop this nonsense!" he shouts to cover the other voices with his own. "Castiel is fighting a war, and his Garrison needs him to lead them! There is no time for rehabilitation!"
"Anna's case has long been closed, Castiel. Reopening it would require the whole procedure to be redone, with the authorization of the entire administration. That's at least six months of tedious paperwork. Surely you're aware of that?"
"How can you even say that?" says Sam indignantly, baffled.
"Ah! That's exactly what I told them before I was sent to rehabilitation too. You'll be singing a whole different tune when you come back from this, I guarantee." He turns around and snaps his fingers in a commanding manner. "Seize the rebel and restrain him! And whatever you do, don't kill him!"
Uriel disappears with a silky rustle of feathers, leaving me alone in the park. A surge of sour resignation washes over me.
"Cain is about to commit fratricide," says Anael with a worried edge in his voice.
Am I... am I actually considering the worst kind of betrayal against Heaven and my Father?
I look away from the painful scene to Anna, who, standing in the palm of my hand, stares up at me with a look on her face I cannot begin to describe. Her vessel is a young girl clothed in a blue dress and a white shawl that partly covers her head.
Anael appears by my side and stares down at the creatures that have come to look like some kind of weird apes loosing their hairs. They’ve learned how to walk on their hind legs as if to imitate us, and their brain has grown bigger along with their soul glowing brighter. From up here, they seem so tiny and insignificant, but still we watch every detail of their evolution.
"You breed with the mouth of a goat!"
The new recruits are waiting for my orders, all eyes on me. They will have to wait. I need to talk to Dean.
I choose this moment to reach out and touch both their foreheads with my fingertips, planting an illusion into their minds. I haven't done this since Jesus' apostles. I almost forgot how easy it is.
A guard rams the sharp end of his spear into his side to make sure Jesus is dead. Right at the same time, the last voices of the rebels echoing in our heads vanish, replaced by a heavy silence. Then Michael's calm voice announces that the rebellion has been defeated, and lists the names of the executed rebels. They have all been executed. No one has been sent to rehabilitation.
Is this the kind of meeting Anna has been attending for millions of years, vainly begging for support? Surrounded by Angels calling her by the name she no longer wanted, using masculine pronouns to address her? Now I understand why she used to be so angry and frustrated every time she would come back from a meeting... She mentioned it a few times, but I didn't realize how little the Garrison is valued in the higher spheres.
Finally, astonishment floods into Dean's eyes as he recoils in disbelief. I believe I can see the first signs of fear in his expression. Perfect. I glance down at the blade and pull it out. It falls to the ground with a rattling sound in the silence. Impressing a Human should not fill me with such pride, but Dean is special. There are very few beings who would dare to defy an Angel. The righteous man is undoubtedly the Human of the prophecy. The one who broke, but also the one who will save Humanity. He has the strength of character. And he owes his resurrection and redemption to me, even if he can't remember it. Without me he would have become just another demon and Humanity would be doomed to extinction.
"Dean, I..."
"We are not omniscient. This witch is very powerful, she’s cloaked even our methods."
There are large expanses of scorched earth in the shape of angels with spread wings on the ground. Meaning several of my brothers have perished already, and their dying Grace have branded the ground.
"Uh, not really, no…"
I was created to obey. Not to
Michael rises to his feet, radiating with a threatening aura.
He doesn't make this contact last more than three seconds, folds his wings behind his back and silently turns away. I shove those thousand years old memories back and struggle to find some kind of control over the emotional turmoil roaring inside of me.
That's the signal. Uriel immediately soars off and propels a mighty burst of energy that destroys half of Sodom with a resounding blast. When the blinding light fades, it is replaced by a blaze of fire that swallows up the rest of the city. In his eagerness, he's already done half the work for us. I am positive that he could have single-handedly wiped out the two cities. He is undoubtedly the most powerful Angel in the Garrison.
Worry's starting to freeze my stomach and I try to ignore it.
There is some satisfaction I take in the terror filling his eyes as I pull myself out of his mind and disappear from his dream.
"A traitor like her?" Leoc sneers. "Yeah, right!"
"That is correct. And that's where you step in, Castiel."
I look over my shoulder. Looking awkward, my sister is stiff as a rock on the back seat, struggling and failing to fold her ethereal wings inside the confined space smelling of leather and gasoline. My wings also extend outside of the sheet metal frame, but I don't particularly mind.
And then, like a wave crashing down on us, hundreds of thousands of voices are rushing into a raging flow in our heads, filling the air with static electricity.
Then all of my brothers start speaking over each other loudly. Two pacifist and allied tribes attacked each other in a violent and bloody way. On the other side of the planet, Humans are overeating and overdrinking until they die. Miz saw with his own three eyes a Human shedding his skin like a snake and totally change his appearance. Rachel saw Humans master dark powers to torture their enemies. And almost everyone noticed the disappearance of many young children under two years old, tens of thousands of them. Maybe more. It’s hard to be more accurate, considering we are not omniscient and we can’t exactly watch every plot of land on this planet at any time.
Should the Garrison fail and Lucifer destroy Humanity, I will have no reason to exist any longer.
As my translucent hand is hovering over the Humans, I can't help thinking that the tactics I'm required to use are incompatible with the very idea of free will that God once celebrated when Adam and Eve were children. Perhaps Baradiel was right, and free will was only a fleeting trend. Has God already grown tired of it?
"I am aware," I say through gritted teeth.
"Siosp, sit down. Immediately."
"So why didn’t you report his deviant behavior?"
Baradiel's voice rose in the wind, and I shift one wing to sway my body in his direction. My older brother's arms are crossed and his wings wide open. The mist wrapped around us is coating his clothes and long hair pulled into a bun with ice fractals. A few long locks of dark brown hair are falling out of it and across his sharp, young face.
"My name is Anael and I am responsible for leading the Garrison. You will address with me or the Archangels for any precision about the orders."
"So kind of you," Alastair hums.
I tilt my head in confusion.
Only, instead of burning from the inside as evil gets exorcised... absolutely nothing happens. I can feel my eyes widen in disbelief.
Human to knock up. Better get to work now."
She raises an arm and lowers it slowly.
Ruby. The demon Sam Winchester used to frequent goes by this name, the one we defended him to see... Is that why the demons tried to lure us away with the soulmates seal? Were they trying to kill the Winchesters? Or is there something else?
I stand up, unsteady on my feet. I lean against the nearest tree, still gripping on my weapon.
"Well well, Castiel. You sure know how to make a dramatic entrance! I'm not sure whether to applaud or send you off for rehab."
I crack my eyes open. My vision is blurred and the world is spinning around me. I am lying on the ground and my wings are widely spread, casting a huge shadow over the screaming Humans who are trying to cover their eyes.
"ANAEL!" I shout again, now that no Human will suffer from hearing my voice.
They are deep blue-gray, dark and wistful.
"Oh," he frowns.
"Five centuries have passed since the Apocalypse."
I snap my wings open and fly away without giving the righteous man an answer, without even a last glance. The situation is critical, and I have much more important things to do than to answer a Human's questions.
Anna breaks the kiss.
"You may go."
What exactly is going on in Heaven?
"Lucifer is not God."
"I couldn't stop any of it." His voice is hoarse and heavy with guilt. "She still made the deal. She still died in the nursery, didn't she?"
. An unavoidable sacrifice.
Sadness flashes across her vessel's eyes as the wind frees a few strands of hair from her shawl that start fluttering before her face.
I look up to the sky when I hear the voice resonating through my skull and I unfurl my wings. But Siosp, my brother in charge of supervising me today, remains still as if he didn’t hear the call. He has been acting apathetic all day. I glance at him and nudge his arm to urge him to get ready to fly too. He finally tears his eyes off the silent city and shakes his head in dejection.
Anael snaps his face up, green eyes locking with Balthazar’s.
"Lucifer, bow before the Humans! You know the fate of those who rebel."
A murmur of protest runs through our ranks, and Htmorda stands up as well, his amethyst-colored eyes flashing with indignation.
"Good. Now go back to your station. And we never had this conversation."
have faith in God's plan, in God's existence, because voicing even the slightest doubt, the slightest hesitation – as Siosp did – is a death sentence.
"A meeting, Anna?
"Let me guess," Dean’s voice rises. "You’re here for the
At my feet, Abel is stroking the dead lamb’s head in silence.
"We came flying."
"Of course not!"
"To stop Lucifer..." he whispers.
Ah ah! Sounds rather good, doesn't it?" He lets out a laugh. "This will look very good in my report to the hierarchy. They enjoy anything that's cryptic. It is, after all, Father's trademark."
"Betray him and deliver him to his... ? I would never do that. I love Jesus and I will never betray him."
Frustrated, I close my hands into fists as I glance at the old woman who has been whispering prayers for more than an hour. We're acting under Uriel's orders, he's still in command until the commission deems me worthy of resuming my duties. For the almost one month that this situation has been going on, Uriel has been undoing my war strategy and seal safeguarding, he cancelled the arbitrary rotation and seal assignment to the soldiers. I strongly disapprove of his methods, even if they're more conventional and approved by the hierarchy. Neglecting some seals to protect others is not a wise move. Surely the demons know now that Sister Abigail is under our protection, and they won't risk fighting two Warriors of God when there are other seals left undefended, ready for the taking.
It has been centuries since we last heard his voice. He grabs Pmox's shoulder and spreads his wings, ready to fly.
I didn't even think of using the regular terms to summon my soldiers. I am fully aware that the Winchesters will go to Heaven when they die and that their sorrows will be greatly compensated, yet I can't help but feel sorry for Dean. Did I raise him from Hell only to throw the curse on his family? So that he could watch helplessly while Sam dies at his own hand, unless Lucifer murders him first with Sam's hand?
"Reveal what?"
Well, had it been so simple, the Garrison would have won the war long ago. Dean's suggestion cannot be considered an order. The mission's objective is clear: we must obey the righteous man's orders, whatever they may be, or destroy the city if he gives us none. It's not that easy to direct the conversation to lead him to give us a clear and precise order, without revealing what his role is in this mission.
"There is a God," I snap back.
Michael tilts his head and narrows his copper-colored eyes – he seems surprised.
"We won’t be able to bring all of them back. We're running out of time. Is your intention to resurrect them randomly? Shouldn’t we choose only those who
I’m not the only one. All around, my brothers are falling too, hard – Uriel and Hester nearly hit me as they smash into the ground.
