A/N: Please review. Thank You,
“If you speak one more time, you’ll find out the marvelous limit to my patience,” Cas said to Metatron before turning to Dean and gently saying, “Are you alright? I know how much you hate flying.”
As he walked towards Cas’s familiar car, he was struck by another memory.
At the mention of Dean, Cas started yelling at Chuck. “He had not right to do that, no fucking right!”
“Yes, a curse, I used to be a witch but then the scribe, Metatron, he stole my essence-”
He enveloped Dean into a bone-crushing hug and yelled right into Dean’s ear, “My man, man I love you” as he clapped him on the back. Dean was sure he was going to be deaf after this party.
Dean smiled, “Sammy, they were probably talking about you and I’m pretty sure she likes you.”
Sam, who had been watching in TV in the living room amusingly glanced at his older brother before looking back to the screen.
?” Dean whispered. He could barely breath.
to talk about this, Dean,” Castiel yelled after him.
Dean nodded. He felt more at ease now. But he still wanted to know why Ruby was here.  “Then what are you doing here?”
“I too am very fond of them,” Cas agreed as he held Bobby John’s little fingers.
They had been eating dinner when the song came on the radio. Dean, being ever the enthusiast jumped off his stool and had dragged Cas to the living room.
“What?” Cas said gently. He took a seat next to Dean and intertwined their fingers. “What did he say?”
“Look I know what I did was bad but we can get-”
“Yes, Dean,” Cas said. “God, of course, I want to.”
But he didn’t. He didn’t shout or yell or cry out. He didn’t shed a tear. He didn’t even move from the spot he was standing on. He was frozen to the spot, the one that was next to his brother.
One day when Mary Winchester was out on a walk with her baby, she had an epiphany as she kept catching Dean smile whenever he stared up at the clear sky.
“Being an ass.”
He glanced at Castiel, who was sitting in the front. Castiel had his head down so Dean wasn’t sure what he was doing. Could’ve been reading or writing or even drawing. Who really knew when it came to Castiel? He smiled. Cas was adorable.
Sam practically jumped out of his father's arms and ran to Dean. He jumped on Dean's lap and said, "Guess who I saw today."
. It was quite a shocking turn of events, seeing as Dean was rarely even in the same room as him.
“Yes!” Asher put his fist in the air in triumphant.
“He drove us here, dad,” Sam answered.
Cas gritted his teeth and he thought he saw red everywhere. “Tell me chuck, do you know where he is?”
“Yes, I’m sure, please Sammy, if we find out that there’s something really wrong with me, don’t tell Cas. He needs to live his life and I can’t be the reason that keeps him from doing the things he wants to do.”
“Dude, that’s like a year away and the PSAT was enough brain exercise for me. I’m not worried.”
In the early morning, when Dean woke up, he glanced at Cas and smiled at him before pressing a kiss to his forehead. Then he got out of bed and was about to go to the bathroom when he heard his phone buzzing.
"Well, I don't and even if I wanted to, I couldn't tell you anyway." Castiel said sharply.
“Riiight.” Ruby said and turned back to flipping through her textbook.
“No, I don’t. I was just wondering who she was, I haven’t seen her around before.”
“Sorry.” He didn’t know what else to say. “Mine too actually, a few years ago.”
When everyone had gone out and Cas looked back and saw that Dean still hadn’t left, he smiled and went over to Dean.
“So…” Castiel retorted back. Apparently, Dean wasn’t the only one who was having trouble with words.
Dean looked Cas in the eyes and said, “This whole test, I can’t do it, I- if I fail, there’s no way I am going to college.” Then he turned away and continued smoking, well for the next ten seconds up until Cas grabbed the cigarette from his fingers and threw it on the ground, stomping on it to put it out.
“Oh, that party,” Sam said dismissively and turned back to his drawing. “Nah, not my type of scene.”
And as Dean went to sit in the back and Cas sat down back in his seat, grinning triumphantly (give him a break, he was still in high school, not having to move from his seat allowed him a triumphant grin), Jason, the kid who sat behind Cas leaned over and said quietly, “You know what they say.”
“Jesus.” Dean ran a hand through his hair. “Jesus Christ, how the fuck are you so calm?”
“You know, maybe you should be in there with your wife, rather than out in the corridor, here with us,” Dean said. “I mean, it’s
Castiel parked the car in their garage. To say the commute was uncomfortable was an understatement.  Castiel had turned on the radio hoping to maybe get Dean to comment on his music choice. But Dean stared out the window the whole time.
Meanwhile Dean responded to Charlie’s statement. He had to hold back a fist as he answered her. “I’m not bisexual. I only like girls, why do you people keep on insisting I am anything but straight?”
“Dean, we have to talk about this.” Castiel gestured to the space between him and Dean.
“Plus you’ve been really grumpy the past week,” Sam added on.
The girl with the loose black curls looked up from her laptop and smirked, “Do yourself a favor, Winchester and don’t pity me.” And then she went back to typing her essay.
At that, Sam cried harder.
“Of course, of course,” Dean said. “Are there any other things that you’ve been keeping from me for the past two years that I should know about?”
“I’m sure whatever it is you’ll major in, it’ll be great.” Cas smiled up at Dean.
“Okay, okay, your highness.” Dean spent the next two hours helping Jo with her Chem homework and then studying for his own class.
The sun would never set.
They nodded at him and then he left.
Dean and Castiel went upstairs and worked on their homework while Sam played with his toys. Dean had promised that he would help Castiel catch up on his work so he wouldn't get left behind.
“Well that’s me.” He said and he put on his coat. Just as he was opening the door, his father called out his name.
“Nice to meet you, Gabriel.” Dean said and the kid’s face fell but he seemed to recover within seconds when he said, “Back at you, Deanna.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I said I’m sorry, I know sometimes I take things too far but that’s only because I lik- ” Dean didn’t finish but the blush on his face told Cas enough.
Dean groaned. He did not need another trip to the principal’s office. What were his parents going to say?
Alfie nodded. He turned to Theo, “How about you? Managed to ask someone?”
“It’s awesome, isn’t?” Someone said behind him. He turned and saw a redhead girl in overalls and black converse standing there. When he still didn’t say anything, she stretched out her hand, smiled and said, “Hey, I’m Charlie. What’s your name?”
“I cannot believe him.”
“SAM.”
“Yes.”
“Dunno, probably not much,” Castiel said as he sat down and placed one bowl for Dean and another for himself.
“Who?”
"Sure." Mary gave a small hesitant smile.
Bobby opened his beer and then scratched his beard before taking a sip. “Dean, a buddy of mine, Rufus- he uh- he said that got a place for you two boys.”
“Hmm, let me think,” Dean put his fingers onto his chin as if he was contemplating on how to answer the question. Then he spat out, “Maybe never.”
Dean shook his hand off of his arm and said, “I’m fine.” Asher nodded and then went back in to join the conversation.
Ruby rolled her eyes. “Jesus, you really are overprotective. We're here to study. The kid asked me to tutor him.”
"I don't know what you're talking about." Castiel crossed his arms and looked the other way.
Once he had the route memorized, he sped out of the house and jumped into his car as quickly he could.
"That's pretty sad, Dean." Castiel yawned.
When they finished kissing, Dean rested his forehead against Cas’s and said, “I’m sorry, Cas, I’m so sorry. What I did, God that was wrong.” A tear spilled out, then another one and then Dean was shaking as sobs wracked his body.
"I think she's dying, Dean." Castiel said promptly.
Dean bit his lip. “You’re right but you shouldn’t self-destruct just cuz I’m a dick.”
So of course Dean wanted that to stop. However, he couldn’t find a way to apologize since Castiel kept avoiding him all the time.
Years later, his little brother would tease him about how he could never shut his mouth even from the start. But he would just roll his eyes and lightly punch Sam in the arm.
At exactly seven p.m., John called and told Naomi that Dean now had a little brother. Dean being his usual sneaky self, was actually listening in on the phone conversation and had momentarily forgotten that no one knew and said, "What's his name, daddy?"
In the dark of his dorm room, Dean grinned at his phone. Yep, it was definitely the right decision to break it off with Lisa.
Well, let's not say that. It was still a misfortune for Ms.Milton, who now had to put up with the couple and for Jason,
“Yeah but you’re thirteen, you shouldn’t cuss.”
Cas resisted the urge to roll his eyes. “Yes, I am quite alright, I am not in your damsel in distress.”
Things weren’t only going great for them though. A few days ago, during their weekly chat, Sam had called to tell Dean that he had gotten accepted into Stanford Law.
Afterwards, when Sam was tucked away to sleep, Dean and John were sitting at the kitchen table silently. Dean wouldn't let himself look up at his dad.
vampire.
"Ever since mommy died-" Suddenly, John got up from the couch, knocking over the bottle, which in turn shattered into a million different pieces.
"It's nice to meet you too, Mr. Winchester," Inias said and held out his hand.
Chuck smiled, “No, you’re right. That was me. I wanted you to see that you couldn’t change things no matter how much you wished you could. Dean, I’m sorry to say this but you and your brother will always have a destiny to uphold.”
Upon entering the room, Dean saw that his mom was asleep. His father, however, wasn't. John was sitting in the chair and holding something very little wrapped in several blankets. Dean was pretty sure that it was Sam.
"Hey!" Dean called after him as he entered the house and locked the door.
“Okay,” Dean said bleakly.
The others woke up a bit later. When they were done getting ready, they all went downstairs to eat breakfast. All but one.
“I told them that I wanted to stay home until things got bad,” Castiel said.
“Shut up, Dean,” Castiel said even though the corners of his mouth had twitched upward.
Dean snickered. “Is that Jess?”
On instinct, Naomi patted her plump stomach and said, "Almost nine months."
"Cas, look at me." John said and Castiel raised his head shyly. John could see traces of a bruise around Castiel's right eye.
"What are you doing here?" As he said that, he shifted his gaze and raised his eyebrows when he noticed Anna was there as well.
"My parents said that I'm going to have a brother." Dean's words dripped with disdain.
Bobby then turned around to glance at Sam, who had nodded in Dean’s direction. “I don’t think Dean wants to talk about it.”
“No, I walked here.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Zack looked up and his eyes seemed to have a mischievous glint. But upon closer inspection, they looked mean, sinister even.
Sam smirked. “I saw you and Cas a few days ago in front of the house. Both of you were saying goodbye in a
Jess laughed from the bed and said, “Just be careful, guys. Don’t want to give Sam an aneurysm.”
Dean walked into the kitchen and went to grab the cereal. As he poured the cereal and added in milk into his bowl, he heard a familiar voice.
Thank you,
Cas shot him an amused look as he took off his shoes and placed them neatly next to their other shoes. “Are you just going to repeat everything I say?”
Time went on eventually and the flock disappeared (Cas still doesn’t know where all of the girls went, he swears he didn’t see them afterward, which is kind of weird considering they live in a pretty small town). And then Dean and Cas went back to being friends.
“I was just paying my respects. I may have been bitchy and teased him a lot back in the day,” She smiled but after a few seconds, her smile grew sad and she added, “But he was a
John thought that Castiel was probably hiding up in the room he shared with Sam and decided that it was best to send Dean to talk with him. Of course, John did not know that Dean and Castiel were still in a dispute over what had happened a few weeks ago and Dean didn’t really want to tell him. He knew he would get a smack up his head for being so idiotic.  His father might have been caring and had gotten really better ever since the “never-to-talk-about” incident but he still did not tolerate childish and silly behavior.
Jo rolled her eyes. “Only you would go to a dance dressed as a turkey.”
“Jo, I can be wrong about a lot of things but one thing I can tell you is that older siblings never stop caring for their younger siblings.” Dean gave a small smile. “Trust me, I know.”
Dean glared at him. “Fine, let’s start off with the fact that you lied to me.”
“I’m sorry about what we said.”
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
“Yeah?” Dean turned his head.
Castiel arched an eyebrow “I had a girlfriend before I went out with you. It’s called being bisexual or pansexual. Sexuality is fluid.”
Dean had known Castiel from a young age too and he couldn't imagine what it would be like to lose him. He hoped that day would never come.
“Do you want some iced tea?” Dean asked abruptly.
"Why don't you want to hang out with me anymore?" Castiel's voice cracked.
No matter how much he would beg, Dean knew that his dad wouldn’t let him and Sam go with them. It was stressful enough and John did not want to add more stress to the situation for Castiel or Anna.
“They passed away a few months ago. Car accident.” The frown on Castiel’s face was unsettling. Dean wanted to make Castiel laugh again.
Dean rolled his eyes but then smiled. Then he remembered something and asked, “Can I ask you something?”
His friend rolled his eyes. “You’re not that great.”
The real misfortune of his life, though was that he was forced to sit next to Dean Winchester. See, any person with eyes and ears could tell that Winchester was someone you wanted to sit next to. According to the school rumors, Winchester was pretty smart (Cas still had some doubts about that) and combined with his looks (he had deep green eyes and a smooth complexion (with only a few freckles, five per each side of his nose,
Instead of answering Mrs. Day’s question, he faced the class and said, “Just wanted to tell you seniors that the finish line isn’t for a few more weeks and to remind
. He would never see either of his parents again.
“Um.. well- I was wondering- do you want to go to the dance with me?” Dean asked hesitantly.
A few months in, one Saturday when Sam had gone out to meet with friends and Dean had stayed home, Dean was in the kitchen eating when Bobby came home from running errands. He walked into the kitchen and went to get a beer from the fridge. Then, he told Dean that he had some news.
A few days after the funeral, Dean came to visit Castiel’s grave. He placed some flowers near the headstone and then walked a few steps back.
Castiel looked up and said, “Yes?”
“The doctors, Dean.”
And he only had one thought after
Castiel did the only thing that came to his mind and hugged his sister. He hoped it would make her feel better. It certainly made him feel better when his mother used to hug him; he swallowed down the memory and hugged Anna back.
Just when Castiel was about to fall asleep, Dean's voice brought him back to reality.
It was true that Dean and Meg were on better terms now but it still didn’t stop Dean from being mildly annoyed that Cas still texted his ex-girlfriend.
“Yeah.”
So Cas did the only
Right away, Sam came over and pulled him into a hug. “Shh, Dean, it’ll be okay.”
Sammy was going to start college in the fall. Dean couldn’t believe it. It felt like just yesterday his brother had been a baby.
He had to remind himself. He had to be brave and strong for his mother's sake.
Yet again fate seemed to be on his side because it was Cas, and not his parents who opened the door. However, Cas didn’t open the door completely and only stepped out of the house a bit.
"Cas, every subject is your favorite subject."
“Yeah? Then what do you suggest we do?” Anna snapped back.
Castiel gaze moved quickly across his friend – from the clenched fists at his sides to the quick breaths, to the clench of the muscles in his jaw.  His vessel’s responses seemed to mirror Dean’s, his breaths becoming shallower, more rapid, his limbs suffused with nervous energy, his heart pounding.
~ Canto XXX, lines 49–54
“My best friend.”  It comes out choked, as if Dean holds back a sob.
“I didn’t realize you could sing,” Cas replied bluntly.
He arches his back and lets out a groan, Cas sinking deeper inside.  Cas moans; Dean gasps.  He almost wishes he hadn’t had Cas pin his hands to the wall because with these slow rolling slides in and out, Dean really, really wants to just knead at Cas’s shoulders and let his body move with it.  He changes his mind, however, when Cas seems to have reached the end of his tether and the thrusts pick up speed.  As Cas’s motions get faster, Dean gets more and more of a jolt with each thrust.  Cas’s fingers dig into one of Dean’s hips so hard he’ll be bruised and the one wrapped around his cock practically flies.  This?  This would be
Castiel quirked an eyebrow in question.
“I know you did,” Sam responded quickly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Taking it up the ass,” he said with a sage nod.
. “How ‘bout you just tell me?”
Cheeks flushing, Dean’s drags his cursor indecisively back and forth over the line of thumbnails.  When planning this little foray – if half an hour of sneakily Googling gay porn sites while pretending to look for cases counts as “planning” – Dean seems to have gained the mistaken impression that this would be easy.  He’d pull up a couple of videos, watch some dudes going at it, and decide whether it’s the idea of dude sex in general that’s ringing his bell these days or whether it’s more Cas-specific.  Simple, right?  Well, not so much, he now discovers.  Where he’d thought that the videos would mostly be blow jobs or hard core anal and he’d only have to watch a few to see what (if anything) gets him going, the variety of what’s in front of him proves a little daunting.  Which, in retrospect, he should have seen coming; Dean is no stranger to straight porn and he’s damn proud of that fact, so he’s well aware that there are almost as many kinds of straight porn as there are people that watch it.  Really, the fact that there are about a billion different kinds of videos here with every body type and sex act you can think of featuring two (or more) men should have been expected.  Still, he’s got to admit that he’s a little overwhelmed.  Since he’s also determined – and if he’s quite honest, at least half hard just from the sheer buffet of naked skin in front of him – Dean decides to just pick a video and watch.  He’ll refine his tastes later.
He shifts, fighting the urge to clap a hand over his crotch to hide the erection.  Pointless now.
Despite lacking a need for breath, the angel gave a heavy sigh and then cocked his head to one side as his bright blue eyes focused a laser-sharp gaze back at Dean.
“Jesus, sometimes-” he started, pinching the bridge of his nose as he settled against a tree’s roots.  When the insinuation landed, Dean sat up stiffly.  “Just what the hell are you trying to imply?”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel whispered as he settled himself on the ground next to the elder Winchester’s head.  Whatever his friend might say if he woke up, the angel now refused to leave his side.
He sounds so fucking sad that it wrenches at Dean’s heart.
“Profound bond and all,” Dean smirks.
“You haven’t seen Cas in at least six weeks,” Sam points out.
“That’s enough,” Sam says and snaps his jaw shut when he realizes it’s hanging open.  “I can do without specifics.”  To say he’s kind of stunned is a vast understatement, but Sam tries to regroup as quickly as possible.  “So, when you say recent, you mean …?”
“Have I interrupted you at a bad time?” Castiel asked, his voice soft but curious.
I decide you will get it.”
Dean closes the few steps between them.  “Thanks, kid, but I don’t think that’s a good idea.”
.  Dean might not be as cut as Sam, but he knows he is pretty jacked and can damn well work the Macho-Bad-Boy-You’ll-Regret-in-the-Morning angle like a pro.  The clothing he chooses for that image highlight masculinity; between his muscles, his smirk, and his attitude, the women who choose Dean when he looks like that do it because the image he projects reminds them he is 100% Man from top to bottom.  But is that what he’d want to project if he were trying to pick up a guy?  The problem is that he’s not sure.  He’s still not completely sure he actually
Dean’s head shoots up.  “No!” he practically shouts.
the angel.  Christ, he might do himself legitimate physical harm.  Fry a brain cell or five … thousand.  But damn, he couldn’t help but think that it would be totally worth it.
Hey, anybody who says that they’ve never even
Dean’s voice creaked a bit and a light pink blush stained his cheeks.  Something about the words played false in Castiel’s ears.  They weren’t what the hunter had originally intended to say, he was sure of it.  Dean chanced a quick glance at Castiel, but something in that gaze made his friend suddenly nervous.  Castiel’s heart began to thunder within his chest in that brief glimpse; several swallows that jerked his Adam’s apple and Castiel’s throat still felt parched, as if he’d gulped a handful of desert sand.
think of you and me…
“Hmmm?” he responded lowly, not wishing the break the spell that had descended upon them.
The hunter jerked as if Castiel had slapped him with the words.
“What do you think you’re trying to prove, Dean?”
Cas.  Jesus, if I were a woman, that stare would make me soak my panties.  Maybe you’d just grind on me like that kid did, driving me crazy until I couldn’t stand it anymore and just fucking pounced on you.”
Dean shudders.  The kid only vaguely looks like Cas, with the messy dark hair and slim build, but the rumbling growl of his voice sets Dean’s nerves on edge because it’s just one more strike in the angelic direction.  No.
With that, Dean’s hand resumed its quest, but this time, the touches were less quizzical and more intent, more seductive.  The strong fingers skimmed across his belly, Castiel chasing their movement and whimpering when they lifted long before reaching his growing erection.  Dean clutched at the top of the angel’s thigh, kneaded the lean muscle, the back of his thumb just grazing where Castiel most wanted him to touch.  The angel groaned and canted his hips back into Dean’s; an answering moan was buried in Castiel’s hair and Dean flattened his palm on the angel’s abdomen and pushed, urging the curve of Castiel’s bottom against his groin.  When the length of Dean’s erection slotted into the crevice of his rear, Castiel grasped at Dean’s hand on his stomach.
Dean blinks at the abrupt topic shift.  “What?”
“Dean,” he repeats.  “If you’re gonna be grinding on my dick, you should at least call me by my name.”
going to fuck him, preparation or not, but Cas just mouths at the side of Dean’s neck again, occasionally sucking hard enough that Dean’s pretty sure he’s going to have a couple sizable hickeys.  Fuck it, they’ll be a proud “I Got Laid” badge and there’s nothing wrong with that.  Cas begins thrusting his pelvis against the round of Dean’s ass and that sets him groaning again; Dean is definitely man enough to admit that between Cas’s mouth and his dick, it feels better than he imagined to have another guy’s cock pushing against the back of his balls, the friction just under his ass scraping his nerve endings and leaving him rocking back into the angel’s rhythm.  All he’d need to do would be to set up a good, firm tug on his dick and it’d be over in no time.  He starts to reach down to do just that, but he remembers what Cas said about not being finished and puts his hand back on the wall.
person.”
During daylight, under the alternating strains of unyielding combat and fevered flight from his pursuers, Castiel could block out the presence of Dean's mind within his, the prayers that threaded through his consciousness. The tiny shard of his Grace that resided within his mark on Dean's shoulder picked the man out to Castiel's awareness, like a silver thread within a blanket of midnight, far away in the reaches of the immeasurable void that was Purgatory. The conscious sensation of Dean's connection to his Grace was what allowed the man to call him so easily as well as what allowed Castiel to travel to him with such precision when Dean was in need. These flashes of rest and silence when the angel hid within the dismal bramble of undergrowth made the connection seem like a curse, however, as the stillness in his mind made it nearly impossible to shut his friend out. The scratchy recitations of Dean's pleas agonized him, tearing at him as he clutched at his vessel's gritty hair. The few times that the prayers had given way to weeping, Castiel had all but clawed out his eyes in misery. He couldn't imagine a worse Hell for himself than knowing that Dean was in need, in peril, in
to pick up a guy, but he sure as hell wants to see if he even wants the
Wordlessly, Dean reached over the neck of the guitar and turned the paper to face his friend.
.  And Dean couldn’t help but squirm when he thought of Cas implying, however vaguely, that the two of them had just been wasting time by not acting on their bond.  Cas might not be pristine anymore, but being with Dean could only taint whatever goodness Cas had left in him, and the thought of it made Dean anxious in a way he couldn’t even really explain.
“I believe I cared for her in whatever way I was capable at the time.  She is a good person who, I believe, loved me.  Or, at the very least, the man she believed me to be.”
Dean’s head thunks back against the wall and he decides he’s content to let Cas do all the work for a few minutes, just resting on the angel’s hips, his hands clenching and unclenching above his head, unconsciously mimicking the ripple of Cas’s thighs as the angel rolls his whole lower body in long, slow thrusts against Dean.  Cas seems totally at home in his body right now, bearing Dean’s weight easily on his thighs as they work to hold Dean up, stroking down on Dean’s cock as he thrusts up into him, making Dean’s eyes roll back in his head as he just rides the wave of the angel’s body.  Despite only being with one person – as far as Dean is aware – Cas seems to be surprisingly intuitive with how his body should move during sex, something that took Dean years to really learn himself; to be fair, he’d been a gawky teenager at the time.  Still, for someone who’s awkward as hell about literally everything else except fighting, the fact that Cas is a natural at fucking is just plain unfair.
Cas turns Dean around in an instant but then stares at him so long that Dean’s almost certain that Cas intends to flap away, in which case Dean is completely certain that he’ll never be able to look him in the face ever again.  Hell, if he did, he’d just remember how part of that face has literally been up his ass.  Not to mention the fact that he’d remember all the things they’ve just done, how Cas makes him feel, how much it would roil in his gut to think of Cas not wanting him after all of this build up, and there’s just no freaking way to come back from admitting that you want your best friend to fuck you senseless if the guy turns you down flat.  Dean’s one step away from complete breakdown panic when Cas clamps his hands on either side of Dean’s face and stares all the way down to Dean’s soul, he’s positive that’s what’s happening.
Since there seemed to be little chance of that actually happening, Benny had no qualms about needling Dean’s fairy godmother at every possible opportunity.  When they stopped to make camp as night closed in, the hunter had come over to clap a hand on his shoulder and laughingly commiserate about a story Benny had told earlier in the day; as Dean made free to chuckle and rough house with him, Benny caught a sidelong glance of the angel giving him a livid glare.  At first, the vampire had written it off as part of the seraph’s ingrained hatred of his race … until he noticed that the fierce gaze intensified every time the hunter smiled at or touched him.  Before awareness set in, he’d nearly passed it over with the rest of the angel’s sour attitude, but when he connected it to the myriad of pained gazes he’d caught Castiel focusing on Dean any time his compatriot directed his attention elsewhere, realization hit Benny quick and complete.  He nearly laughed aloud at how absurd it was; because the angel was still glowering at him, Benny didn’t hesitate to poke the bear, as it were.
Feeling drunk with the ease – the very
“I’ve watched all these visions very closely over the past few weeks, Dean, and I’ve felt the …” Cas’s pause is minimal, but punctuated with a marked inhale of breath,
"I'm fine," Dean said quickly.  “Dream.  Just a dream.”
*****
“Sam,” Dean says and tries to keep his smile, “can you even drink the alcohol you were offering me?  What the hell are you doing over here hitting on me?  I’m probably old enough to be your dad.”
“Beg, Dean,” Sam repeats.  “He should
This was getting him nowhere.  He’d been getting nowhere for nearly two months now.  As good a tracker as Dean was, trying to stalk a supernatural being in a land full of supernatural beings was like trying to follow a bread crumb trail in a world-sized bakery.  Every potential trail turned out to be just another piece of another trail or a trail to the wrong thing.
Castiel caught and held Dean’s gaze as they both laid their heads on the worn leather jacket.  The hunter’s lips pulled up in a wry grin when the hand he placed on Castiel’s shoulder trembled just a bit.   Castiel’s eyes wrinkled at the corners – the closest he ever really came to smiling – before his face settled back into lines of worry.
“What the fuck is wrong with you, Cas?” he shouted.
Castiel straightened up from his new position reclining against the rear driver's side door and leaned into what Dean referred to as his 'personal space'. Cocking his head to the side, Castiel asked in a quiet voice, "Are you doing this?"
“And, uh, that guy?” Dean asks, gesturing as nonchalantly as possible to the guy dressed in rainbow leggings so tight you can actually see the outline of the dude’s junk, a glittery top, a hoodie with a horse tail attached, and bright red lipstick.
somebody?!  And not just “somebody”;
Sam’s eyes snap back up to Dean’s and he licks his lips, but this time the move is unconscious and uncalculated.  “Yes, sir,” he says, then straddles the seat of the chair.  Bending to place his lips near Dean’s ear, he growls, “
So he simply clasped his hands together, dropped his haggard face with its scraggly growth of hair into his upturned palms, and thought of Dean.  If anything of prayer still reached his Father, still pricked at his inscrutable heart at all, Castiel couldn’t afford to be too proud to bend his head in supplication.  He prayed fervently to his Father to hear him, to guide him to whatever end would allow his first, best friend to leave this place unscathed.
*****
Dean’s voice turns husky.  “I think we need to get you out of those pants.  Quickly.”
But ….
He slides his arms down to curl around Cas’s back, and he probably would only admit it under threat of torture but it feels so freaking good to bury his face in the angel’s neck and just clutch onto him.  To his surprise Cas does the same, hiding his face in the hollow of Dean’s throat, clasping so tightly at his shoulders that it almost hurts.  When Cas speaks next, it
“Oh yeah?”
They sat there eating their food until a few seconds passed and Jo piped up. “If it makes you feel any better, I never really liked Meg.”
a wonderful start. Now Cas wished that he had taken the car. That way he wouldn’t have been early and he wouldn’t have run into Zack and his posse.
Asher commented, "Wow, I want to know who that is."
After he opened the door, he was met with identical frightened expressions on both of the Milton children, each holding a duffel bag in hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Whatever I don’t care.” Sam said and rolled over onto his stomach, letting the popcorn bowl fall, spilling the contents. Dad was going to kill them if he came back from Bobby’s and found this mess. But Dean filed that away for later. Right now, he had to find out what was going on with his brother.
Cas approached him. “Where are you going? What happened?”
"I-uh-" Before he could answer he, she interrupted him. "Because it isn't, Cas. I was upset, heck still am but that doesn't mean I would do it. Really." She looked up at him again for an answer and once again he felt like the older sibling.
But for Cas and Dean, it was the opposite of a misfortune.
Please review.
“I will,” Dean replied before he hung up the phone.
She gave him a weird look. “Yeah, Chuck, we’ve been going out for a few months now, he’s a bit-”
“So you got a ride back home?”
Cas sighed and said, “Okay, what do you want to know?”
"Dean, we'll talk about this tomorrow."
After Cas had left, Dean looked out the small window and saw a couple walking by holding hands with their toddler.
“Mr. Singer and -” Dean perked up at this name as the teacher scanned the sheet she was holding and called out another name, which unfortunately for him was neither Charlie’s last name nor Jo’s but was in fact Sam’s.
The threats had started right after they had gotten back from school about an hour ago. Trust Inias Milton to know when his kids were supposed to come back from school but never actually pick them up.
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo punched him in the arm and Dean rubbed the sore spot, glaring at her. “What the hell is wrong with you? First my leg, now my arm?”
The funeral was a quiet and short affair. Besides Dean and Sam, Bobby and some of John’s army friends had also come to show their support and give their respects.
Once the excitement of the day was over, Castiel began to worry and evidently he was showing his emotions on his face because Dean who was laying on the other side of the couch said, “What’s wrong?”
"If Cas isn't going, I'm not going, too!" Dean pouted.
When the bell rang, Castiel rushed off to Dean's homeroom. He met Dean in the hallway and together they walked out of the front door.
“I sense some resentment in that statement.” Dean smirked when he saw the tiniest bit of red tint Castiel’s cheek. “Don’t get your panties in a twist, we can start it today after school.”
“Yes, Mr.Shurley,” Dean said with as much conviction as he could manage.
Dean snickered, nodding in agreement as he walked over to shove all of his notebooks and books into his backpack.
“It’s a requirement for AP Bio and if I want to get in a good pre-med program, I have to take this class.” Jo sighed.
“Hello,” He said in a gravelly voice while cracking his joints. He hadn’t gotten up from the couch in several days.
When Castiel stood in front of his house, he rang the doorbell. He was surprised when no one opened it. He knew that his mother was home. He sighed as he dug through his bag, trying to find his key.
Dean laughed at that reference. Ruby always knew what to say.
Dean began his protests. “Bobby, I don’t know if it’s a good idea-”
After he received his diploma, he went back to his seat and waited for the rest of the names to be called. Why couldn't Dean's last name start with something other than W?
And that’s when he realized he should’ve listened to Sam and brought a laptop. The nerd had a point, not that Dean would ever admit that to his brother.
“That looks delicious, thank you.” Jo smiled at the waitress as she placed their plates down on the table.
"So what you want a boyfriend too, Cas?" Dean grinned at Castiel.
One day, as they sat on a bench in the park enjoying a lovely summer day, Cas suddenly said, “I had a husband. His name was Dean.”
Once they reached Dean's house, Dean said good-bye and then raced up the stairs to open the door. He waved through the window to Castiel and then disappeared, probably off to his room.
If you're still here with me at the end, even five years later, thank you. I can't believe this story is finally finished. This was one of the first fanfics I wrote and the first destiel fic I wrote. I want to thank all of the readers who kept up with the story. Thank you for the comments, the bookmarks, and the kudoses. Thank you for reading it. Also, thank you to my two betas, who edited this fic, I greatly appreciated it. Anyway, thank you to all. And as always, please review.
“Of course,” Cas said. “But could you tell me what happened?”
One time, Bobby had invited John for a hunting trip and Dean had begged and begged his father to let him come and his father eventually caved in. And since John took Dean, he had no choice but to take Sam and Cas as well.
“What?”
“Sammy, hey, how are you?” Dean asked.
Jo giggled.
"C'mon, Cas, it won't be bad. You can come over for a sleepover!" Dean smiled at him.
Eventually after twenty hours of driving, they found Metatron. It was in the middle of nowhere. Literally. Some forest off the I-78 highway.
Dean was about to sip the beer when his dad stopped him and said, “Dean, Sam, I didn’t suddenly decide to give you boys beer just so that you can drink it, plus I know some of us aren’t so keen on drinking it.” John added and smiled at Sam, who shrugged sheepishly. Then John raised his cup and said, “To Karen, the woman who wasn’t only my best friend’s wife but was also like a sister to me. May she rest in peace.”
“Dean, it’s like one in the morning. What is so urgent that we can’t talk about it in the morning?” Castiel huffed.
After Cas had apologized to Chuck about his earlier outburst and promised to eventually call the publishing company back, Ruby and Chuck left.
“It’s Cas, isn’t it?” Jo asked the question so quietly that Dean almost hadn’t heard her.
"You think that's so funny. Well let me tell you, in ten years, you'll be a college dropout, working on a minimum-wage salary, hoping to pay off the loans for the college that you didn't even finish. No one will care about you, not even any of these so-called 'friends' of yours. And you know where Cas'll be? He'll be among the stars. He'll be doing great things and if you ever touch him again, I will hurt you."
“Nothing, Dean. I wish my sister and I could stay but it is not possible for your dad to raise four children all at once without any financial or emotional support.”
“Well the family was great. But once Anna turned eighteen, she became my guardian and she thought we should go back, she wanted to see some of her old friends and her boyfriend lives nearby plus she thought I might do well with a few familiar faces, which I guess she was right.” Cas smiled softly, to which Dean had to smile back.
“Anything, Dean.”
After they finished planning out their road trip, Dean decided to stop by at Sam and Jess’s apartment before they went on their trip. Jess was away at work but Sam was at home and boy, did he not like Dean's idea.
“I’m sorry to hear that.” After a few seconds of silence, Castiel said, “So what’s your name?”
"Mom, I'm home." Castiel called from the hallway as he hung his coat and took off his shoes. He placed everything neatly inside the closet and stepped out into the living room.
Dean hugged back and grinned.
"Cas?" Dean asked suddenly.
"What do you suggest we do?"
“I’ll tell you what you’re going to do,” Anna said sharply and Castiel quickly sat up at the tone of her voice.
Ellen nodded but there was a strange look in her eyes that Dean didn’t quite like. “Okay, honey, I guess if there’s nothing to talk about, then you can go to school. I just-” Ellen wiped her mouth and then added, “- I know it was tough after Karen died and I know I’m not your mother but I hope you know that you can always come to me if you want to talk.”
Dean smirked. “Oh yeah, big time, I heard all of them. Especially your in-depth knowledge on cats.”
"It's nothing," Castiel insisted.
He couldn’t believe he was finally done with high school.
“Anything you have is fine.” Castiel replied.
"Forget what I said, dammit!" John hit the table and Dean jumped back a bit.
Dean smiled slyly. “You especially told us your ever-growing love for Alfie, which honestly I’m not surprised about, you guys did have that weird vibe going on.”
"Why are you here, Deanie?" Castiel said.
, he didn’t just run around while the teacher was lecturing, who do you think Dean Winchester is?) until Cas caught up to him and got his essay back, glowering at Dean all the while Dean was calmly smiling up at him.
“I am leaving work now. Would you like me to come pick you up?” Castiel said.
Castiel was not at the kitchen table for breakfast and he had not come downstairs ever since.He was nowhere to be seen and it was almost 1:00 P.M. The trial was to set to be at 3:00 P.M. If they wanted to make it on time and have a few minutes to prep before the beginning, they had to get going soon.
“So,” He cleared his throat and added, “would either of you like to tell me what was going on there?”
But now that he saw Cas actually drinking blood, he couldn’t think of anything to say except for “Um.” Way to be
“I want you to tell my son how you really feel about him.”
"Uncle, Cas, Uncle." Dean breathed.
Apparently, Alfie had heard them.  Sparing them a murderous glare, he said, “Oh shut up” and then ran off to greet his girlfriend.
Cas’s eyes were wide with fear. He had never been to the principal’s office before. He had never even met the principal himself prior to today.
.” She smirked, twirling a strand of her curly hair.
They stayed like that for a while.
Castiel sighed and thought back to the day his mother had agreed to teach him how to make mac and cheese for the first time.
“Well I was thinking-”Dean paused looking up at Castiel. Castiel nodded and Dean continued, “Do you want to go on a road trip with me?”
After Chuck grabbed a teabag and placed it in the mug, he turned back to Dean and smiled that creepy smile of his again. “I told you, don’t worry, he’s safe and he’ll be fine.”
*This is not a real drug.
would be hard to explain and so he would have to wait for another time.
"So you told him I was
“Yes you are.”
Then the others rolled in. First Cas started to talk about goats and sheep. Then he talked about cats and how female cats were not consulted about a male cat’s penis being sharply barbed along its shaft.* The more messages there were, the drunker Cas sounded.
On the last day of school, Dean and Castiel ran out of the school laughing hysterically. Dean grabbed Castiel's hand as they ran and tried not to let it go until they were halfway down the street. It was the happiest they had been in a while.
Dean threw his hands up in the air (he had never been one for dramatics but this moment definitely called for the dramatic hands) and said, “No, don’t. I just- I need some space" before going to his bedroom and slamming the door close.
. No, Dean started annoying Cas by doing little things like stealing and hiding Cas’s pens under his chair or kicking his leg chair while no one was looking. And Cas was pretty sure, there had been no alternative motive (well any alternative motive Cas could come up with, maybe Dean was a secret agent and his mission was to annoy Cas). Hey, he had a big imagination, okay!
The boy smiled cheekily. “Whatever you say.”
“For real?”
“Yep, we’ve been on a few dates already. I really like her,” Dean said, smiling as he thought about Lisa.
“Well- anyway, before we went to sleep, he noticed that there were no more frosted flakes left and no milk and he said he’d go out and get some at the local store,”
"Thanks, Deanie. That was nice of you." Castiel smiled and went to hug Dean.
A/N: Please review. Thank you,
Cas hadn’t let up and still had a defiant look on his face. “No, Dean, tell me now.”
This was going to be a
That was obviously the last straw. For someone who usually wasn’t so violent, Castiel was quite strong. He pushed Dean out of his bed as he hard as he could and then punched him in the face.
Dean smiled. He knew Meg was never going to talk feelings and he was okay with that. Honestly, it was Meg’s life and if she wanted to share her story and talk about it, he would listen. But if she didn’t, he wouldn’t push her. They weren’t really friends but they weren’t really enemies anymore either. He sat down across from Meg and took out his history textbook. At the loud thunk the textbook made, Meg rolled her eyes but Dean knew what that meant.
"Fine. How's Mrs. Roberts treating you?" Castiel smirked knowing the answer.
“We have to finish the project.” Sam called after him, running down the stairs to catch up with Dean.
Just a few months ago they were college students. Now they were done with college, living together and both had jobs. Cas was an English teacher working on his writing and Dean was a biomedical engineer, while working on his master’s degree.
Sam sighed, got up from the couch where he had been sitting and followed Dean to the door. Before Dean left his home, Sam patted Dean's shoulder and said, “I’m sorry.”
John smirked when he looked at them and saw that both Castiel and Anna frowning at their breakfast. He knew it wasn’t the time to laugh but he couldn’t help smile at the one good thing he had witnessed since the whole mess had begun the night before.
“I get it, you didn’t want to, it’s fine.” Dean looked down and rubbed his thumb along the side of his coffee cup.
Dean held his gaze. “Yeah, it was cute.” After a few moments of silence, Dean said, “I think we should try at it again.”
Both Cas and Dean nodded their approval, taking Mr. Shurley’s small smile as permission to finally leave.
Castiel and Anna sat in silence for a few minutes before they heard a squeaking noise coming from the stairs. Castiel turned his head toward the noise source and was met with green eyes staring back at him.
"Shoot." Dean said as he leaned down to grab his stuff. He went to throw out some of the stuff he no longer needed and Castiel let out a breath of relief. At least his friend knew that he had some sort of problem.
He picked up the phone. “Hello.”
“And I’m leaving,” Cas said before he turned around and started to walk to the elevator.
"Ever since your mother died," Castiel flinched slightly, "- you've been ignoring me. Actually, you've been ignoring
"Okay, Cas, I get it. Good-night." Dean decided to end the conversation.
Disclaimer 1: I do not own Supernatural and am not making money by writing this story
“Oh shut up.” Sam said in retort and shoved Dean away causing Dean to trip over his shoes, which in turn made Sam laugh. And Dean was glad that Sam was laughing, even if it was at his expense.
Dean fiddled with the cuff of the sleeve of his dress shirt for what felt like the hundredth time. Dean adjusted his tie and sighed as he looked at himself in the mirror.
Most kids were upset when the holiday break ended. It meant that they had to go back to school, wake up at the ungodly hours of the days, and endure the oh-so nauseating work they were forced to do. Castiel, however was so excited to get back to school that he stood apart like a bright star among all the other students.
“Yes,” Cas answered cautiously.
"So you're due soon."
“SAM,” Dean yelled again but Sam had already hung up.
Dean gently pushed Cas off and then put on his shirt. He unlocked the door and stepped outside.
Dean put his arms around Cas’s waist, pulling him in for the first time in weeks. He threaded his fingers through Cas’s dark locks, hoping against hope that everything would be okay.
Dean sighed. “It’ll be alright, we can write letters and emails and I’m pretty sure I can get my dad to cave and get me a cell-might be one of those old ones but still.”
There were a few seconds of silence before they heard honking.
Dean sniggered. "Okay, I will. I gotta go anyway, Cas'll be home soon. Congrats again."
"Yes, it's very peaceful."
He called for his mom again but she did not respond. He was surprised that she didn't. She usually made lunch for him at this time before her afternoon nap. It was pretty weird but he just shrugged it off.
“Yeah.”
They ate lunch and watched T.V. When, they were done with their food, Dean decided to ask the question that had been plaguing his mind since the beginning of the semester.
“Recently, me and Cas, we talked and he said that after graduation, he’s going to go back to visit his foster family,” Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat and bit his lip.
And after he met Dean, he found out that mac & cheese was his favorite food as well. So, he thought if he made it today, maybe, maybe they could have an actual conversation.
“I got accepted into Stanford.” Sam grinned. Dean could hear the smile in his voice.
John didn't comment on Dean's spying. He just laughed and said, "Sam."
“Yeah, you just didn’t tell me the truth,” Dean pointed out.
“Oh so it’s because we’re poor, isn’t?” Dean pulled his arm away from Castiel and moved as far away from Castiel as he possibly could.
“Uh..” Dean crossed his arms and tightened his lips. He didn’t like where this was going. “What do we have to talk about?”
Dean nodded. “That’s good, Cas, you
He was getting out of the shower when he received the call. It was his day off so he had decided to sleep in and he wondered who could be calling him. He knew Castiel was at work and he rarely called Dean during work hours.
“Nothing, I just wanted to talk to you.” Dean said as he sat on Castiel’s roll-up bed. Anna had gotten the inflatable bed and since she was the oldest and the only girl, she got to stay in the basement. Dean had to resist rolling his eyes when she had said that; she wasn’t any more a girl than he or Cas or Sam was. If anything, she was even more boyish than the three of them combined.
Dean hadn’t realized this but he had actually been frozen in place since his dad had told them he got bad news, awaiting whatever awful news his dad was going to tell him. And when he heard it, he breathed out a sigh of relief and then immediately regretted it.
Sam gave him a confused glance. “Then what?”
“I love you,” Cas blurted out and then widened his eyes, as if he was scandalized by his own confession.
When Castiel finished showering, he put on his pajamas and went downstairs. He deliberately kept looking at the floor and refused to meet anyone's eyes. When Dean asked him about it, Castiel just shrugged and looked out the window.
Despite his detention earlier in the week, Ellen and his dad still let Dean go to the party with Jo. Ellen, however, warned both her daughter and Dean that if she could smell even the tiniest bit of alcohol on them after they got home, they would not be allowed to leave the house for the next month. Dean and Jo rolled their eyes at Ellen, behind her back of course, but nonetheless abided by her rule.
Since Dean had stopped in the middle of the street, Charlie almost walked into him and when she saw him making eye contact with the guy, she blurted out, “Ooh, I smell discomfort, drama and excitement all wrapped into one. Who is he?”
Dean thought angrily.
"Let's not pretend that you haven't heard worse." She gave him a pointed look. Castiel wondered how his sister could still be so logical even when she was half-drunk.
“I’m sorry I blew up on you.” Cas said softly, surprising even himself. Apparently, he was
.” John narrowed his eyes and gave his son a pointed look.
Castiel momentarily looked confused but then his eyes lit up. “Thank you, Dean.”
Dean peeked over the boy’s shoulder to see what he had been drawing. All he saw was a weird star with many different symbols and squiggly lines.
Apparently he was successful because Dean now had a grin on his face and as he rested his forehead against Dean’s, Dean said, “okay, let’s go take that test, babe.”
She gave him a pointed look and he knew what she was saying even though she hadn't said a word.
“It’s not enough though, is it?  You don’t want to just feel me rubbing up against you, do you?  You want to see what it feels like to be inside me, don’t you?  See what it feels like to fuck me and stroke my cock at the same time and—”
“I tried so damn hard to get us out of there.”
Castiel stiffened; the reminder of the vast difference in their sexual histories just served to unnerve him again.  The seraph’s resolve crumbled quickly when Dean’s arms encircled him.  The slow undulation of the hunter’s hips lured Castiel into moving in tandem, causing his breath to hitch as Dean drew just the tips of his fingers in meandering paths along Castiel’s chest.  His muscles jerked and he sucked in a gasp when the fingers slipped under his shirt and stroked low on his belly.
Dean only gets a few tight strokes in before an unseen force yanks his hands away and pins them back to the wall above his head.
Thrust.  Groan.
Dean’s lips worked soundlessly for a moment while he gathered himself to say the word out loud.  “Cas.”
Dean scoffed a bit as he sat down on a stump, rolling his shoulders to stretch the heavy muscles.  When Castiel directed a dark glare at him, the hunter spread his hands in a gesture of mock surrender.
All of the turmoil of the past week melted away as the hunter cast a worried glance at his friend.  “Why don’t you blip outta here?”
"Three:  Lucifer, Anna, and me.  I am one of only three angels in all of history to have the nerve to stand against the entire force of Heaven and say ‘No’.”  The angel allowed a moment of taut silence to pass before adding, “It does not make me
"So that's why you're rooting around in my head? Wanted to see if we'd come on Angel Radar yet?"
“He’s coming,” Dean said through gritted teeth.  He threw a challenging glare to the angel, who just pressed his lips together and said nothing.  “Good.  Glad that’s settled.  Let’s get the fuck out of here before more leviathan show up and try to make us into chunky soup.”
Dean tried to feel embarrassed or even guilty about it, but if he was really honest with himself, he couldn’t manage to do it.  After everything they’d been through together, been for each other and to each other, it seemed like this just ended up being another piece of their story that clicked into place.  He wouldn’t start spouting some romantic crap about destiny or some shit like that but he would say – if it was just to himself in his own head – that maybe it had been burned into his skin the first time Cas had laid a hand on him in Hell.  Maybe his connection to Cas had been branded onto him down to the soul; maybe this was just the way to deal with all the shit that neither one of them could manage to put words to.
“I told you, Dean,” the angel said meekly, “I was trying to keep you from being hurt.”
the mountain has no punishment more bitter.
Dean tries to be mad.  He really does.  He just ends up smothering a grin, saying, “That is such an abuse of angel powers, dude.”
Dean sighs, chuckles again at the clusterfuck of weird that is his life and starts walking back towards his baby as the door clangs shut behind Sam.
Dean continued in his throaty voice, his gaze moving between the paper, the guitar, and Castiel.
“Suck,” Dean directed him.  “As wet as you can make them.  Lots of spit.”
A/N – Sorry I'm a bit late; had a long day yesterday.  But you guys, I cannot even express to you how unreasonably emotional over your responses to the last chapter.  Firstly, I thought I might lose some audience given the chapter had no smut; the hits have actually skyrocketed.  Secondly, I was so worried that you guys wouldn’t like Shooter Boy Sam simply because he was “in the way” of the Destiel smut being a thing, but you have been overwhelmingly voicing love for him.  Every comment is such a joy to me, you have no idea.  I didn’t have time to respond to all of the comments from the last chapter, as I’m taking a night class for work two nights a week, but trust me, every single one of them made my heart sing!
“Leveraging your weakness?” Dean says, and why the hell can’t he seem to keep from parroting what Cas says?  But seriously,
Dean turned to face himself but turned back quickly, his stomach churning with the memory of the dream and the dirty secret that so many of those insecurities still hung on.
“Well, I know you said you’d never given a blow job, but you clearly had a good idea of what to do and … uh … the other thing ….”
Cas barks.  “Speaking to an angel who isn’t present isn’t just idle chatter, Dean; it’s prayer!  After eight years, I would expect you to know that.  And what’s worse, after the entire debacle with Gadreel, I would
– to see how far he can push Cas.
The hunter slowly drew his hands from Castiel’s clothes and the angel fought a sigh.  It seemed that Dean’s fear and insecurity would bury his heart once again, much to Castiel’s chagrin.  So the angel raised an eyebrow again when Dean lifted his hands in front of the seraph’s face.
“And what about me?” Dean says, leaning back and letting the kid take another long look.  “What do I scream to you?”
Cas’s face was once again studiedly blank.  “Yes,” was all he said in response.
“Calm down; take a breath,” Dean said, if for no other reason than prove he could remember other words.  Once the vampire had shaken his hair out of his face and pulled back his fangs, Dean asked, “Where’s the angel?”
When Cas moved to position himself this time, Dean didn’t fight but simply let his head tip back as he absorbed the sensation of the tight, hot slide of Cas’s body as he settled onto Dean’s erection.  Leaning back on his hands again, he let Cas drive their coupling, the angel slowly sliding along Dean’s length, kneading at the hunter’s shoulders and he moved up and down.  As Cas’s pace increased, Dean curled his arms around him, clutching at one shoulder and one flexing cheek and letting his mouth trail along the ridge of the angel’s collarbone.  Cas’s muscles strained as he quickened his pace, panting just above Dean’s face pressed to his chest.  The angel began to angle his hips as he rocked, chafing his own erect penis against Dean’s stomach and whimpering with every pleasurable tug of sensation.  When Dean wrapped one hand around Cas’s length and started a swift, tight stroke, the angel’s pace faltered and his nails dug into the thick muscle at Dean’s shoulders.  Dean brought his free hand up to drag his thumb across the angel’s bottom lip; the angel groaned and bit down on it.
The hunter responded by turning his head so that just the top of his cheek pressed against Castiel’s still poised above him and rocking his hips against the hand still loosely gripping his erection.  Castiel couldn’t help furrowing his brow in bewilderment.  After all the avoidance and protestations and jokes to the contrary, it seemed impossible to consider that Dean could possibly reciprocate any of the yearnings that nearly swallowed him whole.
"Well, hey, you deconstructed me, I think it's time for me to return the favor.  Tell you what you 'scream'."
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s just … weird,” Dean said after a moment.  “Thinking of you … you know ….”
As Dean strips his bed, gathers up his clothes, and hauls a load of whites down to the laundry room, he can only really think of one way to make it obvious.  Now all he needs is to find a case that gives him a viable reason to head out towards Atlanta.  Dean knows exactly where to go to get things straight – no pun intended.
Cas lifts himself to his feet so fast that his whole chest scrapes along Dean’s cock as he rights himself and Dean can’t help but bite out an angry,
Dean bites his lip for a second before thinking
The position Dean has to finagle to see Cas properly, pulling at his shoulder joints because of his hands still pinned over his head, is uncomfortable as hell but it’s worth the view.  “God damn,” Dean mutters in a rough half-whisper.
He’s still shuffling a towel over his head when he leaves the bathroom, barefoot in just his jeans, so that’s probably why he doesn’t hear the telltale rustling noise.  It’s the only warning that comes before a strong forearm presses across his pecs in a relentless bar, slamming Dean backwards against the wall.   He barely processes the fact that either Cas sharing digs with Lucifer means he also can ‘fly’ again or that Continental can tear up miles better than Dean thought because he is currently being stared down by six feet of powered-up angel, and man, does Cas look
about Cas, he shuddered – honest to God, shuddered – to think what it would be like to actually
Dean sighed heavily as he watched the two hunters slowly circle each other and glare, the one twitching every now and then as his opponent launched verbal attack after verbal attack. Feeling some of the sting of the insults himself, his hands jerked at his side as he resisted the urge to lay out the jibing man with a good, solid right hook.
“Dean,” Castiel said quietly, noting that the hunter twitched at his voice.
among us, in Hell's Limbo, had made plain
“I was a soldier of God for
“So I bought it for fifty bucks and taught myself to play.  Really just wanted to get some things out of my head, you know?  And they came out as songs.  Who knew?”
"Gotta love being human bait," Dean said with a growl. "And this Naomi chick, whoever the fuck she is," Castiel winced at the vulgarity, but didn't interrupt, "I owe her a
“Despite common opinion, I’m not an animal.  I
“Christ—fuck—
imaginings about the two of us, Dean.  In all of the fantasies I witnessed, I noticed that you painted yourself in an unflaggingly dominant role.  You seem to be under the impression that you are the one in control here.”  Cas tilts his head, studies Dean’s eyes again, and gives a tiny, sharp smile as his fingers curl around the back of Dean’s neck.  “Allow me to disabuse you of that notion.”
Some marvelous twist of fate while rocking his hips allows the finger he’s got inside him to brush up against his prostate.  Dean’s legs almost go out from under him with the jolt of pleasure, but he manages to press down hard.  He can’t keep still, his muscles are twitching and jerking, and he’s all over the bed.
Dean certainly didn't miss the complete absurdity of the situation. Hell, if it had been any other poor sap's shitty excuse for reality that he was staring down the barrel of, he might have even found it kind of funny. A fucked up, Tarantino movie sort of funny. A man who had been to both Heaven
“Of course.”
Several minutes go by with Dean sitting on the side of the road, listening to cars rush past him.  With each second that ticks away, Dean becomes more and more convinced that he did something incredibly stupid and potentially mortifying with a random stranger.  He actually jumps when the next message alert goes off.
*****
Sam chuckles again.  “Did not see that one coming.”
The hunter’s jaw was set in a firm, unyielding line.  “Do I need to remind you of our deal?  Of what you committed to?”
Dean shudders when Cas effortlessly picks up his other leg, hoisting Dean completely into the air; Dean just coils it around Cas’s waist and heaves an unsteady breath.
He wasn’t conscious of making the decision to move, but before he even realized that the thought had entered his head, Dean found himself standing over Cas as he gazed fixedly into the trees opposite where he sat.  The angel didn’t look up as the hunter stood over him, just gazed into the forest, where Dean could hear Benny moving through the undergrowth, with a deep crease between his furrowed brows.
“So,” Sam says, leaning into Dean’s space far enough that his breath puffs against Dean’s nose, “what do you say, Trouble?”
The elder Winchester didn’t miss the slight tone of surprise in the angel’s customary greeting.  It was clear that Cas had seem him try to stash the instrument.  Dean didn’t speak, didn’t move the guitar back to his lap, just gave a jerky nod of greeting.
Dean’s lips quirk up because he sees right through the façade.  “And sexy,” he says, trying to keep his voice steady enough to carry the humor.
*****
“Sam, you sneaky little shit—not you Sam, bartender Sam,” Dean says as he covers the mouthpiece, as if that explains
Castiel reveled in Dean’s quick descent from muttered directions to wordless, needy gasps as the seraph matched the tight down-stroke of his hand to the forward snap of his hips.  Abruptly, Dean jerked in Castiel’s arms, his muscles clenching as he quaked with the force of his orgasm.  Dean’s throat closed around a moan, body spasming, his grip bruising-tight on Castiel’s hip.  After a moment of stillness, Dean urged him back to the rough buck of his groin against Dean’s body.
“Jesus H. Christ,” Dean punches out, trying to push away the fear that seems second nature when he thinks that L word.  He focuses on accentuating the bump of Cas’s hips against his ass with each word.
“Yes, you do,” he snaps off, then lets his expression relax.  “Come on, Dean.  I was riding your clothed cock in there, you were champing at the bit, and I know damn well that you want me.  Hell, we’re just standing here talking and you’re still rock hard.”
response and then the fun would
“Don’t be such a prude, Sammy,” Dean grins and claps him on the shoulder, heading towards the fridge.  “Even butt sex is a beautiful thing.  Trust me on that one.”
“Whatever decent domestic beer you have on tap would be great, thanks.”
“Can you teach me how to make mac and cheese?” Castiel said.
After a few minutes, Castiel calmed down and wiped at the tears that had formed from the laughter. "I'm sorry, Dean. I just can't tell you yet."
“I did but I already took it and the guidance counselor suggested I take Chem as well so it looks better for getting into the class and then college.”
"It makes him sound like a baby, that's why," Anna said not taking her eyes off the screen.
“I know you’re in there. You can’t hide from me forever.” Inias shouted from outside. A few people had gathered around the street trying to figure out what was going on.
“Dean, that was different,” John said. “You were young and we didn’t think you were gay or that you would actually be dating Cas.”
“Yep, going to KU. Haven’t decided on what I’ll major in it yet though,” Dean said and swallowed, hoping Cas wouldn’t pick up on the tone of his voice changing. Cas didn’t know about him having cancer and that he was going in for chemotherapy in a week and Dean was going to keep it that way, no matter what Sam had said.
“Pretty sure, I mean I could be wrong but she probably likes you too, you should find out on Monday. I think I know a thing or two about the ladies.”
After a few minutes of silence, Dean said, "So where's your dad?"
As he looked over the problem, he heard Jo say, “I saw you looking up her skirt.”
Before he went to sleep that night, Dean thought over the fact that he had broken the promise he made to his mother a few years ago. That was when he realized that maybe promises couldn't always be kept.
“I miss her,” He said quietly. “
“Lonely, you think she’s lonely?”
“Well that’s new,” Dean said and pointed at their linked hands as he rummaged through the bag of the goodies. He noticed the comic books in the bag and took them out of the bag. He smiled but then recalled
It wasn't very late so he hoped that the Miltons weren't sleeping. He sighed in relief when he saw the lights were still on and rang the doorbell. Anna, Cas's older sister, opened the door.
“She’s Mary and he’s Bobby John,” Sam said softly as he smiled down at them and then gently placed Mary into Dean’s arms while giving Bobby John to Cas.
(Day of the trail)
“Burgers,” Dean answered flatly, without looking up from his book.
“Dean’s probably. Where else?” Castiel said as he folded his shirts.
"Really, you think so?"
“Don’t ever say that, Dean. I love you and you will always deserve me, no matter what happens.”
“We have decided to leave home.” Castiel said as he finished his breakfast.
Unfortunately, he wasn't sitting next to Dean, due to alphabetical order and was sandwiched between the two twins, Raphael and Michael. He tried not to think of what the name meant to him. It mostly worked for him. However, that didn't mean he could stop the arguing between the twins. The no-talking rule
Cas shook his head as he thought over the possibilities of Dean liking him. Jason
“He totally is,” Jo said and snickered. “What do you think, Ash?”
One night, Dean snuck into Sam and Cas’s room. He shook Castiel several times before Castiel finally woke up.
“I need your help with something.” Dean said, then looked straight into Cas’s eyes and added, “Can I come in?”
It had been Dean’s idea to travel while he could so he and Cas drove around the nearby states for a few days and visited some tourists’ attractions. Dean kept telling Cas that he was fine and despite worrying, Cas decided to give him some space.
did he want to make that mistake.
"So, we're eight. And Anna has a boyfriend."
"God, you're so nosy. I don't know, my mom used to sing to me before I went to sleep but she's not here anymore so I listen to the radio and it calms me down before sleep."
"We're not sure yet," Naomi answered while simultaneously Inias said, "Castiel."
“And why not?”
They went downstairs and Dean put on his coat. For a few minutes, they sat on the couch not saying anything. When the doorbell rang, Dean tensed up. Castiel put a hand on his shoulder and said reassuringly "Don't worry."
to." His voice cracked at the end and he blinked away the tears that had managed to form.
"So that was Asher." Castiel said after a few minutes of silence.
After they met with Meg for coffee the next weekend, they went back to her house and helped her finish packing. Although, most of what they helped with was then redone by Meg and her mother as they preferred things "their way." Dean wondered what then was the point of him and Cas helping out but did not dare to voice his question.
Anna bit her fingernail. “I don’t know, Cassie, we could get in a lot of trouble.”
“Dean, this is Gabe. Gabe, this is Dean, my annoying older brother.” Sam said and went back to writing.
On Thursday, Dean discovered that his roommate, Cas was indeed a vampire. Thinking back, Dean should have known it all along.
Then when Sam looked up and saw what show Dean was watching, he said, “Ugh Dean, why do you watch this show?” And then to make matters worse, he went and grabbed Dean’s bowl of popcorn without even asking and started shoving as much popcorn as he could into his mouth.
"What?" Inias whispered dumbfounded.
“He’s not going to be tied -” Sam began but didn’t finish because Dean interrupted him.
"NO!" At the pointed look Dean gave him, Castiel looked down at the table and whispered, "Yeah." His voice cracked a bit at that but he tried not to show how upset he really was.
sorry, his schooling career. At first they were buddies. They helped each other with homework and hung out during recess with the other boys. Plus, they would switch lunch bags once in a while (not because they didn’t like what their parents had packed them but because they loved the element of surprise). Weirdos, right?
“God, Dean – I didn’t mean it like that, I just- I’ll help you find them.”
“You know, ghosts, witches, demons, all that crap.” Sam shook his head as if to show how ridiculous he believed his father to be.
The phone was buzzing but Dean did not want to pick it up. He knew who was calling before even looking at the caller ID. Dean picked up the phone anyway.
“That’s good,” Cas replied shortly.
From his peripheral vision, Dean could see Cas smiling and so he smiled too and neither said a word after that; they just walked along in comfortable silence.
Dean turned the paper towards him and said, "Mrs. Roberts."
At that moment, someone in the show laughed and Sam groaned again and this time said, “How can you watch this? I fucking hate Ross.”
He was going to see the guidance counselor later.
Dean heard Sam sigh over the phone. “Shit Dean, shit. You okay?”
Chapter eight
Castiel nodded. He wasn’t going to argue. Dean and his dad needed to talk and he didn’t want to get in the middle of that. He packed up his backpack and left Dean’s bedroom quietly.
The Winchesters and the Miltons were neighbors so whenever Naomi had some free time, she came over with Castiel.
Disclaimer 1: I do not own Supernatural and am not making money by writing this story
“You don’t know that.”
“How long? How long do you have left, Cas?”
"I'm sorry." His eyes drooped and he hugged John tightly.
"Nonsense, I smile all the time," John scrunched up his nose and bared his teeth. "See I'm smiling now." That wasn't a real smile; actually, Dean wasn't even sure what that was. Dean had seen his father happy when Mary was alive and knew what a real smile on his dad's face looked like. He decided to try a different approach.
“Dean.” Castiel said, a light warning clearly audible in his tone. But Dean didn’t care, he needed to know why Castiel thought Meg was such a
Disclaimer 1: I do not own Supernatural and am not making money by writing this story
Dean shifted his gaze around nervously. Then he dug in his pocket and took out the bracelet that he had made. He shoved it onto Castiel’s arm.
Cas had decided that he would go to school earlier that day as he thought he could use the extra time to study for his upcoming math final. Plus, he knew that his twin sister, Jaime, had taken the car so that she could hang out with her friends before school. Therefore, he decided to walk to school that day.
"We've decided to leave home." Anna said calmly.
Suddenly Dean thought he heard someone say,
With his hand still shaped in a fist, Inias turned around and was about to strike her when Castiel stepped in between them.
It all hit a bit too close to home. Dean rubbed his face, "Yeah, I guess she would be.” Then he added, “Shit, I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
“Dean, please tell me. I’m your brother,” Sam pleaded.
“Still..” Sam said quietly.
The constant buzzing of the phone woke Dean out of his memories. Dean wished he hadn’t been thinking of them. They were just memories now, nothing more.
Sitting between Dean and Anna calmed Castiel for a while, right up until they heard the sirens outside of the house.
"Nothing, I just wanted to see Cas."
Jo cocked her head and said, "For what?"
He was proven wrong when she said, “Okay, Dean. It’s nice to meet you.”
Dean shook his head but smiled nonetheless, he had expected nothing less from Meg. “Right back at you.”
He knew he couldn’t do that; there was no going back. No matter how much you want to go back and undo something, you can’t. This wasn’t
“That was Bobby Singer. He’s an old friend of my dad’s, just gave me a warning.”
Dean unclenched the fist he hadn’t realized he had been clenching. No matter how many years had passed, he wanted to find that piece of shit and give him a piece of his mind. Then he breathed out.
While Castiel took a shower, Dean told John about their day and what they had done. He especially made sure to mention that Castiel ate nutella and peanut butter together with such deep awe that John couldn't help but laugh.
Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat. “What can we do?”
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
"Guess you're not having that child,
"Fine." Dean sat and crossed his arms.
“We can’t stay in here forever.” Castiel whispered. They were sitting on the floor of Dean's bedroom.
"That wouldn't happen."
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
"What's up with you today, Cas?" Dean said as they crossed the road.
Dean decided for a casual, “Hey, what’s your name?”
"I'm just saying that I had trouble getting an A in that class and English is my
Once both Anna and Castiel were out of earshot, Dean whispered hoarsely, “Options? Why do we have to discuss options?”
“Wait, hold up,” Dean muttered, arching an eyebrow, “Rebel?” Was Meg talking about the same Cas?
“A curse?” Dean repeated, unsure of what else to say.
“We can be each other’s gay best friends.”
Disclaimer 1: I do not own Supernatural and am not making money by writing this story
"Dad's going to see you're drinking and he's going to kill you!"
“Yes?” Cas tilted his head in the adorable way that made Dean want to press him against the bench and kiss him senseless but he had to remind himself that he couldn’t do that.
"Shut up, Anna," They both said simultaneously. Anna smirked and said, "Aww, you're adorable." She reached over the couch and tried to pinch Castiel's cheeks but he got away just in time. He scowled and narrowed his eyes but she just laughed and turned her attention back to the T.V.
Later, Dean told Castiel what had occurred and Castiel shook his head and said, "You didn't have to do that." But the small smile on his face proved otherwise.
“I don't want to die,” He said in a hoarse voice a few hours later to Cas.
Cas said he would go check it out before he got up from the table. When he opened the door, his mouth fell open a bit. Dean stood at the door and he looked absolutely
“There’s nothing to talk about.”
Later after they’ve talked about the treatment plan, which Dean and his doctor agreed to start after graduation, Dean again asked Sam not to tell Cas.
Chapter three
“That’s it,
They didn’t say anything for a while until Dean decided to break the silence. “So how was your first day of high school?”
Dean didn’t mean to be condescending but the impression that the kid had left upon him made it seem like Sam did not give any shits about school. The kid seemed to be way more into smoking joints and art than into school. Also, Dean didn't remember seeing him in class before today.  Therefore, Dean was quite surprised to see him there.
“But, sir-” Dean interrupted, quickly falling silent when Mr.Shurley held up his hand.
"That's not what the song is about." Castiel said defensively.
Disclaimer 1: I do not own Supernatural and am not making money by writing this story.
Dean was pretty sure that it was the first time he had heard Bobby curse in his presence but decided not to mention it.
Dean pushed the thought out of his head and blinked away the tears. He went to the kitchen and warmed up a glass of milk.
“You sure?” John asked, not yet ready to broach what he had just walked into. And also, quite unsure how to.
“Ellen talked with us and she said that if everything goes as planned, most likely a foster family is going to adopt us.”
Once they finished packing, Dean opened the door, waiting for Cas. When he looked up, Cas was standing in the kitchen nodding at the mini fridge before opening it and getting some blood bags out. The blood.
"What do you mean?" Castiel tilted his head in a familiar fashion.
.” Dean retorted back, smirking.
The boy sighed. “Fine, my name’s Sam and before you make the stupid joke, it’s not short for Samantha.”
Cas barked a laugh. He hated his old man and he hoped the guy got everything he had deserved.  “Just for that, you can stay as long as you want.”
As he walked to the exit, he noticed that there weren’t many people in the café. He was pretty sure he was the last one there. It had been a busy night but the customers that had come in had all mysteriously disappeared. Well, that’s the way it seemed to Dean, who was too enthralled in his latest article assignment to notice.
The next few days went by normally. Well as normal as they could have gone by now that Dean knew he was living with a vampire. Dean slept in the bedroom while Cas had relocated to the couch and Dean didn’t ask where Cas went or what he was doing but he was sure it was vampirey things.
Dean had not heard that nickname in a long time. He immediately realized that something was
Jo sighed as she pulled out the chair and sat on the edge of it. She opened her Chemistry textbook and started listing through the pages until she got to the one she needed. Once she took her notebook and pens out and pulled her chair up, only then did she look up and smiled thinly. “Is it that obvious?”
To which Dean said, “Well for one how the fuck do you drink and eat human food?”
Dean nodded shakily and pretended not to hear the sniffles emitting from his brother.
"Jesus Christ-" John rubbed his eyes again and said, "Mind repeating that again?"
And before she left, Dean uttered, “Cruella,” to which she responded, “Wilma.” Then she smiled and before he knew it, she was gone.
For the next thirty minutes, he watched his two best friends argue over how they had gotten together, neither one of them agreeing on the details and laughed along with them as they tried to come up with a coherent story.
Dean laughed. “Oh yeah and has any deity been nearby?”
“Dean,” Castiel said urgently. Nothing happened. He decided to shake Dean.
Dean couldn’t help but smile at the way Castiel’s face got even redder. Some things never change.
“What are we going to do?” Dean asked worriedly, looking up at his dad.
"Is that what you call him? I just call him twerp or nerd." One of the goons laughed.
“What are you doing here?” He asked angrily.
"Okay," Dean repeated.
After Dean started working there, he had to admit that it wasn’t that bad. It also helped that he was being paid. Plus when it was a slow day and there weren’t many customers around, Bobby or John (whoever wasn’t busy at the time) allowed him to get under a car and would show him the ins and outs of fixing a car. Overall, Dean thought that it had turned out to be a pretty great first job.
“Nice going, Singer, didn’t even tell me that you left the car.” Jo called as she neared the school’s front yard.
“Dunno, think I saw it somewhere.” The boy continued to doodle, but then stopped and added, “Can you please not breathe down my neck?”
Asher sighed. “Just making sure. Alright, see you later man.” With that, Asher left to his next class.
That’s what happens when you’re a Winchester, he supposed.
Jo looked up at him and raised her eyebrows. “Like where?”
At that, Dean snorted and Castiel shook his head.
Dean narrowed his eyes, “How do you know about the bunker?”
Dean wondered what kind of magical powers this person contained that they managed to convince his father that it was possible to take down Inias Milton.
After a few minutes, Dean calmed down and said,  “What a bunch of blubbering idiots we are.” Castiel puffed out a laugh.
He rested his forehead on his sister’s shoulder and closed his eyes like he used to do when he was little and she was the only one in the world who could understand him.
“I don’t know if you’re aware but we both have things. The activity we just participated in proved that.” Dean smirked.
Please review.
"Spring's your favorite, then?" Mary leaned closer to Dean and kissed his forehead.
you would." Theo said, shaking his head in disbelief.
"Yep, the best brother!" Castiel said and smiled cheerfully.
Dean crossed his arms. “What?”
studying.”  Somehow, Dean didn’t quite believe that.
"Shut up, Dean." Castiel lightly punched Dean in the arm.
Chuck laughed. “She’s a character on a show I watch, I couldn’t resist.”
“It’s fine.” Dean said. What? He was going to yell at this motherfucker. He was going to curse him to the moon and back and he goes with, ‘
Cas grasped Dean’s face into his hands, leaned forward and then placed a gentle kiss on Dean’s lips. The kiss was nothing like the urgent rough kisses they had shared at the party the night before, this one was sweet and gentle.
At the end of the school day, Castiel went to their usual meeting spot and stood there waiting for Dean. After a few minutes of waiting, Castiel thought about walking home alone but then he spotted Dean.
Dean threw his hands up in the air. “Okay, okay. Do you even know this new girl’s name?”
if anyone knew Dean was
"Girls first." Dean gestured at the door and grinned at Castiel.
Sam appeared to contemplate this for a few seconds as he scanned over the delivery menus that were sprawled out on the kitchen table. Apparently, he wasn’t too hungry because he then said, “Yeah, I guess we can wait until dad comes home to order some food.”
Cas laughed and Dean hated him for that. Cas was supposed to be annoyed with him at the joke, not laughing at it.
Jo sent a murderous glare Dean’s way as he climbed into the car and said, “What took you so long?
“Well I have to get going. Chuck is waiting for me in the car.”
“I don’t want to leave you,” Sam said.
Then why did he answer, “I don’t know” and bolted out of the kitchen as fast as he could and locked the door behind him?
"I was- I finished my homework and was going to go to sleep but then I heard them." Dean stopped talking for a few seconds, as if to collect his own thoughts. "Why are they here?"
“Fine.” Dean huffed and hung up the phone. He knew that Cas would come to pick him up anyway. This was where they had met after all.
As Ash walked to the car, he yelled, "Nice to meet you, Cas." He waved at them as he got into the car. They drove off before Castiel could respond.
“Meg just texted me.”
"So what's her full name then?" Dean asked curiously.
Dean had gotten his cancer back. For the past year, they had been planning to adopt a kid and were going to start working on the paperwork when he had started feeling worse. At first, it had not been so bad; just a few headaches here and there and he thought nothing of it. That is until he started coughing up blood which was when Cas made him go see a doctor. And there at the doctor’s office, he had been told that he had cancer. Of course, it was just his luck. Just when he thought he could have something good in his life, he got shit thrown at his face. As if that wasn’t bad enough, the doctor told him that because he had gotten it a second time, he had a lower chance of survival.
“About the party…?” Dean scratched the back of his head, stalling for time as he tried to remember. It wasn’t much of a surprise when he drew a blank. “Eh, see it would help if I knew what party you were talking about.”
Dean nodded.
Once Dean saw that Zack could no longer hurt Cas, he held out his hand and helped pull him to his feet.
"You deserved better, Jo." Dean whispered.
had to ask what was up with her shoes. They were slippers, the kind that had bunny ears and were often paired with pajamas.
Sam didn't really understand what was happening but he hugged Castiel anyway, right after Dean had. It made Castiel feel better, even if it was only for a small period of time.
“Well I wasn’t always one.” And see if this was a TV show, there would have been a dramatic pause and a flashback. But this isn’t a TV show so Dean and Cas just sit there and stare at each other in awkward silence for a several seconds. Until Dean breaks the silence and says, “So how did you become a premium member of the undead?”
And Dean definitely did not like seeing the look back on his dad’s face, especially when he was proven right when his dad sat down at one of the kitchen stools and said, “I’ve got bad news.”
Dean said nothing to that and just let Castiel follow him.
He was lying on the hospital bed, bloodied, bruised and was all bandaged up.
Cas laughed. “Dean, where do you come up with that stuff, it’s so freaking corny.”
They drove the rest of the way to school in silence.
He’s not jealous. Nope. Not one bit.
“Maybe it’ll get me out of here.”
“You what?”
Dean rolled his eyes. Then Chuck came closer to him and pressed two fingers against his forehead. Dean knew it was time so he closed his eyes.
“Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?” Dean smirked.
"Shut up," Dean said and went to ruffle his friend's hair. Castiel swatted at his hand but Dean knew that he wasn't really upset; Castiel's smile was the best indicator.
“Fine, we can be co-bi friends.” Jo corrected.
It looked like Anna suddenly had a change of heart because then she said, "Okay, fine, you can come in."
When Dean was finally aware of what was he doing, he turned around to run far far away and prayed Castiel would be too drunk in the morning to remember this when he felt a hand on his arm and was suddenly being pulled into a room.
"She wasn't feeling well so we had a babysitter come over."
Dean had just gotten home from another doctor’s appointment and for the past half hour, he had been sitting on the couch, not saying a thing.
"Don't ever call me that again." Ash said.
"Hmm?" Castiel yawned.
, Winchester!
Jo huffed and glared at him. “Good morning, Dean.”
had to be it.
“I could eat.” Dean answered back and then sat up, “Why are we yelling?” He muttered to himself. Then he walked to the kitchen and sat at the counter. “Hey, maybe we should wait until dad gets back from work?”
As he got up from the living room floor and got ready to chase Sam (who was already out in the backyard) and give him the biggest wedgie that dork deserved, Dean thought about how the summer had had its ups and downs but how overall it had been a pretty good one and how he couldn’t wait for the school year. He was sure it was going to be a great one.
Dean laughed and then clinked his mug with hers.
“I’m smoking, you want one?” Dean offered up the pack to Cas. When Cas did not respond, Dean put the pack back in his pocket.
"Sam, we agreed for five minutes. It's time to go to sleep," John said sternly as he walked back in from the kitchen.
“Well, one time we had this fight and Dean was really mad at me and said he wasn’t going to talk to me. But then a few minutes later, he started talking again.”
“Someone will see,” Cas said and tried to push Dean off him. They were in the backseat of Cas’s car.
“Where are you going?” Anna asked him calmly. That was why he loved his sister. She never thought any of his plans or ideas were crazy or out of reach and she always listened, no matter what.
“Sammy, where did you get that?”
"C'mon, Cas, it wont hurt anyone. I promise I won't tease Anna." Dean tried to sound convincing.
“What do
Cas chuckled, “I figured.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. God, I was stupid.” Castiel lowered his gaze to the floor.
"Dean, I'm not a genius. And I'm going to have a little brother!" Castiel could barely contain his excitement. It reminded Dean of the day Sam was born. He realized then that he hadn't seen Castiel this excited in a very long time.
P.S. I am still looking for a beta reader.
“What the fuck do you mean nothing?” Jo started to pull out of the driveway. “I was waiting a heck of a long time for it to be ‘nothing.’”
"So how was your day?" Castiel asked as they walked down the street.
“Dude, are you okay?” Asher whispered, giving him a concerned look. “You look a bit green.”
Sam walked quickly to catch up with Cas before he got the chance to get on the elevator. “What? What the hell, Cas?”
Chuck rubbed his jaw, as if that had hurt him, that fucking bastard! One pro tip Dean just learned: don’t try to punch god in the face.
“Wish I can say the same,” The boy responded and uncapped his pen before using it to sign in.
Dean followed them inside, trying to piece together why this day just kept getting weirder and weirder.
“Dad just died,” Sam said again. “And I don’t even remember mom.” Sam’s lip trembled. “How is that fair? How is that fucking fair?” He shouted and then tears started to roll down his cheeks.
Castiel continued excelling in his homework, hoping to one day get into the honors program and Dean waited with bated breath to find out if he had made the team. Things seemed to be fine until everything changed for the worse.
They had a great time at Bobby and Karen’s house. All three boys learned a lot and had plenty of fun. They did not want to go home but they knew they had to; school was going to start soon and deep down, they knew that they had to go. It was time to come back to reality.
Dean shook his head, looking down at the ground.
Dean bit his lower lip. He wasn’t sure how this was going to go. “I’m selling the house,” he repeated.
“Get your milt on at the Milton party,” Dean read out, looking back up at here with confusion. “Who the fuck are the Miltons?”
Dean tried to shake the weird feeling he had gotten off and said, “Oh yeah. Why?”
Dean sang into Cas’s ear.
“No buts, Mr. Singer, fighting another student is unacceptable behavior, no matter what the reason may be and you will serve detention.” Finally, he turned to Cas. “Mr. Novak, I presume that you were not involved in the fight, correct?”
Sam stopped jumping, which Dean was pretty grateful for because his head was starting to get dizzy. “Remember how I wasn’t sure if Madison liked me?”
“Okay, if that’s truly what you want- ”
“Then let’s go kick that asshat’s butt.”
"Cas-" Dean started off.
After Dean let go of his little brother, Sam smiled up at him, “Yeah, you too. After the darkness got us, I wasn’t sure where you had disappeared to so I called Cas and he wasn’t answering so I’ve been doing research for the past week to see if I could find you.”
“Morning, Ellen, nice uh- .” Dean hid a smile he noticed what Ellen was wearing. “- jammies.”
As Ellen opened the door, Dean glanced back at the Winchester house. He watched John and his sons walk through their own front door and he again felt a sense of déjà vu. Dean couldn’t place it, but Sam and Adam’s father looked so familiar that it was eerie.
“You met me at a restaurant five years ago. We’re married, don’t you remember?” For the first time, Dean cursed at himself for taking that goddamn ring off.
"My sister Anna says that it's about being with who you love no matter what."
to mean anything.
The rest of the night went by quickly. Dean chatted with his friends. He kept drinking. By the time he was on his fifth drink, he felt up for anything so he danced with a few girls, even some guys.
"How was your first day of school, champ?" John asked while chewing.
When Dean said nothing in response, Chuck continued, “Why do you think I had you punch Zack? I wanted you to be reminded of what you did, back in the bunker. I wanted you to realize you weren’t mad at Zack or really, at Cas but that you were mad at yourself. I wanted you to see that because maybe if you saw that, you would understand and you would take the right step in direction in talking to Cas about this. Maybe I’m overstepping right now but I haven’t been around in a while and I’ll admit, Cas is one of my favorite ones and I want him to be happy.”
"Your father called and I told him that you were here," Naomi said simply.
His father was nowhere to be seen on most days, up and about on business trips. As if nothing had happened. Castiel rarely saw him and on the days he did, he wished he hadn't. Inias usually had a drink or two or
Dean swallowed past the lump in his throat again and blinked several times. He refused to cry. “Okay, dad.”
"Anna, stop this. It isn't good for you." Why did he feel so much older than he was?
"Why not?" Castiel asked incredulously.
." For a six-year old, Castiel sure did have a strong gaze. Dean would've been a bit scared had he not known him all his life.
Dean nodded and said he understood but didn't let on that he was quite upset. He didn't want a little brother; what if his parents didn't love him anymore? He thought that his brother would take his parents away from him. So when nighttime came, Dean decided to do the first thing that came to mind. He packed a bag, snuck out of his house, and headed over to Cas's house.
“I know,” Dean said simply. John had explained to Dean and Sam that if everything was to go as planned, the foster family wanted to pick up Castiel and Anna before Christmas so that they could celebrate the holiday as a family and get used to one another. That meant that they only had a few days left together.
“Well, the parade’s coming up and I was wondering if you wanted to go with me?”
"I don't think you should drive right now,” Cas remarked.
Cas stopped talking. Then he blinked, taken aback. “
“You get it, huh?” Meg looked up from her essay and saw Dean fidgeting with the strand on his hoodie. “Okay, now do you get how to read the silence sign in the library because sometimes I swear, Winchester, it amazes me how you’ve managed to do well in your classes when you don't even pay half the attention you need to.”
“You know I was going to-” John coughed, then cleared his throat. “I was going tell you before, it wasn’t right what I said.”
“Bitch.” Dean retorted, grinning. He was about to go upstairs, he really wasn't joking before, he did have a lot homework when Sam called his name.
“Yeah, I-” There was a big pause. “Shit, Dean.”
“Yeah, what?” Dean asked absentmindedly.
Dean thought that was weird but didn’t say anything.
Castiel sighed as he walked up the stairs and fetched out his key. He opened the door again and went to hang his coat. He walked into the living room and grabbed one of his shirts that was lying on the couch. Ever since
Cas glared at him while wiping at his eyes. “Don’t joke about this, it’s not funny.”
Chapter fourteen
Detention was interesting to say the least. When Dean walked in, there was no one else there besides the school gym teacher, Mr. Jefferson, who instructed him to sign in and to go sit at one of the desks. He was then told to get a paper out and write an essay on what he did wrong.
And when Dean finished his story, he widened his eyes and asked his parents what gay meant.
“What am I supposed to do, Annie?” He said as he drank tea from the mug. He moved the cookies away from him. He didn’t have much of an appetite lately.
Dean sat down on one of the old armchairs that they still kept after the fire and looked on as he saw his dad shoved the remains of Castiel’s and Anna’s luggage into the trunk.
“What are you doing here?” Dean blurted out.
“I hope you’re right, kiddo.” John said as he finished his re-heated cup of coffee and went to get ready for the long day ahead.
Dean looked startled. So, did Cas and Sam.
Sam huffed, “She’s this girl I like but I don’t think she likes me.”
"Alright I'll be back with pillows and blankets." John got up and went to fetch some blankets from the linen closet.
"I know. But you can't just drop everything, Cas. We're supposed to graduate in a month and if you don't get back on track, you're going to have to go to summer school. And
Cas laughed in response and said, "Race you to your room." He started to run toward the stairs but Dean caught his arm and said, "Shhh! Sammy's asleep upstairs."
"I know," Castiel murmured softly.
"Sure, Mr. Winchester, I'll go first." Castiel jumped off the couch, grabbed his bag and went upstairs to take a shower.
“We’ll see about that.” Cas slammed the scribe against the tree once more and said, “Start talking.”
“Practical or something your parents would’ve wanted?” Dean bit it out. He knew he was crossing a line but he wanted to get his point across.
“They were probably trying to show off.” Chuck laughed. “My children always did like to compete for my attention.”
"We have to tell someone, Cas."
Dean rubbed at his neck and shifted his eyes, unsure of how to phrase this.
"What if my parents decide to leave me for him?" Dean said quietly.
Dinner had been awful. Neither of them spoke to each other. It had to be the worst meal Castiel had experienced. And that was saying a lot since he had eaten those tacos that one time that Dean had claimed were so good and well it turned out they weren’t that good after all.
dramatic, this isn’t a soap opera. It did however make him see things a little differently.
“I know, I was there.”  Dean rolled his eyes but didn’t even bother getting up. Castiel wondered how much his friend had eaten. He knew Dean had a knack for eating a lot of junk food.
"Yes, we will." John nodded in confirmation.
Sam glanced at him and smirked. “Are you just going to stand there all night or did you need something?”
Chapter forty-five
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “So why that name?”
“What are you doing?” Anna asked, standing at the doorway.
Sam rolled his eyes but Jess just gave him a small smile and then laid back down. As she watched Sam, Dean, and Cas fuss over her children, she fell into a gentle sleep.
“You’re starting to sound like my dad, what’s wrong, Cas?” Dean said putting his hand on Castiel’s arm comfortingly.
Dean had just moved into his new building and while he had been nervous as this would be the first time he lived without his brother, Sam, who gotten into law school in a different state, Dean was done with college life and wanted to continue hunting while also working. So Dean had decided to move into a new building. While he had been nervous and was not sure what to expect living by himself for the first time, he for sure hadn’t expected his cute but oddly weird neighbor, Cas.
"It's not your fault." Castiel said once Dean finished relaying what had happened.
Cas shook his head, finding his voice, “No, sir, I was not.”
Anna got up from her seat near the closet and went to sit next to Castiel. She wrapped her arms around him, pulling him in. “Hey, it’s okay.”
Disclaimer 2: The title is from the song, Chasing Cars and I am not making money by using it as the title of my fanfic.
Dean looked up and saw whom it was. “
"I can't look at you right now. You
"Mama, you have to wake up. You
Jo’s eyes softened, she seemed to understand that now was not the time for questions. “Okay, let me go get my purse and we can get out of here.”
Dean held up his hands, “Hey, I ain’t no golden boy.”
He glanced at the clock hanging above the wall. It was twelve in the morning and so he wondered who could be calling him so late.
“How much dope are you on right now?” Dean said teasingly.
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Cas said right before he dialed the emergency number.
“Can I stay here?” Dean asked as he fell back on the couch and sighed.
Castiel wasted no waste time as he pushed Dean back against the door and took Dean’s mouth into his. Dean tangled his hands into Castiel’s hair and pulled him close at the same time as he picked up his legs to wrap them around Castiel’s waist.
Dean sat up. "Sam? What’s-" Dean cleared his throat. “-What's wrong?"
“Do you know if Cas is going?” Dean asked.
“Nothing much. Just that you’re nuts.” Ruby shrugged her shoulders.
“What’s wrong with him?” Dean asked.
“Dean, before you go, I want to ask you something,” Ellen interrupted as she took a bite of her toast, scrunching up her nose and adding more jam on it. Dean tried not to laugh, knowing that if Ellen was stopping him to talk to him about something, it was probably important.
Castiel turned the doorknob hesitantly. When he walked into the bathroom, he gasped.
"Where's your dad?" Dean asked.
Sam and Jess came over with the twins and he smiled at the kids but he felt like he was putting on a show for them. Sam also called in to check in on him daily but Cas barely responded, just giving one-word answers.
?” Anna repeated, as if she knew something Castiel did not. Castiel turned and saw her smirking but had also noticed the concern in her eyes.
Ash nodded right when Castiel blurted, "You're Asher." Castiel remembered Dean mentioning him before.
Jo snorted. “Maybe you can pitch your ideas at the party, see you in the car, Dean-o.”
“You have to go to that party.” Asher said that as if it was a necessity and if Dean wouldn’t go, then the only plausible explanation would be that Dean was preparing for the Apocalypse. And knowing Asher’s plans and all of their crazy adventures (which didn't always end so well), sometimes Dean wished he was preparing for the Apocalypse instead.
Anna pushed past Castiel and went to sit down on the couch. Castiel seemed to be dazed for a few seconds but then followed suit and sat next to his sister.
Dean snorted again. “I’m not, I’m bisexual. There’s a difference, dad.”
“Deductive skills, my ass.” Dean said as they continued to walk toward their lockers.
"Promise." His voice was drifting, which was a sign of his tiredness. Within minutes, they arrived at their home and Dean was soon put to bed.
Some guy’s facial expression turned to disgust (apparently their fear of the gay got even worse when they were drunk). Others were all touchy-feely and started to get personal. Either way, Dean always had a good time messing with them.
“So did you talk to him?” Sam asked.
Dean knocked on the passenger window and was given a feeling of satisfaction that Cas had been startled by the noise. Well just a little. Dean slid in the seat and buckled his seatbelt. There was nothing but silence in the car until Cas cleared his throat. Dean turned to look at him.
He could take the cold shoulder, the silent treatment; anything but he could never live with Castiel forgetting him. He didn’t want to live in a world where Castiel didn’t remember him.
“You know, boys who pull on girls’ pigtails do it for a reason.”
Once the microwave beeped, he got out the slices and placed them on plates.
John gave a smile small to his youngest son. “I’m alright, I can’t imagine what Bobby’s going through, probably the same thing I went through when I lost your mom, maybe even worse.” John shook his head and blinked, trying to keep his tears at bay. John added, “Karen was a strong one but the Alzheimer’s was stronger.”
“Father? You’re still calling that scumbag asshole a father?” Anna said as she crossed her arms. “He is nothing but a fucking loser.”
“Yeah, he’d said he do it. But I uh- ” Dean scratched the back of his neck, “Cas, I got some stuff I need to tell you.”
Sam, flustered, jumped back when he saw his brother. “Nothing’s going on, we were um, we were just studying.”
Dean smiled gently and patted Asher’s shoulder. “Ash, don’t worry, I might be a doofus sometimes but I’m not a complete idiot, your secret’s safe with me.”
Cas smiled. “Yeah it is.”
say,” Sam says in a rush.
Future of this Verse: I have been SO THRILLED about the response, you guys.  There are several little nuggets of motivation and a TON of backstory for Shooter Boy Sam that I thought would probably just stay in my head when they didn't have a good place in this story.  Since you've all seemed to love this so much, here's what I'm planning once this fic is over (reminder, still two chapters to go!):
Had he taken the time to think about it, Castiel might have sworn that Dean was siphoning the air out of his lungs with that single kiss.  But thinking took time and effort, and the angel wanted to waste neither.  Instead, he concentrated on branding these feelings into his memory: the pressure of Dean’s hands against his cheeks, the slick slide of his plush lips against Castiel’s, the tiny hiccupping moans of noise the hunter made as Castiel allowed Dean to work his tongue into his mouth against his own.  The angel laced trembling arms around his friend’s waist, pulling the hunter closer and allowing the other man to clamp his legs firmly against Castiel’s thighs, trapping the angel in place, wedged between Dean and the cold metal of the car.  Castiel tried to express to the hunter through the movements of his tongue, his lips, his hands, everything that thrummed within his chest; he didn’t wriggle when Dean dropped his hands from the angel’s face to his shoulders, kneading at Castiel’s lean muscles and pulling him even tighter in the man’s grip, as if he expected to the angel to evaporate from the embrace if he showed weakness.
“Speaking of awkward,” Sam says overtop of Dean, praying he’ll get the hint.
~~ ** Lady Tuesday ** ~~
About five minutes into the fifteen minute journey back to the motel, Dean starts swearing.  Loudly.  Unfortunately, said swearing is directed at the one person who really had not a hot damn thing to do with the way the evening unfolded.
“Could you, um …?”
and, as a friend, exchange your words with me):
After swearing roundly another few times, Dean finally regrouped.
"Huh," Sam remarks but doesn't say anything else.  His face pinches a bit, though, as Dean crowds a little closer.
“Hey, uh, Cas, I wanted to ask you about something,” Dean started, wincing at how his voice hitched a bit.  “When we … when you and I have … look, I just want to make sure that you didn’t go along with it just because … I mean, you know that you don’t have to—aw, hell.”
He slides his arms down to curl around Cas’s back, and he probably would only admit it under threat of torture but it feels so freaking good to bury his face in the angel’s neck and just clutch onto him.  To his surprise Cas does the same, hiding his face in the hollow of Dean’s throat, clasping so tightly at his shoulders that it almost hurts.  When Cas speaks next, it
“Oh Jesus,” Dean mutters.  He thumbs it open and swears.  Loudly.
“Oh, Jesus,” Dean mutters and his hand strokes faster.  “Fuck.
Eventually, though, Cas speaks again. “No regrets?”
Dean shifted his weight on the groaning metal of the Impala’s hood, still warm beneath him from the day’s scalding temperatures.  The flickering light from the only functioning street lamp on this end of the parking lot bathed the front end of his car in a circle of hazy yellow, just enough of illumination for him to see the many-times-folded and unfolded piece of motel stationary covered with his own precise handwriting.  Pulling a stub of a pencil from behind his ear, Dean leaned away from the battered six-string on his lap, flicked the eraser over a few chord notations he’d made above the bridge, then scrawled a few new ones in.  He’d agonized over the lyrics for weeks – months, if he was realistic – so the music had to be perfect.  He hummed brokenly for a second before nodding his head, certain that the chords would be better this time, and made one last notation.
When Cas employs his teeth in the process again, Dean can’t take it anymore.  He drops his arms from above him and arches off the wall, threading his fingers into Cas’s hair and clutching hard.  Cas allows that for, oh, about a millisecond before he pulls back and scowls.
Cas tipped his head to one side and gave a tiny smile. The flutter of angel wings became the rustle of bed sheets as Dean startled awake in his bedroom in the bunker. Dean slowly brought a hand up to his tingling lips, his cheek still warm from the angel's smooth palm.
Dean chuckles again and despite being a bit nervous about whether or not the guy will take the bait, he types back.
Something … some
attempted to harm him, but after that ….  Well, Benny was wrong about one thing: the idea of sex sure as Hell scared him in this particular instance.  It annoyed Dean to have to admit even to himself that
Castiel couldn’t help a tiny smile as Dean continued to chuckle.  “She did seem somewhat … surprised.”
Bless him, Cas only looks mildly startled at the question.
*****
*****
When Dean pulls back with a beer in his hand, Sam scowls.  “Dean, it’s 6:45 am.”
There it is, a hint of the soft fondness in Cas’s eyes; there’s the real Cas.  The angel’s lips quirk up just a teeny bit, as if he wants to smile, but refuses to give in.  So of course, Dean kicks it up a notch and says something he would only have the balls to say at a moment like this.
If his porn exploration is any indication, Dean’s not looking to pick up Macho Bad Boy (he’s got enough of that going on himself) but he’s also not looking for someone who is
Castiel would have sworn that the two of them became one entity in those next few moments; they moved together, the rhythm of Dean's rolling hips fluid and practiced, guiding the angel beneath him into an unspoken instinctual dance.  Dean thrust down into Castiel, the thick muscles of his buttocks and thighs clenching and releasing, his panting breaths parting Castiel's heavy locks.  Castiel pushed up against him, meeting Dean thrust for thrust, letting his parched lips release a litany of the hunter's name as if praying to the man making love to him.   Dean leaned his weight on one forearm and with the other, snaked his hand up to thread his fingers into Castiel's, clutching the angel's grip as if it were the only thing mooring him in this world.  Perhaps it was.
he’d seen … he’d seen
lesson.  So when he did manage to find no sign of creatures stalking him during the day, he’d shinnied up the tallest tree he could find, tied himself to a sturdy branch, and allowed himself to cat nap.  If they were going to come after him while he was vulnerable, he’d make it as hard for the fuckers as he could.
praying his heart out to an ex-soldier, ex-God-substitute, possibly-still-batshit-crazy renegade angel … well, even Dean Winchester would find that shit hilarious if he weren't living it. And even though Dean usually thought that praying was about as useful as tits on a turtle, it was the image of Cas out there somewhere, terrified and crazy and alone, that kept Dean on his knees every night with his forehead pressed against his trembling hands as he whispered into the unquiet dark in a voice made hoarse by exertion and withdrawal.
To Dean’s surprise, the creature gave him a tiny smile, his eyes lighting with mischief and recognition.  “You’re him,” he said smoothly, hungrily.  “The
“That first time was an accident; I didn’t mean to … but the minute I
“Oh my God,” he’s bending over as he stands up, trying not to wheeze with laughter, “I get it.” He points his mug to the angel.
His hand moves along his cock in short, tight strokes as he lets the images play out behind his eyelids:
“Be back in a second,” Sam says with a wink.  He only gets a few steps away before swiveling and coming back.  “Hey, you know … the next performer up is really great but the Shooter Boys like me, we also give lap dances.  I’d be happy to show you what this ass can do.  Just food for thought.”  And off he goes again, this time very clearly displaying said ass.  Dean isn’t really ashamed of watching.
some time, right?”
But really, what the actual fuck did Dean think he would be able to give an angel?  Cas was damaged goods now, no doubt – anyone who’d been through their shit would be – but every mistake Cas made had happened because he tried too hard to do the right thing.  Dean felt like most of the smoke Cas blew up his ass about Dean being heroic and a warrior and saving people ended up being cancelled out by all the selfish, self-indulgent bullshit he did just feed his baser instincts.
~~ ** Lady Tuesday ** ~~
, per se, but that everything had been so much more concrete and straight-forward back then.  At least, Castiel had thought it that way.  Storm the gates of Hell, brave the savagery set forth in front of them.  Fight, yes; die, perhaps.  But battle for good, for God, for the Righteous Man who needed to be saved.  It was an honor that Castiel had been chosen as the one to rescue Dean; Samael, the general of the garrison and Castiel’s ultimate superior, was expected to lead and rally the troops, make way for one of the lower officers to carry out the task.  Castiel was by no means the next angel in the garrison’s chain of command – a Captain, true, but there were still a few angels who outranked him – and yet it was he who had been chosen.
“Dean,” Cas said, low and intense, drawing Dean’s gaze to his.
Dean had started to think that maybe the reason why he couldn’t find Cas might be that the angel didn’t want to be found.  He couldn’t think why his friend would be evading his help, especially with Dean praying to him every night, but if Cas was still crazy, who knew what was going through the angel’s head?
deserves no praise, and it deserves no blame.
Dean growled to himself when he realized that he was blushing.  Again.  Fuck, Dean Winchester did not blush when he thought about sex.  He hadn’t blushed about
Because the heavy snores from the other room told Dean that he wouldn’t be interrupted by his little brother any time soon, he indulged himself in a moment to turn this way and that, looking at his body from a few different angles.  He hadn’t really thought much about his physique as it might appear to a sexual partner in a long time.  Dean kept himself in good shape – didn’t really have much of a choice – and he knew he was pretty damn attractive when he wanted to be.  And between the physicality of hunting and regular sex, Dean knew every inch of his body and how it worked.  As such, he didn’t really think much about how his body looked to someone else since women’s reactions usually told him all he needed to know.  After being with Cas, though, he felt different.  Just the fact that it involved Cas made it different.  He turned his back to the mirror and glanced over one shoulder and then the other, trying to hear in his mind what Cas would say about how he looked.  Probably something incredibly awkward followed by something insanely blunt but touching.
Dean supposed that the comment would have seemed apropos of nothing to anyone else, but when he gazed back up at his friend, the hunter saw recognition in his friend’s face.  Dean could barely breathe as Cas’s long fingers reached out and grasped the neck of the guitar, gently removing the instrument from Dean’s lap and placing it on the cooling hood of the Impala.  A ringing moment of silence passed.  When Dean didn’t think he could stand it any longer, he reached out with both hands, clasped the angel’s face between his palms, and brought their lips together with a rough jerk.
~~ ** Lady Tuesday ** ~~
If only to confirm that he had not misread or misinterpreted the situation somehow, Castiel pressed the heel of his hand down where Dean’s erection pulsed under his palm, rubbing and squeezing tentatively.  The hunter rewarded him with a gruff exhalation of “Cas!”, Dean’s lips moving tantalizingly across the growth of beard covering Castiel’s jaw.
Cas’s brows drew together but he just nodded slowly.  “If that is what you want, Dean.”
looking at my ass!” Sam crows.
hurt but not his body.
knows it.
Cas’s lips climb Dean’s neck back to his mouth, and the tone of this kiss differs so wildly that it throws Dean for a loop.  What he’s expecting is another feverish attack that ravages his mouth, but what he gets is Cas sliding his tongue along Dean’s in long, passionate strokes that steal his breath.  It’s … seductive.  As much as he hates to use that word, there’s no doubt that this is Cas’s endgame with this particular kiss; he’s seducing Dean.  Languid, ravishing strokes that undulate through every corner of his mouth make Dean feel like every muscle is melting in response. He’s going pliable and weak as the motion of Cas’s hips against Dean’s turn from frenzied thrusts to voluptuous circles of friction that pull hiccupping breaths from Dean’s chest into the angel’s mouth.  He barely even notices when Cas’s hands move down his chest and start plucking at the button of his jeans.  A zip of cooler air on his crotch brings Dean back to the present and he groans when Cas’s hand slides into the gap between the open fly of his jeans and the cotton of his boxers.  A maddeningly thin layer of fabric lays between Dean’s aching flesh and Cas’s stroking fingers.  The barrier is enough to have Dean babbling.
Everything in Dean seemed to cry out all at once at the loss of the angel’s warm hand on his chest.  That, if nothing else, telegraphed to Dean that this wasn’t just about the sexual tension between the two of them.  Not for him.  His body already felt cold without Cas’s soothing arm, and Dean realized with a jolt that what set Cas apart from all the women he’d ever cared about was that his feelings had developed in the opposite direction: they were purer, deeper, because they had started in his heart, and his body just started to reach out now because it had finally gotten on board.
*****
“I’ve never done this before,” he says mildly, eyes flicking from Dean’s dick to his face.  “I assume you’ll overlook my inexperience.”
“I want to help you, Dean.”
"I’m sorry,” he said again, because it was the only thing to say.
He watched as the angel’s face pinched in regret and sorrow, but Dean didn’t have it in him to soften his tone.
Dean thinks,
“Speak of the devil,” Sam says when his brother wanders into the kitchen.  “What are you doing up this early?  You’re practically allergic to anything before 10am until we’re on a case.”
– of his overwhelming want, Dean threaded his arms around the angel’s shoulders and let his body sing along with the song as it pulled him underneath the warm, lapping waves.  As soon as their grasping mouths sunk beneath the surface, everything that was himself seemed to sing out the angel’s name, and the angel’s deep, velvety voice seemed to only say Dean, Dean,
“You want me to come home with you; I know you do.”
Sam still finds himself unreasonably amused that the angel is such a grumpy fuck in the mornings.  Maybe he never got used to the whole sleeping thing when he was human and it just bled over?  His whole stone-faced persona softens, though, when he regards Dean.
, and he could do nothing to prevent it or even assuage it.
“Cocky bastard,” Dean growls and Sam laughs with him as he seats himself on Dean’s thighs.
Sam looks up and feels his stomach drop.  Dean stalks three laps around the interior of the kitchen, opening and closing doors but not actually getting anything, before he plants himself at the table across from Sam and takes a deep breath.
The shower seems to make up his mind for him, though.  Given that he and Sam have spent the last several years together twenty-four-seven, neither one of them really have a whole lot of privacy when it comes to sexual matters (or
“Do you, Dean?”
“You know, brother, you’d probably both feel a lot better if you just gave the man the good old-fashioned rutting he clearly wants from you.”
“Yeah, the awkward thing about having mid-life crisis smutty thoughts about an angel is that Angel Radio apparently has a porn channel on the station.”
amused with himself at the outcome.  He and Sammy are about seventeen hours into a cross-country trip to their next job in Bancroft, Idaho – seriously, there’s only like 400 people in the whole town, so how could they possibly have rumors of a ten-person vampire nest? – and Dean has just about had it with driving.  They’d run out of money for a hotel somewhere between Omaha and Lincoln, so Dean pulls into a field on a nicely deserted road about halfway between the two cities so that he can catch at least a few hours of sleep.  He’d only been able to stop long enough to eat and piss since they left the rinky-dink town in New York that they’d just finished up in, so Dean feels the strain as far as something to work out the tension of a lousy hunt followed by a long drive.  And he’d be lying through his teeth if he said he isn’t itching to shock the shit out of Cas with another round of the whole mind porn thing.  Sammy fell asleep somewhere around Des Moines, so Dean can’t see any harm in indulging a bit, as long as he keeps all Universal Noises of Fucking strictly inside his noggin.
“ S’nice,” he mumbled.  “Having you here like this.  Feels nice.  Comfortable.  Like you’re supposed to fit.”
~~ ** Lady Tuesday ** ~~
, did not diminish for Castiel that the plan, the job, was simple: storm Hell, save Dean Winchester.  What would come after this task had never even crossed his mind at the time.  Sitting against a tree surrounded by the unquiet darkness of Purgatory, Castiel could still picture the grotesque, deformed abominations that guarded the gates, lining the corpse-strewn hallways of the Pit; he could still hear the snarls of the twisted beasts that fought him and wails of the tormented creatures bent and broken by torture.  He remembered being shaken to the very core of his Grace with the horror of it all and the way that his whole being had trembled with vile sickness and frail pity when his hands first touched the tattered remains of Dean’s soul, now cracked at the edges perhaps but complete and housed in the man sleeping a few feet away.  Even accounting for all the atrocities he’d seen then, Castiel believed that he would rather storm the gates of Hell every day for the rest of eternity than continue to suffer the onslaught of his own weakness and futility in Purgatory.
Sam.  Something true, that nobody here would suspect."
“Yeah, then why do I feel like crap?”
And if, when he settled back down against his coat, Dean chest loosened while listening to the slow, even breathing of his friend as the angel lay next to him, well, it was just because he felt safer when they can protect each other.  Maybe he did feel a little thrill in his muscles when he realized that the heat from Cas’s body radiated all along his left side, where their bodies are almost close enough to touch.   And maybe Dean’s arms fell to his side after a moment, and maybe that caused his left hand to cover Cas’s right as it rested on the ground next to him; Dean was just getting comfortable.  And if his fingers happened to slip into the gaps between Cas’s when the angel moved his hand underneath Dean’s, it was obviously a complete coincidence.  And okay, maybe Dean curled his fingers gently around the smooth digits in between his, and smiling a little when the angel’s fingers clasped his as well.  Dean was just making up for lost time.
“—and what I’m hearing,” he says as if Dean hasn’t spoken, “is ‘I’m jealous.’”
*****
“Cas?” Dean starts to ask but stops for a second, trying to find the words.
“I should have known then, but I didn’t.  Or maybe I just denied it, but it didn’t even really hit me until the catacombs when you were beating the shit out of me over the demon tablet.  I thought, ‘Damn it, he’s fucked up in the head, he’s going to kill me, and I’m not even going to get to tell him.’  I didn’t even know what I wanted to tell you then, but I just knew I wasn’t gonna get the chance.  Three years, man, and I still haven’t gotten up the stones to say it.”
Dean moans unconsciously as the wetness moves in a stripe from just behind his balls all the way up to the top of his cheeks.
“No,” the angel repeats, “you were leveraging my … weakness for you for some unknown reason, and it absolutely destroyed all the work I’ve done for months, trying to ingratiate myself with my brothers and sisters again, and—”
“Perhaps I shouldn’t,” Cas says into Dean’s hair.  “Perhaps I should teach you your place by leaving you unsatisfied.”
The small but worrying paroxysms had not lessened over the course of the last hour, and Castiel had begun to rule out the possibility of a nightmare and fear the likelihood that his friend was in pain from some injury that he was too stubborn to mention because of the self-imposed silence between them.  Padding over to where Dean lay curled in on himself, Castiel placed two gentle fingers on his friend’s temple.  Letting his eyes flutter shut, Castiel reached out with his Grace, delving into his friend’s body to try to find the source of the pain.  The angel jerked back in surprise.  It was as if every organ in his friend’s body gave a simultaneous low, pained moan, all echoing the same word: “alcohol”.  His brows drew together in confusion before the situation became clear.  Over the years of their acquaintance, Castiel had witnessed Dean consume more liquor and beer than non-alcoholic drinks; given that he was a being that had a nearly limitless tolerance for these substances, it never occurred to him that months of extended absence from addictive substances would clearly have an adverse if not dangerous affect on a man who imbibed with stunning regularity.
Before Castiel could answer, Benny continued, his grin becoming a leer.
Cas reaches down and lifts both of Dean’s arms, guiding him to lay his palms flat against the wall.  Now Dean’s more than a little afraid that Cas
Dean opens up towards Sam, not missing the way the kid’s eyes skim over his arms and chest, and laughs.  “Noticing shit is kind of my job.”  When Sam gives him a quizzical look, he answers, “You’re wearing the same style pants as three other guys behind the bar and you have a notebook jammed in your back pocket.  Drink orders, obviously.”
he’d started to get the hint he isn’t entirely straight but he definitely hadn’t decided to actually
“Also?”
But he deserved this hell. Not just because of what he'd done on Earth, what he'd done in Heaven, but because of what he'd done to Dean. Castiel had brought every single pinprick of suffering upon himself with his rashness, his arrogance, his ruthless, pitiless cruelty and then his horrid cowardice. As Dean wore Castiel's rough name smooth against his tongue with his nightly prayers, the angel reminded himself of every instant of hurt that he'd caused his friend – his first actual friend and the man who taught him the true meanings of loyalty and family, of
“Dean,” Sam says, and the grin disappears, “I don’t do this.  You know, just … offer like this.  But you’re different.  I don’t know why, but you are.”
“I’m sorry, Sammy,” he says in mock sympathy as his moose of a brother stares him down from where he’s leaning on the doorframe.  “Have I offended your delicate sensibilities by having a discernible sex drive?  You poor dear.  Are you going to faint?”
Cas fumbles with the lube before managing to coat his fingers with a slippery slide of the liquid.  The angel’s face pinches with nerves just a tiny bit as he runs his slick fingers between their bodies and makes a gentle circle around Dean’s entrance.  Dean still feels pretty god-damned good from earlier, so Cas’s finger slides in pretty easy and he can’t really be mad about that.  Only a few strokes and Dean’s pressing into Cas’s palm, so finger number two makes an appearance; Cas manages to find the sweet spot pretty damn quick and if Dean weren’t wound so tight, he might be a little embarrassed at how loud he moans when he rocks up against Cas’s belly.  Cas doesn’t even make it to the third finger.  Dean is writhing and whimpering against Cas’s hands, his muscles a bit shaky from exertion and anticipation, and he needs to cut this short because they’ve waited too long already.
“And … is that a good thing?” Dean said, damning the break in his voice.  “You won’t regret it once we get back?”
“Okay, man.  I mean, I guess if you
“Oh, he knows,” the hunter said smoothly.
you beg?  Jesus, I think I would come just hearing you say it.  Would you say it for me, Cas?  I want to hear you say how much you want to fuck me.”
“Easy there.”
Castiel stared at Dean for a long moment before responding, “I don’t understand what you’re trying to say.”
“Yeah, well, with the racket you were making in there, you’d think you were wrestling an entire werewolf pack.  And seriously, dude?  Gross.  I realize it’s hard not to know what’s going on, but the least you could do is keep it the hell down, for common courtesy’s sake.”
“I dunno,” Sam answers, turning his head so that his lips trail across Dean’s earlobe as he speaks.  “Am I the cocky one right now?”  He grinds his hips down against Dean’s erection as if to prove his point.
Castiel looked confused at the mention of the 1950s rockabilly singer, but Dean didn’t bother to explain, knowing the angel wouldn’t get it anyway.
Castiel felt the flush on his cheeks deepen in those first few moments entangled in Dean’s embrace.  He’d had no idea, really.  The intimacy that could come from something so innocuous as sleep … suddenly, the years of Dean’s protests that it was “creepy” that he watched over Dean as the man slept began to piece together into something that made sense.  It seemed so harmless, lying down for rest next to someone, but this … closeness, the vulnerability of being at repose only compounded how much of a human’s inner mind and heart could be revealed in sleep.  No wonder Dean had seemed so discomfited by the request, by the possibility of laying his body next to Castiel’s for something as innocent as sleep.  Every atom of his body that rested against Dean’s broadcasted a keen awareness of the hunter: the warmth of his body; the ever-present smell of leather and blood and gunpowder and something deeper, something earthier that was inherently Dean; the scratchy calluses on his palms and the sides of his fingers that bore the signs of constant use of weapons; the smoothness of the back of his hand underneath Castiel’s; the thick ropes of muscles in the thigh draped over Castiel’s hip; the heavy heft of his head on Castiel’s shoulder; the rasp of day-old stubble against Castiel’s dingy hospital shirt; the humid puffs of his breath against Castiel’s chest.  Suddenly, it seemed like a much more courageous gesture for Dean to have asked to share this with Castiel.  Suddenly, it seemed a much less innocent gesture for Castiel to have accepted without question, as it was becoming increasingly clear that he had not fully understood what Dean had been asking.  And, much to Castiel’s wonder, it became increasingly clear as the nights stacked upon themselves that Castiel would not be able to remain as removed as he had expected, offering comfort but receiving nothing in turn.
Castiel tore his gaze away from the Deans again to allow the corners of his mouth to pull up a little further.
After a long pause where Dean just stares down at the table some more, picking at a cocktail napkin, Sam asks, “Well?  How’d I do?”
Benny grinned a bit.  First words he’d said to the angel in days.  Maybe it wasn’t a kiss-and-make-up apology, but it was a start.  Benny bandied back and forth with Dean about his blood habits a few minutes more, unable to restrain his exasperation at the hunter for his flat refusal to believe that a vampire might actually put any stock whatsoever in human life.  Finally, he couldn’t take the human venting his spleen any longer and growled out a sharp reply.
“Cas, did you mojo away my Refractory period?!”
“Jesus Christ, Dean, at least answer me and tell me you’re all right in there,” his brother’s voice says in a strange, high pitched voice.  “I really,
Several hours – and several kills – later, Dean hiked at the back of the group, steely-eyed and jittery from unspent rage.  He could feel the angry tension in his muscles ratchet up a notch every time he glanced ahead at the back of his angel friend, trudging silently in front of him.  Eventually, when Cas sighed heavily for what seemed, to Dean, like the millionth time that day, the hunter couldn’t stop the fury from boiling up from his gut and out of his throat.
But a blur of motion and noise streaked over him and the vamp was gone, rolling on the ground a few feet away, now under the meaty arms of another man – another vampire? – that raised a weapon that looked like it had been made out of a giant spinal column.  Dean shuddered at what beast could possibly have supplied that spine, then thanked his lucky stars that he hadn’t found out.  The bigger man hissed, his fangs dropping out, as he swung the spine club down and silenced Dean’s attacker.
Reflection on his time with the Winchesters and all that had passed between them had Castiel dropping to the leaf-covered ground beneath the tree instead of merely just hovering to gather himself.  He leaned his head back against the rough bark and let his eyes drop shut.  A few deep breaths filled his chest before he examined that method of self-examination, the cataloging of his physical well-being.  Apparently, acquiring sneaky brawling tactics and an appreciation for unsavory diner food were not the only things the angel had absorbed in his time with his human charges: he’d begun to think of this body, this vessel, as his own, as
“Dean,” he whispered, his voice rough, gravel against his sensitive tongue.  “Dean, you say this as if you have … imagined our friendship evolving into a sexual relationship.”
The guy is fucking gorgeous.  Dark hair ruffling in that I’ve Just Been Fucked Senseless way, an endless scruff of dark stubble across light golden skin trailing down a neck that just begs to be bitten, rising up out of a black dress shirt with the collar unbuttoned just above a red checked tie loose at his throat.  He’s wearing aviators so Dean can’t tell what color his eyes are, but that face is definitely a face that could catapult Dean from “possibly also interested in men” into “hand me my pride flag” in a New York minute.  In fact, just thinking about that face and its applications in regards to dick makes Dean’s jeans uncomfortably tight; it may be easier to make it worth this guy’s time than he thought.
Another sharp thrust from Cas; another groaning grunt from Dean.
“No, no, honey, I meant it,” the kid says, laying a hand on Dean’s forearm, “it’s just because I know what I’m looking for.  You come here enough and you can spot certain people a mile away.  Here, I’ll show you.”
Cas’s brow wrinkles and he regards Dean, a bit sad, as if something has clicked into place.  Again, Dean does exactly the opposite of what Sam expects: he straightens up, pulls Cas closer to his side, and makes the placement of his hand on Cas’s hip a hell of a lot more obvious.  Sam spreads his hands in surrender.
“I’ve gotten my head so twisted around how I feel about you that I had a fucking 25-year-old
*****
care about.”
"For starters, that 'sugar' and 'honey' and 'butter wouldn't melt on my tongue' twangy Southern charm is a very well-crafted tool to get tips and I'll hand it to you, it works.  But you dropped it like a hot rock when you saw how nervous I was, so it's something you only use on easy marks who'll pull out a few extra bills as soon as you bat your lashes at them."
Dean grinned and looked at the angel with raised eyebrows.
He couldn’t help but shake his head when the angel cantered up from his place at the back of their group to not-so-subtly situate himself between Benny and the hunter he’d been jibing.  At first, the angel’s obvious partiality for his human charge – and the resulting consequence of a celestial being acting like a neglected prom date – had been amusing, but after months of this nonsense, his tolerance was wearing thin.  The vampire had not missed the obvious shift in dynamic between the two of them over the course of the last week or so, this time on Dean’s part rather than the angel’s.  Something was different; something made the hunter smell different.  But it was the tinge of yearning in the angel’s eyes giving way to passive-aggressive jealousy that made Benny unable to bite down on his temper for another moment.
Another photo comes through, this one sepia toned and a more full body shot.  The guy is in a form hugging t-shirt, low-slung jeans, and a motorcycle jacket, looking away from the camera.  Before Dean can even stop to be self-conscious, he’s typing a quick reply.
As much as he hated being a fucking coward, this sort of Hallmark bullshit was far from Dean’s strong suit at the best of times, and this was
Changing his mind about one of the earlier revisions, Dean scratched out a chord and made it an arpeggio instead.  The angel pinned him with one of his trademark piercing gazes.
normal in that mess?  So his relationship with Cas wasn’t “normal”.  So-the-fuck-what?
“Yes, but … Dean, the print on your shoulder wasn’t a result of the battle with the creatures of Hell.”
Cas tilted his head questioningly but gestured silently to the folded trench coat in his lap.
Castiel spread his hands in a gesture of surrender.  “I wouldn’t,” he said.  Then, hoping it would smooth the way, he tried for a cheeky half-smile.  “I do not believe we have the time.”
Cas opens his eyes slowly and catches Dean’s gaze.  “I can’t promise that it won’t hurt, Dean, because I just don’t know.  But I can promise that I will do everything I can to bring you as much pleasure as I can.”
1. This fic will parallel Dean and Cas's journey through Purgatory to the seven terraces of Purgatory and two steps outside Purgatory (both before - the Prologue - and after - the epilogue) from Dante's
about doing the dirty with an angel, let alone, you know, actually
He watched dazedly as Castiel’s brows knit together in confusion.
to be an authority figure.  Although Sam’s a nerd with an obvious hot-for-teacher hang up, so maybe it’s not all that surprising that Dean has developed a thing for guys that wouldn’t take any shit.  That thought definitely gets the blood pumping.
"I have a feeling that she knew I would. That is most likely why she did it."
A strange jolt of energy zipped through Dean’s shoulder at that thought.  He rubbed at it, a bit absently, until he realized that the origin of the electric sense of awareness hummed through the handprint burned into his shoulder.  When Benny called back to him to say, “I don’t think he knows anything,” Dean just sneered.
“No,” the hunter whispered.
Dean lets his lips lift up a bit.  Now that he’d given Cas another taste of his little game, a hint that the first time wasn’t just a fluke, he could expect the angel to be less surprised next time.  He’d get to see Cas’s
Well, after burying his feelings to the point where they fester and cause him to do something stupid,
~~ ** Lady Tuesday ** ~~
slept with?”
The anger blows away now, too, but Dean stares up at the stained popcorn paint above him and keeps talking as if the angel is there listening.
Dean laughed again.  “Yeah, well … as positive as I am on the whole afterglow thing, can I move without offending you yet?”
As he stopped in the elongated shadow of a towering tree to take his ease for a moment, Castiel couldn't help but think that if the whole situation wasn't so rife with personal tragedy, he might find it amusingly absurd: an angel of the Lord charged with silently watching humanity chosen to raise a man from Hell ends up being swept into Purgatory after decimating both Heaven and Earth. Before any of this had begun, before this battered vessel had housed him, Castiel had believed that merely the suggestion of doubt was blasphemous enough to risk a fall. And yet, here he was, counting his initial rebellion from the Host's planned apocalypse as the
Dean licked his cracking lips and reapplied himself to his pleas in the dark.
—Cas,” Dean groans, one hand squeezing gently at his testicles, the other fairly flying against his erection.
either,” Dean replies.  “It’s a hell of a nice ass.”
Although he disconnectedly noted the slight twinge of a stretching sensation as Dean slid his finger deeper inside, Castiel heard in Dean's voice that the hunter was reassuring himself as much as Castiel.  Dean had been correct in his assertion that, for all of his prior experience with sex, he was no more familiar with this than Castiel.  So Castiel took it upon himself to bolster Dean as well: when he drew out the finger and then slid it back in again, this time a bit faster, Castiel did not stifle the small moan of pleasure that had built up in his chest.  The angel was rewarded with an even faster slide on the next pass, which caused a delicious pulling sensation on the upstroke, so Castiel decided to encourage Dean as much as he could.  A rock of his hips back into Dean's palm resulted in an increase in pace; a low moan of Dean's name received a groan at his ear and another finger pressed into his body.  By the time Castiel had taken it upon himself to set his own pace, Dean panted into his hair and pushed in a third finger, now markedly unconcerned at whether or not Castiel proved as fragile as Dean originally feared.  Castiel nearly forgot that there was supposed to be a greater goal to this whole process, so intent was he on the pleasurable burn of Dean's fingers within him that he growled in displeasure when Dean drew them away.
Hope you enjoy, and I promise the Destiel porn starts ASAP,
Castiel’s mouth dropped open, his lips working to form words he never managed to say.  Dean barely noticed, his face directed towards the other man but his eyes lost in a sea of memory.
And Sam is panting in Dean’s ear now as he rides Dean’s lap.  There is no writing this off as just a lap dance at this point; the kid is basically dry-humping him in potential full view of a large crowd, and Dean can’t even be bothered to care about it.
Dean’s grin widened.  “It isn’t.  Just didn’t figure you for a screamer; thought you’d be all quiet and intense.  Well,” he turned to direct the smile at Castiel, “I didn’t think I’d ever find out
His phone buzzes almost immediately this time.
“You forget,” the angel rumbled in that voice that didn’t match his lithe, athletic frame, “I am Fallen.  I am no longer Heaven’s virtuous son and have not been for some time now.  I am the Prodigal.  I only continue to exist because my Father chooses to keep raising me, for reasons incomprehensible to any but Him.  Especially to me.”
“Honey, did you not hear me say you’re hot and I have a kink?  I would have bought you the damn drink and every one after it, praying to Judy Garland that you’d let me ride you home at the end of my shift as a thank you.”
“Perhaps you could tell me,” Benny asked as the two men in front of him stared at each other fiercely, “what in the actual Hell has rammed itself up both your asses today?”
“Cut it the fuck out, you two,” he snapped, “before I knock your heads together.”
“Which, oddly enough, is what I wanted to talk to you about.  Well, not the hunt, but,” Dean clears his throat, “something I, uh, explored while I was gone, and you really … you need to know, Sam.”
Cas nods, his brow still pinched with concern.
The rest of the daylight hours Castiel spent his time at an easy arm’s reach behind Dean’s left side, watching his friend carefully as the hunter stalked through the forest, his dominant hand clutching the handle of his weapon so tightly that the man’s knuckles whitened.  Benny remained uncharacteristically silent as well, regarding Dean with a steady gaze that held what Castiel thought might be just the tiniest touch of pity.  The burly vampire departed without a word when darkness descended upon the night’s makeshift camp site, casting the angel a potent look over his shoulder as he disappeared into the brush to make his rounds.
“He should,” Sam says firmly.  He crowds into Dean’s space, forcing Dean to look him in the eye.  “You’re a good man, Dean; I can tell.  Just the fact that we’re standing here having this conversation instead of ignoring ethics and finding a bathroom stall for me to blow you to tide you over until 3am—”
His fingers tightened around the hilt of his knife.
“Yeah?”
, the second – he left justifiable protests back outside of Omaha when he dry-humped his baby’s back seat during mental butt sex with his angelic BFF.   The thing is, it hadn’t been just screwing with him that got Dean off; both the idea and the mental picture of
It’s not like guys haven’t hit on him before, so what did he look like or act like then?  He scrolls back in his mind over the handful of occasions where he was actually aware that a guy was hitting on him and comes to the conclusion that he was basically just being himself.  Well, that’s supremely unhelpful given that, thanks to hunting, Dean has at least 37 personalities on any given day.  So just turn up the volume on normal Dean Winchester?  Okay, he can do that.  If nothing else, there’s one thing that Dean Winchester can be when he goes out on the prowl: smoking hot.
The angel tilted his head again.  “You sound uncertain… did I do it incorrectly?”
Moments passed; Castiel couldn’t even begin to hazard a guess at how many.   Had someone forced him to put words to the sensation, he would have sworn that his true form had slipped free of his vessel, bathed itself in gold, and then fallen to Earth into a pool of sunlight.  Who was he to know how long it took for such ecstasy to take place?  A day?  An age?  A nanosecond?  It could have been any or all of those things.  He was utterly, blissfully lost to time.
And that was as complex as it had been to him then.  An honor and privilege, one of such glory that few other angels had ever had the chance to achieve, and he had been chosen for the task.  It hadn’t even occurred to Castiel to be afraid of Hell, afraid of failure or death.  They were fighting for God, so he thought.  For right and righteousness.  Even the horrifying reality of what Hell was, what Hell really
of you.  The way he looks at you like he’s jealous of every single moment that you’ve spent out of his eye sight, the way you look at him like you think it’s impossible for someone to be so fucked up and so perfect at the same time and what’s he doing around someone like you.  And you never quite manage to see it in the other one, do you?  How much you want each other.”
Dean opened his mouth but found himself unable to think of a way to broach the subject chasing around his head, so he just nodded and began to settle down.  Once he’d taken off his jacket and folded it up as a pillow, Dean froze with his head halfway to the beaten leather.
to pardon those who were his persecutors;
the fondness that you felt for me, my own
“You haven’t climaxed yet—”
to you?”
Cas’s fingers grip both of Dean’s wrists and draw his arms up, pinning them to the wall above his head, and causing the hunter to shiver as the angel drags his fingers lightly down the insides of Dean’s arms towards his chest.
Leave him behind?  That would suit Benny just fine.  Ungrateful jackass.
And it wasn’t just that; I wanted to make sure that when we did have sex, I could please you.  So I researched various techniques on how to achieve—”
“That’s why I’ve been sleeping so well.  That’s why you’ve been looking so tired.  You’re tanking your mojo to help me sleep.”
“Yes, it was,” Cas confirms and seems content to leave it at that.
Dean frowned a bit and then reached out to lay a hand to Cas’s face.  He hesitated, second-guessed himself a bit, but forced himself through the gawkiness and placed his open palm against Cas’s cheek.  When the angel’s eyes crinkled at the edges, warmed by the gesture, Dean stroked the top of Cas’s cheek with his thumb.
Dean tries to laugh but just squirms.  “It isn’t like that … I mean, I don’t know if he’d even think of me like that.”
A long few minutes go by before another alert comes in.  It’s a photo alert.
The next few minutes passed in a hazy blur of flight and tensed muscles readying for combat.  A shower of dirt ahead of them and the sick slurp of black ooze announced the touch-down of leviathan number one at the head of their group, causing Dean to dodge to one side, which unfortunately cut the hunter off from help.  Benny whirled around just in time to see that the angel had underestimated the leviathans’ speed and assumed that they would come at the group from the rear, so he had taken off in the wrong direction.  Benny swore to himself, but felt a mild stroke of relief as he heard the hacking slice that accompanied Dean’s swift stroke of decapitation on the first monster.  A quick glance back showed him that Castiel hadn’t been so lucky.
Through a bend in the trees not far away, Benny managed to get near enough to hear the stream of words and he finally figured out that the angel wasn’t crying, he was praying.  The words that rumbled out of the angel’s mouth were gibberish to Benny, but the gesture was unmistakable; the leaner man wavered on his knees with tears welling in his eyes, casting his eyes upwards to the sky and clearly begging for something.  Only when the vampire managed to sift out Dean’s name from the stream of sounds did it become obvious what the angel was praying
“I will decide what you get, Dean, because I know what you need,” Cas growls.  “And now I know exactly where to start.”
Dean’s chuckle warmed Castiel’s neck.  “Yeah, well, I’ve had a hell of a lot more practice.”
“Of course not,” Dean answers instantly.  Something pops into his head that causes him to laugh, though.
hunter.
Dean reaches up – hurray!  Motor skills are working again! – and runs a finger around Cas’s bottom lip.  He smiles because he wants to kiss that lip, but he doesn’t really have the energy to move.  Cas breathes a shaky sigh of relief, so Dean must look better than when he came around a minute ago.
Benny watched his friend in silence for nearly a minute, inspecting the way the man’s face melted from one expression to another as he stared off after the angel but Benny definitely did not miss something buried at the back of the hunter’s wary eyes.  Something that he’d seen plenty of times before, something which hinted at – but didn’t quite explain – the change in the hunter’s smell these past few days.  Benny had thought it was the hunter being on high alert for a fight – smelling of adrenaline and testosterone and fear – but now he suspected something different.  And since the angel had been gone a minute or two, Benny felt safe testing the waters, as it were, when Dean jerkily started moving again.
“No, sex doesn’t scare you.  It’s the fact that it’s not just sex, isn’t it?  You’re terrified that the sex would prove to you that there’s something else there, some … bond,” he notices Dean resumes babbling a bit at that word, “between the two of you, and that’s harder to deal with.  Because it’s really that you’re afraid of situations you can’t control, isn’t it?  You lose the people you love because of how you live, and you’ve already lost him enough for several lifetimes.  That’s what really scares you, Dean.  You know it; I know it.  The funny thing is, I don’t think
Cas snaps his head up and locks eyes with Dean, his hands circling Dean’s rib cage.  “And I intend to again.”  When Dean’s chest inflates like a bellows, the angel leans in and enunciates,
Castiel tipped his head to the side and pinned the hunter with a challenging gaze. “And would you say that you ‘wasted’ all your sexual intimacy on the scores of ‘random’ women
A most unwelcome throb of anguish wrenched at his heart as Castiel heard it in the back of his mind: an unrelenting repetition of his name coupled with progressively more fervent promises of rescue and support, night after night. Even after all of the faults and failings Dean had been subjected to on the part of his angelic friend – even after the angel had abandoned him in a pitch black world of fiends – the hunter's prayers to Castiel weren't the demands for help and answers that the angel expected, that the prayers should have been. They were appeals for his whereabouts and frantic promises that the hunter would save him. Save him. As if Dean owed him redemption. As if he could even be redeemed. Castiel clenched his eyes shut against the drone of Dean's prayers but it did no good.
(See the end of the chapter for
A bark of laughter leaves Dean.  "You really mean that?"
of me,” he says with a leer, and Dean can’t help but shake his head.
The hunter watched him wearily once he gained his footing, raising the newly-recovered scythe as the vamp in the dark coat rose slowly from the ground.  It seemed to have no immediate intention to charge him, but Dean Winchester hadn’t survived a hunter’s life this long for being foolish.  Well.  Not all the time, anyway.  So he just kept his weapon as steady as he could and watched the other man as he wiped grimy palms on his coat.
His human friend seem determined to give as good as he got, but when the angel scowled up at the hunter from barely inches away, something cracked in the hunter’s facade.  For a moment, Benny thought that he’d imagined it, but the angel seemed to notice it, too.  Never dragging his eyes away from Dean’s, Cas tipped his head to the side and his face melted into something more quizzical.  Whatever Castiel saw in Dean’s expression – and Benny would be damned if he could tell – caused the angel’s brows to veer upwards and the hunter’s cheeks to redden before he jerked both his eyes and his body away.  Dean mumbled something practically unintelligible and started to push past Benny to continue along their pre-established path.
Cas gave him a flat stare.  “Interesting choice of words considering the action you were discussing perpetrating upon
He hadn’t lied to Dean when he’d told that man that he’d grown up in a place and time that didn’t look too kindly on two men feeling the way they did about each other, but after what Benny had gone through, he more or less promised himself to be the last person to deny someone the comfort of being with a person they loved.  And that’s what he saw in these two, whether they saw it or not, whether they admitted it or not.  So when the two of them found some lame reason to send him farther and farther away on his nightly patrols – as if he couldn’t smell the hormones comin’ off the two of them for at least a hundred yards – the vampire just sighed and shrugged and tried not to complain too much.  He reminded himself how he’d been when he’d first met Andrea and just grumbled to himself somewhere they couldn’t hear him and waited for them to call him back again.
Cas gives him a blank and yet somehow unrepentant stare.  “I thought it might help you relax."
The stroke of his hand speeds up without Dean even really planning to do it and his hips start rocking into the tight grip of his fist; his breath leaves him with a wheeze.
and saying, “Cas, can I ask you something?”
Sam winces and puts his head in his hands.  "Oh no.  Please no."
"How'd I do?" Dean asks, and this time his voice is softer, less pointed.
“I don’t want to hurt you—”
--- immediate sequel: another 5+1 (untitled as of yet) that will feature Five of Dean and Cas's Firsts and One of Sam's.  Again, I established a series for this, so Subscribe, Subscribe, Subscribe!
EDIT - Many thanks to my sister/beta, SkeptiKitten, for the origin of the phrase "pathetic, whining needy cockslut", which I just HAD to use.  Because reasons.
"Nice to hear somebody say it," Dean muttered, but shifted awkwardly from foot to foot.
This time it isn’t little jabs that push just the tip of Cas’s tongue into Dean’s body.  The whole of Cas’s tongue pushes in and the pressure is uncomfortable and then unbelievable and then unholy good and Dean’s hips start rocking back against Cas’s face.  It seems like barely any time at all before the tongue becomes a finger.  Pressure turns into a stinging burn, only that feels good too and Dean’s fingers scrabble for purchase on the cheap wallpaper but find nothing to hold on to.  His nails dig into his palms when one finger becomes two.  Every breath punches out of him on a tiny moan and he’s standing on his toes, angling his hips and pushing back onto the fingers as they slide into him.  Cas leans forward and sucks at the skin on the back of his testicles as he crooks his fingers in just the right way and Dean howls.  Every nerve ending in his body feels raw when Cas’s fingers pull over that place again.  He’s spreading his legs further to try to get Cas’s fingers deeper inside, to get them to push over what must be his prostate, and he’s not coming yet but, Jesus, he’s not sure it could possibly feel better than this.  Cas manages to get a third finger inside but Dean shakes his head, his voice filled with equal parts pleasure and panic when he gets words out.
“It will ease if you can relax,” Cas directs him.
Fuck, when did
feel them.”
before humans even existed!” Castiel spit back.
“When I was living with—” he’d been about to say ‘Lisa’, but didn’t think he could bring himself to do so.  “—without Sammy.  Had to fill the time somehow, you know?  No big bads means I had to develop actual hobbies like normal people.  You know, grilling, yard work, little league teams.”
Only … Dean was just starting to realize that it was also more than the “family” that he called it, too.  Sure, Dean had gone to Hell and back – literally – for Sam, but … well, assuming that Benny’s source was right about this supernatural elevator back to Earth, Dean could have been home hale and hearty months ago.  If he hadn’t been looking for Cas.  And yet, it hadn’t ever really occurred to him
A/N - Okay, okay, so it's still a
(See the end of the chapter for
But the more time went by with no sign of Cas and no luck getting the piggies under his knife to squeal, the more desperate Dean got.  He was chasing his tail and he knew it.  He almost thought he could have handled Purgatory’s constant fighting and fucking running if he’d had his friend here with him, but he had gotten to the point where the only thing he could focus on was find the angel, find the angel, find the angel.  And he knew that made him meat to the monsters in the trees that could sniff him out like a rat.
"Hang on, hang on," Dean said, and Castiel could hear him spitting into his palm, feel him wrapping his fingers around his penis.  "Just give me a second...."
A/N - Since you've all been such incredible, wonderful, enthusiastic,
we touch down in this literally-God-forsaken-place, what do you do?  You fucking ditch me.
Dean knows he
He couldn’t quite explain why he felt it best, but Dean was compelled to stay quiet and maintain the illusion that he was asleep as the angel padded over to him and squatted down near his head.  With a quiet exhalation of the hunter’s name on his lips and a broken “I’m sorry”, Castiel reached out two fingers towards Dean’s temple.  With whip-crack speed, Dean realized why his nights had been so restful lately.  He snaked out a hand and clasped Cas’s wrist before he had a chance to touch Dean’s face.
the Bitch Face on Sam’s features, it’s so obvious.
in his outstretched hand.
“I can’t be sure, but I believe that even with my print on you gone, some of my Grace still lingers in your skin.  A sexual climax has the potential to be a very potent thing under normal circumstances, but with what passes between us—”
"You felt… when we were—?"
A/N - You guys, I am SO EMOTIONAL at how much you all have seemed to love this work.  It was so much fun to write and I assumed it was just going to be a silly, porny thing that people would think was sexy and that would be the end of it.  The fact that the response was so positive, that you loved my OMC so much, and that you all invested in my little ditty enough to want to see more ... it means so much to me!
~Canto XXII, lines 10-18
Dean’s sentence ground to an abrupt halt, and the hunter quickly directed his gaze off into the trees.
“Because it’s too fast,” he said.  “Because I don’t want to fuck this up.  Jesus, Cas, I don’t even have anything to make this easier—”  when Castiel turned to stare back at him with a raised eyebrow, he clarified, “a condom.  Lube.
“What exactly is that supposed to mean?” the angel growled in response.
“Something I’ve been working on for a while,” he said, cursing the way his voice broke a bit.
When the hunter said nothing, merely clamped his eyes shut and bit down on his lip, Castiel shimmied up a bit to get a better look at Dean’s pinched expression.
Cas chides forcefully when he notices Dean’s hand around his cock again.
A sudden fit of rage pushed the muscles in Castiel’s legs into stiffness, rocketing him up from the ground to pace in a tight, futile circle around his sleeping friend.  Would Castiel always end up being so feeble?  Could he never receive a kindness from the universe to allow him to protect the one person he most cared for?  Could he stand the weight of the penance heaped upon him for his misdeeds?  Why must he always be doomed to be just within reach of what Dean requires but never quite strong enough to give it to him?
“You are a warrior, Dean.  I have seen thousands and thousands of years of warriors, and I can assure you that the life of a warrior leaves its scars on even the best of men.  And you
Sam blanches and Dean nods with wide eyes.
“I don’t know,” the vampire retorted with a smirk.
Castiel practically shook with envy at every shared laugh between Dean and the vampire.  Swallowing his hunger for the casual camaraderie that they shared – despite Dean’s typically rough-tongued banter – the angel knew only too well that his awkwardness rendered him too naïve and guilty to negotiate what seemed to come so effortlessly to humans (and former humans).  The more he thought of his own uneasiness and naiveté with the social interaction that Dean managed with ease, the more hopeless the task became to prevent his mind from whirling over the faceless scores of women who’d touched Dean in a more intimate way than he could even understand.  The angel felt deranged, but he couldn’t stop himself from coveting their innate ability to press close enough to touch his skin, inhale his breaths as they kissed his mouth, revel in and respond to the nearness of their bodies that Castiel had only had a glimpse of in that embrace by the stream.  The craving for the capacity that these forgettable women had to know Dean in a way he couldn’t burned in him, ate at him, until he wanted to tear from their heads that knowledge of his hunter.
*****
Dean froze against him, the panting breaths against Castiel’s ear his only motion for at least a count of ten before responding.
, he would have laughed right in your freakin’ face.  Removed from all the context, the idea of Heaven’s Most Socially Awkward Angel indulging in ‘sins of the flesh’ would still seem pretty damn ridiculous to him if he didn’t have the sensations of the angel’s body burned into his memory.  Dean supposed that anyone who had ever wondered if he might be a switch hitter – and he knew that there had been a few who wondered – would never have imagined that the person to get him to cross to the other side of the plate would be someone like Cas.  Cas, who didn’t understand the concept of sexuality enough to understand porn.  Cas, who had gone into his potential first sexual encounter not with excitement but with complete white-knuckled terror.  But to Dean, all he could think was that he was also Cas, who threw away everything comfortable and reassuring just to stand up next to Dean when he asked for support.  And Cas, who tried so damn hard to do whatever he thought was the right thing no matter what it cost him.  And Cas, who came every time Dean asked for help.  And Cas, who looked at him and saw someone righteous, someone beautiful.  Cas, who took his battered and broken soul from darkness and raised him into the light.  It wasn’t anything to do with Cas being a woman or a man.   It was about Cas being his salvation.
Enjoy!
~~ ** Lady Tuesday ** ~~
Dean didn’t respond, so Castiel raised himself up as much as he could without breaking Dean’s hold on his arm and placed his mouth near Dean’s ear.
"Spread your legs wider; let me in."
Benny stilled beside Castiel and watched, astonished, as Dean continued his assault.  Lenore was tiring, directing all her attentions towards avoidance.  This had to stop.
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel answered, sparing the vampire a withering glare before stalking away into the trees.
Sam breathes heavily through his nose before asking, "Is she here?"
“I think you would enjoy that more than you might imagine, Dean.  Perhaps too much for it to really be a lesson in obedience.  So, maybe another choice.”
