That he’d been broken by the war, and that he would most likely stay broken. That he was destined to be alone. That he didn’t deserve this, Sherlock’s love, Sherlock’s pity. But how could he put this into words? How could he explain to him that there was only one thing wrong in there relationship, and it was him?
It was going to be one hell of a night.
“Well, there are a lot of things. Surviving Afghanistan is probably somewhere around the top of that list. But I think most of all I’m grateful for having met you.”
Sherlock shook his head. “Stop it.”  he said quietly.
“Come on, sit down. Breakfast is almost ready.”
John turned his head towards him, incredulous. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, are you suggesting that you believe in destiny?!”
Sometimes it was really difficult to remember that they were all the same Sherlock.
They were sitting on the living room floor, cross legged in front of the fireplace, playing what had started out as a staring contest and had now become a test to see if either of them had telepathic powers. It had been Sherlock’s idea - John had his doubts on the validity of the experiment, but he hadn’t voiced them.
Sherlock snapped his fingers and  headed towards the cabinet. “Right! Cupboard, cupboard… oh, there it is.” He re-emerged with an old metallic juicer in his hands.
‘“I dunno.” he shrugged. “It’d be fun to see the world the way you see it. Plus, I wouldn’t look like a complete idiot when we’re together on the crime scene.”
“If I’d known, I wouldn’t have asked.” Sherlock retorted acerbically.
“Well, sod it, I’m saying it anyways. The meaning of life.”
.” he pointed out.
Sherlock arched a skeptical eyebrow.
”What do you mean?”
“I just can’t. I’m going to drink.”
John smiled against Sherlock’s lips. Yes, it was going to be hard. His problems weren’t just going to just disappear with a kiss, like in Snow White. But from now on he could face them while holding Sherlock’s hand, and that didn’t make them seem so scary anymore.
“I believe the right word would be snooping around.” grumbled John in response. He stood up to go get the gin, and he was already halfway up the stairs when he turned around, eyes widened in sudden realization. “Wait, does that mean you found…”
Maybe not.
“I’m guessing by your reaction you don’t wanna talk about it?”
John sighed deeply and rubbed his face in his palms. In that moment he wished, more than anything, to be sober. Sober John definitely wouldn’t have made that remark. And about relationships, of all subjects!
“Oh, well, it was worth a try.” he said, offering him a mug. Sherlock took it, reluctantly. “Can we talk?”
“John?”
“Yes, yes, I’m coming down.” he replied. When he returned downstairs he was surprised to find that Sherlock wasn’t sitting on his usual chair, and was instead standing in front of the the fridge.
“And we’re both lonely.”
Sherlock chuckled soflty.
Sherlock didn’t answer, eyes still fixed somewhere between John’s chair and the fridge.
”Trust me, if I wanted to poison you, you would have been dead already. Slipping stuff into your food is worryingly easy.” he briefly paused when he saw the dirty look John was aiming at him. “Not that I would know from experience, of course.”
He tried to stand up once more, this time more carefully, grabbing the chair’s armrests for support, then made his way to the kitchen. John followed him.
“Sure I do.” he replied, defensive. “There are countless philosophical treaties written on why love is a integral part of the human nature.”
Eventually the hunger prevailed, and he stood up. He opened the door, slowly in order not to make too much noise, and made for the kitchen. He tried to check for Sherlock in the living room from the stairs. No sign of him. Gingerly, he clambered downstairs.
John felt that was a bit unfair, but he didn’t say anything. He wondered what Sherlock’s answer would have been. Assuming, of course, that he even had one, and wasn’t just bluffing.
“I’m not
“It means, Sherlock, that in case you haven’t noticed, we don’t talk about feelings. Hell, we don’t talk about anything that isn’t one of your stupid cases. That’s just the way things are. And it’s worked out great so far, so why should we change things now?”
He made for the chair and sat down on it, balancing his glass on top of a stack of books - normally he would have used a coaster, but he was too drunk and too tired to worry about that.
”A pretty central role, I’d say. I mean, love is… everything. It’s what makes us human.”
“Drink or answer.” he managed to croak, in what he hoped was a convincing imitation of a casual tone. “Either way, I don’t care.”
“Many people. On many different occasions.”
“Come on, it’ll be fun!” insisted John. “We can turn it into a drinking game, or something.”
John opened his mouth to raise an objection, but thought better of it at the last second.
’m the junkie, remember?”
John crossed his arms.
“Well maybe we should change it. Aren’t you tired of hiding things?”
“The ones that are supposed to make you fall in love?”
“I have you, I have...”
He didn’t even finish the sentence, but it didn’t matter. They both knew what he was going to say, and there was no need for words for them to understand it.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m not— Sherlock, I- I’m not lonely!”
Sherlock plopped down on his chair, and John imitated him. He took out his chopsticks and a box of chow mein and immediately started attacking it.
“Mh. Perhaps you’re right.”
”I definitely thought I did back in Afghanistan. Hell, I was sure I wasn’t going to come back alive. Now, I don’t know anymore. You’ll probably end up poisoning me with one of your attempts at cooking.” he answered in a half-joking tone.
“You really don’t know?”
“That’s easy, body.”
“John? You alright? You look distracted.”
He tried to change the subject.
“We can use the bottle of gin you keep hidden in your closet.” he said, finally looking up to his flatmate.
John took a sip and thought about it for a moment.
John returned his smile. “You think?”
“Okay, let’s see… you’re a good cook.”
“Uhm, yes?” he replied, trying to sound as casual as possible.
John thought about it for a few seconds. Sherlock’s favourite things could be counted on the fingers of one hand: interesting cases, scolding hot tea, showing off, gloomy experiments, irritating his brother. And getting high, of course, but John preferred not to think about that.
“Right. Hmm... let’s see, your perfect day. Well; no work, for starters.”
“Okay, okay, last one. Think of a color.”
Was that what this was? Just another experiment, something he could use to fend off boredom?
“I can hear you huffing. Please, come out. I understand you’re angry, but can we at least talk about it?”
Sherlock straightened up. “Right.” He picked up his phone from the coffee table and unlocked it. “What’s your most terrible memory?”
“Don’t sell yourself short.” he reprimanded him.
“I’m going to the loo.” he said, and before John could protest or further explain he was gone.
John, however, wasn’t going to let him get away with it that easily.
“A perfectly reasonable conclusion, given the cricumstances.” he interjected.
”Where do you get that idea?” Sherlock dismissed that remark with a lazy wave of the hand.
John stood up, his hands on his hips.
For a while, neither of them spoke. The coffee was hot and burned John’s tongue, but it was also a welcome change from the drowsy feeling the gin induced.
“Hey,” said John. “I just happen to like my crazy flatmate, thank you very much.”
He’d hung on to his rage for two years because it was familiar, and it made him feel a bit safer. Like he was in control of his emotions, even though he knew that he wasn’t, not at all. He’d tried to protect his heart from this weird, beautiful man, because as long as he didn’t give up on his anger he could pretend that Sherlock didn’t have a hold on his heart. But he did, and John knew that now. And he forgave him. Absolutely and completely.
“Do we have any more gin and tonics?” he asked, forcing himself to look the detective in the eyes.
If there had been a way to get an answer to all of them - hell, to any of them - of course he would have tried it. Of course, of course.
“You’re referring to the thirty-six questions, yes?”
Sherlock’s voice sounded crisp and clear as he replied firmly: “Nothing.”
John took a deep breath. “Okay, you want to know what my most terrible memory is? You jumping off that damn roof. Easily the worst moment of my life.”
“We really should get a cat.”
“You’re funny. I mean, don’t get me wrong, you’re a pain in the arse most of the time, but you can be really funny.”
“But I really have something to tell you”
Sherlock blinks slowly. Is John being serious?
‘Why? Aren’t you mine?’
“Oi, stop giving the bed an earthquake”, John whined, but Sherlock knew it was good-natured.
John’s eyes narrowed and blinked.
’. It never worked.
taking a dark turn... John's POV
‘Nothing.’ I shook myself awake from the haze and turned away but I could feel your eyes on my back and I was still smiling.
In just a moment my mind’s walls collapsed at your inquisitive and worried gaze. You were standing so near. I could feel the heat of your body, the shiver that run up your spine. Your lips were open waiting for me but through all your concern and your sacrifice, your arms never reached up to embrace me and shield me from the world, telling me it was alright. As they never reached up to shield you from me, even if you were hurting all those times. I could almost spell it. You were afraid. Although you never showed it, you were afraid of me.
‘That’s perfect, I’ll deal with her when I get back then.’
“Can we stay in bed? Just a little more?”
‘What is wrong, love?’ You laugh wholeheartedly while you tone seems seriously concerned.
John lies down beside him, onto his back, and the available space is small again, but Sherlock doesn't mind. It fits both of them perfectly. He keeps a safe distance, like the one they kept when they would have to share a bed in some hotel or inn. John lays a hand across his stomach, and uses the other as a pillow for his head. This close, Sherlock can smell him -the cheap white soap, the comfy scent from his otherwise hideous jumper, twinings' tea- and he has to bite the inside of his lip to resist the urge to crawl closer and curl into that space that for him so undeniably spells 'home'.
. Treacherous voice of yours in my head whispers. Okay. Not okay, then. But what? The broken whimpers you leave trailing all over me, make my eyes well with unshed tears. It was about time I cry too. I haven’t done for ages. Maybe I should. It’s a temporary release after all. I blink several times as I curl my body around yours defensively. Not towards you. But to the world. I’m almost protective. What are we? What is this?
‘But it is what it is.’ Comes the low whisper, words rumbling in my throat, echoing in my mind. Somehow, I found myself gripping tighter, closer. My lips ghost over your temple. I’m breathing in your scent. This is the last time. My last time. Soap. Focus. A sob overtakes you and I wish you would let your hands hold me one last time too, but one remains lifeless at your side while the other tries to stifle the sobs into your mouth. The familiar smells I would expect from wool and tea are now gone. Baby powder maybe? I search for it as you shake in my arms and I pull you closer without even noticing. No. By god, John. I can’t even deduce you have a baby right now. You haven’t been with her for a long while so her smell doesn’t appear on you. I purse my lips. Eyes now tightly closed. Concentrate. Look at what we have become. Alcohol. I would never miss the alcohol. Oh, John… Your hair product. Lots of it. I lose it, then. Our smells too close, mixing together. My heartbeat is elevated. My ribs hurt as you grip tighter without actually gripping. I can’t explain it. Those smells are not the ones I somehow found comforting once. You are different. You smell as the man who beat me up in a hospital. I’m shaking with you now but I doubt you’ll even notice. My fingers grip at your hair. Tight. You hiss. I let go. Smooth it back. It is what it is. For you it’s shit. For me it’s nothing. But what could it be for us? I’m tuning out again… One last time…
“Well, yeah!” John replied, his voice a bit more high-pitched than he’d meant it to.
John laughed. “Okay, okay.”
“Well… people don’t usually do that.”
”Since when?” John snapped. “Since when do we talk about things?”
“Is it…” Sherlock asked, after a few moments of consideration. “Red?”
John sighed and tilted his head slightly.
“Have
One didn’t become Sherlock Holmes’ only friend without asking himself a number of unanswered questions. It was just part of the deal, and it was a prize he was happy to pay. Well, maybe not happy, but you know - willing.
Sherlock blinked, startled.
“Yeah. It’s good.” John smiled in return. “What about you, what are you most grateful for?”
Now, there were a lot of things John wanted to say.
“Well, it’s always nice to feel needed.” said John in an effort to try and lighten up the tone of the conversation.
For a moment John wondered if he was going to address the elephant in the room, but when he spoke he said:
Truth was, he’d lashed out because he was scared. It was one thing to wonder what could happen in the dark safeness of his room, indulging in sweet, sweet fantasies. But it was another for it to actually happen.
John smiled slyly, thinking of Sherlock’s new-found passion for felines.
John pondered his answer for a while.
“That you’re not worth my anger.”
Needless to say, they were both very drunk.
John wasn’t sure who started it, but before he knew it thew were both chuckling like idiots for no reason, their grins so large that they nearly hurt.
”It’s your turn to ask.”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes, do you honestly believe that after all these years  I still can’t tell when you’re lying to me?”
John’s stomach growled. Barricading himself into his room had been a stupid idea, because it meant that now he was stuck there. Besides, Sherlock was the one who’d made everything weird. Why wasn’t he the one locked in his room?
a little drunk, you know.”
“My father, probably. I barely remember him, so it would be cool to have dinner with him at least once. It’s either him or Tolkien, anyways - he’s my favourite author.”
“What do you think?” he asked through his teeth. It came off more aggressive than he’d meant it to.
“We’re both drunk and we both said things we didn’t mean, so can’t we just, I dunno, forget about it?”
“I’ll call a cab.” replied the detective’s deep baritone.
Silence filled the small room, interrupted only by the whistling of the wind. It wasn’t an awkward one at all. John felt oddly comfortable being in the same room as his best friend, both sitting without uttering a word. There was a mutual understanding that they were quietly sharing a moment, and that they didn’t need words for it to be intimate.
John chuckled, and Sherlock aimed him a quizzical look.
Sherlock looked at him with an indecipherable expression on his face that made him blush even more.
“Fine, you win. So how does this work?”
“Okay,” he conceded, “Maybe a little.”
When Sherlock came back from the bathroom, he looked considerably more relaxed. He sat on his chair, looking perfectly aware of John’s eyes following his every movement. He sipped his coffee nonchalantly and cleared his throat.
Sherlock managed a small, amused smile before rearing back and kicking the door inwards with all the force he could muster.
POLICE: Alright, can you confirm your date of birth for me?
“Yes John, I wanted to begin the process of making you mine…properly, this time.” He amended, eyes flickering down and accessing some memory he wasn’t particularly proud of - probably the rushed and spontaneous scenting in the hallway if John wanted to hazard a guess.
.” Sherlock interrupted rather forcefully, inserting himself between the elderly woman and his Omega. He smiled then, true and with genuine delight, meeting John’s gaze with a fierce warmth that lit John’s belly with a fire he was certain he could never extinguish.
“I –” But Jim was scowling when John opened his eyes once more, his face taking on that heavy cast of
“Have you gone to see someone? A specialist maybe?”
“We go on as we well as we can. There are measures in place to prevent Irene from taking root in any major city again. We are tracking her John, and we will
Sherlock thinned his lips, the sensitive tissue blanching, and then pinking quite fetchingly when he relaxed. He clasped his large hands behind his back in rare display of nerves that John had not seen in quite some time. Somehow, even though he gripped his hands together, his fingers still managed to waggle to and fro in a childish display of fretfulness.
Mycroft inclined his head and exhaled a long-suffering sigh, as if he was through with this conversation and had more important things to attend to (England, Canada, the CIA and such).
he was doing when he was killed.”
Though the call to 999 was anonymous, the Met responded with satisfying quickness, something that both relieved and emotionally bolstered the grieving squatters of the bungalow. As the investigators began to swarm the scene, blue and white tape was strewn across the lane, blocking any and all pedestrians and motor vehicles from stopping to gawk and possibly catch a morbid glimpse of something altogether more gruesome.
Sherlock didn’t so much as flick an eyelash as his brother exited through the swinging door; he kept all of his (rather unnerving) attention on the Omega.
“Fine,” John began when no response came from the younger man, “ever since I met you, my life has been…well, it’s not been boring, I’ll put it that way. And actually, all that is rather great except…I get the feeling you aren’t being entirely truthful with me -”
John was roughly flipped over onto his back, his vision greeted by the taller, unarmed man holding a glinting syringe. It only took a moment for them to callously pull down his soaked jeans, and administer the injection in this thigh. John didn’t make a noise, he didn’t even move. They had won, for now.
“Excellent. Wait for me, do
“Yessir, Sir...I mean…Sir, yes Sir.” John stumbled over his words. Whatever he was expecting from Major Sholto, this was certainly not it. He felt a rush of adrenaline course through his body, blood rushing through his arms and hands, making his nerve endings tingle and vibrate. Once again, his gaze dropped down to the man’s mouth…his perfect, perfectly shaped mouth.
“When it came time to go through secondary puberty, nothing happened. When all of her friends starting maturing and presenting, she was left behind. I’m sure you can imagine how she felt.”
“Oh! What a shame…I thought since Mycroft was spending so much money on this place that I was to be afforded
“As for me,” the brunet swung off his jacket in one sensuous arc, rolling up his silk shirtsleeves immediately afterwards, “I think it would be faster if I inspected and broke-down the files and photos on my own. No offense, but obviously you do not have the memory and cross-referencing skills needed for this situation.”
“John…” the taller man answered in a long-suffering sigh, “the entire purpose of this operation is to infiltrate the study and identify the murderers. You are our eyes in the building, but someone else needs to be the ears.”
John tired of this subject, and he didn’t want to think of the repercussions of Marcus’ actions, or what it meant for their friendship. He suddenly felt adrift, embarrassed, and disgustingly naïve.
, kiss me,
Wait – just, wait…
The contraction seemed to begin from his very toenails, only to spread upwards from his legs to localize in his groin and expand exponentially into his torso in a wave of unending pleasure that paralyzed his diaphragm and made it impossible to breath.
Sherlock flipped over another page, pressing it down against the growing stack with probably more force than needed. The next leaflet consisted of bits of rectangular food receipts all stapled to one piece of paper. Really, their bookkeeping was abominable - as if it was really needed to keep each and every take-out receipt, honestly.
Dr. Stapleton’s office was sparsely decorated. A handsome wooden desk dominated the edge of the east wall with two tall standing lamps situated on each side like low-lit bookends. They were brass, antique, and indicative of the American 1940’s art deco style. They cast a warm glow, the diffuse light sending most of the room into hazy shadow and soft edges. Sherlock sat across from the desk in a chair that was probably uncomfortable on purpose (was any of the furniture pleasant in this place?), anxious, impatient, and thoroughly disgusted by the sniffling and sneezing woman sat behind the desk.
And so, they found themselves outside of the warehouse, sun having set an hour ago, and
The pillow against his cheek was abrasive and cold, like cheap cotton if one wasn't careful enough with the quality of one's bedclothes.
Mycroft remained standing, preferring his stature and umbrella to do the talking for him.
Well, luckily for Sherlock, he also had a gun, and he was damn well good at using it.
The blond reached his hand out and settled it gently against the man’s knee. “Are you-”
Neither man answered, engrossed as they were in each other. It was heady and new, this freedom, this ability to just
“I spoke personally with Dr. Stapleton. She’s not familiar with Sherlock, not yet anyway, says she doesn’t get much in the way of current events at the Serenity Cottage – but she’s familiar with cases like his…people who have abilities they never learned to fully control. She says they’ve a pilot programme for Sentinels who reject traditional bonding.”
“I’ll fax over the forms first this tomorrow morning, if you can return them as quickly as possible, I’d like to schedule the new procedure in the early afternoon.”
The fact that the man was trying to make any kind of attempt at conversation was absurd. Couldn’t he see how uncomfortable John was? What the
This chappie gave me so much trouble, I just can't even with it anymore. :)
IMA: So what else do you want to know? I tire of these interrogation sessions.
Sherlock ripped his scarf away from his neck in a motion almost too fast for the Omega to comprehend; next came his beloved Belstaff, in which he grabbed the seams and
The fireplace crackled and spit before going out completely as if doused by a gust of rude air. The smell of chemicals wafted through the kitchen from an unknown source, strong and acrid, like the taste of his coffee but much, much stronger.
“It’s nothing,” John said with finality, pulling the drooping bit of knitted jumper back up over his shoulder. “Go ahead and take all that upstairs please Marcus, Julia managed to clean out most of the rooms. You can pick one for yourself; I’ll pick one for my own later.”
ages ago; no sense in thinking about it now.
John frowned, only just now realizing just how much his gender change had affected his love. He remembered quite clearly the rather well-endowed female Alpha who’d practically thrown herself at John at the local Tesco. If he hadn’t been so taken aback, he might have felt amused, or flattered. Rarely in his past had someone attempted such an open and outward interest in seducing him, and if they did, it wasn’t usually because he was an Omega. But that…that
and ingest all of John’s essence (because it was strongest here, most
IMA: What about them?
Oooookay, here it is. I hope you enjoy. We are getting into the super nitty gritty now and I can only try to do it justice! Please let me know if there is anything I can do to make it better. I stress, you know!
His mind palace was no
, you must understand…” she warbled, chest heaving in a too tight satin button up, deep crimson (the colour of blood), “it was all Dr. Wilkes and Dr. Frankland…I – I…I was just a
“Molly, wait…” he swallowed, his tongue scraping across his hard palate, “how long?”
“I’ll start from the beginning, shall I?”
Sh- Currently yes.
Sh- It is just strange all I can see in it now is you.
Both men stood in the demi-dark flat, hyper aware of the dangerous item behind Sherlock’s feet. Each of the vials holding the clear tinted purple liquid wasn’t broken on impact but was now seemingly activated, looking like a shaken fresh bottle of champagne ready to explode. Both looked at the dark case, and back at each other.
“Arf!”
However, the detective was no longer the one he knew.
Both men started to laugh knowing how much Sherlock loved what he was doing. Both could not get enough of him, he was just amazing. Mycroft knew a bit about it, but it was nothing special to him, more of just something to keep his brother on his toes.
“You never want to talk to him, Sherlock. Why now do you want to talk to him?”
Inside this complex, Sherlock was working on his experiments within his flat, having skipped another night’s worth of sleep, this time experimenting on some bone tissue. He was mixing all sorts of chemicals, regardless of acidity or level of explosiveness, on the kitchen table. John, on the other hand, was fast asleep upstairs in his own flat. That is, he was fast asleep until the sound of a bang at the door echoed throughout the small room.
“Oh, God!” John ran over to Sherlock and pulled him out from the books and dragged him over to the couch at the back of Sherlock’s flat. He propped him up with a pillow and rushed back to the kitchen to grab a cold wet rag to clean off the red substance.
“I love it so much thank you.” He stands up and hugs her for the gift.
He shook his finger, hissing at the pain that seemed to magnify. Why does it hurt so much?
“Could I watch the t.v mister?” Holding the remote from the dome faced t.v he holds it up to John.
“What sort of help do you need brother?”
John is ignoring to answer Sherlock's question and walks into the kitchen to text Mycroft. Sherlock gets up from the couch and wobbles a bit holding his head then gaining back his balance. The windows in the room catch his interest like a moth on a flame. He starts to walk toward them and has a peek outside.
“I am a busy man John you know that.”
The man stared unblinking at John for a few minutes. “Sherlock, are you alright? I could call your brother and he could come over right now.”
John is the first to notice the crying steps in pushing Mycroft off to the side to comfort his best friend. “It’s alright there Sherlock, we will get you a new one. Maybe something bigger.” He really wanted to cheer him up, he hated to see his friend cry over something that was not a case.
John’s phone starts to buzz. He picks it up and it's Mycroft.
He sets his finished sandwich down on a plate and starts to walk off to the door. Looking down at his feet he sees Sherlock’s mess, papers pushed all over the place, the carpet at the end of the hallway kicked aside, and somehow, he got his socks off. ‘God what a mess’ he thinks.
“God who is it now.” He rubbed both his eyes, then looked back at his clock. He propped his body up from its lying position and slipped on his white slippers. John started to make his journey across his dimly lit flat, sleep still clinging onto his limbs and eyes glazed from being awakened so suddenly.
“Sherlock I just need you to focus on me and Mycroft alright. I know your heart rate is up right now, but I just need you to try to relax.”
Sh- Something has gone down at the lab?
Smiling like a child on Christmas he picks up the sandwich and starts to eat it. He just starts to let his mouth water while eating it just making him even happier enjoying the little things in life.
Sherlock finishes his tea and looks up at Mrs. Hudson, “Mrs. Hudson do you know what I do at all?”
John has no words on what to say for him this is the strangest thing he has ever seen in his history as a doctor. He puts a finger up then sticks it down again in hesitation. Sherlock is wondering what got him to act up over a phone call. “John, I know you trust Sherlock with your personal thoughts, but can you explain to me how I got here and why my outfit has changed.”
Sherlock smiles back. “Welcome.”
Myc- Wait who is this now?
“I’m sorry miss about being so proper with you but I am just confused that’s all. Maybe some tea might clear up my head.”
“Mycroft you can come and fetch it should be where you left it. I’m going to keep an eye on Sherlock, just try to put most of your time into getting that cure done. We all want good old Sherlock back to his old self.”
“Arf.” Sherlock’s whole entire body starts to wag in happiness seeing John.
“All he keeps all his little secrets from me. How was I to know about this at all!”
John walks over to the table within the kitchen to find out what the case of chemicals contains. Looking over them he sees that a few have turned red within the case, he picks two of the sealed-up ones and starts to look at them closely. He starts to think, ‘The same color just like on Sherlock’s face is interesting.’
“Hey, you two quit fighting, Sherlock right now just needs a bit of guidance. Mycroft, you do need to get your lab to fix up something for Sherlock or you are going to be stuck with him like this for who knows how long and well me as well. Greg, I know you want to yell at Mycroft about all of this but again I do not want to scare Sherlock off.”
“Thanks for just being a good brother to him.”
Sherlock slowly walks over and greets her scratching his head looking around at where he ended up now. “Hello miss. Um sorry to bother you but you have any idea where I am or well my name?”
Sherlock smiles back at John and turns on the t.v again. Sherlock starts to change the channels as fast as the remote will let him till he stops on one. A show about puppies is on and he is just fully fascinated by each little dog that appears in front of him. Some have spots, others have long fur, big and small, and different colors.
Mycroft does his best to explain what has been happening so far. “Well, Mr. Lestrade, the best I can explain this without going into some confidential detail is that Sherlock now is in a state that in contact with anyone or anything can well copy it you may say. It is best we keep him under check and if possible, make sure he does not end up in the wrong hands. If someone were to obtain this ability of his or convince him otherwise to turn against us all of England could fall. Do you now understand the stakes?”
So this little fic has reached over 300 readers I just want to give a huge thanks to you all for reading this fic of mine.
Sh- I’m not sure but who are you?
Greg’s german shepherd starts to sniff the air and tugs at this leash to get his attention. “Well looks like they got here in the nick of time. Hey, glad you got my call, John.”
Sherlock zones off going into what was left of the mind palace. Just endless darkness surrounds him. Not a single door or staircase of any sort just complete darkness. Within this dark mind palace is a cardboard box. A large one that you could find behind any supermarket you go to. Looking down in this box it has a large range of pictures from everyone he knew before his memory loss. He spots two pictures glowing in a gold tint lighting up the darkness bringing warmth to him. Setting the box down on the ground he grabs both pictures out and comes out of his mind palace a whole new person.
John hears some rustling coming from Sherlock's chair. Sherlock starts to wake up again after his short nap. Pushing himself up his vision is somewhat blurry but starts to look around his own flat like none of what happened a minute ago ever hit his mind. He rubs his drooping eyes and spots a sandwich. “That looks great, it must be for me.”
“Still glad you know what a phone is brother but it’s me, Mycroft Holmes.”
Sherlock nods no silicifying Mrs. Hudson’s worry. The poor lad just confused still about where he is and who she is just brings down the happy mood she was in. “Sherlock, if you want maybe, you just need some fresh air. Just walking around might help bring back some memory for you. Here I have a spare set of shoes and jacket for you if you like to try them on.”
He sets them down back in the case as Sherlock goes by putting boxes and cans away in the pantry across from him. Leaving Sherlock be he walks around the corner over toward his chair. Dragging his hand across the smooth fabric of his chair he grabs the arm digging into the fabric and takes a seat. Getting as adjusted as he could he lets his head hang off the edge of the back and starts to drift off once more into his dreamland relaxed knowing he will be alright.
“Well, that’s up to Sherlock to find out and God, I hope he can figure it out soon.” He handed the black leather case over to John, who grabbed it and started to drift off again while the DI explained what the chemicals were and what Mycroft’s scientists had figured out so far. Mycroft did not tell him everything, it was still a top-secret project that only whoever was in that room testing those chemcials knew about.
“This. All of this! You got me dragged into this mess with your little briefcase. Well, I am not having any of this if you are not going to fix him!”
“I will have it ready for you when you get here but I have to go check up on Sherlock again.”
“Alright, it is a deal.”
“My brother of mine is an interesting character. One that can compare to no other and I say he has met a good friend along the way. One that has his own stories to tell along with keeping him in check. I salute you John Watson you have done him well.”
“God the time he called me about hiding that one case from him. At Least I saved myself from getting beat down by the boss again if he found out they kicked Sherlock to the curb along with me.” Greg chuckles back at the time.
He walks over to John rubbing his arm. “Um... mister. Do you know what I am at all? I heard you call out my name a few times, but I keep forgetting it.”
Sherlock sits close to John’s feet looking up at him and drooling with his tongue sticking out to the side ready to eat the feast. “Bark!”
“Alright, see you in a bit, John.”
“Oh, that’s neat...um hmm. I lost my train of thought. Wait oh yeah... and I got nothing.”
Myc- How about you go watch some t.v alright. Keep out of trouble and stay where you are.
Sherlock just stands there quietly staring into space like he was just hypnotized by a magician.
Mycroft sighs. “God, you sound like mother. Just being overprotective as much as I have been for most of his life.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John grew slightly incensed, crossing his arms and tapping his foot. “Well, yeah! I’m sorry that I forgot you were coming over and thought that you were some robber, why were you even making so much noise, anyway?”
With a big smile on Sherlock's face, he looks at Mrs. Hudson. “Oh, not at all miss it is alright. They are very cute you should use them more I think they fit you just alright.”
John looked down at the case behind Sherlock’s feet, concern starting to rise in him. This case… Perhaps there was more to it than it seemed?
Just Sherlock complementing Mrs. Hudson made her blush a bit. “Oh, Sherlock I never heard you be this nice before. It is just like you’re a whole new person, but something must have happened with you and John this morning to make you this happy.”
One by one each of the large books that he had on the shelf fell out and hit his head. Each book knocked against his head heavily, and as he sunk further and further down to the ground, his vision started to blur. He was seeing stars. “Johnny, look at those pretty stars...” He pointed one last time up at the ceiling before passing out on top of the pile of books.
Sherlock looks down at his hands then back at the boys playing in the park just feeling a sense of wonderment from just holding the ball and maybe just maybe it was what he was looking for. ‘Just a child at heart or I never really grew up. Maybe that’s my purpose.’
She giggles a bit. “Stop messing around with me Sherlock. I bet you are doing this for one of your experiments. Let’s just enjoy our tea before it gets cold.”
Sherlock opened the case and immediately noticed that each of the vials were back in their positions in the case. “This… What? Is there anything messing with me? I swear, it…”
Naturally, as most people would, John woke up at the loud sound, nearly falling out of his bed in blind shock. The blogger tensed up and climbed out of his bed, fumbling blindly for his curtains before whipping them open. A feeling that something was wrong started dawning over him, and he quickly tried to blink the sleep from his eyes as he stumbled towards his small wooden dresser, fumbling with the handgun he kept in the lowest drawer. Whipping out the gun, he proceeded to frantically search for a particular white cigarette-looking box that held the brass golden shells for his gun. When he finally found it a few seconds later, he tore it out from the drawer, but his hand was shaking so much that the shells spilled out of the box, scattering across the floor. He started to pick them up, hastily putting them into his gun.
“I knew you were going to ask him out sometime. No need to get angry at me John over it just be happy you said something.”
“Just a little shakeup with Sherlock but he is just watching the television now.”
Letting out a yawn, he held onto the door to keep himself from falling over. “...Alright, see you later. I’ll make sure to call you later if anything... goes wrong.” Lestrade started to walk off to the stairs and waved back at John before heading down. John slowly shut the door to his flat, somehow still managing to hold on to the briefcase.
“W... Who turned out the lights?” Sherlock stuttered, holding his hands out to find something to grab on to. His phone buzzed again, and he scrambled to find it. He stepped forward, resting his foot on one of the larger test tubes that he left on the ground. He started to stumble, losing his balance backing up into the nearby bookcase. That hurt. The wall and bookcase shook, and at that, the overfilled shelf above him gave out.
“Just relax and breathe alright you are alright I got you alright.”
Sherlock is still scratching at the door waiting for John to show up. “Bark Bark!”
Turning back from one of the large windows within his ‘own flat’ everything looked new and interesting. ‘Something missing might be here’ he thinks and starts to search the room for it. Checking under the couch and over by his chair and johns he cannot find it. He knows it’s there but where? It was a place one of a large library of something.
John walks up next to Sherlock and pets him. “Calm down buddy it is just your brother coming by for a visit no need for you to be clawing at your own door down over that.”
“Here just talk to the poor bastard, maybe you can get him to remember again.”
“I could cook you something if you like. I know you do not eat that often and it would be my treat.” Sherlock smiles a bit.
Sherlock sticks his tongue back into his mouth. He starts to whimper sitting back on the ground lowering his head knowing he had done something bad.
It was an early cloudy morning outside 221B Baker Street. The dark puffy cotton ball clouds had already started to creep in over the small street, showing signs of rain later that morning. The street was starting to bustle with the rush of early morning workers. Daily pedestrians were walking around grabbing food at Speedy’s and other nearby restaurants. Little did the people of this street know, something strange was going to happen to apartment 221B. Not the sort of strange you might know or expect, but one that could be considered fun, in a way.
John turns around. “Sherlock get back here please!”
“Okay. Not alright. I am calling your brother.” John walked off to do just that.
“That might explain a bit of why I am thinner. Do we have any cake around at all?”
“We as well do not know the properties that were within that case, John. I should have just left it back at the lab with my regional scientist’s None of this would have happened.”
“Hey, watch it, buddy.”
He pulled his head back up. “Weird… Did Mycroft forget to tell me something?” He grabbed his phone and set it next to his case in case a text came in from John or his brother.
“I say you keep your voice down John seems like we woke my brother up from his nap.”
Myc- You better not be eating any cake. We were going on a diet, remember.
Sherlock got himself down the tree it took a little bit but, in that process, he lost his soda. The soda fell out of his grip as he tried to climb down it hit the grass with a ‘thud’. Most of the contents left within it started to pour out upon the wet grass. The straw bounced from the bottom of the can landing not too far from where his soda lay. Looking down at it standing next to the man he started to tear up. “S-Soda...”
Mycroft raises his eyebrow and crosses his arms. “What sort of bet.”
John answers the phone with a concerned Mycroft on the line.
“You do not even talk anymore what the hell is with that!”
Sherlock on the other hand had no idea what they were talking about let alone why they were laughing so much, but he was craving for something sweet. “C-Could w-we get some c-candy.”
John’s eyes widen in extreme shock and fear about Sherlock's safety. “Why the hell did he not tell me any of this!”
“He started acting like me a bit ago. I have no idea what is going on. First, he has no idea of me then he is acting just like me. What did you give him in that briefcase?”
Sherlock stands up and starts to walk over to the front door of her flat before heading outside to see how big the world was. “Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, for everything I hope I can come and visit soon again.”
Sh- Ok.
Sherlock started to blink the sleep away from his eyes and subsequently widened them. John brought his hand away from Sherlock’s chest and hugged him. “I’m glad you are alright; you look perfectly fine to me, save for that bump on the top of your head. I will get some ice for that if you want.”
“That is what I want to know about John as well. I would let him try out more of this unknown chemical, but I have no idea what it might be further than what we have seen now.”
John shouts from across the flat. “Give me a second be there soon.”
Sherlock blanks out for a bit before something new takes his spot for a bit. He props himself off the floor and looks around. Smelling the air for a bit something catches him off guard it was John.
“Better than I thought. On the other note, I am coming over to check up on him and pick up the briefcase. With it in the wrong hands, it’s not going to be Sherlock in this state but countless others.”
John allowed a rather big yawn overcome him for a moment, and stood there registering the news until his eyes widened. “...What kind of issues?” Concern started to emerge from his slackened features. If Mycroft Holmes couldn’t deal with it, it must be something that you couldn’t underestimate.
“More or less.” John shrugs back at the comment.
The man huffs back at him before walking once again. Sherlock starts to look around again seeing some small clothing shops that lined the street around him. Now just a few blocks away from his flat is more confused than ever about where he is. Just leaving his last location seemed like a challenge but now he was out but now what was he to do.
“John a word in private, please. And not you Sherlock.”
“No need to be all proper with me Sherlock but it is nice to hear you greet me with miss again. I do miss those early days before I let you have a flat here.”
Tears start to form in John's eyes. Holding one of the viles tightly looking like his own hand was about to burst under the pressure. “At the moment I cannot even tell him when ‘him’ does not even know who he even is or what he should even be anymore!”
“Um, later I need to send out a text to my ‘brother’ about a recent case I just did.”
John starts to calm down knowing it might just be Sherlock. Looking around the flat he spots a shaking table and what looks like a scared Sherlock, something John has never seen. John starts to speak with a soft tone in his voice. “Sherlock come out from under there, it’s alright.”
Sherlock scurries under a desk not too far from the t.v and slides under shaking in fear about what might happen to him. ‘Is the man going to hurt me.’ He thinks under this panic.
“Well, at least my brother dropped me a text before I headed over here. He indeed did say that he was confused about the properties of these chemicals, and their investigations lead to no verifiable or explainable conclusions.”
Sherlock calculated, hypothesized, estimated, and raised his arm, pulling his trigger finger back in a smooth, pure contraction of motion that sent the bullet flying, making its final resting place between the eyes of the scarred man.
days.
“Yes Dr-I mean Irene, I understand, and I will.”
John groaned above him and moved each of his hands to gather themselves in Sherlock lustrous waves. He tilted the man’s face upwards, momentarily caught off-guard by the glossiness of his effervescent eyes. They were wide and innocent, in the moment, like an eager supplicant gazing upwards at his god. John allowed himself a moment to revel in his adoration, and then descended upon his lips with a fervor they had not yet experienced due to John’s long and difficult convalescence.
“These things she says I could do - the power I have? Do you think that’s true?”
IMA: It’s Miss, please…and I was only thinking of the well-being of dear REDACTED. How is our exceedingly handsome REDACTED doing?
“But first, I’m going to need you to take your clothes off. Let me know when you’re finished, I’ll be right outside.” He took his leave, letting the door squeak shut behind him.
The blond swallowed back his surprise and glanced down at his coat, then out the window where the cold London night awaited him. He sighed, if Sherlock was willing to ignore John previous fumbling attempt at conversation, then the Omega supposed he could too.
“I think they’re on their way. Although I don’t know what good it’ll do. It’s hard to calm someone down after that kind of row,” she gathered her supplies, gently placing all the tubes in a bag marked ‘biohazard.’
Mycroft watched the limping form of Dr. John Watson turn and disappear down the stairs before he pivoted silently, regarding his brother.
“Hello Sarah, sorry to bother you but, I-I need your help with something.” He tilted his head to the side and waited patiently for the lady to emerge.
“My senses are extremely acute; it’s part of my particular genetic expression and who I am as an apex Alpha. It’s clear your nose is not nearly as sensitive as mine. I can smell his arousal, whereas you cannot...simple as that. He may not have been in control, as you seem so keen to mention, but I believe he knew exactly what he was doing. We know our own minds.” He glanced down at the man again and snorted. “Plus his arousal hasn’t completely waned as of yet.”
He was not being gentle, but John certainly didn’t ask him to be. God, he didn’t want him to be.
“Look, Jeremy…I’m uh, not really feeling well –”
“He was a bad man, Sherlock. I don’t want you to be sorry.”
IMA: To put in laymen’s terms, we can control the effect we have on others.
“How very disappointing for me, really. I do so like to make a grand entrance.”
To date, he had yet to find any other chemical, legal or otherwise, that effectively dulled his senses as much as the heroin did. There was a kind of blissful, sumptuous beauty in the way a simple injection could dissolve the outside world, lessen the continuous bombardment of outside impulses, and just let him
“No!” John snatched the blunt weapon out of Sherlock’s grasp and lobbed it to the ground in disgust. “Leave him alone. He doesn’t know what he’s doing. He’s-he’s…”
When John had finally gathered up enough courage to leave the upstairs room, he found only Mycroft, silent and rigid, sitting in Sherlock’s chair and staring quite avidly into the empty fireplace. It became clear, quite quickly, that he refused to discuss the incident, and would reject any attempts at bringing it up in the near future as well. The Omega had no choice but to swallow his reservations and move forward with the plan.
He gripped the mobile in one hand while gathering the test results in another.
since John had seen a proper reflection of himself in a mirror, and rippling, coffee-colored facsimiles floating on the surface of the Thames simply did not count.
“Another participant! Lovely!” An older, ginger-haired fellow smiled at John, his face open and friendly. “How was it? I’m a wee bit nervous I can tell you, how’d it go?”
got ahold of it.” His arm swung in a wide arc, as if by saying ‘they’ he really meant the whole of London proper. “I did some of my own tests. This is coated paper, specifically coated in kaolinite or china clay as it is colloquially known. This sheet, and others like it was milled to a gloss finish, suited for high resolution printing and display, such as
The cycle continued, each person playing their part with understated efficacy. John was grateful for them all, and he even allowed a glimmer of hope to nestle deep inside his abdomen. Mr. Holmes might come through this after all.
He laughed at himself, though the sound carried no real humour, that was a ridiculous thought.
to be strong, and he’d felt that way for so long that it seemed a monumental task to just let
Marcus’ body convulsed, his lips twitching, expression pained. John knew what this was; he’d seen it so many times before on the battlefield, it wouldn’t be long now.
“No, it’s just as I thought…gelatine, cellulose, and the like - all standard, nothing exciting, nothing to even remotely set it aside as anything out of the ordinary or
He didn’t move though. Both arms were still latched onto the Omega, gripping his rapidly cooling form by the sides.
, how much he
.” The man repeated; his face a hardened mask of purpose.
And then there he was, open and laid out raw and musky for Sherlock. The Alpha had never known anything as all-consuming as this moment in his life. John’s prick was beautiful, the skin matte and velvet, the curling hairs at the base forming perfect ringlets that drew his eyes into the lovely and modest obelisk before him. John was an Omega, to be sure, and as such would never be as physically endowed as Sherlock, but the length and breadth of him was nothing to be ashamed of, and he would show his mate right now how much he appreciated the beauty of him.
), John managed to realize that the Alpha's grip was soft and tractable. Even after his first initial fright, after thumping his head hard on the plaster wall behind him, he realized Sherlock was not hurting him...didn't seem to want to hurt him.
She pivoted towards the room proper, peering at the unfortunate young man in question as he appeared to sleep peacefully on the uncomfortable-looking double bed. He looked rather posh, a little pale, and could do with some feeding up. Though he was rather handsome, with his dark curls and aristocratic brow, and those lips! She had half a mind to pat her hair and fan herself girlishly before remembering that he was her charge, and right now, being unconsciously wilful and disobedient. Honestly, young men these days, dashing about, ignoring their health and making a general mess of things! She could see she had her work cut out for her with
The doctor lowered himself to the ground slowly, kicking off his shoes, but leaving his socks to warm his toes in the night. They weren’t outside, but the house wasn’t heated either.
“No Molly, not now. I don’t want any of that percolated swill you call
The Alpha continued to gaze down at John, saying nothing, his piercing eyes moving minutely back and forth, reminding John of a very mild form of nystagmus. Then suddenly, his entire body twitched and he turned about in a half circle, picking up several bulky items. “Yes! Yes. Washing…I have some items for you I think you would need in your situation. I tend to keep myself rather clean shaven so I don’t have the required instruments to appropriately tackle that amount of…growth, on your face so…” Sherlock thrust an expensive looking shaving kit encased in a supple leather pouch through the slim opening in the door.
“It’s not standard protocol, of course, but considering your background and the strength of your talents, the board voted to proceed right away. You’re scheduled for the procedure tomorrow morning.” She shuffled a few papers around on her desk, dabbing at her raw nose with the same damp and crumpled tissue from before.
“What’s the next step then?”
do you know that name?”
Sherlock nodded, though his expression didn’t change and he blatantly didn’t answer John’s question.
“You poor dear. I am very sorry you had to deal with all that; it’s so very hard when you’re young. I was unformed for most of my life also, so I think I can say very genuinely that I know how you feel.”
He’d been shot from behind. He knew he should have never taken his eyes off of that other doorway – how could he have been so
The confession ripped through the smaller blond. He had never heard Sherlock apologize for anything – he honestly didn’t think the man was capable. Yet here he was, standing right in front John, offering an apology in earnest, his face open and far more vulnerable than John had ever seen.
“It’ll be alright. Just follow me.”
“I grow tired of your presence dear brother. Leave now.” Sherlock dashed over to the mirror, checking the way his curls laid just so over his forehead in the way he knew drove John crazy. He ran two large hands down his bespoke white dress shirt, buttons almost straining at the slim fit (too tight, some would say). It showed off his lean but muscled physique in a way no mass produced garment ever could. “What do you think of this shirt?”
He’d known this was coming, this emotional upheaval, this gripping, squeezing
“I will answer all your questions in good time. Please sit, and calm down. I know you take your coffee with sugar and milk, enjoy.”
Dr. Frankland’s lips pressed together, unconvinced, his feverish eyes darting between Irene and the blond trapped behind the glass.
A look of dawning comprehension clicked onto the apex Alpha’s handsome brow. Oh of course,
Strangely (or perhaps not so), little was mentioned about the incident while he was in the recovery ward. No one seemed inclined to answer any questions related to, or even remotely leaning towards, why he awoke screaming the name ‘John.’ If Sherlock hadn’t been concerned with splitting headaches and recovery issues of his own, he would have pressed the matter with his own particular brand of tenacity. As it was, he was having more trouble merely tending to his own personal needs to care.
Sherlock sighed, affecting the learned boredom he used to put most people off.
“Margie, I’m going to want some blood drawn, maybe we can find out what happened. It’s – it’s almost as if he
himself into John.
The Alpha only shrugged and tossed the ball behind him, the previously innocent gleam in his eyes turning predatory. This was a look John knew well. His heart jumped and thumped against his ribcage, hammering about wildly in his chest. One quick glance confirmed that they were alone on the pitch, and there was no one around to help him…save him.
“Alright, can we be a little less severe right now? I’m only making a phone call, after all, and you’re both making me nervous.” He rolled his eyes, and even though he tried not to make it obvious, he was fairly sure the he couldn’t hide that from the two most observant men in the free world.
“Tell me
“But what does that mean for me? For my life? Am I stuck with you forever…what about what
John knew for a fact that if Mycroft Holmes had deigned to travel all the way from London to the Cottage, he most certainly was not lost (one did not get lost in a place such as the Cottage annex), but he took a kind of sordid satisfaction in seeing the man's haughty expression tighten ever so slightly.
“Subject John Watson, I remember you. This
Still, he wasn’t above letting the fawning man fret.
A few weeks later, as he made his way across the empty rugby pitch late after school, things got immeasurably worse.
John grimaced, tightening his grip on the man’s hair once more and maliciously shoving it forward to slam his head against the cold, unforgiving tile of the wall. The Alpha howled in pain, and John noticed a bright splotch of blood on the wall, staining the grout and contrasting nicely against the white. He did this one more time with unerring brutality, and the man, like his comrade before him, fell to the floor, limp and pale. The spot of blood bloomed larger now, dripping in long scarlet stripes down the vertical surface. John managed to suppress a visceral rush of gratification, but he couldn’t ignore the inappropriate tingling and firmness all the excitement brought to other, more intimate areas of his anatomy. He adjusted himself with a dark grin, shaking his head with rueful purpose; he hadn’t had a reaction like that in
still worked) he regarded with a level of disgust that surprised even himself.
who can barely manage a simple question?”
“He was rather pale, with dark curly hair and bright eyes. Very bright eyes. Oh, and he wore this enormous coat. I think he thought himself quite fancy, I don’t know. He said he was some kind of detective. Though he could have been lying, maybe, he didn’t give a name. I was kind of in a haze…you know, it’s hard to just
“John?” A familiar baritone rang out into the blustery night.
Their confrontation this morning had been intense. John was justifiably enraged and thinking purely with his fists; but afterwards, when he had calmed, the doctor in him kicked in and he tended to Sherlock with a quick and gruff manner. He did not apologize. That was something he flat out
He was, but only passingly so. Most of the civilized world was familiar with the extensive research performed by the Human Genome Project. The day Celia Shopley discovered and accurately mapped the chromosome containing the mutated genes for Sentinel and Guide abilities was the day she secured herself a Nobel Prize. That was a decade ago, and since then great strides had been made in Sentinel/Guide medicine, the implantation process being the newest and most exciting.
(See the end of the chapter for
He broke down, left hand gripping the side of Marcus’s coffin, knuckles white against the polished walnut.
Sherlock hovered over the livid body of Jimmy Price. His nervous, frantic energy had yet to dissipate, and only served to make the timid woman behind him even more reticent to interrupt his thoughts. Finally, though, she could delay no longer.
“Okay, I assume you are an Omega of course,” the young man chuckled a bit, “Formed or Unformed?”
Down the hall to the right, first door on the left.
Sherlock growled deep in his chest. The patches were vinyl, only made to imitate leather, the blazer was real linen, no designer in their right mind would combine the two, the stitches were uneven and sloppy, self-mended then with what he could find at any chain store, his pants unevenly hemmed; again the man could not afford a proper tailor, briefcase either borrowed or bought second hand.
The Omega had no idea Marcus had developed feelings for him, no matter how ill-advised he thought they were. Marcus had limited control over his actions and hormones, but John was not one to flirt or toy with anyone’s emotions flippantly. Even though he allowed himself little in the way of love and affection, he wouldn’t belie someone else’s needs or wants. That is not to say he would actually
“Honestly, young people, sleeping in at all hours…it’s just not healthy, mind. In my day I would have been up and roaring around half of London by this time of night, of course I had Nigel at my side, and he did know how to charm a girl. Too many girls actually, positively scandalous that one but…I suppose that’s what you get when you marry an
…of course you were.
John laid on the grass, though he rolled over to his side, clutching at his forearms and finally letting his tears fall unhindered down his reddened and grass-stained cheeks. He cried uncontrollably. He tried to stop, he really did. But he couldn’t. He just
this was torture.
If John didn’t know better, he would think Mycroft was angry, but it was hard to tell – the man kept his face so expertly stilled and unresponsive, one could almost never be sure what he was thinking.
That was it!
“John, your Guide.”
This location was familiar to Sherlock, and even though he had blocked the Alpha from his mobile (thereby preventing the most convenient means of communication), he didn’t want to take the risk of running into the detective here. He knocked on Julia and Brandy’s door lightly, not entirely sure if they were in or not. He was greeted by Brandy’s bright face and ushered inside with an indulgent smile.
The Omega wasn’t entirely sure he was ready to meet with the imposing Alpha (Sherlock’s brother notwithstanding), as he’d just been through an experience that had tested the very limits of his patience and sanity. He hadn’t had to use so much self-control since basic training in the army, and he was very nearly at his limit as to how much more abuse he could handle.
Beads of sweat collected at his temples and dropped – drop after drop – staining the gown of the young man suffering under John’s punishing chest compressions.
When John finally found his way to the heavily lacquered front door, Sherlock was stood on the sidewalk waiting, a black cab idling at the kerb. A faint look of annoyance settled on the Alpha’s face, but John paid it no never mind; the man knew he couldn’t move very fast, so he could just be patient or leave without John, his choice. Sherlock held the door open for the blond and prompted him to enter first; again, thoughts of fragile Victorian damsels flitted across his mind, and the Omega scowled. But he did manage to climb into the cab after all, his hip twinging as his right leg was forced to turn at an odd angle for a moment. Then he finally got settled in.
As if reading his mind, Jeremy popped his head in through the entranceway behind him, “First door on the left, sorry!”
an Omega decide to take pleasure unto himself when a perfectly good Alpha was there in front of him? The man was already struggling, but it seemed that John taking himself in hand was the tipping point.
John couldn’t even count how many times during his life that he wished he was a Beta. For all they made up about 37% of mankind, they were sterile. Oh sure, they could enjoy a quick rough and tumble in the sheets, biology wasn’t
The next morning dawned bright and clear. It did nothing for John’s mood. A black cloud had descended upon the doctor and would not dissipate.
He made it out of the Centre easily, feeling slightly foolish now about his gloom and doom mentality before his appointment. This had all been easier than expected, and if Sherlock could garner any information from his haphazard collection of pictures then he wouldn’t consider the visit a complete waste. Not even the throbbing in his head, the nausea, or his aching hip could prevent the tiniest of smiles from appearing on his face.
“We have, you know. I met you on your very first night. I was the one guided you out of your zone.”
But no…nonononono.
“You choose to be homeless John, oh don’t give me that look. Frankly, I don’t care what you do with your life. But that does take into question as to how you received those wounds. Doctors are caregivers, and it’s not surprising that one such as yourself chose the RAMC, since besides your doctoring tendencies you also have an unfulfilled penchant for danger. Were you trying to save someone, when you were wounded?
John just couldn’t find the strength of will to
“You know what?
He wanted to run in ‘guns blazing’ (as the Americans say) immediately, he wanted to call Mycroft and Lestrade and let them know if he didn’t return in an hour with John, then send in the Royal Army. But, he stayed his hand, and let the cool salve of logic soothe his manic brain. Instead, he quickly informed the powers that be of his new discovery. Unfortunately, this led to an intense surveillance detail that lasted nearly 24 hours.
Above their convoy, stark against the blue clear sky, a line of Chinooks thundered low and away across the rolling hills. If John had continued on as a doctor only, he would have been with them and first on the scene, but since he had taken on full duty as a Captain, his responsibilities now lay with the 118 soldiers currently under his command.
“I know, this is terrible, I do apologize. Normally this room is locked and only used for breaks and file storage but, well…with the trouble we’ve had today…”he sighed, putting John’s file on the old, scratched table with a
Irene Adler finally sat down at her desk, taking immense comfort in its exquisitely crafted surface and feeling the smooth polished grain run satiny underneath her palms. She had been a sensualist before her Formation, but afterwards, even more so. No one could quite take pleasure in the physical world like she could.
“Would you believe,” he began in his toe-curling baritone, “that I have a headache.”
will have
was just so new, and so…so,
“Not at all, I think he just went out for the morning. I was about to see to his Lino, but…”
Molly offered a small little smile at Sherlock’s comment and began to busy herself; staining specimens and preparing slides for Sherlock to analyse at his leisure. She seemed a quiet kind of person actually, quite content in doing what was asked of her (by Sherlock at least).
“And the bleeding?”  John prompted, trying to get as much information as he could from the surly youth. Nausea, vomiting, spots of rectal bleeding…they could be symptoms of, quite frankly, an alarming number of medical maladies. John would have a difficult time pinning it down with the limited equipment available to him.
“I love you, John Watson.” He said, finally, as if the weight of emotions and the gravity of his gaze could convey the depths of his feelings for the greying blond – as if his words were inadequate, indistinct, and would never quite be appropriate for accurately describing how he felt about one small, seemingly ordinary doctor.
Escape.
Opening his eyes proved another painful chore, much like emerging from the drug benders he loved so dearly, and when his eyes finally adjusted to the institutional glare of the indoor lighting, he realized he was still in hospital.
“What the
“John took those? When?” Molly inquired when she finally noticed they were both alone once again. She abandoned the printouts for a moment to swiftly enter a few commands into her state of the art computer, which was currently running analyses of what paltry bit of DNA they had managed to salvage from the waxy bits of Lipsyl stuck to the cigarette found at the scene of John’s kidnapping.
“I told you,” the man quipped, a rather pleased smile on his face.
justsuperblue.tumblr.com
Not for the first time, John wondered what exactly Sherlock had said to the distressed Alpha that night under the bridge. It had been directly after that that everything had changed. Maybe when he was more familiar with the apex Alpha, he would ask him. Although he was unsure of whether or not he would get a straight answer, or just some kind of cryptic response that would resolve nothing. Suddenly, John felt his sorrow roll forth from him in thick waves, threatening to crack his professional veneer of iron-clad patience and unflappable humour in the face of adversity.
But these men, apparently, had other plans.
She focussed on being as quick as possible, feeding each and every sheaf into the insatiable machine, smiling more and more as the documents that outlined any suspicions of her complicity were offered up to the sharp teeth of the shredder.
“You are leaving?” Challenged though Marcus was, he could put two and two together.
The sharp
“Mr. Holmes?”
When John finally escaped the obviously government issued car, he felt even more mentally exhausted than before. Mycroft had certainly put him through the ringer, and made sure to record their entire conversation on his own laptop, to which he assured John would work perfectly and not ‘suddenly devolve into a symphony of mysterious white noise.’
“Oh good, you’re awake.” A deep, sonorous voice cut through the darkness, accompanied by the switch of a bed-lamp not far from where John lay. He winced as the light blinded him for a moment, the movement making his face and lips tremble with sharp slices of pain.
Every single one of the texts was from Sherlock, of course. They appeared, one after the other, in a seemingly never-ending queue of commands, demands, and the like.
“So, I hope you don’t mind if I call you John. I like to be on a first name basis with all of my patients,” a ghost of a smile tugged at her carmine lips, “you can call me Irene, if you like. Or you can stick with Dr. Adler, depending on your preference. Do you…have a preference, John?”
His smile widened and opened into a small laugh, which came out dry and strained. It was only just then that he realized quite how ridiculously thirsty he was. The Omega took a moment to peer about the room whilst Molly fussed and gathered her things.
“You didn’t create us, mind. You merely took what already existed and coaxed it to the surface, quite imperfectly, as I do remember,” she touched a small white button on a wall adjacent to the glass and a current of palpable energy ran though the clear barrier, turning it instantly opaque, “it was horridly painful. You’re lucky I didn’t find you in your sleep and strangle you afterwards. I volunteered to be Formed,
They kept on the move, neither of them staying in one place for very long. John didn’t want to risk being found by Sherlock, and he was determined to continue on with the plan. Every so often he would text his whereabouts to Mycroft, which would only result in a terse –
“Is that really how you see me?” John felt the weight of the world come crashing down on his shoulders. The love he felt for this beautiful, impossible man condensed in his chest, causing a lancing pain he had never felt before in his life; not for Mary, not for James, not for
“John, I –”
“Something he’d once found distasteful.”
are doing?”
“Right,” Greg continued, ignoring Sherlock’s less than stellar attitude (which wasn’t all that different from how he was normally), “you’re allowed one day before I have to hand these back over to my own team, got it?”
John had been given a new life, a new partner, and how appropriate that he realized the full impact of it all just as he was saying goodbye to his very dear, and very beloved, friend.
Nope. He didn’t care how pathetic the Alpha sounded; he wasn’t going to give in. This man was an exercise in emotional indifference and heartbreak, and John wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction. He began to limp towards the building again, pushing ahead painfully and away from the brunet, hoping he’d get the picture and leave him
“John is my friend, I’ll stay with John.” He took one step towards the smaller Omega and then paused, speaking quietly, but with purpose, “I know now, John is
“Just tell him what you told me; all of it. Then we can figure out what to do later.”
“Yeah,” the blond rubbed at the back of his neck, willing himself to just relax, “I was a big fan of Star Trek: The Next Generation as a kid.”
John narrowed his eyes, continuing to listen and becoming somewhat engrossed in her tale. “And what was that exactly?”
What happened to the man that had joined the RAMC? The one who was stubborn, headstrong, and possessing an unshakable sense of honour that other people envied? What happened to the toughened Omega that thought nothing of throwing fists and bloodying noses?
Sherlock however, wanted more, and he was quite vocal on this fact. He made a list. This list was thrust upon John ten days after he moved in, and John eyed it balefully as it sat in his lap, the blue lined paper as deceptively innocent as a primary schooler’s composition book.
Sherlock moved from John’s side and clasped his hands in front of him, as if making a declaration. “You look very handsome today John.”
“Marcus-”
John’s eyes moved along his upper body, across the sparse hair covering his pectorals, a grey tucked in here and there. He had lost almost all his muscle tone along his arms and chest. His abdomen was practically concave, and while you couldn’t see his ribs just yet, it was only a matter of time. His right hip was an uneven, discolored disaster, covered by the telltale wavy meshed scar of a successful skin graft. It was just John’s luck that immediately after he’d been shot, the Land Rover he’d drove in on was hit by a rocket propelled grenade and exploded with incendiary gusto, throwing him to the ground and leaving third degree burns with melted plastic and metal shrapnel embedded in his right hip. He didn’t remember much after that, and for that he was endlessly grateful. John had found a kind of peace in the RAMC; a tremulous respite afforded to him by comrades who didn’t care much what gender you were, or weren’t. They didn’t even care he was a latent, though John still had fought every day to prove himself as good as any Formed gender, they accepted him as he was. And if anyone so much as batted a demeaning eyelash at John, or made a disparaging comment, they’d be taken behind the dusty tents and given a thorough talking to, usually with fists.
“I met with you just three weeks ago with some evidence I had collected-”
Her smile was tight as she left silently through the door; she wasn’t unable to completely hide her own embarrassment at the situation. The Omega shook his head and began to dress, pulling on his vest and denims, but keeping his ragged jumper to the side.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hang on to your chow, Cap," Hopkins bellowed, giving him a sideways grin about half an hour into their journey. It was difficult to hear his usually cheerful tenor against the clipped-whirring of the helicopters and the grinding of the engines. "It's going to be a bumpy ride."
And then it hit him. It hit him so hard that John was glad he was sitting because the force of the realization was so sudden and intense he was sure, had he been standing, he would have fallen (or fainted, like the delicate Victorian ladies of old).
“Why are you even here Sherlock?” His voice was low, drained of life, every word a struggle. “I told you not to contact me again, and I said I didn’t want to help. What do you
When he finally emerged, it was as if he was rising upwards through dense and murky salt water, his mind grasping and flailing as the rippling, opalescent waveforms heralded his arrival from his mind palace to proper consciousness. Then, he was assaulted with bright pinpoints of light hovering dizzyingly only centimetres from his pupils. He balked, of course, as would any man who came to from meditation and mind cataloguing would. What was
It’d been
When he finally made it to his room, it was cold and empty. The space smelt vaguely of musk and dirt, a scent that John had long ago forced himself to get used to. Living under the bridge (a place not well known for its air circulation), the everyday odour of unwashed humanity was as familiar a scent as fish and chips or malt vinegar. He didn’t really notice it so much anymore (his medical classes reminding him that the brain eventually ‘abandons’ constant stimuli in favour of something new), but he figures it must be all the time he’s spent outside in the fresh air and in clean places that’s making the stench especially poignant.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed infinitesimally, catching the scent.
The blond rubbed at his right deltoid lightly, wondering if this would be as bad as the tetanus jabs he remembered as a kid. Oh sure, they felt fine at first, but nothing compared to the soreness that developed the next day. He kneaded the muscle gently, trying to disperse the one millilitre of liquid as much as possible; he didn’t need a sore arm on top of everything else that had already happened today.
“I…I…” John gurgled, each word caught in painful throat spasms.
The sobs came freely now, though he fought against them, against the visceral ugliness of the situation and the circumstances of Marcus’s death.
Sherlock snorted, as he tended to when Mycroft was mentioned in any kind of conversation. The name was hateful, and he absently wondered if he could develop some kind of allergy or anaphylactic response if only to never have to hear his brother’s name ever again.
“So you owe me, my dear.” Jim backed away, mouth open, eyes half-closed.
“How exactly do you do it?” Scientists and Tower Specialists had been trying for decades to develop treatments such as this, to very little success; he
It was only just then that he became aware that the pounding, previously only thought to be in his head, was in fact someone pounding on the door downstairs. With a grimace and another groan, he shuffled his way to the window, blinking the sleep out of his eyes.
. “I’m going to the bungalow Sherlock, where I’m staying now.”
Sarah and Bill were in the kitchen, talking lowly, and every so often laughing as they got to know each other. John had recommended the bright girl and Sherlock, having a soft spot for the man who helped rescue John, had no objections. It seemed they had hit it off, and the Alpha couldn't quite help the small sense of satisfaction in a job well done.
Sherlock placed the bottle down on the table next to the file; then eagerly flipped through the pages inside the manila folder, showing the lab results Molly had just been describing. He absorbed the information quickly, eyes flitting back and forth over number, charts, acceptable parameters, and the like.
“Don’t be
“It’s finally happened,” he whispered with ill-contained excitement, “there can be no mistaking the genetic markers.”
Indeed.
, a crippled army doctor, here within the esteem and love of a man so beautifully flawed it pained his heart to look at Sherlock’s face and know his feelings were fully reciprocated.
“You can go fuck yourself, freak. You don’t know me. You don’t know anything about me.”
Sherlock, nonplussed, glanced down at his aubergine dress shirt, certain that he had flaunted it in front of his Omega at least a dozen times (he did so try to look his best for John).
To be honest, John didn’t think much of the entire ‘serial killer’ situation.
.” His throat closed in a glottal spasm, shoulders trembling from the unfairness of it all. “I – I wish this had never happened. I wish you were still here. I wish I could go back and tell you to stop, that I wasn’t worth y-your life. I wish –”
Obviously, he couldn’t do that
He bit back a sigh of relief.
The reflection of the sun off the damp London pavement made John feel slightly dizzy. He was aware, mostly in the back of his mind, that his hip had begun to hurt once more, sending dull waves of pain all the way down his leg and back up again. Mostly he just tried to focus on putting one foot in front of the other while keeping his head down as he made his way to the Highlands Centre.
Both men had recovered from their surprise…and each with hellishly dangerous looks on their faces now. The shorter man gripped his Taser in his right hand, advancing on John with the slow careful movements of a predator.
“Yes, alright, that’s fine Sherlock.Come by around seven if you want, it’ll just be the few of us there anyway,” this way, maybe, they could have a proper talk and figure all this out.
Come visit!
“Molly, I already knew you were moderately intelligent, but even
experiences) it was
It was just as she was about to completely lock up for the evening, just as she was heading through the wooden double doors out of her lab, that her mobile rang.
” John could feel Ed’s hardness against his arse, and hot, bitter tears stung his eyes. His breath caught in his throat, catching as a desperate sob.  “You know it doesn’t have to be this way…why don’t you just calm down and let it happen. You want this.” Edward rubbed his hands up under John’s jumper, tugging on the crisp white shirt underneath. John managed another panicked buck, which only managed to inflame the larger boy even more.  His hands gripped at John’s sides painfully, clenching at his ribs with bruising force.
“What mess and when did you get here mister? You want to try this soda it’s really good I have been drinking it for well I’m not sure really.”
Bustling cars and people walk by the flat. Each with different emotions lives, and families they all belong to. Sherlock felt a feeling like this was missing just a deep gaping hole in his chest wanting to be filled again. He started to shed a small tear before his head started to hurt again before you know it, he was a blank slate again.
Sherlock starts to focus on the two of them before stabilizing. Blinking a few times, he looks at the two more confused than he has been. “Wait two Sherlock’s but how. I was just how can I be in two places at once.”
Sherlock gets off John and starts to wag again and panting in excitement. John starts to chuckle looking at his friend. “You are quite a handful even as a dog now, but you are still the same old Sherlock to me.”
He starts to text.
Sherlock holds up a few of the heavy bags ready to put them away in the small kitchen where John is at the moment. “I will finish up the rest up the rest of the groceries away I say just take a nap for a while and relax.”
Down at the park, Sherlock is hanging down from a large oak tree the biggest one within the park, made it seem like it was the achievement that made this park stand out within London. With a soda within Sherlock's two hands with a small white striped bendy straw Greg and his german shepherd at the base of the tree staring up at him, Greg wondering what the hell he got into now.
‘Careful.’
‘No clever comeback? I cheated on you, Mary.’ You’re looking somewhere beside me. My eyes widen. Oh, God. Blame. Self-loathing. Haunted. Yes. What we did, brought you to this. Yes. The only chance we took and here’s the result. That’s why you don’t want this. That’s why I don’t want another chance either. Even if I crave for it. There’s nothing left for me. I’m still stuck dumb by this. My mind is sort-circuited. I can’t pay attention. I won’t. Something tells me you’re confessing to the ghost of your dead wife exactly what happened. Us happened. If there could ever be referenced like that again.
It had ben intense, if nothing else; them admitting to the need to be together. And John coming to terms with being bisexual. In fact, he was still coming to terms with it. Not that he’d ever been actively homophobic -he had a lesbian sister, after all- but nursing a confused sense of masculinity and fending off a toxic fear of anything too-gay was not aided too much by his boyfriend’s larger than life camp sass. Or maybe it was. Well. What can John Watson do but cope. What else can he do when said boyfriend, lover, best friend, partner, can make him feel his chest is a skywards-bent balloon with only a look? When this madman of a genius is finally his, his, and only his?
‘But I wanted more. And you know something… I still do.’
You didn’t move. I couldn’t see your face. Then you kneeled. I felt your warmth around me as your arms embraced me tightly, never letting me go. As if I would vanish into thin air. You tucked my head under your chin and I was sniffling in your neck after a while. There was something wet and warm in my hair and it was then I realised you were crying. I gasped and tried to squeeze my arms around you reassuringly. I was never good at this. As you were never good at showing emotion. All the air was sucked out of my lungs as your grip tightened and I stayed obediently still. Your jaw was set and your muscles were tensed. I could hear your teeth squeaking like an old door needing a fix.
‘Oh, I thought we were just hanging out.’ I sipped some tea. My tone clipped. Really, Watson, is that all you can do? You know exactly why I took the drugs. You know why I destroyed myself.
John keeps looking down at him and the fort, and sways on his feet a little -a small rolling motion from the heels to the balls of his feet and back. Sherlock suddenly feels exposed, even if hidden, burrowed away like a cat. And he feels alone. And giddy. "You?"
“How?”
John looked at him and waited. Sherlock wondered how much longer until John’s patience grew thin, until the veil of infatuation and love hormones lifted. “It is about yesterday”
Sherlock's POV
John nodded.
the hug, John cries, Sherlock is angry, kind of fix-it
Somehow, John understands. He pulls himself closer, and Sherlock belatedly registers the movement of his body, as his head becomes tucked under John's chin, an arm locks around his waist, and he can breathe in John's chest. He sighs, as every part of him melts into the contact. John's other hand brushes through his hair, sorting the unruly curls and then messing them up again. And then Sherlock's heart quietens. Because it is not just a little bit more. And if he is not dreaming, that could mean he is allowed to share all the things he has always wanted to share with John. About how he would play with Redbeard, and dream of roaming the seas as a pirate, and wonder whether lips after kisses could taste like honey.
‘She’ll be fine, Sherlock, you’ll see.’ Your hand was on my thigh in a soothing grip. You knew I was worried. You always knew.
Except.
“What do you think?”
“Then… Before… There were things inside me which I thought I was not allowed to share, or even feel”, Sherlock murmured. John saw the roots through the pale skin, tangled and mingling with his veins.
"Yeah. I suppose it doesn't matter now", he hears John say, in that weird, low tone of his, that is a little too close to sarcastic to be truly indifferent. John's feet disappear from view as his knees, and then his face, now appear in the opening of the blanket fort. "Come on, shove it", he complains, and Sherlock scoots backwards obediently, with a good measure of disbelief about what he is witnessing.
“Can you say it again?”, he blurted out.
that, and my stomach flutters.
Suddenly you stopped as we were walking up a hill and your fingers tugged on mine in a kind of plea.
"Okay", the detective exhales, putting out his hands in a gesture of appeasement. "Fine. We will make a blanket fort".
‘Are you alright now?’ The concern is back and I focus my gaze to yours without avoiding any show of emotion. You’re frowning and I lean just a tad to kiss the taut muscles. You let them be afterwards.
The suit tailored perfectly, designed expertly, chosen impeccably. It’s right there, hanging in my wardrobe, waiting to be worn and stained through the occasion. Never to be used again. Always to be kept. Sentiment.
Of course, how they had entered the territory of the grand realization of their relationship being much more than friendship had been another story entirely. It had included not one, but two identity crises -one before the coming out, and one right after it-, and three Sherlockian panic attacks. These were peppered amidst the events of a divorce, and the dealing with an ex-assassin ex-wife with nothing but not-good intentions. Ah, and included a failed honeymoon, after a big, fat, ‘oh shit why is everyone saying the best man is in love with the groom and then why the heck am I marrying Mary’ wedding.
Sherlock's POV
If I had your experience, I could probably close my eyes and hear it all. The roars, the shouts, the cries, screams of the nearly departed. The ringing in my ears and the sand in my eyes, or rain maybe. Crawling into the mud, skin pained with a thousand prickles. Being alone, yet so close to others. The orders, the chaos, the painfully short silence when everything was dead, waiting for the next kill.
“I am afraid”
“Please tell me you’re not going to change your mind”, John whispered.
Stop it, Holmes. You’re just stupid. You know how you’ll always lose him. You’ve lost him countless of times. Just accept it. Accept it.
But instead of John saying anything he tapped on Sherlock’s wrist with his finger.
. Now gone. Just like that. In an instant. No. No, no, no. NO!
"I could...". John's does, too.
"That I'm staying. It's too much to discuss all of it now, Sherlock, and I'm not good at doing that sort of thing, but listen to me. I am going nowhere. Never again. Not after this. Not after I thought I'd lost you a second time onto a bloody hospital bed".
Sherlock nodded.
John has also taken charge over Sherlock's physio routine, firm hands keeping the thin torso or long arms steady, easing them into the repairing stretches and strengthening exercises. It hurts, he knows. But just a little more, Sherlock. He always says that. Just a little more. Another sip, another bite, some more sleep, or a few more steps. So Sherlock naturally assumed that it was 'just a little more' that he'd stay with him. Just until Sherlock got better, until he could achieve that little more on his own.
‘Hey…’ the melody of your voice pulls me to the surface again and I smile shakily. ‘You’re perfect and it’s going to be alright.’
Sherlock groaned and pressed his lips onto John’s nape. John’s hair there was matted with sweat. Sherlock nuzzled, breathing in the unique combination of musk, tea, wool, and cheap white soap. His heart was doing weird things in his chest.
‘Doesn’t change the fact, you shouldn’t have come. Bad luck.’ My voice rumbles lowly. I see your pupils dilate, fixed on me.
